where she'd hidden it. "You were going over the speed limit back there, ma'am." The officer replied. "Was I?" Kinzie sounded genuinely shocked. "I could have sworn it was 70." "Miss, this is a 55mph zone." Kinzie pouted. "Oh darn. And I'm in such a rush too. I have this party tonight and I really wanted to look really good because my boyfriend just dumped me." She sighed and twirled a piece of her hair. "I'm going to have to see your license and registration." The officer replied. "Kara, can you be a dear and grab my registration- it should be in the glove department." Reyna nodded. Kinize grabbed her purse from the back seat. "Now where is my wallet?" Reyna opened the glove department and slowly began to pretend to rummage through the papers. Kinzie, searching through her purse frantically, managed to "accidentally" elbow the soft drink sitting in the cup holder, spilling soda all over Reyna's mass of papers. "Annabeth!' Reyna chastised. "Now everything is all runny and sticky!" Kinize dropped her head into her hands. "I'm a mess! This is why Barry dumped me!" Reyna patted her back. "No, he didn't deserve you sweetie." The cop awkwardly cleared his throat. "I'm so sorry officer." Kinzie said. "I'm sure you have a pretty girl to get home to, and here we are wasting your time." "It's fine ma'am." The officer said. "I'm just doing my job." "No one to go home to?" Kinzie said sympathetically. "I don't believe it. A cute guy like you must have his pick of girls. Right, Kara?" Reyna nodded, internally smiling when she noticed the cop beginning to blush. "And the uniform." Kinize continued. "It's a total turn on. I mean you look so powerful. You could really protect a girl." "Nothing like Barry." Reyna commented. Kinize pulled a piece of paper out of her purse, and quickly jotted something down. "Look, I can't seem to find my license, but how about I give you my number and you can call me about the ticket?" Kinzie handed him the piece of paper with a not-so-subtle wink. The cop didn't say anything for a moment, and Reyna was afraid he was going to arrest them. She was calculating rather or not she thought she could knock him out before he could radio for back up (the answer was probably) when he looked back up at Kinzie with a smile. "Sure Miss. I'll just call you. About the ticket." "Oh you're the best!" Kinzie gushed. "I'll be waiting by the phone. To do my civic duty, of course." She rolled down the window as the cop walked away. "I can't believe-" Reyna began. "Don't celebrate yet." Kinzie said. "Wait until they drive away." They both turned around and watched with baited breath as the cop talked to his parent briefly, and then the patrol car began to retreat off into distance. Soon it was out of sight. Kinize whooped. "Fist bump!" She held up her fist, and Reyna bumped it with an eye roll. "Let's get back on the road." "Uh, not until you switch seats with me." Reyna said. "You are definitely not driving." Kinzie pouted. "Why not?" Reyna gave her a pointed look. "Fine." Kinzie gave in. "We switch back." The both climbed back into their original seats. Once buckled in, Kinzie reached down and pulled out her ring from where she had stashed it in between her boobs. Reyna laughed as she slipped it back on her finger. "I'm sure Hylla would be thrilled to know what you're doing with her very expensive ring." Kinzie smiled. "Pretty boy cop couldn't know my heart already belonged to someone else. I can't believe I flirted my way out of a speeding ticket, that was totally on my bucket list. Actually, I can believe it- I'm awesome." Reyna rolled her eyes. At least bragging was better than singing. A while later, after they had stopped for Arby's due to Kinzie's unrelenting complaints, Kinzie was still riding off her flirting victory. Reyna figured her sense of humor was just what was keeping her from worrying about Hylla. "You were so good." Kinzie said. "We sounded so dumb. I bet we could've gotten into a frat party." "Because that's something we totally want to do." Reyna commented. Kinzie shrugged, taking a bite of her sandwich. "You could meet a boy. Though I'm beginning to think you just want to be a cat lady. Or a metal dog lady. Whatever." "My dogs can kill at a much faster rate than most boys." Reyna pointed out. "And they talk much less." Kinzie laughed. "Awww, you made a joke." She tossed a fry in the air and caught it in her mouth. "But come on," She said, still chewing, "How come my alias had to be Annabeth? Is that the most creative name you could come up with on the fly?" "Hey," Reyna defended, "I named you after the smartest person I've ever met. That's more significant than throwing out random names." "Random names?" Kinzie said. "Uh, Supergirl? The Flash? Do you read comic books? Or watch television?" "Not really." "You need a life." Kinzie said, "I knew I was right when I told Hylla you probably just sat around all day alone in a darkened room plotting world domination. And she said I was wrong." "Oh, like you have more a life than me." Reyna said. Kinzie waggled her fingers. "Um, I'm engaged. That's like a total indicator of having a life." She threw a fry at Reyna. Reyna abruptly stopped the car, causing Kinzie to jerk back in her seat and drop her food onto the floor. "Come on, Reyna, now I got Arby's sauce on your rental." Kinzie complained. But Reyna was staring straight ahead. "Shit." She muttered. "Kinzie." Kinzie looked out the front window and gasped. She quickly covered her mouth, speaking in a terrified whisper. "Hylla." It would be rad if you left a review.