you're actually very smart," Annabeth commented. "And I don't hand out compliments like that often." Leo grinned. "Thank you for recognizing my genius!" As they were walking off the ship, Annabeth said, "I feel a lot better about this whole quest knowing that we have you on our team. With a ship like this-" "Spanking hot war machine," Leo corrected. "Okay," Annabeth conceded, mostly because she was too sleepy to resist. "With a spanking hot war machine like this, our chances seem a lot better. So thank you." "Thank me the day we fly this ship into camp with your boyfriend on board." The Argo II was due to take off in an hour and the camp was in a frenzy. The ship had been taken out of the bunker and parked in a clearing for takeoff. The Demeter and Hermes cabins were currently stocking it with supplies. The Hephaestus cabin was running final checks on the ship with Leo running around like a madman. Annabeth got up from her position in a circle of Athena kids analyzing maps and weather reports and started walking towards Bunker 9. Seeing her siblings marking up papers with bright red ink had reminded her that she had forgotten her favorite pen there. When she arrived at the bunker, she found Leo rummaging through a cardboard box. "What are you looking for?" she asked, spotting her pen on her worktable and moving to pick it up. "Oliver," Leo said offhandedly. "Oliver?" "Screwdriver." Annabeth glanced around the bunker and found it sitting on the worktable behind Leo. "There." Leo looked up and then at the direction she was pointing. "There you are Ollie!" he ran over and snatched it up. "Mad finding skills, Annie." "Don't call me Annie." Leo grinned. "Got it." "We should go." "Yeah," Leo agreed, following Annabeth to the door. He stopped suddenly and turned to look around, his expression becoming serious. "This place treated us well, during all those long and sleepless nights." Annabeth nodded. "Not to mention the way it turned up right when we needed it," she marveled. "I mean, what are the odds of stumbling across a place with ready designs for the perfect ship for our quest? But then again, there are no odds, are there? No coincidence. Everything is meant to happen. The Fates orchestrate everything." "Deep," Leo remarked. "But I am gonna miss this place." "You sound like you're not expecting to see it again." "It's a possibility." "We'll be back," Annabeth assured. The bunker was empty when Annabeth walked in. It seemed so much bigger without the Argo, without the sound of metal tools twisting and banging. She walked to her usual bench and sat down. It was dark. She wasn't sure where the light switch was, and she didn't care. As she sat on the bench in the huge and quiet bunker her heart broke. She imagined all of the times she had sat across from Leo while he tinkered with some strange contraption, all of the times he wasn't in front of her but she knew he was present by the sound of his hammer or drill. She remembered the nights he was cheerful and the nights he was not. She remembered what she had told him one night. We're all pawns in this huge and constant mythological war. Maybe if she had paid more attention she could have figured it out. Maybe… "Annabeth?" a familiar voice called out hesitantly. "In here," she answered. She heard feet scuffling and the lights suddenly flickered on. Percy was standing near the door, looking at her with concern. "What are you doing here?" "Looking for you," he admitted. "I was worried." Annabeth understood. Since returning from Tartarus they had been inseparable. They constantly worried for each other. "What is this place?" Percy asked, looking around. His concern had been replaced by confusion. Annabeth realized that Percy had never been to the bunker. The place had been discovered while he was missing, and after returning no one had thought to give him a tour of everything he missed. "It's…" Annabeth struggled to find the right words. It was a workshop, a Hephaestus hiding place. That was the simple answer. But the nights she had spent there had given the place so much meaning to her. Simply stating that it was a place for building could not possibly cover it. "Annabeth?" Percy was looking at her with concern once again. He must have thought she was slipping back into Tartarus. She pointed to the wide empty space in the bunker. "That's where we built the Argo. This place is old, a command center that belonged to the Hephaestus cabin. Used during war times like the civil war with the Romans. Leo found it. I used to come here during the night. I could never sleep, I was always worried about finding you. Working made me feel better. Leo invited me here, said it would be easier to work in a well-lit place with company. He was right." Percy sat next to her and pulled her into a hug. She let herself lean against him. "He was so much more complicated than he ever let on," she mused. "He'd been through so much but he hid everything, never shared his feelings. He used to tap, in Morse code. Just the same message to his mom over and over again. I love you. And he was brilliant, so brilliant. That ship is… unlike anything I have ever seen." She fell silent and when she spoke again her voice was barely more than a whisper. "I told him we'd be back. I remember it so clearly now. When we left the bunker before starting the quest. I told him we'd be back. And I was wrong." She closed her eyes. "I don't think we could have done it without him. Any of it." She opened her eyes and tapped out a message on the table, slowly, steadily, repeatedly. Thank you.