hold back. "I saw something this morning," Percy admitted. Zeus stilled and waited for Percy to continue. "I was making breakfast and then I saw Luke," he whispered. "He wasn't saying anything. He was just sitting on my table, staring at me. He looked so sad." Zeus knew it was a hallucination. One third of KLS patients had those or delusions. But it didn't mean that Percy wasn't seeing it and that it wouldn't affect him. "I want to go back to sleep now. At least I wasn't seeing anything then," Percy murmured, sounding sleepy. "Sleep then," Zeus reluctantly encouraged. And when Percy wouldn't wake up in the morning, he knew it was going to be another episode. "Thank you," Poseidon told him tiredly. "I wish I could be here more often, but there's so much for me to fix and finish. I'm tempted to throw it all at Triton so I could be here, if I didn't know that boy would just let everything fall apart." Zeus gave his brother a small quirk of lips. "Will he be out long this time, you think?" Poseidon continued carefully, watching his slumbering son with somber eyes. "I don't know," Zeus said honestly. "His episodes are sporadic. I'm hoping it won't be longer than a week, like last time." "Thank you for caring for once," Poseidon said suddenly. "It means a lot." "Sometimes I wish I didn't," Zeus confessed. "It would be so much easier if I didn't." "But you do," Poseidon said knowingly. "And I thank you for it." When Poseidon left, Zeus went back to Percy's bedside and stared down at the young man. "You won't be asleep for long this time," he predicted. "We'll go somewhere. I promise." And Percy woke up only three days later, to which Zeus took him skydiving. The bursts of laughter and the wide grins on his face was worth everything, and Zeus felt the anxious knot in his chest ease. This, he could do. He could make Percy happy. He could find ways to make him happy and everything will be alright. "Is things really alright?" Hera would ask later that day. "Why do you care?" Zeus grumbled irritably. "Wouldn't you rather turn him into a tree or something?" She rolled her eyes. "Fates no. I quite like him. At least he's not some shrew and he respects and adores his mother. Much more than my ungrateful brats. If he'd been my son…" she said, somewhat wistful. "He's getting worse," he admitted to his wife. "I don't know what to do for him. And he's losing so much of his life to this condition. How is he going to be able to experience everything life has to offer, if he can't even be awake to experience them? What if he grows old and dies first, before he can really be happy?" Hera idly fingered the bowl of apples on the table. "That wouldn't be fair at all," she agreed. "Our hero of heroes should have gotten the life he wanted." "He doesn't have it," Zeus glared down at the table. "So give it to him," Hera said firmly. "Even if it has to be in increments." She took one apple and replaced it with a familiar golden one. "He refused us last time," Zeus mused, observing the golden apple precariously. "He did," she acknowledged. "But things can change. Things have changed." She disappeared and Zeus was left with his thoughts and the glimmer of gold. "You look like you have a headache," Zeus noted, watching Percy as he massaged the temples of his head. "That obvious?" Percy gave him a familiar tired smile. "Head's been hurting. But that's part of the whole thing, right? I'll get used to it." There was a lot he had to get used to. Zeus gave a small smile and sat beside Percy on his bed. "You haven't had an episode for a while though," Zeus encouraged. "Just keep living day by day. Enjoy yourself when you can." He saw Percy suddenly shifting, slight fidgets that made Zeus cock his head to the side a little. "I've been having other issues lately too," Percy came clean, looking bothered. "I, um…" Zeus was completely caught off guard when Percy leaned in and kissed him. Soft lips that he'd dreamed out, the scent of wintergreen and strawberries…His senses were assaulted by all things Percy, and he pushed back slightly, moving his arms to hold Percy against him. "Percy, you know this is your –" "I know," Percy said quietly. "I read up with what I would have to deal with, and even if this is me being hypersexual, I still want you." So Zeus kissed him again, intending to show Percy that he meant it when he said he'd always be there when Percy woke up. And if afterwards, Zeus showed Percy the golden apple and asked the question without saying the words, it was just inevitable. "What if, even after I eat it, I'm still stuck with this?" Percy asked softly, staring at it in Zeus' hand. "Then you'll see me waiting for you when you wake up after every time, for all eternity," he promised. Percy gave a small smile and took the first bite. Started 6/23/15 – Completed 6/24/15 A/n: So, this is shorter than the other Grim Tales, but still long enough. And originally, this was supposed to be funny, but since I lost that muse and idea, it made this Grim Tale go on hiatus until I ran across KLS on The Doctors and decided I could use that for this story. As for my other PJO stories, I'll work on them when I can. Hope everyone liked this and please review! Also, coincidentally, I wrote this a few days ago (the first slash piece I've written in a long time) and planned to post it today –and now the Supreme Court has banned the anti-gay marriage laws all across the states! LOVE IS LOVE!