older boy clashed their lips together and kissed him deeply. His tongue was licking inside of his mouth sinfully, while Nico kept giving him the best hand job he had ever experienced. The sound of his hand moving inside of his pants was unequivocal. Whoever had heard it could have understood what was going on without actually seeing it. The kiss grew more passionate and soon Percy found himself biting hard on Nico's neck, inhaling his sweet scent. The younger boy smelled extremely good. His perfume was inebriating, like fresh cut roses. Percy buried his face between the boy's neck and collarbone, giving himself a bit more freedom to moan and pant. Nico's body muffled his voice slightly. His hand was jerking him off insanely fast. The American raised his hips, trying to find more friction. Nico sighed and grinned at the same time. "You could at least try to stay still, porca miseria *. This is not easy at all!" "Nico, holy fuck , shut your damn mouth or just wrap it around my dick. The choice is yours. But don't talk ." The Italian laughed slightly. "Are you close?" Percy moaned in response. He managed to nod, anyway. His grip around Nico's hand through the fabric tightened, confirming the fact. "Don't stop , not now, just don't ." "Calm the fuck down, I won't." Nico laughed again, realising he didn't only have won the round. He had won the entire competition. The younger boy began having cramps in his hand, but he tried to ignore them. He was massaging Percy's dick with long and studied strokes, wanting to make him come. "Do you have Kleenex? Percy... I'm talking to you." "Shut up. Fuck, fuck, fuck " "Maybe next time. Now you have to find some Kleenex or say goodbye to your labelled jeans!" Percy groaned and managed to grab his backpack with his left hand. With great difficulty, he found a tiny tissues package and basically threw it in Nico's lap. The boy stopped masturbating him to give him a killing a stare. "How the hell am I supposed to pull one out? I'm a bit busy down here." The American rolled his eyes and snorted. He grabbed a Kleenex from the package and kept it in his left hand, while Nico resumed his work. Since his hand was kinda hurting at that point, he began jerking Percy's dick off with renewed strength. The boy had to come soon or his hand was going to fall on the ground after that. Percy almost screamed. Nico was pulling his foreskin up and down again. And the older boy loved it . He came so hard that his grip in Nico's hair tightened, making the other hiss with a bit of pain. He was moaning obscenely. Nico stroked Percy's dick until he was sure he had ridden out his orgasm completely, and then he pulled his hand out from his jeans. It was covered in cum. In fact the American began cleaning the great mess in his boxers, still panting. Nico limited himself to wait for him to give him another Kleenex. When the situation seemed to look decent again, both boys were leaning comfortably against their seats. Percy was the first one to speak. "I'm not even going to try and steal your victory. You deserve it. I never came on an airplane." Nico chuckled and turned his face towards the boy. "You owe me one." "Definitely." The younger boy leaned his head on Percy's shoulder again, closing his eyes. They weren't even close to Italy. Several hours were waiting for them to spend together. The American hugged Nico and inhaled his scent once more. /Break/ [ Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Leonardo Da Vinci International Airport. Local time is 15:45 and the temperature is 32° Celsius. On behalf of American Airlines and the entire crew, I'd like to thank you for joining us on this trip and we are looking forward to seeing you on board again in the near future. Have a nice day and stay! ] "This Captain's voice sounds sexy, anyway. I was thinking about it when we were flying over the North Atlantic Ocean already." Nico laughed and glanced at Percy, while he was struggling to grab his hand luggage from the overhead locker. Eventually he had managed to get his stuff back from the economic class and spent the entire flight with the other boy. No one had told him anything about it. Nico was glad. "Percy, we spent most of the time flying over the North Atlantic Ocean." The American limited himself to shrug and grinned. "Whatever. So... are you seriously going to be a tour guide for me in Rome?" " Certo, ma solo se mi offri una pizza *." Percy widened his eyes in surprise. "You know I didn't understand a single fucking thing of what you said? Right? Apart from pizza." Nico laughed openly. "Of course I know! I said that you have to take me out for a pizza if you want me to be your tour guide. Done deal?" The American grinned mischievously at him and glanced at Nico's ass, while both of them were directing themselves to the airplane exit. "I'll do more than that, believe me..." Nico turned around and winked at him. " Benvenuto in Italia, tesoro* !" FINE * Cazzo = fuck. * Merda = shit. * Università la Sapienza = Sapienza University (of Rome); 'sapienza' means wisdom. One of the biggest universities of Italy, anyway. * Porca miseria = literally 'dirty misery'. In Italian it makes sense LOL. Something around the lines of "holy shit". * Certo, ma solo se mi offri una pizza = Of course, but only if you buy/offer me a pizza. * Benvenuto in Italia, tesoro = Welcome to Italy, my treasure. /NOTE/ Thank you for reading this! If you have any problem with the Italian in this, please tell me. I'll explain! Hope you liked it :)