winked at him mischievously. "Listen. I talked to Nico," as he said those words, Jason planted his sword into the ground, "he is not happy. But I have an idea. What are you willing to lose?" Percy raised an eyebrow with surprise. He wasn't expecting Jason to know about the disagreement he had with Nico. "For my boyfriend? Anything." Jason clapped his hands happily. "Oh! Even your dignity? Perfect. Are you ready to hear my idea?" Percy smirked and nodded with renewed hope. The morning after, Nico woke up with the sensation that something was going wrong. The windows of his cabin were covered with some weird length of cloth, blocking the sunlight and creating a pretty dark atmosphere in the room – more than usual, anyway. Unluckily, it was a full spring and sunny day, so all that darkness was pretty unexpected for the boy. "What the...," Nico whispered to himself, as he got up from the bed to direct himself outside his cabin. When he opened the door, his head hit a giant sheet that was apparently hanging from the roof of the cabin. Cursing not so quietly, he tossed the length of cloth away from his head and stumbled with his bare feet down the stairs of his deck and then on the grass, finally turning around and glancing at the frontage of Hades' cabin. Nico's mouth widened with pure shock as he put a hand on his forehead to protect his eyes from the sun. The sheet wasn't a sheet. There were at least six white sheets perfectly sewn together – a demigod from Athena's cabin probably did that – and the enormous block of cloth was completely covering the front façade of the small building. A giant writing was on them, probably written with a spry can. It was blue. "Oh my Gods ," Nico covered his mouth with his free hand, as a smile slowly and shamelessly grew on his face. A little crowd of people had reunited behind him, and everybody was now giggling or aweing at the sweetness. Nico could hear Drew Tanaka gasping in pure delight. " GOOD MORNING CAMP HALF-BLOOD. MY NAME IS PERSEUS JACKSON AND I'VE BEEN A GIANT ASSHOLE TO MY BOYFRIEND. THIS IS MY WAY TO APOLOGIZE. SINCE I HURT HIM A LOT, I'M GONNA EMBARRASS MYSELF IN FRONT OF EVERYONE AS A REPAYMENT: SOMETIMES AT NIGHT, WHEN I THINK ABOUT MY BOYFRIEND, I FEEL SO HAPPY THAT I START CRYING. I I-MESSAGE MY MOM AT 4 AM BECAUSE I CAN'T STOP CRYING. I AM A DUMBASS. AND I ASK MYSELF EVERYDAY WHY NICO DI ANGELO SHOULD LOVE ME. I STILL CAN'T FIGURE IT OUT. NOW THAT I AM DONE, I WISH YOU ALL A VERY HAPPY DAY." When a hand appeared from nowhere on Nico's shoulder, the boy turned around. Jason was holding a mug full of coffee, smiling happily at the sheets hanging from the roof. "You know," he pointed at Hades' cabin, "that is by far the most dumb thing that I did with my flying powers." "You... you helped Percy doing this?" Nico asked uncertain. "Yup. I couldn't stand that small pout on your face anymore. It surely is cute, but you're cuter when you smile." Nico blushed slightly, biting his lower lip. He was struggling a real lot to hold a wide smile. Percy Jackson was absolutely crazy. A sweet kind of crazy. "Okay. Well. I think that we're fine now." "Do you want a help to get rid of that ?" Jason pointed his mug at the giant writing again. Nico smirked mischievously, raising an eyebrow at Jason. "Nah. I'll leave it there for a week at least. It's a masterpiece." Jason laughed loudly and Nico turned towards his cabin again, smiling happily. /Break/ When Nico opened his cabin's door a couple of hours later, he found Percy shyly smiling at him with an ice cream in each hand. "Ehm... nectar ice cream. The most delicious thing ever." Nico raised an eyebrow at him sarcastically, crossing his arms on his chest teasingly. "Not if nectar tastes like lasagne for you." "What?! Really?," Percy blushed furiously, glancing around him to check if there was a trash can somewhere. Nico chuckled amusedly and grabbed an ice cream from Percy's hands. "I'm gonna eat it anyway." Percy frowned. " Lasagne flavoured ice cream? It doesn't sound so good to me." The son of Hades shrugged. The sheets hanging from the roof kept stoking against Percy's head. "Whatever. It's all right." Percy uncertainly offered him his free hand for Nico to hold it. "Want to take a walk? So we can talk." Nico shook his head, smiling fondly. "We have nothing to talk about. I'm fine. We're fine." He grabbed his hand. "Let's just walk." As Percy laid closer, Nico smiled dumbly and closed his eyes, letting his boyfriend kiss him under the dim light sneaking through the sheets. It felt like their kiss was a sweet secret. Just Percy and him, hid from everybody. Nico wrapped his arms around Percy's neck, being careful not to make his ice cream fall on the deck. "I love you, Jackson." Percy stroked his cheek fondly with his thumb. "I love you, my angel." They kissed again, not aware of the fact that from the other side the sheets were basically transparent. Jason giggled mischievously as Annabeth took a photo with her tablet from the distance. The blond boy turned his face to look at her, frowning in amusement. "What was that for?" "Sorry. Hazel," the girl answered, zooming on the image and chuckling to herself. "And my blog." Jason nodded appreciatively, biting the green apple he had in his hand and looking at Nico and Percy again. The son of Hades let his ice cream drop on the floor and aggressively grabbed Percy's shirt to drag his boyfriend inside his cabin. Jason sighed thoroughly, leaning with an arm on Annabeth's shoulder. "All's well that ends well!" FINE