reading a note that said that... Oh Gods, it said that the Prince wanted to marry me. What is wrong with me?" The two looked at each other, both raising their eyebrows at almost the same time. Piper was the first one to speak. "Yes, about this... I have received the order five minutes ago to send you back to the palace. The King wants to see you." Nico stared at her in shock and almost passed out again. He managed to look presentable and literally threw himself out of the Concubines' Apartment. He began running without even noticing it. The front guards looked at him in a weird way. Nico knew he was a complete mess, thank you very much. He didn't need their judging gazes. When he reached for the conference room, and before he could have slammed the doors open, the King's secretary and usher stopped him. "Ehy! What do you think you're doing?! You just can't show up into a room if their Majesties the King and the Prince are inside!" Nico quivered. Lord Percy was there too? The boy didn't know what to think. The Prince wanted to marry him, how did it happened? And did want Nico to marry him as well? The memory of the latest weeks came to his mind in a flash. Nico wasn't considering his luck. One of the most beautiful and important members of the Royal Family loved him so much to ask to his Majesty the King for his hand. This could have changed his whole life. He could have helped his mother and repaid her for all the sacrifices she had done for him. Nico thought about his father and Bianca. In his wildest dreams, they were with him in that moment, enjoying his luck and happiness. He missed them so much. The boy took a deep breath with his decision. He did want to marry his Majesty the Prince Perseus Jackson. He could easily imagine himself by his side, taking the Fertility Cider and having a family together. That was a possibility he couldn't deny to himself. Nico's train of thoughts got interrupted by the doors opening apparently on their own. Lord Grace was looking at him with a raised eyebrow. He was grinning. "Mr. di Angelo, good morning. Were you planning on planting a tent here?" The boy blushed. He didn't realised he was standing there since an embarrassing amount of minutes. And of course, someone had warned the King that a crazy scrawny boy almost slammed himself against the doors. "No, My Lord. I'm sorry." Lord Grace smiled in response and made him a sign to follow him inside. To welcome him, Nico found his Majesty the King in the flesh, standing with a hand on his sword and the other on his hip. He had a eyebrow dangerously raised. Behind his back, Lord Percy was apparently ignoring everyone and eating an apple, comfortably laying on a blue couch. Nico bowed at his presence with courtesy. "Mr. di Angelo. You've been here for nine weeks and you're already causing me troubles with my son." Nico held his breath, fearing the consequences of the situation. "... That's a record, I have to admit it. Anyway, since I've resigned to the fact that our Majesty the Prince over there"- and he waved at his son with a hand - "is not going to marry a girl, I gave him the permission to marry you." Lord Percy finally managed to remember where he was and turned his face to smile at Nico. He winked at him and got up. The King looked while his son approached the boy. Without any warning or a word, he grabbed Nico's waist and ceremoniously kissed him in front of everyone. The Prince could feel his father rolling his eyes even if he couldn't see it. When they parted with a wet noise – a noise that made blush everyone within 200 metres –, the King sighed. "I think we all got it, Percy. Thank you for the show." Nico leaned his hands on Lord Percy's chest and shyly smiled. "Marrying you will be the greatest happiness of my life, Lord Percy." The Prince looked at him with deep admiration – and a high amount of desire, too. And he grinned, of course. "Nah, Lord Percy sounds to pompous. You can call me Perce. Fancy it?" The boy laughed and turned his face to glance at the King. Yes, he was rolling his eyes. After the wedding was announced, Nico asked the Prince to have Leo Valdez as his personal secretary and usher. He also asked the permission to send a letter to his mother with some money inside to give her. Lord Percy did more, he required her direct transfer to the Palace Court in three days. When Annabeth heard the great news, she left a note on the Concubines' Apartments' table and then climbed the Palace gates during the night. The note said "I'm so done with this shit. I'm joining the Royal Army, don't look for me. AC.". Lord Percy just shrugged when Lord Grace told him that. The girl was tough. With her in their army, the King didn't have to worry about wars that much. Piper and Lord Grace finally married exactly one year later the Prince's wedding. Everyone was present. The King himself gifted the couple with a small property on the County of the North Sea. Nico found himself happier than ever. With her mother by his side, a good friend and a Prince as his husband, his life really looked like a fairy tale. Staring outside of the window, the snow falling down calmly on the trees and the lake, the boy smiled. Warm arms wrapped around his waist and a hot pair of lips kissed him on the neck. "Does my prince want to come to bed with me?" Nico turned around in Lord Percy's arms and chuckled. "Your prince surely does." FINE