son gave him. He pursed his lips and looked away in denial. "Go to your room! I will think about your request ." There was clear hesitation, and the young boy wondered if his plea would really be considered . But sensing that saying anymore might damage any chances, Nico bowed his head and ran to his room, knowing that he had done all he can and more. If Zeus was scary when he heard about him, he was even scarier in his ten feet form, glowering down at the young Di Angelo as he gulped nervously, seriously rethinking his so called 'smart decision'. "You are fourteen?" Zeus asked in a loud booming voice. Nico wanted to say, "Uh, yes." But unfortunately, all that came out was a squeak of affirmation. "And you wish to become immortal, looking like this ." And this was referring to Nico's current stature, thin arms and legs. The child of the Underworld frowned and he was about to say, "Hey!" But Zeus' glare cut his temporary courage in half and he settled with a nod. Although he had heard that by turning immortal his looks would increase exponentially and he would grow into his arms and legs without looking quite so awkward anymore, so Zeus really had nothing to complain about. Also, he was the one giving up the thought of growing up. And he was doing the gods a favor by being turned so early. That way they don't have to worry about the child of the Prophecy being him. Zeus let out a long suffering sigh as he held up his hand. "Very well, we shall grant this blessing upon you." He said the word as though asking why you ? And he raised his hand towards Nico's direction, the other gods following his example. "Nico Di Angelo." Hermes said as he and the other gods focused their powers onto the young black-haired boy that looked quite scared out of his wits. "From this day onwards, you will be known as the immortal heir to your father's realm and a respected Prince of the Olympus council." The boy turned to his father who gave him an encouraging nod. The teen nodded and closed his eyes waiting for the inevitable. And just like that, a bright light shone and enveloped the young teenager as Nico felt a searing pain burn across his skin. And with those words and pain, Nico Di Angelo, formerly a normal demigod child of Hades, knew no more. She was there when he woke up. His older sister, Bianca Di Angelo, although she looked younger now, especially with her hair down like that. Also, there was the fact that she became a hunter at the age of twelve, the same age that Lady Artemis chose to mold her appearance to. That realization made Nico's heart burn with a familiar pain as he blinked back the burning feeling in his eyes. His sister smiled at him. She smiled like everything was fine, as though she didn't pledge herself to a life away from him, as though she didn't abandon him. "You're finally awake, my prince." At those words, the young Di Angelo sat up and edged away from the hunter with narrowed black eyes. He scowled at her, "Bianca. What are you doing here?" Bianca frowned and then she spoke in the big sister tone that always annoyed him, but now it just burned him with anger, especially since Bianca actually thinks that she could still be his big sister after leaving him just like that. "Lady Artemis gave me permission to watch your road down to immortality! Don't be so rude Nico, you should be thankful I'm here." "You left me alone." Nico said in a sad tone that made Bianca's eyes snap towards him. "Then you come back, but then I know you'll leave again. That's not something I should be happy about Bianca. You chose a life that purposely left me out!" "Nico..." Bianca said, her expression morphing into one of guilt. "I-" "We could've been together now!" Nico said, his eyes wide with betrayal. "You and I, princess and prince of father's realm! Of Olympus! We were going to help dad get a throne in Olympus! We were going to show the other demigods that Hades' children were just as good as uncle Zeus' and uncle Poseidon's!" Black eyes were filled with tears as Bianca breathed in sharply. "You were going to stay beside me. You promised you were never going to leave me..." There was silence as Bianca looked down at the floor, her eyes teary and her fists white knuckled on her lap. Suddenly she took a deep breath, saying the only words she could think of at the moment, "I'm sorry Nico. I'm- I'm sorry." Before Nico could say anything, the door to the room he was staying in, opened. A hunter of Artemis came in. Someone named Zoe. She looked at Nico with a scowl before turning to Bianca. "Lady Artemis sent me to get you. It's time to leave." Bianca's face fell and she looked at Nico who turned his sight to the window. "I should leave now." "You should." Nico said in a loud voice, his emotions overwhelming him. He closed his eyes. Bianca looked at the other in open hurt, before she stood up and bowed at Nico's direction. When she passed by Zoe, the other girl did the same but with pursed lips. "We'll be leaving then." Zoe said, as she closed the door gently, leaving Nico by himself. The now immortal child, hugged his knees to his chest biting his lips in frustration. This was his start to a long forever. Author's note: Edit version of Chapter I. Nothing of importance was edited, it was an attempt to make the characters more IC. Hope it is to your liking, mistakes are lesser too. The next chapter is about Thalia, forty years later after Nico's descent into immortality.