giving him. Then, he put a hand on his head and grabbed his hair, making sure his boyfriend was looking at him directly in the eyes. He went serious. "Suck it." Nico shivered at Percy's tone of voice. It was low and warm, but firm. It meant he wasn't going to accept any protest. So, without any objection, Nico closed his eyes and sucked the tip of Percy's dick in his mouth. He felt the grip on his hair tightening, followed by a long moan. The son of Poseidon took his hand off from the wall to grab the base of his cock. He guided it deeper inside Nico's mouth, giving him the rhythm. The younger boy let him do what he wanted and leaned his hands on Percy's hip. The older boy began thrusting inside his mouth sinfully and moaning obscenely. Nico felt his dick stroking almost in his throat, but he managed not to choke. Percy was face fucking him with ardour and had his mouth opened in a constant silent moan. "You suck it so good ." Nico hummed around his cock, sending vibrations along Percy's shaft and making him moan even louder. Percy threw his head back and screamed, letting go of the base of his dick to put both his hands on Nico's cheeks. He used his thumbs to tighten the passage inside the boy's mouth, so that he could feel them sliding against his dick through the skin. "It's so wet. I love it, babe." Percy thrust inside Nico's mouth for a few minutes. His pace had quickened and the younger boy was struggling hard not to give up. He knew Percy was a slut for receiving blow jobs, being his favourite sexual practice, so he wanted to do it good for him. With the help of all his willpower, Nico began deepthroating Percy's dick in the best way he could, massaging his balls in the process. In fact, Percy completely lost his mind and made the tip of his cock repeatedly rub directly into Nico's throat. "How the fuck do you do this? Oh Gods ... So damn good, so perfect..." Percy moaned loudly while he stroked Nico's hair fondly. The son of Hades really wanted to smile or thank him, but he was a little occupied at the moment. He knew his boyfriend was about to cum. The bitter taste of his pre-cum on his tongue was a good indication of it. Since he was feeling his jaw going sore, he decided it could have been a good thing to make Percy finally come. He sucked his dick all the way up from the base to the head, letting go of it with a wet noise that made him blush. Nico swirled his tongue around the tip, while pumping his dick in his fist. Percy groaned low and made his hands travel from Nico's head to his shoulders in order to give him more room for his movements. The son of Hades smirked. Percy was on a completely different planet at the moment. "On my face or in my throat?" The older boy moaned at Nico's words. " Shit , in your throat." Nico nodded and swallowed Percy's dick again, sucking hard. One of his hands was caressing his balls, while the other was jerking him off at the base. The older boy's hands urgently flew again at Nico's head, making him understand he was about to come. In fact, his moans and pleas were growing louder and graceless. "I'll cum, babe... I'm- for fuck's sake !" Percy came deep inside Nico's throat with a scream. The younger boy didn't stop sucking and swallowed his cum with practice. When he was sure the majority of his boyfriend's hot seed was already down his throat, he slid his dick out from his mouth and began licking the cum off it. With a satisfied smirk, Nico stood up again. He used his thumb and index finger to clean the angles of his mouth and winked at the other boy teasingly. Percy smirked back at the sight. When the son of Poseidon managed to look presentable – meaning that he had his dick back in his pants again -, he kissed Nico fondly, caressing his waist with love. "Do you... you know, do you need a hand yourself?" Nico chuckled against his lips, but then he shook his head. "No, I'm fine. I don't feel all right doing it here." Percy just nodded and took the younger boy's hand in his. They went back to the table where the son of Poseidon was just a few minutes before. The boys froze on the spot. Jason Grace was sitting on Percy's chair, an eyebrow dangerously raised and a knowing smile on his face. "Nice weather today, for being October. Isn't it?" The son of Poseidon rolled his eyes and grabbed the chair in front of him to sit down. Nico limited himself to blush and resumed his previous work with the books, organising them on the shelves. "Yeah, not bad. Seems like Zeus is in a good mood." Percy said, wiggling his eyebrows in a teasing way towards the son of Jupiter. Jason smirked. "You completely forgot about the fact that we had sword practice exactly twenty minutes ago, right?" Percy's grin faded immediately at the realisation and he got up with urgency. " Shit !" "I supposed so." "Okay, let's go. I'm so sorry." Jason laughed, shaking his head mockingly. "Bro, it's fine. But now we have to go." He then turned around and winked at Nico. "He'll be yours again in a couple of hours, Ghost King." The son of Hades blushed, but managed to smile. "Keep an eye on him. He's a public danger." Percy raised his middle finger at his boyfriend and before he could have said anything, Jason grabbed his wrist and dragged him outside the library. Nico blew the dust off a book and then smiled, thinking about Percy. FINE