slapping sound. Eventually, Percy stopped thrusting for the exhaustion. Nico was caressing his hair with a dumb smile. "You are wild." Percy began giggling uncontrollably, and what had started with a giggle soon transformed into laughter, which infected Nico seconds later. They were laughing together, one against the other, sweating and breathing heavily. They had never felt happier. /Break/ Percy yawned openly, opening the door of his room with a toothbrush at hand. He almost smacked his head on the floor when he stumbled into someone sleeping in the corridor. "What the fuck, Jason ?!" Jason gasped loudly as he woke up, a tiny puddle of drool on the ground. "Earthquake?!" "No, dumbass! Can you please tell me why the hell did you sleep in the corridor?!" Percy widened his eyes in shock and observed his friend standing with slight difficulty. "Aho. That was a bad idea," he massaged his butt. " By the way , I didn't come in because you were supposedly having sex with someone. You could have at least warned me. I could find a place for the night." "Jason, I haven't seen you for a whole day and a whole night. You could find me here studying, yesterday. For the whole fucking day." Percy crossed his arms on his chest. "So, what the hell are you talking about?" " Ah ! You were studying , you said!" Jason pointed his finger at Percy's chest. "You prick , I let you alone after breakfast because you were brooding over di Angelo, and you were basically about to explode, so I supposed you wanted some time on your own. Okay, fine . I went to the gym, practised, studied in the library. I did a lot of things, okay ?!" Percy bit his lip, trying not to laugh. " Then , it's fucking 9 in the fucking evening, okay? I decide that maybe twelve fucking hours on your own – worrying about why you didn't even text me, by the way – were enough. I come to our room, ready to spend another night with you crying on my shoulder. What I hear?! Moans , various screams of various intensity, and well ! Sorry if it's late and I don't want to interrupt your wild sex session which, in brackets, is disgusting since you've been stressing me the fuck out for weeks about how much you love Nico di Angelo! Disgusting , Percy! Who did you fuck for a day straight?!" Percy took a deep breath, his arms still crossed. "Are you done?" Jason glared at him. " No . There's something else! You shouldn't have sex on the rebound because you feel lonely, and betrayed and whatever. It's not healthy! I let you alone, okay, maybe you were stressed. But go back to your room and tell that poor stranger you're sorry for using him. Then you're gonna tell Nico what you did, and you're gonna apologize for treating him like this! That guy has been crushing on you for ages, practising with you and that's how you-" "What is going on here? Jason, why are you screaming like an imbecile at 7 in the morning? You probably just woke the whole building up." Jason paled on the spot, trying to ignore Percy's satisfied grin. Nico di Angelo was holding the door of their room opened, wearing exclusively a pair of black boxers and having a few hickeys on his neck that could have been seen from space. "... Nico. Hi. You came back from Italy." Nico nodded in confusion. "Yeah. And you've gone mad in the meanwhile." "No. Listen. There was a misunderstanding between my roommate and I. I slept in the corridor, okay?" Percy began giggling. Nico raised an eyebrow at Jason, totally unimpressed. "Why?" "... Um. Didn't want to interrupt anything , last night." Jason smiled awkwardly. "I still don't get why you started screaming." Nico crossed his arms on his chest, copying Percy's posture. Jason blushed. "I didn't know it was you . I got mad." "Oh." Nico smiled knowingly. " Now I get it. Protecting my honour or something." Jason nodded in embarrassment, and Percy patted him on a shoulder. "I'm gonna brush my damn teeth. Are you happy with it or you're gonna scold me?" Nico chuckled as Percy disappeared down the corridor. He looked at Jason with gratitude. "Thank you. Did you really believe Percy could do something like that?", he asked him in worry, trying to understand the entity of Jason's anger. Jason widened his eyes, raising his hands in defence to his best friend. " No . Absolutely not. He's not the type, believe me. I just supposed he was suffering and did something stupid. People who are suffering tend to do that." Nico's shoulders relaxed. "Oh. Okay. Good. By the way, you're a drama queen. My compliments." Jason bowed with reverence. "Coming from you, it's an honour." They laughed. /Break/ The audience stood up simultaneously as everyone clapped their hands in wonder. Some people were whistling in appreciation, other were throwing roses and bouquets of flowers on the stage. Percy hold Nico tighter against him in a third position, locking his eyes with his as they sparkled brighter than ever. Nico was supporting himself on one leg, with the other leg extended behind him. They were smiling at each other, enjoying that applause which was made exclusively for them. They were on stage together. Percy didn't know if that was reality or a dream, but they were together and so didn't matter. The darkness of the theatre surrounded them as they had just finished their ballet, the only source of light coming from the spotlight pointing at them. Percy relaxed from his position, and so did Nico. They kissed deeply as the sound of clapping hands decreased of volume until it disappeared. The wet noise of their lips separating echoed in the now empty space of the theatre. The spotlight went out. FINE Scusa = sorry.