He wasn't sure what the Empusa's game was, but he was willing to play along. He brought out a few pieces; a pendant, two rings, and a tiara. Surprise surprise, the Empusa grabbed the tiara first. "The stones are fire opal." Nico said, smirking a little, "I thought that would be appropriate." The Empusa placed the tiara on her head and then looked into a mirror on the wall, "So where is your so called business partner?" she asked in a bored tone as she fixed her makeup in the mirror. Nico shrugged, "Out getting a few things." he said, hoping it were true. Fire again flared out from underneath the Empusa's hair. That answer wasn't good enough, "When's he going to be back?" "I don't know." Nico shrugged again. He used his peripheral vision to spot Antonio, who had moved from the closet and was now against the wall, searching for a weapon. Nico heard the front door of the shop lock, "Well I'll just wait here with you until he comes back." she said, trying on the other pieces of jewelry. "How's he going to get in if you locked the door?" "That's just for the mortals." The Empusa said with another flare, "He can come in when he arrives." "What if he doesn't?" Nico knew Percy rarely visited him in the store. They could be sitting there for a long time. "If he's not here within an hour, I'll just have to kill you by yourself and get him later, but that's just so much more work." a chill ran down Nico's spine as she smiled, "Of course, maybe I should do that anyway. Putting Percy in pain twice could be fun." she flipped her hair again and it all turned into strands of flame. The tiara glowed orange as the fire heated the metal on top of her head. Nico ducked behind the display case just in time for her to smash it with both fists. He popped out from the wreckage and lunged at her, feeling the burn as her hair hit his face. He took a second to look at where Antonio had been standing and he was no longer there. The Empusa kicked him with her bronze leg and he didn't have time to figure out where the boy had gone. When she made to kick him again Nico grabbed the leg and twisted it. A bolt fell out from somewhere, but didn't weaken the Empusa at all. As they fought Nico saw things in his shop catching fire. No turning back now. The flames seemed to grow with the Empusa's anger. Nico was thrown to the ground and the Empusa leered over him, opening her mouth wide to display long sharp fangs. She was just about to sink her teeth into his throat when her head suddenly fell onto his shoulder and continued to roll across the floor. Nico looked up and saw Percy standing there with Riptide. He also saw that part of the ceiling was ready to smash his hero. "Percy, move!" he screamed and Percy obeyed just in time for a piece of ceiling to fall on top of Nico and the Empusa's body before the body turned into dust. Luckily that had protected Nico enough that Percy could quickly dig him out. As soon as he was standing Nico pushed the other man toward the back to the staircase which led up to their home. Percy kicked in the door and then promptly tripped; the vinyl tiles were curling from the heat, and the adhesive underneath had melted into a slippery mess. Nico pulled him up and told him to grab his backpack and to quickly pack anything he needed. Meanwhile Nico grabbed his own full backpack and then stuffed the map inside before raiding the kitchen for food and other various supplies. He heard Percy call his name and looked over to see that the floor had collapsed between them. Thinking fast, Nico ran into the pantry and used the shadow to reappear in the bedroom closet. He grabbed Percy and shadowed down to a corner in a nearby store. Both men watched in horror as Nico's shop and home were completely engulfed in flames. Nico frantically looked around for Antonio, and found him standing with his father. Antonio sensed the stare and waved. Nico then knew that he and his father were going to take care of things, and Antonio was telling him to leave now. "Come on." Nico said, taking out the map and holding out his hand for his boyfriend, "We have to go." "Wait." Percy said, running back toward the shop. Nico's heart just about jumped out of his throat until he saw Percy standing near a hydrant. The son of Poseidon gave Nico a look and the smaller man knew exactly what to do. After the son of Hades had knocked everyone out within a certain radius Percy used his power to bust open the hydrant and move the water toward the flames, which had started to burn the connecting shops. He doused the building thouroughly enough that the fire wouldn't spread. Nico's shop was too far gone by that point and they had to leave a bit of a distraction for everyone when Nico woke them up. Percy was still watching the building as it began to collapse into itself and the newly awakened neighbors watched too. He tripped as Nico dragged him down some stairs. He looked ahead and all he saw was darkness; he couldn't even tell where the stairs ended. He squeezed Nico's hand tighter, placing all of his trust in the boy as the darkness engulfed them. *Hey, long time no read, eh? I was having a lot of formatting issues, but I think it's still readable. I hope it hasn't been too long since the last Blackness sequel. I have about 4 chapters completed, so hopefully there won't be too long between each chapter for posting.*