tour from now on with my father. Hopefully, we're going to work happily all-" Jason's mouth dried in an instant when he noticed a certain black-haired boy chuckling in his direction from the distance. "-all t-together." He swallowed hard. Percy was one of his interns. Zeus crossed his hands behind his back. "Wonderful. Now, let's go upstairs." The small group began walking, following Zeus Grace towards the elevator. Percy was right behind them when Jason's carefully grabbed his wrist and dragged him behind a vending machine. No one was looking at them. "What the fuck are you doing here?!" He whispered to him, a few millimetres from the boy's face. Percy waved his notebook at him. "Internship," he winked mischievously, " boss ." Jason scratched his head nervously. "Percy. How... how old are you?" "I'm eighteen." The bastard was grinning even wider. "What..." Jason paled. "You're... oh my God . I thought you were at least twenty- something ! Oh my God, oh my- the Soda !" Percy frowned in confusion. "What's wrong with the Soda? It tastes good and-" "Shut the hell up! It's not for the Soda. You're eighteen . Like, years old! Eighteen ." "Stop repeating it. Gosh. So what? I am legal." "But- this is -I don't-" Jason raised his hands at the boy to calm down his own muttering. "Okay. When's your birthday?" " Oh . I see. First you fuck me into oblivious. Then you ask me questions about myself." Percy crossed his arms on his chest and chuckled. "How rude." "Percy, fucking answer me." Percy shrugged. "August 18th. Why?" Jason paled even more. "You're saying... you're saying that you turned eighteen two months ago?!" "Pretty much." Jason grabbed his head in his hands. He felt like he was going to faint. "Oh my God, I fucked a teenager." Percy chuckled. "You're so dramatic. No one is going to arrest you." "Yeah okay but- fucking hell , I'm almost thirty! Why the heck didn't you tell me?!" Jason was trying really hard not to shout. "It wasn't important." He kept grinning with amusement. "That's not even- fuck . We gotta go, but we have to talk. Lunch starts at 1 pm. Be in my office at that time. Don't let anyone see you coming here. My office is on this floor, end of the corridor. Left." Percy wiggled an eyebrow at him mischievously. "Oh. Someone's thirsty ." " Disappear from my sight . Go to the fucking elevator." Percy chuckled, but he did how he was told. Jason stared at him while he reached the small group. The students were waiting for the elevator to come back to their floor. They were too much to go upstairs all together. Percy carefully turned around and winked at him from the distance, chuckling at Jason's reaction. The young man had widened his eyes in shock. /Break/ Jason gasped in surprise when someone knocked on his door. He was so concentrated on his work on the laptop that he had almost forgotten about... well, about everything. "Come in!," he shouted. The door opened and Percy's head appeared in the room, a wide grin on his face. "Knock knock. I have lunch." Jason raised his head and hurried to stand up and drag Percy inside. He closed the door and locked it, grabbing the sandwiches from Percy's hand and unkindly leaving them on his desk. The boy was chuckling. "There's nothing to laugh about." "I think there is. You've been extremely impolite, anyway. I paid for those sandwiches!" Percy pointed at the food on Jason's desk. "It's mayonnaise, salad, tomatoes and chicken. And I'm starving." "Ah. Thank you. Yes. Percy... if someone finds out about us, you could probably get fired immediately." Percy crossed his arms on his chest. " Fired ? What the fuck! It's my first day!" "That's not the point . The Grace Group could-" "What?," Percy raised an eyebrow at him sarcastically. "You guys build palaces, you're a bunch of architects and engineers with a lot of money and a shit ton of properties in San Francisco. The Grace Group what ? Nothing would happen. Absolutely nothing. You basically bought the whole city. You own the fucking hospital, Jason!" "Technically, my father owns-" "Fuck your father!" Jason frowned. What a terrible image. "We just had sex! Great sex. Amazing sex. I rode a millionaire, so what?" "Again. Technically, I was on t-" "Yes. Okay, I'm lazy. You were on top. My point is-" Percy's grabbed a sandwich. "It's not a big deal. And no one 's gonna fire me. You own the Group! If someone's going to fire me, that's you ." Jason frowned in confusion. Damn . He had a point. "Oh." "Right," Percy chewed his sandwich. " Oh . Now eat. Food here is fucking expensive." "But interns have the access to food stamps. Didn't they give you any this morning?" Percy glanced over the room awkwardly. "... I was late." "Right." Jason chuckled, rubbing his eyes tiredly. He then fell on the futon he had in his office. Since he was a single, sad and lonely co-manager of an important firm in San Francisco, he slept in there very often. The futon was essential for him – and for his back in the morning. Percy sat next to him, handling the man the other sandwich. "C'mon. Eat. How long does lunch break last?" "An hour and a half." The boy grinned. "Great. We have time for dessert ." Jason chuckled when Percy winked at him. "You're dangerous," he said. Percy shrugged distractedly and rolled his eyes. Jason chuckled again, "I like that." "Do you?" Jason unkindly put his sandwich away and dragged Percy on his lap. The boy grinned and kissed him, straddling him immediately. Jason began pushing him down against the futon, while he grabbed his perfect ass possessively. That was going to be a long and interesting internship, after all. FINE 1st part /Note/ Next update tomorrow evening CEST!