will try to reach out to this more closed off Percy and she'll appreciate and be more fond of him after, especially once she herself starts loosening up. However, I wanted to put more minor characters in the spotlight, so Percy will have a more different set of friends, especially with age being a cause. For now, I have plans for Clarisse, Silena, and Thalia (especially Thalia) to have more active roles. Now for the "I'm above you" attitude. Percy isn't in the active hero role in this fic, as canon Percy. She's more of an anti-hero. She's reluctant to help anyone or do anything. She's easily irritated. She lashes out and becomes impatient easily, hence why she snaps at people easily. It's not "I'm above you", it's her attitude problem. She has social issues and tends to be awkward to the point where she doesn't think about what she says and does can have an effect. I think I've made a point in this fic to show, because of her issues, that she's highly an angry sort and easy to set off. This is not canon Percy, again. And Son of Neptune is so far off is this story, that especially with not being canon, this Percy is way not at that point. I upped the ages, not the development, so this Percy still has a long ways to go from being that Percy. As for Luke being too dependent, I agree on this solely on the fact that I haven't been able to show Luke's progression and his mindset while Percy was gone. Unlike canon Luke, Percy and him have a stronger bond due to their extremely close views on their parents (unlike in canon), their romantic tension, and because Luke here has actually managed to let himself get too close to someone that it's distracting him from his goals (fatally so, if you know what I mean :)). That's why the next chapter is really hard to write because it's from Luke, about Luke, and his descent. His attitude will make even more sense then. It's not canon, therefore things that have been changed with have a ripple effect and change things, attitudes, and whatever else in accordance to correspond to those changes and keep things consistent. Now the Mary Sue part, because THAT actually irritates me. People REALLY have forgotten what a Mary Sue is over time. A Mary Sue is the epitome of perfect –they have good looks, can do anything and do it perfectly, can do or say nothing wrong, has everyone falling for her BUT she is happy about it and falls in love with them all back and is happy about it (or whatever), and has no flaws whatsoever and gets everything and anything she wants. THAT is a Mary Sue. Percy is highly flawed, even more than canon Percy. She's irritable, untrusting, highly combative to everyone (her mother being the only exception), as stated doesn't think about her friends, doesn't think about consequences about some things, even a little more than arrogant, triggered easily by the mention of her dad (and now the Olympian gods), too impatient and aggressive, etc. Every male falling for her is not a sign of Mary Sue –it's classic anime tradition, especially in reverse harems. That is the style I tend to write in. I like anime. I like the humor in it, and I like a lot of stuff in anime. The every male falling for her is for the humor –it's played up, just like it is in anime, and it's only serious when it needs to be. It's not a crime for that to happen, or for a girl to have beauty (Percy's not ultimately beautiful above all girls, like an actual Mary Sue is), wits (which should be something of a good thing, as most characters aren't written with it), and charm/etc. (which should be an amusing or good aspect when it's written well). These are actual traits in anime/reverse!harems and actual tropes, and what I usually write as because I've been heavily influence by anime and it's seeped into my writing. If this bothers you, then you might actually just stop reading. I like the way Percy's character so far. She's a flawed being that can grow. She will be such a character until I say so, because it's unrealistic to suddenly make her into something else. She WILL be going through character development, but that's something that takes time, which is not something that has been written up for her yet. She's NOT at these points, so it's unfair to judge her and compare to Percy of canon in this way. She hasn't had trials that should humble her, and she hasn't seen real teamwork work out for her yet (nor had her walls come down and allowed her to see it can). She's not loyal to anyone because she doesn't want to be and hasn't yet seen the point of it. She'll become loyal when she's finally gets there. The point is, she's an angry girl that needs time and actual confrontations of issues that she's kept as chips off her shoulder for a long time, that's she's bitterly held onto. Until she's come to terms with all that, she won't be automatically be a trusting, happy girl. You want her to develop, but realistically that takes time so you actually have to be patient please. Especially with her problems and for how long she's held onto them? Sometimes or some people can really not want to let go. I really don't want to seem like I'm angry or offend you, but like I said –be a little patient please. You keep comparing my Percy to canon Percy, but forget that it isn't and that there have really huge changes that require things to evolve with it. 'Cause really, what it sounds like your problem is that things aren't canon enough –and I don't keep to canon a lot.