in his hands and looked at the boy who had just appeared with legit surprise. He hadn't heard him arriving. The boy in front of him was scrawny, short and had a mop of dark hair on his head similar to Nico's. His eyes were light brown and he was wearing a white shirt with suspenders and a pair of blue jeans. He was holding a tiny stuffed dragon in his hands. The two boys looked at each other quietly, analysing every feature of the other. "Hi," the boy said warily, putting a hand on the door handle as if he was ready to run away at any moment. Or to hold himself from fainting. Nico didn't know. "Hi." Nico put his schedule on the mattress and raised an eyebrow at him. "I'm Nico." The boy didn't answer. He kept staring at him like Nico was the greatest menace of his life. The knuckles of his left hand were turning white for the effort to grab the door handle tighter. The other hand was gripping the stuffed dragon in the same way. "They warned you about... your new roommate, didn't they?" Nico added, noticing that the boy had no intention whatsoever to open his mouth. The little guy nodded shyly, though his lips were trembling for the effort to hold a sob. "What is your name?" Nico stood up and made a step towards him, immediately regretting his decision. That had been a very bad idea. In fact, the boy gasped in pure terror and let go of his stuffed dragon, slamming his back against the door and widening his eyes with intense fear. Nico instantly raised his hands in defence. " Hey . Hey, there. I won't touch you. I'm just your roommate. Calm down." He bent down and picked the stuffed animal, handing it to him. "This is yours. Isn't it? It's nice." The boy was panting, but stretched out an arm to grab the little dragon anyway. After a couple of minutes in which Nico had done absolutely nothing, the other boy exhaled heavily and sat on his bed. He kept glancing at Nico every two seconds with great shame. "S-sorry. I had forgotten about you. New things... it's just..." the boy blushed furiously. "I'm... I'm Leo." Nico nodded slowly, even if Leo couldn't see him since he was staring at the carpet. "It's all right. Don't worry. New things are... scary." Leo nodded, smiling sheepishly. "Especially for me." "Oh." Nico sat on his bed next to Leo's. On the boy's night-stand there was a Toy Story lamp with Woody, Buzz Lightyear and everything. He couldn't help but frowning in amusement. Seriously, how old that boy was? Five? "I see. It's okay." "How old are you?" Leo asked, biting his lower lip and finally looking at Nico in the eyes. "I'm 17. What about you?" Leo frowned with worry. Apparently he didn't like the answer. "I'm 15. There's basically no one younger than me here. I moved from the Children Department two months ago." Nico huffed a chuckle. "It's not your fault if you're younger. It's your parents'." Leo's face darkened in a matter of a second. Nico wondered what was wrong with what he had just said. "Hey... I didn't mean that-" "Heeey, Hot Stuff! What about that- oh man ." Leo and Nico both immediately raised their heads towards the boy who had just entered the room. Nico had to stand up and gasp when the stranger approached him with two long strides, grabbing his shirt and attaching him against the closet. That guy was grinning so widely that Nico could count all the teeth in his mouth. " New kid ," he whispered against Nico's lips. "Hi." He let go of his shirt to put both his hands on his hips and to study him from feet to head. "You're hot." Nico took a deep breath to recover from the shock. Was that guy even serious?! "I'm what ?" "You're hot." The boy winked mischievously. "Don't act like you don't know it. What's your name? How old are you? How much crazy are you? Which meds do you take?" "What-" Nico raised his hands to keep the boy away from him. "What the fuck?! Who are you ?" Nico heard Leo sighing from exasperation from his bed. The boy smirked, making Nico shivering down his spine and wondering why his eyes were sparkling so dangerously. "Percy. I'm the oldest here. You better answer when I ask you something. How old are you? What's your damn name?" Nico challenged the boy with a deep stare. "I'm Nico. And I'm 17. And I don't give a shit if you're older than everyone here. You are as nuts as I am." Percy's eyes darkened so quickly that Nico began fearing for his safety. But then the boy's lips curved in a wide smirk that openly clashed with the darkness of his eyes. "We'll see that, babe." Percy burst out laughing like a maniac and left the room hopping . Nico sat on his bed in pure shock. "What the hell did just happen?" Leo rolled his eyes and laid on the mattress, stroking his stuffed dragon fondly like it was a pet. "Percy happened. He's like an earthquake. Watch out... I think he likes you." "Isn't it a good thing?" Nico asked in confusion. "No. It is worse if he likes you." Leo began humming some weird songs Nico didn't recognise, always petting his little dragon. Nico stared at him with worry, re-working the information about Percy in his head. He was trying really hard to ignore the fact that Leo had turned around to lay on his stomach and was now playing with some toy soldiers. Seriously, could he be 15 years old? Was he serious? But most important thing... where the hell was he? /NOTE/ I'm posting every Wednesday and Saturday (evening CEST)! Visit my profile if you want to visit my tumblr page :)