a single shit, just fuck me already." The older boy nodded, grabbing Nico's thighs tighter. He began pounding hard in and out his ass since the beginning, making Nico arch his back. His hands were still laying on Percy's hips, suggesting him the rhythm he liked better. His dick was fantastic inside of him. Nico had missed the feeling of being so filled and stretched open. It made him feel a bit of a slut spreading his thighs at the limit of a bone fracture, but he didn't care. He loved feeling like he was someone's slut. Percy buried his face between Nico's neck and collarbone, thrusting inside of him repeatedly and never lowering his pace. He was panting loudly, alternating hot kisses on the boy's skin with satisfied moans. The couch under their bodies was creaking, adding the noise to the boy's groans, moans and pleas and making a symphony out of it. Nico moaned particularly high and Percy kissed him one more time. They started making out passionately, choking their cries inside each other's mouths. Percy was grabbing the boy's ass possessively and leaning almost completely over Nico's body. "Does it hurt?" he puffed in his ear, to make sure the boy was all right. "No, you fuck me so good. I love this... oh , oh yes !" Percy quickened his rhythm and began moaning in a filthy way. Nico wondered if his neighbours could have heard him. He was sure they could, his neighbours were nosy and couldn't mind their damn business. He thought about turning them into a bunch of new characters for his book and he planned to kill them all in a brutal way. Gosh, was he having actual ideas during amazing sex? That was a great turning point for his writing career. "Oh my God, Percy ! I want to write, you saved my fucking life." Percy huffed a sexy chuckle and fucked him harder, faster and deeper. "You should do this more often, since it works so well. Mmh?" Nico swallowed hard and managed to grin at his words. "With you? Hell yes." They stayed in hush again, just kissing sinfully between moans and pleas. They were both close to their climaxes. Percy knew it from the way he was leaking pre-cum inside the condom, and from the feeling of that delirious sensation approaching. He came hard, almost screaming, and making the couch move a few millimetres with the strength of his thrusts. Nico followed him after a few instants and found himself wondering about how hot could have been Percy's cum. He wanted to feel it. He wanted him again. The older boy kept panting against his skin. He pulled out from Nico and got rid of the condom, making a knot at the base and letting it fall on the floor. He hugged the other boy, who had made room for him on the couch, and he sighed heavily. "That was..." "Fucking amazing." Nico said, trying to catch his breath. "Yeah." Percy turned his face to look at the boy and Nico looked back at him. He smiled. "I just wanted to make clear that I never did such a thing. You know, fucking customers on their couches. Hooking up with strangers in general." Nico laughed and softly kissed Percy's shoulder. "I did once. But I was in college, so it doesn't count." The older boy sarcastically raised an eyebrow at him. "It's a urban legend that everything you do in college doesn't count in real life." "No, it isn't!" "It is. And you're a cunt." Percy winked at him, making him understand he wasn't serious. "So... you'd like to go out with me sometimes?" Nico blushed heavily and smiled. He found himself being stupid, because they just had sex. There was nothing to be embarrassed about anymore, right? He nodded shyly, earning a sweet kiss from Percy for it. "Great. I can't wait." /Break/ ˜ The wind was caressing her skin, making her feel finally alive . No matter how many times people had let her down, not matter how many times she had considered herself a failure, a misery. Daphne didn't care anymore. She grabbed her backpack from the floor, leaving the room. She never looked back again. Nico typed the last sentence and re-read it. In that moment, it sounded good to his ears. He knew the day after he was going to edit a lot of things of it, but he was pretty satisfied anyway. Just a single chapter and his book was finally finished. He couldn't believe it. His professional editor was really enthusiast about his work; he kept correcting everything about it but... well, that was his job. Nico smiled and saved the document, before turning his laptop off. He was tired and happy. He stretched his back and arms, yawning. He really needed to sleep, but his boyfriend wanted to take him out for a romantic dinner for their six months anniversary. The doorbell rang and Nico winced in surprise, getting up to open the door. He smiled at the man in front of him, who had a roses bouquet in his hands. "For my sweet babe, with love." Percy handed him the roses and leaned forward to kiss him passionately. Nico grabbed the flowers and hugged his man with his free hand. They parted with a wet noise. "Thank you... let me put them in a vase and then we can leave." The young man nodded and patiently waited for Nico to come back. Percy was happy. He had left his previous job when his boyfriend helped him to find a place in a vet clinic. He was finally doing what he loved the most, with the most handsome boy he had ever met in his life by his side. When Nico came back from the kitchen, he offered his hand to him. They tangled their fingers together and the younger boy blushed. They left the apartment, hand in hand. FINE