are with me, they will not bother you," and she holds her arm out and he takes it and doesn't say he feels like a lady, even though the twitching of her lips says she knows what he's thinking. At least that's what he's thinking she's thinking. They're passing through the streets arm in arm, and Percy is suddenly aware of others pointing and whispering at them. "There will be rumors," though he's not sure what kind of rumors will come to pass, he still recognizes the telltale signs of gossip mongering ready to be founded and spread through the grapevine (as is the case in every society, immortal and not). Perhaps they will be saying that Athena has finally given her consent for Percy to date Annabeth. No doubt it would quickly reach Aphrodite, who would be quite pleased at the "news." "Let the rumors come. They will not bother me." "Did you love Dr. Chase, Lady Athena?" he asks her quietly. They're still walking and it is only because he is walking so close to her that he catches her slight falter as he asks his question. "Yes," she answers him sincerely, looking straight forward. "I am not sure why I would be telling you this, and yet perhaps it is because you of all people would understand and would not betray my confidences to anyone. I see him now…Frederick is happy, but now I feel regret. Sometimes I wish I had not made those vows to be physically chaste, that I could be with him even if only once. Though it is too late now. I wish things could have been different, that I could have made a different choice with him." "Vows don't have to be kept," he says nonchalantly. "You made those vows. You can break those vows. It's your choice and no one is forcing you to keep them, only yourself. What right would the rest have in holding you to your vows? And what right do they have in judging you anyway, if you don't want to? Besides, it's not like their opinions matter. You should only care what you think." "Wise words coming from someone many don't expect to be wise," the tilt of her lips makes him smirk slightly. "Is that teasing coming from the Goddess of Wisdom I hear? Oh wow, I must be hearing things." She rolls her eyes, "You must be." They reach the end of their destination and the doors to the elevator slide open. "I will not say anything of your infatuation to…him," Athena reaffirms quietly. Percy steps in, but before the door closes, his arm shoots out to stop them, and he faces Athena one last time before his departure. He takes one of her hands into both of his, holding it aloft strangely tenderly and giving her an odd soft smile, visibly filled with sorrow. "Next time you fall in love, and you know it's true love, don't hold back and keep a hold of it with both hands and never let go. Don't make that mistake. I did, and I just let it slip right through my hands. I made that mistake and now I have nothing to show for it. Don't let love pass you by." He steps back and the doors close on him, hiding him from view and leaving behind an astonished goddess. He's tired, but he has to keep going. He has to keep occupied, keep his mind busy so that he doesn't think on things. So he's out of the building, hailing a cab, and heading back to camp. Everyone is still asleep from the late night partying, so he makes his way quickly to his cabin and starts packing his stuff. There's a knock on the door and he's surprised anyone is up at all at this hour to greet him. He's even more surprised to see Clarisse La Rue on the other side of the door. "Can I come in?" she asks awkwardly, and he steps back to let her in. She sits on his bed and glances around, noting the bag and opened drawers. "You're leaving?" His head jerks in a nod and she nods back. "Summer will be over and senior year is around the corner. I figure I should head out and avoid the crowd," the double meaning didn't escape her. Percy didn't want to be crowded with praise or questions and whatnot. Or his friends asking him if he was alright. "Princess is going to be pissed off." Percy couldn't help forming a wry grin. "She's going to have to be. I'm not ready to face her and I don't know how I'm going to explain…some things to her." "What –that you're gay and there's no way you can like her?" He blinks, but inwardly shakes his head. Clarisse has the oddest thing about having a keen eye for the strangest things. "Something like that, yeah," his grin turns a little more upbeat. "See ya then, Kelp Head. Don't forget to keep in touch," she pushes herself off the bed quickly and heads to the door, turning back to glance at him. "No one will judge you for loving Luke, you know. And Annabeth…she'll get over it. Someday." "Thanks, Clarisse. Good luck with Chris," he says sincerely and then the Daughter of Ares is gone. He returns to packing. Started 5/5/10 –Completed 5/8/10 EDITED 9/1/13: Edited to not be graphic and explicit, just in case, blah blah blah. A/n: Taking a break from the Grim series a bit, but for an order of the Grim Tales look at my profile, as well as upcoming PJO (and other) fics for this weekend. Ehhh…this is a bit different, hm? I'm craving Hercy though, and it's been a while since I've done a slashy lemon. Hope you all aren't too scared off. And by the next chapter, we return to past tense writing, because present tense is usually done for one-shots or prologues for me.