yelled. 'Invalid payment, one drachma, please!' Madame Luck made a sour face that made her look like a really mean witch 'But that's all I've got! And what the heck is a drachma?' he complained 'You don't have any drachma?' the woman widened her eyes and looked surprised, then the anger started to bubble inside her and she rose from her chair 'You tricked me! I don't like being tricked!' The Madame seemed to grow bigger, or was it the teenager that shrank? Madame Luck's eyes glowed purple and she started to mess in a weird language. Mirrors popped up from nowhere and fell down to the floor and broke into millions shards, the hare-feet came to life and jumped around inside the wagon, the stuffed black cats started to meow and the magpies cawed and flapped with their wings. Statues and jewelry fell to the floor as the whole wagon shook. The teenager lost balance landed on his butt down on the floor and crawled backwards toward the exit, but the door wasn't there anymore. Panic bubbled inside him again and he wanted to scream, but all he could get out was a little squeak. But then suddenly, it all stopped. The Madame stopped talking and the animals froze, like they were listening to a silent voice. The purple glow in Madame Luck's eyes fainted and she smiled at him like it never happened 'It's your lucky day today' she said with the same sweet and happy voice as before 'seems like the Fortunes only was a pre-taste of a coming product, so they're free' The teenager stared at her, was she kidding? 'Now, off with you!' the lady said and waved. Hands of purple dust pushed him and send him flying out of the wagon, along with his money and Pikachu-wallet. He landed on his nose on the solid asphalt, scratching it really bad. The teenager turned around to throw an insult at the Madame, but there were no sign of her and the wagon, it was completely gone. He scowled and stared at the spot where the wagon had been standing, had it just been a hallucination? Had he gone mad? He put his hand against his jacket. He felt the fortune cookie inside his pocket. It hadn't been a hallucination at last… A loud honk dragged the teenager out from his thought. A rusty white car came at full speed towards him. As a reflex, the teenager rolled aside and got away with hairsbreadth. The car broke with a whining sound and stopped. A guy with messy brown hair, a red Turkish hat and round Harry Potter-glasses jumped out and ran towards him. 'Oh, holy lord of the ring, are you alright?' he said with a breaking voice, like he was in the middle of puberty, thought he looked much older than that. As he came closer, the teenager saw more details on the Harry Potter-guy; He had really bad acne and wore a blue bathrobe over a dirty shirt and jeans. He had narrowing eyes, like he had some Asian in his blood and he was extremely overweight. 'You look terrible, did I hit you? I'm so sorry, I didn't see you. It was like you just came flying from the empty air and I don't have that very good reflexes' The guy babbled with a surprising speed and the teenager found it hard to register everything of what he said. Their eyes met, and suddenly the guy went silent. His face got a shocked and surprised look at first, then he widened his small eyes and there was nothing but fear in them. 'No! Don't hurt me!' the guy shrieked and stumbled backwards The teenager looked surprised as Harry Potter started to cry out of fear, what had happened? 'I'm not gonna hurt you…' he tried to calm the guy down, but he only got more hysterical when he came closer. 'Go away! Go away!' he cried. What in heavens is happening? The teenager thought desperately and turned around. Memories or not, this is beyond normal! He thought and tore his hair out of frustration. The Harry Potter-guy's crying calmed down to violent sobbing. 'Man that was scary' he said 'Suddenly, I just saw darkness and…' The teenager turned against him and raised an eyebrow 'What?' The guy stared at him for a few seconds before he started crying and screaming again. 'Okay, okay. Seriously stop crying!' the teenager tried to over voice the guy's screaming. He didn't like the way the guy looked at him, like he was the one who scared him. 'Don't look at me! Stop it, please! Stop it!' the guy pleaded. 'No more!' 'I… I don't do anything' the teenage responded confused. 'Cover your face, please!' the guy pleaded Am I really that ugly, the teenager thought. 'Okay, fine!' he covered his eyes with his hands. Why would that help? Suddenly, the guy stopped crying, the teenager was about to look up, but the guys screamed: 'No! Don't look at me! Keep your face in your head just like that!' The teenager didn't understand why, but he did as he was told. He heard the guy get up on his feet, was he about to run away from him? He heard a car door open and slam shut and the guy coming back. 'Here, put this on' The teenager was handed a pair of sunglasses. It was a pair of pretty nice Ray-Ban's Aviator with golden bows and glass with a green oily tone. He put them on and looked at the guy, who gave him a superstitious and nervous look before he nodded. 'That's better' he said as he wiped his face with the sleeves of his bathrobe 'Never take them off when I'm around, ok?' 'What happened?' the teenager asked 'I think you happened, man' the guy said 'Come on, let's talk in the car' He pushed the teenager towards the car 'By the way, I'm Chuck'