couple of weeks ago you almost drowned yourself to get him to notice you." Hazel snorted. "And then you started following him everywhere as if it was a normal thing. Which, in fact, he's totally fine with." Nico pursed his lips. Liar. "How is he a liar? He's got a point. Why don't you two make out already and make it official?" Hazel shrugged. "That's a statement coming from you, Miss I crushed hardcore on Frank Zhang for four years and told him just now." Nico folded his arms over his chest and nodded knowingly at his sister. Exactly. Hazel rolled her eyes and forked her potatoes. "You are impossible." "Nico! Oh. Hey, guys," Percy smiled as he panted, having run to reach them, his tray in hand. "I hadn't seen you being here." He nonchalantly sat next to Nico and stole a potato from his dish. "You fine?" "We're excellent." Jason smiled brightly, intentionally brightly. Percy snorted in amusement. "What is up to you, Jay? New toothpaste?" He looked at Nico as he chuckled. Hazel wanted to slap them in the face. The level of cuteness was unbearable. "Something like that. Are we going in town, tonight?" Percy shook his head. "I don't know. I'm tired as hell. You wanna go, Nico?" Nico swallowed his salad and questioningly looked at Percy for a full minute. Jason cleared his throat. "Nico, I think that means Percy's doing what you're doing." Nico blushed, opening his mouth in an silent oh . He shook his head almost imperceptibly. Percy shrugged. "We're not coming. But you can go without us, guys!" "Sure thing," Hazel winked at Jason knowingly. Jason chuckled at her. /Break/ Nico was fast asleep when the first pebble against the window woke him up. He sniffed loudly, rubbing his eyes when the second pebble hit the window again. As he sat up on the mattress, he noticed that Percy was nowhere to be seen. Another pebble was thrown against the glass. Nico snorted and got up, grabbing his notebook from the night-stand and opening the window near Percy's bed. He then started writing on the notebook and positioned it on the windowsill. Percy appeared from a behind the tree. "Damn. I was trying to hide." He approached the window and read Nico's note. This bungalow is on the ground floor. And you're my room-mate. Why are you doing this to me? Percy laughed. "Leave the notebook. I need to show you something. Wear your flip flops." He winked at him. Nico rose an eyebrow at him sceptically, but did how he was told. As he went for the door, Percy called him from the outside. "No! Climb the window, like in the movies!" Nico slowly turned around and gave him a look. Percy chuckled. "C'mon, don't argue with me. You know it's not gonna work. I promise it's gonna be worth it." Nico rolled his eyes and climbed the window, helped by Percy. When his feet touched the ground, he instinctively grabbed Percy's arm and glanced around him with fear. "Don't worry. It's safe. Just trust me." Nico squeezed his arm. He trusted him. Percy smiled in the darkness of the night, and they crossed a little portion of the wood in silence, exception made for a few sticks breaking under their feet. When they reached the lake, Nico had to hold his breath. "You know," Percy began. "We weren't this close the last full moon, so I had to wait for another month before showing you. And... That's it. Do you like it?" For the first time in his life, Nico felt speechless. Not speechless in the common meaning; speechless as if he truly felt like he didn't need words in that moment. And he didn't want words, in that moment. The moon towered proudly over their heads, perfectly round and bright and magnificent, creating a breathtaking game of lights on the water surface. Nico squeezed Percy's arm tighter and made him turn towards him. Crickets were singing around them to keep company to the sound of water lapping against the shore. Nico trembled a bit. And Percy's eyes fell on Nico's lips. He didn't say a word. He kissed Nico. Nico held his breath as Percy's hands gently cupped his face to feel his warmth against the skin, and he closed his eyes. He grabbed Percy's shirt and sighed deeply into the kiss, opening his mouth and letting Percy in. Nico's life was being blown. The glass case he was living in broke into pieces, and Nico felt free for the very first time. Percy's hands moved to Nico's neck as he tilted his chin to kiss him deeply. Percy's kiss was growing more passionate, and Nico had to grab his biceps not to stumble. Percy giggled against his lips. They separated. "Holding on to me for dear life? What if we both fall?" Nico smirked knowingly, and then shrugged. He shoved Percy into the water. "What?!" Percy yelled and laughed the same time. "Jesus! It's freezing!" Nico smiled widely and followed him into the water. He widened his mouth when his belly came in contact with the cold liquid. Percy laughed louder at that. "I warned you!" Nico reached him and wrapped his arms around Percy's neck, attaching their lips together once more and making Percy stumbling. They both laughed on the other's mouth as Nico wrapped his legs around Percy's waist and let Percy bring him whenever he wanted. When they separated, Nico noticed that Percy's eyes looked even more beautiful under the moonlight. Nico took a deep breath. He made a cross with his arms over his chest, and then pointed at Percy with his index finger. Percy was slightly trembling. "You taught me that word. It's love." Nico nodded, and a tear escaped his eyes. Percy smiled. "I love you too." Nico pressed their foreheads together and closed his eyes. Percy was caressing his sides gently. There was no need to say anything else.