"Because I've got a shit job and I have a deal with the house owner. If I were part of the Mafia, I would be rich, Gary ." The old man stared at Nico from feet to head sceptically. " Mpf ," he snorted. "He even dresses like a homeless person..." "I'm here . I can hear you," Nico put both his hands on his hips, making it really hard for Jason not to laugh. "Whatever... whatever," murmured the old man, slowly making his way down the stairs with his walking stick. "These young little assholes, always acting like the world is theirs. Oh dear... back in my days... dear, dear." Once the man had disappeared from his sight, Nico sighed tiredly. He didn't even look surprised. That ridiculous comedy probably used to happen very often, Jason thought. So, when Nico was ready to close the door, Jason immediately jumped forward and stuck his foot between the door and the wall of the boy's apartment. "No way." He tried to hide the slight pain he was feeling in his leg. "We have to talk. You owe me an occasion to explain myself." Nico stared at him with anger and sadness. And then he snorted, opening the door again to let Jason come in. "You have 5 minutes. If I don't like what I hear, or if I notice that you're lying... you're out of my life forever." Jason nodded firmly and sat on the couch. Nico kicked the door closed, snorting dramatically again, and then fell on the couch next to him. He crossed his arms on his chest, waiting for Jason to begin talking. And that was what Jason did. He explained everything that had happened during St. Patrick's day party. And he explained why it had looked so weird from another perspective. Nico had sincerely thought that Jason was still in love with Percy. He was convinced of that not only because he had seen them kissing so passionately, but also due to the fact that Jason had talked about Percy a real lot to Nico. Nico hated Percy. Just hearing his damn name was giving him nightmares. But Jason sounded sincere. Honestly, there were no reasons not to trust him. He was a kind boy, responsible – in ways that Nico absolutely wasn't – and caring. Why should he lie to him? The young boy took a deep breath and laid against the couch backrest. "Okay." "And then, Nico, when he tried to call me again, I-" " Okay !", Nico raised his hands in surrender. "Jason. I got it. I believe you." Jason smiled, all the desperation disappearing from his face, and put a hand on Nico's thigh almost distractedly. "Really? Because I was so worried, Nico. I didn't want to be another person you couldn't trust. When I understood that you didn't want to talk to me because you thought-" "Jason. You're not Mark Burner. We've been neighbours for two years. I saw you buying flowers before a date, writing love letters, singing Sinatra's songs when cooking and preparing chocolate muffins with candy hearts on." Jason frowned almost distractedly. "Wow. I'm really that gay?" Nico laughed loudly, finally feeling the tension leaving his body. "Yes. Yes , oh my God. And I've always wondered what I could do to get that kind of attentions from you... I've always wondered how I could feel if they were directed at me. I don't know. You're extraordinary, Jay." Jason blushed furiously. His eyes were getting wet. " You are extraordinary. And the past months have been... with you... it's- it's been the best period of my life. And I really felt stupid when you saw me with Percy, because that was when I... when I-" Nico froze in trepidation. He kept glancing from Jason's hand on his thigh to his eyes, waiting for what the boy wanted to say. Nico hoped to know what he wanted to say. "When you... what?" "When I realized I've fallen for you so hard, Nico. I don't know if you should-" Jason gasped when Nico literally jumped on his lap, kissing him fiercely and grabbing his neck so desperately that Jason felt the air leave his lungs. They separated with a wet noise. "Nico, I-" But Nico kissed him again, almost angrily and straddling Jason's lap shamelessly. The blond boy soon understood that trying to talk to him was useless that evening. But honestly, what did they have to talk about in that moment? /Break/ "Jason." Nico got absolute nothingness as a response. "Jason. Don't ignore me." The boy amusedly cleared his throat and kept ignoring him, stirring his soup in the pot with a wooden spoon. "Jason, c'mon. Look at me. I've got something to show you." Jason began quietly whistling a song – that dangerously resembled the Happy Birthday jingle -, pretending Nico didn't exist. "Yeah. I know. It's your birthday. That's why I have something to show you. Plus... why are you cooking soup in freaking July?" Jason sighed thoroughly, with fond exasperation. Nico could be incredibly annoying when he wanted. He turned around towards the kitchen window and raised an eyebrow at the boy, who was looking at him from his apartment, leaning on the windowsill. "What is it?" Nico smirked mischievously and showed him two iced beer bottles which he was hiding behind the wall. " These ." Jason's grin grew wider. "I'll be there in a second." He shut the stove off and left his apartment. When Nico opened his front door a minute later, Jason picked him up and the boy – who had just screamed amusedly for the surprise - wrapped his legs around his waist, hugging him affectionately and kissing him profoundly. Jason kicked the door closed, bringing Nico towards the bedroom. He pretty much trusted the asshole in apartment 13, after all. FINE 1/2 Inspired by the tv show "Don't trust the bitch in apt. 23". Second part on Friday morning! (CEST)