and adjusted on his seat. Nico saw him rubbing his forehead, probably trying to pull all the informations together to give him a right feedback. "Nico, that was the night of your car crash. That is why you keep forgetting about it and about the sexual relation with Percy. The fact that you finally manage to remember it... it's a huge, seriously huge, achievement." Nico frowned. "What does it mean? How do you know it was that night?" "I talked to Percy, too. Do you remember? I had sessions with him. Don't worry, he is fine." "I know he's fine but..." Nico's eyes suddenly filled with tears. He had just realised he remembered his first time with Percy. He couldn't believe he was recovering, he couldn't believe he was finally able to share the same memories with him. The trauma of their accident had made him drown in a nightmare of emptiness, of hollow. Seeing Percy in a hospital stretcher, struggling for his life in the emergency hall, had driven him completely insane. After months of therapy, Nico had part of his identity back in his possession. He didn't even noticed that he was crying almost uncontrollably, grabbing a Kleenex after another. "You're doing fine, Nico. We got you. Don't worry. Everything is going to be fine." /Break/ " Percy! What the hell are you doing?! Don't lay on the fucking ground!" Nico was dying from laughter in the middle of the street while his boyfriend struggled to get his car keys back from the grating in which they had fallen into. " You better stop laughing like that. I won't be able to ride you home if I don't get them back." " Whatever. We could sleep on the pavement. I don't care." Percy hushed for a moment, drown in concentration to get his keys back. When he finally managed to rescue them he stood up triumphantly, swinging them in front of Nico's face with pride. "You can call me Your Hero, if you want." Nico laughed again and wrapped his arms around Percy's neck. They kissed fondly for a moment, no one was in the small street they were in. When they parted, Percy took Nico's hand in his and showed him the way to his car. They kept smiling at each other the whole time. With a loud noise, they closed their respective car's doors. Percy started the car off after fastening his belt. He drove with a dumb smile printed on his face for at least ten minutes before Nico spoke. " The ice cream was great, anyway. And your roommate's rock band, too." Percy laughed loudly at those words. "Oh my God, they unbelievably suck." Nico chuckled and licked his lips, glancing outside the car window. "You know" he began, turning around again to look at his boyfriend, "I also liked the after-show. The one in which we were alone in your bed." The boy who was driving grinned, gazing at him every two seconds. He then nodded and his grip on the steering wheel tightened. "I don't know what you're talking about." Nico raised an eyebrow at him. "Oh. You don't know?" Percy limited himself to shake his head mockingly, a smirk printed on his face. " Maybe I could refresh your memory tomorrow. Dad isn't home. I'm completely alone." He chuckled when he noticed that Percy had adjusted his position on his seat. He kept staring at him while he was driving. The boy was trying his best to think about a proper silly answer to give him. He then briefly turned to look directly at him. " You'll be alone? You better-" They didn't see it coming. A truck hit Percy's the car in the rear seats, making it twirl a few times before it stopped its mad rush against a wall, almost completely destroyed. Percy didn't die for a miracle. His head had almost hit the cement through the broken glass of his car window. He passed out immediately for the strong impact. Nico looked at his eyes closed, a trickle of blood running down his face apparently coming from nowhere. His face was covered in cuts and pieces of glasses. Nico began screaming with all the air he had in his lungs. Then everything around him went dark. / Nico woke up immediately. He couldn't breathe. A huge panic attack was swallowing him whole and he had no idea of how getting out of it. He jumped in terror when he felt a kind hand stroking his back. Then the lights turned on apparently by themselves. "Nico, Nico breathe. Inhale. Exhale. C'mon." Nico did how he was told. He had no idea of where he was, with who and what time of the night it was. Or at least, he assumed it was night because of the previous darkness in the room. He wasn't so sure it wasn't noon or early morning. He had no idea. "You're doing great. Listen to me, breathe. Okay, like that." The young boy managed to catch his breath after a while. He kept feeling a hand on his back and suddenly asked himself who was stroking him so kindly and affectionately. When he turned around on the mattress, he met Percy's eyes. Tears began forming without giving him the time to notice it. "Percy. Percy..." The sea-green eyed boy hugged him tight and Nico buried his face in his chest. Percy began stroking his hair, listening to his sobs and whines with concern. "You're fine, Nico. I'm with you." Nico raised his head to look at him again. His eyes were red and swollen. "Don't leave me." Percy smiled. "I won't." "Promise." "I promise. I am here. I'll always be here." Nico nodded, cleaning his face with the sleeve on his pyjama's shirt. "Okay." Percy turned the lights off again, dragging Nico under the sheets and in his arms again. The young boy closed his eyes. He'll be there. He'll always be there. FINE