. Right there, sitting on the wooden stairs of the infirmary deck there was him . His body. He himself . Percy Jackson had his head in his hands, looking pissed - more than desperate - for all that situation, trying really hard not to kill someone. The real Percy got immediately angry and quickened his pace, finally reaching that big mess of a situation that was going on. He pointed his middle finger at the fake Percy and everybody gasped in surprise, retreating to make him pass freely. Everyone went silent. Annabeth and Jason stiffened. The fake Percy stood up and winced horribly at the sight. "What the hell am I wearing?! Where did you find that t-shirt?! I was sure I had burned it!" Percy kept pointing his finger at his clone. Well, at his own body. Anyway. That whole situation was confusing. "I wore a yellow t-shirt. Do you have a problem with this?!" "Of course I do! Get rid of that immediately !" "No fucking way! Tell me what you did! What is going on?!" The fake Percy – well, Nico – frowned with indignation and put his hands on his hips. Since that was a gesture Percy never used to do, the real Percy heard Leo chuckling from the distance. Someone slapped him on the face and he went silent again. "What I did?! Percy! That's all your fault!" "My fault?! How is this my fault?!" Chiron stepped between them and opened his arms to separate them and avoid something worse than a simple discussion . In fact, Nico was ready to punch the other boy in the face. "Now everybody calms down. Percy. Nico. You come with me to the Big House. We have to talk." Annabeth walked towards them. "I'm coming, too." Chiron just nodded. The small group left the infirmary under everybody's surprised gazes. When they managed to reach the Big House, Annabeth closed the door and Mr. D. materialized in front of them. He snorted and took a seat at his desk – a green table beach that was probably gonna break soon. The god crossed his hands over the surface, he raised an eyebrow sceptically and stared at Nico and Percy for a few instants. "So. Can someone please explain to me what is going on?" Percy took a deep breath, but got interrupted by Nico before he could have even begun talking. "It happened that Percy surely messed with something which went horribly wrong and then this happened." He pointed at his own chest with despair. "I messed?!" Percy turned around to look at him and got slightly mad for the fact the now he was shorter than Nico. Well, shorter than his own body. It was kinda weird to look at himself from that angle. It was driving Percy insane. "I didn't do anything!" Chiron opened his arms between them like he had just done in front of the infirmary. " Calm down . Percy. You said something about Eros yesterday. Can you repeat it?" Annabeth gasped and covered her mouth in surprise. "Right..." Nico paled. He perfectly remembered Eros. He had had a little disagreement himself with the god just a couple of years earlier in Croatia. That was bad. That was really, really bad. "Oh Gods Percy, what did you tell him?!" Percy blushed furiously and began stuttering. "Nothing! I just... I refused to answer his questions and he said..." "Yeah?" Chiron pressed him, making Percy blush even more. "He said that he was going to make me pay for that by... by showing me how hard it can be to put yourself in... in another person's shoes." He swallowed hard. Nico snorted loudly and widened his arms with indignation. "Of course he said that! Dumbass! You had to tell Mr. D. immediately !" Chiron stopped Nico's ravings by raising a hand at him, always staring at Percy seriously. "What else?" Percy bit his lower lip in embarrassment. "Well... he said... he said that he was going to pick the person I mostly cared about. But I suppose... I think he just picked one of my friends or something." The centaur nodded slowly and Percy took the chance of that brief moment of silence to glance at Nico in his body. He was staring at the floor, looking deeply confused and lost. Even Annabeth was staring at him, but she had a knowing look on her face. Percy wondered if she had seen this coming. Probably yes. Annabeth knew about everything before it was going to happen. Chiron interrupted Percy's thoughts with a question. "Did Eros say anything about how to get out from this situation? Some kind of hint?" Percy shook his head in resignation. He was being honest. Eros had been deadly serious in not giving him any hint about what he was talking about. Percy had tried to ask, failing miserably. "All right then. The best we can do now is that you two stay here at camp. Nico, don't you even try to protest," he quickly said before Nico could have said anything, "then... then I think that the Athena's cabin could try to find a solution? Maybe look for similar episodes in mythological events?" He questioningly gazed at Annabeth. The girl smiled briefly. "Sure, Chiron. We'll work hard to find a solution." "Great. From now on... that's it. There's nothing we can do. Percy, if anything helpful comes to your mind, you're begged to tell me." Percy let himself go into a long, resigned sigh and just nodded. Nico had crossed his arms on his chest and looked vaguely murderous. The water into Mr. D.'s glass was dangerously shaking. "You can go now. Watch out. Both of you." Nico and Percy nodded, and the water stopped shaking when Nico left the room. Annabeth reassuringly smiled at Percy and left the room afterwards, running towards her brothers and sisters. "Well," Dionysus gaily said all of a sudden, "we never get bored here!"