me, don't. Don't do anything reckless, or, or dangerous, Nico, please. Please." His voice sounds strange even to his own ears, but he can't help it. Nico needs to promise him this. It's too horrifying, the thought of Nico getting hurt – hurting himself – to contemplate fully. He needs to make Nico promise before it takes a clear form, before his mind realizes what he already knows, deep down, that Nico is talking about. "Don't you want to be with me?" Nico asks. He looks so broken – so small, and Jason wishes he could grab the gods, all of them, and shake them and force them to make something good happen in Nico's life for a change. Jason shakes his head – nods – shakes his head. He has no idea what to do or say or think. "Nico, Nico, I always want to be with you," he breathes. "Always, never forget that." If only he could cup Nico's face now, wipe away the tears rolling down his cheeks, kiss his quivering lips. "I want to wait for you, okay? It's fine like this, what does time mean now, anyway? Promise me you'll stay safe, promise me. Please, Nico." Nico buries his head in his hands. His shoulders are shaking. Jason can feel his own eyes burn. "I love you so much, Nico," he whispers. "So, so much. Please. Please." His throat is tight now, his voice breaking, and he hates it. He has to be strong now, he has to be, Nico needs him to be strong – The sobs break out regardless. They're crying for what feels like hours, just sitting there next to each other, trembling and sobbing. Jason's never felt so ridiculous. He's never cared so little about feeling so ridiculous. "I'm sorry," Nico breathes. "I'm so sorry, Jason, I –" He gasps through the tears and Jason can't stop himself anymore, he reaches out to touch Nico's face even though he knows it won't work. "Shhh," Jason makes, helplessly, through his own tears. "Nico, I'm right here, okay, I'll do anything, anything you need me to –" Nico gasps again, but his sobs eventually turn to sniffles and Jason pulls himself together as well, because he's not helping by breaking down like this. "I'm sorry," he says. "I'm sorry, this is my fault –" "How is this your fault?" Nico asks, completely taken aback. "You were getting better, you were doing fine, you were happy, and I stopped being there for you –" "You died!" "Exactly," Jason says. "I left you." "I'm fine," Nico whispers. He's curled in on himself now, as if to shut out the entire world. "I am, Jason. It's okay now. I'm fine." Neither of them says anything until Nico leaves. Nico doesn't come by for a long time after that. When he finally does, he's cut his hair and he's got a new jacket. Unsurprisingly, it's black. "I'm sorry," he says, rather coolly. "For how I acted last time." "No, I am," Jason says. "I was worried – when you didn't visit for so long. I thought I'd made it worse. Can – can you forgive me? I shouldn't have freaked out like that, I know, it wasn't fair, or respectful, or right. But I – I want to protect you." Nico shakes his head very slightly. "It's fine." He pulls his hands up into the sleeves of his jacket. "I missed you." Jason takes a step forward before he's thought it through and passes right through Nico. He curses. Nico chuckles slightly. Then he stands up straight and sets his jaw before speaking. "So, are you still mad at me?" "What?" Jason says, horrified. "Nico, I'm not mad at you, I never was! I want you to be happy, I love you, please, believe me. I'm not mad, or angry, I just – I just love you," he manages. Nico nods. "Okay," he whispers. "Ditto, you know?" Jason smiles. "I know," he whispers back. "Isn't that enough for now?" Nico squares his shoulders, nods. "Yes," he whispers. "It has to be, it is." Jason kisses Nico's hair as best he can, even though he knows Nico can't feel it. "Percy and Annabeth are getting married," Nico says. It hits Jason once again that his friends are getting older, building real lives. "That's great," he says. He takes a deep breath. "Do you want to break up?" He has to ask this, even though everything in him is screaming at him not to. He has to let Nico decide this, whether to give up all of that, everything their friends have right now, and to wait for a future that begins in death. Nico shakes his head. "No," he says. He doesn't hesitate, doesn't take time to think, the answer comes so perfectly naturally that Jason has to sit down with relief. He reminds himself not to be selfish, to let Nico know that it would be okay, that he'd understand. "'Cause you can, you know." "I know," Nico says. He's frowning. "I don't want to. Do you?" "No," Jason says. "Good," Nico says. "What's a bit of waiting to kiss you? We haven't even begun yet." He shrugs and gives Jason a cheeky smile, one of the very rare ones of his that last longer than a split second. Jason hasn't seen Nico smile in a while, and it makes his ghost-heart beat hard against his ribs. "That's right," Jason says. "Besides, we have stuff to do here while we wait. I still have to beat you at skipping rocks." Nico shakes his head. "You can try," he says. "Maybe I'll let you win for a change, to make you feel better." "Race you to the river," Jason says. They're lying on the grass, side by side. "I wish I could kiss you," Jason says. "Me, too," Nico says. They share a smile, lying as close to each other as they can. It's enough to begin with.