the first one to come, stroking his crotch against Percy's frantically and messily, totally losing his rhythm. Percy moaned louder than ever at the sight of Nico shutting his eyes closed and resting his head between his neck and collarbone. His hands moved from Nico's butt to his back, caressing it gently and cuddling Nico through the descent from his orgasm. Nico took a deep, shaky breath and made one of his hands travelling down Percy's stomach. Quite unceremoniously, he sneaked it down Percy's pants and briefs, wrapping it around his dick and pumping it in his fist with practice. Percy began moaning almost immediately, throwing his head back on the ground and squeezing his eyes shut. Nico's hand was soft and warm, and delicious around his dick. When his release finally came, Nico kept jerking Percy off with a studied movement of his wrist. Then, after a few seconds, Percy's hand flew to Nico's left shoulder. His voice was raspy. "I'm kinda done." Nico smiled and sprawled on the floor next to Percy. He wiped his left hand on his jeans distractedly, frowning in confusion some instants later. Sitting up on his butt, he took a look down at the jeans he was wearing. The loudest sigh Percy had ever heard came out from Nico's lips. "Of course. Of course I forgot I was wearing my favourite pair of black jeans." Percy laughed, sitting up and glancing at where his cum was now attached to Nico's thigh. "I'd like to say it's my fault, but all of this isn't my fault." "How dare you?!" Nico stood up, grabbing an M&M's package from a shelf and opening it. He hadn't even noticed they were in the sweets' department. "You've been flirting with me since the very beginning. For hours . So shut the hell up." "Which reminds me... what time is it?" Percy pointed at Nico's watch on his wrist. Nico glanced at it quickly, just to pale instantly. "It's 5 AM! Five !" Percy widened his eyes in stupor, standing up and grabbing Nico's wrist to take a look himself. " Jesus Christ ! My shift ended half an hour ago! This means that-" All of a sudden, all the lights in the supermarket turned on. The whole building seemed to come alive in that exact moment. Nico could hear the sound of the ventilation system going off, and the distant noise of chatters from the cash registers. They both looked at each other, the same thought crossing their minds: what the hell are we supposed to do now?! "All right," Percy whispered. "The problem is that the supermarket is not open. We can't sneak outside unnoticed. This is the time in which the suppliers arrive. The cleaning agency, too. Damn it. We're fucked." Nico raised an eyebrow at him sceptically. "What about all those keys hanging from your belt?" Percy stared blankly at Nico for a while. Then, he realised. "Oh. Right." He detached the keys from his belt, grabbing Nico's wrist and making him sign to shush. Nico limited himself to nod – and to make sure to have rolled his eyes in exasperation, before -, while he followed him towards a stock-room in the back of the supermarket. Percy opened the door, and the boys ended up in a huge room facing a big parking lot were the suppliers usually parked their trucks, early in the morning. Said room seemed to be filled with an endless amount of closed boxes and trunks of different sizes. "Okay," Percy turned around and quickly kissed him on the lips. "I have to go and clock out. I hope they're gonna pay me for the overtime." Nico chuckled. "Sure. They're gonna pay you for having orgasms in the workplace. I really- Percy . The cameras." He widened his eyes at the realisation of what they had done for the whole night. "Holy shit ! They surely are gonna-" Percy shushed him. "No problem. I'm gonna delete everything. I can do that." "Can you?" Nico's heart filled with hope again. "Thank God. I was going to faint." Percy's chuckle echoed in the giant stock-room. "Go home. We'll see again soon... I mean. If you want?" Nico blushed, smiling sheepishly and nodding. "If you fancy the idea, yes." "Of course I do. I know where you live. Wait for me, um, let's say tomorrow evening? 8 PM?" Percy stroked Nico's cheek with a thumb, and Nico nodded. "Amazing. Thanks for... you know. For tonight." "And I was worried about having lost the Carbonara ...", Nico murmured to himself, staring blankly at the horizon. It was dawning. Percy frowned. "What you said?" "Forget it." Percy kissed him again. "As you want. See you tomorrow." Nico waved his hand at him as Percy headed back inside. He turned around, looking at the dawn again. Suddenly, his phone began ringing loudly and it ruined Nico's peaceful morning. He couldn't avoid picking up, anyway. " Sì ?" " Where the hell are you?! I just woke up, and you still weren't home!" The voice of Maria di Angelo echoed in the building from the speaker. "What have you been doing for the whole night?!" Nico snorted, rubbing his eyes and realising just in that moment that he was tired as fuck. "Excuse me, wasn't I old enough to do whatever I wanted? At least, that's how it was yesterday when you refused to pick me up." Maria held her breath for a few seconds, just to sigh dramatically when her son didn't add anything else. "... I suppose. But I want you home right now . And prepare some kind of believable explanation." "Mom?" The woman frowned. "What?" "Did you save me a bit of Carbonara ?" "... Come home. Now." Maria hung the call and Nico found himself chuckling to himself, putting his phone back in his pocket. He began walking across the parking lot, the fresh air of the morning giving him goosebumps. FINE