to the checkstand where Melanie joined him and began ringing up the items and dropping them into the reuseable bag Will had brought with him. Jason gave him his space, remaining a few steps behind his friend as they left the store. They came together again as they waited to cross the street. "So is this a good time to talk? My apartment isn't going to really give us privacy." "Can we stop somewhere?" Will nodded, "There's a little garden area behind my apartment, come on." Will said, reaching behind him and gesturing for Jason to follow. If the taller man didn't know better, the movement looked like he was wanting to take Jason's hand. Will led him through a gate and to a bench surrounded by flowers. "So." he said expectantly, "Let's get it all out." Jason couldn't tell if Will was angry or not. There was definitely a strong emotion coursing through him, but he was covering whatever it was fairly well. He took a breath, twirling the handles of the grocery bag. "That night... I'm sorry." he began. Will shrugged, "It's fine Jason. I told you that I understand now. I'm over it." "I'm not though." Jason said, more force behind his words than he had intended. Will's eyes widened, but he pressed his lips together to show that he wasn't about to say anything. "I liked you before you kissed me in the forest, and I liked you after it happened too. I was just stupid and scared and now I want to be with you but I know I hurt you and I'm terrified of doing it again." he looked intently at Will, "Since that night, and especially right now all I've wanted to do is kiss you and hold you and make you feel safe and happy but I'll probably just keep messing things up so I want to tell you that I hope you find someone who can make you happy and all of that other stuff but I really hope that person is me." Will looked away and Jason's heart felt like it exploded, not knowing whether to break or not. "Wow." Will whispered, "Wow." he got up from the bench, still not looking at Jason. "I didn't know you liked me that much." he said, glancing up only to quickly look down again. "Still, I mean." Jason stood up and got closer to Will, wanting to touch his face, but giving him his space, "I'm just as bad as Nico." "Well..." Will looked up at Jason, "So am I." "Really?" Will took a step closer to Jason, "Yes. Do you really think it can work now though? You at camp, me at school..." "You live twenty minutes away, dork." The skinnier blonde pouted, "You never visited me before." "I didn't think you wanted me to." "I probably didn't." "So can I kiss you now?" Jason closed the distance between them. "Nope." Will said with a grin at Jason's expression, "Just kidding. Come here." He pressed their lips together. Memories flooded both of their minds of a cool end-of-summer night, of Will's back pressed against a tree and Jason's fingers in his hair. When their lips parted, Will looked at Jason, remembering what happened the next morning. He closed his eyes in painful memory, remembering the way he had basically thrown himself at Jason, and the other man had quietly explained that the night before had been an accident, that he didn't know if he liked guys or not, that he didn't want anybody in his business about it. Will remembered the way the room had spun around him as he realized his stupidity, and then he had run. Jason found him quickly but Will simply said something cordial and excused himself. They stayed that way until Will left for school, nice to each other, but distant. Will jumped when he felt lips on his again. Jason was gentle, tentative. When the other man didn't pull away Jason's hands found Will's arms, slowly rubbing up and down. Will decided that the past suddenly didn't matter, the future really didn't either. All that mattered was this moment, right now. He would take all that Jason was willing to give in this moment. He wound his arms around Jason and pulled him closer. Encouraged, the taller blonde deepened the kiss. Will made a noise in his throat but responded in kind. When he felt out of breath Will pulled away, resting against Jason's chest and whispering his name. The men held each other in silence for quite a while until Will looked at the grocery bag on the bench. "Better get back upstairs. Percy needs to eat something." Jason tightened his hold, "He has Nico taking care of him. Just stay with me a while longer." Will liked the feeling of someone wanting him with them, holding him tightly. He put his arms back around Jason and hugged him for another moment. He pulled away again and Jason didn't protest, merely pouting at him as he picked up the grocery bag. The two men were silent as they made their way up the stairs to Will's apartment. Will was busy wondering just how deep he had gotten himself just now and what he was going to do about it. Jason was caught between elation and a sort of somber feeling; he was happy with what had happened, but could he really deliver on the promises he had made to Will? The troubling thoughts left the minds of both men as Will opened the door to his apartment, finding Nico and Percy laying on the couch together, staring at the television's blank screen. The blondes moved to sit on either side of the other two, and they all sat in a strange, contented silence for a while. At one point, Will turned his head to look at Jason, then at Nico and they all shared the same look that said, 'This is enough... for now.'