his fingers in Percy's hair and rocking his hips to follow Percy's movements. "Did you like it? Me, tightening around you so much?," Nico whispered into Percy's ear with a mischievous grin of satisfaction. "Did you?" Percy moaned and his thrusts grew more frantic, no longer following any logic. His mouth was hanging open in a constant silent moan of pleasure, and he found himself nodding quickly at Nico's words. "Yes. Yes, I liked it a lot. You're so wet," he cried desperately. He was struggling to run after his orgasm, which seemed closer by the second. "Fill me with your cum, Percy... fill me ." Percy literally screamed when he finally came. Nico's request had been the last straw for him. He kept thrusting inside of him hard, filling Nico with all his hot seed, until he began slackening when he felt done with his orgasm. Percy swallowed hard, resting against the other boy's body and trying to catch his breath. Nico cracked a smile. "It's your turn." The son of Poseidon chuckled distractedly, pulling out from Nico's hole and laying on the – damn cold – floor next to him. He cleared his throat. "Truth or dare?" "Truth. Damn, I'd like water." "Tell me about it," Percy snorted sarcastically. Nico sat up, laying on his elbows and looking at Percy sprawled on the floor. "The truth?" "Ah. Right. Would you be my boyfriend?" The son of Hades laughed openly and grabbed his shirt from the ground. Now that the sex was over, he was shivering. Those cells were freaking cold. "Why not." Percy absently pulled his jeans and boxers up his thighs, closing his belt seconds later. "Great." He felt like he was going to fall asleep very soon. In the meanwhile, Nico had stood up, looking for the rest of his clothes and for his shoes. When he finally managed to look presentable, he sat with his back against the wall, looking at Percy in front of him slowly closing his eyes in peace. The son of Hades smirked teasingly. "Truth or dare?" Percy began snoring. /Break/ "Okay. That's the plan. She comes here to give us food, you grab her arm and I grab the sword." Percy snorted loudly, pacing back and forth in the cell. "What if she doesn't have it?" "She does," Nico answered, "yesterday evening, when she brought us dinner, I saw it swinging at her belt." "Fine." Percy clapped his hands once. "Let's kick some ass. What if she kills us?" Nico shrugged distractedly, considering the option for a few seconds. "Well, at least we got laid a last time." Percy smirked mischievously at the memory of their morning sex just a couple of hours before. "Yup. Quite funny. Nice blow job, by the way." "Thanks," Nico sighed, trying to take a look down the corridor. Percy hugged him from behind and kissed his neck. "I tried my-" "Ehm, guys. What the in Hephaestus are doing?" The boys both gasped in terror and turned around. Percy immediately let go of Nico's waist. " Leo ?!" Leo was looking at them from the other side of the bars, in the opposite direction of the corridor. Annabeth and Jason were glancing at each other behind his back. Jason had Nico's sword in a hand, and Percy's pen in the other. And he was trying really hard not to laugh. Nico ignored everything, staring at his sword with intense lust. He clung to the bars and desperately stretched his arm towards Jason to grab it. "Give it to me! Now !" Percy still looked shocked. "How did you do it?!" Leo shrugged. "Greek fire." "Say no more." Jason chuckled, and then finally handed Nico his sword by the hilt. Nico immediately grabbed it and smiled disturbingly – a creepy smile that just a son of the dead could produce. Percy didn't notice anyway, he was too busy kissing Riptide like it was his lover. "Okay. Now, be careful everyone," Nico said firmly, grasping his sword and positioning himself to break the bars. Percy instinctively withdrew; and so did Leo, Jason and Annabeth. With a loud scream filled with all the frustration for having spent an entire night in that cold and hideous cell, Nico broke all the bars with a single cutting blow. A gush opened, letting Nico and Percy finally get out from that place. The alarms began shouting at the highest volume and Percy uncapped his sword. "Okay. Now... run !" "Nice plan, but no," Nico shouted to be heard. "Let's hold hands." Leo chuckled. "And then what? We'll sing Kumbayà?" "No, dumbass," Annabeth grabbed his hand, shushing him immediately. "Percy's new boyfriend will shadow-travel us out from this hell." "Oh. Now I get it." Everyone held hands, and when a cloud of darkness engulfed them, they disappeared from the corridor, leaving the alarms behind them. /Break/ When they appeared directly in the woods of Camp Half-Blood, Leo whistled appreciatively. "This is what I call a sweet escape." Percy immediately let go of Jason's hand to grab Nico, who had just fainted against him. "Uh-oh there. We'll take you to the infirmary, right?" Nico just murmured incoherent words, letting Percy picking him up. They sounded like a couple of ' no way 's, some ' I'll kill you 's, and a single ' there's Will' . "Well, I don't give a shit if there's Will Solace. We'll go anyway." Nico whined loudly, but didn't have the strength to do anything else. Annabeth rolled her eyes when Percy walked past her, and Percy noticed that – despite everything – she was smiling at him. "Nico? Truth or dare?" Percy waved his hand at Chiron from the distance, who was frowning with deep confusion when they walked past the Big House like a just-married couple. "So? Pick one." "I pick fuck you ." The son of Poseidon laughed fondly, looking at Nico falling asleep in his arms, while he brought him to the infirmary. FINE