determined. "Reyna, is he there? At Camp Jupiter?" "I heard him banging on the Fifth Cohort's door, screaming for Hazel. From what I gather, he was also fading from his feet." Jason's chest felt tight with guilt. "Is he…?" "He passed out but woke up a little while ago. Hazel and I managed to get him to drink some unicorn draught. It helped the last time this happened." Jason breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank the gods…" "Are you going to come see him?" "Yeah. Can I?" "I would make it snappy, Grace." "Got it. I'll be there in an hour or so." Jason dismounted Tempest and sent the horse on its way. He was lucky that the ventus was willing to let Jason ride him when he needed it. He entered Camp Jupiter without any trouble, given that the two guards on duty recognized him immediately and let him through. He made his way to the Fifth Cohort's barracks when he was stopped by a hand on his shoulder. He turned, expecting Reyna, only to be greeted by Hazel. "Hazel! It's good to see you." "Likewise. Nico is in Reyna's villa. She thought you two would appreciate the privacy." "Yeah. I'll make sure to thank her." The two fell in step and an awkward and heavy silence hung in the air between them. Hazel walked with him up to Reyna's doorstep before stopping. "Jason. I love my brother more than anything. You know that," she said. "Of course, Hazel," Jason answered. "Then you'll know that if you ever do anything to hurt him, you're going to answer to me and Reyna, right?" Jason gulped. The earth rumbled beneath him and he knew that Hazel was deadly serious. "I would never hurt him intentionally, Hazel," he promised. The tremors stopped and Hazel gave him one last penetrating stare before smiling. "Good. Frank and I are having a picnic. If you and my brother have made up, you can join us for lunch there." With that, she turned and walked away. Jason let out a breath that he hadn't known he was holding. Note to self: Don't anger Hazel Levesque. Jason knocked on the door and wasn't surprised to find it open quickly. He stepped inside, greeting Reyna and thanking her but the daughter of Bellona only smiled before leading him into the living room. "Nico! Someone is here for you!" "Hazel, I'm not hungry!" Nico's voice sounded out from the other room which made Jason's heart skip a beat. They rounded the corner just as Nico looked up from whatever he had been looking at only to find himself staring at the person he was avoiding. "Oh," he said quietly. Immediately, the shadows in the room darkened and reached for their master. "Nico di Angelo, don't you dare run!" Jason shouted. Like magic, the shadows froze and slunk back to their original positions. Nico, however, did not look any less panicked. "I'll leave you two to talk," Reyna said. The boys heard the door open and close behind her and both watched her figure retreat into the distance. "So…" Jason began. Nico flinched as if expecting to be hit. Jason frowned and slowly crossed the room as if approaching a frightened animal. "Reyna told me what happened." The effect was instantaneous. Nico whirled around to face Jason, his eyes wide and vulnerable. Jason quickly brought the smaller boy into a loose hug. "I don't hate you. I don't care what you did. Gods, Nico I just want to be with you." "But I…" "No. You weren't wrong in what you did. It was war and Octavian never should have sent Bryce after you. He was supposed to have died in his trial. If anything, you delivered justice." Nico trembled against him. "You don't think I'm a monster, do you?" "Never," Jason assured. The two stayed like that, curled up against each other before Jason broke the silence. "So, Nico… you never did give me any sort of answer. I like you. Do you like me?" Jason asked as he dipped his head down to look at the boy in his arms. Nico's cheeks were flushed red as he mumbled an answer and honestly, it was the most adorable thing that Jason had ever seen. "I do." "Will you be my boyfriend then, Nico?" "Yes," Nico replied, still blushing. Jason laughed with relief before leaning down and whispering, "Then can I kiss you?" If possible, the son of Hades' cheeks turned an even brighter red. "Mmhmm." And so Jason did and it was the best thing he had done all day. Hazel and Reyna were laughing at something that Frank had said when the two sons of the Big Three had arrived at the picnic. Nico took a seat beside Hazel and Jason took a seat next to him and Frank. "So… did you sort everything out?" Hazel asked. Nico smiled and kissed her cheek. "Yeah. We're good now." "More than good, actually," Jason chimed in and Nico blushed before hitting him lightly on the hand. Jason laughed and leaned forward to grab a sandwich. Reyna watched the two with knowing eyes and smiled. Nico returned her smile and poured himself a glass of water. Sitting here in the sun with his sister, his boyfriend and his friends was definitely not something he could see himself doing a year ago. Heck, he sometimes had trouble imagining it now. Even sitting at this picnic, smiling and throwing in his occasional two cents into the conversation, he was sure he was going to screw something up. But that was ok. Because Nico had people who he loved and who loved him. Jason reached over and covered his hand with his and gave Nico a smile. Nico smiled back and relaxed under his boyfriend's warm touch and for the first time in a long time, he realized, he was content right where he was. Welp, that's that. Hope you enjoyed it! Leave a review!