I said. I rubbed her boobs, kneading the flesh, pinching, pulling her nipples. My lips attached to the exposed flesh of her neck, sucking, kissing softly. She moaned softly, her head rolling to the side. I could feel the clench and release of her ass as it slowly relaxed, almost welcoming me inside. She rolled her hips on my lap slightly, sweet moans leaving her mouth. I saw her arm moving and realized she was touching herself, probably rubbing her clit. The muscles in her ass began to loosen as she swirled her fingers across her clit. I moved my hands from her boobs to her ass, squeezing her cheeks in my hands. I bit her shoulder, making her gasp loudly. "Ssh," I whispered in her ear. "Neither of us can afford to go to jail." "Na-no," she stammered. She kept working her clit. I felt the bizarre sensation of her finger probing her pussy, nudging my shaft through the thin membrane between them. I groaned, grabbing her by the hips and slowly withdrawing. "Oh fuck, Percy, no…too soon!" Annabeth groaned. From all the teasing I had been getting and from my previous fucking, it was all just too much. Although I had cum, I had a need that I couldn't take anymore. I couldn't stay this hard any longer. I managed to pull out a few inches before sinking back in, determined to go deeper. Her ass resisted the renewed intrusion, clutching at my shaft as I pushed inside. Annabeth groaned loudly as I pulled further, stroked harder, sawing in and out of her ass, steadily increasing my pace. The boxes under us collapsed under the force of our fucking, as we steadily shifted to a position more suited for butt-fucking. She ended up collapsed on the remainder of the boxes on her side of the closet bracing herself on her her elbows and I effectively mounted her ass as I drove in and out of her, determined to wash her guts with my cum. "Oh god! Oh fuck! Mm …fuck me! Fuck me, Percy! Ooh…aaah! " she exclaimed through her anal assault as I pounded into her, moaning and groaning, abandoning any concerns about being caught. Hopefully, the police were gone. She was thrashing underneath me, her ass willingly accepting my pounding cock as I fucked as hard and fast as possible. I felt the familiar sensation of my balls drawing up to my body and the feeling of cum beginning to race towards the tip of my cock like a rocket. I couldn't hold back the torrent of cum from unloading deep in Annabeth's ass. Where my previous orgasm was sudden and intense, this one was built up and drawn from every inch of my body, I convulsed with each jet I fired, pressing my pubic bone against the cheeks of her ass, trying to force myself inside even deeper. Annabeth gasped loudly as she felt her guts filling up with the sudden heat of my ejaculate. She arched her back, crying out, "Oh god! Fill my ass Percy! Soooo gooood! G-gonna cummmm! " She let out a wail loud enough for anyone within two miles to hear. She was cumming, hard. "Butt-fuck meeee , give me all the cummmmm!" Her spastic orgasm prompted me to continue to resume stroking in and out of her ass, fucking out the last few spurts from my cock. The renewed assault sent her forward, knocking more boxes over. She seized again, cum spraying out of her pussy as she came. I rocked my hips in and out of her ass, shallowly fucking hdr through her orgasm. When she came down from her high, we were both breathing hard. My flaccid cock flopped out of her ass, followed by my cum as her ass pushed it out. After several moments, fixed my shorts, then looked at my watch, seeing that it was well past midnight, nearly an hour and a half past when the cops showed up. Reluctantly, I said, "We should probably get outta here." "Mhm," Annabeth agreed. I watched her pull out a pair of panties, putting them on before adjusting the rest of her clothes. I really wanted to ask where those were the whole time, why she hadn't been wearing them, and so much more, but I figured I'd better not. Through the crack in the door, the light was off, meaning that at least the kitchen was empty. Thank god I thought. It was a struggle to crawl over the boxes, especially seeing that we were both spent from the previous fucking. We managed to stumble out of the closet into the empty kitchen. "Alright, Jackson, get us outta here," Annabeth whispered. I wanted to argue about why I had to do it, but instead, I took her hand, leading her over to the kitchen sink. "The deck door is probably locked right now. If anyone is home, the alarm system would be activated, so they'd know if we left through a door. We can crawl out through the window, though." "You should go first, since you know all of this for some odd reason," Annabeth whispered. I rolled my eyes, then crawled up on the counter. The kitchen window was always cracked open (because Jason's sister always needed a way to get into the house), so it was easy to pull open wider. I pushed my legs out first before jumping down, landing on my butt in the grass. Barely a second later, Annabeth came tumbling out, barely landing on her feet. Then, Annabeth said the most horrible thing ever. "Where's your car?" she asked. A/N: This story was inspired by Cramped in the Closet, a story on Literotica. This is gonna a three part story. I'm already working on part 2. Originally, it was just gonna be a one shot. But then this got really long and I figured no could handle that much smut in one chapter. So yeah. Read and review! Soxoxxoxoxoxoxo