looked towards Malcolm, whose gray eyes were a little worried. Then he twitched his head towards Chiron and Annabeth knew it was her turn. With a shaky breath and a nod in thanks to Malcolm she walked up next to Chiron. He had a lit torch in his hand and he gave a reassuring nod to her. Slowly, she unfolded the burial shroud and set it upon the flames neatly. Annabeth's hands were shaking, but she managed to get a folded up piece of paper out of her pocket. In the dead of night, while everyone else was sleeping, she had tried to write the perfect eulogy for Percy. She tried, to sum up what he meant to her in words, but no matter what she wrote, it would never compare to the feelings she got when she was around him. She unfolded it, but in her distress, she could barely read her own chicken scratch handwriting from last night. Instead, she crumpled it in her hand and decided to wing it. She realized she was crying, and quickly wiped away any tears and snot coming from her face before taking a breath and saying some few words. "He was probably the bravest friend I've ever had," she choked out, "He," she started scanning her eyes across the crowd. Then she saw something she'd never expect. Up at one of the entrances, she saw a familiar mop of black hair. He was standing there looking at all of them with shock and confusion. Annabeth gasped at the sight and pointed at him. "He's right there!" she exclaimed. Everyone's heads turned toward Percy, Annabeth saw Beckendorf call his name, and then run up to him, followed by everyone else who was cheering. Annabeth was too stunned to actually do anything. Chiron then burst through the crowds and Annabeth decided to follow. Anger coursed through her veins. Here she was, suffering from survivor's guilt for the past two weeks, and he had the nerve to come back completely healthy like nothing had ever happened? She surged up the stairs pushing her way through roughly. Then she was standing right in front of him. "WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?" she shouted. Before Percy could even answer she ran into him, giving him a bone crushing hug. Anger melted and all she felt was an immense relief. She just wanted to hug him forever and never let go. But when she looked up, she saw all eyes were on her, and she roughly shoved him away to gain her composure back. "I–we thought you were dead, Seaweed Brain!" she exclaimed, fond of the little nickname. He just shrugged his shoulders and had a sheepish look on his face. She still couldn't believe he was in front of her, alive and well. "I'm sorry," he apologized, "I got lost." Annabeth's eyes widened. "LOST?" She yelled, "Two weeks, Percy? Where in the world-". She was cut off by Chiron telling them that they should talk in the Big House. With that, he grabbed the two of them away from the scene. As he explained what happened, Annabeth couldn't help but feel he was forfeiting information from her. He was using vague details about what happened. How he got stuck on an island somewhere, and obviously someone helped him. But who? Hephaestus somehow found him and told him something and then he came back on a magic raft. "You've been gone two weeks," Annabeth said hoping her voice sounded steady enough. She was still very shaken up by the whole ordeal. "When I heard the explosion, I thought–", and then she was cut off by Percy who looked sad. "I know, I'm sorry," he apologized. His green eyes were sad and Annabeth hated seeing them like that. "But I figured out how to get through the labyrinth. I talked to Hephaestus." That piqued her interest and she leaned forward wanting to know what he learned. When he explained it, though, rage filled her up again. A mortal helping? She would do it over her dead body. Her pride was at stake here, she needed to lead the quest. "But this is my quest," she argued, "I need to lead it." Chiron had a look like he was reprimanding a disobedient child. She hated that look and snarled. "My dear, it is your quest. But you need help." Annabeth threw her hands up in the air. She couldn't believe what was happening. She felt wronged and offended by this suggestion. "And this is supposed to help? Please! It's wrong. It's cowardly. It's–". "Hard to admit we need a mortal's help," Percy interrupted. "But it's true." Annabeth hated how out of whack her emotions were. She was offended that Percy suggested the idea of a mortal's help in a demigod's quest, her quest no less. She was mad that he was interrupting her. She was still livid that he'd been marooned somewhere on an island, getting nursed back to health while she was killing herself over guilt. And she had a suspicion about where he was. The very idea of it made her blood boil. But she still was happy to see him back too. It made her head ache. But she still glared at Percy with all the fire, hoping she could portray all the hurt she built up the past two weeks. "You are the single most annoying person I've ever met!" she screamed. Then she stormed out of the room and to her cabin. Maybe now she won't have any more nightmares and can actually get some rest. She was still glad that Percy was back, no matter how annoying he was at times. Because at least she has her best friend again, and that he willingly came back to her. And Annabeth can happy with that for now. Hope you all liked it! I always wondered what Annabeth went through in that two-week period. So that was the inspiration to this. Reviews are welcome! Thanks everyone!