that this is the type of relationship Chiron had with her mother. Granted, Percy doubted that there was any romantic feelings between them. "I don't think I could ever forget your face. Between the tattoos and the Lesser Mark on your face, and of course your green eyes are one of a kind." "And to think...my childhood friend is Queen Ruseé of Naboo now. I know you'll be one of the greatest leaders Naboo has ever had." "That's if I don't get forced to abdicate in the following weeks," she scoffed turning away from Percy. Her back was up straight again, but Percy could sense the tenseness and turmoil inside of her. This blockade and problem with the Trade Federation suddenly seemed much more dire to Percy at that moment. Annabeth's planet and her people were in trouble, and the weight was on her shoulders to carry. "I won't allow that to happen. Now while I'm in charge of protecting you," Percy declared taking a step towards her. She turned around, her drape and dress whipping around behind her. Her eyes had taken a darker gray again. "What the people want is out of mine and your control. If I don't stop this problem with the Federation that will be the most probable outcome and we can't stop that." Percy could feel her temper and frustration rising within her. He could feel the heat coming off her body. He took a step closer keeping himself levelheaded. Percy had to control his emotions, so he didn't freak Annabeth out more. "Your plea for help was not heard upon deaf ears Annabeth. Chancellor Ramírez-Arellano ordered the Jedi Council to send someone to help and protect you. That is why I am here, and I will make sure to do my best. You said I can help persuade the Senate to support you, and I will." "I didn't mean it; it was only for show in front of my Council. I can't ask this much from you Percy. Even if you are a Master Jedi and my childhood friend. The burden is too much. My people elected me as Queen and it is my responsibility alone to help them." Pride is one hell of a bitch, Percy thought to himself. And he forgot just how stubborn she could be. Percy closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself down. He couldn't afford to lose his temper. "Annabeth, you're going to listen to me right now," he calmly demanded. Her eyes which were still a dark stormy color stared into his. They widened and she arched an eyebrow. "You're demanding me in my own throne room now are you?" she questioned with her pride showing. Percy clenched his hands into fists, his temper ebbing away at him. Annabeth was making this a lot more difficult than it needed to be. He took a step forward towards her while she remained in place. "Don't pull that entitlement crap with me Annabeth," he said in a low voice. Annabeth glanced down to where his robe exposed his lightsaber and she seemed to fully realize that he was a Jedi Master . Even though he used the light side of the Force, she knew all he was capable of. He didn't mean for it as a very subtle threat but it got her to listen to him. She took a step back from him, which caused a little stab of pain in Percy's chest. The tension between the two of them eased as Percy got his emotions under control again. He took another step towards Annabeth, and he could see it in her eyes that she wanted to step away from him but stood her ground. "Annabeth I need you to listen to reason. Don't let your pride block your vision," he softly said. "My pride-" Annabeth started in defense mode. Percy just arched an eyebrow at her. "Annabeth." She was looking down at the floor. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath before looking at Percy. "Maybe Senator Castellan could help me get sympathy votes in the Senate," she muttered. "And I'll help you. I have a whole crew of friends who are pretty influential people as well. I've got some friends in the Senate, and I'm on pretty good terms with Chancellor Ramírez-Arellano. I'll make sure nothing happens to Naboo under your reign." She arched an eyebrow and a little smirk formed on her face. "I'll hold you to that promise Jedi Master," she mock threatened. But Percy knew she really meant it. She would hold him to that responsibility and Percy was more than willing to do it. "I have no doubt Your Highness." Percy had subconsciously walked closer to Annabeth while they were talking. He couldn't help but stare at how beautiful she had become. Her lips were full and enticing, he was tempted to just lean in and kiss her right there. She had moved towards him making their faces just inches from each other. He had a few inches on her, but not much. She looked up, her gray eyes wide and innocent looking. They stared at each other for a few moments before she started to lean up towards him and him towards her… "Your Highness!" A voice boomed as the doors to the throne room was kicked open. The two of them tore apart from each other, Annabeth immediately slipping into her royal facade. Percy was amazed that she could do that. The man who bursted in, was a burly guy. He had his guard hat off showing his black buzz cut hair. He ran up to them. "We must leave. The invasion has begun," he said in a wobbly voice. So this is a secret santa gift on tumblr, and I don't know when the next part will be up. I thought it would be nice to put it up here in celebration of the Force Awakens. I hope you liked it :)