Nancy then strokes it lovingly and smooches him. "Aww… I'm sorry, honey. Here, let me kiss it better for you…" Sexy bitch. Fucking always knew how to tease him. "Yes, please." "Go on… Say it for me…" Oh, come fucking on. Do I really have to? Fucking hell you're going to be the death of me you are. "Do I really have to?" "If you don't, I won't suck you off." Fuck. That was a tough one. What does he do? What can anyone do in this kind of compromising position? "Fine… Please, honey." He can feel the blood pooling in his cheeks and his face go hotter in her bedroom. Nancy only giggles at her adorable lover's expression before leaning down and administering little kisses to the side of his cock, immediately making him forget about the pain that was searing through it about a minute ago. She sticks out her tongue and lets it rub and slide all over his cock's opening, lathering it up. Percy can only gasp and shiver as Nancy has him wrapped around her finger. Slowly, she sniffs his testicles and gasps, satisfied with his very male scent. That's exactly what a whore like her needs. A good, strong, suitable man for breeding. Wetness pools around her legs which doesn't go unnoticed by Percy. He can smell something new in the room and quickly recognises it as her body. How could he not? He's been practically living off her juices for the past 3 days. Using his strength to his advantage here, he quickly picks up Nancy and adjusts her slutty body, all sticky with cum and dried up fluids and lets her down, her crotch placed conveniently over Percy's head. His tongue darts and snakes around her soft folds and laps up all of the leaking goodness coming from the honeypot right in front of him for the taking. Just the way that Nancy's fragile yet beautiful body quivered and trembled in his rough grip made Percy's cock extend further and become more rock-solid in Nancy's mouth. Her massive melons squishing against his body, the way her ass cheeks jiggled slightly whenever she moved… He knew why he fell in love with her after their first fuck. Nancy, meanwhile, was practically in Nirvana. Her mind exploded with every flick of the tongue that Percy gave her, quivering and whimpering on his fat dick. "Oh, Jesus Fuck… Yeah, that's… Oh, that's so good, Percy…" Continuing their passionate oral sex escapade, Percy kept on assaulting and munching up Nancy's pussy before he felt that familiar jolt in her body which indicated she was about to cum. Being the loving boyfriend that he is, Percy kept going and didn't wince when she squirted right into his handsome face. Blinking only once, Percy opened up his mouth quite widely to practically inhale all of Nancy's discharge which resulted in Nancy falling down on his chest, still shaking from her orgasm. Despite Nancy's incredible moment of bliss, Percy hadn't relieved himself yet… And he was very determined to do so. Sending a loud smack on to Nancy's ass, he rolled over, hopped off the bed, walked around and stuck his cock in between Nancy's DD tits. It was one of his favourite positions, tit fucking. Just the way that you could see your girl underneath you push their boobs together to make your cock feel sensational… Oh, god… Percy puffs and pants like a wild dog before humping faster and harder to the point where Nancy can stick her tongue out and lick the end. With a very satisfied gasp, he releases an immense outflow of nutritious, masculine sperm. It pours out by the litre, coating Nancy's face and plastering it as if she were making a mould. Opening her mouth as large as possible, Nancy gulps down and swallows as much as she can, but doesn't stop Percy making an incredible mess, watching as cum drips down the side of and into her hair, all way through to soak the pillow underneath her head. "G-Gungh… Ugh…" She lies like there, in the exact same position as Percy gets up and lies down next to her, not caring about where they've spread their liquids. "I… I love you, Percy…" She mumbles softly before falling asleep, her body unable to keep up with the very satisfying pounding that Percy just gave her. Percy, in the meanwhile, smiles and gets up for a nice, quick shower. After 10 minutes of removing their odours, he walks out of the room with a satisfied sigh. "I fucking needed that, I did." He goes to grab covers that aren't as sticky as bubble gum whilst replacing the old ones… Loving the way Nancy's breasts heaved up and down with her breathing. Of course, Percy got into bed, next to his loved one and quickly found himself snoring off… Should he shut off the camera on the table? Naw, he'll do it in the morning. It's been rolling this whole time, he can afford to do it later. A/N: So… Yeah. Honestly, I never intended to publish this, but I got so carried away, I thought I might as well. Do expect a few more parts, but there won't exactly be an overbranching plot. Well, there will, which'll be Percy fucking girls brains out, but that's not the point! The point is, is that do expect a few more chapters for this story. I'll probably go for less 'celebrated' couples I guess, from the book. I'm planning on getting Drew some action next chapter, as well as maybe Clarisse, Silena and Rachel. I dunno. Suggestions? May even get a shoutout if you have a good idea. Anyway, point is, is keep your eye out for more! Oh, yeah… Do R&R. That does help. Also, I dun own PJO/It's characters. I just fap to 'e-I mean, what? No, did I say something… No, I'm sure I didn't! Alright, I'll stop. Anyway, seriously… Thanks for reading!