wearing all black no matter what the weather was outside, Annabeth didn't even know if Thalia owned a piece of clothing that wasn't a dark color. She was a punk rock type of person with short choppy black hair while Annabeth had wavy blond hair and preferred to wear lighter and simpler clothing instead of black leather jackets with studs. One thing the two shared was their intimidating nature. Although Annabeth didn't have half the school scared to death of her like Thalia did, they were both the type of people you did not want to make angry. There was only one thing Annabeth didn't like about Thalia and it wasn't even necessarily about her. Thalia and Percy were cousins. Annabeth didn't know how it was possible that her best friend could be related to such an ass with a big ego but it was true. "Yeah I had to take the bus today instead of driving because my car has some stupid problem with it." She grumbles tiredly, Thalia really wasn't a morning person. Before Annabeth could reply the teacher, Mr. Jameson starts the lesson on enzymes and proteins so Annabeth takes out her notebook to write down the notes the teacher was writing on the chalkboard. Her teacher goes abnormally fast during the lesson so Annabeth's usual neat and straight handwriting turns out to be messy and unorganized. Forty-five minutes later the bell rings signaling the end of first period. Annabeth's next class was English where she would have to write an in class essay on the Shakespeare novel they had just finished reading. It takes her the whole period but as soon as the bell rings Annabeth finishes writing her last word on the page and turns it in to her teacher. Two periods later it's finally time for lunch. When she reaches her locker, Annabeth chucks her books into it and makes her way to the cafeteria where her friends Piper, Thalia and Calypso were sitting at a table eating. "Can this day go any slower?" Piper groans in annoyance as Annabeth takes her seat next to Thalia after getting her lunch. Picking up a forkful of her salad, she listens as the conversation unfolds amongst her friends. "That's what you say everyday Piper." Calypso responds. "Well it's true! School sucks." "You can say that again." Thalia says. The cafeteria looked like your typical average high school. Everyone was split up by table and had their own cliques. There was the skateboarders consisting of the guys and girls who rode their boards to school everyday and for the most part didn't talk to anyone but each other. The nerds who were your typical book worm and straight A students. Annabeth was friends with a lot of them because of the fact that she was a pretty big nerd herself. The theatre kids who loved everything that had to do with art and music. They practically lived on the stage where all the school plays took place. They were really nice once you got to know them. Lastly, Annabeth's favorite, the populars (note the sarcasm). The group mostly consisted of the girls who caked their faces in makeup and the guys who were jocks and hooked up with just about anyone they found worthy of their time. Rachel and her minions were part of this group as well as-yup, you guessed it-Percy freaking Jackson. Besides being one of the most gifted high school hockey players in the state he was also the most popular person at Goode. He had just about every girl in the school wrapped around his finger. Annabeth couldn't understand how they could like someone so self centered and full of himself. Annabeth herself as well as her friends didn't really belong to any specific clique. They considered themselves to be more of a group that didn't want to be defined by a title. "So you think coach will make us condition today at practice?" Piper asks, interrupting Annabeth from her thoughts. "I don't think, I know she will." Piper groans in response. "This is so unfair. It's not even our fault! It's those idiot hockey players with their stupid egos." "Uh…can someone fill me in here?" Thalia asks confused. "This is why you should be on the figure skating team Thalia. You would know everything that goes on." Calypso says. "Oh hell no. Annie tried to take me skating once and it ended horribly. Besides, seeing you guys all riled up everyday when you explain what happened is entertaining." Annabeth and the others shoot her a glare before Piper fills her in on what happened at the rink yesterday, an annoyed expression apparent on her face as she recalls what happened. "And it really bites cause today we're supposed to get the big rink but instead we'll be doing leg and core workouts and probably not even touching the ice." Calypso adds once Piper finishes. "Damn that really does suck." Thalia comments. "Yeah and it's all your cousin's fault." Annabeth says angrily, taking a bite of her salad. The sound of the lettuce crunching fills the table as she chews. "You know he's really not that bad once you get to know him." Thalia defends, trying to ease the tension in the air that had surrounded them. "As long as he's a hockey player and as long as he acts like a complete and total arrogant jerk I won't see any point in getting to know him." So that's the first chapter what did you guys think? Don't worry I'm definitely trying not to make this a high school fanfic but it will be a part of the story considering they're all either seniors or juniors. Christina- the figure skating coach is my OC as well as Ashley and Rebecca but they're pretty minor characters so that's about the only thing I own not counting the plot line. Please let me know if you like it so far. REVIEW, REVIEW AND REVIEW! -M