no longer there. She looked like the portrait he had seen all those days ago. Her hands went flying to her mouth and she let out a joyful laugh. When she took them down the biggest grin he'd ever seen on her was stretching across her face. She ran over to him and ran her hand through his hair and was touching his shoulders and arms taking everything in with her own eyes. "Percy, you are so much more handsome than I ever imagined," she said with awe. He took her hand in his and ran his own hand through her curly blonde hair. He was just as much in awe of her as she was of him. She looked like the princess she deserved to be. He placed his hand on her cheek and traced over where her scars had once been. "And you are so beautiful," he whispered. The two of them just stared into each other's eyes for a few moments, taking it all in. He loved her with all his heart, and he could tell she did as well. The spell was broken after all. Slowly he leaned down towards her and closed his eyes. His lips locked onto hers and they kissed like they had been waiting their entire lives for it. He felt that spark he'd been craving his entire life. When they let go, he saw that the castle that was so scary and gloomy transform into a beautiful white and gold castle. The one that belonged to the royal family. Leo, Will, Ms. Demeter, Dionysus and all his other servant friends he had made while he was here emerged from the window. A mist surrounded them as they transformed into their former human selves. When the looked down to see that they were no longer objects, they rejoiced hugging and kissing each other. Annabeth's face lit up with excitement as she went over to hug each and everyone of them. Chiron emerged last from the window with a big smile on his face. When Annabeth saw him she immediately ran over and crushed him. "Chiron! Please tell me you can talk once more," Annabeth said. He let out a laugh and hugged her back. "Of course I can. It feels so good to be able to do so again my child." His voice was warm and soothing. Percy loved the sound of his voice and was glad he would be able to speak once again. He walked up behind Annabeth and wrapped his arm around her waist. She looked up at him with a loving expression. The two of them kissed again. Dionysus walked over clapping his hands. He had curly black hair that almost looked purple and a too small suit of the same color to match with it. "As custom, the future King and Queen must have a first dance together. Shall we?" "We shall," Annabeth said with joy. "Madame Amore! Piper! Silena!" Annabeth called out. Three beautiful women emerged from the window. The oldest of them, Madame Amore was fixing her dress she was in. She had beautiful blonde hair that was set in a very French pompadour look. The next one behind her was dark in color and had hazel eyes that seemed to change color. She was ruffling through her choppy brown hair. The last was stretching her arms and back. She had long wavy black hair and stunning blue eyes. "Thank god I'm no longer a mirror. Holy mother of God if I have to be manhandled by someone so vile again, I swear," Silena complained. Annabeth let out a laugh at her handmaiden. She walked over and placed a hand on her shoulder. "I don't think you have to worry about that ever again Silena," she assured. "Enough with this chit-chat! We have to get these love birds ready for their first dance together as future King and Queen!" Madame Amore exclaimed. The three handmaidens took Annabeth back while Percy was grabbed by some others. He was dragged out of the West Wing and into one of the many rooms of the castle. The decor inside had become beautiful and restored to it's former glory he observed. He would've loved to just look around, but he figured he had all the time in the world for that now. The servants quickly scrubbed him clean and dressed him in the same suit he danced with Annabeth many nights ago. It still fit him perfectly, and the blue and gold colors were nicely based with his skin tone. They combed his hair back so it wasn't in his face and before he knew it he was off to the grand ballroom. As he walked over, he saw Annabeth emerge from her bedroom. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a braided bun. She was wearing the same golden dress that seemed to be even more beautiful on her now that she had matching hair with it. He waited at the bottom of the stairs for her. Slowly with a hand on the railing she made her way down. When she did, he bowed to her in which she curtsied back. He reached out his arm towards her like he had done many times before. "May I have this dance my love?" A brilliant smile formed on her face as she linked her arm through his. She nodded her head. "You may." The two of them entered the ballroom where there were all the servants waiting for them. Applause erupted as the two of them began to dance around. He saw his mother wiping a tear from her eye and looking beyond proud of him. With the sunset casting a beautiful glow behind Annabeth, he leaned down and kissed his love once more, knowing they would have their happily ever after together. And that a wrap! I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did writing it! Reviews are encouraged and welcomed. Thank you! Until next time.