loyal to friends and family. It was his fatal flaw after all. How could he betray those who he cared about, his family in camp? His friends in Camp Jupiter and there on Olympus? How could he do that to them, even if they didn't care about him, he would still care for them. That's what a hero did after all. Percy shook his head and let loose a wry, sardonic laugh. "You all… man I honestly can't believe this." He looked around the room and his face turned dour. "I refuse to be chained, I refuse to be the hound of Olympus. There's your final answer. No." Zeus slumped slightly, as did many other Olympians. "You truly do not make things easy for us nephew. Are you sure that this is your decision?" The king asked, rising from his throne and towering over the young hero. Percy didn't waver from his glare and nodded his head once, giving his answer to the Lord of the Skies. "Then, as per my authority, I declare Perseus Ajax Jackson to be an immediate threat to Olympus. He is to be detained until he agrees to our conditions, and he is to be temporarily stripped of his blood-right. This decree will remain in effect up until the point when he concedes his folly, which will hopefully be soon." With that, he nodded to Hephaestus, who reluctantly waved his hand. Chains made of Imperial Gold immediately broke through the marble floor of the council room, and wrapped themselves around Percy's arms and legs. The hero was too slow to move, and therefore never had a chance to actually move out of the way of the chains as they pulled him down onto his knees. The golden objects tightened their grip on his arms and the teen let out a small groan of pain. A final chain wrapped itself around his neck tightly, giving him just enough slack so that he could breathe, although there was no comfort in the act as he felt his adam's apple scrape against the metal. "We are sorry that it had to come to this, but we need you to accept our offer. We simply want to protect ourselves and our children," Hephaestus said gruffly, though there was guilt detectable in his tone. "After everything… this… is just… just like you…" Percy struggled to talk due to the chain around his neck. He snarled at the Olympians as they all looked away. "You'll have to… keep me forever then… because… I won't back down on this…" "Place him in the cell, hopefully he'll come to see reason soon," Zeus said softly, before flashing out of the room. The rest of the gods followed suit quickly not wanting to see the hero that they owed so much to in chains for much longer. Only the God of the Forge stayed in the throne room, watching as Percy struggled against the chains. Said hero was trying his damnedest to fight against the constricting metal links, though even he knew that he couldn't break out of the handiwork of Hephaestus. There simply was no question, especially since it seemed like he was slowly being drained of his stamina the longer the chains remained wrapped around his body. It wasn't long before Percy felt his head grow light, and his vision go slightly fuzzy. Recognizing the telltale sign of oxygen deprivation, the teen tried one last gambit by calling upon his power over water to try and cut through the chains. He grasped for the moisture in the air, and tried to congeal it so that he could use it as a razor sharp weapon, but he soon realized that he couldn't control the water. Oh he could feel it, it was there in the environment, taunting him as it seemed so far out of reach. The water wouldn't move to his will, no matter how hard he tried to use his hydrokinesis. Mentally cursing the gods, he coughed a few times before turning his smoldering glare at Hephaestus, who did not flinch under the gaze. "Apologies are in order young hero. However, we all recall the betrayals of so many demigods in the Second Titanomachy, and none of us wish to see you fighting against Olympus or your friends. We had hoped that you would have seen our offer in a more positive light, though as I try to place myself in your position I can see how it could be considered a slight instead… I ask that you forgive us," Hephaestus muttered, before standing up and walking over to Percy. He shrunk down to a height closer to six feet, and knelt down where Percy was bound. "I must take you to our holding area, and there you will remain in these chains, which will slowly eat away at your divinity. Your father's powers shall not work while you are restrained by my creations. The chains are designed to slowly chip at your divine power, until it is all gone." Seeing Percy's distress in the teen's eyes Hephaestus raised a placating hand. "Your father will be able to re-grant you your birthright, and of course you will be made a god, and you will gain full divinity. However, we cannot have you trying to escape while you are being held. Meals will be provided twice a day, and the holding cell isn't all that bad honestly. You don't have to be a prisoner Perseus, just accept and this can end." Percy blinked away tears from lack of oxygen, but managed a half-conscious snarl. He tried to shake his head, but the chain on his neck was far too constricting to allow such movement. In the end he settled for painful silence, leading Hephaestus to sigh. The last thing his saw before darkness encroached on his vision was the god crossing his arms and shaking his head. Then, it all went black. (1) Reference to Avalon, the ever-distant utopia from Fate/Stay Night.