she stated. I just rolled my eyes, fixing my pants. I looked over and saw she had already fixed herself. "A few more minutes, then we can go," I said. "How many letters are in Halloween?" "Nine," she answered quickly. "Don't ask me to spell it though." "Well that's how many times I'm gonna make you cum today." "Including or excluding what just happened?" Annabeth asked. "Including, I'm not a monster," I said, making her laugh. Ω (Annabeth's POV) Let me clear this up, Percy and I don't share an apartment. It's Percy's apartment, and it has two bedrooms, one is his. The other is a guest room that he claims is all mine because I'm either always in there or in his. But yea, we don't share an apartment. I do have a key, but I don't live there. My toothbrush is there, as are a couple clothes, but I don't live there. As soon as we got back, I pulled off my heels, letting my bare feet touch the ground. I felt so much better. I heard the door close, then felt the bear paws on my waist. I grabbed at the paws, pulling them off of his hands. "How many more times do I get to make you cum?" Percy asked in a husky voice in my ear. "Seven," I responded. "Better get started, shouldn't we?" he asked, picking me up. He carried me to HIS room, which was pretty close to the entrance. "Do you just not have any condoms?" I asked. "None at all," he responded, dropping me on his bed. "I'm just gonna rip these to shreds if you don't mind." Before I could respond, he quickly tore the dress down the middle. "Lookie, now you're completely naked." "I still have stockings," I pointed out. "Easy fix," he said, pulling them down. "I won't rip them, cause Ima put you in these again." "Thick Daddy," I whined. Percy smiled at me, then gave me a passionate kiss. He pulled his lips back a few millimeter, saying, "If you'd like, you don't have to call me that anymore." "We'll see," I whispered, then kissed him again. Percy put his hands in my hair, pulling the ribbons out, my blonde curls falling down around my shoulders. His fingers ran through my hair, his other hand gently going down my body. His tongue ran across my bottom lip, and as soon as I opened my mouth it was inside. It was a tongue battle of dominance, where he was winning, which was new. I had one hand tangled in his black hair, the other tracing the muscles of his core. He kicked off his shoes as I brought my hands down, undoing his shorts. As soon as I did, I could feel his hard dick against my stomach. I smiled and he moved his lips back. "What?" he asked. "I didn't think you'd still be so hard," I said, stifling my laughter. "I spaced them out good," he said with a cocky smile. "Any other questions?" "No," I said. "Sure?" Percy whispered, making a face, then moved down to my ear. His began sucking on the sweet, tender spot under my ear, making me moan. "Yes," I moaned in response, feeling him smile against my skin. Percy trailed kisses down my neck and to my collarbone, knocking his teeth against the bone. "Ow," he groaned, but continued down my body, his mouth making contact with my right breast. "My favorite chew toy," he said in a childish voice, then began to suck on my nipple. I let out a moan, then felt him smile again. One of his hands pulled and pinched on my other boob, while the other slowly rubbed my clit. He moved his fingers a little lower, leaving his thumb on my clit, his middle finger sliding into my pussy, aided by my wetness. I moaned again as he moved his mouth onto the next boob. He added another finger, slowly moving them around inside of me. As soon as his finger hit that tender spot inside of me, I couldn't help but are my back. And maybe cum. Don't judge. As I calmed myself down, Percy pulled back from me, sticking his fingers in his mouth. He closed his eyes and moaned, then pulled his fingers out, opening his eyes. "What's that? Four?" Percy asked. "Three," I corrected. "I'll make it four," he said, descending between my legs. "Why'd you show off your dick if you weren't gonna fuck me right away?" I asked. He shrugged. "My pants were hurting me," he said. "Plus, it wouldn't be fair for you to be completely naked and me still in my costume." Isn't my Percy so sweet? I felt the tip of his nose brush against my clit, making me moan. He stuck his mouth on my clit, his tongue flicking around it. His sea green eyes watched me as I squirmed around during his attack on my clit. It took less that five minutes before I was cumming again. By the time I regained my compulsion, I saw Percy smirking at me between my legs. "That's four out of nine," he said. "Five more to go, and I can last all night." The fifth orgasm was brought during a good, slow, missionary fucking. The sixth was a good, teasing slow doggy style. By then Percy had came and was completely exhausted, making me laugh. "I guess you won't finish your quest," I joked. "You're funny," he said, getting up. He picked me up, walking slowly across the room. "What are you doing?" I asked. "To the shower, then I'll really be able to go all night," he said, surprising me. So then, laying on the shower floor while the water hit us, Percy fucked me until he could spell Halloweenie II. Afterwards, I had somehow dosed off near the end, and ended up waking up in the warmth of Percy's bed. Best. Halloween. Ever.