and shout 'welcome back'. " Annabeth asked while running. "I don't know. We will decide when we get to the cabin." Jason responded "I have something in mind." Piper said quietly. They reached the cabin and Jason opened the door. "What?" All of them asked at once. Piper stayed silent. "Well maybe we could get a bunch of confetti canons and streamers..." Hazel said hesitantly. "Let's just do what comes in our mind. Leo loves us and is going to appreciate whatever we do! Let's just start first!" Percy said already beginning to clear the room. "I'm gonna get a cake!" Frank said and rushed off "I am get the streamers, confetti canons, balloons and whatever I get! Annabeth and Piper I'll need some help!" Hazel said. "I'll come with you. Jason, Piper and Percy should clean the cabin!" saying this Annabeth took Hazel's arm and rushed out the door. "Okay boys we need to clean this fast!" Piper said shoving most of the stuff under the bed. "It's a good thing Jason's a clean freak" Percy said snickering. In 10 minutes the cabin was spotless. Just then Hazel and Annabeth arrived. Everyone scrambled to decorate the cabin. ~about 15 minutes later~ "Leo must have arrived! Piper see if you can try and stall them! "Jason said urgently. "On it!" and Piper ran off. "Okay guys we have about 4 minutes more until Leo arrives! Fast! Fast! Fast!" Jason said shouting. Piper ran out the cabin door to see the Argo 2 landing ahead. There was a crazed person jumping on it was Leo Valdez. As soon as the Argo 2 landed Piper hugged Leo and kissed him on the cheek. She gave Calypso a hug. "Welcome back you two! And Calypso I have heard a lot about you!" She said smiling. "Good to see you too Pipes!" Leo said grinning. Piper realized that Leo had never been happier. His eyes had that playful naughty sparkle which was lost since his return for Ogygia. Piper was really really happy for him. "Come Calypso let me give you a tour and you people should meet Chiron." Piper said thinking of more ways to delay them. "No let's meet Jason first." Leo said walking towards his cabin "he told me to meet them in his cabin." "No! no! no! we should meet Chiron first!" Piper said dragging them towards the big house. "Piper I want to meet Jason!" Leo wailed. "No! He is angry with you for leaving just like that!" Piper lied. "Oh. " Leo's eyes lost some of that sparkle. Piper felt horrible lying to Leo but she imagined his face when he would open the cabin door and that made her feel a little better but only a little. "Yeah give him some time." Piper said softly. "It's my mistake." Calypso said speaking for the first time. "No Calypso it's not!" Leo said cupping her face. Then he turned to Piper. "Calypso thinks that because I rescued her from Ogygia I destroyed my whole life." Leo said "Calypso, everything is fine. Jason is angry because Leo didn't inform us." Piper said. Suddenly she saw Hazel. Hazel pointed towards Jason's cabin and gave a thumbs up sign. "Or maybe we should meet Jason first." Piper said walking towards cabin one "But you said he is angry" Leo said walking with her. "Maybe he will be so happy to see you that he will forgive you." Piper said. Piper, Leo and Calypso start walking towards the cabins when they get stopped by Chiron. "Valdez! You're back! How was your trip?" Chiron asked Leo smiling. "Hold up. You knew Leo went to get Calypso? And you're awake?!" Piper intervened. "Yes piper. I'm awake,and he asked me permission to leave camp so I let him." Chiron answered. "Thanks again Chiron!" Leo said filled with joy. "Calypso it's great to meet you and you will be staying in your own cave like cabin that Rachel has. I'm sure once you get the tour you will understand that better." Chiron said shaking Calypso's hand. "Chiron do you think they are in trouble?" Piper asked referring to Leo and Calypso. "I don't think so. But for now go enjoy yourselves." Chiron said smiling. They all head for the cabins. "Piper, Jason said his cabin right?" Leo asked. Piper didnt respond. Leo turned around 360 degrees and realized Piper had disappeared. Piper was sprinting around the back of the cabins to get to Jason's. she finally reached it and climbed through the window. "Come Calypso! I will introduce you to my friends!" He said smiling and laced his fingers through her. "Will they like me?" Calypso asked chewing her lip nervously. "They are gonna love you! You just have that thing!" He said giving her a quick kiss on he lips. "Okay." calypso responded smiling. Leo pulled Calypso through the cabin door with shock on his face. "Welcome back!" Everyone shouted. "Guys!" Leo grinned as everyone gave him a hug. "This is calypso!" Leo said smiling like crazy after everyone finished hugging him. "Yeah! I know! We have met before!" Percy said before realizing what he just said. Everyone just ignored Percy's comment. "So Calypso, finally we get to meet you! Leo has told us a lot about you!" Jason said grinning. "It's so great to meet you all too!" Calypso said cheerfully. The whole rest of the day was spent with lots of laughs and jokes. ~around midnight~ Everyone left Jason's cabin after cleaning up. Piper was just about to leave "Piper wait" Jason said Piper turned around to face him and walked closer to him. "Will you..." Jason hesitated "can you, um stay?" "Of course sparky. No need to be shy or scared I'm not going anywhere" Piper replied. Jason relaxed and pulled Piper into a hug. They ended up in bed with Piper's head on Jason's chest and Jason's arms wrapped around Piper's waist and that how they stayed the rest of the night.