wanted a sense of normalcy more than anyone I ever knew. But he was the most powerful demigod I've ever seen in all my years." She could see Theodosia looking around at all the photos, taking them in fully for the first time. "Can you tell me about him?" she asked. Annabeth looked down at the paper, the last real piece of evidence to show that Percy existed. She held it out to Theodosia. "Everything you need to know about him can be found right in here," she declared. The younger daughter of Athena took the letter from Annabeth and gently opened it. She held it like it was the most delicate thing she's ever touched. Annabeth watched as her gray eyes scanned the sentences on the paper. When she had finished, her eyes were glossed over with unshed tears. "He wrote this to you?" she muttered. "I read it for days after he died. He had entrusted Chiron to give me the letter when he passed on. I memorized every detail of it, knowing that if I lost that letter, I would lose the last real piece of him with it." She gestured for Theodosia to come closer to her. She scooted over on the couch so that she was next to Annabeth. Annabeth took her youthful hand in her old, weathered one and patted it lovingly. "But now I feel it is my time to leave." Theodosia's eyebrows scrunched together in a way Annabeth knew was similar to hers. She tilted her head to the side. "Leave, what do you mean?" Annabeth gave a knowing smile to her and squeezed her hand. "My daughter, I think you know what I mean." After a moment, realization seeped into her face. Her gray eyes widened and glistened over with tears. Her mouth fell open and she leaned in closer to Annabeth. "How-how can you know? You can't leave yet!" She let out a deep breath, calming the young woman down. A single tear had fallen from her face, and Annabeth wiped it away with her thumb. "Theodosia, I have lived long enough. I fulfilled my promise to Percy, and all of my fallen friends. I am no longer needed, for it is time for a new generation, filled with all the hopes and dreams I once had to take my place in making this world better for demigods like us to live in. I have done my duty, now it's time for me to join all my loved ones in the afterlife. I've been far overdue." Theodosia was crying and shaking her head. She was looking down at the floor, sniffling. When she looked back up, her gray eyes were rimmed with red. "When you die, every person who you ever helped will be devastated. What will we do without you?" she sobbed. "Take Percy's letter. Remember the message he wrote in it for me, and bring it forth with you. Remember us, tell our story as future generations will tell yours. Create a world that will better the future for your family. The world will be fine without me, I promise. And you will too," she swore. Annabeth leaned back in her chair and closed her eyes. The faint sound of Theodosia sobbing was mere background noise to her now. When she opened her eyes, in front of her was a tall man with massive black wings that shimmered. She knew immediately who it was. "It's time," she whispered. Thanatos nodded as he walked over to her. He gave her the smallest of smiles before he touched her chest, right over her heart and she felt her soul leave her body. Before she left, Annabeth saw the scene above her. Her mortal body, which was weathered by time, seeming to be sleeping peacefully on her loveseat. Theodosia, sobbing harder as she realized that she was no longer alive. Annabeth looked at her own glowing form, noticing that it had returned to her strong, healthy body of her youth. She floated down and gave one last hug and kiss on the cheek to the young woman. Theodosia looked up, halting her crying for a moment looking around. She couldn't see Annabeth, but she could feel her presence. "I will take your words to heart Annabeth. May you have a peaceful afterlife." She took out two golden drachma and placed one on each of her eyes. In her ghostly hands, two pieces of gold shimmered into existence. She closed her palm around it and gave a smile before leaving with Thanatos. The trip down to the Underworld was a fast one, given that she had already had her payment for Charon. He had made some snarky comment about how he thought she'd never die, which miffed her but ignored it. She just wanted to be next to Percy more than anything else in the universe. When she got down to the Underworld, one of the undead guards escorted her straight through the Hall of Judgement. One look at her, and the judges pointed her in the direction of Elysium. The path had turned to beautiful cobblestone which led to beautiful golden gates that guard the souls that achieved Elysium. The gates opened, shining a bright light in her eyes, making her close them. When the light faded, she was greeted by a sight that made her cry. Percy, in all his beautiful glory stood in front of her with the same smile and green eyes she loved. Flanked on either side was all her friends. She ran to him and engulfed him in the biggest hug. He spun her around like she was a princess and they both laughed at the euphoric feeling that engulfed both of them. "I'm so glad you finally joined us," he whispered. The two of them shared a kiss. It was the beginning of a beautiful forever. There you go! Hope you liked it! Reviews are greatly appreciated and welcomed! Thank you. Until next time. :)