them. Luke was, as far as I know, the most popular senior last year. "Oh cause they became a thing around the same time you tried to get together with Rachel," Grover says. "Took a long time to live that down," Nico says with an evil grin as my face begins to burn. "Maybe that's why she moved to that all girls prep school," Leo says. "She couldn't be around Percy and his unrequited love f—" "Oh my gods guys shut up!" Figures a girl like Annabeth would've been with a guy like Luke. If I thought she was out of league before, knowing about her being with Luke made things way worse. Even though I found myself attracted to her, I didn't let my friendship with Annabeth be ruined by a crush. In fact, things were generally the same after I found out about Luke. Every day after school, we would go over my homework while having the most random of conversations. I'd actually come to know a lot about her, from her fear of spiders to her many building concepts and ideas. As the year progressed, my grades boosted to mostly Bs and B minuses, with the exception of a solid C in geometry, to the surprise of both my mom and Paul. My mom was really proud of me, and it felt great being able to see her so happy. However, my grades were no longer the biggest of my concerns as the school year was almost over. As the days went by, the desire to tell Annabeth about my feelings for her became more and more tempting. It seemed that every day, I found some small reason to like her more, to the point that she was literally the first and last thought of my day. Before I knew it, the last day of school had arrived. Finals were over, and I had breezed through my exams thanks to Annabeth's help beforehand, but now the biggest test of all had come; how was I going to tell her I like her? I knew if I didn't get to it soon, I wouldn't be able to do it at all. I had no classes with Annabeth since she took all APs and I took none. Thankfully the last day had no classes and was just four hours reserved for tidying up and saying farewells, so I could use that time to try and find her and talk to her alone. I had just about given up after looking for her for an hour with no luck, when I felt somebody's hands cover my eyes from behind me. "Guess who?" I hear from a familiar voice. "Annabeth?" I say, feeling a blush on my cheeks for no apparent reason. "Correct, Seaweed Brain," she says. "Seaweed Brain?" I ask, raising an eyebrow at the new nickname. "Cause you're a swimmer and your head's full of kelp?" she suggests with a grin. "Nice one Wise Girl," I quip. "Wise Girl? That's the all you could come up with?" she teases, her grin widening. "Not all of us can have amazing nicknames like 'Seaweed Brain,'" I say, making her laugh. "Look, I just wanted to…um, thank you for helping me get my grades up." Grades. Really? That's all I could come up with? "Hey, it's no problem Percy. I mean, it wasn't easy, but I did make a friend out of it," she says. "Well, um, that's the thing…" It's now or never. "I kinda want to be…more than friends." "What exactly do you mean?" she says, raising an eyebrow. Shit, is she really going to make me say it? "Well uh… I feel like we got pretty close… and I've been thinking of you a lot lately… and I was wondering if maybe, we could, you know, try for a relationship…as more than friends," I say, feeling my face burn. That came out way more stuttery than I wanted. I wait for her to respond, but she just stares at me, expression blank. "I knew this was a bad idea," I say, feeling embarrassed by her silence. "Why do you say that?" she asks, her expression neutral. "Because you're out of my league, you're smart, gorgeous, you're…amazing…" I tell her, feeling my face get hotter than it was before, which I didn't think was possible. "You dated Luke Castellan last year, I should've know this was a stupid idea." She rolls her eyes, as an irritated look crosses her face. "Percy, seriously? Are you kidding? Luke was a dick, he just wanted to date me so he could win a senior dare. He just wanted to sleep with me to say he did it with a freshman." "So you don't like him?" I ask, dumbfounded. "Duh, Seaweed Brain," she says, smirking. "I'm done with assholes. I do like this one guy though…" "Wait, so do you like me back?" I ask her, still unsure. God, I bet planning Ancient Greek battle strategy would be easier than getting my way through the minefield I'd gotten myself in. "Ewww, no Percy… You're kind of a loser," she says. I feel a sinking in a chest, then I look at her and see her suppressing a smile (and failing miserably at it might I add). "Oh my god, you're messing with me!" I say. "I can't just give you the answers. I have to make you think first," she says with a smile that makes me feel weak in the knees. "You aren't making this easy," I tell her, unable to look away from her mesmerizing grey eyes. "I will never make anything easy for you Seaweed Brain," she says, moving closer to me, until our faces are inches apart. "Get used to it." With that, she grabs my shirt and locks our lips together. And it was pretty much the best kiss ever. Please review and tell mewhat you think of this and if I should write a version from Annabeth's perspective!