this guy is interesting to talk. " This is my mouth, my voice I can say anything, do anything, u do what u want and say what u want." That how I deal with people like him. "No, I don't like Reyna, she don't like me so why should I like her?" He said with a smirk "So if she like u then u will like her?" " If she cooperate no like, But I am better than her I feel." He corrected as if she will cooperate. "And Frank Zaghn the other preator?" " Hes a preator just because Jason it to him. That dolt I could have been the other Praetor." He said in an irritated tone. Now here we are. Octavian left with a disgusted look on seeing Jason and Percy, I think it was a old rivalry. Nico's POV I don't know what Percy said was true or not but I also suspect that Reyna and Ryan know each other for a long time and they are hiding it. Because whenever we take Ryan infront of Reyna she become annoyed or scared like something might happen. Here comes Ryan. "Hey I am accepted in the legion." He said with a smirk. "Had Octavian said something insane or something?" asked Hazel. " Ha, no we just had a nice normal talking." As if that was obious. " What? Nice talk?". Percy asked in amuse. Really that was something which we are not very used to. "I just asked him whether he liked the praetors and his answer was quite negative." "Of course he wanted to be the praetor." Hazel said with a relief. " ok so where now? Do we have to meet Reyna again?" He asked as if tired and I think he might be tired after so much. "Yeah we have to go to Reyna and then we have to get ready for the war games." And of course I would not be playing just watching. That I didn't say. Percy, Annabeth, Jason and Piper were going to get ready for the war games and Hazel thought to take a ride on Arion and that leave Frank because hes the Praetor, Leo and me to take Ryan to Reyna-The- Great - Empress ( Hitler as I say) I heard her say herself The great empress when I was crossing the Garden of Bacchus and she was standing there all alone and talking to her metal dogs, they are so fierce that no one speak any lie in front of her. And believe me I was as startled as u all to hear this because shes not at all proud shes so god and humble ( don't take that in wrong way) and maybe she was just joking. Who knows? No one can understand her. She seems to know what to do to get anything right. Like for e.g. She knew that to defeat Gaia Romans and Greeks have to unite so she tried to become frnds with the Greeks but Eioldons ruined it. Again she traveled all the way to the ancient land and carried the Athena Parthenos because she knew that would bring peace and Gaia could be defeated. I am also not so correct in my decisions. Here she is. In the garden of Bacchus trying to pet her new Pegasus "Cosmos" I don't know whether it is true or just a rumor but to refree the war games she do need a Pegasus. The Pegasus was indeed very beautiful. It was Black and with a shade of Grey. And uhhhhhhh…. How to say it? Reyna was trying to tame it and it was kinda funny. We have to suppress a laugh. Reyna's hands were half a way from the pegasus's head and was conforming his name. " Your name Anndy? No, then what ? How about Cosmos?" Questions like this she was asking the Pegasus. Lovingly like this animal is her own sibling. Reyna?" Frank asked. " What?" Reyna turned and freezed like she saw a ghost. " Is he accepted or not?" she asked looking in Ryan direction patentionally. " Yes, I am accepted" Ryan said with a smile and started singing some song that irritated Reyna and she shot him a glare bt that didn't stopped him. "Take him away" she said turning away. She is Unpredictable . Reyna's POV Idiot. Why do he have to sing that song that make me laugh? It has beena long time we saw each other I think It might be 2-3 yrs. Bt he hasn't changed at all. And he is my cousin. Yet a child of Bellona. Coincidence? WAR GAMES ( 3rd person Pov) All the campers assembeled at the Mars Field. After Reyna arrived all of them stood in neat lines according to their cohorts, except Nico who will just watch. Ryan walked towards Reyna and stood in front. "Anyone wants to stand up for him?" She asked but putting more force on the word Him. *sering staring between the seven and nico tried to figure out why* "I- I will stand" Reyna eyed Annabeth and the others. And Fifth cohort banged their shield against the ground accepting Ryan. "Then lets start the game after the dinner. And yes, Annabeth if you had taken the responsibility then I am pretty sure he won't do anything wrong but be cautious he is nu here." Reyna said turned towards the dining hall. " until you are claimed u are on probation." Reyna Prayed her mom not to claim him. *time passed* After dinner all of the campers got ready for the war games. "Third, Fourth and fifth cohorts attack and First and second Cohort defend". Reyna said as usual. The games started. ( I am not gonna define it cuz it's a Reyico fanfic not war games fanfic.) *Time passed* "Winner is the Fifth cohort and golden laurel goes to Dakota." Reyna almost said Dakota as a question. *Night. all go to sleep*