self around her which she found weird. He seemed stressed about something and worried. And she didn't know how she could help him at all. "Is there anything I can do to help you Percy?" she asked softly. He just had this sad look in his eyes. Like he was going to do something he would regret deeply. His green eyes which Annabeth had fallen in love with were churning like waves before a storm hit shore. She had invited him into her cave and set up a campfire inside to keep them warm from the coldness outside. They both were huddled together and she gave him an enchanted cup from the dining hall. She had hot chocolate in her cup with mini marshmallows. Percy had hot cider in his. They were both silent as they watched the flames dance. The embers would go high into the ceiling of the cave before flickering out into nothingness. It was calming to watch the red, yellow and oranges of the flames. It warmed her physically and calmed her mentally. She needed calm at this point. Percy put his cup down and went into his satchel bag that he always brought with him. He dug out a container and opened up the lid. Something sweet filled her nostrils and her mouth started to water. Percy chuckled lowly at her reaction. She just raised an eyebrow and gave a small smile. "It's a batch of my mom's famous chocolate chip cookies. Just got them via Hermes today." He took one out and gave it to her. The first thing she noticed was that they were dyed blue. She raised an eyebrow in question. "Inside joke between the two of us," he answered. She nodded and realized that the cookies were still warm, like they had just come fresh out of the oven. She could feel the chocolate chips melting on her fingertips. Annabeth looked up at Percy who nodded in encouragement to eat them. "They won't kill you," he promised. Annabeth trusted him. She slowly raised the cookie to her mouth and took a huge bite out of it. Immediately the dough melted in her mouth. It was the most delicious cookie she had ever eaten in her life. She quickly devoured the rest of it after that first bite. She looked back at Percy who had a sad look on his face. She didn't understand why though. "That was the best thing I've ever eaten," she praised. "I'm glad you liked it, and I'm so, so sorry Annabeth." Annabeth cocked her head in confusion. Why would he be sorry for giving her a cookie? A moment later her head began to cloud up and she seized up not being able to move her body. Her snakes were hissing loudly and her rattle was shaking rapidly. She was very scared and was thrown back to when she was eight. It was getting tricked all over again. This time it was by someone she trusted. She had never felt more betrayed in her entire life. He had poisoned her. She fell to the floor trying to understand why this was happening to her. She didn't even have the energy or power to petrify him for tricking her. She was completely immobile and helpless. His face came into her line of vision. Tears were coming down his face and he had his sword out in his hand. Percy was going to kill her and she didn't know why. Annabeth wanted to know why. "Why?" she croaked out. "Because I have no other choice," he cried out in agony. At that exact moment she felt like a comet. She had finally hit the atmosphere and was burning until she turned into dust. She admitted defeat and was ready to die. Annabeth closed her eyes and awaited death. "I love you so much Annabeth, so much more than you will ever know," he whispered. She heard the whiz of the sword in his hand and then… ...felt nothing. It was a clean cut. Straight through her neck. Her eyes were still closed. Percy felt all the guilt crash into him like a tsunami. He sobbed and sobbed until his throat was raw and his eyes were bloodshot and his cheeks were flushed. He would cry until his own untimely death to show how guilty he felt. The worst part was that Chiron knew. He told him how Poseidon had given him a choice to make. Chiron had a grim look descend upon his face when he heard the story. There are some choices you can't get out of , he said. Chiron I can't kill her, I just can't! She's innocent! he pleaded. A stray tear came out from the old centaurs eye. He looked guilty about the words he was about to say. It's better to sacrifice the life of one to save the lives of many , he whispered sealing Annabeth's fate. A bright light illuminated the cave making him look up. Where the body of a gorgon was, now laid a beautiful girl with curly blonde hair and tan skin. She was still dead, but he knew that her spell was broken. It was all a cruel game with Poseidon. He got on his knees and looked towards the heavens even though he knew his father wasn't up there. "I HOPE YOU'RE HAPPY NOW. LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DO. YOU MADE ME INTO A MONSTER. A MURDERER," he shouted at every god who was listening to him. "SHE'S DEAD BECAUSE YOU MADE ME KILL HER. NOW SHE'S GONE!" He broke down into more tears. "And it's all my fault," he sobbed out to himself in the isolated and lonely cave. "It's all my fault." And that's a wrap! Sorry if I made you all cry. But I have a question. The books Percy gave Annabeth, why do you think I picked those ones? Review your answers and give me feedback! Thank you again! xoxox