a skateboard?" Nico asked. "When I was really little. Not since I came to camp." "Okay, next is the balance beam." Nico said, his limp had gone away already and he stopped by the long beam. Will stepped onto it and immediately almost fell off. He stuck his arms out to the side for balance. The beam was about 10 feet long and about as wide as Will's foot. Nico stood beside Will on the floor and held up one hand. "If you start to fall, grab my hand. It should help steady you." Will was surprised. Nico was letting Will touch him. After two steps forward, Will saw why. He started to tip and grabbed Nico's hand with his left. When he stopped shaking, Will started forward again. "Thanks." Nico nodded. After another three steps, Will wobbled again. This time, he couldn't catch his balance until he put one foot on the ground. "Try again." Nico said as he took a couple of steps back to the start of the balance beam. Will looked at how long the beam was. He had only made it about 3 feet. Not even halfway. This time, when Will stepped up onto the beam, Nico hopped up in front of him, facing him. He held out his hands a little. "It might be easier to use both hands to steady yourself." Will nodded. He looked down at the beam in front of him and concentrated on putting one foot in front of the other. He noticed Nico taking small, quick steps backward, not wavering at all. After three steps, Will wobbled and grabbed on to Nico's hands. His hands moved, and Will was afraid he would tip Nico over, but then he realized that Nico was pushing him so he would be standing straight again. "Thanks," Will said. "No problem." Nico replied. Will took a few steps forward, a little distracted because Nico actually didn't flinch for once when Will had touched him, and his foot slipped. He made a desperate grab for Nico and missed his hands. He grabbed Nico's shoulders instead. Instinctively, Nico ducked and stepped off of the beam, leaving Will to fall off after him. He landed on his back. "Sorry." Nico said, holding out a hand to help Will up. "No, it's okay, I'm sorry I missed your hands." Will said, taking Nico's hand. When he was standing again, he saw a glimmer of amusement in Nico's eyes. Will sighed. "I'll try again." Part of Will was jumping up and down at seeing Nico having a little fun, even if it was because Will fell down. They both went to the beginning of the beam and started again, the same as last time, with Nico in front of Will, ready to help him if he needed it. This time, Will only needed help three times and he made it to the end. Nico hopped off the end neatly (facing the wrong way, the son of Hades didn't even need to look!) while Will stumbled down, a little less gracefully. "Will," "Yes?" "I hate to tell you this, but your balance sucks. We'll have to work on that." Half of Will pouted. He couldn't be that bad. The rest of him was celebrating that 1 Nico had said 'we' so Nico would still help him. 2 Nico sounded like this would become a normal thing for them to come up here. 3 Nico is AMAZING at gymnastics and didn't mind helping him. Outwardly, Will sighed. "Okay." Nico looked at him, worry showing in his dark brown eyes. "You do want to come back, don't you?" Will's eyes widened. "Yes! Yes, I do. I really do. Nico this is so cool, I definitely want to come back." Nico relaxed and headed towards the stairs. "Good, I would kind of like to have someone here with me." Will grinned. He knew Nico wasn't as antisocial as he claimed. "I can't believe you haven't told anyone about this. Nobody knows about it except me, right?" Nico suddenly spun around and looked Will right in the eyes. "Yes, and if you ever tell anybody , I will send some skeletons after you. Got it?" Will looked directly back at Nico. "Got it. Your secret is safe with me." "Good." Will walked back to the bathroom and changed back into the clothes he had arrived in. When he came out, he handed Nico his clothes back. The son of Hades shook his head. "Keep them. If you are coming back, you'll need them." "Okay, thanks. Hey, if I come back, does that mean I get to see you wear different colors?" Will couldn't resist teasing Nico just a little, and it seemed a little safer to tease him about his clothes rather than the fact that he can do gymnastics. Nico sighed as he started down the stairs back to the first floor. "I suppose so." "Awesome. I bet you look great in yellow." Nico stopped and looked back at him. He raised an eyebrow. "What? I've never seen you in yellow and it's my favorite color." Nico continued down the stairs. "Stereotypical son of Apollo." Will gasped dramatically. "Says the son of Hades who no one has ever seen with any color besides black on." Will avoided the Hawaiian shirt issue this time. "Hey, I do wear the Camp Half-Blood shirt." "After washing it with all of you black clothes enough times for the orange to become a dirty brownish color." Nico shrugged. "What can I say?" Will snorted. "So, should I come over tomorrow after the infirmary?" "Yes, I mean, if you still want to." "Of course I will." Will looked down at the clothes in his hands. "Um, should I leave this here? I'm only going to use them here, and I don't want anyone asking where I got them or anything." "Oh, yeah, good point." Nico took them back and watched as Will let himself out. "Bye, Will." "Bye, Nico."