with Annabeth. She's stubborn as hell. "The difference between Loki and myself is that I am smarter than him. He tried to use Chitauri to take over Terra! I was using their own species which is better. It was mere fun I wouldn't rule over them forever! Just for a few millennia!" "Terranians are not meant to be ruled by one being. It is impossible you should know that! Now give me my spear Calypso. I do not wish to fight you. You can let me put the collar on you the easy way or the hard way. The choice is up to you." Calypso looked down at the golden spear then back at Annabeth whose gray eyes were piercing her. She thrusted her hand forward and transformed the spear into the famous dagger she used. Then she charged Annabeth. Calypso had the upperhand because she was with a weapon and Annabeth didn't have any. But it didn't last long. Annabeth kicked Calypso against the wall which sent the dagger flying across the room. In one smooth sweep Annabeth took the dagger back in her hands and swiped at Calypso. She ducked and rolled under Annabeth and tackled her from behind. She was on top of her now punching and grabbing the weapon out of the blondes hands. Annabeth grabbed her arm and was resisting Calypso trying to stab her in the chest with it. The strength they both had was almost evenly matched, but Annabeth was just a little bit stronger. She wrapped her legs around Calypso and flipped her so she was on top. Annabeth was much more solid and heavier than Calypso so she knew right then that there was no way she was getting out of this. "You just had to choose the hard way Calypso," Annabeth muttered. She held her hand out and the magic collar that would render her speechless flew into her hand. At this point Calypso was desperate enough to try and distract her arch enemy again. "That little dark haired elf, he's actually pretty funny. He told me a joke-" Annabeth silenced her by forcing the collar on her neck. It clicked into place and bars flew up around her mouth rendering her speechless until it came off. She was glaring at Annabeth who had a stone face of indifference on. "I'm glad you can shut up now." Annabeth got off of Calypso and forced her up with her hands behind her back. She also put on some celestial bronze handcuffs so she could leave Annabeth's sight. She pushed her in front of her and out of the Cage until she was downstairs. The spell she had put on the men on the team had broken. Jason was with the multicolored eye girl and was apologizing profusely about something. She still looked angry at him but eventually gave him a hug and kissed him on the lips. The little dark haired elf came up to Annabeth with a terrified expression on his face. "I'm so sorry that I locked you in the Cage! I was under that witches spell and I had to do it because she ordered me to! If I was in my right mind I never would've I swear!" he babbled. Annabeth held up a hand to silence him. "I forgive you Leo Valdez. Just don't do it again." "Of course!" A woman who had dark skin came up to Leo Valdez and punched him in the face. He fell to the ground and stood back up covering his eye. "I totally deserved that," he muttered. "For locking me in the infirmary! You sure did! Will fix him," she said. A tall blonde man with a white box came to Leo and started to attend to his injuries. All Calypso could do is silently observe the scene going on. The leader of the group, a tall man with black hair and green eyes came up to Annabeth. He had a smile on his face and held out his hand. Annabeth didn't really know what to do so she put her hand out as well. He explained that it was called shaking hands and it was gesture of goodwill. "Perseus Jackson, I'd like to thank you and your team for helping me catch Calypso. Without your help my hunt would've lasted longer." "It was a pleasure and honor Annabeth. Do you think we can find an ally between us?" he asked. Her gray eyes stared and analyzed the man named Perseus for a few moments. Then she gave a small smile. Calypso's eyes widened, Annabeth never smiles, especially for Terranians! He must be special in some way. "Maybe. I hope to not come back for a while, but if you need me for some reason, you can call me. Only in extreme circumstances though. It was an honor fighting alongside you and your team." "You have my word," he promised. "As well as mine." She then turned to Calypso with a glare. "Now it's time we return to Olympus and she gets sent back to Tartarus where she belongs." Annabeth marched her out of the Argo II and into the desert heat. As the ramp closed Annabeth gave a curt nod to the team in gratitude before both of them were flashed off to Olympus. When the ramp closed the team was still silent. "Well it's been one hell of a day. Let's get some rest," Percy said. The team sighed in relief. Some laughed and Leo screamed "Amen brother!" before high fiving the Stolls. But no one complained and everyone headed back up to their resting quarters. Percy really liked Annabeth. She was a badass, known as a freaking goddess around here and she was just perfect. As much as Percy liked her though, he hoped he wouldn't have to call her down for a while. Because if he does that means something big and dangerous is happening. And that is the last thing he needs right now.