Annabeth through the many corridors or walking through the marvelous gardens the palace had to offer. The other head guard, Perseus looked just as weary as Jason felt. Still remaining stiff and straight, but his green eyes held a whole different feeling to them. Over the years, Jason had become friends with his once captive from Greece. Perseus was a free spirit, there was no doubt about it. But he was extremely loyal to those he loved. And Perseus grew to love Rome just as much as he once loved Greece. It didn't take long to make him understand and like the Roman Empire. He was very open to new things. The two men had their differences but they still managed to get along with each other. Perseus refused to let the Romans cut his nice hair all off and he still had that thin black beard that he first seen when Jason encountered the fierce Greek. He still fought like a Greek too, which actually helps in a weird way. And it was obvious that Perseus had the hots for the Empress. Every time he'd encounter her, Perseus would try to act cool and collected; but he would end up looking at her with misty eyes. It didn't go unnoticed by the Empress either. She'd just smirk at him and gently touch his face before going where ever she was needed. Then Jason would make fun of him, and Perseus would retaliate with something about Piper. Jason and Piper shared similar thoughts when it came to Empress Annabeth. She had been taken from Greece too and did not accommodate as well as her Greek comrades. The former Queen of Sparta had put up a nasty fight before becoming the Empress. She was sly and made some Roman officials wary of her. Jason trusted her a little, but still kept a close eye on her. Something about Empress Annabeth made Jason feel uneasy. Jason and Perseus were guarding the doors to the banquet hall waiting for everyone to file out and go back to their respective homes. From the inside Jason could hear the chatting and laughing between all the men from Upper Rome. They were probably on their ways to being drunk out of their minds. When the banquet had ended, the golden doors opened up and all the drunk senators and patricians let themselves out. Jason and Perseus gave some simple directions to the ones too drunk to remember how to get out of the palace. After all the men filed out they waited for the final two guests of the night to head out too. After a few minutes soft footsteps could be heard coming towards the men. Jason turned to see that only Empress Annabeth had come out. "Evening Jason," she greeted with a tight smile. Her golden hair was held together by her classic black cloth and she had her tan hands resting lazily in front of her. The gray eyes looked tired from the long day but she still had that air of confidence around her. Jason bowed his head. "Evening my Empress," Jason said out of respect. Empress Annabeth gave no further word after that to Jason and just nodded stiffly at him before turning around to Perseus. "Perseus," she said with slight amusement. Although Jason couldn't see her face, he was willing to bet that she was giving him a small smirk. Perseus's cheeks started to redden a little and he bowed hastily. "Empress Annabeth," he quickly said. She turned straight forward so she could see both of the men in her peripheral vision. She raised her chin up in a prideful way and her hands were still down in front of her. "You are relieved of your duties tonight gentlemen," she ordered. And with that she turned right and winked at Perseus before disappearing down the dim hallways of the palace. As soon as she was out of earshot, Jason turned to Perseus with a smirk on his face. Jason just shook his head at his friend. "The one woman you fell for, it just had to be the Empress?" Jason asked. Perseus glared at Jason but it wasn't full hearted. Perseus just huffed and crossed his arms on his chest. "Whatever," Perseus mumbled. After that they stood in silence for a few moments. "Does Empress Annabeth unease you?" Jason asked. Perseus tilted his head to the side a little and his black eyebrows scrunched together in thought. "I mean sometimes maybe. Why do you ask Jason?" Jason just shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. Just something about her makes me wary of her just a bit. I can see the bitter resentment written all over her face. She still hates Rome even after all these years." Perseus stepped closer and his green eyes narrowed. "Do you think she's planning something?" Perseus asked in a low tone. Jason looked down at the marble ground before looking back to Perseus. "That's the thing. Her reputation back in Greece was that she was cunning and intelligent. She could bring down her enemies from the inside. What happens if she tries that on Rome?" Perseus just shook his head. "She may be the cunning Queen of Sparta, but even she wouldn't do something as stupid as that." Jason took a deep breath. "Let's hope not. But we should just keep an eye out," Jason warned. Perseus just nodded in agreement. "Yes, that sounds like a plan." Jason smiled and held Perseus's shoulder. "Don't let that love and lust cloud your judgement brother." Perseus just smiled and rolled his eyes while taking Jason's hand off his shoulder. "Do not doubt me." "Don't give me a reason to. Goodnight Perseus," Jason said in farewell. With that the two guards split and went down the opposite ways of the palace to their respective rooms in the palace. And Jason would finally be able to get some alone time with Piper for once. That thought made Jason smile.