The kids shouted, while one of the adults zapped my parents to crisps with some electric tube. "Guess they chose 'Trick'" the kids laughed. "HEY! WHAT ARE YOU DOING! YOU KILLED THEM! FUCK YOU!" I shouted at them throwing rolls of tape and decorations at them. The adults advanced forwards and placed a hand on my shoulder. Ok. Now I was scared. Afraid for my life, as well as my virginity, I kicked and punched wildly. My attempts were futile. "Close your eyes little one." Someone whispered in my ear. Much to my horror, my body followed the orders, even if I tried not to. A bright flash of light slid through my eyelids. When I opened my eyes, we were nowhere near my house. "Where are we?" I asked frantically. The adults and children started to grow. And by grow, I don't mean age. Like they literally expanded themselves to massive sizes and sat down on seats made for giants. "We are the Greek gods, puny mortal. We received word that there was one child of a Titaness left. It turns out that it is you." The one who fried my parents said. I racked my brain for knowledge on the Greek gods. "You're Zeus!" I said before kneeling down. The gods seemed surprised by my actions. "Di-did I do something wrong?" I asked worriedly. "No. It is just that I did not expect such respect from a demititan, much less a child of our mother." Poseidon said. "Wait… you said mother… meaning Rhea… Wasn't she as strict about affairs as Hera?" I asked confused. The gods nodded in agreement. "That is what we thought too. Apparently, you are a child of rape from a mortal. Rhea decided to keep you for the sake of your life. However, soon after, she faded away because she had went against her word of having children with anyone other than her husband." Demeter said sadly. "ENOUGH!" Zeus shouted. The gods flinched. I almost shat my pants right there. "WE ARE HERE TO PUNISH THE CHILD! NOT TO HAVE TEA AND MUFFINS WITH HER!" Zeus said. I almost laughed, if it weren't for the "punish her" part. "CHILD, YOU ARE HEREBY SENTENCED TO LIFE IN TARTARUS DUE TO THE FACT THAT WE LOST OUR MOTHER BECAUSE OF YOU." Zeus said. "HOW IS IT MY FAULT!?" I shouted back. "IF YOUR FATHER WASN'T BORN THEN OUR MOTHER WOULD STILL BE AROUND!" Zeus argued weakly. He blasted his bolt at me. "I may be tortured down there, but WHEN I return, I will personally see to it that you all burn in hell for this sin. I SWEAR IT!" I shouted as the bolt made contact with me. I thought it was going to hurt. I was wrong. IT STUNG LIKE A BITCH! Worse than a bee sting mixed with a mosquito bite on the same spot. Worse than holding your hand on a frying pan while the flame is on. Worse than taking a shower in acid. When I came to my senses, I was floating down a river. Below me, voices were moaning about how unfair life was. I wanted to stay with them and agree with them, but I knew I had a promise to fulfill to myself. I trudged through the dark tunnels of the hell known as Tartarus. Jayden's POV The three of us continued on our expedition to find a way out of Tartarus when I realized I forgot my sword back at the river. (A.N. They were all made immortal so they could suffer forever, which is why they don't need the river of fire. Forgot to mention that… heh sorry guys.) "Hey guys! I forgot my weapons back at the river. We gotta go back to get them. They're not returning to me for some reason." I said. With minimal complaint, the three of us trudged back. When we got there, we noticed my weapons lay in a pile. Beside that pile stood another girl. She was quite pretty with chestnut brown hair and forest green eyes. "Hello there. We're just going to collect those weapons and be on our merry way to destroy Olympus. Don't mind us." Amber said. Josh and I shared a facepalm. The girl walked closer to us. "Would it be alright if I joined you in taking down Olympus? I was just banished by those no good gods." She said. The three of us shared a look. "The more the merrier I guess." Josh said grinning like a madman. "I'm Jasmine, by the way. Jasmine Willowdale." She introduced. In return, we introduced ourselves as we walked towards the heart of Tartarus. Current Time 3 rd Person POV The serial rapist and murderer ran for his life through the alleys of New York. He turned the corner thinking that he had given the assassin the slip. CRASH! The man smacked into the assassin. The man fell. The assassin drew a gun from his jacket and pointed it at the man's head. "P-p-please sp-spare me sir. I promise I won't d-do anything b-b-bad again. I swear!" the man pleaded. "You're words mean shit to me. Burn in hell mother fucker." The assassin said as he pulled the trigger. The cold, lifeless body of the rapist fell to the ground in the alleyways. The assassin; gone into the night. A.N. WOOOOOO WEEE! Super long chapter there. Not surprised though. It's just the backstory. Um… Now, since AoD is done, (Angels of Destruction) I am mainly focusing on this and MtD (Meet the Demititans). So yeah. If I'm not updating this, then I'm updating that. Hope you enjoy this new story so far. I've never seen anything like this before so I believe I am the 1 st one writing something like this, though I could be wrong. Anyways, please please PLEASE Read and Review, Favorite it, Follow it, I don't care. Just submit your feedback to help me make this story better. Thanks! ~FlamingCowBlade777 (FBC)