Reyna didn't blame him. "We don't know if his hurry is in his nature or something darker," Reyna admitted grimly. "Di Angelo, are you done examining the body? We still need to do the autopsy, you know," she remarked watching his intense scrutiny. His gloved hands skirted around the bloody shoulder wound. He pushed his black hair off his forehead as he finally stood up and peeled his eyes away from the body. "You know my theory." "Yes, yes, Cupid." Reyna waved her hand dismissively. "We will look into that. I think the blond friend is a likelier suspect." "I have no problem with finding him," Nico agreed. "He may be an accomplice. Talking about arrows before getting shot by one doesn't sound coincidental. But this matches Cupid's profile perfectly; you can't deny that." Hazel nodded vigorously. Even Frank looked on the verge of being convinced. The last thing Reyna needed was another Octavian who turned her team against her. Thankfully Frank spoke up as he cautiously stepped closer to the body. "Uh…I know a little about Cupid. He's got amazing aim. Most couples don't know what hit them. It doesn't make sense that he had to come up and stab her…" He frowned as he thought and fiddled with his fingers. "Maybe he had a bigger motive for the murder? So he enlisted the boyfriend as an accomplice to lure her." "Good idea Frank," Hazel chimed in, smiling supportively at Frank. He blushed and returned the smile, locking eyes for a moment. They subtly inched closer, their arms grazing against each other's. Reyna felt a spark of déjà vu as her eyes darted between the two agents, who seemed to be silently communicating with each other. Hazel finally averted her eyes and glanced down at her notes. "The blond guy is very suspicious. Presumably, he ran away or went with Cupid. We need to question Lou's family and friends to find someone who matches this description. I wrote it all down-shaggy blond hair, orange shirt, blue eyes, athletic, tan, "a bit young", charming, possibly a medical student of some sort." She looked up and settled her warm gaze on Reyna. "Why did you ask if he had tidy hair?" she asked curiously. The normally poised agent visibly stiffened as the memories came back to her. Talk of Cupid didn't help either. Although the moment had passed, the reflection of Hazel and Frank's smile unwavered in her eyes. Slowly, the dewy green grass melted into soft sand, the stuffy Texas air cooled to sea breeze, the chatter of the crowd and police turned to rhythmic waves crashing down on the sand, and her colleagues faded out. " Jason," the younger Reyna called. Her long dark hair was unusually tousled despite her hasty attempts to keep it in a ponytail. The sea breeze only made it worse. It would have been cool if her hair wasn't soaking wet, splattering water drops on the sand. Apparently Jason didn't think so, though, as the blond agent turned around and smiled at her from the edge of the beach. "Just took a shower?" he guessed. Reyna shook her wet hair out of her face in annoyance. She didn't need to respond; Jason knew he was right. "I swear I'm going to cut my hair," she snapped, attempting to pull apart tangled knots in vain. " Don't. It looks good on you." Reyna raised her dark eyebrows in surprise. Jason's jaw twitched nervously but he held his electric gaze on her face. Was he complimenting her appearance? She was used to people complimenting her work ethic, intelligence, intensity, field work, and her apparently decent skill in preventing bloodthirsty dogs from tearing people apart. Rarely ever her looks. The corners of her mouth turned and gave way to a small smile. " I made you smile!" yelped Jason triumphantly. He elbowed her playfully with a small smirk. "One smile yesterday and the day before and one today already. Maybe you'll get two in today." " Oh, shut it, Grace." Reyna turned away from him and focused her gaze on the rippling sea, but her smile didn't fade. "We're supposed to be investigating a missing body and you're flirting," she reprimanded jokingly. Reyna snapped out of her little daydream before her mind wandered further down memory lane. The back of her hand brushed against her forehead. "No particular reason. I just want all the details," she replied nonchalantly. Hazel shot her a suspicious look but knew better than to say anything. Thankfully, Nico broke in the awkward silence. "Maybe Cupid did shoot from the tree, then. That's what he usually does. There's a million reasons for the gravel movement that don't involve him." Frank, a seasoned archer, glanced at the forest and shook his head. "That's unlikely. Even from the nearest trees, it'd be hard to get a sure shot at moving targets-even for Cupid," he rebuked in a somewhat protective tone. "Maybe it's a copycat," Hazel pitched in eagerly, turning her back to Reyna to join the debate. "Cupid is famous enough to garner some overzealous psycho fans." "Stop," Reyna broke in before a retort came out of Nico's open mouth. All three agents faced her. Her mind was spinning with plans of action as always, but an unwanted voice from the past still lingered. She could almost hear the cool Houston breeze whispering sadly, Jason Grace . Her fingers twitched. She forced a confident small smile to her agents. No point in dwelling in the past when the present had to be dealt with. Author's Note: As you can tell, not all of the quote from the beginning was used; the rest of the quote will be used in the next chapter. Not a lot of Jeyna action here, but I promise, you'll see more of Jason in coming chapters! Thanks for reading! Please review, favorite, follow and all that jazz : ) Next chapter: Reyna and Octavian face off, the ghost from the past