someone in my life, who, no matter what happened to me, would still love me. My mom. I smiled. "Now, for the other side." Zeus said. He looked at Hermes. "Go get Sally Jackson." No…. not my mom. She would never betray me. Hermes nodded, and disappeared in a flash of light. In mere seconds, he returned with a Confused Sally and a bewildered Paul. "Honey, why are we in a ski lodge?" Paul asked, looking around, squinting. I guess the mist was pretty strong up here. "Paul, we are not in a ski lodge," my mother said, grabbing his shoulder. "We are on Olympus." My mother looked around until she saw Zeus. It kind of hurt that she didn't see me. I looked over to the bloody body of Daithian. "Are you ok?" I asked, feeling guilty that I didn't check on him earlier, but hey, I'm chained to the floor. He gave me his half grin, but he looked like he was on the verge of tears again. "Lord Zeus." My mother said, kneeling, pulling Paul down with her, except instead of facing Zeus, his butt was sticking up to the Lord of the Sky's. He sighed as he snapped his fingers. Suddenly, Paul's eyes lit up. He saw me and started to stand. "Face me, mortal!" Zeus bellowed. Paul stopped standing for a second, before he turned around and bowed to Zeus with a red face. Zeus ignored Paul. He looked at my mom. "Sally Jackson, we call you here for a blessing so your son may be punished." My mom turned around, and she looked right at me. I smiled, but her face stayed neutral. "What do you mean 'my blessing for his punishment'?" "Because he killed 12 innocent children, and he deserves to go to Tartarus." Thalia said. "Thalia…" Artemis scolded, but she was cut off. "My lady, she needs to know why this monster should be tortured." My mom looked at me, but this time she had tears in her eyes. "You killed, children?" I tried to defend myself, but Annabeth beat me to it. "He killed my youngest sister, Megan. She was only six." Her eyes were shiny, and Luke put an arm around her. "Is this true, Perseus?" "What? Of course not!" My own mother thought this was true? Why did she call me Perseus, not Percy? She never called me that. "It is true, Sally." Poseidon said sadly, looking down at his love. He got off his throne to walk over to her, and touched her forehead. After a few seconds, she looked like she made a decision. "Sally, Percy would never do this…" Paul said, but it sounded like he was trying to reassure himself, and not his wife. "Mom, please." I said. I was terrified now. If my own mother thought I committed these crimes… "I'm sorry Perseus, but this must be done." Her voice was cold, not warm like a mother's voice should be. She turned to Zeus. "I, Sally Jackson, disown my Son, Perseus Jackson, and give my blessing for him to be cast into Tartarus." Some people let out a gasp, as if they weren't expecting that to happen. I again felt that feeling from before, the tearing feeling, except now I felt empty. No emotion, no sensations. I wasn't really angry right now, I wasn't sad, i just felt… nothing. "Thank you, Sally." Annabeth said, hugging her. She hugged her back. Everything turned red. How dare she hug back the whore, when she had just given her son a death wish?! I screamed as I tore at the chained, trying to get free. Everyone was looking at me in shock, and some of the demigods in fear. And my mother was terrified. "Stop this, Percy!" Piper shouted, putting as much charmspeak as she could in her voice. But I didn't listen. I kept screaming, trying to break the chains. Daithian just looked at me. I heard a groaning. The chains snapped. "Percy, honey, please stop." My mom said. Her voice was shaking. I stood in the middle of the room, staring directly into my ex-mothers eyes. I sprinted forward, trying to tear her apart with my bare hands. I lusted for so much blood that I didn't realize that someone was chanting. Then, with less than three meters away from that bitch, I fell. I had been cast into Tartarus. Daithian's POV I couldn't believe my eyes. Perseus Jackson had just been cast into Tartarus. "NOOOO!" I screamed, trying to get my friend back. "Hermes, take the mortals back." Zeus said quickly. Hermes didn't show any acknowledgment as he ran up and flashed the Jackson's home. Everything was dead silent, we all stared at the spot the Hero of Olympus had been mere seconds before. How could they? There was NO evidence that he was a traitor! My already rough throat was on fire now. Zeus cleared his voice. "Now for the other traitor. Artemis, please get the huntress." They were getting that excuse for a sister, I knew it. After a few seconds, Artemis flashed back in a angry looking huntress. "Linath." I spat. She looked over at me and a look of pity flashed over her face. "Daithian." She replied with no emotion. She looked around the room until she found Zeus. "What must I do?" She asked. "Simple, disown him and give your blessing for him to be banished to Tartarus." When Zeus mentioned Tartarus, Linath shivered, but she still looked at me. "I, Linath Kaldo, sister of Daithian Kaldo, disown him, and give my blessing for him to be sent to Tartarus." I felt as if my heart had just been torn out. I withered in pain, but didn't scream. I didn't want to give them the satisfaction. "Any last words, filth?" Zeus said. I didn't reply. I felt myself falling. One day they will see their mistake. They will see how they had just cast two innocent heroes into Tartarus