had stuff to do to get ready for Christmas. He did end up taking his niece to see Santa, and he may have been on the lookout for a familiar head of blonde hair. He was so hopeful, or maybe desperate, that for a second he was reminded of her because of the blonde guy in front of him who was taking his little brother to see Santa too. In fact he hoped to run into her almost every time he left his house. It was stupid, he thought to himself, as he could just text her but something kept stopping him. On Christmas, they sent a Merry Christmas text and that was the end of it. While he sat around his family, taking in the fresh blue cookies his mother had baked and all the glory of a Christmas tree with torn wrapping paper everywhere, enjoying himself no doubt but also missing the blonde haired girl that he was slowly falling for. -TIMESKIP- "Why don't you just text him?" Piper asked as she put on eyeshadow. They were getting ready for a New Year's Party. Her roommate was color coordinating the eyeshadow to her dress. "Because I really really like him and he is already dating someone else and it's not fair of me to want to see him," Annabeth groaned as she fell back on the bed. "You'll wrinkle your dress," Piper warned, "And listen, I've had enough of you moping around these past few days. You will not do that tonight. You will enjoy yourself." Piper seemed determined and Annabeth knew that meant an introduction to some new guy. She was right. About half hour into the party, Piper was introducing her "good friend" Luke to her. Luke did not have tousled dark black hair. Nor did he have sparkling green eyes. Or the goofy personality. She walked away from the conversation at the soonest possible point. But before she knew it she was being pulled back, handed a drink, and dragged to Times Square. It didn't take her long to get into the spirit of New Years. Meanwhile Percy was getting a similar "get over her" speech from Will who was also dragging Percy along to a party. It was pretty bad that only in a few days he had fallen for her more. He guessed it was the absence of her that made him miss her and therefore develop even stronger feelings for her. Percy's party decided to head to Times Square for the ball drop and almost immediately lost half of the crew upon approaching the giant crowd. Despite his moping, being in the crowd, feeling the energy, Percy couldn't help but get excited for the quickly approaching New Year's moment. As the ball started to descend, a giant uproar of people started the countdown. 10 9 8 He yelled along with them 7 6 5 She was jumping up and down 4 3 2 They made up their minds, fuck it. Maybe it was the alcohol. 1 … .. They turned around and found the other in their arms Kiss His mind didn't have time to understand he just surged forward. She couldn't quite comprehend, the alcohol hadn't helped but she leaned in to the kiss. When they broke apart, the shock and reality hit them. How they had just found each other in this huge crowd of people, how they had both been thinking of each other these past couple days, and just how badly they had wanted to do that. They just stared at each other. Finally Percy broke the silence and leaned in to say what they had both been thinking, "I've been wanting to do that for a long time." She was surprised, taken back, until she saw Will nearby with another boy in his arms. Her brain took a second longer to process, and Percy had started pulling away. But she caught him by his tie and pressed her lips to his. She wasn't going to make a mistake this time. The odds of them meeting in the first place, was pretty slim. Meeting three times in a day, even slimmer. But the odds of them meeting in Times Square during New Years, that was next to impossible. But they did it. A Christmas miracle, or Aphrodite's blessing, or just pure dumb luck, whatever it was that brought them together, they were just thankful it did. -TIMESKIP- Percy looked around, trying to find the perfect one. And there were so many to choose from, his eyes had started to hurt from all the sparkle. It took him ten million years but he finally found the right one. Happy with his purchase he walked out of the store making his way through the mall when he bumped into someone. Immediately he went to protect the little black box in his hand, stuffing it into his pocket. Good thing to since the person just so happened to be his longtime girlfriend. "Babe, if we keep meeting each other like this our Christmas gifts for each other won't really be a surprise," he said leaning in to kiss her. She smirked, "You don't seem that upset about it." "I'm never upset to see you," he grinned. She rolled his eyes at him and told him to grab groceries for dinner and kept walking. As soon as she was out of sight, and yes Percy watched her until she was with a stupid lovesick expression. He checked on the ring once again as if finalizing his decision. They say you shouldn't peek at presents before Christmas or you'll get put on the naughty list, well I'll say this, there may have been some peeking and as for the list, well there was that too and one more thing…oh yeah, she said yes. A/N: So what did you think? Hope you liked it! Please check out my other story, How We Could Have Met if you liked this! Please review! See ya! :)