the rest of them to their panic. All of them shared panicked looks. "He wouldn't really Fade would he," Hermes asked, slightly depressed. Both Hades and Zeus opened their mouths to say 'no', but closed them just as quickly. They couldn't be entirely sure, especially if what Dionysus had said was true. Silence stretched as no one knew how they should answer Hermes' question. "We should wait till tomorrow," Athena spoke up, breaking the silence. "What do you mean," Aphrodite asked. "She means that we should wait till tomorrow and see if Poseidon shows up or not," Ares informed her, having caught onto his sister's line of thought. "And we should probably let Poseidon initiate conversations before we talked to him," Hephaestus said in a gruff voice. " That way it won't seem so odd to him." Everyone thought about and nodded their heads in agreement, though they looked warily at the two brothers. Athena and Ares agreeing to something was one thing, as they shared a domain, but Hephaestus and Ares hated each other with a passion because of Aphrodite and they had never agreed on something before. If anyone were to look closely, they would have seen both shoot a quick glare in the direction of the goddess of love, whom was looking at her reflection in the marble. "I guess that would be the best course of action, even if we probably won't end up with much,"Demeter agreed, even though she wished that their was a more simpler and less time consuming way. Suddenly a thought crossed her mind. "How did you know that the children were Poseidon's," she asked Zeus. Zeus looked taken aback before a look of confusion crossed his face as he thought about it. "I don't know," he said. "I just did." "Poseidon's never had female children before though," Demeter stressed, wondering how she was just realizing this now. "All the demi-gods that are his are all males and none of them have twin siblings, so how is it that you're certain that they were his? How is it that we're all certain that they're his?" At her statement, the remaining Olympians froze as they thought over her words. While the book had hinted that the two twins mentioned were born of one of the children of Kronos and Rhea, the only thing that had been made certain was that they were not children of Hades. So how was it that they had all been certain that the children were Poseidon's? Even Demeter was certain, and she was questioning why since they had no proof. "Ignoring the fact that we are all positive that the children are Poseidon's, how often have we jumped to conclusions and blamed Poseidon for something that he wasn't at fault for," Athena asked, her brief trip down memory lane to the incident involving Medusa making her question the other things that they had placed the blame for on the god of the seas. As Athena's words sunk in, all the other gods present in the room gained horrified looks as they realized that they had all at one point or another blamed Poseidon for something that wasn't his fault. Sometimes it wasn't possible for it to even be his fault, but they still blamed him for it anyway. What made it worse was how many times some of them had done it, especially since, they realized, Poseidon had given up trying to defend himself once he had come to the realization that the more he tried to defend himself, the more they tried to put the blame on him. They had been pushing him away without realizing it. They had been giving him an excuse to do something of the like for which they had blamed him for but he had never done anything. "We may as well go back to our temples and sleep. We'll meet back here in the morning," Zeus told them quietly, obviously upset with the new realizations. No one questioned him, all of them to ashamed with themselves to do anything else. None of them got much in the way of sleep that night, to worried about Poseidon and the results of their actions to fall into any form of a peaceful sleep. Okay everyone, that wraps it up for this chapter. If anyone wants to know, the pairings that I have planned for this fic so far are Anastasia [(fem Percy) sort of]/ Hades. Also Nico will be showing up at some point, though I'm not entirely sure when. He will be playing matchmaker to the point where the gods will ask if he is a son of Aphrodite. In my story I have him viewing Anastasia as a sort of mother figure so he tries his best to push his father towards her. Considering the fact that I am designing this fic so that it takes place before Persephone and Hades and up married though it is still back when the gods only had their Greek aspects and that the Romans have only made brief contact with the Greeks, it makes sense to me. I am changing things that are talked about in mythology so please don't send me reviews that state that this isn't what supposedly happened as this is a fanfic and I can, technically write whatever I want. I would like helpful criticisms and reviews that give me idea's on what can happen later. This fic has 6'082 words in total, not including my notes. It is sorter than my preferred word quota per chapter, which is 7'000 words or more, but because I wanted to see if everyone liked where I was going with it so far, I made it shorter that usual. If I get enough positive reviews, then the next chapter will be a lot longer than this one. I want to see if I can get at least 20 reviews for this chapter. If I don't I'll just leave it as it is. Forestfirekid