some gifts together, things they wanted more than anything. Even though I did this, they didn't want to be friends, but agreed to be on neutral terms with me. Then, I found out Annabeth had left me for the son of Dionysus, and my mother had disowned me. I tried to kill myself, but Hermes found me and Hestia saved me. In the hospital, we grew close, and now we're friends again. But I feel different towards them than they do to me. I think they are kind, smart, beautiful, funny, amazing people. After our hospital bonding, I left to receive another package from my mother. This one had a note claiming she hoped I died soon for what happened with the three goddesses. I opened the box a little to find Medusa's head in it. Thankfully, I didn't see her eyes. Hera comforted me, and I told her she should talk to Zeus about his unfaithfulness. Later that evening, I found her crying, because he'd called her some rude names and said she should just divorce him. I took her back to her palace, and was about to leave but she grabbed my arm in her sleep. I stayed the night in a chair, and we woke up and had breakfast. But I realized I was in love with her too. So to answer your question Calypso, I'm in love with Hestia, Artemis, Athena and Hera." I told her. She seemed silent for a while. Suddenly, there was a knocking at my door. I told her to make herself comfortable, and opened the door. "Hi Percy, what was that you were saying to Calypso?" Said Artemis, with Hestia, Athena and Hera behind her. "How did you guys know she was here and that I was talking to her about you?" I asked. "We planned it with her when we saw her on her way to your palace. A simple mind connection is all it took for us to see and hear everything she did." Athena explained. "Ah… Is this the part where I run for my life, or beg for forgiveness?" I asked nervously. The four goddesses looked at me wickedly. "No, this is the part where you say it again. You tell us exactly what you told Calypso." Hestia said. I repeated to them what I'd said to Calypso and Athena was the first to respond. "Knew it." She muttered. Artemis and Hestia looked kind of sad. "Percy, we can't return your feelings for us. Three of us swore never to love, and even though we might not be held by that oath, we pride ourselves in our independance." Hestia said. "And I just got out of a terrible marriage, you can't expect me to just jump into your arms and say 'I'm yours.'" Hera said. I felt like I did in the five rivers of Tartarus, when all hope and joy had been stripped from me. I felt the pure weight of Krios's curse. I was a fool to think I could escape it. I nodded numbly, and they shuffled out, sensing my need for solitude. Calypso thanked me one more time before leaving. After that, I went upstairs and cried myself to sleep. The next day, I awoke feeling a strange coolness around me. I opened my eyes slowly and sat up to find the room pitch black. I stood up and came face to face with a blue hologram that I'd grown to hate. "Palace? Where am I?" I asked. "You are in a secret room below the facility. I am programmed to attempt to save you from harm in any way possible. The others have been taken." That woke me up completely. "What others? Where were they taken? Who took them?" I asked. He looked like he was about to reply when suddenly he vanished. I looked around me but saw nothing. I willed some light into my hand and tossed it up into the air where it floated, illuminating the room. I saw a door at the far end, and walked towards it. Halfway there, something appeared in front of me. It was a figure, wearing a black cloak. They removed their hood to reveal Rachel Elizabeth Dare. "Rachel? What are you doing here?" I asked. She didn't reply, just stared at me. I waved a hand in front of her eyes, but nothing happened. Then, she reached into her cloak and pulled out a scroll of paper. It looked old, and the paper felt leathery beneath my fingers. Before I could ask her what it was, she was gone. I sighed, and unrolled the scroll. On it was a note. Hero The prophecy has begun. This is the End; A prophecy issued when Chaos made her universe, this universe. The End warns of the rise of a new threat. Something never heard of before. You are the hero of this prophecy. Fail to complete it, and everything ends. This is your prophecy, and you are the Omega. -Alpha Fucking shit. Who does this 'Alpha' asshat think he is, giving me another prophecy. I didn't want this. I just wanted to live with the women I loved. I decided to read the prophecy and get it over with. There is something lurking in the dark Its presence rips whole worlds apart. It uses shadows like a cloak Swift and silent, a twisted ghost. It falls to no known weapon or power Any being near it cowers. But one day soon it shall be erased. Only in the lonely hero's final days. There is something. lurking in the dark Something born to tear you apart. And there is the first chapter! 27,931 words, not including author's notes. I have high hopes for this story, but don't expect frequent updates. I'm juggling this and my other story, Fate's Curse, which isn't easy. Plus, writing chapters this big takes time and effort. Anyway, leave reviews please, and let me know what you think will happen! -foulcat