get ready quickly and head over to the farm. Piper should be there by now with her bridesmaids. Getting ready to walk down the aisle and marry the love of her life I walk in the house that sits on the property, and see the wedding crew setting up tables. The wedding planner is going mad, something about flowers being in the wrong spot. I head upstairs to where Piper said her and her bridesmaids would be getting ready. I first see Annabeth and Hazel, all dressed and ready. Standing in the hallway talking to the door. "Hi girls." I greet. "Piper, your dad's here. Will you let him in?" Hazel asks. "Is she okay?" I ask. "Pre-wedding jitters." Annabeth tells me. "Okay." Piper says through the door, the sound of her voice is timid from where I stand. Piper let's me into the suite but then hurriedly locks the door. She jumps at me, holding my neck for dear life, "Daddy." She sounds so scared. "What is it Pipes?" I ask. She pulls away and starts pacing. I take a seat on the bed. "I don't think I can do this. I mean, becoming a military wife? That's a lot of responsibility." I look at her frantically wringing her wrists. She shakes with each step, "I don't think I'm ready. I'm only what? Twenty three and I'm getting married? And Jason's training for a month in Ft. Worth before we're getting sent to Germany. And I've never lived outside the country. And I'm scared." She sits down beside me, near tears. She cups her face allowing a sigh (or maybe a sob) to wrack her body. She looks up at me and she asks, "Daddy, what do I do?" Oh please. Daddy please. "Pipes. You're going to be just fine." I tell her rubbing her back. "I am?" She asks nervously. "Yes." "How are you so sure?" "Because you love him. I see it in your eyes. Your eyes are a reflection of your heart, Pipes. And you love that boy so much I don't know how you can have that much love for only one person. Love makes the difference. Love makes us work. Pipes, you will work for your marriage because you love him." She's ready to start crying, which means I'm ready to start crying. "Do you want to practice our dance? I know you were worried about that last night." I provide her a soft smile. Tearfully she nods. I help her stand and then I take her hand. So I'll dance with Cinderella While she is here in my arms Cause I know something the prince never knew. "Piper? Are you ready?" Annabeth knocks on the door. Piper looks up at me and whispers, "I'm getting married, daddy." I kiss the top of her head, "Yes you are." She smiles up at me with the adoration of a six year old, "Ready, Annabeth." Piper calls back. I offer her my arm to walk her out of the house and down the aisle. She grips my arm in nervousness. She shakes all the way down the stairs. "Five minutes." The wedding planner tells us. "I'm gonna throw up." Piper sighs. "No you're not." I promise her. "You're going to smile for the rest of this day and all the way into next week. You love him." She takes a deep breath as her bridesmaids start walking out. When the wedding march comes on a soft smile graces her face. She walks assuredly toward the alter, I have to keep her in time with the music as we walk. I start to cry when I see Jason, his nervousness melts away with the very sight of my daughter. My beautiful grownup daughter. The love of his life. The love of mine. She gets to be his from this day on. I have to let her go. "Who gives this woman to this man?" I can't even say I do. I turn to Piper and kiss both of her cheeks, "I love you, princess." "I love you, daddy." She doesn't even shed a tear as she takes Jason's arm. I cry through out the whole ceremony. As my daughter lights up the world with her joy. She reads her vows without missing a beat. She wipes away the tears of her husband as he reads his own vows. The reception starts and I wonder why everyone's congratulating me. I'm losing the best thing that's ever happened to me. The couple runs into the reception as the party music blasts out my ear drums. The group applauds my daughter and her husband, cheering them on to dance wildly with the music. Piper is handed the microphone from the DJ. "I would like to thank everyone who came out to celebrate with us. Jason and I couldn't be happier." Everyone cheers before allowing her to speak, "I'd like to personally thank my dad." She turns to me, "The man who raised me single handedly. The one who's always been there for me. I love you daddy." There is more applause for me. Even though I don't quiet feel deserving of this praise, "And now, at this time, we'll be having the father daughter dance and the couple's first dance." She turns off the microphone and hands it back to the DJ. "Daddy, you ready?" She takes my hands and leads me to an empty dance floor. "Of course I am." I smile at her. Oh I'll dance with Cinderella I don't want to miss even one song. Cause all too soon the clock will strike Midnight. The song ends, and Piper wipes away my tears. She kisses my cheeks, hugging me tighter with each moment. "I love you so much daddy." "I love you too princess." She lets her hands slip through mine as she walks toward Jason for her first dance as husband and wife. And she'll be gone. Song used is called Cinderella by Steven Curtis Chapman.