for you," he muttered into her hair. The two pulled away and just stared at each other, both amazed that they had finally found the other. "We're finally together again," she said softly, tracing his jaw with her hand. He responded by pulling her into a slow, sweet kiss. No sooner had they broken away, though, did the world around them begin to shake, and they were helplessly torn away from each other. They tried to hold on but the reality had split, causing a mix of black and blue to engulf them both. Their last cries were of each other's names. LINEBREAK Annabeth gasped as she lurched forward in her chair. She was immediately surrounded by three people, who helped contain her. At first she started to fight back only to realize that something was being taken off her face, a second later she was met with a bright light. She was vaguely aware of the people moving away as she blinked slowly letting the white light penetrate her eyes. She immediately squinted and groaned, raising her hand to block the light. Her human hand. She was suddenly aware of her entire body, the way her heart beat, and the feel of her hand on her face. It felt real. She slowly sat up straighter as her surroundings came into focus. She was in a room with huge black screen and other technological equipment that she couldn't quite figure out at the moment. "Annabeth! Oh thank god you're awake! Are you okay? Do you need anything?" Piper rushed forward to ask her. Her mouth had a hard time formulating words and she realized that she was parched. She motioned for water, as her mouth felt even drier at the revelation. She felt herself wake even more as she drank the water, the world finally falling into place, except for one thing. Where was Percy? "Percy! Where is he?" she croaked, still trying to get used to using her voice. Jason sighed sadly. "He's over there..." he said as he pointed to another chair like hers. And there he was, sitting there with a headset over his eyes. "Get him out of that thing!" she tried once again to demand. "We can't, we couldn't get either of you out, until just now when you came to," Piper explained. She looked over again and saw his unresponsive state. She immediately got up, and wobbled a little as she tried to get to him. "Annabeth you should be careful, you've been under that thing for about a day now." Jason warned, rushing to help her. She didn't care, she had to get to him. She slowly walked over and moved the controller away from his hands, placing hers instead. She would get him out. LINEBREAK Percy had been in some ship with some objective and some AI telling him stuff. He didn't really care. He had lost her. What was the point of it all if he had lost her? He had been so close, they were together, but now she was gone to who knows where and he was left here on this stupid ship with this stupid war with this stupid AI who would not shut up. He grew more frustrated, taking out his anger on anything that came near him, friend or foe. And then suddenly he couldn't move. He couldn't control what he was doing. Instead he felt a warm feeling overtake him and his hands started to tingle. "Percy," a voice whispered, her voice. "You need to wake up babe." That feeling in his hands become stronger and it almost felt like she was holding them. But what did she mean, he had to wake up? He desperately looked around for something that would allow him to do so, her voice was starting to fade. With one last desperate attempt, he jumped off the ship and into space. He almost didn't die at first, but soon he was falling further and further with no control over anything. But it didn't last long. He felt her hand again, holding onto him, falling with him, until at last he reached the end. Percy gasped awake and was immediately greeted with the face of his girlfriend. She stood over him, as something else was moved from his forehead. He saw her smile and wanted nothing more than to stare at her all day. But his eyes burned from the sudden light and he was forced to close them again. He took a deep breath, feeling the air fill up his lungs. He felt Annabeth's hand in his and noticed how real it felt. He opened his eyes again, and saw her concerned face. He wanted to say something, to tell her it was going to be okay but he couldn't. "Here, drink water, it'll help," she said handing him a glass of water. She was right, he felt much better after that. "Annabeth," was the first word out of his mouth as soon as he could talk again. "Hi there," she said smiling once more. "It's over, we made it out." It was over, he thought, no more jumping through games. This was real, they were out. And most importantly they were together. "I love you," he managed. "I love you too," and her kiss felt like home. A/N: So what did you think? Any gamers out in the crowd? (I hope I got things right and didn't offend everybody, I have seen playthroughs of almost all of these games and know most of the lore behind them as well (Go Game Theory!)) Also for those of you who don't know the games in order of appearance are: Resident Evil 7, Dark Souls 3, Zelda: Breath of the Wild, Undertale, and some slight references to Portal and Sister Location, they meet in Fallout, and the last one is Halo. Please check out my other stories if you want more Percabeth (I have a lot more fluff usually) See ya! :)