make her mistress happy. For it was that Piper's mistress was a cruel woman, by who's hands Piper had been struck many a time. Maybe, she'd always thought, if I could just make her happy, her life might find itself better. Maybe she just needs to be met with kindness. The night grew dark, soon Ethel's husband came as he always did when Piper worked late into the evening and walked her home. "Piper!" Her mistress called the moment she stepped foot in the home. Piper slipped off her shoes, which were hardly still shoes, simply worn cloth and leather now, and quickly made her way to the dinning hall. There at the long table, sat her mistress and her two daughters. "Your days payment." "Yes, mistress." She quickly curtsied and gave her days earnings. "More than usual." Her mistress observed. "More dresses went out today, final payments were made." Piper responded. "Good. You shall eat quickly and then finish the work on Isobel and Gretchen's dresses. I don't care when you finish that, so long as the entire hall is scrubbed before you find your bed this night." "Yes, mistress." Piper held back a sigh. The front hall was minute compared to her usual tasks, but after a whole day of sewing, her fingers were already red and sore. At least her fingers would be numb, she cheered herself slightly. "Go." Her mistress waved her off. Piper curtsied before scampering off to the kitchen. "There she is." Several of the servants turned toward her, "We thought you wouldn't be coming home tonight. With the ball so close." "I had to, Ethel refused to let me stay." "You're lucky she takes care of you, or you'd work yourself to death." "I'm afraid, I wouldn't be the one working myself to death." Piper said softly as she quickly ate her food. She then hurried up to the lounge where she had set up Isobel and Gretchen's dresses. The dresses were made from fine materials, all the beads and embroidery were created by Piper's own hands. The pink dress that belong to Isobel had much more sparkle, while Gretchen's red dress had a much fuller skirt. Piper had spent many hours making the dresses to match each girl's shoes. A curious thing, to want your dress to be made specifically to match the shoes you've bought. In Piper's mind the thought made no sense, but she did not question it, nor did she vocalize her thoughts. The girls and their mother sat in the parlor and watched as Piper finished each dress. At one point Isobel decided to sing for the three of them. Suddenly, Piper was finding herself thankful for Annabeth's screechy high notes, at least her low notes didn't sound dreadful as well. Isobel was unfortunate enough to actually be tone deaf. "Piper." Her mistress called. "Yes, mistress?" "Are those dresses done yet?" "Gretchen's is ma'am. I have but a few details left of Isobel's." "Get Gretchen in her dress then." "Yes mistress." Piper nodded and began to help Gretchen into the dress. Piper felt as though the dress would eat little Gretchen alive. But the girl just swooned and seduced herself in the mirror. Absolutely thrilled with the product. Piper expected no thank you, and her expectations were met. As she finished Isobel's dress she heard the squeal of delight from Gretchen who had put on her shoes and gloves. "Oh mother, don't I look lovely?" "Ravishing dear." "I want to try mine on!" Isobel stopped her foot, "Piper, is my dress ready yet!?" "Yes ma'am." Piper nodded, tying off the last stitch. "Then why is it not on me?" The girl demanded before smacking Piper. "Get me dressed!" "Yes, ma'am." Piper nodded, dressing the young girl as quickly as she could. At eighteen the twins couldn't have acted past the age of four. They still threw tantrums and beat their little servant girl. Though Piper was not yet seventeen, she felt as though she should have had some authority over them. However, when that thought surfaced, she shoved it down deep in her mind. She was their servant, and she was to be kind to them. They were giving her their home, sharing their food when they did not have to. Kindness is required by all. "Oh I look just as beautiful as Gretchen don't I mother?" Isobel squealed with delight. "Yes my darling." Her mother smiled broadly, "Piper, go polish the hall." "Polish, ma'am?" "Are you deaf?" "Well, I just thought I was to-" "You are to scrub and polish the front hall, understood?" "Yes ma'am." "Oh mother, the trials that one puts you though." Gretchen spat at Piper as she passed by. "I hope you girls will learn from my patience with her." Piper then began to scrub the front hall, and as she did so, under her breath she allowed a sweet tune to fill her up with hope. She smiled through her task, singing softly until every last inch of the front hall was washed and polished. The clock sounded one, as she finally lay down her head upon the stony floor beside the fire, what she would call her bed. Her sleep was rough and interrupted when her early job called for her to wake. It was at this same time that many nobles arrived in the kingdom. Among whom were King Zeus, Queen Aphrodite, Lord Apollo and his Oracle. As they were welcomed to the palace the Oracle stopped where she stood. The other members of her party turned to her. "What do you see?" King Zeus asked. The Oracle blinked, "With kindness spark and gentle curl... A simple touch will... Make her wife?" "What?" "She is near. Her curse... It makes no sense." The Oracle then came back to herself. "Lord Apollo, what does this mean?" King Zeus asked. "I believe, if I'm not mistaken, she now refers to the princess." "My daughter?" Lord Apollo nodded to Queen Aphrodite, "She's near."