love you. So much it's unhealthy. I can't live a day without seeing you smile or roll your eyes at me or cut me mid sentence with a kiss when I say something stupid...you make me so completely happy" He entered the room and sit beside her on the bed, she act as if she didn't acknowledge his presence but in reality her heart was swooning with love and she wanted to hold him and kiss his cheeks, it had been a while since she last heard him say so many cheesy yet true and heartbreakingly cute things to her. She held her tongue to see where he was going with it. "I really have been thinking about it for three months. And I'm sorry I screw it up but... Will you make me the honor of marrying me?" He looked for the ring but remembered he set it on the coffee table when he went to the bathroom. He muttered "shit, wait" Annabeth couldn't help but roll her eyes and smiled when he rushed out to look for it. He bounced on the bed a little when he threw himself at her side and opened the box for her. She looked into his eyes with humor and love, all angry traces completely gone from her expression. "Idiot. I give you another chance to do it right and you screw up again! You're impossible!" He grinned a little and she kissed him. "Is that a yes?" "I never said no" "Is it a yes then?" "I didn't say yes either" "I'm getting confused Wise Girl" His cheeks flushed a little and she couldn't help but put her arms around his neck pulling him closer for a kiss thinking he was adorable when he blushed. "I love you" She said between kisses Percy responded eagerly and when they pulled away she put her head on his shoulder. "I think I would have doubt if your proposal came out perfect" She laughed a little. "Perfect is not my style, it's yours babe" "True enough. Don't call me babe" "Now...what about that answer" "Gods you're so impatient Perseus! I'm still thinking about it" She said seriously and she noticed his arms tensing around her. "Are you?" He asked nervously. She kissed his neck and laughed shaking her head. "Is it really such an honor?" She teased and he pulled back from the hug and smiled at her. "You have no idea" "Then yes" He looked at her mischievously He grabbed her hand in his and pulled the ring out "May I?" Annabeth looked at the ring closely now and smiled. She was stun for a moment for how incredibly it suited her, them. "Gods Percy it's beautiful" She whispered and he smiled brightly. "Like you" "Okay, no. Don't start saying cheesy things. Put it on my finger before I regret this" She said jokingly and he gave her a playful shoulder bump and she pushed him back too. He slid the ring on her finger and Percy thought it look even more beautiful now. It was completely the right pick. He kissed her hand. "No refunds or regrets now" He said and she pulled him for another kiss. "Whats my guarantee then?" He made a face of thinking hard. "That I love you" She pulled him for another long kiss. After they pulled away Annabeth hug him tightly and looked at her ring over his shoulder. "I love you too Seaweed Brain" She muttered. "It was about time you propose to me, you dork!" She punched him hard on his side to make her point. "Ouch! You know me…Like everything, it took me longer to realize. You're always a step ahead. Sorry Wise Girl" "I got used to it Kelp Head" "Now...I have these tickets to Vegas" "You can't be serious" She muttered because knowing Percy it was probably true... "What? Don't you want to get married in Vegas? It's cheaper and faster…" She rolled her eyes and he smirked. "Is it okay if our travel companions are a lion, a zebra and an antelope? They can be our marriage witnesses" She laughed remembering it and hugged him tighter, that was such a long time ago. She remembered thinking he looked cute in the darkness while they shared Oreos and had their first deep conversation. She had tried to avoid his eyes at all costs but when their eyes met in the darkness and he suggested writing to her dad, his eyes shone with caring and completely loyal friendship. "Only if we eat some Oreos on the way" She said and blinked tears of pure happiness because her something permanent had been there a long time ago. Annabeth felt his lips on her hair. "We were twelve" He said unbelievably and pulled her back towards the headboard where he laid on a pillow and she made herself comfortable against his chest. "We have come a long way" She muttered, he started laughing suddenly and she looked up, inquiringly. "What if you told your twelve year old self you were going to marry that boy?" He explained and she laughed too. "I would have told myself that it was crazy, she wouldn't have believed it." "My twelve year old self would think that I'm out of my mind, too. How can I marry such a bossy know it all, with her demanding tone and everything?" "Woah okay, watch it! You're stepping out of the line" She warned and he laughed and rolled so he was pressing her against the mattress. He hid his face against her neck and breathed her in, he was so completely and helplessly in love with her, she sighed contently in his arms "And here we are" They look at each other smiling. He kissed her all over her face. "So are you in the mood yet?" He whispered in her ear with a seductive tone. She rolled her eyes at him but answered against his lips "Maybe I am"