I want you to write me a will of sorts." " Does that mean I get the underwear you die in?" She teases. " Nah I think Nico gets that." " What do you want a will for?" " I just… it's less a will and- more- a thank you." She grabs my oxygen mask and holds it to my face, allowing me a second to breathe easier. "I want my final sentiment to be my own words. Not some random priest I've never met." She turns to a new page and smiles at me. Her face reads as if she doesn't know pain. Not even an ounce of sadness has ever graced her body as she ready's her pencil, "So tell me then," She asks in the tone of a reporter, "when I tell the world of the impervious Percy Jackson, what should I say?" " Aside the fact that I'm roguishly handsome and really good at cards?" " In addition to that." I take a second to pull myself together, clear my throat and hope my voice remains even as I read the last words of my best friend. "He said to me, 'Now write this down, because I have lots of things to say'." My friends kind of laugh, almost uncomfortably that breathy kind of laugh where they'd have typically rolled their eyes. Because of course the great Percy Jackson would use what little breath was still held inside of his weak and dying body to laugh. "First, I hope that I laughed enough so that annoying little snort I always made will never truly go away, even once I have. Second I know how tough it's going to be the live on without me because let's be real here, I'm a gift to this world and you should appreciate me. I take that back, I know you all appreciated me, and I love you for it. You made this whole life thing a lot more bearable. "Third please make sure that the day of my death spans a few days on my tombstone, I want random future passersby to think they missed some elaborate event. Or maybe I'll end up in a super pretentious novel where teen detectives try to find out how I took a week to die and instead find out the meaning of life and a good slushie. "Fourth, I want you to know, that those of you who lived up until now are the ones who deserved this life. You guys deserved to keep going and the rest of us, well, we deserved the relief of finally falling asleep. I hope I was worth your time, because each second I spent with one of you was a second I will never regret. Just remember, I wasn't ready to die when I did, but I'm relieved that it happened. "I have one thing to ask of all of you." I don't believe in ghosts, but the next words that came out of my mouth sounded as if Percy was saying them right in my ear. Each word phrased and emphasized exactly as he had said it that day. "Just enjoy tomorrow for me, and every tomorrow that you have. I know they're gonna be crying by now, Pipes, but tell them to shut the fuck up for a second and listen, this is important. "Don't be destroyed by something that didn't destroy you. Just because I am gone doesn't mean you get to be too. Keep fighting for what's right, and as my last word, tell them I said this. There isn't a thing worth dying for but there are plenty of things worse than death." I swear that his voice comes out of my mouth when I say, " Before you go, tell the sun I said good morning and kiss the moon goodnight. " For a moment, we are all silent, the room is heavy, and I know that Percy would have hated it. I decide that I hate it too. "So, cheers, to the sun, the moon, and stars." Everyone raises their glasses together, like a premature new year's clink. Annabeth suddenly says, "And may every morning begin with a kiss goodbye to yesterday." Needless to say, we stay up to watch the sunrise, to remind ourselves of all we've lost, but with the fading darkness we release the sorrow of yesterday. And while five teenagers who already narrowly escaped death shouldn't sit on a roof we watch the night melt into morning. Annabeth leaning on Nico holding Frank's hand while I am wrapped up in Jason's arms. "It's gonna be hard to kiss the moon don't you think?" Frank says. "That's just like Percy, giving us an impossibility to put him to rest." Annabeth says with a slight smile. The first smile I've seen on her face since Percy lost his voice. Once the sun is well above the horizon we all climb back into my bedroom and disperse to snuggle under blankets for a well-deserved rest. Jason holds my waist as we curl up together. He kisses both of my cheeks, my nose, and finally my lips. I smile when he pulls back, "What was that for?" "I'm just helping fulfill my best friend's dying wish." "Oh?" I ask. "Well, sort of… because you're my world, so I guess that makes me the moon." "You're more than that you know." I tell him gently, tying my fingers up with his. "Let me have this." "Okay… I love you." "I love you too." He barely speaks it, he's whispering so softly, his eyes already fluttering shut because the big softy can't handle staying up late. "Goodnight." I tell him, and when I close my eyes, I feel as though a heaviness is lifted around me. I don't believe in ghosts, like I said, but I entertain the idea, just for a second before sleep takes me, if I've set his spirit free. And that thought, makes me endlessly happy.