upset by that. This whole thing was going too awkwardly. Percy suddenly wished he hadn't asked to sit with her. They sat in silence for a bit longer and Percy finally checked his watch. "It's almost two, she should be here, soon," he said a bit awkwardly. "Oh, cool, yeah, that's when I'm meeting him too," her reply was just as awkward. they sat in silence a bit longer. At 2:02 Percy got more anxous. She was punctual, this much he had learned, where was she? No one had walked into the cafe, in the past five miuntes, except an old man. "She's not likely to be late, I wonder what's up," he muttered aloud. "I'm sure she'll be here soon," Annabeth reassured, but she was looking nervous too. At 2:07 Percy was conviced she has ditched. Unless she was a goth 14 year old boy of a mom with two kids, she hadn't shown. "I don't think she's coiming," he said a bit dejectedly. Annabeth gave him a sympathetic look and he realized that her friend hadn't shown up either. "I'm sorry, I didn't even realize, what about your guy?" he asked softly. Annabeth shrugged and looked down sadly. "Looks like he ditched too." "Check your phone, maybe he texted you?" Percy offered hating to see Annabeth so sad. She pulled out her phone and looked at it blankly, "No, no message." There was a minute of silence where the two sat there and let it sink in that they had been stood up. Finally Percy looked up, "How about we get something to eat?" he offered. Annabeth looked at him, "Are you suggesting a date?" she asked, looking clearly surprised. Percy blushed a bit and rubbed the back of his neck. "Yeah, I guess I am." Annabeth smiled, "Okay then." Ten minutes later they were sitting in the same booth with food in front of them and smiles on their faces as they talked. After a moment of silence as their laughter died down from a funny story, Percy brought up the subject again. "Look, I'm really sorry about your guy, that he ditched. It's his loss." "It's okay, I shouldn't have expected much. Sorry about your girl." "She's just a friend, we're not...dating or anything," Percy felt the need to clear up. Then changed the topic, "Why wouldn't you expect him to come though? I though he was a friend..." Percy was aware he was going into sensitive territory but he wanted to know where she stood with this guy, before making a bigger move. "Well, I've never actually met him," she started, "we met on tumblr and started messaging each other from an ask I sent him...I just found out yeterday we live in the same town so we made plans to meet. I guess, I just got to excited. I kinda liked him, I shouldn't have put that much hope into someone I have never seen." Percy just stared at her, shocked at her confession. No. Way. It was her? fangirl-owl was her? The girl he liked and the other girl he liked were the same person, there was no way. "Are you okay?" Annabeth's voice snapped him out of his thoughts. "fangirl-owl?" he questioned. Annabeth looked just as shocked, he could almost see the gears turning in her head. "bluecookies7?" Percy broke out into a huge smile, "No way! You are fangirl-owl! That's..." Annabeth finally smiled back, "awesome, I belive the word you're looking for is awesome." "Hell yeah, I can't belive we knew each other but didn't know each other." "It is amazing, this is fantastic!" she smiled and he recognized the Doctor Who reference. Then something struck him, "Hang on, you said you liked me." Annabeth blushed, "I said I kinda like you." "Kinda?" he rose his eyebrows. "Well I liked you you...so..." she trailed off. "Wait, so you like me, and well...tumblr me?" Percy couldn't belive his luck. "This is a mess," Annabeth chuckled, we were both grinning widley and the excitement was contagious. "Let's start over," she suggeted. "Hi, I'm Annabeth aka fangirl-owl." "Hi, I'm Percy aka bluecookies7." -LINEBREAK- "Well you were so smooth, I didn't think that the dork in tumblr was the same person," Annabeth pointed out as she sipped her drink. "Ouch, that hurt Annabeth, right here," Percy said dramaically pointing to his heart. "Oh shut up, the dork on tumblr was cute," she murmered leaning in a bit. "And the Percy in real life?" he asked in a low voice leaning in as well. "He was hot," she winked at him. Percy leaned in clser so that his lips were just barely touching hers. "Hot enough for a kiss?" "Maybe," she whispered. Then leaned back in her seat. Percy all but wimpered. "Your ability to be Sam and Dean at the same time amazes me," she said instead. "You know I made a Supernatural reference when I first saw you. You just didn't react." "I wasn't sure if you were actually making a reference or just talking," she defended. "Really, wow," he responded sarcastically, referencing the tenth doctor. As they both stood up to throw away thir trash and leave the cafe, Annabeth hit him lightly on the arm. "Ow, what was that for?" he frowned at her. "For being a sarcastic assbutt," she responded heading for the door. He ran up, and opened it for her a second before she reached the doorway. They walked out of the cafe talking and laughing, and Percy might have slipped his hand over hers and she might have leaned into him. Their first official date was to a convention, their kiss was cosplaying as Tenrose, and their wedding featured the song Carry On My Wayward Son with smiley face napkins and Tardis blue decorations. That's the story of Percy and Annabeth and this is how they met IRL. A/N: Well how was it? And for my old readers, how was the extended ending? Please Review! See ya! :)