in as soon as I get your discharge papers in order." Doc informs me. I don't respond, I wait for them to say something. After an awkward pause Chiron says, "Your roommate is excited to meet you. Her name is Annabeth and she's been with us since we opened. She'll be helping you get settled in." I wonder what's wrong with her, if she's been there since they opened. I sincerely hope she's hard to get along with, I hope she's not actually excited to meet me. I mean, I'm kind of terminal, and maybe she is too. But who wants to have friends when you know we're going to die? After I wake up a bit more, I'm discharged from the hospital, and taken to my new home via hospital van. It's not even dark out, it's only six o'clock. I'm still thoroughly exhausted besides that, however. "We're here." Chiron announces. as we pull into the driveway. Much to my surprise, the house looks exactly like it did in the pamphlet. Why am I shocked? I don't know, I don't usually expect things to be exactly what they seem. Chiron helps me out of the van and leads me up to the house, "It's dinner time, everyone will be in the dinning room. You don't have to eat tonight, if you're too tired. But we'd like you to meet everyone." I don't respond as we walk into the house. Chiron directs me to the dinning room. The first thing I notice is that it's obnoxiously loud. Filled with ringing laughter and even louder comebacks. I feel like I'm walking into a school cafeteria. Once I find myself standing in the dinning room, the teens around the table fall silent. I have always hated attention. Especially now, I feel incredibly uncomfortable. "Everyone. This is Piper. Our new resident. I expect you all to make her feel welcome." He turns to me, "Are you hungry? You can take a seat and eat with the rest of them, if you are." I have to think for a moment. I haven't eaten since breakfast at eight o'clock this morning, "Yeah." I mumble. "Okay, you can go sit next to Annabeth, right at the end there." Chiron directs me to the other end of the table where a girl with a mop head of messy blonde curls sits. I take a seat beside her, "Hi." She says, "I'm Annabeth, which, yeah, Chiron just told you. I'm your roommate." "Hi." I give her a small smile, "Piper." I'm given a small plate and some utensils. "Hey guys, pass some food down here, will ya?" Annabeth says. "I'll think about it." An impish looking boy smirks. "Don't be like that, Leo." Annabeth says, "We have to be nice remember?" Leo rolls his eyes, "Fine." He passes down a bowel full of Mac and Cheese. I scoop a bit on to my plate. "Does this mean I can sleep in your bed now?" The boy beside Annabeth asks. "Percy!" Annabeth laughs. My eyes widen considerably, "No!" "What? Now that they've pushed the beds back-" "Stop it!" I look down at my food and start eating a bit quicker. "It's a valid question." He protests. "In what world?" She demands. "This one. Duh." I'm so happy I get full quickly. Does anesthesia do that? Cause I'm full and falling asleep, and I'm so glad because I assume they want to ask me questions that I don't feel like answering. "Piper? It's Piper right?" "Hm?" I look up from my empty plate that had almost mesmerized me into sleeping. "I'm Percy, the coolest kid you will ever meet." The dark haired guy beside Annabeth introduces himself, "And Annabeth's boyfriend. She'll probably spend a lot of time talking about me." "Stop it." She scolds him. I feel myself nodding off again. "What'd they do, drug you before bringing you over here?" Percy asks. "Yeah." I think I nod, but I probably just sound high. "I'll take you to our room. You can get some rest. I'm sure you've had a long day." I slowly stand up, let my sight readjust to my new position, and follow Annabeth out of the dinning room, "I'll help you out tomorrow." She leads me down a long stretch of hallway, "We haven't had a new resident in awhile. But don't worry, we're a good group. We're very accepting of each other." "Cool." I slur tiredly. "Are you okay?" Annabeth turns to look at me. "Yeah, I just... Had a procedure done like... Two, maybe three hours ago?" "Wow, and they just brought you over here?" "Yeah." I feel a bit dizzy as she opens the door to our room. "What was the procedure?" She asks flipping on a blinding light. The room is well sized. Two twin sized beds, two dressers, and a closet fit nice and evenly. The room looks lived in, thankfully. Annabeth's bed has a knitted quilt on it, books precariously perched on the edge of her dresser, and pictures scattering the walls of her side of the room. "Pacemaker." I say sitting down on my bed. It's not the most comfortable thing I've ever felt, but it's better than the hospital bed I had been in an hour ago. Even on that thing, though, I'd still sleep like a baby, at this point. "Ah, you're a heart kid." "Yeah, I guess." I say, feeling my drowsiness intensify with each passing second. "Well, we can talk more in the morning, you seem really worn out. Your clothes are in the drawer, bathroom is at the end of the hall last door on the left." I nod, "You want me to turn off the light?" "Sure." I mutter, slipping off my shoes. "Night, Piper." "Night." The moment the door is closed behind her I fall onto the bed. Not even bothering to pull up a blanket I only have enough consciousness to pull my knees to my chest before I fall asleep.