hotel, they had sent Annabeth after all. She must be a goddess, or as Percy smiled as he remembered the day, a half goddess. -LINEBREAK- "PERCY JACKSON! GET YOUR ASS OFF THE BED!" Annabeth all but yelled. Percy groaned and turned over half of him wondering how in the world Annabeth had managed to get into his hotel room; and the other half still asleep. "Asfghsjfcod" he mumbled in coherently. There was a silence and for a second he hoped he had won. But then he felt a breath wash over his face, and soft curls on his neck. He could imagine Annabeth bending over him, she was not giving up. He scolded himself for letting himself think she would. Annabeth Chase was persistent. "Hey, Seaweed Brain," she whispered softly in his ear. It sent shivers down his spine. He could smell her lemon scent and the warm breath that played across his cheek wasn't helping either. Percy didnt dare move, if he did he would be face to face with Annabeth, nose to nose, mouth to mouth. Not that he wouldn't like to be in that position, but the fact that he might actually reach up and kiss her, held him back. So maybe he had developed a tiny crush on his new friend. Well not that new, it had been a little more than a week. Annabeth's voice brought him out of his thoughts. "I got food," she said in the same soft tone. Now normally, the prospect of food was really appealing to Percy. But Annabeth's closeness was definitely more appealing, he wasn't sure he could move even if he had wanted too. Grudgingly Percy opened an eye and looked up at Annabeth's face, okay so maybe the sight wasn't the most unpleasant thing to wake up to. "What food?" he mumbled, acting asleep even though he was wide awake, with his heart beating a little faster than normal. It may have had something to do with Annabeth. "The doggy bag I brought from that cafe," Annabeth started off handedly. Percy opened his other eye, and blinked. "Well..." he said. "Get off the bed," she said straightening up. Percy missed the closeness. When he got out of bed, he was disappointed to find out she had lied to him, and had proceeded to try and get back in bed. Key word, try. Annabeth hadn't let him of course, grabbing his hand and pulling him away. "We have two more days in Greece! Don't sleep them off," she insisted. And because it was Annabeth he had listened and they had spent another day out exploring the city. It was on their last day in Greece he realized something. Would he ever see Annabeth again? He froze as the thought entered his mind. She had become a constant for him, not to mention a close friend and a crush. After they left would they still talk? still meet? Still be friends? He knew he liked her, more than a friend but he wasn't sure if she felt the same way. Would it be wise to confess his feelings before they left? He looked sideways at her, she was taking a picture of the setting sun on the horizon, that outlined the city. She turned and caught him watching her. He turned away quickly, but cleared his throat to speak a moment later, "It's our last day," he said aloud. "Yeah..." Annabeth sighed looking ahead of her. "Are we...are we still going to you know,"he paused as Annabeth turned to look at him curiously, "going to be friends, and hang out and stuff," he finished vaguely and a bit awkwardly. Annabeth tilted her head as she looked at him, it was a cute gesture. "Of course, unless you don't want to be friends with me," she said, a bit teasingly but Percy sensed the anxiousness behind that. "Of course I do!" he hurried to exclaim, "I was just wondering if you..." he trailed off. "What you thought I would abandon you, what type of friend would I be," she asked, faking indigence. "A really bad one," he answered the question. Annabeth shook her head, "You are ridiculous!" She had said that the first day they had met too, called him ridiculous. And it was just as affectionate, if not more, than the first time. Percy just grinned and they stared at the setting sun for a moment more before Percy turned his gaze back on Annabeth. If anything she had grown more beautiful in his mind than when he had first met her. Annabeth caught him looking a second time. This time he held her gaze. "Annabeth, what if I don't want to be friends," he asked her, still looking into her eyes. He winced as hurt flashed across them, "Then no one is stopping you," she finally responded. "Good," he said leaning closer to her. Her breath hitched as his lips neared hers, and in the next second they were on hers. It was nothing like Percy had imagined, no that he had been imagining what it would be like to kiss Annabeth, psh, but it really was spectacular. Her lips moved in sync with his, and he tried to pour all his feelings into the kiss. They broke apart, breathing a bit heavily. "I was thinking we could be more than friends," he said trying to regain use of his voice. "I think that's a very good thought," she said leaning closer to him again, "especially for a Seaweed Brain," and Percy really was gonna defend himself. He really was...if his lips werent to busy at the moment. -LINEBREAK- Percy thanked every Greek god in existence when Annabeth said yes. And he thanked them again when she said I do. And when they were back in Greece for their honeymoon, he thanked the fates for that really crappy birthday morning, the one that had led to all this. A/N: Well? How was it? Please review! See ya! :)