grunted, "Where's Stoll?" "Don't know, and if you're looking for him because of the meeting, Piper already came by trying to find him." He glared at the wall, "Meeting?" He swore, "Alright, you're a child of Hermes, think you can do something for one of my bunkmates?" I closed my trunk, stood, and faced him with my arms folded, "Depends on what it is and it depends on what's in it for me." "I don't know what it is, but if he doesn't hold up his end of the bargain you talk to me. It's Vince that has the problem. Think you can handle that, new girl?" "Cassie." He rolled his eyes, "Think you can handle that, Cassie?" I smirked, "I guess I'll find out." I walked past him and toward the Ares cabin. "Watch the land mines." He called, then jogged toward the Big House. I rolled my eyes, as if I needed reminding that there were land mines. I had watched one blow up yesterday. Poor Ares kid misstepped when a firecracker when off in his pants for some strange reason. Someone barreled me over, taking both of us down and rolling together for a couple feet. "Ow…oh…what the—" I groaned, shaking my head and looking at the groaning person beside me. Malcolm had a hand on his forehead and wince on his face, "I am so sorry, are you okay? Did I hurt you?" "I'm fine, just a little banged up." I pulled his hand away from his forehead, "You, however, should get that looked at." "I should have been watching where I was going," he stood up and looking around as he offered me the hand that didn't have blood on it. I took it and stood, "It must have been awfully important." His eyes met mine, "Not really, I just wanted to get back to practice quickly." "Then I better not hold you up." I stepped back. He opened his mouth, then shut it, "Right, see you around." He pivoted and ran into the Apollo cabin. I shook my head, trying to shake those gray eyes out of my mind's eye, and continued to the Ares cabin. I made it past the mine field and to the door. It was open, there was some shouting and the sound of wrestling. The smell of sweat. And two guys wrestling in the middle of the cabin while four others watched. I knocked, though I knew they wouldn't hear me, then called over the shouting, "I'm looking for Vince?" There was a pause in the fighting, lasting only a heartbeat, then it started up again. One of the spectators—a big, burly dude (hang on…that's the whole cabin) with blond hair and a skinned nose—came over. "I'm Vince, what do you want?" "Cassie, daughter of Hermes. Sherman said you had a problem you need fixed." I said, folding my arms. I would not be intimidated. I would not be intimidated. He glared a bit, "I was hoping for Stoll, or someone with experience." "Just because I'm new to camp doesn't mean I'm new to doing any of the things my siblings do. What's the problem?" He glanced back at his cabin mates, "Got your weapon?" I arched an eyebrow, "Is that a trick question?" He grunted, "Beach, it's more private." I nodded and stepped out of the cabin, "Smells better, too." "It doesn't smell." He became defensive. "It really does, it smells like six sweaty boys. Don't the girls in your cabin complain?" He shrugged, "Sometimes." He had a massive sword, and he stalked through the camp as if expecting to be attacked. He didn't say another word, obviously disinclined to share until we were actually on the beach. I understood why. The waves on the shore would provide us with a bit of a sound barrier, preventing others from easily ease-dropping on us. Plus the closer we got to the water, the easier the line of sight was, making it hard for enemies to sneak up. Enemies here being people who are inclined to listen in. As we got as close to the water as we dared, and the overwhelming smell of the sea filed my nostrils, I just wanted to sit in the sand and enjoy the white noise and the sunshine. He was evaluating me, though, and sitting would just make him walk away. "You can't tell anyone." "I figured as much." I gestured around us. He grunted, "I just…I need information. Sensitive information. I figure you can steal something that will help me figure it out." I blinked, "You need information on a girl, don't you?" He turned bright red, "Tell Sherman this is what I wanted and I will make you wish I had killed you." I smirked, "I didn't plan on telling anyone. Who is she, what cabin, what do you want to know?" "Stacy Krivkov, daughter of Apollo. She's been coming for about three months. I want to know…" He halted, glaring at the sand. I waited, then realized he didn't even know. He probably wanted to ask her out, impress her, and wanted to know something about her to do so. "Her favorite things?" He shifted, looking me over again, "You're sure you can do this?" "Yeah, it might take me a couple days to get all the important things, but I can do this. Because I'm a girl. And if she's newer, then I have something to talk to her about. You've heard of my siblings talking themselves out of situations? Well, I talk my way in. Give me until Saturday, if I don't have at least two things you can use to impress her, then I won't make you repay me. Deal?" I stuck my hand out. He frowned at me, watching me for a while, evaluating the opponent before him. Then he slowly shook my hand, "We'll talk payment on Saturday?" I nodded, "Sounds good." I turned and started walking back toward the cabins. Time to meet Stacy.