he paled. In front of him was the burned face of his hunt, now his hunter. Attempting to go for his weapon and coming up empty. The monster looked into his eyes with grin on his face and spoke to the man in disbelief." "How simple it is for the hunter to become the hunted." "The monster reached out brining forth his weapon." Three out of the four girls now held his gaze. "As the man watched his life flashed before his eyes. Thinking back to the one thing all hunters of the wild are taught." Cory head felt dizzy while he listened in a trance. "The food chain is circle. No one is on top forever and if you think are, well. You just might be on someone elses dinner. With that the monster bellowed out in his attack." 'LAST STOP," the bus driver bellowed out cutting off window girl. All three girls stood just then to walk up the idle. Leaving behind there friend in the hood. Cory had to shake himself from the daze in was in to stand. Camouflage girl had not moved at all yet and would soon be left behind by her friends. "Hay girl, hay wake up they stopped." The girl had long brown hair poking out of her jacket. "Girl you are going to be left behind by your friends if you do not get up." A pale hand shot up to grab Cory wrist that had been shaking her shoulder. "Ow," Cory winced. The girl had surprising strength for someone so young. Her face was still concealed but she spoke in a very light tone. "I will find them, thank you boy." Stepping back to give her room. Cory watched as the little girl left the bus slowly. She stopped by the door for a moment. Cory looked back to see she had stopped for something she had left in her seat. Picking it up and looking. It was a silver arrow head with some kind of symbol. "Umm, here you forgot this," Cory said turning to deliver. "What the, were did she go?" A pudge bus driver looked up from his clip board. "What are talking about, your the only one still here." "The four girls, the one that was just by the door a minute ago." Cory felt an all to familiar situation coming about. "There were no girls here kid, unless of course you count the old broad I dropped off in Browning." Running from his seat with his bag in hand out the door. Cory searched for anyone wearing gray camo. Not a soul in sight had any though. In fact Cory would be the only one here with any type of camo. "See kid nobody." The bus driver said poking his head out the door. "Now go enjoy yourself kid." The bus driver went back to checking off his clip board. "How can someone disappear like that?" It wasn't surprising though. In the past people would show up then vanish in to thin air. Some would stalk Cory like an predator, the animal type not the creepy uncle in a van. Others Cory would have sworn had shaggy legs and horns under there clothes. This would just be another in his hallucination bank. Window girl had to be real. That was one story Cory could not have dreamt of if he tried and the way she talked. It was so different from her friends, how though? Cory continued down a walk path towgyard the park ranger building. Everyone had been told to register before entering the woods. Strange things were going on with the animals this year. They had explained some were getting bolder now. Attacking hunters when they least were ready. Catching a few in there sleep, "As he stalked up the mountain." Cory turned a one-eighty to find her. "Great now I'm losing my mind." Window girl was not there, yet he still felt as if he were being watched again. "That story really was good," Cory thought. "What story?" Cory turned back around to find a park ranger standing in front of him. All green everything up to his hat and even his slit eyes. Wait no that wasn't right. Cory looked again at the mans eyes. They were normal. Yeah I'm losing it, Cory thought. "Ow just an old story I heard of the mountain here." He said nodding off in the direction of the woods. The older man smiled. "Yes, yes. We do have plenty of those around here. Tell me lad are you not from here?" It was innocent question but something was desperately tugging the alarm in Cory mind. Something just did not feel right about this guy. It could have been that all to good meaning smile, the fact that an adult was not treating him like a criminal. Or when he laughed his mouth stayed closed. Preventing anyone from seeing his teeth. "Well boy o?" The man waited for his response. "I just had not heard that story before that is all." Attempting to end the conversation quickly. The ranger was having no part in it. "Ok so which one?" "The hunter," Cory replied again attempting to leave. With each step the ranger moved with him. Effectively cutting him off. "That old news." That cut Cory short. He looked up at the man sure he had herd him wrong. Had he said news. "It's an old story?" "Actually that story was like twenty maybe a few years older long ago. Give or take of course." Cory just shook his head, now that feeling had body checked his brain. All he could do was focus on the details of the man. Analyzing his eyes, his movements, and even his size. It took some time but he finally got away when he said his dad was waiting. "Why do I get all the freaks," Cory thought walking up to the ranger building once more. Ready to start this trip.