down his door. Will and Nico sit across from each other on the floor of the hallway. They stare at one another. Nico is completely smashed, and it's obvious. He's giggling, his movements are sluggish. He looks like he's about to pass out. But none of this stops what comes next. "You're really pretty," Nico says, and giggles some more, "My dad would beat me if he heard me say that. Once my mom and sister died, he kicked me to the street because I was a useless faggot!" Nico howled with laughter, "Useless faggot." Will swallows hard. He shouldn't be hearing Nico's back story like this, drunk in the hallway of his apartment building. "But… I'm not useless!" Nico exclaims, "I can work! I have a job and stuff, and a cute roommate!" Nico's face suddenly turns series. He scrambles to his knees and crawls over until his forehead is pressed against Will's. Will stares at him, eyes wide. No way this is- And then they're kissing, and Will forgets everything and anything he was thinking before " He taste so sweet." His rejection dies in his throat. They kiss, and they kiss for awhile, until Nico pulls away, laughs maniacally, and proceeds to pass out right in Will's lap. Chapter 5: I'll Remember This One Will's stomach feels as though it's in his feet. He knows Nico will get up soon, he knows he'll have to face the harsh truth. " About last night, Will…. I really don't feel that way about you." And even though it's only been a month, it hurts Will's heart to think that way. In all reality, he really, really likes Nico. This boy that tried to stab him on the street suddenly has become ever so important to him, and he doesn't know what to do. The bedroom door opens, and Nico comes out, looking sour. "Remind me to never take a drink from you again." "About last-" "I don't remember any of it," Nico scowls, climbing onto one of the barstools, "My head feels like it's about to freaking blow up and my stomach is doing fucking jumping jacks. The last thing I remember is… is the music being way too loud and that other blonde dude trying to balance a lamp on his head." Will couldn't believe what he was hearing. Nico didn't remember kissing him. In all reality, that should fill Will with a sense of relief, to know he's not going to be rejected any time soon, but it just fills him with a deep, dark sense of dread. "Did you shower already?" Days come and go, as do the members of Will's family. Will and Nico's choreographed routine doesn't change. Will feels like he could scream for every second of it. Does he tell him, does he not? Does he let the whole thing go even though this kid… this kid he picked up off the street has come to mean so much to him? Damn it. DAMN IT. Will doesn't tell Nico for those few first days, mostly because he's afraid. Okay, that's not accurate… he's terrified. He doesn't want to be rejected. Even worse, he doesn't want Nico to feel like he has to like Will back in order to stay with him. Even if Will's feelings aren't requited, Nico is welcome to stay for the rest of his life if needed. It's New Years Eve when it happens. Because of Nico's intense hang-over and extreme memory loss from the last time he drank, he refuses to drink any wine, instead deciding on the sparkling grape juice stuff, which isn't exactly delicious, but still better than nothing. He and Will sneakily make their way onto the roof of the apartment, waiting for the fireworks to go off in the good parts of town when the clock strikes midnight. Three minutes to go. "Nico," Will starts, and the teen looks over at him curiously, "You know how you don't remember that night you got drunk? Like, at all?" Nico nods. Will swallows. How can he go through with this? He hopes to the gods he doesn't start crying, or something, "Well… see… at some point you said that the music was too loud, and I was sobering up, sorta, and I followed you out the door and we sat in the hall…. And you started telling me about your dad and why he kicked you out." Nico sighs and looks away, "Will, I-" "I don't care about that," Will says, "Seriously, that would be hypocritical. What I was meaning to tell you, was after you told me… you were really drunk and I was still tipsy and you crawled over and we… made out, I guess." Nico was quiet for a long moment after that, processing the information. "And… I don't remember?" Nico asks, looking over at Will. "No, you don't." Nico frowns, and climbs to his feet. Oh gods, Will thinks, He's leaving. But he's not. Instead, Nico offers Will a hand, and the blonde climbs to his feet, confused. They stand chest to chest, on the roof of a run-down apartment building in the bad parts of Chicago, the light of the city in the distance as thousands of people get ready to scream for the New Year. "I'll remember this one." And to Will's amazement, the teenager, standing on his tip-toes, kisses him. Will's arms wrap around Nico's waist as Nico's hook around Will's neck and they are lost in each other. It's unbelieveable, completely unbelievable, especially when a huge blast and a bright array of colors light up the sky. Midnight. They break apart laughing. "What kind of cheesy romantic movie is this?" Will asks. "Ours." They kiss again, more fireworks explode, more colors illuminate the silhouette of their embrace. Yelling and screaming for joy is heard all around, in the apartment building, across the south side, they were probably even hearing the cheers from the good parts of town. Happy 2017.