"So you regret it," he asked. She turned to look at him, and found herself incapable of lying to those bright green eyes. "No. No I-" But she didn't get to finish, because the second that she denied feeling any regret for her actions, Percy scooped her into his arms and kissed her hard, tangling his fingers in her curls, and ridding her brain of all thought minus two words: Percy Jackson . When he kissed her (and when she kissed him- it didn't take to long for Annabeth to shake off the shock and respond with equal fever), it felt like her brain was melting right through her body. He eventually had to pull back for air, but when he did he didn't let go of her. "Do you regret it?" asked Annabeth, smiling. In response he pulled her close for a short but deep kiss. "Me neither," she said, snaking her arms around his neck and resting her head on his chest. He held her tighter and sighed in content. "I have no idea what just happened," he said, and Annabeth laughed in agreement. " But , that said, I've wanted to do that for a really long time, Annabeth. And….and-uh…". "Spit it out, Seaweed Brain" "Cut me some slack, okay?" he protested. "It's weird saying this to my best friend". "Saying what to your best friend?" she teased. "That, well, ,maybe we should try being more than best friends…" She raised her eyebrows. "What, like super best friends?" She was pushing it now. She was teasing Percy quite mercilessly, but she wanted to hear him say it. There was no way she was letting him have the easy way out. "No," he said. "Not anything 'best friends'. More like… more like…" "Yessssss?" she smirked. Percy threw his fist down onto the sand. "Boyfriend and girlfriend, okay?!" he said loudly. "Together. In a relationship. A couple. There. Are you happy now? Satisfied? Or do you want me to get down on one knee?" He spoke too fast for her to answer, and sent sand flying as he scrambled up onto one knee while she laughed at him. "Annabeth Chase!" he cried, taking her hands in his. "Will you be my girlfriend?" She could only laugh- no, quite literally- she never had time to answer before he was on his feet and talking again. "What will it take, my lady? Shall I shout it from the roof tops?" And again, without a second to spare for her to utter but a single word, he turned to face the path back to where the demigods were training and yelled: "I like Annabeth Chase! I want her to be my girlfriend!", until Annabeth, with a stitch in her side from laughing, grabbed his wrists and pulled him back down onto the warm sand beside her. "Annabeth," he panted, breathlessly. "Will you go out with me?" Laughing, she once more grabbed him by his wrists and pinned him firmly back onto the sand, where she kissed him, long and slow and sweet. "Does that answer your question?" she joked as she pulled back. Percy furrowed his eyebrows in mock concentration. "I don't know," he said. "I'm not entirely sure. Perhaps you should show me one more time?" She smiled as she leaned down once again to capture his lips with her own. And, despite her being so obvious, she actually had to show him quite a few times more before he figured out her answer. The thing about being in love, is that when you're in love, it seems like the whole world is too, as Annabeth soon realised. Every colour seems enhanced, every bird seems to sing, every person seems to smile, and she always seems to be in a good mood. Sitting in her father's back garden, holding Percy's hand, she is glad of him spending the week here with her, and she is glad that she will return with him to New York when the week is out. "What are you thinking about?" he asks her. "You," she replies. "What about me?" "How it is only a matter of time before you ask if we can go to the beach" He laughs and plants a kiss on the top of her head, something he's become accustomed to doing over the last eight months. "How did you know?" "Lucky guess," she says, although really, he's a son of Poseidon, and they're in California, and the sun is literally splitting the stones- you don't have to be a child of Athena to put two and two together. "Race you," Annabeth declares, letting go of his hand and taking off down the garden path at high speed. She turns to see him following, his hair blowing as he runs and a huge grin on his face, his eyes alight with mirth. California gets hot in the spring. She couldn't care less. Fin. A/N: Hey guys! Thanks for reading my story, and as I said it's entered in the fandom3 fanfiction contest along with my other story, "I Love You", so if you guys liked it it would mean the world to me if you checked it out on the site and voted for it! The story is dedicated to "annamoebe" who told me about the contest. Thank you, I've had a lot of fun writing the story! As regards the Harry Potter fanfiction I mentioned in my last author's note, I asked for your opinions and you guys decided it should be a SiriusxOC so thank you for your input! But I'm afraid you're going to have to wait a while for it because I've had inspiration for a proper Harry Potter fanfiction, not just romance (With actual chapters! *hears you all gasp* I KNOW!)and the Sirius one will be a spin-off of that so, be patient. Thanks again for all your support and don't forget to vote for this and "I Love You" in the contest! Until next time, FreckleFace01 Xxx