you if you can reach him. Go to the heart of Tartarus, I have lit your path, follow it well; only you can see it , so stick by it. The journey will be harsh, but do not lose hope. As for Jay, I can do nothing. By saving him, it would be considered favoritism, though I wouldn't even if I could, the traitor. Farewell, nephew. Good luck." Silence. He was sure that they'd reached the end of the line when he could sense water under them. Strange. Then again, how many rivers were there in the Underworld? So maybe not. He didn't know their names, of course; only a few of them- Styx, Lethe, and the Acheron. The other two he'd forgotten. It made little difference now; all of them had potentially deadly effects, though some more than others. As the cavern began to widen and light up, he'd pulled Annabeth to him, because he knew that the impact was gonna hurt. He summoned the river, swiftly pulling it toward him before the feeling of Stygian iron washed over them. Huh. The river of misery. Welcome to Tartarus. -=-Flashback End-=- " Interesting… Your faith is strong, and your mental stability still seems balanced. You'd shown bravery when you didn't panic, and were creative in whom you'd prayed to. Good enough for me, honestly, but the rest… Oh well ." She seemed amused as she spoke, which hadn't settled his nerves in the slightest. He'd shifted, slightly uncomfortable in the ancient temple, and her eyes flickered to his face. " Anyway, shall we continue? Here we go, your future. " She flipped through the books pages, humming contentedly as she did so. " Shall we get straight to the point? " At his nod, she'd continued; " you are going to die within three weeks. Choose how you spend them well." To say he was shocked would be an understatement. If you tell anyone that they're going to die, you'll likely get the same responce. The whole 'I'm too young to die' BS. However, every once and a while, there will be that person, the one who accepts their fate, and doesn't let mourning interrupt what time they have left. He'd supposed that he was one of those people. Duly, he'd nodded to the woman, whose small smile of sympathy went unnoticed. He'd worked hard to make himself underestimated, and while he may have looked stupid every now and then, it had given him man advantage. You see, he wasn't nearly as oblivious as he'd seemed to be. It had helped him out when people didn't ask as many questions, and left him the easier ones. Now, however, he'd voiced something peculiar that he'd noticed. "You're only at the middle of the book , though. Doesn't it end after death? Or perhaps it just tells of what I do in Elysium, or Asphodel, maybe the Fields?" She smiled, a gentle one, and not one of her amused grins. " That depends on you, Percy. You have a choice, offered maybe once in a millennia. Maybe. I'm here to give you this offer, only available after death; I am one of the four original being of the universe, older than the gods themselves. I would like you to become my apprentice, and in extension, the apprentice of the four of us. I am Seeker, the original being of wisdom, and the eldest deity of good luck. The others are called Curious, Infinity, and Imagine. Should you accept, you would be the fifth most powerful being in the world, and, should you continually improve, the most powerful one, despite us ." In a single graceful movement, she'd pointed at a small indent in the bricks of the nearest wall. " Take out that brick. Behind is a small pearl. Once you've died, you may wait as long as you want, or never use it. But if you want to, just crush the pearl. You'll be teleported to us, and will be able to start learning. Whatever you choose, just note that this temple wil vanish as soon as you leave, and you will be unable to tell anyone about it, or your fate. Goodbye, Perseus. " After she'd spoken, it had seemed like she was a monster hit by celestial bronze; her image had dissipated like a pit scorpion would turn to dust. Percy had stood relatively still up to this point, and now moved toward said brick. With a slight grunt of effort, he'd unlodged it from it's hole, and gathered the pearl from its would-be tomb. It was dark blue with scattered white flecks, like the sky at midnight. Fortunately, it had a hole through the middle of it, large enough for him to string it onto his camp necklace. As he walked out of the temple, he couldn't help but shiver as the air around him grew cold; it seemed to suffocate him before suddenly vanishing. He'd turned back to look for the source, but to his surprise, there was nothing there. The temple seemed to have vanished into thin air, leaving behind nothing but a memory lost in the wind. Well. That was the prologue. Hope it was long enough for you guys, and hope you are enjoying it so far. Like I said, there will be no mentions of the Romans or anything from HoO except for the fall to Tartarus, and even that was revised from Rick Riordans original in order for it to fit into the story. Sorry if some things aren't very well explained; the part with Jay may be confusing, and how Percy had found the temple was somewhat left out. Maybe I'll edit this one day. Anyway, the chapter status is at the top of the page; word count, page length, all that good stuff. Please, No flames. I'm not in the mood. Any flames will be ignored. Period. So… R&R, favorite, follow, do whatever you do. I'm out. Cya next time.