shows that Percy will be able to get through this; that he'll be fine. "It's hard to say, but I think it was coming out," he replies. "Hiding that I was gay made me feel empty inside. It was a terrible feeling, but once I forcibly outed and I had to come to terms with it, I felt free. I was complete in a way I've never felt before." Percy nods and goes quiet for several moments. "I think if I want to feel like me again, I should start at the root of the problem. It's only fair that I tell you." "You're not obligated to tell me anything," Nico says, holding Percy's hands. He runs his thumb over the scarred and calloused skin, kissing them gently. "You don't have to tell me if you're not ready." "I want to tell you," Percy murmurs. "I trust you." He meets his eyes, swallowing thickly. "It's something I've never told anyone before." "Percy.." "No, let me continue. You can say what you want later. If I stop, I don't think. I don't think I can continue." His lips start to trembling, but he shoulders on. "Ever since I was a kid, I was scared of people leaving. Dad's great, but he still left mom and me. I know he had to, but I spent so many years wondering why and at the time, I honestly hated him for it. I start school and I'm bullied. No one wanted to be my friend. Maybe, it was dyslexia or the ADHD, I don't know. All I knew was that Grover was my only friend and I was afraid that I would lose him, too." His fist clench, as tears started to gather. He didn't want to cry. He had spent so many nights of his life crying about it already. He should be done by now. But, should doesn't mean that he is. "I started camp and it was hard at first," he continues. "Clarisse was pretty mean and I didn't know anyone there, except for Grover. But once I made friends, I started worrying that they would leave, too." His throat is feeling tight and he chokes back a sob. "That's why I chased after you. I did blame myself for Bianca's death, but I also didn't want you to leave me." Nico's eyes are wide as he listens. He hugs Percy fiercely and the boy bursts into tears. It's not the silent sobs like before; it's loud and heartwrenching and terribly sad. Nico just holds him close, rubbing his back gently. He knows that Percy needs to let it all out. The boy has held it inside long enough. "In the end," he says. His voice is watery, breaking in places, but he still perseveres. "In the end. I want more than to be needed. I want to keep all of my loved ones from leaving and I want to be happy." He cries for a little longer, slight hiccups filling the air. It's not a pretty sound, but when is sadness ever beautiful? "You're so brave," Nico murmurs. His heart is breaking more and more the longer he listens. "Thank you for telling me this. I know it's hard for you. And by the gods, I know it's only going to get harder from here, but you're doing so well." He hesitates, before asking, "How do you feel?" Percy doesn't answer for a long time, but Nico waits patiently. He knows that Percy needs his time. And luckily with no immediate threat to their lives, they had all the time in the world. "I feel.. a little better," he finally says. His voice is steady and clear. "It's nice finally telling someone." Nico smiles. Admittedly, he had expected Percy to apologize for crying, but he's glad to be wrong. "I'll always be here if you need someone to talk to or a shoulder to cry on." "Thank you, Nico." Percy lifts his head from Nico's shoulder and looks up at him. His eyes are ringed with red and puffy at the edges, but he's smiling. It's small but unwavering, and Nico finds it absolutely breathtaking. "For everything." Nico shakes his head. "No. Thank you for giving me the chance to help. Thank you for confiding to me. Thank you for trusting me. You're the one I should be thanking for everything." "Sap." "You love it." He feels his breath catch in his throat when Percy's smile grew. It's the very smile he had fallen in love with, sweet and light with no worries. "Now, you're staring," Percy points out. Nico gives him an innocent look. "Well, it's not my fault my boyfriend is so beautiful." "You're so cheesy," huffs Percy. He breaks into peals of carefree laughter. "But, thank you, though I think you're the gorgeous boyfriend between the two of us." "No, you are." "You." "You." "Me." "Me," Percy repeats, before realizing that he has been tricked. "Yes, you," Nico smirks, as he kisses Percy's cheek. "My gorgeous boyfriend." Percy blushes and buries his head against Nico's shoulder, while the said boy just chuckles. "Cute, too." Percy doesn't reply to his teasing comment, holding onto Nico tightly. He melts into Nico's arms and sighs happily. They stay that way for a while, just basking in each other's company, before the wind starts picking up. They move to cuddle inside under a warm blanket, watching the stars light up the night sky from a window. " Beautiful ," Percy murmurs, his voice colored with awe. Nico nods in agreement, but he's not looking at the star-speckled sky. It's fall and the days are growing shorter with the nights prolonged, but as Percy leans back against Nico's warm body, he finds that change isn't so bad if there's someone to experience it with. I hope you guys liked it. Check out the Percico Positivity Project on tumblr. If you look it up on google, I'm pretty sure it's the first result.