knew that the first hints of a knowing smile were showing on her friend's face. Percy faked a look of hurt, "I liked this one." The door opened and Annabeth dragged Piper out before she could say something embarrassing. "Keep working on it," she called as the doors closed on Percy's amused face. "See you tomorrow, Wise Girl." Thursday morning, a disappointingly empty elevator greeted Annabeth. Annabeth checked her watch, it was already 8:30, Percy had been in the elevator all week before her. The doors started to close and in a last minute decision Annabeth slipped out, nearly getting her leg stuck. She stood off to the side, giving Percy a few more minutes to make it to the elevator. As she fiddled with a loose string on her shirt and tried to pull it off, she suddenly felt extremely ashamed of herself. Annabeth Chase was not the kind of girl to make herself a few minutes let just to spend time with a guy. She was pushing the button to call the elevator when she heard the sound of heavy footsteps running down the hall, accompanied by a chorus of curse words. "Shit, shit, shit. Can't believe I'm late," the voice echoed down the hallway. Annabeth's stomach bubbled up with excitement and couldn't help but laugh at the sound of Percy thundering down the hallway. The doors opened and Annabeth strode in, Percy followed just a few seconds later. "You're late," Annabeth pointed out. Percy gave a sheepish smile, "Sorry, I had to get some stuff together for my marine biology class. I've been working on this whole study on underwater plants and had to bring in a bunch of samples that I've been growing in my dorm." He held up a set off vials with bits of green plants floating around in them. "But you're still here." Percy's smile stretched across his face. "Wouldn't be an elevator ride without you, Seaweed Brain." "I am great company. And I like the nickname." Annabeth rolled her eyes, "Your head is full of kelp." "You know, I feel like I haven't told a good pun in awhile. The International Joke Board may have to pun ish me." "That's not a real thing." "It totally is." They spent the rest of the elevator ride with Annabeth teasing Percy for his ridiculously cheesy puns and they left the elevator side by side. As they walked across the campus lawns, for the first time Annabeth could appreciate how little justice the dim elevator lights did for Percy's appearance. The sunlight weaved itself through his raven hair and Annabeth could see every little fleck of color in his eyes. They looked like the surface of the sea, green with flecks of blue and gold where the sun hit them. Annabeth tore herself away from staring at his eyes and waved good-bye as they went their separate ways, Annabeth to her morning class and Percy walked her to the building ,only giving her a vague wave in a direction being him when she questioned him where his class was. Friday morning, Annabeth hummed to herself as she got onto the elevator, she didn't even have class that morning but her morning elevator rides with Percy had become something she was accustomed to . This time Percy was waiting their, grin spreading across his face as he saw her. They spent the beginning of the ride chatting back and forth until Annabeth blurted out what had been bothering her since yesterday morning. "Where do you go every morning after these elevator rides?" Percy froze mid-demonstration of how to get a cracker from one's forehead to their mouth without using their hands. It comically slid off his face and onto the floor with a crack. "What do you mean?" "Well I never see you with books or anything, other than on Monday and yesterday." Percy sighed, "Jason told me it was only a matter of time until you asked." Annabeth grew worried, did Percy have a big secret of what he did every morning? Did he spend his mornings doing something illegal, or spending time with a girlfriend? Annabeth was slightly ashamed at herself that the latter had made her slightly more worried. Percy rubbed the back of his flushed neck, "Well, I actually only have classes in the morning on Mondays and Thursdays." Annabeth made a confused face, "Then what have you been doing every other morning? What about today?" Percy smiled sheepishly, "Well I've actually just been going straight back upstairs after you leave the elevator and sleeping for a few more hours." Annabeth started to snicker, "Are you kidding me, Percy?" Percy looked slightly offended, "Hey, you should be flattered." Annabeth's small giggle turned into a full-on laughing fit. Percy looked bemused and slightly frustrated as he observed her clutch her sides to slow the giggles. "Why is this so funny?" "Seaweed Brain, I have no classes today either. The only reason I got in this elevator was to see you." Percy's thin pink lips formed a little "o" and he raised his eyebrows. "Is that okay?" "Does this mean I can see you for more than a five minute elevator ride everyday?" He took a step closer to her, a smile spreading across his lips. "I guess it does," Annabeth shrugged, faking nonchalance. Her heart felt like it was about to beat out of her chest. Percy sighed with relief and Annabeth could smell the toothpaste on his breath. "Thank god, I've been getting some pretty weird looks from people watching me go down and back up on the elevator." Annabeth stood up on her toes and kissed his chapped lips. Her brain felt like it was melting out of her ears forming a puddle in her shoes. Percy's expression of shock melted into a smirk, "You know I would make a joke about elevator sex, but its wrong on so many levels." And even Annabeth couldn't stop the laughter from bubbling out.