running up. "Hey guys, guess what?" Travis asked excitedly. He was jumping up and down, clutching his phone in one of his hands. "You finally got expelled from school?" Connor teased. Nico rolled his eyes. "What's up, Travis?" Nico asked. Travis momentarily glared at Connor before resuming his previous actions. "Someone posted a video of our performance online and it's already hit one million views!" Travis blurted out. Nico looked stunned, and Connor dropped his fork. "WHAT?! Let me see!" Connor exclaimed, standing up. Travis eagerly showed Connor the video, which clearly showed Nico, Connor, and Travis's performance the night before. "How did it get so many views so quickly?" "I don't know!" Travis responded. He and Connor were giggling like little school girls, but Nico just sat there, staring at the phone. Travis finally noticed this and frowned. "Nico, you ok?" "Yeah, I'm cool. Read me the comments." Nico answered, still appearing emotionless. Travis looked at Connor, who shrugged. Travis handed Nico the phone, who scrolled down to the comments section. "These guys are awesome! What's the name of this band?" "Woah. They're good. I want them on my phone!" "Where can I get more of their stuff? This is amazing!" "This is my new favorite band! And they're all cute!" "Oh dang," Connor said. He sat down. Travis and Nico looked at him. "Guys, you know what this means, right?" "What, that we're internet famous?" Travis retorted, earning himself a smack upside the head, courtesy of Nico. "No dummy. It means that we should contact our Dad's friend," Connor exclaimed. Travis and Nico both gaped at Connor. "The fact that so many people watched our video and liked it shows us that we could probably make it big!" Connor continued. "Let's slow down a minute," Nico interrupted. "Even if we do make it into the music business, our entire lives would change. We would constantly be on the move if we go on tour. We would have to go 100% into this." "I'm willing," Travis stated. He took a big swig of Connor's drink, who gasped in mock offense. "I'm willing to do whatever it takes. This will be fun!" "I am too," Connor said. He snatched his drink back from Travis. "You in, Nico? We kinda aren't anything without you." Nico looked between the two brothers, who both were gazing at him with puppy dog eyes. Nico tried to keep himself together, but he cracked. He sighed and grinned. "I'm in." Connor and Travis whooped before grabbing their phones. Many phone calls, one demo, and ten months later, Travis and Connor found themselves at the end of their school year, eagerly awaiting the end of the exam period so they could find out their results. The proctor had forced them to turn off their phones before the exam, and in five minutes, they could turn them back on. Their father had promised them that he would text them the news. RING The final bell rang and Travis leapt from his seat. He snatched his phone and he and Connor bolted out the door. "Turn it on! Turn it on!" Connor shouted. The anticipation had left him sweating in his seat, and the entire time, he had ended up staring at his phone as if the sheer willpower for it to give him what he wanted would help him. "I am!" Travis reassured. As soon as his phone powered on, he saw the text alert bubble. He eagerly tapped it and read it aloud to his brother. "Apollo got back to me. He said he loved your demo and would love to sign you over! Oh my gods!" Travis shouted with glee. Connor jumped up and down, laughing uncontrollably. "Hey! We need to go tell Nico! He's in the other building, I think!" Connor gasped. Travis quickly turned to look at his brother before nodding, and the two turned and ran in the direction of Nico's classroom. That summer, the boys didn't go to camp. Instead, they all stayed at the Stolls house, writing songs and testing out music. Twelve months, two additional band members, and lots of coffee later, the boys had completed their album and gotten the approval for a five state tour. Nico had discovered that it was pretty easy transitioning from the life he had to the life of a music star. He had a lot more to do, like completing the last few online classes he had left of his senior year and writing new songs. But he enjoyed all of it. This was an adventure he didn't know he always wanted. "Yo, Nico, help us with the rest of this stuff," Travis yelled at Nico, yanking him from his thoughts. Nico looked up and saw Travis and Connor trying to haul suitcases into the back of the bus. The new band members, Cecil on piano and Lou Ellen on acoustic guitar, were on board the bus stocking up the fridge with drinks and snacks. Nico sighed and ran up to the brothers and helped them out. After finally getting everything packed up, everyone loaded up and strapped in. Nico glanced at Travis, who gave him a thumbs up, and Connor, who just grinned at him. Nico smiled back and looked out the window, watching clouds move through the sky. This was going to be a fun ride. Hey guys! So, how did you like it? If you DID like it, I would very much like to hear from you! If you want me to continue the story, leave a review and follow the story! If I don't get any reviews or stuff, I probably won't work on the story, since I have other stories that I need to be working on. The songs that were used in this chapter were "Break Free" by Ariana Grande and "Raise Your Glass" by P!nk. OBVIOUSLY I don't own the songs, and I don't take credit for writing them. I hope you enjoyed! Until next time!