but failed miserably. "It's okay, let me hear you." Jason panted while starting to fuck into the boy underneath him doggy style. "Oh god, Jas. Shit,..you're so big!" he moaned filtyly as Jason thrust in with more force. "Ughh, fuck my ass. Wanna feel you for the next days!" Jason gave him a light smack on his rear: "You will bitch boy, you will." he said pounding deeper into the boy's tight ass. Percy was already shaking, his breathing was heavy and Jason could tell he wouldn't last long. "You like that, you dirty whore? Like how I fuck you in your little butt hole making you scream?" he leaned over to nibble at his lover's ear. "Tell me baby, who owns your pussy?" Percy shuddered and panted desperately: "You, you ughhh own my pussy, Jas. S-shit, only you. My cunt is all yours." Jason moaned at the words that left his mouth: "Fuck, Percy. That's right. You're my little bottom bitch. I get to fuck you whenever I want no matter where and you'll let me. Let me use your asshole however I want. Isn't that right, cause your just a dirty whore desperate to be fucked with my big cock." He shifted a little to change the angle of his thrusts so he would hit the raven haired boy's prostate dead on. "Oh god, Jas! Do that again please!" Percy screamed at the top of his lungs when Jason found his sweet spot. Jason was more than happy to comply enjoying his lover's screams. Who would have known that the quiet boy from next door was so loud and vocal in bed? Either way it was a huge turn on for the taller boy. Both boys were sweating and Percy was a shaking and moaning mess underneath the strong boy that kept on assaulting his prostate. "Jason, I'm gonna… No! I can't hold it any longer… Shit!" Percy screamed as he came hard spilling his seed all over the mattress. Jason wasn't even close yet and snapped his hips faster: "Can't believe you already came… not even able to control it." he hissed out through clenched teeth making Percy feel low and ashamed. He reached underneath his lover and ran his fingers through Percy's mess. Bringing it up to the boy's face he said: "Your mess, you clean it up. Come on, open wide!" The smaller boy made a face but obeyed taking the fingers in, licking the cum off. "Ughh I'm close baby!" Jason exclaimed as he felt his climax approach and fucked harder into the boy underneath him. It took him only one look at his crush who was eating his own cum to sent him over the edge filling Percy's ass up. Panting, he rode out his orgasm and tried to catch his breath. Carefully pulling out of Percy he laid himself next to the exhausted boy. They stayed like that for a little while before Jason turned to look at Percy. Said boy couldn't bring himself to meet Jason's eyes, his usual shy self being present again Jason noticed. He inched closer to Percy and brought him into a hug. His emotions overtook him and tears fell from his eyes. "Hey, what did I do? What's wrong, love?" Jason asked slightly irritated and worried at the same time. "I- I don't know. I'm just so confused right now… I feel so cheap and ashamed I normally don't do this kind of thing… but I just had the best sex of my life with the best guy I've ever laid my eyes on." Percy tried to explain, his cheeks flushing red and Jason chuckled "Aww,… that doesn't explain the tears though." he said gently wiping them away with his thumb. Percy had to laugh now, feeling even more ridiculous caused by himself not being able to control his own feelings: "I don't know. I'm just happy I guess… god I'm so stupid." he went on covering his face with his hands. "No, you're not." Jason simply replied removing the hands that blocked him from seeing his lover. Percy rested his head on Jason's chest and snuggled deeper into the taller boy's side who laid his arm securely around his slim hips. Minutes passed before he spoke again, surprising Jason who thought Percy had already fallen asleep: "Please don't tell anyone, yeah?" he asked lowly, his voice hoarse from all the screaming earlier. "I won't." Jason assured soothingly starting to rub small circles with his thumb over Percy's hip. Said boy raised his head to look at him: "It's not that I'm ashamed of who I am or you it's just… my parents can't know about this. I will tell them one day, I want to but not yet." Jason sighed and reached out to pull the covers over their bodies signalizing he was going to stay: "It's okay, really. I like you either way." he mumbled tiredly making Percy's heart swell with happiness. "I like you, too. I know it's sounds strange and I hope I don't creep you out by telling you this but umm… I watched you for so long now and-" "I know." Jason remarked chuckling. "I always wanted to talk to you but I never had the guts to do so I guess… I just want to get to know you and be close to you… like, really bad. I want to know what you eat for breakfast, what you enjoy doing in your free time, if you like comic books, what upsets you and how you look in the morning when you just got out of bed and… Maybe you'll be my boyfriend… I could meet your friends and we could do stuff together…" he trailed off after disclosing his hopes and dreams to his long time crush. Jason let out a loud yawn. Smiling he pulled Percy's body closer to his: "I'd love that." he said stroking his lover's cheek and placed a soft kiss on his pink lips