shows, she's a total Netflix addict, too." "Never figured she'd be into TV shows." He spoke, "She's always seemed more into other stuff when I've hung out with her and Jason and Leo." Annabeth grinned evilly, "Trust me, I didn't believe it either, but then here it all is." She then looked back at all the movies, "So, any standouts?" "Well, not so – Oh my god you have so many Disney movies!" Percy exclaimed, browsing through the titles. Annabeth tried to hold in an undignified snort at how childish he'd sounded. "Don't sound too giddy, Percy, I might think you're a fanatic." She chided playfully. "You have stickers on all of them with your name on them Annabeth, you're just as much as a fanatic as I am, it would seem." Annabeth cursed herself silently, "If I didn't, Piper would have tried to steal them." She could see him grinning, "None of the other movies have your name on them, only the Disney ones." Her cheeks went pink, "So maybe I appreciate their movies, okay? Most of them were a part of my childhood. "So that is decided then" he said, pulling one of the movies off the shelf. She recognized the case right away, of course. The Lion King. "Nothing but the best for us, Ms. Chase" he jested, handing it to her to put in Piper's PlayStation. Percy flopped down on the couch, taking the moment to admire Annabeth. She was wearing a simple white tanktop with a plaid button up shirt over top and undone casually. This along with a flattering pair of jeans that didn't look like she'd need to spend eight minutes just to squeeze into, like most girls would wear. Her blonde hair was loose and seemed to fly all over the place, but it looked natural and it worked for her. A lot. She grabbed one of the controllers and dropped on the couch right beside Percy, selecting the DVD in the PS4's menu. "God, "she muttered, "It's like 11:30, we're never making it through this whole movie." Percy made a disbelieving sound, "We have to at least make it half way, I am not missing any more of this movie than I have to." She moved a little closer, leaning her head against his shoulder as the movie started, "I doubt we'll be paying full attention to it anyways." He set his chin on top of her head carefully, wrapping an arm around her waist. "Point taken" She smirked. As predicted, neither of the two really paid much attention to the movie they'd put in. Their newfound relationship was much more interesting a focus. What they were had not yet been defined, but they decided to leave that to the morning, or whenever else it would come to the point where they needed to define themselves as a pair. Piper returned to her dorm room the next morning, opening the door and calling out a greeting to her roommate, Annabeth. She wasn't sure what had become of Annabeth the day before, she just suddenly agreed to go get food with Percy and left. Not to be seen again. Piper had a sneaking suspicion that the two had taken a liking to one another, she knew both of their personalities, how they would clash and mesh together. She was majoring in Psychology with a focus on Behaviors, after all. It was her thing. When she noticed two pairs of legs sticking off the couch towards the TV, she started to smile a little. When she got closer and saw Percy lying back against the couch, Annabeth huddled against him with a blanket carefully placed over her, she grinned. She said nothing, however, just tiptoed to her room and put her stuff away, changing clothes and taking a quick shower, because she hadn't planned on staying over and Leo and Jason's apartment (turns out Percy was lying about Jason saying anything, the sneak.) Stopping in the door frame of her room when she heard sounds from the living area of the dorm, Piper peaked out and watched as Percy walked over to the doorway of the dorm, tugging Annabeth along gently with intertwined fingers. He mumbled something to her and leaned down, giving her a sweet little peck before leaving to head back to his own dorm. Annabeth closed the door and turned from it, revealing to Piper a blissful smile that Annabeth was failing to hold back and pink cheeks. Piper waited for a few moments, until Annabeth seemed to have shaken from her daze, and stepped out of her room innocently, heading over to the kitchenette as if she hadn't noticed Annabeth there. She stopped, turned, and took in Annabeth's face again, which had just noticed Piper and went a little brighter shade of pink. Piper raised an eyebrow at her roommate, "Sleep well, Annie?" she teased. Annabeth blushed harder, but deigned to answer, "I did." "I know, I strolled into our dorm to find you snuggled up in the arms of your new friend." She grinned, and grabbed two coffee mugs from a cabinet, preparing to make coffee for herself and her roommate, "I hope he's perfect, cause you refuse to talk to almost every other guy, let alone fall asleep with them and kiss them goodbye in the morning." Annabeth smiled distractedly, indicating I'd just reminded her of her night. "I think I might have to make an exception for him…" She didn't say it, but something about Percy just put her at ease and made her feel warm and comfortable, it hadn't subsided the entire time they'd been together, only gotten more prominent. It was still lingering now, making her wish he was with her still. Annabeth wouldn't admit it, but she may have fallen in love with him in one day, on a date neither of them had planned on having that morning. Percy wouldn't have admitted it either, but he may have done the same thing.