like broken dreams and a tasteless Christmas. " Fuck . The cookies." By the time they reached the kitchen, it was too late to save the cookies from becoming too solid to bite. Apollo was quick to approach her as Percy carefully, yet swiftly, pulled them from the oven. "That's it," Percy lamented, looking down at them. "I just wanted a fucking cookie, is that so hard to ask for?" " Wow ," Apollo whistled as saw them from up close. The proximity made them look and smell even worse. "I haven't seen a disaster like this since Hera forced Zeus to bake pastries." He tried to eat one, then grimaced when his teeth protested against it. Slowly, he put it down. "I cannot make anything right," Percy breathed angrily. "Now, come on, they're not so bad." She gave him an exasperated look, and he relented. "Okay, they're actually pretty horrible." The young demigoddess stared at the floor, a small pout on her lips. She looked downright miserable with her hair pulled up in a messy bun, and her blue pajamas under a Christmas-themed apron that wasn't useful when they had their little fight with the flour. "I better just-" Percy sighed, heart crushed. "I'm just going to clean the house before mom gets home." After another sigh, she decided to throw all those rocks she baked into the trash. But she blinked and the whole kitchen was clean, along with her own clothes. For a moment, she stayed frozen on her spot, wondering if she was losing her mind. "I don't want a lot for Christmas, there is just one thing I need -" Apollo hummed quietly, behind her. "To have my perfect teeth, biting down on a good cookie." She turned, only to find him devoid of all flour and looking as perfectly clean as always, but what really startled her was the cookie he was guiding to his mouth; it looked perfect. "Apollo?" She tilted her head at him, confused and unable to speak more. One of her hands pointed at the now clean kitchen, and the other one at the cookie he ate. "We both made this mess, we both get to clean it." Apollo explained. "Also, I took the liberty of buying cookies from your favorite pastry shop. Look, they're decorated with Christmas stuff!" He grimaced a little, not really excited with their decorations. "Um, this one looks like an evil snowman, and here's a Santa Clause that looks startlingly alike Hephaestus." Percy looked down at the box of cookies he was showing her, and had to agree with his statement about Santa Clause and Hephaestus. She felt warm at the thought of Apollo fulfilling her wish of having proper Christmas cookies. She grinned at him. "Gods, I adore you." Apollo was not sure if she meant the cookies or him. He hoped she meant him. "I'm glad you're satisfied with my talented skill of snapping fingers and getting what I want." Percy stuffed her mouth with cookies, moaning at their taste and truly enjoying them. Apollo watched her fondly, then allowed himself to guide another one to his own mouth. "These are really good," Apollo observed, raising his eyebrows. " Finally . It's a nightmare to have your stepmother make awful ones, then to have your best friend burn hers and destroy your illusions of eating a good, mortal cookie." "You're an ass," Percy swallowed, then stole the cookie he'd been eating as a punishment for his words. "You're lucky I'm too busy getting an orgasm out of these delicious cookies, or else I would've kicked your ass." Apollo smiled at her, amusement dancing on his eyes. "Lucky indeed." There was nothing else he could ask for; he was with the person he cared the most in the world, they were eating heavenly made cookies and listening to old Christmas hits. Nothing else in the world mattered in that moment. Maybe he disliked Christmas and all the pain that came with that celebration, but he loved Persephone Jackson to the depths of his immortal soul, and every single moment with her was worth cherishing. "I wish things could be like this everyday." Her voice was quiet, wishful. It broke his heart. "So do I, sweetheart." Apollo could still not believe how happy he was to know that she had feelings for him, too. But how saddened he was to know that it was not going to be easy. Santa Clause is coming to town sounded from the radio again, and they shared a secretive smile. Percy took his hand on hers, almost shyly, and pulled him to another dance. His face brightened with a smile, and he obliged, thinking that, hard as it was going to be, Percy was worth it. "Do you want to know why I told you I didn't want you to tempt me?" Apollo tilted his head at her, knowing that it had bothered her. She pursed her lips. "Yes." He smiled. "You're already my inspiration, my happiness and my light. I fear that if you tempt me, I might not be able to deny anything to you, and so the world would burn and destroy itself." Percy smiled and moved in for a kiss, surprising him by her boldness. "I would never let you destroy the world for me." She tasted like chocolate and looked like art. For Apollo, there was not another soul more beautiful than her in that moment. And he was happy to have fallen in love with someone like her after centuries of not falling for anyone. "Good." They danced again, and again, and again, the cookies long forgotten and now unimportant; the songs blasting through the radio unheard by them, both dancing to the rhythmic sound of their own beating hearts. "Merry Christmas, Apollo," Percy whispered once the song was over. She was more than worth it. Apollo smiled, a real smile that made him shine like the sun. "Merry Christmas Eve , Percy."