the one who was attempting to converse now. She pointed her finger to the paper bag Percy placed on the floor. "If you despised coffee so much," she grinned, "why are you in a coffee shop?" Grimacing, Annabeth had the nerve to laugh at the face Percy was making. "We just met and you're already annoying," he said. She shook her head. "'Just' is not the appropriate word. I'd say: we met twenty-one minutes ago, and you're already annoying." "Yeah sure." Percy felt the lid was beginning to become loose. He pulled it up, Annabeth smirked. The bitter aroma of black coffee greeted Percy's nose. He pushed his seat back, making the table move slightly, and nearly spilling Annabeth's drink and his friends' drinks. Annabeth laughed while Percy groaned. "Percy, you seem to be afraid of caffeine," Annabeth said when her laughter died down. She grabbed her drink from the table and took a sip of the bitter coffee. She smiled. "Perfect." "How can you even drink that without scrunching your nose in disgust?" Percy asked in disbelief. Out of all the coffee Percy knew, he hated black coffee the most. "It's disgusting !" Emphasis. "Stop whining." Annabeth pouted, "and don't offend my taste in coffee." "Oh man," mumbled Percy. "I think I'm going to be sick." "What a boob." Percy frowned. "I thought you were a good girl." "You only thought, but you never knew." She scrunched her nose at the thought, then sipped her coffee again, and the look of disgust washed away from her face. The grimace on Annabeth's face seemed to have transferred to Percy. Annabeth sighed. "So tell me, Percy." She took a sip. "Why do you hate coffee so much?" The whole thing was like a TV show, it was stupid. "It would take too long for me to answer your question, detective," Percy said, grinning. "Then I will listen, son. That's what we detectives do." Annabeth scoffed, "That was stupid, now tell me." Percy sighed and gave in. For the next twenty minutes, he explained why he hated coffee, when he hated coffee, what are the flaws of coffee, but never once put a positive thought to coffee. When he was finished, his throat was dry and he felt like all the life from his body was gone. He just wanted to sleep. Then Annabeth said, "That was a pretty interesting explanation." "Yeah," he managed to say, eyes fluttering close. They wanted to close forever. He heard her chuckle. "You seem tired, want some?" Percy knew she was offering him coffee. He shook his head. "Don't even try." "Well, I will." Percy opened his eyes and saw Annabeth putting back her laptop in her bag. She slung the sling of her bag over her shoulder, then looked at Percy. "Meet me here Saturday, next week," she said, coffee in hand. "See you around, Percy." Percy watched her say goodbye to Piper before heading out of the café. She didn't look back. Ψ Percy took out the duplicated key to his apartment. It created a soft sound as it dangled onto fingers. Somehow, they were able to shine in low-light places. The knob clicked open. Opening the door to his apartment, the sight of his three, unhappy friends weren't what he expected to see. "You're an hour late, Jackson." Nico stated the obvious. He was sitting on one of couches Jason brought to their flat. There was a mischievous glint hiding in the corner of his eyes. Percy glanced at Leo, who was smirking, and Jason, who was stifling a laugh. "You know what that means?" Leo's smirk grew. Percy groaned. "ONE MONTH EXTENSION!" Jason was in a laughing fit after that. Leo hollered and punched Nico's arm. The black haired boy glared at him but smiled, ignoring the pain on his shoulder. His friends were jerks, but Percy was stuck them, so there wasn't much he could do. "So," Nico began. He pushed Leo away from him, who groaned and looked offended ("You're pushing the opportunity of loving a handsome man like me away, Nico!" Leo cried, which Nico simply ignored). "What took you so long?" The lie swept past his lips before his conscience could even stop it. "Got lost." Leo quirked an interested eyebrow, a smirk toying his lips. "Is that so?" The silence that hung over the air made Percy shift uncomfortably, and his mind flashed back to the café, where nobody too had uttered a word. That was until Percy decided to converse with a girl named Annabeth. "Yes?" "Oh really?" Leo grinned, placing a finger underneath his chin, he said, "I can see this invisible glow on you." Annoyed, Percy shot the brown-haired boy an aggravated look. Leo raised both of his hands in defense. "Jeez, okay." Rolling his eyes, Leo placed his head on Nico's lap, making Nico cringe. "But seriously," This time, it was Jason's voice that was filling up the room with sound. "Are you okay?" Of course I'm fine, just get your coffee and let me hide myself from the world in my room. "Obviously." Percy handed the blonde the coffee. "Enjoy." He curtly said before heading off to his room, where he could finally escape from those gits, whom he considered as his best mates. Jason was nice enough to spare him a word of gratitude, though he knew Percy wouldn't hear it (but Jason doesn't know he does). Percy simply didn't acknowledge it. Shutting the door of his room behind him, Percy removed his jacket from his body, throwing it in one of the piles of clothes that were littered in his room. Immediately, he found himself staring at the dull ceiling. It was white and too plain for his liking. It should've been blue , Percy thought, a lump forming in his throat as the thought of his room, where everything was blue, consumed half of his thoughts. Then he remembered his mother, Sally Jackson, and everything went downhill from there.