prince." "Did I?" Luke frowned. "Yes, of course I did. Forgive me. You are a wonderful asset to this kingdom…aren't you?" Nico nodded vehemently. "Definitely. Ah, and the knights are deserving of respect, are they not?" Luke nodded, but looked confused. "Percy and Annabeth are an admirable example of true love. No one should ever dream of interfering in their relationship." Luke's forehead wrinkled. "Yes, of course. Who in their right mind would think otherwise?" "No one should try to break them up," Nico continued. It was funny, but two days ago, those words would have tasted like sawdust. Now they only left a hint of longing in his throat. "No, never!" Luke agreed. "And Jason, ah, Jason is an excellent knight. You are lucky to have him as a friend." "Yes, of course," Luke repeated. He stared at Nico bemusedly. "I'm sorry, but I'm feeling quite tired. Thank you for visiting, but I think I'll sleep a bit longer." "Excuse me then, my prince." Nico gave a respectful half bow and swallowed a triumphant smile. A soft knock came on his chamber door. "Nico?" Nico shot to his feet as Jason entered the room. He'd regretted inviting Jason back all day. Having Jason over meant having to look at Jason's face, and looking at Jason's face meant that Jason would figure out things. Things like, why is Nico looking at me so intensely? Why is Nico avoiding my eye contact? Why is Nico treating me like he used to treat Percy? Nico shoved the tincture into Jason's hand. "That should do it," he said brusquely. Jason blinked his blue eyes. "Uh. Okay. Thank you. I kind of thought…well, some of these are a little hard to reach." He had the grace to look embarrassed. "Fine," Nico said after an awkward moment of silence. "Did the water from the Lethe work?" Jason cleared his throat and asked as Nico carefully unwrapped Jason's bandages. "Like a charm," Nico grinned. "Only hopefully not like a charm. I hope the effects are permanent. I'm pretty sure he's going to be invested in my work, Percy and Annabeth's relationship, and your well-being. He thinks you're friends." "As long as that doesn't include hanging out with him," Jason grimaced. Nico's fingers rubbed the medicine into Jason's skin, and tried to ignore the muscles underneath. He hoped Jason couldn't feel how unsteady his touch was. He finished reapplying the bandages. "Should be healed in a day, but here." He handed the tincture jar over. Jason took it. "Thanks." "Goodnight." Jason blinked at him. Nico busied himself at his workstation. Jason left. Nico slumped forward, putting his forehead in one hand. He drew in a shaky breath. Another friendship ruined, because he couldn't keep his inappropriate feelings from growing into something wild and untamable. Suddenly, his door burst back open. "Nico, this is still bothering me," Jason said, striding into his chamber. To Nico's dismay, his traitorous cat climbed out from under his bed and rubbed up against Jason's ankles. Jason smiled at it and scratched its bony head as Nico watched, bemused. They had always gotten along, even though a skeleton cat should frighten most sane people and Ella was usually terrified of everyone in return. Nico backed up until the table was between them. No luck; Jason walked around it. "Did you really understand what I was trying to say in the forest?" He leveled a probing stare at him. Nico frowned. "You don't have to clarify anything-" "I love you," Jason said forcefully. He met Nico's wide-eyed stare with a determined one. "What?" Nico said tonelessly. Jason must have seen something in his face, because he smiled, and his frame relaxed. "I have been by your side for years, and it's been torture, watching you pine for someone who isn't me. But you just told me, you never saw a future between you and Percy anyway. So I hope you don't mind that I finally get this off my chest." "But you're perfect," Nico blurted, bewildered. He gestured to Jason's entire body. "You're – how can you possibly…we've just been friends?" "How many nights have I stayed up with you? How many times have I brought you food when you forget to eat?" Jason said, still smiling. "All the time," Nico swayed, and Jason caught his arms, steadying him. "But how can you possibly…" "Because you're willing to do what you just did for a friend. You dress my wounds! I feel like I can say anything to you. Like I can be myself around you. And you are powerful beyond belief. And other things, which I won't say because I'd rather stay alive." He laughed. "Things like what?" Nico felt dazed. "That expression." Jason swooped forward and caught his lips in a kiss. Suddenly, what Jason was saying crashed into clarity. After a moment of shock Nico grabbed Jason's head, deepening the kiss with his tongue. Jason laughed into his mouth, then took Nico's lower lip between his teeth. They broke apart for air far too soon for Nico's taste. He wanted to demand why Jason didn't tell him sooner, but that would have led to Jason demanding why Nico hadn't told him sooner. Besides, he knew the answer. He thought Nico only had eyes for Percy. Nico had been so stupid. He deserved all the pain he'd felt pining away, because he'd apparently inflicted the same on Jason. Jason ran a hand through Nico's hair, bringing him back to the present. "We've both been idiots, I guess?" Jason said lightly. "Only me," Nico breathed. He met Jason's eyes, and for once let his guards down, letting his true emotions shine out in all their painful glory. He was rewarded by a softening of Jason's expression. It was a look he never thought he'd deserve, and only ever dreamed of seeing trained at him. "I suppose I'll let you have that," Jason laughed, then pulled him into a hug that Nico returned wholeheartedly.