since Gaea, Percy." Percy's eyes were full of pain. That was enough to make his eyes prickle. "And I didn't, because I didn't want to hurt you. I knew you would blame yourself. So I was able to find a new way to forget. If I kept going to new places, I kind of forgot what it was like not to run. Just like I forgot what it was like before I knew you." "Then I found you," Percy prompted. Nico looked out across the water. It was darkening with the falling night, but a bright moon was rising, and the stars were twinkling in the twilight. "If this doesn't work out," Nico said softly. "I am not going to blame you, Percy." "You really don't trust me, do you?" There was realization in Percy's voice, and notes of something really unpleasant. "What?" Nico looked to him, shocked. "I get it. I'm dangerous. If you don't actually want this-" "Were you even listening to me?" Nico cried incredulously. Percy wasn't even looking at him anymore. His hands balled into fists. "I meant it, Nico. I searched the entire world for you, because it didn't seem right without you here. I didn't know why I felt like that until you said what you did to me, and then it just clicked. But I get it if you don't want to try this with me." Nico stared at him in amazement, until his wits returned. He crossed the short distance until he was standing close enough to touch their shoulders together. He couldn't find the right words. The tears welling up finally dripped down his cheek. Had he broken it already somehow? "Nico?" Percy was looking at him again, and squinted. His eyes widened; Nico guessed he caught sight of the tears. "It's not you I don't believe in," Nico finally spat. "You're too good, Percy. You've always been too good. I live in the underworld. I'm an outcast. I smell like corpses-" "You don't smell like corpses," Percy corrected, then amended, "Not all the time. Only when you've just gotten back. Most of the time you smell like earth, like after it rains." Nico worked his jaw. "Okay. But-" "You're selfless," Percy broke in. "You care about other people, even when you think they don't care about you. You stayed out of the way when I was seeing Annabeth, because you wanted me to be happy. That's really admirable, Nico. You say I'm good but you're better, and you always have been." Nico shook his head at him. A tentative smile appeared on Percy's face. "There's a lot of things I've always thought about you that just weren't adding up." Percy took his hand. Nico gripped his fingers like they were a lifeline. "I think this might be real, Nico. Please, please give us a chance. Stay at camp. Chiron will make a spot for you." Just like that, a weight he had been carrying for almost as long as he could remember flew away, out over the ocean in front of them and past the horizon. "Okay." "Okay?" Relief washed over Percy's face. Nico grinned. It was slow at first, then it felt like his cheeks would split. "…okay." Percy brightened, then grabbed Nico and spun him. "Whoa!" Nico cried. They fell over into the sand, both laughing. Percy reached over and ruffled his hair. Nico felt sand cascade over his ears, some falling into his shirt collar. He didn't care. He made a half-hearted effort to smooth his hair back down, then changed his mind and leaned forward, catching Percy's lips with his own. Percy deepened it, then rolled him so that he was straddling Nico's hips. His tongue pressed into his mouth and Nico felt himself harden. He wasn't the only one. Percy against him, wanting him, was almost more than he could take. So this was what it felt like. He bucked up, involuntarily, but it was too much, too fast. Percy had already caught a rhythm though, and Nico gave up his control. Not too fast, he realized. Not too fast when he'd dreamed and imagined and hoped for almost half his life… The contact, muffled as it was by their clothes, was the only contact of that sort Nico had ever had. His release crashed over him in waves, blinding him until he felt Percy follow, shuddering on top of him even as his hips jerked a last few times. They lay breathing heavily, staring, almost bewildered, at one another. "Was it too much?" Percy asked anxiously. "Not enough," Nico gasped. Percy visibly relaxed. The sounds of the party were growing louder in the distance. Music had picked up. "We better get back," Percy said reluctantly. Nico nodded into his shoulder, overwhelmed. Nico took them by way of shadows first to his room, then to Percy's, to change into fresh clothes. When they showed up at the party in their day clothes, Annabeth was the only one to raise an eyebrow at them. Jason and Piper came swinging by as they whirled around the campfire, picking up people as they went. The crowd was growing, and the music was rowdy. It wasn't really Nico's scene, but the joy was palpable, and for once, Nico was in the mood to bask in that. Percy got picked up next, but Nico shook his head violently when they tried to get him up. Frank and Leo swung by, arm in arm with Annabeth. He watched Percy dance around with them, then end up laughing in front of Nico. He bent down and caught Nico's lips in a kiss before Nico could tell what was happening. Grinning, Percy extended a hand. Nico took it. There was a first time for everything, and Nico was going to try something new. He was going to try to be happy. He let Percy drag him to his feet. He stumbled a few times, but what did that matter? He was with friends.