a throaty chuckle. "Poseidon, I need you inside me. Right now," she demanded against his lips, smirking as he continued to moan at her hold on his manhood. Gently she began to stroke it. "I want you inside me Poseidon. I want to feel you there." she continued to tease him as she caressed his check. Poseidon, who could not take any more of her teasing words, kissed Athena to quiet her and entered her. They moaned together with every inch he pushed into her. At first he was slow and careful, letting her adjust to him and allowing them to find a steady rhythm. He then picked up the pace and pumped faster. "Oh good Gods!" Athena moaned before gasping as she felt that familiar warm sensation pooling in her stomach. The anticipation was killing her, but it only fuelled her pleasure. She wrapped her legs around Poseidon's waist to pull him in deeper and dug her nails into his back, leaving deep marks. Her enthusiasm seemed to urge Poseidon on even further and he sped up. When he felt her nails embedding themselves in his back, he grunted with the pain, but he only felt more pleasure. It didn't take long before they were both on the edge. With a few more thrusts, Athena moaned loudly and Poseidon grunted, collapsing on top of her as he continued to thrust through his orgasm, hitting all of the sweet spots inside of her. When they were done, Poseidon collapsed on top of Athena, kissing and sucking on her neck as she came down from her high. Once he gained enough energy, he rolled off her and caught his breath. Athena snuggled herself into his side, her head resting in the space between his shoulder and neck and their hands together, fingers interlacing. She draped a leg over his lazily. "Mmm... this is comfortable." she murmured into his neck. "Glad to be of service." Poseidon chuckled into her hair. "My Athena." As she heard his possessive statement, she smiled into his neck and gripped his hand tighter. She hummed contently and cuddled closer to him. Cocking her head slightly to look up at him, she moved her leg slightly and felt his member, still very much at attention. "Well someone must have enjoyed himself." She giggled. "It's difficult not to when you have a certain beautiful wise and wonderful temptress of a goddess completely naked wanting nothing but to be with you. Under those circumstances, who wouldn't?" he laughed. Athena grinned and climbed on top of him, pushing his length back into her. "Well... I think we should put him to good use." She leant forward to suck on his ear lobe and whisper in his ear. "Sounds good to me." Poseidon moaned, as Athena started to move slowly up and down on him. He thrusted up into her centre enthusiastically as she came down on him, making her cry out in pleasure. He then sat up so he was holding her as she moved herself on him in his lap. He wrapped his arms around her and held her close, kissing her lips, then down her jawline and towards her neck and chest. She was moaning and cried out his name when his hand ghosted over her bosom. It was as if they were the only two lovers in creation. After a few minutes he put both her hands on his chest and pushed him so he lay with his back pressed fully on the bed again. She had decided that this time it was going to be all about him. He watched as she used the leverage of his impact of the bed to bring herself down harder on him. As she came down he whimpered and called out her name, causing her to smirk in satisfaction. She moved one hand to his chest to pin him down and keep him there so he couldn't try and interfere with her pleasuring him. Poseidon was surprised to watch as she used one hand on his chest to keep him pinned to the bed, but was clever enough not to argue or fight it. His hips bucked at the sight of her, hitting her G-spot every time their thrusts met. Within minutes both gods came together, crying out their lovers' name in ecstasy and absolute bliss. When Athena was done, she remained sitting on him. As she caught her breath, she put both of her hands on his chest and lowered herself so her lips were an inch from his. She gave him a small, sweet peck. His eyes then opened as he himself recovered from his orgasm and he smiled at her. "Oh Athena... you are a paragon to perfection... and so unbelievably beautiful." Poseidon said after he gained enough energy even with Athena still clenching around his manhood. "Poseidon… you're too good to me." she sighed against his lips, unable to find the energy to pull him out of her and get off of him. Poseidon seemed to understand her exhaustion. He rolled them over so she was lying next to her and pulled out of her. He then reached down and stretched the blanket they'd managed to push to the end of the bed in their passion, over then both. She tucked herself into his arms, not wanting to be apart from him. "Athena... I love you." he whispered into her hair. He was completely spent and exhausted from their passion all night. "I love you too Poseidon." she whispered back, kissing him before he closed his eyes and fell asleep. She followed him, unable to fight her heavy eyelids any longer. The two of them slept together peacefully and undisturbed all night. Athena snuggled into Poseidon's warm chest and sighed contently as she felt it move slowly up and down with each breath he drew. His arms wrapped around her instinctively and made her feel safer than she ever had as long as he was with her.