realized that I was the Blackout Patient. I turned redder and stared at the ground. "And, I would like all three to come up here, please!" A girl and a boy struggled forward, embarrassed. After a moment or two, I followed. Chiron, the centaur, asked us our names. "Natalie Martinez," mumbled the girl. "Asher Rubeus," growled the boy. "Jack Williams." I was quick to sit down again. Angelina nudged me. "I'm Angelina Sprucers, and that's my twin sister, Gayle. We're Hermes campers. Nice to meet you. We just got here six months ago." I had my birthday seven months ago. I responded. "Jack. Nice to meet you, Angelina." I was silent after that. Soon into Chiron's speech, thunder rumbled, lightning cracked, and a heavy rain began to fall. Several campers groaned. "Zeus has something to say," Chiron announced. Lightning struck down, right in front of me! People stared at me. I decided to say something. "The Cyclops called me 'a child of the sky lord,' I think," I said, embarrassed. Chiron nodded at me, just as a trident appeared above Natalie's head, and a helm above Asher's. Chiron nodded again grimly. "Hail, Natalie Wyvern Martinez, daughter of Poseidon, God of the Sea, lord of horses. Hail, Asher Drakon Rubeus, son of Hades, God of the Underworld. And hail, Jack Phoenix Williams, son of Zeus, God of the Sky, king of the gods." Cabin 1 is uncomfortably cold and empty. Tomorrow, Chiron had promised, Jason Grace would return and I wouldn't be alone, but until then, yep, I have to sleep alone. I decided on one of the only beds that was out of his line of sight. By his, I mean the giant statue of Zeus in Cabin 1. I snuggled into my blankets and tried to go to sleep by thinking about all of my new friends. After the bonfire, Natalie, Asher and I kind of formed our own little trio. I learned some things about them. Natalie was a street urchin before she one day found Percy Jackson fighting a hellhound. She helped him and she took her to Camp Half-Blood, because he figured she was a demigod. Asher lived in an old hut on the beach with his grandma. Once, a Drakon destroyed his house and Leo Valdez, Piper McLean, and Nico de Angelo found him, moved his grandma to somewhere safe, and took him to Camp Half-Blood. I learned Percy Jackson, his girlfriend Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Leo Valdez, Nico de Angelo, Hazel Levesque, Frank Zhang, and Jason Grace were local Camp Half-Blood heroes. That night, Asher and I met Percy Jackson, and Natalie was off talking to his girlfriend. I had followed Percy to his cabin, the Poseidon Cabin. He had given me one of his hellhound's puppies, a boy named Shadow. It was then that he told me Chiron wanted to see me in the morning at the Big House, and Natalie and Asher were coming too… right then, I drifted off into sleep. I awoke to rumbling thunder. It was always thundering in the Zeus Cabin. I slid into my brown leather jacket and my shoes and ran out of the Zeus Cabin, stopping by the Hades Cabin and the Poseidon Cabin. I looked over a map Percy had given to me last night. Behind me, Shadow the hellhound barked and galloped ahead. "Shadow! No!" I yelled and sprinted after him. Shadow took many twists and turns along the path, but I eventually arrived at a sign that said: Big House. "Good boy," I said to Shadow as Natalie and Asher sprinted up behind me. I walked up to the big house and saw somebody by the door. "Oh, hey, there! You have an appointment?" he called to us. I nodded. "Okay, then! You can go on. I'm Lucas Donald, but everybody calls me Luke, so feel free to!" I nodded and smiled and shouldered open the door to the Big House. Chiron was waiting for us. "I trust that Percy delivered the message?" he asked. I nodded. "Good, well, Jack, Natalie, Asher—I have a quest for you. There are four Legendary Phoenixes: the Silver Phoenix, the Blue Phoenix, the Green Phoenix, and the Black Phoenix. They went and still go by the names of Mooncatcher, Skydancer, Leafsong, and Nightstar. The most powerful and dangerous of phoenixes was the Great Black Phoenix Nightstar. Each currently resides somewhere in our world, but Nightstar has been captured by… by… Nyx, the mother of chaos itself. If Nyx finally unlocks the power of Nightstar, the war between our worlds is lost to us. We lose. Done. However, if we obtain Nightstar, we get an edge. Nyx has already captured Leafsong, the Great Green Phoenix. She has people looking for Skydancer, and they believe they know the whereabouts of Mooncatcher, who is already safe here at Camp Half-Blood. But you must rescue Nightstar and hopefully Leafsong, but Nightstar is your top priority. It is up to you five children to do something nobody has ever done before. "You must earn the trust of the Great Black Phoenix." OOOH! What will happen? Sorry for that cliffy guys. I know this chapter didn't go to well, but chapters in the future will be REALLY GOOD, I promise! I'll post the OC form next chapter, because I'm tired, but do not worry, it will come soon! Please review and suggest ideas about what should happen on their quest! SAVE THE PHOENIXES! We haven't even met them yet and I'm already emotionally attached… oh, the full names of the Great Phoenixes are Mooncatcher, the Phoenix of Life, Lady of the Sun and Moon, One of Healing, and Leafsong, the Phoenix of Nature, Lady of the Forest, One of Earth. And Skydancer, Phoenix of Water, Lady of the Seas, One of Aqua. And my favorite, Nightstar, Phoenix of Night, Lady of the Sky, One of the World. Thank you all so much for reading my story! I hope you enjoyed it! ~Gemstone