them. You know… just in case the surgery doesn't work. If it does, you'll probably never see this letter anyways so… yeah. Will inhales deep through his nose and enters the room. No matter what happens – whether I make it or not – promise me one thing. "Hey, Nico," he manages before the knot in his throat becomes too much to handle. Nico is lying motionless. He could be napping, or perhaps dead, but the soft beeping of the heart-monitor and the slow drip of the IV bag indicate otherwise. It's been a year; a full three-hundred and sixty-five days since Nico went into surgery for a bone marrow transplant. His condition had been less than desirable when he'd gone in, everyone knew it, but it was their last shot to save his life. Will had been in his final year of med school when he discovered he was a close enough match. He volunteered to donate immediately despite Nico's loud protests and concerns. What else would Will have done? He was in love. He would do it again if he had to. Will's end of the operation had been relatively quick and painless. Nico, however, crashed on the table. Will remembers the wait. He remembers seeing them wheel Nico down the hall, reaching for his pale fingers before being steered in the opposite direction. It's been a year since Nico slipped into a coma. So much has happened while he's stayed in this room he always hated. Hazel got married, Jason started dating Piper, Percy Jackson had a son with his wife, Will graduated med school and started working in the very hospital that housed his comatose boyfriend. It's hard. Unbearably hard. And frustrating. He was right there. His heart was beating and his lungs were breathing, but Will couldn't talk to him, couldn't see the glassy glint in his grey eyes, couldn't do anything beyond watching him sleep. He doesn't know how he's lasted a year. Please don't stop smiling. But he hasn't given up. Not on Nico. Believe me when I say – the world is so much brighter when you smile. He reaches over and grazes Nico's cold hand with his warm one. The letter seems heavy in his hand now. He wonders if it's really the right time to read it. "After all," he thinks, "there's still hope. There's always hope." Nico doesn't wake up. Nothing changes. Will is still alone. I guess that's it. That's all I really have to say. The sunlight gleams through the window and casts a glow around Nico's head. Will notices some fresh tulips in the vase on the nightstand that weren't there the previous day. Hazel must have visited. He smiles at nothing, and it's just as hollow as the shining doctor he presents himself as every day. Goodbye, Will. Will stares at the faded envelope in his hands. It's been a full year since Will lost him and he hadn't been able to open it. But now… Slowly, with shaking hands, he begins to carefully open the envelope and pulls out a neatly-folded piece of paper. He runs his thumb across the familiar squirrely handwriting and, with a last deep breath, unfolds the paper. The sudden increased beep of the heart-monitor makes Will glance up. Nothing. It's the same sight that's greeted him day after day. Crushing, sinking grief pangs in his heart and he grips the letter once again, trying to summon the courage to read it. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he sees it. A twitch. His eyes are frozen on Nico's hand, staring at the silver skull on his right ring finger like there is nothing else in the world. He counts silently in his head – one Mississippi, two Mississippi, three – until he sees his fingers twitch again. A strangled gasp leaves Will's mouth before he can stifle it. He moves closer and immediately starts looking at Nico's vitals on the screens. Tears spring to his eyes when he realizes that they're stabilizing all on their own. Quickly, he looks back down at Nico's still face and waits – hoping, daring, pleading – until Nico's lips part and he takes in a long, deep breath. Will finds himself matching Nico's breaths, heart pounding to the rhythm of his heart-monitor. Then, as if by some invisible cue, Nico's eyes twitch, flutter, and open. They're just as beautiful as Will remembers. Will can't move, can't breathe, can't do anything except clutch Nico's letter in his hand and watch in disbelief as Nico wakes up. There is a sort of numbness running up his body. The reality of the situation is paralyzing even though this is exactly what he has dreamt of for a year. When Nico meets Will's eyes, it's like witnessing the first beam of sunlight on a new day, like a curtain rising after a prolonged intermission, like falling in love all over again. There's confusion first and recognition second. Will's aware of the tears in his eyes but only because his vision is blotchy. Nico's expression turns soft. He soundlessly mouths one word. "Will." With as much grace as a dam bursting open, Will rushes to embrace his boyfriend and makes a firm promise to never let go of him again. Will sobs and hiccups, and Nico is too lethargic to move his arm, but he's there. Will can hear him. He can see his grey eyes. He's awake. So, Will just peppers kisses anywhere his lips can reach, and absentmindedly whispers his name again and again in disbelief. Nico's stiff lips push into the most beautiful smile he's ever seen. The letter slipped past his fingers in his rush. As it falls to the floor, the first line of squirrely handwriting peeks through. Hello. A/N: I COPPED OUT AND GAVE THEM A HAPPY ENDING. I COULDN'T DO IT. ;A; Anyways, Happy (belated) Birthday to my bae bruh! I hope you have the best year yet! :3