and flail about, begging for mercy as the younger child laughed and 'attacked'. Nico felt immediately ashamed of himself. He'd almost unleashed half of Hell on that little kid. "You got me, you got me!" Will chuckled, ruffling the kid's hair and grinning. "Shouldn't you be with the rest of the cabin?" "You left without permission!" he accused. Will's cheeks turned pink and he slipped a hand over his little brother's mouth before looking at Nico in horror to see if he'd heard. Nico had, but he was still reeling from his almost grave mistake. "Y-yeah, well, I'm the leader!" Will said quickly. "And I told you to stay put while I scouted!" "You didn't say anything about scout - mmph!" A moment later, Jason burst out of the brush, waving the flag around his head. "WE WON!" he was shouting. Nico never wanted to melt into the shadows so badly before in his life. ... The next day, Nico was too down on himself to leave his cabin. He stayed in bed, replaying that moment again and again. He'd almost used his powers on a kid. Sure, he had thought it was a monster, or a real enemy, or something . But the rage he'd felt then was supposed to be distinguished by now. Maybe staying at Camp Half-Blood really was a mistake. He couldn't really belong anywhere, could he? Jason and Piper stopped by to kick him out of bed and get lunch. The whole time, Nico refused to even glance at the Apollo table. He swore he could feel Will's eyes watching him. He wolfed down his food, excused himself, and left before Will even had a chance to approach him. He really didn't care what Will thought of him, he told himself. He didn't need his approval or anything. So why was Nico worrying about it? For the rest of the day, Nico stayed inside. The day after that, Percy and Annabeth dragged him to breakfast. Annabeth could sense something was up but thankfully she knew better than to push. Percy sat close to her and avoided much eye contact. Almost a week after Nico confessed, things were still delightfully awkward between them. Nico had anticipated that, but at least Percy still didn't mind being seen with him. In fact, Percy seemed to be getting more and more comfortable around him. Even so, Nico was a little relieved when Percy announced he was going for a swim and left. "You all right?" Annabeth asked as soon as her boyfriend was gone. Nico hesitated. He'd spent a long time trying to hate Annabeth, but now there they were eating breakfast together. She was probably the smartest person he knew. He knew she wouldn't sell him out either. He sighed and relented. "I almost did something really bad." Annabeth's face turned serious. "Want to talk about it?" Nico shrugged. "There's not much to say. During capture the flag the other night, Will and I were talking. I saw a shadow reach out behind Will and I... I freaked." She raised an eyebrow. "Freaked as in?" "I almost... went dark on Will's little brother." Annabeth's lips formed a perfect, "O". She nodded. "But you didn't." "If I hadn't caught myself in time..." "But you did." "I should know better..." "You do. I'm serious. You wouldn't have hurt anyone unless you had to. It was an honest mistake. Happens to us all the time. I swear, I've almost gutted Percy at least half a dozen times." Nico allowed himself a wry smile. "I'm pretty sure we've all daydreamed about that once or twice." Annabeth laughed. Her eyes sparkled with an understanding charm. "So... what were Will and you doing alone in the woods?" Nico flipped her off. ... Why was it so hard to open the door? He'd replayed the scene in his head again and again, but when it came time to put it into action, he froze. You went through Tartarus, Nico chastised himself, and you can't even go into your own camp's infirmary? He took a deep breath, raised his hand, and froze again. Fortunately, he didn't have to stand there in silent agony any longer because the door opened. Unfortunately, Will Solace was walking out carrying a bag over his shoulder. He choked upon seeing Nico and took a step back. "You scared the crap out of me!" he gasped. "Sorry," he said too quickly. Will glanced up, eyes uncertain. "What're you doing here?" Even though the tone was curious and not upset, Nico still flinched. "The bet," he muttered. "I guess I sort of... lost, so..." Will raised an eyebrow. "But Jason got the flag. You won." Nico blew a piece of his hair out of his eyes. " I didn't really win. It was all Jason. The bet was that I would get the flag. So... I guess I owe you another day in the infirmary." He risked a glance up. "If you, yanno, still want me." Will's smile was so bright it practically hurt. "Well, how can I say no to free labor?" he laughed. Nico almost smiled back. "But, first thing's first," Will said, eyeing Nico's clothing, "we need to find you something less... depressing." Nico scowled. "What's wrong with the way I dress?" "Oh, absolutely nothing!" Will said earnestly. "Just that, well, some of my patients might think you're the Grim Reaper." Nico had made a huge mistake coming here. He knew it. Maybe he'd even made a mistake staying at camp at all. But when Will smiled like that, Nico found it hard to care. A/N: So I started shipping Solangelo the moment their hands touched. I've pretty much lived in the Solangelo tag for three days. If I don't write this I'll soon lose my ability to communicate like a normal human being. Literally, as soon as I read Nico's description of Will it felt like Rick Riordan had just slapped me across the face with a new OTP.