Nico promised to never use his powers again. He swore it all away. When Will came to him with a silver key and asked him to move to Seattle with him just a few weeks later, it only strengthened Nico's resolve. He would never hurt Will again. Not like that. A wrecked sob escaped him before he could help it. It all came rushing at him once. His guilt, his helplessness, his fears. What if Will wasn't coming home? What if he was sick or hurt somewhere? Or worse? What if he'd never see Will again and he'd never got to tell him the thing back? He loved Will. He did. More than anything. He sank onto the couch and started praying to both his father and to Will's. Please, please, please let him come home. He curled into a ball on the couch until he felt a soft pressure on his back. For a split second, he thought Will had come home and his spirits soared, but Will wasn't there. Instead, Merlo was nuzzling into him, purring again. Nico let out a long exhale before scooping up the cat and cuddling it with all he had. He wasn't sure when he'd fallen asleep but he was suddenly awakened by the sound of the door opening. His eyes snapped open. It was light out and the storm had passed. He looked out the window, where the streaky remains of his doodled heart still sat, and could see footprints leading up to the door. Heart leaping into his throat, he twisted to look at the other room, where the door was. His chest squeezed together tightly when he saw a familiar figure shaking snow off of his pants. "Will…" Nico managed to choke out, throat tight with emotion. The man at the door jumped and looked up, revealing the pair of blue eyes Nico had been longing for. It was Will. Will was home. He was safe and he was home. A smile spread across his face, affection and warmth clear in his eyes. "Hi, sweetheart." Instinct overtook him, and before he realized it he was slipping into his shadow and reappeared at Will's side as quickly as he'd gone. He hugged Will tightly, causing the blonde to jump and let out a disbelieving laugh. "Nico, you—! You just shadow-travelled!" Nico froze. He had. He'd just shadow-travelled for the first time in years. He was ready for the flood of angry shouts and disappointed sighs, but Will just wrapped his arms around him and pulled him closer. "I'm glad," he whispered, and Nico's resolve broke. "I love you!" he blurted out, hiding his face in Will's neck. "I love you, I love you, I love you!" He could feel Will's body tense up. For a moment there was nothing and then Will was kissing him with so much fervor that Nico couldn't remember what he'd been so afraid of. "I love you, too, Nico di Angelo," came Will's breathy reply when they finally broke apart, and Nico never felt so warm. A disgruntled meow came from their feet and they looked down. Merlo was sitting there, tail swishing, looking at Nico expectantly. Smiling, he bent down to scoop the kitten up. "What's that?" Will blinked. "This is Merlo. Last night I found her outside in the blizzard so I brought her in." There was a challenge in Nico's tone, daring Will to mock him or say they couldn't keep it. He'd named the thing and he'd gotten attached to it. Will stared at him like he'd suddenly morphed into an alien. Then, Will blinked his way back into a smile and kissed his cheek. "Well, aren't you sweet?" He held out his arms. "Can I see the baby?" Nico flushed but handed Merlo off, feeling strangely protective. But when Will started cooing at the cat and nuzzling his nose against her cheek, Nico smiled. Will was too cute for his own good. "We'll need a litter box," Will said. "And toys. We've got to keep her fit and healthy. None of that processed food, either. We'll have to find some all-organic food." Nico rolled his eyes but grinned. "Nothing but the best." "Exactly." Will beamed back. "But first, I'm exhausted. Cat nap?" Nico snorted, but guided Will into the bedroom, refusing to drop his hand the whole way there. Will immediately plopped onto the bed with a groan, Merlo still tucked under his arm. Nico curled up next to him and wrapped an arm around Will until he could rest his chin on top of Will's head. Sure, it was a bit awkward, but he liked the feeling of Will in his arms. "Sorry for worrying you," Will whispered abruptly. Nico shook his head, pushing his lips to Will's forehead. " I'm sorry." "For what?" "For everything." Will raised an eyebrow. "You've nothing to apologize for, Nico. I mean that. I love you for you, strange quirks and all." Nico flicked him but was quick to kiss the spot. "I love you, too," he said, marveling at how easy it was to say that. Maybe he could do this. Maybe he did deserve a ray of happiness in his life. Maybe he could let Will in completely, tell him about Bianca, about Percy, and about Tartarus. He opened his mouth to do just that, but a soft snore interrupted him. Nico looked down. Will was already fast asleep, lips parted as he let out another, much louder, snore. He supposed it could wait. They had a lifetime ahead of them, after all. Between them, Merlo was curled into a ball and purring. Nico placed on hand on her hand and the other on Will's, rubbing little circles to both. He had found the thing, and he wasn't going to let go any time soon. ... All your life You were only waiting for this moment to be free. ... A/N: 'Merlo' means 'Blackbird' in Italian. See what I did there? :3