up a few books on the table and turned to hand them to Nico. As he did so, something slipped through the pages and onto the floor. Nico realized what it was before Will even had the chance to pick it up and blanched. He wanted to melt into a puddle, or apparate to Egypt and never return. Maybe Will forgot about the whole thing, maybe he wouldn't recognize what he was holding. But Will's lips parted as he turned the card in his hand. "This is…" He held up an old faded Chocolate Frog card. The most common one in the game. "I gave you this at Honeydukes." Nico was biting his lip so hard it was hurting. "You kept it all these years?" Will mused. He was smiling, but Nico still felt unbelievably vulnerable. "Shut up," was all he managed to say. Will broke into hoarse laughter. "You know why I gave you this?" Nico shrugged. He scratched his cheek. "Hazel told me you collected them once. I remembered seeing you as a first year at the Slytherin table, waving them in everyone's faces each time you got a new card. I thought it was really cute." He laughed weakly, nervously, again. "I had a big crush on you for years." "I know," he blurted out, and Will stared at him in shock. Nico resisted the urge to hide under his covers. "Hazel told me." "Ah." He waved aimlessly. "Well then…" "I, er… I liked you, too," he ground out, "but I was too awkward to ever say anything." Will seemed to be frozen. He stared at Nico widely, mouth pursed in a confused frown, before blowing out a long exhale. "Wow," he chuckled. "I didn't think you even noticed me back then." Nico twisted the ring on his finger. "I did." An awkward silence fell over them. Nico was looking anywhere but at Will, while the old Hufflepuff couldn't seem to take his eyes off of him. Will came and sat back down beside Nico before taking his hand and placing the worn card in it. Nico took it carefully. They spent the rest of the night talking, and Nico was beginning to think that getting hit with a deadly curse was one of the best things that ever happened to him. … Nico stayed at St. Mungo's for another week. Hazel and Frank visited him along with his fellow Aurors. Percy and Jason explained that, after Nico had been knocked out, they'd apprehended Bryce Lawrence and brought him into the Ministry while Reyna transported Nico to medical care. "Lawrence is sitting in Azkaban as we speak," Percy said proudly. He clapped Nico on the shoulder. "Without your head splitting open, we would've never found him, man." "Glad to help," Nico said dryly. When they got too loud, Will chased them away, going on and on about him needing rest and visiting hours ending. Will had rarely left his side the entire week, and all the old feelings from his teenaged years had definitely come back. But it was more than just a school crush. Nico could feel an actual connection between the two of them. His heart still sputtered in his chest each time Will flashed that smile at him, but it felt more concrete, more lasting. It was quickly evolving into something more. "You're being discharged tomorrow," Will said casually later on. Disappointment settled in. He had rather enjoyed being fawned over, and, for the first time in his life, he wasn't in a hurry to return to work. "Oh," he said simply. "Don't sound so excited," Will teased, "you're not ready to go back to work just yet. I'm ordering at least another two weeks of leave." "Great." Nico sat up. "Two weeks of sitting around bored." A sly smirk appeared on Will's features. "So then I'm guessing you won't be busy Friday night?" Nico glanced up in confusion. "No…?" "I have the night off. We could get dinner or coffee or something and catch up." Will's face turned sheepish. "Y-you know, if you want." He stood there in shock. Will Solace – Golden Boy of Hufflepuff – was asking him out? "As in… a date?" Nico asked, trying not to sound too hopeful. Will fidgeted. "Er – I made it awkward, didn't I?" "A little," Nico teased, enjoying how dark Will's cheeks became. "When do you get off?" Will glanced up quickly. "Really? O-okay, uh, great! I mean, I get off around five. I could pick you up at, say, six?" "That works for me, I suppose." "Awesome." Will lit up. "My owl will see to your owl, then." "Right. I'll have to actually check my mail." Then, the same Patronus of a fluffy cat from a few weeks ago poofed up beside Will's head. "Second floor. Severe barfing jinx. All available Healers needed." Will grimaced and glanced at Nico. "And you think your job is dangerous?" Nico laughed, which seemed to perk Will up a bit. "Go. I'll see you Friday." "Yeah," Will agreed. He winked at Nico before disappearing behind the door. "I'm looking forward to it!" … When Friday came, Nico met Will at a little muggle coffee shop in London, dressed in clothing he could have never picked out on his own. Will was already there, holding a small little box, which he promptly handed to Nico as he approached. "For you," he said cheekily. Nico opened it and immediately had to hide his smile in his scarf. "Thank you," he said, and really meant it. Will grinned and held out his arm, which Nico took as he led him into the little café. A brand new Chocolate Frog card sat in the box. The most common one in the game. A/N: From my 'junk folder'! To make up for lack of updates I polished this one up for you guys. :V I honestly have no idea when I'll update again, sorry. Until then, enjoy some magical Solangelo! Literally.