next to the whimpering girl. "Annabeth?" he queried, quietly. The blonde's head whipped up. Seeing who was in front of her, her eyes hardened and she shoved him backwards. "What, did you think you could just waltz in here after shattering my heart and demand that I build you a palace? How dumb are you?" she screamed grabbing anything within reach and hurling it at him. Percy dodged a stapler, a ruler, and caught the three hole punch she threw. Flaring his power just a little he yelled, "Stop!" Annabeth froze, her dagger in hand. Her fingers trembled, and, after staring at him for a second, dropped her knife, fell to the floor, and buried her head in her hands, tears starting anew. "You promised," she whispered, sounding small and frail. Percy ran over, pulled her up, and engulfed her in a huge hug. "I did," he purred into her ear, "and I intend to keep that promise." Picking her up, he moved her over to the desk and sat her on it. Rubbing her back soothingly, he explained everything that had happened and what the Fates had told him. "The choice is yours. Will you join me?" When he finished, she stared at him, her grey eyes filled with desperation, hope, and a little bit of lust. "I will be with you, always?" she asked. At his nod, she slipped from his grasp and stood in front of him. "Do it," she demanded, "own me, make me yours. I want to serve you Lord Perseus." Smiling in relief, Percy stepped up to her and kissed her, pouring all his love into that one action. When he broke it, he followed his instincts and slid his hand down to rub over her womanhood through her pants. She moaned as intense pleasure coursed up her body in jolts. She had never felt anything this good before. Even the previous night was dull compared to what she was feeling now as the love of her life rubbed her. The pressure built impossibly quick. Her nipples strained against her shirt as she bucked her hips into Percy's hand trying desperately to find a release. So deep was her desire to be with the one she loved that she felt her end approaching fast. "P-please, m-m-more," she begged as she felt his aura envelope her, adding to the extreme pleasure that soared through her. One little tweak to her pleasure nub sent her toppling over the edge. An orgasm like never before had her reeling. Her knees gave out and she slumped to the ground, her mind a white haze. Percy could feel the connection growing, strengthening his power. She would serve him, love him, bow to his very will, anything a man could hope for. But he didn't care. He had his Wise Girl and he would have her always. As the pleasure receded, Annabeth felt different. At first, she couldn't tell what it was, but when a gentle voice called her name, she sat bolt upright. Looking up into the face of her boyfriend, she felt the change. Percy was no longer just her boyfriend. Her every fantasy had come to pass. She was staring into the face of her master. He owned her, and she loved the very sound of it. He was still her Seaweed Brain, and she his Wise Girl, but he was her better. All she wanted to do was make him happy. Then she remembered what she had done when he had first walked in. Falling back to her knees, she pushed her nose to the ground before his feet. "Master, please," she beseeched "I didn't mean what I said when you first came in. Your slave was heartbroken. I didn't think I could ever be with you again. Please, I implore you, forgive your humble slut. What must I do to earn your forgiveness?" Percy looked down at his new servant. He was shocked at the change. Within seconds, his girlfriend had gone from a headstrong leader who always had a plan, to a trembling submissive, begging forgiveness for something that was completely natural. He crouched next to her and touched her shoulder. Frantic, she forced herself closer to the ground trying hard to keep herself lower than him. "Look at me," he commanded. Hesitantly, she looked at him, her stormy orbs shining with love and devotion, but swimming with guilt. Percy reached out a hand and stroked her cheek. Annabeth instantly leaned into his touch, enjoying the warmth of her master's hand. "What you did was not wrong. It was perfectly acceptable as you were acting out of desperation and anger. I'm not mad. Far from it, because it shows me just how much you really care." "B-but I almost threw a knife at you," she whimpered bowing her head in shame. "It doesn't matter. You didn't really have control. You won't feel guilty about that, because it's not your fault." "M-m-master, I could have..." "You didn't," he cut her off, "I can feel what actions are justified, and what demands punishment and what severity. What you did was justified. You will not be punished for it so don't blame yourself." The guilt in her eyes eased a little and she straightened until she was kneeling in front of him, keeping her head bowed. "Master, how may I serve you? What are your orders?" Percy squashed down his new instincts and was about to refuse when the mixed voices of the Fates forced their way into his head. "Do not refuse to order her around Perseus. While she may be your true love, she is still your slave. She humbled herself and gave herself to you. As much as you may not like it, you must treat her as such." Percy sighed defeated. "Let's go somewhere private and we'll start with some ground rules." Annabeth nodded. When she didn't stand, Percy grabbed her shoulder and flashed them both to Cabin 3 at Camp Half Blood.