really enough to qualify as friends, but still… something. Slightly panicking, Nico put his cigarette out and started to leave without a word. "Hey!" Will called after him. "W-wait!" Nico shook his head and kept walking even as Will followed him. Did the kid have a death wish? Even his cute face wasn't going to save him if he kept it up. Will set his hand down on Nico's shoulder. Instinctively, Nico lurched out of the foreign touch and spun around, teeth set dangerously. Will backed up, hands held in front of him defensively like a white flag. "Wh-whoa, no need to get feral!" "What do you want, Solace?" Nico growled and realized his slip-up the moment Will's eyes started shining. "You said my name," he whispered, almost awed. Nico glared down at the ground. "So?" "You've never said my name before." Nico scoffed. "Is your ego so large that you blow up as soon as you get recognition? It's just a fucking name. Get over it." Will looked stricken. "Wh-what? Nico, I was just talking—" "You're always talking!" Nico snapped. He wasn't entirely sure why he was shouting at Will. He wasn't sure what the sense of fear was rippling through him. But he couldn't stop. "Can't you just shut up for more than two seconds? Leave me alone!" He spun around before he could see Will's hurt face and walked off. He supposed that would be the end of his talks with Will. It was probably for the best. Will was better off without him anyways. He flicked his collar up against the sudden chill. … Nico didn't show up for class. Will watched the empty chair guiltily. What had he said wrong? He had offended him somehow. Maybe he got sick of listening to Will's constant nagging. Will didn't blame him. He just got really nervous around Nico, and his defense to that was to blurt out facts until his head spun. He didn't even attempt to listen to his prof anymore. He was too busy wallowing. The next two weeks were the worst of Will's life. He failed – failed – his history exam, lost his wallet which held his credit card, student ID, and all of his cash, locked himself out of his room, sent his professor the wrong paper, got a parking ticket for going over his meter by eight minutes, and forgot to turn in his math assignment. Will, who had always prided himself on his organization, was devastated. "We all get in those slumps from time to time," Cecil tried to assure him. "It's only midterms. You can turn it around." Will never mentioned his 'fight' with Nico, or the fact that he still passed the library with a bubble of hope in his chest which would pop the moment he saw no one leaning against the wall. Will wasn't sure why Nico di Angelo affected him so much, how it happened so quickly, but he knew he just wanted to hear Nico curse at him again. He wanted to see that smile again. His bad luck continued during the week but he still attempted to study. He hit the books hard, trying to forget all about Nico and his tattoos, and flushed out the memory of his laugh with Latin terms and historical dates. By the time midterms rolled around, Will was almost back to his old self. He felt confident as he strode into his art history classroom, ready to ace the exam. It all flew away when he noticed that the seat in front of him was occupied. After missing for two full weeks, Nico di Angelo had come back. His black jacket was slung over his chair as he sat nonchalantly, glaring at everything that moved or made a noise. He had a new piercing on his eyebrow, and Will's heart immediately relapsed. He sat down with a large grin. "You're back!" Nico cast him a dark look over his shoulder before facing forward, silent. Will frowned. "Oh, so that's how it's gonna be, huh?" Nico ignored him. Will sighed. "You know, I was just trying to be your friend. I don't know what I did to piss you off so much but… I'm sorry, for what it's worth." Silence. "Glad we could clear that up," Will huffed and sank back in his chair. He dug out a pencil, crossed his arms, and waited for the tests to be passed out. It was predictably easy. Will connected each work to its respective artist and circled every correct date fluidly, not stopping for a moment. He wasn't the first one to finish, but he was definitely one of the quickest. As he stood to turn in his paper, he noticed a pack of cigarettes sticking out of the pocket of Nico's jacket. He glared at them, feeling inexplicably jealous, before walking up to the professor's desk and placing his answer sheet on top of the others. He collected his things quietly, risking glimpses at Nico every few seconds. His attention drifted back down to the cigarette pack and his irritation swelled. Barely thinking, Will made sure no one was looking and quickly swiped them from the pocket before stuffing them in his pocket and leaving. He felt rather pleased with himself. Imagine the look on Nico's face when he tried to light up one of his beloved cancer-sticks and found himself grasping at nothing but the inside of his coat and air. That's right, Will thought gleefully. I stole your stupid cigarettes. He froze for a moment, the reality sinking in. Holy shit, I just stole Nico di Angelo's cigarettes. Gulping, he pushed open the door and let the sudden autumn breeze nip at his cheeks. A thrill ran up his spine as his hand made contact with the package in his pocket. Come and get them. A/N: Translations: 'Non parlo inglese.' - I don't speak English. 'Non fumare!' - No smoking! 'Beh, cazzo me.' - Well, fuck me.