simultaneously. "There's no party," they chimed. Nico groaned again and considered hijacking the nearest shadow and riding it straight to New York. Anything would be better than walking into that dining hall where he knew Will had enlisted half the camp to throw a surprise party that would not be surprising in the least. The embarrassment was actually going to kill him. Nico knew that Jason and Percy were leading him there now. He knew the whole day spent roaming around New Rome and goofing around was to buy time, and he knew he wasn't getting out of it. When Jason made a show of checking his watch, Nico also knew that he had run out of time. "Well, I'm getting pretty hungry. How about you, Perce?" "Starved," Percy agreed. "Hey, you know where they have food? The dining hall! Why don't we go?" "You're terrible actors," he muttered. They just beamed at him. From the outside, the dining hall looked dark and empty. Nico sighed. "Let's just get this over with," he said and opened the doors. For a moment, there was nothing but darkness, and Nico felt a smidgen of disappointment that quickly burned into embarrassment. Then – "SURPRISE!" Nico, despite himself, flinched as the lights came on and someone threw a balloon at him. He blinked as several faces came into focus. Hazel was there with Frank, waving apologetically at him. Percy went over to greet Annabeth while Piper darted forward to pull Nico into a hug. Reyna was at his side next, ruffling his hair, and Jason grabbed him after to lift him into one of his infamous rib-shattering embraces. Then, leading the pack with a huge, dorky smile, was the mastermind behind it all. Nico tried to glare at his boyfriend, he really did, but the matching smile on his face ruined the desired effect. "I hate you so much right now," Nico said as Will approached him. "I'm hurt," Will answered, sing-song. He rested his hands on Nico's arms and beamed. "Happy Birthday, Nico!" "Happy Birthday!" came an answering cheer and Nico felt his face growing uncomfortably hot. "The hate is growing, Solace," he murmured. Will just laughed and gave him a quick peck on the nose, succeeding in making Nico impersonate a steamed lobster. Then, Hazel was whisking him away to give him a kiss on the cheek and a tight hug that Nico immediately returned. "Happy Birthday, bro," she said. "Thanks, Hazel." "Oh, so she gets a thank you?" Will teased, hands on his hips. "Well, look at all the hard work she did," Nico taunted, gesturing around the hall. Will pouted, but it disappeared the moment Nico nudged him playfully. He stuck out an arm expectantly. "Can I escort the birthday boy through his party?" Nico rolled his eyes but put his hand on Will's elbow and let the son of Apollo steer him through the party, talking to each person in turn. Nico was shocked at all the people there, who were all eager to wish him a happy birthday and talk to him. He found it wasn't as bad as he had anticipated. After a while, Will pulled him aside. "I wanna give you my present now." Nico frowned. "You didn't have to get me anything." "Uh, yeah. I did. I wanted to." Will handed him a small little blue box about the size of his fist. Nico took it, blinking. "Uh…" "Just open it." Nico did and was immediately confused. "It's a… key?" He lifted it out of the box and kept it in his palm. It was a small silver key, slightly worn and scratched. "It's my key," Will corrected, "to my house. You know, back in New York. I already asked my mom, and she agreed. You should have one." Nico felt something tighten in his chest. He glanced up wordlessly at Will and opened and closed his mouth several times. Suddenly, the key felt very heavy, solid with the weight of the implications it held. "I… I can't accept this." "Look, Nico, I…" He took a deep breath, which made Nico nervous. "Both my mom and I consider you to be family. Everyone here is like family and I… I just wanted to tell you that." He smiled anxiously. "So, yeah." Nico ran his thumb across the key and found he couldn't trust his voice. He just collected Will into a tight hug. "Thank you." Will kissed the top of his head. "I love you," was all he said, like it was the most natural thing in the world, like he had no idea how weak, and yet how strong it made Nico feel. When it came to the cake, Nico wasn't sure what he was looking at. It was white but with black frosting on top outlining a ghost. In messy cursive were the words, "Happy Birthday, Nico!" with two candles – a Nine and a One. "Ninety-one," he muttered. "Charming." "Oops." Percy reached out and switched the order. "Dyslexic problems." "Nineteen. Better." Hazel held up a camera. "Okay, everyone start singing." "Please don't." "One," Will counted, "two, three!" "Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday to you!" Nico's face went hot again. He stared stubbornly at the cake. Were those chocolate chip eyes? "Happy birthday, dear Nico!" Nico looked up at everyone, at Percy and Jason with their party hats, Hazel with her camera, Reyna holding up her up, Annabeth and Piper clapping along as they tried to get Frank to dance along with them, and at Will, who was conducting them all while keeping his eyes locked on Nico's, at his family. "Happy birthday to you!" "Now make a wish!" Will called. A wish? Again, Nico glanced around the room, and contentment crashed over him. He had to blink back the sudden emotion clouding up his eyes. I consider you to be family. It seemed he already got his wish. And so he blew out his candles. A/N: Happy 91st/19th Birthday, Nico! :3