gang guess correct in the most sickening way. It just could not be though! The Luke I had grown up with never had the thoughts or influences of any of the sort to get him involved in such a thing. My fingers furiously tapped on the wooden table I was sitting at in my small but organised lounge. Another frustrated growl ripped through my throat. I ran a hand through my blonde curls as my eyes scanned the paper. Nothing was adding up, the marks on the girl's corpse had been from an animal, so it couldn't be from a human. But it couldn't be from an animal because they can't travel across the states to kill someone then get another kill from another state entirely. Sadly enough, that was not the only thing glued to my mind. Luke's mum had died, or more specifically been murdered. The thought curled in my stomach and sent an unpleasant sense of uncertainty up my throat. I had only met her once or twice; she was rather weird to say the least. She'd make me wonder how Luke had kept so sane when she was clearly off her rocker. Hypothetically, if it had been Luke behind the murders, that would mean he killed his mum… My eyes widened with horror. All my thoughts were scaring me. Had I really grown up with a sociopath who had the talent of disguise? He couldn't possibly be the man behind all this tragedy, could he? No, it was impossible. I knew those soft icy blue eyes ever since I was young. They would watch over me as I climbed the monkey bars; they were always steadily resting on my back to catch me if I fell. My teary gaze which I hadn't noticed until now, landed on the picture. I sniffed because my nose had that familiar stuffy feeling. I was getting emotional just thinking about my past. It certainly hadn't been a walk in the park and I knew that for a fact. How desperately I wanted to dodge my emotions and lock them up in a vault to never be seen again. I despised Luke; I can't stand anything about him anymore. Yet here I am willing to think of nonsense to prove the suspicions wrong. Why I'm trying to protect him? I'm not too sure myself… Maybe my stubborn nature was blinding me from the truth? Who could bear the thought that they were raised by a psychotic being? A possible psychotic being, I reassure myself. If he was, wouldn't I be raised like that too? I forced my vision on the document, trying and failing at focusing. Collections of words formed sentences, a collection of sentences formed paragraphs and yet I wasn't absorbing any it's contents. I tried, I really did but my mind just couldn't fixate on it. My curls were delicately falling to rest against my cheek. My finger came up to twist a strand, a nervous and stupid habit I had adapted to over the years. I subconsciously nibbled gently on the inside of my cheek. I slam the pen I was fidgeting with firmly against the wooden table. I rose from my cushioned chair and promptly marched into my kitchen to grab a glass of water. I drank hoping that the cool water would somewhat relieve my frustration and upcoming headache. A small trail of liquid fell onto my orange T-shirt. I grabbed a fistful of the fabric in my hand and pulled it closer to my face to inspect it. I scowled at the small damp patch. I moved the glass around in my hand, not one drop had leaked out of the cup. Another drop found its way into my mouth, it tasted salty. My vision was blurring and then I noticed I was crying, or on the brink of it to be more specific. Cursing at myself, I hastily wiped the tears away. I hadn't even noticed I was getting emotional. I guess it was because of all the pressure and aggravation building up inside of me. This was what I meant when I had the meeting with Chiron and Percy, the thought of Luke is heart wrenching and tears me apart. Not being able to control the feelings just make it harder. But alas, I knew I wasn't blessed enough to have that ability, I doubt anyone is. Long deep breaths brought me back to reality. My hands curled into fists by my sides. This would not be my fall, I will not let it. I will fight these feelings, my doubts, my insecurities. I shall conquer them and leave no survivors. I will and must learn to get along with my new, partner , Percy Jackson. My jaw tightened. Maybe he wasn't as obnoxious as I thought. There was always the possibility of misjudgement. We'll go with that… I wasn't sure if I could trust Percy, anyone would be after just meeting someone. It would not even be a chance to just waltz up to him and come clean with my past relations with Luke. Could I? I'll have to tell him at some point, however right now is not the time. A time will come when I will tell him, just not now. I need time to recollect myself to move on to the point I don't shiver each time I hear his name. A/N: This is chapter is a rewrite that has gone through MAJOR editing, such as adding new scenes, changing some details, removing some things, all that good stuff. The first version of this chapter was terrible so I made this. There are probably still some mistakes in here that I can't see. So if you are a beta willing to help me, just send me a private message. I'm serious. Please, I don't have a beta at all. I need one… Be sure to favourite, follow, recommend, review and all that good stuff. Thank you so much! -GiftFromTheSkies