heel and speed-walked over to Nico. "Where is it? Where's your half of the necklace?" she demanded, staring down at him. Nico gazed up at her, expressionless. "I don't know what you're talking about." He said calmly. "Yes, you do." She replied in an equally calm tone. "Now, don't be such a stubborn idiot and let me see it." "Why should I?" he asked, leaning forward. "Oh, for the love of Zeus!" Nacrissa muttered, clearly annoyed. She spread her fingers of her left hand and held her hand out towards the ground. "Mikró fílo, érchontai." She said. It was Greek for ' little friend, come '. A shadow popped up out of nowhere, slithering like a snake towards Nacrissa's outstretched hand. "Férei se ména. (Bring it to me.) " She ordered the shadow, and, before anyone had time to react, it was winding around Nico, pausing when it reached his neck. The shadow wrapped around the Ghost King's neck like a noose. It lingered there for a second before sliding back to Nacrissa, somehow dragging a necklace with it. "Hey!" Nico protested as the shadow dropped the necklace in Nacrissa's hand. "Give that back! How did you even know I had that?" "Because," she said, reaching into her pocket of her jacket, "I have the other half." Sure enough, when she pulled her hand out of her pocket, a leather cord was clenched in her fist. She held the necklaces up for the group of demigods to see. In each of her hands was a leather cord, each of which had a half of a Yin-yang. The necklace on the left was Nico's, a white yin. The one on the right was Nacrissa's, a black yang. She held them out to the son of Hades. "Put them together." She said, and Nico took them from her. When he pushed the two pieces together, a click and the faint sound of gears turning was heard by the group of demigods, who were standing around the children of Hades. Suddenly, the charm, now a complete, perfect circle, popped open. It was a locket. Inside, there were two pictures. One was of two children who looked maybe four or five years old, a boy and a girl who looked exactly alike, except for a white streak in the girl's hair on the left side. They were beaming at the camera, smiling the same bright, radiant smile, eyes twinkling with delight. "Aww, you two are adorable!" Piper squealed, looking over Nico's shoulder at the photo. "Nico's eyes look different." Leo blurted out, standing next to Piper. Everyone looked at him simultaneously, and the son of Hephaestus shrugged. "I mean, they're the same color and all, but they don't look the same. There, they look innocent and bright, and, well…happy. In the time I've known him, they never looked like that. They just look…broken. Like shattered glass." Everyone stared at him. "What?" Leo demanded. "Nothing." Annabeth said, snapping out of her stunned trance first. "That was just very…" she paused, trying to find the right word, "…deep. It's not like you." Leo frowned. "I can say deep stuff if I want to." "She never said you couldn't, Repair Boy. She said you don't." Piper pointed out. Nico was silent, too focused on the second photo to care that they were talking about him. Nacrissa was staring at the picture as well. All the demigods stopped talking when they realized Nico hadn't told them to shut up, or even turned to scowl at them like he normally would have, and returned their attention to the locket. The second photo showed the same two children, but they had three other people with him. One was Hades, who had his arm around a young woman. They were both smiling brightly. "Nico, is that your mom?" Thalia asked, and Nico nodded. "She looks nice." "She was." Nacrissa murmured, but neither child of Hades seemed particularly focused on their mother. Their eyes were glued on the person in the middle, a girl with the same eyes as the twin children, but she looked two years or so older, maybe seven or eight. She stood directly behind the boy and girl with her arms around their shoulders, pulling them close to her. Behind the girl stood Nico and Nacrissa's parents. Even though she was younger, Percy and Thalia recognized her immediately. The others, however, did not, though they had a pretty good idea who she was. "Is that…" Jason began, and Nacrissa nodded, her eyes brimming with tears. "Bianca." Nico confirmed; his voice thick. Nacrissa took a deep breath and squeezed her eyes shut to keep her tears from falling, but one had already slipped down her cheek. "Are you OK, Lissy?" Nico turned to her, voice filled with concern. Nacrissa stiffened and turned to look at him, shock etched on her face. "What?" He asked, noticing her expression. "What did you just call me?" she asked; eyes wide. Nico frowned. "Lissy…I–I don't know why. Why did I?" he seemed extremely confused, and so did everyone else, save Nacrissa and Hazel. "I'm confused." Percy said; ignoring Travis's 'what else is new?' "Who's Lissy?" "I am." Nacrissa turned to the group of demigods. "When Casper and I were kids, his nickname was Casper and mine was Lissy. The 'Issy' from Chrissy and the L…" she paused as Nico finished the sentence as if he had said it a million times. "The L from Elizabeth, her middle name. Nacrissa Elizabeth Di Angelo." His eyes widened and Nacrissa threw her arms around him and pulled him into a bone crushing hug. Nico chuckled softly and hugged her back just as tightly. She released him, smiling her blinding smile, which didn't waver when Nico said: "I don't remember everything, but I remember enough." "Wait," Katie interrupted. "So you two are siblings? Like full siblings with the same mom and dad." Nacrissa nodded. "We're identical twins." REVIEW! Advice is welcome, but hate is not. I'm sensitive.