Shadow" He said after a brief pause, his own study of the girl had taken less than a third of the time she had spent looking at him, from the green eyes, black hair and powerful aura, she was most certainly a daughter of Poseidon. He was once again glad for his suit, it muffled his aura, so even stood in front of a god they wouldn't be able to tell his demigod roots. "What do you want with me .. Shadow" she said after a brief pause, because it was a strange name after all. "I'm taking you home" he said "preferably before this whole building burns down" he indicated the wall on the far side of the room being slowly engulfed in greek fire. "Can I trust you" she again asked in a small voice "I will get you home, I promise no harm will come to you whilst you're with me, I swear it on the styx" The man told her to the backdrop of thunder. "Okay" she said slowly lowering the spear "What's your name?" The man asked her quietly taking the spear from her lax grip. "Gemma" She said shyly "Okay Gemma, I need you to trust me, can you do that?" Shadow asked her glancing to his escape route "I-I think so" she stuttered "Alright good, I need you to come here" he said as he moved quickly towards a window, whilst hooking a chair on the way. Without warning he catapulted the chair straight through the window, Gemma took a step back from him in surprise. Leaning slightly out of the broken window, Shadow fired another of the arrows with the steel cables in to the hard stone lining the roof, once satisfied it could hold his weight, he turned his attention back to Gemma. "Okay Gemma, I need you to come to me" He said to the girl who looked like she realised what he was about to do. "Can't we just use the stairs?" She asked hesitantly "I think we might get a little hot and bothered going that way" He said with a smirk plainly displayed on his lips, gesturing to the door that was now on fire. "Okay.." Gemma said slowly, making her way to the mysterious man Grabbing her quickly around the waist, Shadow leapt from the building, falling quite fast until the cable slowed the descent and placed them nicely on the sidewalk. After letting the cable snap off from the bow handle, Shadow turned his attention to the girl in his arms, she looked green, like seriously green. "You okay Gemma?" He asked, trying to stifle a chuckle "That was horrible" She groaned "It's only a few blocks until we get to our mode of transport, can you walk?" Shadow questioned With a nod, he gently lowered the young girl to the ground. After a few steps, her legs gave out under her, so Shadow against her weak protests, picked her up again after dispelling his bow, and carried her to his motorcycle. On the way, Gemma obviously got over her fear of him, which was a shame, because she soon started to bombard him with questions, that he answered as briefly as he could, but tried not to lie to the little girl. "Why can't I see your face?" She asked suddenly, in her game of fifty questions, she had already asked his favourite colour, his weapon preference and why he was in the building she was held captive in. "Because … Ahh here we are" just then, they came up to his motorcycle, unlike Ares' bike, his was made for speed, quite unlike biker gangs, you had to lean forwards instead of backwards. Taking the helmet off the handle bars, he passed it to the small girl who he had just placed on the ground. "No, I will look silly" Gemma complained, refusing the helmet "Nobody will see you, and this way if you fall off you won't hurt yourself as badly" Shadow reasoned "Fine, but don't tell anyone at Camp about this" Gemma warned "Wouldn't dream of it" Shadow chuckled, swinging his leg over the saddle, twisting the key in the ignition, and hearing the engine roar to life. He bent down to the side, and lifted Gemma so that she was placed in front of him, where he could keep an eye on her, kicking the stand up, he gunned the engine, and they shot off towards Camp Half-Blood. When they arrived, thanks to the enchantments on his suit, the hood hadn't fallen down, and a really enthusiastic Gemma seemed reluctant to get off the bike, at first she had been terrified of the speeds Shadow had been riding as he weaved through the traffic, but once she relaxed she found it exhilarating. Once he finally coaxed Gemma off the bike, she put the helmet back on the saddle, and patted her hair flat. "Go on, it's just over that hill" Shadow told her, gently pushing her in the direction of the camp "Aren't you coming?" she questioned suddenly "No" he replied bluntly "Oh, will I ever see you again?" she asked, sensing that the reason why he wasn't going in was a sore subject. "Maybe Gemma, maybe" he said as a sigh Greatly surprising him, Gemma hugged him around the waist, with her only being a young girl, and him being at least 6'3 this was the best she could manage. "Thank you" she muttered whilst Shadow still stunned, just gently patted back. Once she pulled away, Shadow stood there, feeling like he should say something. "Look after yourself, I'll wait until you're inside safely" he said gently pushing her towards the barrier again. Getting the message, Gemma quickly climbed up the hill, looking back a few times to see Shadow leaning against the motorcycle with his arms crossed watching to make sure she got up alright. Once at the crest, she turned again, but Shadow and his bike had vanished.