of food to their table. After he went away, (but not before letting his eyes roam Annabeth's body, much to Percy's dismay) they dug in, eating to their heart's content. The rest of the night was spent laughing and talking and getting to know one another, and Annabeth found herself enjoying this criminal's company. When the waiter brought the check, Percy found a little note on it. Make sure to give me a call Blondie (; with his number scribbled at the bottom. Percy scowled and ripped it up, letting the tiny pieces of paper litter the floor. Finally, Percy drove Annabeth home, getting out of the car to walk her to her doorstep. They simply stood there awkwardly, not really saying anything. Finally, Annabeth cleared her throat. "Thank you, Percy. For taking me out. I had fun," she smiled at him genuinely. Percy grinned back and shot her a wink. "No problem Ms. Chase. After all, I do make nice company." Annabeth rolled her eyes yet smiled. "Can't you stand one minute without flirting with me?" Percy stepped closer to her, making Annabeth step back. Her back crashed against the door, and soon Percy had her trapped. He smirked at her. "It's pretty hard not to. I mean, how do you want me to stop when you keep teasing me with that sweet, sweet body of yours?" Annabeth rolled her eyes at him and tried to make her heartbeat slow down and even her breathing. "You pervert. You're making it sound like you only like me for my body." Percy stepped even closer, his body pressed up against hers, his hands on either side of her, and his breath fanning the blonde's face. "Of course not. You're an amazing person, Annabeth. I would like to spend more time with you, if that's ok?" He whispered, his finger trailing up and down her arm. Annabeth gulped and said shakily, "I'm not sure that would be appropriate or safe." Percy smirked at her. "Since when are things ever safe in New York? Besides," he whispered huskily, nipping at her earlobe. "I'm a dangerous guy." With that, he crashed his lips against hers. Annabeth was too stunned to react, yet her mind was screaming at her to follow along, do whatever he asked her to. Soon, Annabeth was responding to the kiss, savoring every part of it. His lips moved in perfect sync with hers, going at a fierce pace. Percy gripped Annabeth's thighs, making her gasp, and Percy wasted no time in shoving his tongue into her mouth. Annabeth didn't resist, and they found their tongues fighting furiously for dominance. Percy soon won, and he began to explore every inch of her mouth. Annabeth nipped at his bottom lip, making him groan in response. Annabeth shivered at the low and throaty sound he emitted, not being able to resist herself. Percy began trailing kisses down her jawline, and then to her neck. He began sucking on her collarbone harshly, sure to leave a hickey. Annabeth let out mewls of pleasure, and Percy found his need for her growing and growing. He moved up to suck on the spot below Annabeth's ear. "Percy," she groaned softly. Percy growled lowly in response and began sucking harshly on that same spot. "I love it when you say my name like that," he said huskily. Annabeth treaded her fingers through his messy black hair, tugging at the strands as his mouth moved all over her neck and jaw. She found herself fumbling for her key, desperate to open the door and get inside. Percy wasn't helping. She couldn't form coherent thoughts or do anything for that matter with his growls and nips at her neck. "You have no idea," he growled, nipping at her jaw. "How much I wanted to do this to you the first time I laid eyes on you." Annabeth mewled in response and finally found the key and stuck it into the keyhole, turning it quickly. She fumbled with the doorknob and twisted it open. "Inside," she gasped. Percy smirked and easily picked her up from behind her thighs, and together they stumbled inside, shutting the door securely behind them. A week later, Percy was brought to the station again. Apparently this time, he had started another huge bar fight, leaving two guys in the hospital. Percy didn't care. All he wanted right now was to see that blonde. He went into the interrogation room by himself, and waited impatiently for Annabeth to come. She too, was desperate to see this criminal soon, the events of the other night leaving her wanting to see him again soon. When she stepped through the door, Percy quickly shoved her against the wall, closing and locking the door immediately. He wasted no time in shoving his tongue into her mouth, making Annabeth drop her papers to the floor to thread her fingers through his soft hair. Percy gripped her from behind her thighs, making her wrap her legs around his waist. He trailed his hands up and down them, desperate to touch every part of this delicious blonde again. "Jackson," gasped Annabeth as he sucked on her sweet spot. He hummed in response, making her shiver instinctively. She grabbed his face to pull him back and looked him dead in the eye. "I don't want to see you here again." Wow, this is the longest one-shot I've ever written. How was it? I know I got some (probably all) the police stuff wrong, but this is fanfiction, people on here don't know shit about what they're writing about. (Not all, but probably some) Sorry if there are any mistakes in this. I did go through it...but still. Any other ideas for one-shots? I'm really starting to like writing these. It's fun ((: if you have any more ideas, just PM me, or comment :D Please check out my other stuff and vote on my poll! Would really appreciate all the support ((: ~Kat 3