sometimes let her hands slide over her thighs sensually, to which Percy's eyes followed every movement. Annabeth sometimes put a hand on Percy's arm and gripped it, and there was no denying there was a lot of muscle there, or set a hand on his knee as she laughed at some ridiculous thing he said. The blonde would bite her lip sometimes, letting her eyes flashing seductively, and run a hand through her hair. After she did that, adding her also running her hands on her thighs leisuresly, Percy had instantly jumped up from his chair, announced he had to go to the restroom, and bolted towards it. The girls had sent Annabeth a strange look, and the blonde had winked subtly at them. Her plan was working. After Percy came back, she had called the waiter over to order some dessert. They settled for a triple chocolate cheesecake enough for all of them. After he left, Annabeth turned towards Percy, tilting her head slightly and smiling dazzlingly at him. "Is everything all right, Percy?" He nodded distractedly, his eyes settled on something a bit lower than where the base of Annabeth's neck was. She gritted her teeth in annoyance and disgust. Finally, his eyes flickered back up to meet hers, his eyes a dark green. "I just, uh, had to take care of some stuff." He replied, his voice husky. Annabeth leaned closer to him, letting her hand slide onto his thigh. "What kind of stuff?" She asked, her voice low. Percy bit his lip, his eyes turning a dark blue, almost black. "I can't really say," he responded, smirking sexily at her. Annabeth pouted, and Percy's eyes definitely turned black at this. "Why not?" Percy leaned closer to her, his hot breath fanning her face. He smirked at her, his hand creeping up her thigh. "I'm not sure you would approve of what I was doing." Annabeth let her eyes glimmer mischeviously. "Maybe I could help you with what you were doing." Percy let out a low growl, his hand gripping her thigh, making Annabeth bite her lip to keep any noises from escaping her mouth. "Fuck, Annabeth," he said hoarsely. Annabeth smirked and leaned back in her chair just as the waiter came back. He carried a plate full of the delicious looking cake and settled it in the middle of the table. He nodded his head and smiled at them. "Enjoy." He left, letting the group instantly pick up their plates and begin slicing pieces of the cheesecake. Percy, who was closer to the cake, handed Annabeth her plate, a chunk of the cake settled neatly on it. She smiled gratifyingly. Perfect size. "Thank you," she said. Percy nodded, picking up his fork to slice off a piece and pop it into his mouth. Annabeth picked at her cheesecake, not wanting to eat a bite of it just yet. No. This cheesecake was special. She couldn't waste it by eating it, no matter how delicious it looked. She turned her attention back to Percy, smiling mischievously at him. "Now, about my offer...what do you say, Percy?" She asked lightly. Percy glanced over at her, setting down his fork and smirking at her. He shrugged. "I don't know, Annabeth. When and where?" Annabeth leaned closer to him, grabbing his hand and setting it on her thigh. His eyes glanced down at her leg, and then back at her face, glinting with an intense kind of lust Annabeth had never seen on a man before. The look was just enough to make her groan, or kick him in the balls. "How about right now?" She whispered. "We could sneak into a bathroom..." She trailed off, letting the sentence hang in the air. Percy smirked, his hand trailing up and up her thigh, finally slipping under the skirt. "I'd like that," he said huskily. He let his hand squeeze her upper thigh slightly, and Annabeth couldn't contain the gasp that escaped her mouth. Traitor, she hissed at herself. Percy leaned in closer to her, his other hand running up and down her side. "And oh, Miss Chase, the things I could do to you in that bathroom." Annabeth smirked seductively at him. "Why don't you show me?" Percy's eyes flashed hungrily. "It would be my most pleasure," he growled lowly. His mouth slowly crept up to her neck, and right when his lips touched her skin, Annabeth used her hand to sweep up her plate with the chocolate cheesecake...and smash it on his head. Percy gasped, jumping back from her. " What the fuck?!" He growled, bring his hand up to his head, feeling the sticky substance invade his locks. He glowered at Annabeth, who tried for a dumb blonde smile none of her friends would be fooled with. "Oops," she said innocently. She smirked at the man devilishly. "It was an accident." Percy opened his mouth to say who-knows-what, but was cut off when Annabeth stood up, swinging her bag over her shoulder. She grabbed her lemonade, filled to the top, and Percy's refilled Coke...and dumped it on Percy's head. She gasped in mock surprise. "Oh, sorry," she apologized, her tone not at all sincere. "That was an accident too." She smirked triumphantly at Percy's angry expression. " Crazy fucking bitch-" he began. Annabeth cut him off. She looked at her friends, who were staring in shock at Percy and Annabeth. Thalia and Reyna were the only ones who looked like they were trying hard not to laugh, along with Percy's friends. "Girls," she announced, a pleased smile on her face. "I think this dickwad-fuckboy has learned his lesson. Let's go." O-O Damn Annabeth This was a lot of fun writing. I love AU's where Percy's like this and Annabeth's like that, and I love writing about their personalities being like that even more! The second part to this should be up sometime next week, so stay tuned! Also, SoL should be updated soon enough. Goodnight everyone. ~Kat