here since the first day of school, and Ms. Elliot never existed." He gives her a flat, unamused look. Joy shifts her head to the other side, to glance at Annabeth with curious eyes. "So, naturally, when my mother walked her to school, I wanted to know what the deal was. And she told me that she had never seen you before in her life." This is not surprising to Annabeth at all. Joy's grandmother hadn't said a suspicious word to Annabeth, but she had felt keenly studied under the woman's gaze. She's one of the kindest people Annabeth has ever met, but certainly made it clear that there would be no room for error when it came to her granddaughter's safety. "And I most certainly have never seen you, either, so you can understand that I would like an explanation." Annabeth catches Joy trying to conceal a smile, and figures that this is probably why her father is the favorite parent. It's terrible to have your fears dismissed as immature and childish when they're completely rational. Annabeth knows all too well what it feels like, and Joy probably does too. Maybe it's not exactly fair to her mother, but then, parents should always be concerned when their child is upset, Mist or no Mist. "I came late into the schoolyear. I'm…" she trails off, unsure how to phrase it the best. "I came here to investigate incidents precisely like this one," she says, gesturing to Joy. The man raises his eyebrows at her. "Is there a reason why you couldn't transfer like a normal teacher?" Annabeth shrugs. "I didn't need to. You would… be surprised about the things people can convince themselves of. Everyone else in the school is perfectly content to accept that I'm the kindergarten teacher, no questions asked." "What happened to Ms. Elliot?" "She had a burning desire to go back to college," Annabeth says truthfully. "She was more than happy to give me the position." He studies her again, still looking skeptical. Then, he drops his eyes from her. "Hey, Joy, is there any chance I could maybe put you down?" Joy giggles, which is nice to hear, and ducks away. "I mean, you're getting big, you know," he says, pinching her arm lightly. Joy squeals and tries to squirm away, and he takes the opportunity to set her down. She leans against his legs and cocks her head at Annabeth, studying her inquisitively. "Who are you?" Annabeth blurts out, against her better judgement. It was definitely not the best question to ask, given the way his face darkens. She can visibly see his guard go up. "What does that have to do with anything?" It would be wise to backtrack, but Annabeth has always had a nasty habit of letting her curiosity get the better of her. "You've dealt with this kind of thing before. You even look like you've been expecting it." He levels a reserved look at her, and doesn't respond right away. Annabeth feels flayed open, with the two identical sets of green eyes studying her so intently. "Look," he says finally. "I don't think you're… a threat. But I want to stay as far away from this stuff as possible." He glances down meaningfully at Joy, and Annabeth understands what he's not saying. It makes sense. Joy is only a quarter god, and should be able to have a relatively normal life in the mortal world. At least, he obviously hopes so. Annabeth has her doubts, but then, he is apparently proficient at surviving in the mortal world, given that he's made it into adulthood without any help from Camp Half-Blood. She's not sure what he means by 'stuff,' exactly. It's possible he'd made a conscious decision not to investigate. It's one thing to occasionally have run-ins with monsters, but it's another thing entirely to actually believe that the Greek gods are real. Annabeth has had enough arguments with skeptical half-bloods to know. "Fair enough," Annabeth says shortly, although she doesn't think it's wise to run from who you really are. Some of her doubts must show in her face, because he raises an eyebrow at her, as though challenging her to contradict him. Arguing people into making decisions rarely works, though, and it's not a discussion that Annabeth is eager to have in front of a five-year-old. "Can I get a name, at least?" she says finally, because if he's not going to give her anything significant to work with, then she'll just have to do the digging on her own. A ghost of a smile flickers across his face. "Percy Jackson." It certainly sounds like a half-blood name—old fashioned, uncommon. It goes without saying that half-bloods have eccentric parents, and usually end up with names like Clovis and Pollux and, frankly, Annabeth. She was hoping that his name might spark a memory, but nothing comes to mind. Anyway, she's pretty sure that she would remember someone like him. "Annabeth," she says, and then adds, "Chase." "Well, Annabeth Chase," Percy says smoothly. "Don't take this the wrong way, but I hope we never have to do this again." Percy pokes Joy in her side, and she shrieks and twists away. "Come on, kiddo," he says. "Might as well get home. Say goodbye to Ms. Chase." "Goodbye, Ms. Chase," Joy says sweetly, in a way that might even be obnoxious if she wasn't so genuine. "Bye, Joy," Annabeth says softly. "Take care, okay?" she says, suddenly overcome with a fierce protectiveness. "We will," Percy says, and it sounds like a promise. — So basically this fic kicked my trash pjo ass and took over my entire life. The brunt of it is already written, and I'll be putting chapters up as they are edited or as it's requested. Trust me, this is only the beginning, oh god, I have so much in store. If your heart is willing, I would love to talk to you at my tumblr, emilyvidosa !