the book guiltily as Annabeth slides next to him. He should tell her. He really, really should tell her—he's been sitting on the knowledge for a full year now, and even without the colors, he's never been more certain about anything in his life. He finally understands what his mother had tried to teach him: that the colors don't make you fall in love, the colors come because you fall in love anyway. He's trying to figure out how, exactly, one goes about sharing this, but, as usual, Annabeth throws him off kilter. She says, "Happy birthday." "What?" he asks, blinking. His mind is in a million different places, and that was definitely not one of them. Of course, it makes sense, though. Prophecies are weird. "It's August 18," she says matter-of-factly, setting a cupcake down on the table. "You're birthday, right?" He doesn't say anything, probably because he's busy staring at the cupcake, which is a color that he has never seen before. Definitely a very different color than yellow and red and anything like them. Not a warm color, then; a cool color. Blue. The color doesn't solidify, like the red and the yellow did, but the cupcake doesn't fade back to gray, which means that it will soon enough. "Did you bake this yourself?" "Tyson helped." He smiles at the thought of them knocking around in the kitchen together, and wonders whose idea it was. "That explains why it looks like a chocolate brick," he says, "with extra blue cement." Honestly, he wasn't planning on calling attention to the color, and doesn't even realize he did it, until he sees Annabeth go stock still next to him. Then it dawns on him. There's no way to play it off, and it would be essentially pointless, anyway, so he figures this is it, then. The only minor complication is Annabeth's reaction, which is utterly silent and stone-faced. His mind races and his breathing shallows, trying to come up with a way to explain a little bit better, and then— Annabeth slams both her palms on the table and screeches in frustration, and then promptly bursts into tears. He turns to her in shock and horror, because no, this was certainly not the reaction he was hoping for. "Annabeth, what—" he stutters. "Why didn't you say something?" she wails, clapping her hands over her eyes. "Three years, three years, Percy, I thought we weren't a match, andthen you didn't even tell me—" "You've been seeing color for three years?" he demands, stunned, because, what? Who even colorbonds at thirteen, anyway? Annabeth stiffens slightly and seems to get ahold of herself. "Oh. Um. I mean, not exactly, but enough that I knew it was coming. Just… you know, flashes, here and there. I didn't really start seeing until last year." "Me too," he says softly. "Siren Bay," she whispers. "The water, just for a second—" "On the back of the hippocampus, the Golden Fleece—" "On Mt. Tam, and then again, later that night, on Olympus—" "The day before we left for the Labyrinth—" " In the Labyrinth, I saw blue, I was sure of it—" "And Mt. St. Helens," he breathes, "The lava, your hair—" "Your eyes!" "And then, in the Styx," "I know," she gasps. "I had a dream." They're facing each other, now, suddenly having gotten very close together, both of their chests heaving. The tear tracks have dried on her cheeks, but he sees fresh ones welling in her eyes. "I mean, you know, you could have said something," he says dryly. She laughs a choked laugh, and then bites her lip. "I didn't know… I wasn't sure if… and there was so much else going on…" "I know," he says, and it comes out as the barest whisper of breath between them. It's not a big deal to close the gap, and for all that it's massively monumental, it's the easiest thing in the world. Her arms curl around his neck, and he could probably stay like that forever, except then the world bursts into full color, and it stays this time. His heart throbs almost painfully in his chest, and Annabeth gasps, and he knows she's seeing the same thing he is. It's surreal and utterly captivating. The other campers choose that moment to storm the dining pavilion and carry them off, but it's okay, because her hand is warm in his and her cheeks are flushed pink and they're both laughing, and nothing can take that away from him right now. — The next morning finds them early, on the edge of the beach, staring out at the sunrise over the water, complete with two copies of Spectra Color Key. "Gods, it's… it's so many different colors," Annabeth breathes, watching the horizon. "I mean, look at that! It's gorgeous!" It is gorgeous, with all the oranges and pinks and yellows spilling out over the water, slowly taking over the inky blue of the night sky. Percy laughs quietly to himself. "What?" Annabeth demands, whipping her head around to glare at him. "Are we going to be that couple?" he asks. Annabeth gives him a withering look, but he only laughs harder when he sees her desperately flipping through the pages of Spectra Color Key to categorize the colors of the sunset. Annabeth closes the book and shoves at his shoulder weakly. "We colorbonded at sixteen, Percy," she says, laughing. "We're basically a teen romance novel. Might as well give into the cliché, you know?" She has a point there, he has to admit. And with Annabeth tucked under his arm, watching their first sunrise in color together over the water, he's the happiest he's ever been, even if it is a cliché. — I had an absolute field day with color theory, as you can probably tell. I love colors. I'm also an asshole that made Percy see blue last because I love irony. I'd love to talk to you on my tumblr, emilyvidosa!