and the effort sets you on fire or something … and then you take off on your own, again," Will adds, talking faster as he goes, building up his momentum. "I've heard kids about to age out brag about things half that impressive. And then apparently you were helping Percy on that whole Great Prophecy thing and got him the Curse of Achilles, probably not the first time you saved his life either, and then showed up at the Battle of Manhattan even stronger. And with your dad, and a whole army, and wearing that crazy armor and yelling at Kronos himself and - like, how did you even learn to fight like that?" Nico tries to cut in again, to correct him that No, it wasn't like all of that, I tricked Percy to get information from my dad, and had to make up for Midas, and.. But before he could cut in, Will continued with even energy. "And then you come back to Camp for a couple weeks or whatever before leaving again. Seriously. What kid does all of that stuff, more than anyone ever asked of him, and then has the option of staying here behind protected borders with whatever food he wants, and a cabin to himself, and all the training gear he could imagine, and pretty fantastic healthcare options if you ask me, but still chooses to leave? I mean, you might have a self-destructive streak, but I think there's more to it. From all that and the story you told me, your decisions all come from some sense of duty, a strict moral compass that convinces you that if it needs to be done you might as well be the one doing it so nobody else needs to worry or something. You weren't one of the Seven in the prophecy, you didn't need to risk anything there. In fact, you've never waited for the Oracle or one of the Romans' stuffed animals or whatever they use to tell you to go do something. It's crazy. And brave. And selfless. Who wouldn't be impressed?" Will stared at him, eyes blazing, and then seemed to realize that Nico had stopped arguing. He softened and looked out the window. "And then, all the stuff you did in the past couple months, Tartarus and the jar and shadow traveling to the point of almost disappearing," Will continued, quietly. "I don't think many of us could've come out on the other side of that sane. But somehow you're still so modest … and normal." Will sat back, and sighed, and pulled a small piece of his now-cold bagel off. Nico was trying to figure out how to respond - when Will put it all out like that, sure, it sounded great. But Nico knew all of the details in between, all of the times he ran away because he was angry or afraid or too proud, and did things because he wanted something out of it too, and Will couldn't understand all of that. That the past few years weren't about Nico being brave or selfless or whatever. Before he could say anything, Will spoke, almost to himself. "I mean, just look at Octavian. My nephew or whatever. What did he have, what did he go through, that made him turn out like that? So delusional and power hungry? I can't believe we were related. And the worst part is, I was glad to see him go. I've been around death, it's always lingering with what I do, but I've never felt so satisfied seeing someone die. What kind of healer am I, that I thought good riddance. I mean, I tried to talk him out of it, it was sort of an automatic response, but part of me was so angry at him for being close to Apollo, being my relative but so terrible, and I felt no sadness with his death…" Will trailed off and suddenly looked back up at Nico. "Sorry, I sort of got off on a tangent there," Will said, smiling sadly. "The Octavian thing has been bugging me. It's silly, we've been in a war and death happens and I don't know why his is sticking with me. Short story: you're stronger than you think you are." Nico just nodded. He wasn't sure what to say to Will about Octavian, because he sort of felt the same way. "It probably doesn't help much, coming from me, Death Boy or whatever you called me, but I don't think you're wrong to feel like that about Octavian. It's like he got all of the worst parts of Apollo and twisted them even more. And uh, thanks. For the pep talk," Nico said with a hint of a blush. Will cleared his throat. "Yeah, of course. Well, I guess I should wrap up those lacerations and get the rest of your admitting paperwork done. I promise I didn't make you come here so I could just ramble all day…" "Yeah, no, it's fine. I don't mind," Nico said with a half smile. Will cleared off the remaining fruit and finished his bagel in a couple bites while he went to wash up and get bandages. When he came back they sat in silence as he worked, Nico trying to come to terms with the way Will had described him, and thinking about Will's struggle with Octavian's death. Will was definitely more complex than Apollo, Nico decided. It was nice, in a way, to know that Nico hadn't been alone in his guilt about not feeling guilty about the augur. Will had him stand and took his blood pressure, height, and weight just through touch, quiet except for a quick and doctorly lecture about eating better. It seemed like Will had used up most of his words, and once Nico was back in his bed Will handed him the stack of books and gave him a sort of melancholy half smile before leaving Nico to his thoughts.