Although surely he wouldn't be that cruel? His response surprises her. "You really need to talk to him." "What?" she asks, pulling back sharply. "Why?" He smiles—soft, gentle, definitely not the ecstatic look she'd been expecting. "I'm serious, Annabeth. It's really not like you're thinking." "Well then what is it?" she asks, crossing her arms over her chest somewhat protectively. Magnus opens his mouth, and then closes it. "He explained everything to me, and I explained everything to him. And I would tell you, but—you should really hear it from him. Seriously, just talk to him." "Okay," she sighs, and then texts Percy the same answer. — She regrets it when she walks into English the next day. She feels like she's swallowing nails the entire time, positive that she can feel the weight of his gaze on the back of her neck. She promised she'd meet him near the back of campus after school, so she doesn't think she's giving mixed signals when she bolts out of English like a bat out of hell. She doesn't manage to put it out of her mind for the entirety of the next day, with increasing frustration. Her friends keep asking her what's wrong but Annabeth hasn't told them any of it, so she doesn't see the point in getting into it now. She gives up trying to pretend she's not flipping out eventually, and so is in full blown panic mode when the last bell rings. She finds Percy sitting alone at one of the picnic tables, and, giving herself a firm shake to clear her head, approaches slowly. "Hey," she says, berating herself for how stupid it sounds. Percy nods at her, then takes a deep breath. Hesitantly, Annabeth takes a seat next to him on the bench. "Magnus told me about your bet," he says. He doesn't quite look angry, just exasperated, and, if she's lucky, grudgingly fond. "Sorry about that," Annabeth says, a little breathily. It wasn't that she'd been planning to keep it a secret forever; she just thought they would maybe laugh about it a couple months later after they'd been dating for a while. She'd been hoping for that, at any rate, but she really should have known better. Percy rolls his eyes, a little irritated, but he's also smiling just a little bit as well, which makes Annabeth think that at the very least, he's not disgusted with her for placing bets on his personal life. "Believe it or not, I'm used to it," he sighs. Annabeth blinks. "Really?" "Comes with the territory," he says moodily. Annabeth has no idea what he's talking about, but it mostly sounds like he's talking to himself, so she doesn't ask for clarification. "Look, Annabeth," he says firmly, fixing her in place with those eyes. "The point is, I really like you." Annabeth's heartbeats still, before doubling up into overtime. "But what about Magnus?" she whispers. Percy winces. "Well, I really liked him, too. I know I was talking to you both at the same time, and I'm sorry for that. That was wrong of me." Funnily enough, Annabeth really hadn't looked at it that way. She'd never considered that maybe Percy had been entertaining and responding to both of them. "I just… I mean, I really do like you. And you know, it's not every day that a guy makes a move on me, so when it does happen, I like to at least take the time to consider it." Annabeth frowns. "But I mean… Magnus was right, wasn't he?" Percy laughs and shakes his head. "No. Well, partially. But no, I'm not gay." "But… but yesterday, your friends—" Percy cuts her off with a laugh, although she's not sure what's funny about it. "Is that what scared you off? I didn't even think you were listening." "Why did you think I left?" Annabeth demands, just a tad annoyed. "I thought you were mad that I'd been talking with your cousin over the last couple weeks," he says. "That does tend to annoy most people." "But I knew that from the beginning!" She protests. "Well, almost the beginning. I thought Magnus was just reading into it. He does that a lot, you know." "He wasn't reading into it," Percy says, shaking his head again. "I would never do that. I know how that feels. I still feel awful about it, but he seemed cool with it when I talked to him yesterday. I don't think he was really all that into me, just having fun, kinda like I was. You don't get a lot of opportunities to mess around with other guys that way." "I'm so confused," Annabeth admits finally, pressing her hands to her temples. "What do you mean he wasn't reading into it, if you're not gay?" Percy heaves another sigh and rolls his eyes heavenwards, definitely exasperated this time, but definitely grudgingly fond, as well. "I'm bi, Annabeth," he says dryly. Annabeth's hands fly up to her mouth. "Oh. Oh. I'm so sorry! I shouldn't have assumed," she rushes, horrified at her own ignorance. "No, you shouldn't have," he agrees, but then shrugs. "Like I said, comes with the territory. I forgive you. Of course, if you can forgive me for hitting on your cousin." Annabeth smiles slowly, along with the bright, happy feeling welling up in her chest. "Of course," she says breathlessly. And then, almost as an afterthought, she remembers to add, "I can let it slide. You know, because I really like you, too." "Oh, thank god for that," Percy says in relief. And then, his mouth tugs upwards in a little smirk. "I'd hate to think I'd been chasing the wrong Chase." Annabeth shoves him off the bench, but she thinks she can forgive him the horrible pun as he tugs her down with him for a kiss. — It really speaks to how much I love percabeth that this love triangle didn't work out the other way around adlasdfk;adk