the police about his encounter with ARROW. He tells them to back at his office by 10PM to take "The Hooded-Guy" down. "He was wearing a hood, a green hood, and he had a bow and arrow." The detectives look at each other. "What, you don't believe me?" He turns to pick up an object from his desk and shows them a green arrow. "That maniac put two of my men in the hospital." Detective Hilton takes the arrow. "Well, thanks for your statement. We'll put out an APB on..." he looks at the arrow then back at Hunt. "Robin Hood?" Hunt walks towards Detective Grace. "Hey, pal. I'm not some grocer who got taken for his register. I go to the front of the line. Now he said he would be back here by 10 P.M. Make sure you're here first. You can coordinate with Mr. Drakon, my new head of security." "All right. Well, uh, thanks for your time." They leave. Detective Hilton says to Grace. "It looks like Queen was telling the truth." "Yeah. Well, there's a first time for everything. This hooded guy comes looking for trouble, he'll find it." ~Outside the Jackson Mansion~ Percy is about to leave to his party. He opens the car door to find Grover waiting for him inside, ready to accompany him to the party. "Put on your seat belt, sir. Wouldn't want you to miss your party." Percy gets in and smiles in disbelief. He arrives at the party. As he descends the stairs, he brings out his phone and checks his timer: 9:07PM. 53 mins left for Adam Hunt to deliver. Leo sees him and ushers him in. He signals for the music to end. "Everybody, hey! Man-of-the-hour!" He says as the crowd cheers. "Whoo! And, ladies, please give this man a proper homecoming." The music plays as Percy approaches and climbs on the center stage. "Thank you very much, everybody!" Leo gives him a shot. "I missed Tequila!" He says as the crowd cheers. ~Hunt Multinational~ 9:25. Hunts' guards get ready and load their clips into their automatic weapons. Techno music is heard from outside. Hunt asks his guards. "What the hell's going on out there?" Drakon replies. "It's across the street. Party for the guy that got rescued off that island...Percy Jackson." Percy and Leo check out the girls. Grover stands in the background. Percy sees Thea get drugs from a strange guy. "Hey. Does he wipe for you, too? Now by my rough estimate, you have not had s*x in 1,839 days. As your wingman, I highly recommend Carmen Golden." "Which one is she?" "The one who looks like the chick from "Twilight." Percy asks Leo. "What's "Twilight"?" "You're so better off not knowing." Percy sees Thea. "Back in a minute." Grover follows him. Percy grabs Thea aside. "Percy, hey! This party is sick." "Who let you in here?" "I believe it was somebody who said, "Right this way, Miss Jackson." "Well, you shouldn't be here." "Uh, I'm not 12 anymore." "No. You're 17." "Percy, I-I love you, but you can't come back here and judge me, especially for being just like you." "I know that it couldn't have been easy for you when I was-away." "Away?" She chuckles. "No. You died. My brother and my father died. I went to your funerals." "No, you don't. Mom had Paul, and I had no one. You guys all act like it's cool, let's forget about the last 5 years. Well, I can't. For me, it's kind of permanently in there, so I'm sorry if I turned out some major disappointment, but this—me, is the best I could do with what I had to work with. Let's bounce." Percy is seen taking the drugs from Thea's pocket. A girl asks Thea. "You have the fun dip?" " 's right-No. I... I must have dropped it." Percy throws the drug in the trash. He proceeds to leave when he bumps into Thalia. "Oh! Oh. You're here." "Leo. He made the point that we have too many years between us to leave things the way we left them. Is there someplace quieter that we could go?" "Yeah." They walk over to the Observatory Floor. Thalia talks to Percy. "I'm sorry about saying that you should have been the one who died. That was wrong." Percy continues. "If I could trade places with her, I would." "About Sarah... there's something that I've been afraid to ask, but I need to know." "Ok." "When she died...did she suffer?" Percy gets a flashback . "No. Sarah!" She screams and is ripped away by the ocean. "No." He says. "I think about her every day." "Me, too." "I guess we still have one thing in common then. I can't believe I'm gonna say this, but...If you need someone to talk to about what happened to you, I'm here." Percy's cell phone vibrates. He checks his phone. 10:00PM-Account balance 0$. "Something wrong?" Thalia asks. "I asked somebody to do something. They didn't do it. Thalia...you always saw the best in me. Right now, that's what you're doing, looking at me, and you're wondering if that island changed me somehow, if it made me a better person. It didn't. Stay away from me. Otherwise...I'm just gonna hurt you again, but this time, it'll be worse. Gotta roll." He walks back from her. "I got 5 years of debauchery to catch up on." Hurt, she walks towards him angered. "You know what, Percy? You're wrong. That island did change you. At least now you're honest." She said as she leaves. In the service hallway, Grover asks Percy, "Something I can help you with, sir?" Percy turns around. "I just wanted a second to myself." "I would believe you, Mr. Queen, if you weren't so full of crap. Party's this way." He says motioning to the door. "It's locked." Grover goes to check and Percy puts him in a sleeper hold and immobilizes him. "Sorry about this."