all my adrenaline into that single movement, and charged at it. I wasn't running away, and I'd like to see what happens when I level up. A skill has been created! Charge Lvl 1 (0%) Put your adrenaline in it! Run with forward momentum! 50% increased speed 10% increased damage 5 SP per second I pushed the box away, preparing for my first strike. I didn't know what exactly I was doing, but hey, what's life without risks? I aimed the weak knife at a chink between its black armor, sharp utensil piercing its abdomen. 50/70 HP I scrambled to reality, using all my strength to try and pull away the knife for a second strike. Unfortunately, the zombie thing jerked its head in my direction, nearly blinding me with the horn on its helmet. Fortunately, the motion gave me enough momentum to pull the knife away. If took shallow breaths, heart beating fast. I'm trained for this. The warrior shrieked in agony, blue blood spilling from its abdomen. It came with its own attack, slashing a blade at me. I ducked and moved to his right, and stabbed again, this time in a spot below under his shoulder, exposed momentarily when he raised his sword again. 40/70 Yes. Whatever I did, it disabled his arm. He/it clutched he/it's arm in pain. I didn't know they hurt. In that moment, I froze. Was I doing the right thing? I was the aggressor here, and the first to attack. Did they want to attack me at all? They never harmed me. It was with this moment that he charged, slamming into my chest, making me land on my back. Take that back. Without thinking, I tried the only thing that came to my mind. I pulled off his helmet, putting my feet on his shoulders as support. I yet again pulled out my knife, stabbing it in its head, weaving through the white hair that cascaded out of the helmet. 20/70 2/70 +10 XP Through repeated use, a skill has been created! Relentless strike Lvl 1 (0%) Unleash a flurry of quick melee strikes. The higher the level, the better the bonuses. +50% attack speed Uses 20 SP I looked at my SP bar. It was recovering pretty slowly from my previous actions. SQUAK! I looked towards… the bloody mess Lauren had made. Companion kill! 10xp for all! Okay, I was now at 30/100 xp. I'm really taking killing zombies better than I should be, right? My sanity was at 2/100. It's low right now, but I have a feeling it's going to increase at a higher rate soon. Looking down at Lauren, who landed at my side for attention, she pecked the dead warrior's helmet, where a horn sat. "There's no way I can do that!" SQUAK! Alright, here goes nothing. Deciding detaching the horn by just pulling on it wouldn't work, I picked up the helmet, holding my breath from the terrible smell and the flies that was slowly gathering above the corpses. Then, I smashed the living fuck out of it against the wall. The horn came off, of course. It was retrieved through my great intelligence . 4/10 Sadly Lauren believed having multiple of the same decoration isn't enough to progress further in the quest. I progressed further down the hallway, not sure what I was doing. I eventually came across a door on my left, which was unfortunately chained on the other side. Fortunately, beside it was a rack of shoes. I simply picked the best one (well, the only one that fit) Leather boots +2 defense to feet. Foot ware of ancient villagers, these leather boots aren't the best, but they'll do. Sell Price: 1 silver I put them on, scrubbing the surface of my aching feet against the boots first to clean them. Surprisingly, they weren't really dusty at all. Taking a few trial runs, I looked back at the other shoes. They were too big, but they still had sale value… If that meant anything at all. If only there was a way to store them… You're such a hoarder. "Inventory?" "Box" "storage." "Magical plane of existence to store items?" "vault?" I decided to put down the idea of an inventory for now. I didn't notice before, but there was a skill for my [observe]. Observe Lvl 3 (34%) It simply levelled up by inspecting certain items. Inspecting the "dungeon" itself gave the same description when I entered it, and observing the environment didn't do much. So, I ran down the hallway, with the intention of using that 'charge' skill. I used observe on the skill itself. Charge Lvl 1 (36%) Run forward with the intention of killing, causing higher damage to enemies, but increased consumption of stamina. Note: If [Charge] is learned before [Sprinting], the [Sprinting] and [Jogging] skill cannot be learnt. +10% increased damage (+20% when stabbing) 5 Stamina consumed per second Just as I was getting around to figuring out the mechanics of the skill, this happened. For surviving that dangerous ass situation, take +1 to END, STR, and DEX! "Wow! Thanks man!" No problem, bruh! I smirked, wiping the screen away. This is the beginning to a beautiful partnership . On another note, I can't sprint. Not that I can't , but there is only [Charge]. When I try to sprint, [Charge] activates. You can tell that it is active right now. Charge Lvl 1 (36%) - Active 5 Stamina consumed per second "Charge!" With that, I dashed off further into the dungeon. A:N/ How do you like it? On that note, I need a couple of things from you, the reader. Vote for the pairing in a poll on my profile. Choices are Zoe Piper Annabeth Review. Just tell me some honest criticism. Flames accepted. Check out my other story, Dragon Soul . (Assuming that you haven't) Thank you for reading this. Next chapter should be up in around a few days. I think March 26 or 27.