sat down next to Annabeth. "So...what's your favorite thing about the school so far?" I heard Hades ask Demeter. "The dorms. They're so big!" Demeter said, gesturing with her hands. "What about you Hera?" "The peacocks. They're so bright and colorful!" Hera perked up. "And you?" Hera nudged Hestia. "The beautiful fountains. They are so intricately designed!" Hestia sighed. "What do you like, Persephone?" "Huh?" I jolted, realizing that I had to say something that I liked about the school. "I guess it would be the gardens, and all the types of flowers there." I decided. I did like the gardens, after all I saw them on the way to the cafeteria. "What do you like about the academy, Hades?" I stared at him. "I guess-" He was cut off when the food arrived. Was it me, or did he look relieved? "Oh look, the food's here!" Aphrodite said, looking up from her makeup, only to state the obvious. Hades thanked the waiter, and took out the plates, with our name on the side of the dishes. We each grabbed our own dish and started eating it. It was actually good, for a cafeteria dinner. "So, what do you like?" I asked Hades. At that, everyone at our table stopped any type of conversation and turned towards him. "Um...the education?" He replied, uncertainly. "What about you, Athena?" "The education! It's really good!" She gushed. "What about you, Artemis?" "It's the all-girls 'Hunt' program, that alot of my friends joined. I'm the president and Zoe is the vice-president." She told us. "We go and do archery and all that stuff. You might like it." She said to Thalia, who was wearing a archery shirt. What do you like about the academy, Thalia?" "I guess it'll be the largeness. It's intriguing, I do like archery." She said. "What about you, Aphrodite?" "I like all the couples. Like..." She trailed off, looking at me and Hades. "And you?" She nodded at Ares. "The gym classes!" He roared. "And you, Hephaestus?" He smirked. "The forges." Hephaestus told us. And then nodded at Percy. "I think I will enjoy swimming." He said, and turned to Annabeth. "You?" "Education." Annabeth said, as she finished eating and took out a book. "I guess I'll go." Juniper said. "I love the nature, especially trees and plants." "I love the water." Leuce said. At that, a groan sounded from Hades, Hecate, Athena and the people in our group that had been here for longer than a a year. "What's wrong?" I asked Hades. "Menthe, the school slut." Athena answered. "Literally the only person that openly flirts with Hades." I craned my neck, to see a curly green-haired girl. "She kind of looks like you in the hair department." I said to Juniper. "She's my sister." Juniper sighed, as the new arrivals at our tables gaped at her. I turned my attention to Menthe, and saw her scanning the tables. When she turned at my direction, I saw that she had green eyes. Hades pulled me down. "Don't let her see me." He hissed, ducking under the table. I ducked too, just as Menthe started walking towards our table. "Rats!" Hades said, turning quiet when Menthe approached. "Where's Hades?" She asked Juniper. 'How mean!' I thought. She didn't even bother saying hello to her sister. "I have no idea." Juniper lied, I felt bad for chickening out and going under the table, but I couldn't risk her finding Hades. Speaking of him, I felt him pass me a note. Did you finish dinner? I did. I nodded. If yes, I think we should leave a note with the others and escape. If no, well... I guess I'll escape. "I finished eating." I whispered, leaning over. He nodded, and pointed to the other side of the table. I wrote a small note to the others and headed over to the other side. When we got out from under the table, we raced towards the doors. Once outside, we ran up the stairs, and the second we reached the fifth floor, we stopped, bursting out laughing. "Well now, we Juniper really might not know where we are." He joked, but once he realized we were on his floor, he paled. "Do you want to go to your room?" "Sure." I nodded. We raced up the next step of stairs, and entered my room, with me flopping on Aphrodite's bed. He, on the other hand, gracefully sat in one of the chairs. "That was close." He sighed, closing his eyes, as I walked over and sat next to him. "Thanks." He added. "No problem." I actually thought that it was weird, running from people I didn't know. "So... who is Menthe?" I asked. "I think you already know that she's Juniper's sister, but she is far more annoying than Juniper." He told me. "Menthe is also on the cheer-leading squad, like Juniper and Leuce, but Leuce is an Oceanid in ranks while Menthe and Juniper are dryads in rank. Therefore, Leuce is in the lower rank." It took me a while to understand that. "Who are the queen bees here?" I wondered, back at my old school there were a lot of popular mean people. "Menthe, Nancy Bobofit, and for the boys: Zeus, Poseidon, Matt Sloan and Octavian." He sighed. "There are a few more, but those are the most involved with me. Menthe as the one who flirts with me, Octavian, Nancy and Matt are bullies that annoy me to no end and you know of the other two." Yes, I did. They were Hades' brothers after all. "I'm tired." Hades said. "I think I'll go back to my room." When he left, I jumped onto my bed, and fell asleep. A/N: So, how's THAT as a start? I'm up for title ideas though. I can't seem to find one. The title I chose is kind of boring. Oh right! This will kind of be middle school-ish as I'm in middle school.