shifting Leo on his lap. "Have you rescheduled the wedding yet?" Reyna's smile turned sweet and she got that little shine in her eyes that was only there whenever Annabeth was mentioned. "Yeah. We are going to put it together for next month. As crazy as it sounds, we're both happier that it got postponed. Our backyard is finally finished, the garden as well, so we get to have the wedding there instead of at the dog park." "Why would you have it at the dog park to begin with?" Her dark eyes narrowed and Leo tried to hide in Frank's chest. "Because, Valdez , that's where we met. She got tangled up in Aurum's and Argentum's leashes. It was romantic and Annie loved the idea." Her eyes softened. "She likes the idea of having the wedding in our backyard even better, now that she can see what I had planned with the garden." Leo was eager to get away from her when the doorbell rang again. "Percy!" Was the only warning his friend got before he was tackled. If it hadn't been for Jason's arm around his waist, both Percy and Leo would have been sent tumbling to the ground. "Leo! Ow. Off, too much pressure." The words came out mumbled and reluctantly. Percy didn't like admitting that he was still in pain, even if the doctors had warned him the pain would be there for the coming months, especially given that Percy had rushed through physical therapy. He hated hospitals. His mother had died in one and he planned to be in them as little as possible following his discharge. The Latino jumped back. He smiled sheepishly at his friend before looking down at his feet. "Sorry Percy. I forget." He ran a nervous hand through his hair. Snorting, Percy patted Leo's head. "Get rid of the frown. I know you didn't mean to hurt me. You never do." He smiled, grateful when he received one in return. "Don't just stand out in the cold." Hazel appeared from the kitchen, wiping her hands on a towel. "Jason, get your boyfriend inside. He doesn't need to be standing so much." Percy flushed at the way she stressed the word 'boyfriend'. His eyes shot around frantically until he caught Leo's. 'Did you tell her?' 'Sorry.' Was his response and all Percy could do was glower. Jason had a problem being mad at him, but Percy was in the same boat as Hazel and Frank. Whenever Leo put on such a pitiful face, it was impossible to be angry with him. Instead of focusing on what would be a long night with Hazel on his case, he let Jason lead him to a chair, happily settling down on his lover's lap. Lover . Hazel would smack him if she heard that term used rather than boyfriend. It didn't matter if Percy had only recently met her, Hazel had become a fast friend. Everyone in Jason's little group had become his friends. They had all accepted him and babied him and for the first time Percy didn't feel uncomfortable with a group of people. "I heard you cursed out the cow," Reyna commented absently, pulling Annabeth to sit beside her. Percy grinned and shrugged. "Thalia helped. That girl has a way with words, you know?" "I do. Other than Jason, Thalia also falls into my best friend category. She and I made a point of making Hera's life hell. Probably why the cow hates me." "Hey!" Jason snapped, watching both Reyna and Percy raise eyebrows at him. "I don't care how much of a cow Hera is. The bitch has a homing signal whenever someone talks about her. I don't want her showing up here." Both snorted and shook their heads at him, Reyna adding a "Weakling". "I'm not weak. I just don't want her to ruin our fun." Reyna rolled her eyes. "Whatever you say." In response to this, Jason pouted and buried his face in Percy's neck. Smiling, Percy pet his hair. "Ignore her. I love you Jase, so does Rey. Though, she's being bitchy about it at the moment." Jason smiled against his neck. "Love you too Perce." "Hmf." Hazel cleared his throat, hands securely on her hips as Percy met her stare. "So, are you boyfriends now? Am I finally allowed to tease Jason about having a boyfriend ?" Percy shook his head and Jason muttered something along the lines of, "Not my boyfriend." "What do you mean? You just confessed your love for one another. How can you not be boyfriends after that!?" Before Hazel could go into a full rant, Annabeth leaned over. She took Percy's hand. "When did you get the ring?" Instantly, Percy's face flushed red and he stuttered on his words. He shouldn't be surprised that Annabeth would be the first to notice. She was his best friend, had been for years, but it still caught him off guard. "Last night. Was waiting for the right moment to tell you." "Ring?" Hazel rushed over, grabbing Percy's left hand and examining it. "No way. Does this mean...?" "Yep." Jason grinned, arms tightening around his lover's waist. "And, Haze? Using the term boyfriend would be a bit inappropriate. Percy here is my fiancee . Boyfriend would be a downgrade for him. Hey." Both Percy and Hazel smacked him. "What happened to be nice to your guests?" "Doesn't count when they're being arrogant." Percy pecked Jason's lips. "Be nice to Hazel. She's just being a mother hen. Wants to make sure you know your manners so you'll be good to me." Jason rolled his eyes and buried his face in Percy's neck again. "Yes love. Whatever you say." The smile Percy gave him made his heart speed up. Again, Jason was reminded on how lucky he was to have answered that phone call. Many things had changed since then, but he wouldn't want it any other way. Life wouldn't be complete without his Percy in it.