wall, Annabeth smirked. If she had known it would be this easy to get a rise out of Clarisse like this, she would have done it sooner. Clarisse hoisted the blonde on the wall, between the other's legs, right hand grabbing the waistband of the blonde's white underwear, pulling it down to the grey eyed warrior's knees-just enough for the other demigod's womanhood to be exposed. Clarisse stared intensely into Annabeth's eyes. Annabeth looked smug. "Go on," She goaded, "I'm yours aren't I? So prove it. Stake your claim, daughter of Ares." Clarisse grinned like a wolf. Annabeth probably predicted this. Children of Ares and children of Athena often reacted similarly to challenges. "You're going to regret saying that." The brown haired demigod snorted, right hand roughly palming Annabeth's left covered breast, rewarded with a gasp and a buck of the blonde's hips. Clarisse's dark brown eyes narrowed down at Annabeth's golden haired groin, "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm hungry." Annabeth almost didn't register the other demigod's words until Clarisse nudged her legs further apart and leaned her head down, tongue swiping out and licking the slight moisture from Annabeth's clit. Annabeth threw her head back and cried, body thrusting upwards and then back against the cabin's interior. There was a pleased growl from Clarisse at Annabeth's response. She kept sliding her tongue up and down, up and down against the blonde's clit, smirking as the fruits of her labor was given to her with each impassioned thrust of muscled, tan scarred hips and ragged gasps and hands clasping onto her shoulders digging in, trying to push the brunette in deeper. "So good, Anna," Clarisse husked out as she kept licking, tongue starting to slip every now and then against the blonde's soaked vulvae, getting a scream from the demigod in question, "You taste so fucking good. Did Piper taste you like this? Then again, can't really blame her. Who wouldn't, given the chance? You taste like nectar and ambrosia, you taste like how I bet the waters in Elysium will taste. I could fucking suck you dry all day. And then fuck you good and hard some more." Annabeth whimpered, feeling herself becoming soaked. She wanted to be disgusted by how Clarisse was speaking but she just loved it when Clarisse talked to her while they were having sex. She loved it when the brunette talked dirty. She loved it when Clarisse was dominant with her. Clarisse was her safe haven, her home. She gasped as Clarisse's tongue went inside her cunt, eyes rolling into her head. "Clariiiii-aaaah!" Came the shriek from Annabeth, her hips beginning to gyrate harder. Clarisse wickedly turned and twisted her tongue inside the blonde, both hands now up to Annabeth's chest, one hand cupping each clothed breast and squeezing the nipples gently. Clarisse thrust and thrashed her tongue around, deliberately moving her tongue up against the blonde's clitoris, almost growling in deep satisfaction when Annabeth screamed louder, body careening around against the wall. The blonde's cries turned into grunts as her hips thrust up one last time, stiffening and her eyes rolled up into the back of her skull. Finally, the daughter of Athena collapsed against the wall, slowly sagging downwards. Clarisse pulled out from between her legs, gathering the blonde up in her arms and carried the other demigod to their bed. She gently put the daughter of Athena down on the bed. Her right hand, now free lifted and ran through Annabeth's golden bangs. Annabeth smiled up at her lover. "I'm sorry," Clarisse said, "Did I hurt you?" Annabeth shook her head. You would never hurt me. The unspoken words rang between them. They didn't need to say it, they both knew the truth of it. "I'm sorry too," Annabeth said, eyeing Clarisse, "I love you. I would never leave you, I swear on the Riv-" A powerful hand snapped over Annabeth's mouth, covering it and keeping the blonde from finishing that sentence. "Don't say it." Clarisse hissed, making Annabeth's grey eyes go wide at how the other warrior's voice shook and how uncharacteristically frightened those brown eyes of Clarisse's were, "Don't. I love you. You won't risk your life, just because I'm scared you'll leave. I won't let you say it." After a couple of moments, when Clarisse stared at Annabeth's face and made sure the blonde wouldn't say it, she removed her hand. Clarisse eyed Annabeth, making extra sure the other demigod wouldn't say those terrible words, she started speaking again, "You will not sleep with either Thalia or Piper again. I won't try to keep you from them. I know they're your friends but you're mine. I will never let you go. I meant it before and I mean it now. You belong to me, just like I belong to you." She lowered them both to the floor, pushing Annabeth to her side and she laid down next to her, left hand coming up and smoothing the blonde's hair gently. Annabeth closed her eyes and leaned forward, tilting her head up, kissing Clarisse's forehead. (My Clarisse.) Annabeth thought to herself lovingly as she pressed her forehead against her lover's, (My dear Clarisse. I hurt you. I'm sorry.) Clarisse said many times before that she forgave her, but it always hurt remembering what she did to the larger demigod, and Clarisse loved her so much….. Annabeth inhaled, knowing she was going to sound like a broken record again, but she had to apologize. "I'm sorry, Clarisse. I'm so sorry." Clarisse smiled. One of those rare genuine, beautiful smile that she only showed when she was near someone she loved dearly. She moved forward and they embraced. "I know Frank and Jason are training and asked me to join them," Annabeth said quietly into Clarisse's neck, "But I just want to stay here, like this for a while." Clarisse chuckled, hugging Annabeth tighter, "That, I can definitely live with." Hope you liked it. Again, no flames or homophobic comments, please.