when Leo Valdez and Calypso come from around the corner, wrapped in each other's arms. Leo is in the middle of whispering something in Calypso's ear, causing her to giggle. She turns to say something to Leo, but sees Nico and Rachel staring right at them. Embarrassed at being caught, she softly coughs to get Leo's attention, who was in the middle of attempting to place kisses on her neck. He looks up and notices Nico and Rachel. "Um…hi." Leo said awkwardly. He looks between Rachel and Nico, and takes in Nico's disshelved appearance and the fact they were standing close together. Leo wags his eyebrow. "I'm not interrupting anything, am I? Cause we can find somewhere else to go if you guys are busy." Calypso slaps Leo on the shoulder, shushing him before he could embarrass all of them further. "I was actually on my way out. Just saying goodbye to Nico." Rachel said, moving away from the bannister. She reaches and gives Nico a hug, causing him to freeze up. It had been so long since he had been hugged (or voluntarily been on the receiving end of physical contact) that he had no idea how to act or what to do. After a moment, his arms wrapped around her in an slightly awkward embrace. She leaned her head close to his ear and whispered, "I meant what I said. If you ever want to talk, you know how to contact me." She gives him a small peck on the cheek and breaks the hug. She turns and gives a small smile to Leo and Calypso before walking away from the terrace and back into the building. Leo looks at Nico, a questioning look on his face. "What was that all about?" Nico, still staring at where Rachel exited, is shaken out of his thoughts by Leo's voice. "…nothing." Nico said, before walking the same direction Rachel went, leaving Leo and Calypso alone on the terrace. He needed more alcohol. Nico awoke the next morning to sound of loud knocking. He groaned as he sat up, belatedly realizing he had somehow made his way back to his apartment in Brooklyn, took off his clothes (leaving his black boxer briefs on, of course), and crashing haphazardly into his bed. He knew he shouldn't have drank that much. His hangover was killing him, and the incessant knocking on his front door wasn't making things easier. He cocooned his pillow around his head, hoping to muffle the sound of the door while hoping his inaction would cause whoever was knocking to go away. He should have known that that would have been too easy. "Nico? Open up!" Jason said from the other side of the door, pounding his fist on it a few more times. "I know you're in there." Jason was getting ready to bang on the door again when a sour-looking Nico opened the door. "Could you seriously shut the fuck up? I feel like there's a bulldozer in my head right now." Nico said. Jason made a pained sigh and covered his eyes. "Dude, put some clothes on. My mind is getting scarred right now." Nico gives him a look of confusion before looking down at himself. He blushed when he realized that he unknowingly opened the door wearing only his boxer briefs. He cursed and quickly ran back into his apartment, slamming the door behind him. Jason uncovers his eyes and patiently stood in front of the door for a few moments, before a disshelved (but fully dressed) Nico reopens the door, looking a bit embarrassed. "Sorry about that…it was a rough night." Nico said, opening the door to let Jason in, closing the door behind him. Jason turned around and gave Nico a glance over, taking note of his torn-up appearance and red eyes. "I'm guessing you didn't take the news of Percy and Annabeth's upcoming nuptials quite so well?" Jason said. Nico glared at him. "What the hell do you think?" Jason sighed and took a seat next to Nico. "You're going to have to deal with it. One way or the other. It's destroying you, man." "You sound like Rachel." Nico muttered. Jason gave him a look. "And you know this how?" "…we talked." Nico finally said after a moment of silence. Jason just looked at him, as if waiting for Nico to spill more details. "What?" Nico said, annoyance seeping into his tone. Jason shrugged. "Nothing…it's just, out of all people, Rachel Dare was not one I could see bonding with a demigod. Not after…" He suddenly clammed up. Nico, an expert on reading body language, picked up on it. "Not after what? It is something about her not being the Oracle anymore?" Jason shook his head. "Not my story to tell. I really don't even know the full details anyway, but…you should talk to her." Nico scoffed. "Why? So she can make fun of me? The sexually confused demigod who's harbored a gay crush on one straight boy since he was a teenager? No thanks." "She may have more in common with your situation than you may think." Jason said, before looking at the clock and realizing what time it was. "And now I'm late. Sorry I can't stay, but Piper made plans and I just wanted to check on you. See how you were holding up. I'll stop by later, yeah?" "Yeah. Yeah." Nico sighed as Jason nodded and got up to leave. "And Jason?" Jason turned around, a questioning look on his face. "Yeah?" "About the Rachel thing…I'll think about it." Nico said, looking as if it pained him to even utter those words. Jason smiled him widely. "That's all I ask. Have a good day, Nico. Hope you sleep that hangover off." He said, before turning back around and exiting the apartment, door slamming behind him. Nico sighed as he slumped back into his chair, his head in his hands. It was going to be a long fucking day.