warm, now soaked cunt. Annabeth cried out, arms winding around Clarisse again in an almost steel grip, as she bucked against the brunette's hand. Clarisse kept thrusting her fingers hard into Annabeth's tight heat, adding a fourth finger carefully, forcing another scream from the daughter of Athena's throat as whole body careened and twisted against her own muscled person. Clarisse palmed Annabeth's clit, fingers penetrating hard continually as her tongue swirled around the segment of Annabeth's neck her mouth was fixed over. She heard Annabeth's breathing hitch higher and higher. Clarisse opened her mouth and leaned close to the blonde's ear as she kept twisting and thrusting, "I love you, Annabeth. I love you no matter what. But I'm going to tell you this now. You will never do it again. Never. I love you. And I won't let you go. I. Love. You." As she finished her sentence, Clarisse angled her hand, wringing Annabeth's clit and curling her fingers against the blonde's inner walls. Annabeth came to her climax hard, head thrown back, back arching in Clarisse's grasp, lower torso riding the brunette's powerful hand as her pleasure made her whole body quiver and crumple, sagging in Clarisse's arms as the last of her orgasm passed, eyelids fluttering as her arms fell limp on the bed at her and Clarisse's sides. Clarisse parted her mouth from Annabeth's neck and looked down at the exhausted daughter of Athena, still holding her tightly as she removed her hand from the blonde's sheath. She wrapped her arm around Annabeth to join the other one, now holding her steadily. She watched the daughter of Athena with reverence and adoration as she spoke her next words, knowing she meant them, "I forgive you, Anna." Annabeth's grey eyes snapped open suddenly and she stared in awe at her lover, mouth parting in shock. Clarisse smiled at her mate's stunned expression. Annabeth finally lunged up and hugged Clarisse, despite her sapped strength and nestled her face into the dark haired woman's throat, tears beginning to well in her eyes. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Clarisse. What I did…..I-" She started choking out before Clarisse interrupted her. "Shh, Anna," Clarisse growled gently, "What did I say? I said 'I forgive you.' I meant it too. I love you. Now shut it and get to sleep, wise girl. We're both tired, and it's way past one o'clock in the freaking morning. Get some sleep. I'll be here when you wake up." Annabeth all but cried out in happiness against Clarisse's neck. Though weak and tired, Annabeth wanted to give Clarisse at least some of the happiness that the daughter of Ares had given her. Her still fairly faltering hands rose to Clarisse's shoulders and slid between her and the brunette's bodies, her hands cupping Clarisse's breasts. The brunette gasped, body convulsing for a moment before her hands went to Annabeth's hips again and pulled the blonde away, forcing the smaller demigod to look at her and release the daughter of Ares's bosom. The brown haired warrior eyed Annabeth. "Anna," Clarisse said in a tone that had the blonde's immediate attention, "I told you to go to sleep. You can return the favor later, but right now, I want you to get to sleep. Right now I just want to hold you while we're sleeping." Clarisse's words were gentle, but Annabeth heard a specific tone that hurt to hear. Vulnerability. Clarisse's words were gentle and strong but there was an underlying edge of fragility. Annabeth winced again. Yes, Clarisse forgave her, but there was going to be doubt lingering in Clarisse's mind for a long time. It would be a very long time before Clarisse could feel like she could trust her again, and Annabeth knew it. She knew that she earned that doubt because of what she had done with Piper and Thalia. Annabeth nodded, accepting Clarisse's desires. Clarisse nodded back, grabbing Annabeth's left leg and swinging it over her lap so that Annabeth was now sitting sideways on her lap, facing one of the cabin's walls, her left shoulder and side up against Clarisse's chest as the daughter of Ares wrapped her arms again around the blonde, holding her there and resting her chin on Annabeth's golden haired head. She moved backwards with Annabeth on her lap so that her back was propped up against the headboard of the bed and the back wall behind it, allowing her to rest against them as Annabeth rested against her brawny form. She kept her arms around Annabeth's naked form like metal bands keeping the blonde on her lap, afraid the wise girl would get up and leave at any moment. Annabeth snuggled into Clarisse's clothed left shoulder. Clarisse had every right to be afraid that she'd leave. Her fears weren't groundless at all. Clarisse forgave her. She didn't know how but the daughter of Ares forgave her. If that was the case, then maybe one day she could forgive herself too, though she wasn't sure that would ever be. How could she possibly forgive herself when Clarisse tone wavered like that? Or when Clarisse held her like this ; like she was afraid of giving her even one opening or even loosening her arms for even a second because she feared her leaving? Annabeth sighed in her lover's grasp. Maybe Clarisse could forgive her, but she could never forgive herself, not ever. Perhaps that alone was worse punishment than anything Clarisse could do to her. She couldn't prevent a sniffle from passing her lips and Clarisse soothed her, hushing her and whispering for her to get to sleep. Soon, Annabeth found her vision going black, and she was asleep as Clarisse had pleaded for her to be. Well, I hope you enjoyed that. Yes, as you may have guessed if you read "Nightmare," they do survive this and they do have a life together, so don't worry. Once again, any homophobic comments will be deleted, so no flaming or anything.