the waiting room, Annabeth was whisked away, and Percy sat down dejectedly in one of the hard plastic chairs. His house-warming party had not gone according to plan. Poisoning the prettiest girl at the party had not been on the to do list. Percy wiggled his fingers absently. Her hand was unfairly soft. After what felt like days—but was probably more along the lines of three hours—of uncomfortable chairs, switching positions, and reading the subtitles of the sitcom that was playing, Annabeth finally emerged. Some more of the natural rosiness had returned to her cheeks, and she was smiling slightly. She walked straight towards him, a surprised expression flitting across her face. "You waited for me." "Did you think I'd leave without you?" Annabeth shifted, biting her lip. "I'm not sure. I mean, I thought you might want to go back to take care of your party." Percy grinned, relief hitting him like a brick. "Well, I was the one who almost killed you. Seemed appropriate that I should wait for you." Annabeth smiled and bumped his shoulder affectionately. "I'm going to stick around and annoy you for a little longer." "I should hope so." Together they walked back outside into the chilly November air. Snowflakes drifted lazily from the inky sky, and Percy couldn't help but watch mesmerized again as they caught and pooled in Annabeth's golden curls. And somehow, her hand ended up back in his, and she leaned sleepily against him as he led them back to the car. The drive home was quieter and sleepier than the drive there. Annabeth told him how she had waited a lot, been tossed around doctors, and eventually given a small prescription of pills to stop the anaphylaxis from flaring up again. After a few minutes she fell silent, and leaned back against the seat, her eyes closed. Percy couldn't help but look over at her every few minutes, wondering if she was awake or asleep. He wanted to touch her cheek, and see if it was as soft as it looked. Eventually they were pulling back into the garage of the parkade, and Annabeth was blinking her eyes open again. She yawned, slowly unbuckling her seatbelt. She looked like a sleepy toddler, and Percy took her hand on instinct to prevent her from falling down. When she smiled at him sleepily, he couldn't resist giving her hand just a little squeeze. "You missed your floor," Percy pointed out as the elevator rumbled skyward. "Mmmm, I know," said Annabeth. "I wanted to say goodbye to you at your apartment." Percy couldn't help the little butterflies that flitted around in his stomach. They stepped out of the elevator when it dinged at Percy's floor. The hall was dark and quiet. It was far past two in the morning, and everyone had gone home, leaving the hallway silent. They got a strong whiff of cleaner as they walked, which made Annabeth giggle for some reason. Within a few minutes, they reached the door to Percy's apartment. "Well," said Percy awkwardly. "This is my apartment." Annabeth nodded, trying to conceal the smirk that crept onto her lips. "I noticed." Percy didn't answer, but instead found himself staring into her eyes. They were a thunderstorm sort of grey, swimming with specks of blue. They watched him carefully, wondering what he would do next. He finally brought his hand up to her cheek, happy to find that it was just as soft as he imagined. He felt reassured when she didn't pull away, and then suddenly they were leaning in and… Annabeth jerked away, leaving Percy's palm cold and a sinking feeling in his stomach. "Oh, quit looking like a hurt puppy-dog." Annabeth rolled her eyes. "I'll still kiss you, doofus, just, like, brush your teeth or something first. You ate those cookies, too. And I've had more than enough trips to the ER for one night." Percy grinned sheepishly. "Right, sorry. You, um, want to come in?" Annabeth followed him into the apartment, and Percy rushed to the bathroom, where he brushed his teeth harder and longer than he had ever brushed them before. A few minutes brought him back into the living room, where Annabeth was sitting on the couch trying not to doze off. She opened her eyes as he came in. "You took your time." He sat down on the couch and took her hands, his smile teasing. "Well, I had to be thorough. Not taking you back to the ER tonight." "Glad to hear it," said Annabeth, and she leaned in. Their first kiss was short, sweet and gentle. They broke apart quickly and stared at each other for a moment of complete silence. Percy took one of her curls and rolled it in his fingers, pulling it and watching it bounce back. A smile stretched across her face and she gently touched his cheek. "You are such a nutcase." Percy grinned impishly. "Wouldn't that make you allergic to me?" Annabeth sent him a mischievous smirk. "I think I'll risk it." She leaned back in. AN: Hello my friends! I do hope that you've enjoyed this silly little AU that I wrote. I myself have a nut allergy, and through I have yet to actually go into anaphylaxis (which is basically where your throat closes up, if you weren't sure), I know the horrors of nut allergies. Or any allergies. If any of you out there are allergy buddies with me, here is a virtual hug. We are strange mutants. My thanks to the lovely WritingManiac for her terrific beta-ing skills. Anyways, I hope you got a laugh out of my small story. Leave me a review and tell me what you thought, because I happen to be very fond of reviews. They never fail to make me smile. Have a lovely day, friends. If you feel like checking out any more of my stuff, I'd reccomend my full length story, Childhood. I update that somewhat infrequently. I try. -GGW