to focus on him. "You're the only one who has never been afraid. I left you alive!" "I'm going to sleep. Goodnight my shadow angel." His eyes closed. His Dark Angel Percy hissed and jumped back from the light. He glared out at the sun, sneering at it before looking down at his hand and nursing the slight burn. Within minutes, the burn had healed and he, again, tried to step into the light of day, only to have the cycle repeated. He wanted out of this stone room he awoke in what must have been hours before. The problem was this idiotic sunlight was stopping him and he could not understand why. It shouldn't hurt him! It had never hurt him before...he assumed. A dark chuckle echoed off the walls. With instincts that he could not remember having, Percy spun around, eyes wide, as he searched for the source of the sound. His body had slipped into a defensive crouch, fingers curled similar to claws, and teeth bared. Percy's eyes fell on a man, a beautiful man with a mess of curls that seemed to blend out from the shadows. A dark angel? What was it doing here, of all places? The man let out a sigh, walking away from his shadows and stopping in front of Percy. He roughly grabbed the teen's chin and tilted it up until their eyes meet. The angel's jaw was set. "I...I had wished you would have been like I was, or like Bianca was, or even as Thalia was. I had been convinced you would remember your own past. You could not be like those...beings that my creator was forced to destroy." Expression pained, the dark angel released Percy's chin and took a step away. "It seems I was wrong." That pained expression on his shadow angel's face caused Percy's chest to grow heavy with what he could only describe as sadness. The teen let out a whine as he watched the dark man skirted around the sunlight, looking as if he would leave, and then physically stepping into it. "No." He reached out for his shadow angel—Nico?—and tried to follow, only to jump back with a hiss, having to nurse his burnt hand. "I knew there was something special about you, ever since I spared you as a child. After all, you did not scream. Most children scream when they see me, because of the stories," he let out a humorless laugh, "Everyone will scream and run when they see me. But not you," Nico's midnight eyes seemed to stare through his physical appearance, into his soul. "You never ran. You took your kitten and skipped back joyfully to your home. Why must you be so strange? Why can you not be strange now? Why can you not be that miracle I expected you to be?" He stepped toward the teen and Percy refused to step back or look away from his eyes. Suddenly, anger twisted into Nico's face. "Why can you not remember your life as I had remembered mine? Why do you not at least remember me? Was I not important enough to be remembered? I saved your life. Not once, but twice. I spared you! I am risking my own existence to have turned you and to keep you as my companion." Letting out a huff of annoyance, Nico pushed Percy back, pinning him against the wall. He leaned in until their noses brushed, until they were barely a breath away. "Why do you not remember me?" Percy could only stare up at him with blank eyes. His heart was heavy with sadness and pain, but he could not understand where the emotions were coming from. Why was this dark angel affecting him so? He opened his mouth to ask that exact question, but no sound would exit him. He could offer this man no comfort because he did not know why these emotions existed. He did not even know this angel! What kind of comfort could he offer him? How was Percy to explain that his memories were dim? They were so dim, nothing but a phantom itch in his mind that could not be reached. How was that to be explained with words? "Nico." It was the only word that would flick off Percy's tongue. From the look in his angel's eyes, that seemed to be correct. "I know...your name. I do not understand how I know that and not other things, but I do. Nicolas." It was a long time before Nico moved again. Finally, after the sun had begun to sick toward the horizon in the sky and the shadows changed, he pushed back. "Come," Nico said, a hint of emotion in his voice that Percy shouldn't pinpoint, though it caused his heartbeat to quicken. Taking Percy's hand, Nico slipped a cool ring of metal onto his finger. A gem that resembled the calm ocean shone brightly against polished silver. Percy noticed how his shadow angel wore a similar ring, only with a black gem instead of green. "I have much to teach you." With those words, Nico pulled him into the dimming light. Percy flinched as the light covered him, waiting for the pain to come, but it never did. Instead, only a pleasant warmth spread throughout his body. The teen looked up at Nico, tilting his head in question. The dark man stared down at him, his expression full of pain. It was as if all his hopes had been destroyed. Again, Percy's heart dropped and a pain of his own spread throughout his chest. He wanted that look to disappear from his angel. "Nico," he whispered, reaching up and cupping his face. Slowly, that pain faded from Nico's face and was replaced with that emotion Percy did not understand again. "Don't fret," he placed his hand to overlap Percy's. "I'll teach you everything. I will pull back those memories you claim are dim. You aren't going anywhere. I won't let you."