and Nico positions in the Warriors of Chaos." Agreed a women in an earthy gown. "Well that is if the all supreme ruler agrees." The man in white chuckled. A beautiful women stepped out of a portal in the middle of the room. "Aether, I told you to quit calling me that. Or do you want me to start calling you my little white light again." Chaos playfully scolded. The entire em throne room erupted into laughter. "Well all in favor of recruiting the three into the Warriors of Chaos?" Asked Lady Chaos. All hands rose: Pontus,Erebus, Nyx, Aether, Tartarus, Gaea, Uranus, Chaosand Hemera's hands all rose. "Alright then it's settled, we'll bring them here tommorow," Chaos looked into a orb, "we'll let them spend time with Percy's mother as their last moments on Earth for a long time." Chaos declared. As they all arrived at Sally Jackson's house, they were in a good mood. When they walked in Sally greeted the trio with big hugs. "Oh it's been far too long. I've missed you all so much." "It's only been two weeks mom." Percy chuckled. "And they felt like 5 years. So where did you guys go now?" Sally questioned. "We went to Italy. Nico chose to go there, it was really good. There was great food and there were many things to do." Thalia answered. "That's you and Nico start to date yet Thalia?" Percy's mother questioned innocently? Said two began to blush at the statement. "No ma'am, we are only friends." Nico answered in embarrassment. "Mhm, not for long." Percy said with a sly smirk. Said two glared at him while his mother just laughed. They all reminisced and shared stories about what they've been up to. They continued on even when Paul came back with Percy's sister Jane Blofis. Soon the trio went to sleep, planningto head out the next day to their next adventure. Little did the know when they wake up, their lives would change forever. When the trio awoke, they showered, brushed their teeth and got dressed to head out for the day. Percy had on some fitted black Nike pants, sea blueNike Airmax 90 Ultras, and a sea blue Nike hoodie. Nico had on fitted blackAddidas pants, a black Addidas windbreaker, and black Addidas Tubular Novas. Thalia had on some black yoga pants, gray Nike roshis, and a black Green Day hoodie. The trio were all ready to go after getting their bags together. Deciding to stay until nightfall to leave they had even more many hugs, kisses, and handshakes, they left the Blofis household. They were off to their next adventure. As the wandered the forest and found a clearing, a portal opened. Out stepped Lady Chaos in all her glory. Percy, Nico, and Thalia pulled out their weapons, ready for a fight. They were greatly confused however when the women laughed a melodic laugh. "Oh great heroes, I am not here to fight. I am here to offer you something better than life here." "And what is that?" Percy asked. "First let me introduce myself. I am Chaos, creator of the universe. I am here to offer you three a place in my army, the Warriors of Chaos." The three immediately bowed at the mention of the creator of the universe's name. "No need to bow, I hate that bullshit." Laughed Chaos. "Now let me tell you what you'll be getting when joining my army. You'll be trained and given powers according to your abilities and personalities. Also your current powers will be enhanced to passthat of an Olympian and to rival a Primordial God. You may even surpass them. You'd also bemade fully immortal. We have been watching you three forthe past five years and we think you'd be a great asset to our forces. Possibly even makeit to the top of our ranks, all youhave to do is accept." Chaos explained. "Before we decide who is the 'we' you speak of?" Percy questioned. "The Primordials of course." Laughed Chaos as she saw the trio's jaws drop. "Gaea is also a part of this. However, before you get all heated, let me explain. Kronos had her under an ancient spellthat would activate if he lost his war, which is what happened. It caused her to go batshit crazy and do all those i sn't evil and is now free of the spell." Chaos said. "Oooohhh, ok then." Nico dumbly said. "So do you accept the offer young heroes?" Chaos questioned. The three looked at each other and grinned. "Yes Chaos we accept your offer." "Alright then, let's get you everything you need. I will also tell your mother about where you'll be going Percy. Also I will tell your fathers since they didn't betray you like everyone else did. For now let's get going to planet Void." "Planet Void? What's that? It sounds cool as hell." Percy said already comfortable around the universe's creator. "Only the best planet you'll ever see in your immortal lives. Now let's get going shall we?" Chaos asked. The trio once again grinned while looking at each other, "On to a new life." They said simultaneously. And Chaos flashed the all to planet Void, to become the strongest Warriors the Universe has ever seen and will ever see. A/N: Well that's the first chapter, hope you all enjoyed it. I will try to update as soon andas much aspossible. Whenmy spring break rolls around, I will have plenty of updates. This is my first PJO story, and certainly won't be my last. Chapters will most likelybe longer infuture updates. And don't forget to review, the feedback helps me know what I'm doing right and what I need to improve. The next chapter will include a mix of the campers and Olympians, and the Warriors of Chaos. Also a certain little huntress will make a return in the process;).And after this, I will be reading other PJO 't forget to review. See you guys soon:)