cuddle into her sides. Just as she was about to usher them both back upstairs with their friends, Bobby lifted his head off his shoulder. "Wanna know what we wished for?" He whispered. Annabeth glanced down at him. "Mommy said if we tell it won't come true but you can keep a secret can't you Annabeth?" Matthew asked quietly. Noticing their serious expressions, Annabeth nodded and waited for them to tell her. Bobby hugged her tightly. "We wished you would move back in." "Yeah. We never see you anymore! And Mommy said when you get a husband; you'll be too busy being a mommy to see us as much!" Annabeth rolled her eyes but squeezed her little brothers, touched by their wish. Guilt flooded through her and she made a silent vow to come by more often. She kissed both of their heads. "Look guys, I know I'm busy a lot because of work but I promise I'll start coming by more often. I'm going to be here for the weekend so we'll have plenty of time to hang out together." "What about when you're a mommy?" Matthew asked sadly. Annabeth shivered at the idea. "That's not going to happen anytime soon okay? Seriously, you guys are my number one boys. I don't have too much room for anyone else right now." "So you'll come over more?" Bobby asked hopefully. "And hang out with us?" Matthew added. Annabeth laughed and nodded. Both boys smiled and hugged her tightly. She kissed both their cheeks, despite their protests and ushered them back upstairs. She took another sip of her wine and let her eyes wander to the stairs. She would come and see them more often. She had put her family behind her work and no amount of success or money was worth that. Bobby and Matthew meant a lot to her despite the fact they were only half siblings and more often than not she found herself missing Helen and her dad. It was hard to watch him be happy with someone that wasn't her mother but Helen was a wonderful mom and genuinely cared about all of them. They were her family in every sense of the world and nothing was more important than them. 0~0~0~0~0 *One week before the outbreak* Several different families were crowded around their televisions as they watched the news report. A busty blonde woman stared back at them, a warning flashing across the screen. " -several counts across the nation. The military has quarantined several countries as the disease spreads. They haven't released an official statement but they recommend staying indoors and taking extra precautions to fight off infections. More to come as the story develops." They showed clips of the monsters roaming small towns and bodies littering the streets before being placed in body bags. They showed pictures of hospitals being overrun with sick people and the military gates being placed in quarantine areas. Families huddled together in fear and worry. Mothers held their children tight and fathers prepared weapons and ammo. Loved ones reached out to one another and friends gathered together as if it would be their last time. In the mist of all the panic and fear, Annabeth Chase polished her crossbow and carved her arrows. Percy Jackson gathered knives while Thalia Grace collected guns. Jason Grace began to horde food while Piper McLean-Grace gathered everything they would need to keep their daughter Alice safe. Nico di Angelo sharpened his katana. Kate Green and Troy Lucas gathered arrows for their bows. Mason Green began to collect supplies for the rest of his family. Maya Cooper began to secretly stash everything she needed at the Green Home. All of them prepared for the threat separately, not knowing exactly what was ahead of them. If they had known, they still wouldn't have been ready for it. None of them knew that in a matter of months, their lives would change forever. Geez that was sooo long. Props to those who read all of them. So couple things I want to address. ~I put little gags in the group snippets. Like Kate mentioning she would never shoot anyone with a bow though she later shoots Annabeth. Or how Thalia tries to set Percy up with a hot blonde and he tells her "maybe at the end of the world"? Just small things like that to kind of foreshadow some of the events in Saudade. ~Kate's birthday is based off my own. We always release lanterns into the sky on my birthday while I See The Light plays in the background. On my 16th birthday, my best friend at the time even brought a boat out, stuck it in the yard, we got in it and released lanterns from the boat. It was awesome and one of my favorite memories. ~During the events of Piper's POV, that's when she became pregnant with Penelope Ann. So she did become pregnant before the outbreak. ~I never mentioned what happened to Bianca but she was killed before the outbreak started. I just wanted to show her and Nico happy together instead of writing about him losing her. In case you didn't catch it, she was the one to encourage him to tell others when he liked their butts. Clearly he remembered her words as he always tells Percy he likes his butt. ~I started this wayyy before we decided to make Mayo a thing. I wrote them out with a romantic undertone and found I really like them so this only helped the Mayo ship sail :3 Now this was just a fun little thing to show you guys how much I appreciate you guys and your reviews. I have something else in store for you guys if we end up getting 1000 reviews on Saudade. We're almost there with almost 800 reviews! I think we can do it. Be sure to review on both this story and Saudade to let me know what you think! Thanks! -Katie