talking downstairs. I heard the doorbell ring but ignored it. I walked into my parent's room. For sure the presents had to be in here. " Pssh! Snowbird do you copy?" "Yes! What is it Falcon?" " In the barn next to Lil' Sebastian's stall there's a note to Mom telling her to stop at Walmart for me and you. It was dated two days ago!" "So whatever we got is from Walmart?" " Most likely but you never know! Remember when Mom and Dad bought us that toy car? We used to drive that thing everywhere. It was better than walking!" I laughed then slapped a hand over my mouth. "Dude shh! I'm in the house where people can find me! You're out in the barn! Look I'm gonna check in Mom's and Dad's room. Go check the cars once you're done feeding the horses. You're in there already." " Aye aye captain!" I rolled my eyes at his terrible pirate accent but continued searching. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary in their closet, in their drawers or under their bed. Damn. " Hey Annabeth I found two presents in Jay's car but they're wrapped." "Damn…I found nothing in Mom's and Dad's room. Anywhere else I should check?" " Hmm…Downstairs closet?" I could hear people shuffling downstairs. I checked the time. Our party started five minutes ago! "Bu-but there's people downstairs! The party started! People are going to be looking for us Alex!" " Crap! Okay just uh check real fast and-" I heard and Oof! And the ruffling of leaves. "Did you jump in a bush?" "… I saw people." "Okay well…I'll check the closet! Stay hidden at all costs!" I peeked over the stair's railing and saw my grandparents talking in the living room. If my grandma turned just a little to the right….Perfect! I rushed down the stairs and dove behind the couch. I peeked up. No one noticed! I crept to my Dad's home office (or his 'den' as he likes to call it) and gently shut the door behind me. I looked down and saw a bunch of binders on the floor. Dad should really move those! Someone could trip! I ran over to the closet and pulled it open….Success! "Alex! I found the presents! Report to the den!" I heard the tapping of a foot to my right. I turned and saw Jay giving me a look that I thought only Dad had mastered. "Uh…" "Annabeth Chase what do you think you're doing?" "Uh…" I glanced around. My only weapon is a basket of laundry! The door was 15.6 steps away…I can make it! I grabbed handful of socks and chucked them at Jay's face. While he was ripping them away and yelling at the smell I sprinted to the door. My socks made me slide a little on the hardwood floor but I made it to the door. When I pulled it open I could hear Jay's heavy footsteps behind me. "Annabeth!" I yelped and ran a little faster, pushing past some of our party guests. Though they didn't seem to mind, I could hear them laughing as I sprinted by. I think Jay was too but who knows? I ran upstairs and hid in a closet. I pushed myself to the back and covered myself with coats and blankets. Jay opened the door and I held my breath. He grunted and shut it. Oh thank goodness. "Alex! Alex! Do you copy?" " Yes what happened? When I snuck inside I saw you booking it upstairs!" "Jay found me and I'm sure he'll look for you too." " Oh no….Where are you now?" "Upstairs closet!" " Ah. Explains the whispering. I'll be there soon." "Where are you?" " Downstairs I just have to sneak by-" "Annabeth!" I winced as I heard Thalia's loud voice echo throughout the house. "… Thalia." I rolled my eyes and gently stood up. I could hear Thalia's boots stomping up the stairs. I dusted myself off and moved towards the door. "Annabeth!" I tried opening the door but it wouldn't budge. Great it's stuck. Damn door. "Thalia shut up!" I heard her stop, she lowered her voice. "Annabeth where are you?" "Closet. Door's jammed." I could hear another voice, a male voice ask, "Why is she in the closet?" I glared at the door and knocked on it. "Well for your information random stranger, it was for a top secret spy mission." I could hear Thalia laughing and her grip the door knob. "Looking for presents again? Where's Alex?" "I don't know. I need to find him before Jay! Just open the door please!" I pushed on it a little. A bunch of coat sleeves were hanging off my head and shoulders but I didn't mind them. Thalia jiggled the doorknob and I could hear more people climbing up the stairs. Jay's voice was first. "Where is she Thalia?" "Closet." I pounded on the door and leaned against it. My palms were flat against the wood and I rested my forehead on it. "Traitor!" I could hear my Dad ask her to move aside. After a short pause the door flew open. I screamed as I tumbled out of the closet and to the floor. I grunted as my body made contact to the not so soft carpet. Several coats were draped over me and I could see the bottom of a sock. I had a sock on my head. Rephrase. I had a sock on my head in a hall filled with at least fifteen people. Jason and the twins (Nick and Nathan) were laughing, Thalia was smirking, next to her was some black haired guy. My Dad was smiling and my Mom took a picture, causing me to quickly look at her and glare. Jay was standing closest to the stairs and was holding the back of Alex's shirt. I stared up at him and he gave me a sheepish grin. "Snowbird we've been compromised."