smile and nod. "Yeah…" He said distantly. "Mothers are always strong for their children." 0~0~0~0~0 Leo Valdez: With the promise I'd be back in time for departure I made my way to Charlie's house. Mr. Mickle had been crying in relief when we returned his daughter safely. And while Mrs. Mickle was smiling and hugging her daughter I could see she avoided her stomach like it was acid about to burn her skin. I slowly knocked on my door, the small gift in hand. Mr. Mickle opened the door and was quick to invite me inside when he saw me. Charlie and her boyfriend Brandon were talking quietly on the couch; their hands intertwined on her growing stomach. Mr. Mickle watched with a teary smile. I couldn't see a trace of disappointment in his eyes. "She told me this morning." He told me quietly. "She'd give up everything just to make sure her child would be happy." "She knows she doesn't have to do that right?" Mr. Mickle nodded and looked upon his daughter with shining eyes. A small smile worked its way up onto his face. "Yeah." He whispered. "I'm so proud of her. She agreed to try college again when the baby's born." "She'll be a good mother." I told him honestly. He nodded; his eyes still shining. "The best." I smiled. Charlie noticed me and waved cutely. She stood up when I walked over. When she noticed the bear in my hands she smiled softly. I held it out for her. It was a simple brown teddy bear. I created a small tool belt for its waist and Annabeth sewed on a plush FBI badge. Charlie took it and Brandon smiled at me. "My Mom was a single parent." I informed them quietly. "She gave almost everything up for me; solely because she wanted me to have a good future." I looked up; my eyes meeting Charlie's. "You'll be a good mom Charlie. It isn't about where you live or how much money you have. It's about how much you love your child." I paused to gesture to her hands; which were still resting on her stomach. "You have all the love to offer in the world; and then some." Soon her slim arms were wrapped around me tightly. I awkwardly returned the hug not really expecting this. She pulled away when Brandon stood up. He shook my hand like a grateful man would and wrapped his arm around his girlfriend. "How can we thank you?" He asked me honestly. I shook my head and smiled teasingly. "Just name the kid after me if it's a boy!" I told them jokingly. Charlie nodded seriously and gripped my hand. "Deal." She whispered. "And if it's a girl we'll tell her all about how you saved my life." I squeezed her hand comfortingly. She'll do just fine as a Mother. I hope her child grows up with as much love as my mother gave me. 0~0~0~0~0 I stared up at the ceiling. Calypso cuddled up to my side. Thankfully she agreed to buy a bigger bed when she moved in. The twin I used wasn't going to work. Now with a queen there was enough space for everything. She looked up at me; a beautiful smile on her face. I was already left breathless. She kissed my shoulder before resting her chin on it so she could stare at me. "What's on your mind?" She asked quietly. I smiled; loving the way she understands me. I looked at her a little seriously. "Do you want to have kids someday?" I whispered moving my gaze back to the ceiling. " My kids?" It took her a minute to answer and I instantly worried I messed up. When I glanced back down at her she was smiling. She nodded wordlessly and leaned up to kiss me. "I get to name it if it's a girl." She mumbled against my lips. I grinned happily; my insides bubbling with excitement at the idea of my girlfriend being the mother of my oh-so-gorgeous children. "I get to teach her how to shoot a gun!" I exclaimed excitedly. Calypso just rolled her eyes and kissed me again. 0~0~0~0~0 Percy Jackson: I looked down at Annabeth quietly. She was sleeping peacefully in my arms, her blonde curls spraying out on my chest since her head was resting on my shoulder. My arm was going numb from her laying on it but I didn't dare move it. Annabeth rarely stays the night and sleeps with me like this. Even if it meant I would never get feeling in my arm again I still wouldn't move. Our 'relationship' started two years ago when she joined the BAU. I was instantly intrigued of her when I first spotted her. She was beautiful; and technically off limits which made it better. We started talking and she freaked out once she realized it looked like we were dating. In a panicked rush; afraid I'd never be able to be with her again I told her we could keep it a secret. I stupidly told her we didn't have to properly date and we could be a secret. A friends with benefits. She didn't talk to me for two days. When she did… she quietly agreed and we were back at my apartment in less than an hour. Can someone regret and love one 'mistake' they made two years ago? I love being with Annabeth; in any way I can. I should have told her how I feel about her all those months ago but I was scared and stupid. Now she'll never let us take that next time and I'm left wanting to kiss her one more time. I almost asked her to meet my Mom two weeks ago! As Annabeth snuggled closer to me I sighed and pulled her closer. She'll have to know someday; I won't let her leave me forever without knowing how I feel. But…Someday isn't today.