the concrete. Black dots were filling my vision as two people got out of the car. One male one female. I had lost consciousness before I could see the female's face. Damn that's a lost opportunity for a good lay. Wait do I even want to sleep with someone who ran me over? No! I'm not that desperate! …Well wait. We'll see what the damage is before we decide anything. Annabeth Chase: "He's opening his eyes! Is that a good thing?" I asked quickly, my fingers on his neck trying to find his pulse. I wouldn't be a good nurse. Owen chuckled and rolled his eyes before looking around again. Coming down an alley was a middle aged man, probably in his late forties. He was rushing towards us, his hand on his hat so it wouldn't blow away. He stopped in front of us and sighed when he saw the man. Percy I think his name was. "Oh goodness!" He cried before leaning down next to us. "What happened?" I grinned sheepishly and held up my hand. "I accidently hit him with my car?" I offered pathetically. Owen gave me a look before turning to the man, offering his hand out. "Hey Owen James. He was in the middle of the alley and Annabeth couldn't stop fast enough. I'm pretty sure she only got his leg. He needs to be medically checked out though. Can you take him? Are you a friend?" The man shook his head and offered me a soft smile before nodding. "Yes and no. I'm his driver. I can take him though; this is part of the job I guess. Don't worry about it I'm sure he's fine." I frowned as Owen and the man helped him up. Percy's slumping body was leaning against the man as he turned to us. "Name's Dave by the way. Don't beat yourself up Sweetheart. Sometimes I wish I could run over the boy too." I couldn't help but smile. This man just had an aura about him that made him adorable. He tipped his hat and started to walk down the alley. A hummer was waiting in the distance. This isn't right I can't do this. "Hey wait!" He paused and I ran in front of him, digging a piece of paper out of my bag in the process. I awkwardly placed the paper on Percy's back and wrote my name and number on the paper before handing it to Dave. "Please give this to him. I feel terrible about all this and I should take responsibility if he's severely hurt. Have him call me when he's…er awake. Okay?" I asked softly. Dave gave me a sweet smile and nodded. "Of course Sweetheart. You take care." I smiled one last time before turning back to the car. Owen was waiting in the driver's seat. He honked and gave me a cheeky smile. "C'mon Annabeth we gotta be at the radio station in like ten minutes! I'll drive so we won't kill anybody else!" I rolled my eyes but dove over the top of the car to the other side. Owen rolled his own eyes at my awesomeness as I climbed in the car. "Fine but just for the record he wasn't dead! Just…sleeping!" *Hides behind pillow* How was that? I've never good at introductory chapters. Its weird but I wish the readers knew the characters pasts so I could skip that and move on. But of course you can't read my mind (Thank goodness...some people would be scarred for life) So yeah basically this was an introductory chapter. The next one the story will process greatly and you'll learn more about the band and all that. I didn't mention the name for a reason so... Anyway some of you might be mad that I basically used OCs and then Percabeth. Really I was planning on making A.J Thalia, Piper would Natalie, Jason would be Matthew and Owen would be Leo. But I wanted Annabeth to have a brother in the band not Thalia. And I didn't want anybody to be related to Percy. I love using the original characters but they already have their backstories so I don't have as much fun. I love writing because I can make it my own so I'm using OCs for this story. Though Thalia may or may not make an appearance. I haven't decided yet. I'm sorry this was short. I promise the next chapter I'll make longer. It should be anyway. Just in case people got confused let me write out the members and stuff. (It helped in Controlling What's Inside) Matthew Chase: Blonde hair, brown eyes, drummer. Annabeth's older brother. He's dating Natalie and is twenty seven. (I know in the books he's a twin with Bobby but whatever I liked the name so...tough) Owen Jacob James: (I only added in the middle name because I actually made a middle name for this character." Light brown hair and green eyes. He's twenty five. He's the piano player, sometimes sings duets with Annabeth. (He has a not so secret crush on her) A.J (Allison Jane) Harris: Badass of the group. She plays the lead guitar (Like Annabeth, sometimes Annabeth plays and sings sometimes she just sings) Originally had brown hair dyed it a midnight black. Pretty blue eyes. She's twenty three like Annabeth. Natalie Harper: Girly girl of the group. Plays the bass, is dating Matthew. Beautiful long and wavy red hair, green eyes. She's twenty four. You'll learn more about the band members in the next chapter. PM me or review if you have any questions. Note: If a question is asked in a review I'll answer it in the next chapter in the top author's note. I'm really excited about this story guys and hopefully you are too! Let's get around 5-10 reviews before I update again. I need to know what you think of the story before I continue. Love you guys! You're the best :) -Katie