car. Piper was glancing around, probably looking for him and Annabeth was scribbling away in her journal. He smirked and waved when Piper noticed him. After tossing his back pack into the trunk, he got into the back seat. Annabeth started up the car and smiled at him in the rearview mirror. "You thought I forgot you." She accused lightly. Nico shrugged and cracked his knuckles. "Maybe." He acknowledged with a shrug. He leaned forward so his face was in between his two best friends. " So…. What'd your mom make for dinner?" 0~0~0~0~0 Annabeth curled her feet under her as she sat down next to Piper on the basement couch. Her mother never came down here and after Annabeth's older brother had moved out, she quickly took the place over. It didn't have an overhead light but several lamps were placed around the room, giving it a soft glow at night. During the day, the window on the door leading outside gave it enough light. Annabeth had wanted to convert the basement into a music room or maybe just a place to record her songs but Nico and Piper had convinced her they needed a hangout space, just for them. So the summer before they all hit high school, the three of them got to work. They moved a spare couch into the middle of the room and Piper's dad gave them his old TV when he bought a new one. Nico brought over his PS3 so they could watch Netflix and Annabeth moved the washer and dryer upstairs and placed a refrigerator in its place. They all painted the walls a soft teal color. Annabeth did get a small space just for her music though. The small backroom was converted into a music room. It was just a place to store her instruments and record her songs to put on YouTube but it was hers. Nico had already dozed off in his recliner in the corner of the room, a blanket draped over him. Piper's eyes were slowly drooping as she struggled to focus on the show playing on the TV. Annabeth smiled as contentment flooded through her core. She quietly got off the couch to grab another blanket for Piper. She walked up the basement stairs to inform her mother that her friends were going to spend the night when she heard a soft voice from the kitchen. Annabeth grinned. " Come stop your crying, it'll be alright." Her mother sang softly as she grabbed another dish. "Just take my hand, hold it tight. I will protect you from all around you. I will be here don't you cry." When Fredrick Chase had abandoned his family years ago for a younger woman, Athena was a mess. Her two children didn't know what to do to comfort her; Malcolm was nine and Annabeth was only seven years old. One night after Athena had tucked in both the kids, she had crept downstairs to cry on the couch. Annabeth had heard her sobs and slipped out of bed to be with her. Annabeth remembers how broken she felt seeing the strongest woman she ever met sob over her dad. She did the first thing that came to mind; she sang. Annabeth had watched Tarzan over a million times because it was the only Disney movie her brother would watch with her. She knew all the lyrics. When Athena had heard her, she stopped crying to laugh and kiss her daughter. From that moment on, it became their song and they sang it to each other whenever the other was having a hard time. Annabeth crept up behind her mom and surprised her when she cut her off to sing. " For one so small, you seem so strong. My arms will hold you, keep you safe and warm." With a small smile Annabeth extended her arms out to her mother and Athena laughed before pulling her into a tight embrace. Annabeth sighed as she inhaled her mother's comforting lemon scent. They sang the rest together softly. " This bond between us can't be broken. I will be here, don't you cry! Cause you'll be in my heart; yes you'll be in my heart from this day on, now and forever more…You'll be in my heart; no matter what they say. You'll be here in my heart…always." Athena sighed and kissed Annabeth's hair lightly. Annabeth smiled as they pulled away and her mom tucked a stray curl behind her ear. "I love hearing you sing." Athena told her lovingly before turning back around to finish the dishes. "I wish your school had a club or group where you could really show off your voice." Annabeth froze as she let those words sink in. Her eyebrows furrowed in wonder as she slowly formed a plan. She knew the perfect way to do this; she was determined. "You know Mom…" Annabeth mused with a grin. "It really should." Headcanons: ~Annabeth and Nico used to teasingly fight about their mutual crush on Percy until Nico decided that while Percy was nice to look at so were plenty of other boys and let Annabeth call unrealistic dibs. (He promised himself he would buy her a new song journal when Percy chose him anyway) ~Annabeth almost caught Piper and Jason in her bedroom about a month after they started their secret relationship. Jason had hidden in the closet in time but Piper had to lie and say she has an imaginary friend when Annabeth said she had heard her talking to someone. Annabeth still hasn't forgotten about it. ~Annabeth realized her friends were there to stay when she was gone for two days and came home to find them both fast asleep in her basement. Neither had left when she did and had simply made themselves at home. Her mother now buys their favorite snacks when they go shopping and keeps the fridge stocked with them in preparation for when Piper and Nico come over.