loudly. Annabeth forced herself to look away. "Annabeth, where are you going?" She hadn't realized she was walking away until a hand was placed on her shoulder. "I just need to clear my head. I'll be home in few hours, Malcolm." Before he could protest, she pushed out of the metal doors and into the chilly night. It was drizzling, dark, and freezing. She wore nothing but a grey off the shoulder day dress and a thin gown of the school's colors. Yes, she was cold, but she needed to think. Okay, quick recap: Percy's a douche and ruined one of the greatest days of her life. What new? It was always like this recently; they'd get close, then Percy starts pushing her away. And then he comes running back, acting like he's in love with her, and then...he acts like a douche again. And so the cycle continues. Every time she told herself she wouldn't do this again and every time the same thing happens. She always gets hurt in the end. She was smart; shouldnt she be able to tell that her and Percy are opposites? There are obviously reasons why their personalities clash. And when opposites collide, in the bad way, people tended to get hurt. She could almost see her mother shaking her head disdainfully at her girlish thoughts. She was raised to be smart; not to spend her every waking moment thinking about boys. "Hey Wise Girl," Percy fell into step with her. She ignored him, deep in her thoughts. "So you're going to Stanford, huh?" He tried striking conversation. "I'm happy for you, Beth. I really am. I'm glad you get to-" "What the hell is your problem?" She demanded, whirling to him. "I have the time of my life with you at the beach, then you completely bail on me?! Weeks later, you're still not talking to me and you're mad? For what reason? Tell me!" He opened his mouth to speak but she interrupted. "Shut up! And how dare you come up out of nowhere and strike up a conversation like we're friends?!" She shrieked. "Whoa. Relax, Wise-" "Don't you dare call me Wise Girl and don't you dare tell me to relax! That's what a friend would do. You lost your privilege when you left me at the lake!" He grabbed her hands, but that didn't stop her from getting good punches thrown at him. She started yelling unnecessary curses at him. "I HATE YOU PERCY JACKSON! I WISH YOU WOULD GO TO HELL!" "No you don't," He said softly. "Yes, I do! I hate you! I hate you! I fucking hat-" He mashed his lips on hers. She pushed him away and stared at him, glaring. "You think you can just show up out of thin air after rejecting me and then kiss me, as if this fixes everything?" Annabeth demanded. Percy seemed truly surprised at her reaction. "You think you can kiss me, and magically I'm no longer mad? Well, believe me Percy Jackson, I am beyond pissed right now." "At least you didn't say you hated me," He smiled weakly. Slowly, as if asking for permission, he pulled her close and kissed her again, but she remained still, showing no emotion. He might as well have been kissing a stone wall. But after a bit of coaxing, she reluctantly kissed him back, running her hand through his silky hair. He wrapped a hand around her waist, pulling her closer to his body. They broke the kiss to take a breath, she automatically felt like slapping herself for what she let slip out of her mouth. "I love you." Percy stared at her. He pulled away, a pained look on his face. Annabeth was absolutely drenched now, the rain chilling her bones. She shuddered, hugging herself, watching Percy carefully. His eyes kept darting around nervously, as if just now realizing they were making out in public. She was cold, miserable, and angry. Her hair stuck to her face, rain pounded on her, ghost cold chills ran through her body, and she could barely see, but it felt like her world stopped. It all depended on what Percy said next. "Percy?" Annabeth asked, fear seeping into her tone. "Say something." "I'm sorry, Wise girl, but I can't say the same. I can't- I don't love you. I never have." He gently put a hand on her arm. She jerked out of his grip. "No! Don't touch me!" She wanted to hit herself for the tears spilling out of her eyes. She didn't want to look weak in front of Percy. She didn't want him to see how much he had hurt her. She forced herself to stop crying, her tone eerily calm. "Sorry doesn't cut it this time. You've officially forever fucked up whatever this was between us. You know what? I'm glad. Because I wouldn't want to have a relationship where we only meet in some stupid cabin. I'm no longer your whore, nor am I your secret," she laughed humorlessly. "I'm imbecilic for believing you actually might have loved me," she clapped. "It was a great act, really. That's what you should be; an actor. It's the only thing you're good at, besides hurting people." He bit his lip and took a deep breath. There it was again- that blank look. He straightened up and nodded. "Okay." He said, his voice almost cracking. But ANnabeth was too worked up to notice how her words had affected him. She watched Percy walk back into the building, not even sparing a glance behind him. It was pouring now. Annabeth finally let it all out, her sobs inaudible in the rain. A/N: Hello viewers. I know it took me a while to update, but I kept remaking this chapter and deleting it because I'm unsatisfied. Even if it didn't turn out how I wanted it to, I thought I might as well update and see how you like it. Review! ~greekfreak302