girl standing in the corner. One summer she discovered makeup and got her braces removed, returning to eighth grade as an Asian bombshell, bitter and mean. "I just-" she cursed her voice for sounded unsure, and no doubt Drew noticed. "Why are you messing with Percy?" The question was directed at Octavian, but Drew answered. "Why do you care?" "I don-" "Percy is our entertainment. Don't worry; we'll be dumping your boyfriend by the end of the month. After I sleep with him of course." And she smiled, showing off pearly white teeth that used to be crooked and yellowed. Annabeth's mouth opened in disbelief, but Octavian looked disinterested in the conversation as if they weren't worth his time. He didn't seem to care what Drew did, as long as it didn't interfere with his reputation. He could care less that people called his girl a whore behind his back. Wrapping a scrawny arm around Drew's waist, Octavian lit a cigarette with his other arm. "Later loser," He mumbled, turning and walking away. Drew cast a glance over his shoulder, narrowing her eyes. The rest of the week kind of went like this: "You're a loser." "Pardon me, but I think you're mistaken with someone who gives a damn." or "You're a loser." "...It sounds a bit like bullshit, but I can't understand a word you're saying." Or something along those lines. Annabeth and Percy had gotten in a fight; he didn't believe her when she tried to tell him about how they weren't his friends. He accused her of being jealous, reminding her how she had said they were 'enemies' and nothing close to friends, and they both said hurtful things neither of them meant. So maybe he did actually mean it when he called her a loser now. It just made the Loser game that much serious. So maybe Annabeth was wrong; Percy was different from the rest of the crowd. She regretted pushing him away when they first met. And now he hated her. She only tried to help and only succeeded in pushing him further into the crowd. "Hey Loser." Annabeth wrenched her eyes closed and turned, closing her locker. Opening her eyes, she expected to see a crowd, accompanied by their ring leader, but was pleasantly surprised when her eyes met with sea green orbs with little blue flecks. "Percy?" she asked uncertainly. He gave her a shy smile, one that told her he knew he was wrong. She nodded, and his eyes visibly brightened. "Do you, uh, wanna take a walk?" He asked. She glanced back at the classroom across the hall, where she had a major test next period. "Right." He scratched the back of his neck. "I forgot you were such a Wise Girl." She raised an eyebrow. "New nickname, Seaweed Brain?" So that was it? They'd pretend as if the 'Loser War' never happened? She bit her lip. "Um, I can take the test later. Mrs. White owes me a favor anyways." He smiled. *****seventeen minutes later****** He knew. All this time he knew they weren't really his friends. He knew they didn't care, but he hung out with them anyways because he could finally know what popularity tastes like. Bitter, he said. "I guess that makes me a loser, huh?" He sat down in a swing, looking at their school across the street from the park they were in. Annabeth sat next to him, nodding. "...Yeah. I'm the Loser Queen, so therefore I get to choose who's a loser and who isn't. You're definitely a loser. But they're way beyond losers; they're assholes, the worst type there is." She smiled, grabbing his hand and squeezing reassuringly. He looked at her, eyebrows furrowed, as if he were trying to make a decision. "Do you wanna go on a date with me, Annabeth?" She feigned surprise and gasped. "You? Percy Jackson wants to go on a date with the Loser Queen? Why-" "You're not a loser, Annabeth." He said seriously, his intensity throwing her off guard. And then he smiled that awkward slanted smile that seemed to be his trademark. "Badass, yes, but definitely not a loser." She tried to hide the blush that was forming on her face. "Yes, I'll go on a date with you. You're such a loser." Percy laughed and kissed her on the cheek. A/N: Okay, I'm sorry if I offended anyone in the making of this one-shot. Especially the parts about Octavian. I really like badass Annabeth. She was kind of tough yet still girly; but I feel like I didn't develop the character enough. And, I think this one-shot kinda sucks. Let me tell you a short tale: there was a girl, let's call her Greekfreak302, who was one of the only students in her class who got straight A's on her report card. A few jealous kids, let's call them popular idiots, called her a loser because she actually somewhat likes school and somewhat studies. Greekfreak302, angry (not to be confused with hurt) went home from school that day and logged into fanfiction. Not feeling like updating her other stories, she started a new one, and You're a Loser came to be. Ha, I wish it was that interesting. I was playing around with Photoshop and created a chalkboard background and remembered when I was called a loser because I was a major fangirl. Because I'm such a total dork, I remember the sheet of comebacks I came up with (Most of them too vulgar to be put in a rated T fanfiction) and put some of them here. The ones that didn't make it couldn't be fitted in with the plot. Anyways, please review and tell me what you thought about the one-shot! The end was kind of crap, and I wanted something better, but I was kind of rushed ( I have somewhere to go but I wanted to post this now) Read my other stories and I'll love you forever! ~Greekfreak302