The oldest was Hades who runs a branch that minds for diamonds. The next born was my dad Poseidon who is so good at his job people say its like he can talk to sea creatures my father also makes boats that can survive the worst of storms. He has also made thousands of boats for the Navy. The third born is Zeus he makes airplanes and also makes airplanes for the Air force. I have never met my uncles because my father and them don't get along with each other and they only talk to each other at board meetings. My father mentioned that they have kids but I haven't met them earthier. i had seen pictures of my dad and his brothers on-line and they were all nothing alike. My father looked like he never stoped smiling and had hair that was impossible to tame and had sea green eyes "It was okay" I replied "some kids set of fireworks" "So that's what those noises where," he said while chuckling "Did you say bye to your friends" "Yup" My parents had not notice for the past eight years I rarely had friends over and spent most of my nights causing trouble. "Well then" he said getting serious "Go help your mom pack. I'm going to load the truck" It was two days later when we finally got to New York. My family had just got away from the car dealership walking away with a Bentley. As we drove through some familiar roads it was harder trying not to think about my past. My mom had already told me that I we were moving into the same town and into the mansions that where two blocks away from my old neighborhood. "Does anything look familiar Honey?" "No mom" I lied " I don't remember anything from before the move to California" Just then we passed the park that I had dreamed about two nights earlier. I looked into wood line and saw that tall tree standing above all the others. Stop Percy. Stop thinking. It was just a dream and this is just a coincidence. He saw a group of teens walk out of the wood line…. could it be…no…just a coincidence. It was five more minutes' in till they pulled into a driveway with two trucks in the driveway. My dad had paid four guys to take up the two trucks and paid for their flights home to California. My dad looked in to the rearview mirror of our Bentley and spoke " nice huh" "Nice is not the word I was going to use" "And what word would you use" "Massive" I replied with my jaw still on the floor "what happened to rising me like a normal person, and like not a prince. Not that I'm complaining." "It was the only house for sale in the area" my mom replied As I got out of the car I noticed the house next door. It was huge and had a lot of architecture and I looked so familiar. My mom caught me staring "beautiful huh" she asked, "Do you recognize it?" I was only half listening. I saw a girl with a head of blond of curls and a younger me sneak blankets out of the house. I also saw a boy with curly brown hair and a boy with short blond hair hurrying us out and making sure we didn't drop any. shook my head and they disappeared. "No mom" I quickly answered "should I" "No, we just drove by it a lot" she said quickly and with that she left. It was two days till we were all done unpacking and I was allowed to go off and "adventure" I grabbed my skateboard and set of skating. For about two seconds, then I ran into a girl with blond hair. Just as she started to fall I caught her and pulled her up into my arms. That's when I saw her eyes. Gray met green and we just stared into each other eyes for 10 seconds but that felt like forever. Her eyes calmed me and with her in my arms it just felt right. " What the hell" she screamed " You could have killed me!" Her yelling at me mad me angry, sure I ran into her but it was not my entire fault she came out of nowhere and besides I caught her. I let go of her and pushed away. "Hey you could say thank you!" I yelled back She rolled her eyes " thank you for almost killing me!" she said sarcastically I sneered at her "you're welcome" With that I took of on my skateboard. With her yelling insults as I rode away. As I rode I thought about her eyes they were so much like hers that it could be the same person. No she was too pretty, not that she wasn't pretty. She made up a whole different pretty. This girl was a natural beautiful person. No she probley still had those glasses and the curly hair… stop it Percy…. this place was killing me I went eight years without thinking about her and now she's all that I've thought about. I rode past my old house and sat down on the curb where I last said goodbye to her. Why didn't she turn around, I watched her go all the way down the street and she never turned around. She could have waved, could have given me a smile. How much I loved her smiles, the smiles that made my heart race. If only she had smiled. AN PLEASE REVIEW. TELL ME EVERYTHING YOU LIKED AND WHAT I SHOULD CHANGE. THIS IS MY FIRST STORY SO PLEASE GO EASY ON ME. THIS IS A PERCABETH FANFICTION BUT THERE WILL BE LUKABETH JUST BECAUSE. MOST OF THE CHARECTERS ARE GOING TO BE CHARECTERS FROM THE PERCY JACKSON BOOKS ALL OF THEM THAT ARE I DO NOT OWN.