just wanted to look heroic in front of Danielle, but regardless of his Athenian blood, Malcom killed that spider. Once I looked back, Grace looked terrified. Danielle hugged Malcom like he had just saved her life, and I knew Noah was a little scared, but he tried to put on a brave face which was rather cute. After Malcom and Danielle's engagement celebration was finally over, we said our goodbyes. I was still a little angry at Malcom, but I decided to let it go for now for the sake of my children. I mean why does everyone want to constantly bring up his death? It was two years ago, I'm over it. I'm over it. That's a thin statement. Anyone, even random people on the street, would never believe that. I think I keep repeating that in hopes that one day I will trick myself into thinking I'm over it, but I will forever love him. He was my everything. The one I grew up with and the one I woke up next to every morning. I couldn't live life without him, but now I have to. I finished cleaning up the dishes and sat down on the couch next to Noah and Grace. I flipped the TV off which caused them to both look at me. I took a deep breath. "Guys, I want to talk about your father," I explained. They stared at me and I just broke into a huge speech. A speech about who their father was. A sweet guy that I fell in love with when I was young. We all smiled and laughed as I told stories about some of our childhood adventures. Then I got to the part about his death and how their father took a trip to heaven. "When will we get to see him?" Grace asked. Her voice was so innocent. "We will see him when we take our trip to heaven." "Can we go for fall break?" "No, sweetie, each of us goes to heaven when it's our time to leave. We can't just go for fun," I tried to explain this to her without bringing Hades into it. She doesn't need to know that there is no heaven and everyone goes to the Underworld. She's only five so it would create a terrible image in her mind. She can learn about it when it's time for her to go to Camp-Half-Blood. "Oh," She mumbled as she looked down. We sat in silence for the next few moments. I felt terrible, like I had just destroyed her last hope to see her father. "I just want you guys to know that your father loved you so much and he will always love you," I tried to make that sincere. I knew that they believed it, but they missed him so much. This moment was getting too sad for us to handle, so I got up and started getting them ready for bed. After both Noah and Grace were in bed, I went into their rooms and kissed them goodnight. I couldn't help but laugh when I saw what Grace had decided to wear to bed. I don't know about you but I would rather wear sweats to bed than a $300 dress. She cracked me up. This day was so long. Too long. My head hit the pillow and I was out just like that. I woke up the next morning early. In my younger days I would have slept past six, but I have children now. Usually I wake them up early for school, but it was summer so I let them sleep in. All this extra time was making me incredibly bored. After a little while, I decided to watch a documentary on Netflix about the truth behind crop circles. It was actually getting interesting and then the doorbell rang. I clicked the pause button on the remote and ran to the door. I didn't want to open it because I was in soffe shorts, a tank top that read Cabin 6 Athena , and my blonde curls were thrown up into a ponytail. Then I realized it was probably one of my annoying neighbors so I opened the door. "What do you want this early?" I asked in a very annoyed voice when I had opened the door. The sun practically blinded me so it took me a minute to process that this was a very attractive man probably in his early thirties. When my vision finally came back to me I saw that he had a very questionable look on his face. "Sorry," I quickly blurted, "I just thought you were one of my very irritating neighbors." A smile then slid onto his face and for some unknown reason butterflies fluttered around in my stomach. Why did I love this stranger's smile so much? "I'm very sorry to disturb you, but I am Special Agent Jackson with the FBI and I need to ask you a few questions." So what did you think? Please review and let me know! I want to know everything you thought because I hope to grow as a writer! I also wanted to add that I started this fan fiction over so if you read like chapter 1 and 2 already, you are going to be really confused in chapter 3. I kept most of the content the same just changed a few things. I will mention this a few more times so please start over I don't want you to be confused. Anyways let me know what you think of what your opinion was and other things I can improve on because I always want to grow as a writer. And I know I also said I would add a third chapter when I redid this but I just wanted to put it up and I have also been extremely busy. I can't even begin to describe the last few months that I experienced so hopefully next week.