know of this boy, he was powerful for a mortal, even for a Demi-God, he might even allow him into the camp. "Boy I think you should come with me to Olympus, Zeus may want to speak to you." Artemis said and stepped towards him, the boy seemed nervous and shifted slightly. "If I may ask why do I need to see him?" Fox asked, and stared Artemis in the eye. She was surprised by the level of respect in his eyes and the politeness he spoke with, sometimes her hunters didn't treat her with that much respect. "You'd do well not to question me boy." Artemis said and the boy seemed edgy and his hands seemed fidgety as he walked over to me. "Zoe set up camp and wait for me to get back before we continue the mission." Artemis said and Zoe nodded giving Fox a glare that made him flinch, she then began telling the hunters to set up camp. "I'm hoping this won't cause me harm." Fox said and Artemis nodded and looked upset about touching him, but placed a hand on his shoulder. She noticed red lines going through his veins as the flashed away. Olympian Throne Room 3rd Person When Fox and Artemis appeared in the throne room Artemis looked around the empty room for a moment. Fox began taking it all in, the beautiful marble pillars reaching up to a ceiling decorated with stars of the night. Almost as if the pillars held the sky itself it was so real, the omega shaped order of the thrones, the hearth burning brightly in the middle, a young girl tended the fire as the crackling wood filled the empty room. "Olympians! I request a council meeting!" Artemis shouted and Fox proceeded to look at the girl by the fire. She turned to him looking deep into his eyes, the first thing to catch his attention is her orange flaming eyes, though instead of scaring him they made him feel cozy and comfortable in her presence, he saw she had brown hair which was wrapped underneath a brown headscarf, her dress was a simple brown color and she tended the hearth with an iron rod. At that moment the entire counsel flashed in each in a different way. Zeus with lightning, Poseidon with sea mist etc. Fox noticed how each God or Goddess wore a modern type of clothing or simply a comfortable classic Greek style outfit. Zeus wore a pinstriped business suit and glared down at Fox as if he was an insignificant pest. Poseidon wore a hawaiian shirt and Bermuda shorts, along with a pair of Sandals. He didn't look at Fox as if he were unworthy of his time but merely just acknowledged his presence. Fox felt a cold stare on him and turned to meet a pair of stormy grey calculating eyes. Before him stood a very beautiful women with flowing black hair, she wore elegant grey robes, along with Greek battle armor. She seemed to be studying him as she looked down upon him, trying to figure him out. He felt small under her gaze, he felt like her eyes didn't see him, they saw through him to his soul. This had to be Athena, Goddess of Wisdom, Strategy, Battle, Reason, Arts and Crafts. "Artemis why have you called us here?" Zeus boomed, his voice loud like thunder. "Hello father, I have a strange mortal with me." Artemis said gesturing to Fox. Zeus gaze shifted to Fox, his electric blue eyes piercing the boy. Fox looked him over more closely. He had a well kept black beard, and black hair, Fox thought it should be white like clouds considering his titles. "What's strange about him?" Zeus asked looking him over. Fox felt like he should be offended but he couldn't blame him, he didn't look very impressive at all. "Fox come tell Zeus what happened." Artemis said but as Fox stood up he began to feel pained, his vision blurred and black spots danced across his vision. He collapsed in an undignified heap on the floor. Hestia rushed to him immediately cradling him in her arms. "Apollo help him!" Hestia yelled and Apollo lept to the floor examining Fox. He pulled down Fox's collar and saw red lines running through his veins, his eyes widened. "Father he's got a very powerful nerve poison coursing through him I'm surprised he could even stand let alone stay conscious." Apollo said in worry about the boy. "Do whatever you wish Apollo, if your sister thinks he is peculiar we should see who he is and where he came from." Zeus said uncaringly waving his hand. "Yeah dad sure I'll take him to my palace to heal him it may take several days." Apollo said and Zeus nodded Apollo picked the boy up and flashed to his temple. The counsel was curious about the boy and a few were worried. Athena and Hestia especially so, although for very different reasons, Hestia cared for the boys well being, Athena just wanted answers to the nagging questions the boys presence had brought up. They would have to wait to see if he would be alright till then they would go to their own duties. Every God flashed away to different areas for different reasons, leaving Hestia alone to tend the hearth, the only sound once again the comforting crackle of the fire. Authors Note: So? What'd you think? Is it a thousand times better? Still need improvement? Please let me know with a review, plus any other kind of feedback. To those who are just starting to read my stories chapter 2s current quality is crap. I'm going to be writing the 4th chapter for my other story Tragedy Befalls Us All once that's done I'll get working to improve chapter 2. Thank you to all my followers and favorites who liked this story back when it was crap. Hopefully you'll like this new one much better