glanced down at her palms briefly. Her scars seemed to glow as small flames erupted from her palms. Unable to stop herself from staring at them, Annabeth shook her head and changed tactics. She put the flames in her hands and yelled her element once more; letting out another roar. Fire exploded from her mouth and into the air above her. She remembered that Percy had called her a dragon the first time he had seen her do it. The red panel glowed as brightly as her flame. "Air!" Jason bellowed finally. A large swirl of air blew throughout the room and shook her fire. Annabeth felt her hair blowing around her face. The white panel lit up next and the four panels linked together to form a perfect circle. All the elements shone together to show unity. Principle Alvis clapped loudly and the students carefully followed his example. Annabeth quickly put out her flame and the red panel faded. She rubbed her hands together and coughed a few times to ease the small ache in her throat. She would need to work on how long she could hold her 'dragon's roar' as Percy liked to affectionately call it. Annabeth stormed past her friends and came to a halt next to Principle Alvis. The other students in the stands began to gather their things and walk down the steps but she could feel their eyes on her. Principle Alvis stared down at her calmly. "I hope you enjoyed the show." She seethed as quietly as she could. Principle Alvis shrugged indifferently. "Your flames could have been bigger and hotter." He told her passively. Annabeth huffed and felt small embers escaping her nose. She would need to work on controlling her anger around Alvis again. "Fine." Annabeth fumed. "I'll make sure you feel like you're in hell the next time I use them then." Principle Alvis grinned pleasantly. "I'm looking forward to it." Annabeth held back a growl when she felt Percy's cool hands fall gently on her shoulders and began to steer her away. "I'll see you tomorrow morning Miss. Chase." Annabeth bit her tongue to prevent from saying anything that would get her in trouble later. Percy mumbled a quick goodbye to Principle Alvis as he began to tug her towards the doors. Thalia and Jason quickly rushed to her side. Students cleared a path for them as she stomped down the hall, her fellow elementals casually trailing behind her. Annabeth felt her entire body growing hot when she watched a small group of abnormals debriefing before their trip to the outside. They would be gone within the hour and free to roam wherever they wanted as they battled whatever monster they were chasing. Jealously clawed bitterly at her chest. She wanted to be free too; she wanted to be outside these walls where her flame could grow as large as she wanted. Thalia threw her arm over her shoulder and barely flinched when Annabeth's skin lightly burned hers. Thalia began to steer her towards the fenced field they would practice in. "C'mon Chase, let's go a few rounds." Thalia suggested quickly. "You put up a good fight when you're this fired up." "How can it not make you guys mad?" Annabeth huffed. She let the others take her to the field. "We're feared for something we didn't even do. We've been locked away. Fire burns out if it's locked away!" "We have each other Annabeth." Percy reminded her. "It won't be like this forever. Right now, we just have to put up with this. Once the world is back to normal, things will change. Wounds will heal and eventually we'll be out of these walls." Annabeth didn't say anything after that as they all prepared to train together but she couldn't shake her thoughts. Waiting for the world to go back to normal after all the damage it was put through? Could they wait that long? Could she wait that long? Could they wait and let the other abnormals fix the problems other elementals had caused while the four of them just sat back and watched? Annabeth stared down at her palms and the scars that marred her skin. She knew how dangerous she could be. She could wait for now. She would let them box her up but not for too much longer. Fire burns out if it's contained for too long…Annabeth wouldn't let them burn her out. Maybe Percy was right. It was just a matter of waiting for the right moment. Headcannons: ~Percy only started bringing Annabeth muffins as an excuse to see her every morning. He slept in one morning and missed breakfast, making Annabeth panic as she thought he had died in his sleep since he hadn't been at her door with a muffin. He still reminds her of that day when she insists she doesn't think of him romantically. ~When the elementals all first met, Annabeth hadn't spoken to any of them for weeks. It wasn't until Jason farted as a joke and made the smell circulate throughout the room, did she gag and ask him what had died in his stomach. ~The first time Percy tried to hold Annabeth's hand -on instinct- she panicked and practically lit her hand on fire. Percy anticipated this and created a water glove, which cause smoke to explode from their hands and set off the fire alarm. Here we go again on another adventure guys. This one is a little different from Saudade but it is also an angst/romance. Its based on my one shot The Elements and could almost be considered a remastered and better version of Controlling What's Inside. I'm probably going to stick with doing flashbacks in the beginning of the chapter that has something to do with the rest of the chapter and headcannons at the end of each chapter. I think they're cute :3 Thanks for reading! ~20 reviews equals a sneak peek at the end of the next chapter~