me…Right?" Nico smiled softly and brushed some of her hair out of her eyes. She was still staring up at him with her dark eyes. He thanked the Gods every day that Echo looked so much like him. She wasn't her Mother's daughter; she's always been his. "No Baby, I won't leave you. I'll always be with you." *Ten Years* He ran down the hall as her terrorized screams bounced off the walls. When he busted into her room she was thrashing around in her bed, the covers tangling up around her wiggling limbs. He rushed over in a panic and shook her to try and get her to wake up. She bolted upwards instantly, surprising him. Once her eyes were open and she was aware that she was safe in her room she clung to him tightly. He was worried and completely clueless on what to do. He just rubbed her back and petted her hair until she calmed down enough to tell him what happened in tonight's dream. Once she was calm he handed her the stuffed bunny Dylan had given her for nights like these. Dodo had long been lost and this bunny had big wings to fill but it seemed to do the trick tonight. Nico pulled the covers up over his daughter for the second time that night. Before he could get up to go back to his own room a small hand reached out and grabbed his wrist. He glanced back to see a terrified Echo begging him to stay with her for the night. Her twin sized bed didn't look comfortable but she was staring up at him with those big, brown eyes and he just couldn't say no. So that's how Nico ended up with back pains from the awkward nighttime positions. But Echo slept better when she could cling to him so he suffered through it so she could get some sleep. She may be the Shadow Princess but she's still only ten; and when you're ten the dark is scary and you need your Daddy to stay with you a few nights of the week. *Thirteen Years* Nico grabbed her wrists to try and get her to calm down. She was still crying but her screams had subsided. She was panting and staring at him with terrified eyes. He mentally flashed back to those dark nights when she needed him by her side. He never left then and he wasn't going to leave now. "Echo I know it's scary but you need to calm down. Just look right at me Baby. Just look at me okay?" Her eyes locked with his and he smiled encouragingly. "See? There you go. Now let's breath okay? In out, in out." As she breathed he slowly loosened his grip on her wrists. Right before he let go a lamp across the room had a purple mist around it before it flew from the table. It crashed into the wall making Echo scream again. Nico sighed and bent down to stare the teenager right in the face. He held out his palm and let the black mist dance around his skin. "Don't let it control you, you control it. Just…carefully open your hand and control it. Let it dance." The nervous teen stared at her Father's ability before slowly and carefully opening her right hand. A twitching purple mist appeared from her palm and started to work its way towards her fingertips. She was breathing awkwardly, her breath coming out in nervous pants as she watched her mist. Nico smiled at her again. "See you're okay! You'll learn how to control in no time." He flinched as another lamp flew across the room. He stared up at the ceiling for a minute before looking at the damage. "Well okay. We'll get rid of the lamps and you'll learn how to control it." *Fifteen Years* "Nico we need to go!" Annabeth hissed. She was in the doorway, nervously checking the halls. Dylan and Adan were sleeping peacefully down the hall and Percy was going to be back in thirty minutes. They needed to be gone before he got back. Thirty-three year old Nico di' Angelo was living the good life; he had it all. He had a kickass apartment, great friends, the best God-kids anyone could ask for and a beautiful daughter. Yes he had it all…which mad this harder. He was leaving it all behind just to find a stupid answer. "Annabeth I can't leave her…The twins have Percy! If I leave… who does she have?" He whispered as he looked down at his daughter sadly. She was only fifteen; she still needed a Dad. "I know Nico; I know it's hard. I'm leaving my family behind too! But you know how important this is! And…we won't be gone forever. You know we'll come back to them." Nico sighed. His metal hand reaching down to wipe a few stray hairs out of the sleeping girls face. She shifted in her sleep but her eyes stayed closed. "You know she'll be taken care of until we return. We need to go Nico. This is our last chance!" He nodded slowly, his heart starting to ache in his chest. He nodded again; trying to show himself he agreed. With one final nod he bent down to kiss his daughter's forehead. As he stood back up the necklace gleamed from her neck. The very necklace he gave her a few hours ago. She'll remember him as long as she wore that necklace. Annabeth gripped his hand and started to pull him down the hall. Silent tears went down both of their faces as they passed their children's rooms. Annabeth froze at the door. Once they were finally out in the car they stared up at the house. Echo would have to stay here from now on. Annabeth wiped her eyes and nodded over at him. "We'll be back for them Nico…We just have to believe we'll be back."