sad, you're sad. She's just confused. Annabeth called my name and I looked up. "Are you coming" I nodded my head and followed her. When we got to the top of the hill I looked for Thalia's body but all that was there was that Pine tree. "You're friend gave up her life for you." Chiron said sadly "We don't need a reminder," I growled. Chiron took a breath and spoke gently "Peace child. Let me explain. You're friend was a daughter of Zeus and well there had been pact between the Big Three." "And they are" I asked impatiently Chiron didn't get mad but kept calm "They are Zeus, Poseidon, and Hades. Anyway about sixty years ago, after World War II, the Big Three agreed they wouldn't sire any more heroes. Their children were just too powerful. They were disturbing the course of human events too much, causing too much bloodshed. World War II, you know, that was basically a fight between the sons of Zeus and Poseidon on one side, and the sons of Hades on the other. The triumphant side, Zeus and Poseidon, made Hades swear an oath with them: no more affairs with human women. They all swore on the River Styx. They kept the promise to till twelve years ago when Zeus fell for a moral women and Thalia was born." He took a breath "Hades was outraged. He had kept his promise but the brother who made him make it broke it and he swore he would kill the little girl." Annabeth took a step back she had started to cry again "but it wasn't her fault" she said in-between her silent sobs. Chiron nodded sadly "Hades needed to blame someone other then Zeus." I walked over to the Tree and stood there silently. Anger rippled through my body and I want to go and find the army of monsters and tear them to bits. Thalia didn't do anything wrong. She couldn't help being born. How could Gods be so cruel?" A cold voice filled my head "if the gods are so powerful why couldn't they save her boy. Why should they be in charge when they do nothing? Bow to me and I can save your friend" I shook my head and the voices stopped. I looked back at Chiron " What was the blue light." Chiron looked at me with pity in his eyes " Are camp does not have the best defense. We have had dragon and gods watch over us but sometimes they are no match for monsters" he took a breath and pointed, "look over there" Annabeth and I looked to where he was pointing. I took step back and drew my sword and the hellhound snarled at me. That's when it pounced and I brought my sword up to stab it and waited for the impact. But it never came. I looked up to see the hellhound lying on the ground. I looked at Chiron who looked impressed. "Thanks to your friend Thalia no monster will ever get inside camp. She has saved thousands of lives. She will always be remembered." Chiron looked down at Annabeth and smiled "its very late and you must be extremely tired." Annabeth nodded and I noticed that tears were still coming down her face. It killed me to see her cry I gave one last look at the tree and then ran over to Annabeth. I knelt in front of her and spoke "jump on" she smile and got on her back and we walked towards the cabins with Chiron. When we got to the center of all the strange cabins I saw about fifty kids standing there staring at us. "Chiron, Grover told us there was about two hundred kids here. Where are the rest?" Chiron looked in my eyes "when demigods hit the age of twelve that's when the monsters start to attack. It can happen sooner or later but during the summers they come and stay here and train so they can survive the school year. However some demigods don't have a good home or home in general so they stay here year round." Annabeth gave me a worried look "Chiron" she whispered, "I'm to young to stay here aren't I?" Chiron gave her a look, smile and put his hand on her should "my dear, I have never had a student as young as you before" Annabeth eyes filled with worry "but there is always a first time." Annabeth beamed at him. Chiron looked around at the kids that where all staring at us "All demigods that come here stay in their Godly parents cabin." He looked at me " You for instance will stay in the Hermes cabin." He looked to an old worn down cabin that had a caduceus above the door. "Most kids will have to wait till they are claimed but we both know who your father is." Annabeth tapped my shoulder and I let her down. "What do you mean claimed?" she asked once both of her feet where on the ground. Suddenly a bright light appeared above Annabeth head. I took a step back "Holy Hermes" I muttered. Above Annabeth head was an owl, the symbol of wisdom and Athena. Annabeth looked up and looked at Chiron "I'm guessing this is claiming?" Chiron chuckled and nodded. Then everyone else including Chiron did something that surprised me. They bowed. Following their examinable I got on my knees. Annabeth looked shocked at everyone the symbol above her began to fade. Chiron looked at me then back at Annabeth with a twinkle in his eye he announced "Hail, Annabeth Chase." His voice was echoed though the buildings "Daughter of Athena, advisor to Zeus, patron god of Athens, goddess of wisdom, war, weaving, and pottery." I watched Annabeth beam with pride. AN- Hope you liked it. Please tell me what you think because I think I'm going to add more chapters of Lukes pov of things.