di Angelo. I should go chase my fiancée down before she leaves me. Good day." He stated before walking out the door. Jason stared at the man. "Elaina's engaged? Who was that?" Nico sighed and got off the floor. "That was Jake. Last time I checked, he was just her boyfriend but apparently that changed. He lives in Norway during the winter and fall because he is VP of a big company over there. It's weird seeing him with her. They're polar opposites." Nico explained, sitting back on the couch. Jason sat up and grabbed Nico's hand hesitantly. When the boy didn't pull away, he tightened his grip. "Well, I guess Thomson was correct." "What?" Nico turned towards him. Jason grinned and lightly kissed his nose, causing Nico to blush. "Opposites attract." . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Epilogue Nico was squished. Literally, he was squished between Eliana and Hazel, who were both jumping up in excitement. Everyone in the stands had coats and scarves on, since the chilly breeze of October had finally hit New York. This included Nico, who was wearing his very warm aviator's jacket, black gloves, and a bright blue scarf that Jason had given him at the beginning of fall. Nico smiled slightly at the thought of his blonde Superman. It had been 3 weeks since they had first gotten together on that Sunday afternoon and Nico had been pretty happy since then. Not a lot changed. They still did their school work at Nico's house and hung out on the weekends with Hazel and Eliana and sometimes Frank. There was just hand holding and a few kisses exchanged now (a cuddling during movie nights but Nico would never admit it) but they had decided not to tell everybody yet. For one, neither of them were fully out of the closet. Nico had finally told most of their shared friends (well those who didn't already know) and Jason had told his sister. But Jason's stepmom was still an obstacle neither of them were ready to tackle and Nico didn't want everyone in their business. The only ones who knew were Eliana, Hazel, Frank, and Reyna. (And probably Piper but Nico decided to ignore that one.) But the terrible thing about dating a football player? You were expected to go to the games. And at the beginning, they weren't that bad, but with the cold setting in, Nico was wondering how he could get out of them. But that didn't matter at this point. It was the last 30 seconds of the game and their team only needed one touchdown to win the game, which meant that they had a shot at play offs this year. And number 52, Frank Zhang, has the ball. And he passes it! Look at it go. Pass complete by number 23, Jason Grace. He's off! 20 more yards to go! That boy is flying down the field! 10 yards…5 yards…and Touchdown! Jason Grace has made the winning touchdown and had giving Athens High School a chance at the playoffs! It will be the first time in 4 years since we have gotten this opportunity! The fans are rushing out of the stands and onto the field to congratulate Grace. And the commentators weren't kidding when they said running. One minute, Nico is cheering as he sees Jason cross into the end zone and the next, he is being dragged by Hazel and leaping over the fence to reach Jason. His teammates got to him first, holstering him up on their shoulders and chanting his name, but Nico and Hazel had arrived second. Jason was set down and Hazel gave him a big hug and said congrats before going to find Frank. Nico stood in front of Jason and smirked. "Good job, Superman. Looks like you saved the day again." He joked. Jason had a giant grin on his face. "If I'm Superman, then that makes you Lois Lane right?" Nico frowned slightly. "Yeah, I guess. But what does-" "Then I need my congratulations kiss." With that, Jason wrapped an arm around Nico's waist and pulled him into a kiss. Nico automatically put his arms around Jason's Neck and pulled him closer. It was only after Jason pulled away that Nico remembered where he was. It appeared Jason did too. Letting go of each other, they turned to see that the crowd was staring at them in silence. It was broken though when Percy let out a whistle and turned towards Annabeth. "That will be 10 bucks, Wise Girl. Told you these two were dating." He said. Money was being exchanged throughout the crowd. Nico blushed and gave Percy a glare. "You were betting on our relationship?" Percy grinned. "Yep! 3 cheers for Jason and his boyfriend Nico!" The crowd roared, causing both of them to blush. Jason smiled slightly and wrapped an arm around Nico. "Looks like we're out." Nico gave him a glare. "Let go of me, you're sweaty. I'll wait outside for you. But take a shower." Nico commanded, getting out of Jason's grip and walking towards the exit. Jason chuckled. "Don't be like that Nico!" Eliana came over and put a hand on Jason's shoulder. "Good job Grace. Seems like you scored twice today." She said. A creepy grin came across her face. "Speaking of which, I haven't given you the talk. Come on Grace, get going. Let's get this over with." As she walked away, Jason was still grinning. He was perfectly happy with things. "Congratulations, Mr. Grace. I see that you are having a good night." A voice said. Jason turned. Ms. Demenchi was smiling at him, a knowing look in her eyes. "It seems like my experiment worked." "What experiment?" Ms. Demenchi smile grew. "I redid the Thomson experiment, Mr. Grace. It seems that it still stands today." After that, began to walk away. "You're welcome, Mr. Grace."