defensive position, Fýlo simply stabbing his sword forward, just enough for his blade to scrape against Percy's, before he forcibly rotated his own sword, Percy's following its path of rotation, Fýlo making it spin an entire circle before he jerked his sword to his right, and Percy, still dazed from the blow to his neck, couldn't hold onto Riptide, the jerking motion Fýlo made it undergo causing Percy to let go of it. It sailed through the air, clattering loudly against the floor, and Percy looked at it in a moment of fear before he looked at Fýlo, who made the motion for a final stab, moving forward unabatedly. Letting his instincts take over, Percy felt his stomach churning, a column of water shooting itself towards Fýlo from the pool of water present in the throne room, at a frightening speed, a tendril wrapping around Fýlo's wrist and sword hilt, Percy not giving him a split second to react before he willed the water backwards, it sailing through the air and clattering against the ground just like Riptide. Fýlo copied Percy's actions, looking at his fallen weapon, only to see that another tendril of water had grasped Riptide, whipping it towards Percy, who caught it by the hilt, him swinging the sword forward, it barely an inch from cutting into Fýlo's neck. They stared at each other, both at a loss for breath, and Fýlo sighed sadly, closing his eyes. "I suppose that means you win then." "Yes. So stick to what you said would happen if I won." "I know." Percy suddenly felt tiredness sink into his bones, him losing the ability to stand, Fýlo still standing over him as he collapsed on the ground. "What...?" Percy looked up at Fýlo, "What's going on?" "You don't have to worry. I'm just going to put you to sleep for a little while. When you wake up, everything will be the same as before." "How do I know I can trust you?" "You don't." Fýlo replied bluntly, crouching down over him, "But before you doze off, tell me one thing." Percy's expression told him to continue. "Would you ever be okay with your brother, Tyson, dying?" "What?" He stared incredulously, "Of course I wouldn't be!" "Alright then. I just wanted to give you a warning of things to come, since this is what you've chosen to do." Fýlo narrowed his eyes, "Since you've decided to do this, I'll tell you what will happen to your brother when the demigods take over. There will be a civil war between the descendents of the gods, and one side will be fighting for the gods, and the others for the demigods. Since the people who want for the demigods to be rulers will want to be the only creations other than animals to exist after the gods' creation process, they'll kill off anyone who they don't see as a proper animal or demi-god. When that happens, your brother and his Cyclops friends are going to die too." He gave Percy a moment to let this sink in. "Weren't you going to kill them too?" Percy asked. "No, not the Cyclopses. I'm only going to kill the creations of the gods, not the Titans." "But Poseidon is the father of the cyclops." "Yes, he's the father of some, but we're not talking about fathers and their children, are we? If you actually know anything about the first Titan War, then you should know that Poseidon's trident was created by the cyclops. Poseidon had spent his entire life inside his father's stomach, so unless he found a way to teleport out and create the cyclops, which we both know he couldn't do, then he isn't the creator." "If we're not talking about creations in a parent-child way, then why did you kill the demigods?" Percy tried to lift his head, but couldn't find the strength in his body to. Fýlo poked his head with his index finger, "Have you been listening? I wanted to stop the demigods from taking over Olympus. If I let them live, then that would defeat the purpose of me going through the trouble of doing all of this to begin with. While I'm aware that the cyclops have their loyalties too, I don't care about that." "They'll revolt against you if you force them to be the way you want." Fýlo gave a smile filled with mirth, "I know that, but that won't change the fact that they won't be able have gods and demigods to take the place of the ones that died, right?" Percy scowled up at him. "I'm only telling you this because I want you to know what will happen if you choose for things to go back to the way things were before I ever met you. So I'll ask you one more time, would you rather me save humanity, or would you rather me ressurrect the demigods I killed, and let humanity die?" Again, the smile was nonexistent on his face. "And in case you didn't figure it out, that means your mother will die as well, and Rachael, and anyone else you've come across that isn't a demigod or an animal, if you choose to save the demigods. If you really want to save the demigods, at the price of the humans of this world, then I won't get in your way, I'll just fix it to be the same as before. But if you want to keep your satyr in the afterlife, along with all the other creations of the gods, then I'll let you make your decision. To side with the demigods, or to side with humanity. Those are your choices Percy." Fýlo looked down, reluctance in his eyes, then said one word, it just loud enough for the boy to hear. "Choose. Also guys Pm me if you want to help me with future And if you want to make a chapter send it to me and send me the chapter