but there was no use in anger over it. He had too many other emotions to feel. Suddenly, being in that office was too much. The world felt as though it was closing in on him, and he couldn't breathe. Jason made his way out without a word, his own feelings threatening to strangle him. He didn't know much about how he felt after he discovered all this- he only knew that he could never go back to Piper. Reyna felt good when she was dropped off by Will and Nico and Camp Jupiter. She felt as though all her weariness had been relieved, and that she could once again take on the world. This wonderful, light feeling only lasted for as long as it took her to walk down to the hall where her office was, where she came face-to-face with the embodiment of her misery- Jason Grace. All at once, that weariness came back to her. She once again felt the heavy weight on her shoulders that had very nearly pressed her into the ground before as she looked into those eyes the color of the mid-morning sky. Her heart ached, and for the first time since she had seen him after their reunion, she faltered, turning to leave. ¨Reyna,¨ he called after her, grabbing her arm, ¨Reyna, please.¨ ¨Please what, Jason?¨ She tried to be strong, but her voice just sounded dull and emotionless. "No, no Rey, please don't go all stiff on me like that," his voice was pleading, his hand still on her arm. "I know what that means, now, your body language... Gods of Olympus, I hadn't before, I never knew I was hurting you so much," Jason ran a strong, muscular hand through his hair. "I remember now." Panic, like a paralytic, spread from her chest outward. "Remember what?" she asked, her voice almost inaudible "Everything," Jason breathed. "Gods, Reyna, I remember everything. I remember so much... I am so, so sorry, I had no idea- why didn't you tell me? You let me hurt you so much, and I'm so angry with you because you didn't tell me what a jerk I was being... Reyna, why didn't you tell me that I loved you?" There was a kind of desperation in his eyes, and Reyna felt a bit sick. "I… Well, I mean, you don't now, because, you know, you have Piper, and I just thought that I would come between you-" "You don't say. Reyna, nothing, absolutely nothing that I had with Piper even compares to what I feel for you. I love you Reyna, so very, very much. She and I are through, and that breakup took me here to you, where I realize that I belong," Jason put both hands on her cheeks, "That is, if you'll have me. After all that I have done, I wouldn't blame you if you never wanted to speak to me again forgot that I loved you, and I don't know how to apologize for that." "I- you love me?" Reyna was still in a bit of a shock, unable to form more than one-syllable words. "Gods, Reyna," Jason smashed his lips against hers, and electricity, literal electricity, shot through her body, making her skin tingle and her hair stand on end.. "Of course. How could I not, reliving every little moment we had? I relived that night, when we were together under the stars. You were so beautiful, and you practically glowed as I ripped your clothes off. That night, I learned that just a little bit of electricity in the right places could make you make the most exquisite noises," he kissed her again, his tongue slipping into her mouth. Once they could breathe again, he began to speak again."Oh, Rey, I remember everything." "Jason," she pulled away, brushing disheveled hair out of her face. "Wait just a second." He paused, and fear filled his features. She reached up and traced his lips with her fingers, pausing over the little scar from the stapler he tried to eat as a child. She traced every line of his face, as though memorizing the feel of it. He closed his eyes, letting her do as she willed, which was somehow soothing to Reyna's relieved, and yet somehow troubled mind. "I love you," she whispered in his ear as she traced the line of his throat. "And you love me. This is true?" "Yes. Well, I assume you love me," his deep voice resonated through his chest. "I think it's safe to say that since you haven't killed me yet that you do. This is true?" he peeked through the lashes of one azure eye, and Reyna laughed. "This is true. And you would like to resume our relationship where we last left off?" "Well, a little more official, but yes." "I see." Jason opened both of his eyes. "Reyna, what are you thinking." "I'm thinking that you owe my dogs a visit." "Holy Zeus, I think you're right," he replied, looking slightly horrified. "I haven't played fetch with them in over a year!" "And when you're tired of that?" she laughed. "Dinner," Jason grinned. "And after that?" "I think there is something else we haven't done in over a year." Reyna gave him a look. "You didn't do that with Piper, did you?" Jason shook his head. "No. It was always too awkward for me. I guess I know why now." Reyna grinned, her heart soaring. "Excellent." "I love you." "I love you too." Reyna walked out, hand-in-hand with Jason, happier than she'd been in a long time. Sometimes, it was easier depending on someone than not. She was beginning to think that maybe humans weren't designed to function alone, but required at least some level of partnership. And what better partners than a daughter of Bellona, a warrior woman with a heart of pure titanium, and a son of Zeus, prince of the sky? Together, there was nothing they could not do.