ready?" "Yep! Let's go!" I grabbed his hand and dragged him to his car. He waved to my Dad, who was standing by the door and chuckled as I continued dragging him. I let go of his hand when we reached his truck and he opened the door for me. I smiled and stepped into the car. "Why thank you good sir." He smiled and winked at me. "You're so very welcome." He shut the door and I sighed happily. He got in the driver's side and honked as we drove out of my driveway. I turned on the radio and checked my phone. I saw I had a message from my Dad and I opened it. ' Have fun on your date! Be home by 11.' I giggled and looked over at Cody. He smiled at me then turned back to the road. I leaned back in my seat and listened to the radio with a smile on my face. Cody: "Cody! Lunch is ready!" I flipped my hair out of my eyes and walked down the stairs. I moved out of the way as my little sister Natasha ran by me. I smiled at her and sat down. My Dad was talking with my Mom so I just grabbed the sandwich on the counter. I checked the time. Ok I need to be at Emily's in twenty minutes. "Cody are you and Emily dating?" I turned to look at my sister with wide eyes. "No! We're friends. Why would you ask me that?" "Because you guys hang out all the time and you have been best friends forever! So you should fall in love!" "Um Tasha we're friends ok? We're not in love." "But you guys flirt all the time." I gave her an annoyed look. "And how would you know what flirting is?" She rolled her eyes and held up eight fingers. "Um hello! I'm eight now! I'm practically grown up now." "Well I'm 17." My Mom smiled over at us. "So Cody what are you and Emily doing today?" I sighed and started to put my shoes on. "Nothing Mom. We're just seeing a movie." "That's it?" "Yes that's it." I said trying to keep the irritation out of my voice. My family thinks Emily and I are going to fall in love. I don't see it happening. She's beautiful sure… and funny, and smart, but she's just my friend. It's been that way forever. I've known her for 12 years and in those 12 years she's become my best friend. My name is Cody Anderson. I'm 17 years old. I have dirty blonde hair and blue eyes. I'm a good looking guy if I say so myself. I'm a receiver for the football team at my school, but I also can play the drums. I started playing a couple years ago. It's a nice hobby though the noise can sometimes drive my family insane. Football helped my gain some friends so I'm pretty popular. I checked my watch and saw I needed to leave to get Emily now. "Alright guys I'm going!" "Have fun sweetheart!" "Ah honey do you remember our first date?" "I sure do." I groaned and tried to find my keys so I could finally leave. "Your still as beautiful as you were back then." I made a disgusted face at my love-struck parents. "Gross Dad don't flirt with Mom…it's just wrong!" "Ah son someday you'll learn. Happy wife happy life!" I finally found my keys and I practically ran out of my house. I ran the doorbell to Emily's house and waited. I know how rich she is but she isn't rude and conceited like some rich people might be. She's still as sweet as she's always been. When she opened the door I smiled at her and was surprised when she grabbed my hand and raced towards my truck. I waved back towards her Dad and chuckled at the adorable girl currently dragging me across her lawn. She let go of me when we reached the car. I unlocked it and opened the door for her. She smiled sweetly at me and got in. "Why thank you kind sir!" "You're very welcome." I quickly walked over to the driver's side and turned on the car. I honked as I pulled out of her driveway. I smiled at Emily as she turned on the radio. We sat in comfortable silence until we drove past a moving truck parked outside of a house. Emily looked out of the window and tilted her head to one side. "I wonder who's moving in?" "I'm not sure…So you know what movie you want to see?" Emily looked once more at the house and then turned to me. We spent the rest of the ride talking about movies and the upcoming school year. Alright so how was that guys? You'll learn more about them as the story continues. I wrote drafts for the first 3 or 4 chapters so I should have the next one up either late tomorrow night after my wrestling tournament or early Sunday morning! Also this story is sort of for my friend and I. She and I both suffer from depression and this is sort of a hurt comfort thing. It also has romance though because well...gotta love those romantic feely feels! If you couldn't tell this will have a lot of music and songs in it. Music has helped me when I've been having a hard time so I wanted to write a story about something involving that. You'll learn more about Annabeth's past in later chapters! I made Percy a happy go lucky guy because he just kind of strikes me as one! Cody and Emily are just characters I wanted to add. I was going to use other PJO characters but then I wouldn't have the freedom to design their personality's and pasts you know? Anyway! Hope you guys liked it. Review Follow and Favorite! Love you guys.