they figured this song was perfect for a summer fling." "I love this song," Jason says, settling back into his seat. Percy glances over at him, then turns the song up a little louder. A moment later, Percy's voice, purposefully off-key and out of sync, begins singing along with The Mowgli's. " Well, I've been in love with love and the idea of —" "Shut up!" Jason laughs, gently shoving Percy's shoulder. "You're completely butchering it." "Oh, I suppose you think you can do better?" Percy mock-challenges. Jason smirks and rolls his eyes. "I don't sing." Percy sings along with the lyrics even louder, and Jason groans. But he's too stubborn to give in and sing, so he just skips the song and drowns out Percy's indignant complaints by pitching the volume louder and louder. "Walk the Moon?" Jason asks. It's one of his favorites, too. "Your friends—Annabeth and Rachel. They're not complete hipsters, are they?" Percy only laughs, and he sings along with this song, too, but softer, in tune, and in line with the lyrics. Jason rests his head against the back of the chair and sighs contentedly as he listens to Percy's voice, which is surprisingly good now that he's not purposefully making it sound awful. " I lose the feeling in my fingertips ," Percy sings, his voice gravelly, and Jason thinks he could get lost in the sound of that voice. " When you are close to me, I shiver ." The windows are unrolled so that Jason and Percy can hear the music playing in the car from their perches on the swing set. They're not actually swinging back and forth—more like idling in one place as they smoke their cigarettes and try (and fail) to blow smoke rings. "Shit!" Percy cries. "I was so close just then!" Jason laughs. "You weren't!" he protests. "That was even worse than the last time!" Percy laughs, kicking his legs back and forth lazily. "I'll get there eventually," he swears. Jason smirks, but doesn't say anything. He looks up at the sky and takes in the moon and the stars, and wonders what it'd be like to be a star, shining so intently above all the meaningless problems on earth. "You think," he begins, surprising himself, since he hadn't meant to speak aloud. "If I was a star, do you think anyone would make wishes on me?" Percy is quiet for a moment, and Jason tears his gaze away from the sky to look at him. Percy's eyes are fixed on the stars, his dilated pupils reflecting their light. "Yeah," Percy says eventually, and Jason watches him. "I think a few people would." He drops his gaze, meeting Jason's eye. "I think a lot of people would overlook you, though. They'd take you for granted; they'd think your shine wasn't as bright as the other stars'." Jason frowns, looking away from Percy, back up at the sky. Percy's voice is soft as he continues. "But the few people who did wish on you… I bet they'd be the lucky ones. I bet they'd be the ones whose wishes actually came true. They'd spend the rest of their lives glad that they wished on you." Blood rushes to Jason's cheeks, and he looks back at Percy. "How are you so articulate?" he complains. Percy only laughs in response, blowing out a puff of smoke as he stands and rubs his arms through the sleeves of his hoodie. "It's a little chilly," he says. "Let's get blankets from the truck." What they end up doing is sprawling in the truck bed on top of the blankets, lying with their sides pressed together to exchange enough body heat to keep warm in the slightly chilly air, but neither boy complains. "You did, you know," Jason says after the last track on the mixed tape—a folk tune by last year's American Idol winner, whose name neither boy can remember—begins. "Did what?" Percy asks. It's late now—they've spent at least four hours in the park. Jason's dad is going to kill him when he gets home, but he can't bring himself to care. All that matters is being here, with Percy. "You know." Jason's cheeks flush slightly. "You caught my interest." Percy's hand moves down Jason's arm to his hand, and he knots their fingers together. "Yeah," Percy breathes, "I know." They lie quietly next to each other, bodies pressed against each other, fingers twined together. After a moment, Percy rolls onto his side, leaning over Jason. "I think I'd like it, too," Percy whispers. Jason raises a brow. "You'd like what?" Percy smiles. "Kissing you." And Percy leans down and captures Jason's lips, kissing him thoroughly, deeply. His tongue prods into Jason's mouth, and n that moment, Jason doesn't mind at all that he might end up being nothing more than the summer fling Percy's friends hoped Percy would have. The mixed tape crackles to an end, pauses, and then starts over. The chords for the first song begin again, and as Jason moans into Percy's mouth, he lets the lyrics wash over him. And right there, where we stood, was holy ground. Fin. I've listed the tracks on the mixed tape here, in case anyone wants to know all of the songs the boys were jamming to (: Holy Ground Playlist: Holy Ground—Taylor Swift What If—Colbie Caillat Old White Lincoln—Gaslight Anthem Addicted—Saving Abel The Rock Show—Blink 182 Sugar, We're Goin' Down—Fall Out Boy Bubbly—Colbie Caillat My Songs Know What you Did In The Dark—Fall Out Boy The City—Ed Sheeran Come On Get Higher—Matt Nathanson Enchanted—Taylor Swift Everything Has Changed—Taylor Swift Collide—Howie Day I'm Coming After you—AtomicTom Kiss Me—Ed Sheeran Long Live—Taylor Swift Starlight—Taylor Swift State of Grace [Acoustic Version]—Taylor Swift Stolen—Dashboard Confessional This—Ed Sheeran Treacherous—Taylor Swift Out of Summertime—Scotty McCreery Wake Me Up—Ed Sheeran Your Body is a Wonderland—John Mayer You and Me—Lifehouse You're Beautiful—James Blunt Yellow—Coldplay San Francisco—The Mowgli's Shiver—Walk The Moon Anywhere But Here—Mayday Parade So Easy—Phillip Phillips