he considered her one of his – he laughed at the thought – best friend. When they reach the battle at camp half-blood, Leo and the rest find Nico fighting a bunch of monsters. Grinning, he shouted, "Hey, Sunny-Side Up! We're here!" Nico confused, turned around to see Leo. Nico laughed when the battle ended, they were alive. The prophecy wasn't complete but gods, they were alive. To storm or fire the world must fall, An oath to keep with a final breath He, Jason, and Percy had attacked Gaea and yet, they were all alive. Gaea is gone, all of them alive. What was the oath part of the prophecy? Nico knew what the oath part of the prophecy meant. In the midst of battle, gods and demigods distracted it was the perfect time to go to Ogygia. Leo turned to urge Nico to celebrate with them, but he was gone into the shadows. "I'm back." Nico had said. He was definitely in Ogygia. He heard Calypso choke on her breathe. "Nico!" Calypso ran to him. "But- How- It's impossible!" "Do you need to bring anything with you?" "No, but-" Nico didn't let her breathe another word, took her arm, brought her to camp half-blood. Leo was in the mess hall celebrating, while Chiron was giving out a speech. Then Nico appeared, holding an eerily familiar woman, and knocking over the table. It was- "Calypso?" Nico turned to Percy, who was the first to talk with his surprise. Leo had laughed, unbelievable. Nico smiled, showed Calypso around. She said she was to stay at New Rome and would visit often. When Calypso was gone and so were the celebrations, Leo visited Nico. "Want some breakfast?" When Leo barged in on Nico's cabin asking for breakfast, Nico didn't object. Leo gave him sunny-side up and talked a lot. Leo invited Nico over to Cabin 9. He taught Nico how to cook eggs. Nico was glad for Leo as a distraction. It was August 18, Percy's birthday and Leo gave him an eraser that worked as a shield. It was August 18, Percy's birthday and Nico got him candy. A year later, Leo had gone back to high school. A year later, Nico had also gone back to high school. When they visited Percy and Annabeth at New Rome, Leo had joked about being an uncle soon. Nico felt lighter when he visited Percy and Annabeth. He saw Percy's eyes and smile and laugh, although it made him happy, it didn't give him the same feeling years ago. It didn't make him feel like he was on top of the world. Nico smiled knowing this, if he could face Cupid, he could do this. "Hey, Perce." He said smiling. "You know, years ago, you used to be the first love of a really messed up kid." Leo invited Nico for breakfast often during their high-school years. When they graduated school, Percy and Annabeth had announced a child. Percy asked Nico to be another a godparent along with Grover and Rachel. Nico agreed, not feeling selfish or resentment. Next time Leo saw Nico, Leo was 24, a bit taller, still curly hair, had a mechanic store. He was Piper and Jason's child's godparent and visited Calypso sometimes. Nico was 22 when he met Leo again. He visited Reyna and Calypso often. He was taller, he had cut his hair a bit, looked much more healthier. When Leo saw Nico walk into his shop, he grinned and asked if he wanted breakfast even if it was four in the afternoon. Nico chuckled, agreeing to Leo who served him eggs and bacon with OJ this time. Leo made him breakfast everyday, despite what time Nico came in. When Nico left one day, he heard Leo's laugh and the ever familiar feeling in his stomach of flying. Calypso once asked Leo on one of his visits what was he always so preoccupied with nowadays and he said Nico's been coming by often and she laughed. He told Piper what's been going on with Nico di Angelo and Calypso laughing and Nico di Angelo. She said, "Go ask him out." When Nico came over the next week, playing with the radio and trying to play something good— "Wana go out with me?" Nico felt cold, who told him and like hell did he need pity. Leo stopped tinkering around the truck in front of him, noticing Nico's silence. "Uhm, I may not have taken the fact that you might not be into boys and all because you had a crush on Annabeth but Piper said it was a good idea and all so—" Despite years of angst over this simple factor, Nico slowly nodded his head. Leo was about to pay but Nico rolled his eyes at him and gave the waitress the money and a tip before Leo could say anything. Nico didn't look at anyone in the eye when Leo announced outloud that they have been dating, turning more scarlet with Percy and Jason gave out a rowdy cheer. Piper winked at Leo, Frank joked when was his turn to be an uncle. They had a lot more dates, for a about three years. Leo hears them talk about Nico di Angelo on the streets constantly, it was like all those years ago. He knew everything about 'Nico', to that he's a son of Hades to his gossiped sexuality. Leo gave Nico di Angelo all the thoughts in his mind that day, because today he was getting married to the one and only. Nico is stuck in a room. They took up the dumb superstition of not seeing the other before the wedding. He looks handsome (according to Reyna) and he feels so happy, he's trying to repress sobs of the last few years, of how wonderful it's been. He's had three pieces of gum and can barely feel or think except that oh gods he's going to get married soon and Leo Valdez.