too. He pushes Jason back a couple steps. "I used to be a whore ," he hisses. "I'm not some delicate thing that you have to protect and save and rescue." Jason sets his jaw tight. "It's an easy question, Luke. Do you like me or not?" Luke kisses him, hard and bruising, instead of answering. Something tells him that Jason knows what he means, anyways. Luke's roommates include two boys, twins, named Connor and Travis, who tease him relentlessly for the dumb look he wears on his face when he comes back in later that night, wrung out from an orgasm and dizzy from the way Jason kissed him goodnight. And Luke almost doesn't care. Jason's cousin, Percy, brings their other cousin, Nico, Hazel's half-brother, with him when he returns. Another happy reunion, Luke thinks, until he watches the other kid who came with them, one who looks awfully familiar, climb back into the RV they arrived in and take off again. Sitting around the campfire that night, Nico looks miserable, and Luke—doesn't blame him. He listens as Nico explains in a hollow voice that Will was the first person he'd met, after the world went to shit, and that Will was all he had, and he listens as one of the other campers, Jake, mentions that Will was his ex-boyfriend, that they shared a house and a life together in Arizona, had moved there after spending a year in Connecticut, and Luke finally figures out why this guy, Will, looked so familiar. His photography student, the one with three hundred and sixty-five pictures of the same goddamn sunset. So that's what happened to him, Luke thinks. He lost everything and then he lost himself. Jason's hand slides into Luke's and Luke clings tight, because he's already lost himself—he's not ready to lose everything else. Jason seeks him out, one night, tugs him close by his belt loops and pecks his mouth, quick and sweet, and says, "I'm tired of hanging out here waiting for something interesting to happen. Let's get out of here. Let's… Rome. Let's go to Rome. You and me." "You and me," Luke agrees, before ducking back in for another, longer kiss, "Rome." (They were never going to make it that far.) Luke has millions of pictures of Jason on his camera. His favorite is from another mini war, Jason against a dozen corpses, Luke taking pictures instead of helping because he knows Jason can handle this. And if he can't, Luke knows he can help. The particular photograph in question shows Jason at his most fierce, his most powerful, and it makes Luke think about those roman statues again, about how this is the balance between sculptures of gods and corpses hanging from trees: Jason Grace. When Jason Grace dies, Luke adds just one more picture to the millions already on his camera. It's a mistake. It's a dumb mistake. There's a crackle over the car radio and Percy Jackson's voice announcing that they've found a cure, and Jason is excited, and Luke kisses him, and then the Camaro is wrapped around a tree and Jason isn't breathing. And even though he's shaking and crying, Luke takes a picture now, too, to immortalize Jason just like one of those roman statues that he never got to see. Jason was a balance between the worst of things and everything good in the world. Jason was life and air and brightness and the only good thing to ever happen to Luke, but he never once shied away from Luke's darkness, from his morbid fascination with taking pictures of corpses or the whore Luke used to be. And Luke thinks, if something like Jason can end as dark as this, wrapped around a tree and covered in blood, glass shards a necklace embedded in his skin… Well. That'd be a pretty good metaphor for Luke's life, wouldn't it? He finds someone with a boat and a radio farther up the coast. Ethan, his name is, and he's got an eyepatch from some hell the end of the world caused. "Jason's dead," Luke tells Percy over the radio, his voice flat and lifeless, and Ethan watches him with his good eye as he gets ready to leave port. "I thought you should know." Percy is yelling something, heartbroken, but it's drowned out by the blood roaring in Luke's ears. "I'm not coming back," he says, when Annabeth takes over the call. "There's nothing for me there." "No," she agrees, "there's not. Where are you going?" "Rome," Luke says. Then he shuts the radio off. "Ready?" Ethan asks. He is. It takes a long time to get to Rome, longer than Luke expected. When they do, he steps off of the boat and onto the ground and he looks at this city, bustling with life, and he realizes a couple things very quickly. The first: The world never ended. It was only America. And the second: Rome is not the same without Jason. Luke has this idea in his head, of how things would be if Jason had made it this far, and reality, he realizes, will never compare. Jason was a roman statue that never found its way home, and Luke only has photographs to say that he ever existed at all. Luke looks up at the roman statues he always missed so much and thinks that he'd still rather have Jason. The statues dull in comparison to his lost Roman. "When in Rome," he writes on the back of a postcard, "do as the Romans do." He downs a handful of oxycontin and a bottle of Jack and lays down on the grass underneath one of the roman statues, takes a pictures of the bottle and one of himself (the first and last he'll ever take), and never gets back up again. Four snapshots. One for before his mother was diagnosed and one for after, and one for when Jason died and one for when Luke did.