rolled her eyes at the time, but I had noticed that she had since bought more and worn them more often. "Walk of shame?" Swift laughed, stretching her torso as she looked at the two of us. "Don't tell Sam," Kate shook her head hurriedly, and Swift nodded as she looked at the two of us, straightening up. Swift was trying, but she still had her intimidating ways. Her stance wasn't that of war, but it wasn't peaceful. It was still calculating, preparing to strike whenever it was needed. She trusted us, I know she did. But she still felt out of her element here. She was supposed to be doing the dirty work that New Rome wanted unseen, not getting the laundry together. It would take her time, and she may never be absolutely calm. "Don't worry, I won't tell him. Besides, I'm wearing these. He won't ask," she put her hands on her hips, motioning towards her black workout pants. Kate clutched her stomach and wrinkled her nose as she thought about it, and I wasn't taking it too well either. " Ew. " "On that note, let's leave before Sam wakes up," I took Kate's hand, and I began to pull her to the door. "Why are you leaving before Sam wakes up?" We all froze. We looked back, and there he was. Sam stumbled out of his room, ruffling his hair. He was shirtless, showing a tattoo on his waist that read Theodora . I had thought they had been kidding, but I came home home one day and they were both moaning and groaning about the pain of their latest had matching tattoos of each other's formal first name. Sam had Swift's real name, Theodora, and Swift had Samuel written in matching cursive on their waists. He was pouring himself a cup of coffee as he looked back at us. "Oh gods," he muttered, staring at Kate, and he looked away for a moment before going to the top cabinet. His hands wrapped around a bottle of Vodka, and he poured a bit into his coffee before taking a large gulp. He took a deep breath, looking back at the two of us. Kate and I had been dating all summer, but I almost felt like I should be on the opposite side of this situation. While Sam took a shot of Vodka, I felt like I should have been preparing to kill the suitor of Kate. I should have had my arms crossed, my eyes fixed in a glare that could kill. Instead, I was the boyfriend. For the first time, Sam and I were at opposite sides of something. We wouldn't be the same again. He was still my best friend, and I was his. But things were different. For both of us. Sam was in love. He had grown up, and so had I. We couldn't go back to before this summer, and we never could. We were happy in our lives, and it wasn't like they were completely separate. We would always be like brothers, and we would always be close. But we could feel it. "Alright, I know you two sleep together. I can handle that. I know you guys are together and happy. But do you have to come out of his room in the morning in his clothes?" Sam whined, and Kate smirked. "Your girlfriend is telling us all about how you love her workout pants," Kate crossed her arms. Sam turned a bright red, and his eyes moved to Swift with a questioning look. "You're wearing his clothes!" he pointed at my shirt that was hanging on her body. " Workout pants ," Kate shook her head, crinkling her nose. Swift rolled her eyes, and she took Sam's arm, wrapping it around her. "Both of you knew your sibling was sleeping with someone in this room. Calm down," Swift rolled her eyes, and I smiled at Swift. "I agree with her." Sam rolled his eyes as his arm tightened around around his girlfriend, and his hand moved to rest on her waist. "So, where were you two going when you said you needed to sneak out from me?" Sam asked, raising his eyebrows. "I was just taking Kate home." "Are you going to tell Dad where you were then?" Sam laughed. Kate rolled her eyes, her hand reaching out to mine. I accepted her hand in mind, squeezing it. I resisted the urge to bring her hand to my lips and kiss it as I usually did. "Come on, Noah, let's go home," she started to pull me out of the door, and I closed it behind me. As we got into the elevator, Kate stared at the door, shaking her head. "Workout pants," she crinkled her nose. "About that, have you ever considered wearing those short of pants?" I teased. Kate turned and glared at me. "You were looking at her butt, weren't you?" "She was facing us!" I laughed, "How could I look at her butt?" "But you do look at her butt." "Good gods, your butt is my favorite butt, okay?" I rolled my eyes, kissing her cheek. "Alright, but I know you like her butt…." she sang. So, I will actually be skipping two years, but I wanted to show where they were at the end of the summer. I am not really sure why I did, but I did. Also, for anyone new joining this line there have been two stories before this. You've Got Mail, which was the original. Then, there was All is Fair in Love and War, which was the sequel. You don't need to read either, but they are out there if you would like to read it. I hope you enjoyed this. Also, I would love some help with the description? I have no idea what to put there to gain some new readers and just make people want to read my story. I would love feedback!