it looked like the sky and the sea were boiling together while lightning flashed around the beach. Tears finally began to fall from her eyes as each word was like a dagger to her heart. She made a mistake. A terrible mistake. Percy turned away from the sobbing daughter of Athena and turned to the smug looking son of Zeus. " Whatcha gonna now Jackson?" Zane sneered, "You got nothing left. I got the younger campers praise and them to follow me. I got your friends to leave you. I took you friends from you. I got your fame and power at this camp! I took away the one safe place that felt like home for you!" He began to laugh uproariously. " Gods! I even took the love of your lif-!" That was as far as he got before Percy surged forward as placed a thunderous right hook directly in the middle of Zane's face. Blood spurted out of Zane's now broken nose as Zane struggled to sit up and spit out sand and broken teeth. " I know what you did." Percy said in a cold voice, "I didn't care before because I not a conceited, power-crazed, self-centered brat like you. I could care less about fame and power! But once you started taking my friends from me and my girlfriend, you crossed a line and now, you're gonna pay!" Percy yelled as he unloaded another haymaker into Zane's face. Percy unloaded blow after blow on Zane as he feebly tried to ward off the enraged son of Poseidon's attacks. Percy summoned water from the sea, formed it into a solid column of water and blasted Zane 20 feet back were Zane laid moaning and groaning from the beat down he received. Percy turned away from the moaning demigod and began to walk away when a voice stopped him. " Percy! I'm sorry!" Please forgive me!" Annabeth sobbed out as she struggled to her feet trying to get to Percy. Without turning around, he replied in voice that was worse than a voice of anger and rage; it was a voice dead and emotionless, one that cut Annabeth to the core. " I guess you were right before Chase; children of Poseidon and Athena don't mix after all." With that parting comment, he sprinted off to the forest, ignoring the pain in his heart and the desperate pleas of Annabeth behind him. " No! Percy, Please! I didn't mean it like that! This was a mistake! Please! NO!" Annabeth screamed out desperately, trying to somehow get him to come back to her. She ran forward and suddenly tripped and landed face-first in the sand. She turned back and saw she tripped on the box that Percy dropped. With trembling hands, she opened it to see the silver ring sitting there in its simple glory. Her eyes widened in farther and tears were now pouring from her eyes trailing down her cheeks. " Oh gods, what have I done?" She sobbed out as she clutched to ring to her chest as she broke down. Zane sat a few feet away with a bloody, smug smile that looked more like a grimace and a triumphant look on his face. It didn't matter that he just got his ass handed to him and thoroughly beaten by Jackson. He had finally broken and beaten the Son of Poseidon. Now there was nothing left to stand in his way to take over and run this camp! However, he couldn't ignore that cold tingle in the back of his mind that said that he would regret what he did as he remembered the hardened look of hatred in Percy's cold sea-green eyes. Percy ran as fast as he could, trying to get away from the beach and the pain that was flowing through his crushed heart. He made it to the middle of the woods before falling to his knees and letting out a massive roar of pain, hurt and rage. A massive storm was whipping around the camp and a massive earthquake hit, shaking everything within the camp's borders. Cabins started to creak, crack, and crumple and the forest trees were blown back and flattened from the power Percy was emitting. After his anger passed and his rage ran out, Percy looked around stunned at what he did and he made a made dash for his cabin. He made it back to his cabin and flung the door open. He pulled out a small backpack and began to fill it with essentials: nectar, ambrosia, a few sets of clothes, some power bars, bottles of water, a spar dagger, his Minotaur horn, and some mortal cash and drachmas. He had to get out of here. He had to leave this place; the place that was once home and filled with a family and friend he always craved for was now nothing but a pace filled with hurt, heartbreak, and betrayal. He finished packing and after scribbling a quick note addressed to Chiron, he walked out of his cabin, out of Camp Halfblood, and out of the only place he truly felt completely accepted. Flashback End- Sitting on the beach, Percy reflected on those painful memories and wondered why did the fates hate him so much? Hasn't he done enough to deserve some peace and happiness? Apparently not. Pushing up from the ground, Percy began his trek once more to get away from Camp Halfblood as fast as he could. He needed to come up with a plan to take care of his demigod scent or he wouldn't last very long. Wait! Didn't Leo, Piper, Jason say that they ran into Medea once and she had all sorts of potions for all types of stuff? Maybe there was a potion that could get rid of his scent! That's a good place to start as any, Percy thought as he began walking once again. So what did you guys think? Good start? Please leave a review!