the power of an avenger of Artemis. The only two souls that would qualify is a dead Hunter of Artemis, or a maiden who died while having been tasked to free her; and seeing as all the hunters' spirits go into the sky-" " We need Bianca's spirit to power the engine." Annabeth suddenly interrupted. Nico's facial features darkened immensely and the shadows pooled at his feet menacingly. He twisted the ring on his finger. " Is that all? Will her spirit be okay after?" Nico asked, already knowing the answer. " Yes," the girl lied. "She will be fi-" Nico was about to shout out in rage but was beaten to it. " YOU LIAR!" Achilles barked, body stiff with anger. "Both Nico and myself know that once a spirit is tied to an object they cannot be returned to peace! You lying brat!" " Oh yeah?" Annabeth said, suddenly mad herself," And who are you to know something like that?" " His name is Achilles," Nico spoke softly. "And this is Odysseus. They have been my mentors for the last five years, and are my friends as well. Taught me everything I know. You may have heard of them." The dumbstruck looks on all their faces was priceless. " You listen here," Clarisse then growled after collecting herself. "You either hand us over that damned soul now or I'm gonna have to persuade you," the woman smirked. "Last time I remember it didn't take much-"she suddenly stopped at the sword tip resting lightly on her throat. Nico stepped in really close. Percy and the others made a move to help Clarisse, but when Odysseus and Achilles drew their swords with twin looks of warning, they stepped down. " Oh, you can try." Nico whispered in her ear, sending a chill down her sine. "But let's just be reminded of exactly where you are right now, daughter of Ares. I am more powerful than you could even imagine." " You owe us this, Nico!" Percy then snapped. Person in question then turned his head very slowly to fix him with a death glare. " I. Owe. You. NOTHING!" He screamed, changing position so the point of his weapon rested instead on Percy's Adam's apple, and cut a thin red line. "You judged me, tormented me and ridiculed me, forcing me to isolate myself at THIRTEEN! You killed my sister, and now you want me to hand her soul over to you so it can be completely destroyed, after finally being able to talk to her, after she is finally at peace! And why, because of a tiny hoard of monsters? BECAUSE I 'OWE YOU SOMETHING?'" Percy's expression was one of shock. " Nico, I wish things were different, I do. But there's no other way." " THERE'S ALWAYS ANOTHER WAY, DAMN IT! That's why I'm saying no." He suddenly whipped around to face the river. " Go," he whispered. "Get out of my father's realm now before I inform him of your presence. Or I'll take care of you myself. Now." When they didn't move at first, he snapped his fingers, and a skeleton army started crawling out of the ground. " Now!" And they listened. It was soon after when Nico discovered the demigods had snuck back in and stolen his sister's spirit from the Isles of the Blessed that Nico finally snapped. Trapped in a stupid war machine forever now, he would never get her back. She was gone for good. He had raged and screamed and demanded that he go and take revenge on those who wronged him. But his father had denied his requests, for he feared that this would result in a war between the gods. Nico's mind was so bent and twisted with grief and rage that he decided to overthrow his father, and led a rebellion in which he succeeded in. Now he was God of Death, and as first action he decided to replenish his ranks with the souls of every demigod alive. Every one of them. Suddenly Odysseus appeared at his left arm rest. "My Lord," he said. "The warriors are finally ready. All you must do is summon them and they will appear." Nico looked up at his comrade and smiled. "Thank you. You may go tell Achilles the troops are to march as soon as summoned." Then, with a twist of his ring, Nico's sword appeared. He took the blade in his hand with the point to the ground, and slammed it into the marble flooring, sending spiraling cracks across the surface. Then, in the valley below, millions upon millions of skeletons, ghosts, ghouls, and monsters clawed their way up from the dirt, their deafening roars sounding off viciously. The King then stood from his seat, picked up his helmet, and walked toward the railing, and leaned over it slightly. "MY WARRIORS!" He shouted from above. "WE WILL NOW RULE AS THE LAND OF THE DEAD! YOU WILL FIGHT MERCILESSLY IN MY NAME AND BE SURE TO SUCCEED!" This was met with the rhythmic beating of swords on shields as the crowd shouted "Όλα χαλάζι το Ghost βασιλιά!"* The crowd then began to march through the Fields of Asphodel, and to the sandy beaches of the River Styx, which they would cross using shadow travel to surprise the camp. "Oh Percy," Nico Muttered as he pulled on his helmet. "You paid me two visits. How about I return the favor?" Hysterical laughter of an insane man then escaped him as the first skeleton crossed over, followed by Achilles and the rest of his crew. They had no reason to fear him before, but now they sure as hell did. I was originally going to make this a one-shot, but I may do a continuation. Leave a review if you'd like to see how the battle goes between the world of the dead and that of the living! Constructive criticism is also welcomed! *Means 'All Hail The Ghost King!'