eyes flashed with sadness. "I think about it, but I'm much too busy these days. Do you realize how much the mortals harvest? It was so much simpler when they didn't have "weetabix" and "kellogs cornflakes"." Hera pulled her long plait over her shoulders, and cleared her throat loudly, hinting. Demeter rolled her eyes. "Fine. Have a baby by yourself. Just don't make Zeus cause any floods with too much rain, alright?" "Fine. And you, mother?" Rhea blinked slowly. "Why would I object? Of course I give you my blessing." Hera knew her mother would agree; she knew Gaea would agree, and she'd guessed that Demeter would, too; now, as she turned to Leto, she hoped for the same. Leto's eyes were frosty. "You embarrassed me, Hera, for bearing my two children." "You had an affair with my husband. What did you expect? You were in the wrong." "So? There was no need for you to treat me so violently." Hera knew she wouldn't give in. "You were in the wrong," she said again. "You know that." Leto actually looked a little ashamed. "I'm the goddess of motherhood. You're asking my blessing, despite how you treated me." "Yes." There was a tense silence; Gaea looked extremely sad, like a child who just lost their puppy. "No time for sour grapes, daughters. This is the present; that was a millennia ago." Hera took a breath; she could feel what was coming. "Fine," Leto said. "Have the baby. You've got my blessing, but don't expect this truce to last. Once your demigod is born, I go back to the way I was before." "Thank you," Hera breathed. "Thank you all." For a while, they sat discussing things; Demeter even gave her input, and Leto toned down her bitter comments, though they didn't cease completely. So Hera had the blessing of Gaea, Rhea, (goddess of childbirth, fertility and motherhood,), Leto, and Demeter, (goddess of fertility,), and she herself, (goddess of motherhood, childbirth and family,), gave herself her own blessing. She had no reasons whatsoever not to go along with her plan; no powerful goddess' would claim that it was an abomination. Nobody would be mad at her – nobody except for Zeus, which she secretly was delighted by. He'd caused her so much pain over the years. She wanted to see how he'd react to this, whether it be for better or for worse. "For better or for worse. In sickness and in health. For richer and poorer. Till death do us part." She'd been the one to create those words; she'd made them when she fell in love with Zeus and introduced them to the mortal world. Did they even make sense to her anymore? How was she, goddess of marriage, supposed to oversee other marriages when hers was falling apart? She thought back over all the millennia she had dedicated to him; her mind traced over all the women he'd betrayed her for. The divine women: Aega, Ananke, Demeter, Dione, Gaia, Eos, Eris, Leto, Maia, Metis, Mnemosyne, Persephone, Selene, Themis. And what about all of the mortals? There was: Aegina, Alceme, Antiope, Callisto, Carme, Danae, Elara, Electra, Europa, Eurynome, Himalia, Iodame, Io, Lamia, Laodamia, Leda, Maera, Niobe, Olympias, Othreis, Plouto, Podarge, Pyrrha, Semele, Taygete, Thalia. So many women, and there were so many more. What about Thalia Grace, the Hunter? She didn't know who her mother was. Was it some mortal already in the list? Was it somebody new? And who was he out with now? It hurt just to think about it. She knew what people thought about her. Oh, yes, she knew. Jealous, bitter Hera, the one who hated hero's and threw away ugly children. Honestly, she got so much press over that Hephaestus story. But he had been hideous. That was what "The Hunchback of Notre Damn" had been based on, though not a lot of people actually knew that. Yes, she could be jealous. Yes, all she wanted was a perfect family. But wouldn't you? Think about it. You marry the man of your dreams, and he cheats on you. You love him so much you forgive him, because you really believe your marriage can work, but then he just does it again. And again. And again. He's the most unfaithful man in the world, but you can't let him go, so you stick by him through his unfaithful cheating. You live on Olympus, having to work and live alongside the children he's had with these other women, despite how much you despise them, having to act as if it doesn't bother you. Wouldn't you become paranoid? Wouldn't you become jealous? Wouldn't you be spiteful toward them? Wouldn't you want nothing more than a "perfect" family just to please him, even if that meant tossing your very own child, - the only person in the world who is actually just yours -, back to earth? Just to please him? All of this, in the hope that he'd one day disown his unfaithful ways and become the loving, devoted husband you long for? That's what life was like for Hera. No matter how hard she tried to fix things, nothing changed it. She would always have hope, always , but that didn't mean it didn't make her mad. It didn't mean she wasn't filled with an uncontrollable rage every time she saw people like Leto; it didn't mean she didn't want to cling to his legs and sob when he left Olympus to visit a mortal woman, begging him to stay. She was strong, but sometimes even the strongest of women fall. That was why she was having this child. She needed something of her own to bring joy into her life – a rock to dedicate herself to. She needed something to love, to nurture, to care for. That's why when she went so sleep alone like that night, without her husband to wrap his arm around her, she woke up pregnant. Pathogenesis is a wonderful thing.