just going along with it because you're a good friend. And he didn't say it, but I kind of got the feeling he's not very head over heels over me anymore." Jason isn't sure if that's true. And even if it is, he and Nico have a lot of issues to work out before they can even consider doing something about their apparently mutual feelings for each other. But this, right here, with Percy? Jason can handle this. It's comfortable, easy. It feels like starting over. Piper pouts for three days because Jason didn't do it on Valentine's Day. "But Jason ," she whines, "it would have been so romantic if you did it on Valentine's Day." Jason rolls his eyes. "I don't want it to be some grand gesture, Piper. Nico and I actually have to talk this through." Piper rolls her eyes and calls him boring, cuddles into Annabeth's shoulder and steals a sip of Annabeth's peppermint mocha. Jason wonders how he missed that happening, because he'd always known Piper wasn't going to let something like gender get in the way of her dating whoever she wanted (she'd been telling him since they met that gender wasn't relevant to love), but as far as Jason had known, Annabeth had been smitten with Percy up until Leo caught her making out with Piper. The other thing that's new is that everyone knows now. Hazel, Frank, Rachel, Octavian, Annabeth, Piper, and Leo—they all know Jason and Nico were pretending to date so Nico didn't have to admit to not actually dating anyone. Percy told Luke, who told Thalia (because apparently Jason's sister is best friends with Luke now), who told Annabeth, so on and so forth. Jason hasn't talked about it and he doesn't think Nico has, either, but everyone knows now. "So when are you going to do it?" Piper demands, and Jason shrugs. "I don't know. Maybe I'll show up on his balcony with pizza and chocolate covered strawberries. Does Nico have a balcony?" Piper narrows her eyes at him. "Did you just make a High School Musical reference?" Jason grins at her, then shakes his head. "I'm kidding. Sort of. I might actually show up at Nico's house with a picnic or something, but I just want to talk about what happened. Find out if he actually feels anything for me." He sips his coffee and burns his tongue, scowling into his cup before speaking again. "I'm tired of lying to everyone. I just want to be honest with him." Jason ends up bringing coffee and Chinese takeout, and he hesitates in front of Nico's house before pulling out his phone and texting Nico. unlock your front door, i brought a peace offering . It's late already, bridging the gap between eleven and midnight, but after a moment, the front door creaks open and Nico steps out onto the porch, wearing flannel pajama pants and a t-shirt for some band Jason doesn't recognize. He crosses his arms over his chest and leans against the doorframe, and Jason crosses the lawn, holding up the the coffee carrier and the takeout bag. "I brought Chinese," he says, and Nico studies him for a long moment before a small, slight smile quirks his lips upwards. "You're such an idiot," he replies, but his tone is fond, and he turns around and walks back inside, leaving the door open for Jason to follow him. They sprawl out over Nico's bedroom floor, splitting the Chinese takeout between them, the only light in the room the faint glow-in-the-dark stars on the ceiling and the dim lamp on Nico's desk. "Jason," Nico says finally, fumbling with his chopsticks, "what is this?" Jason pauses in his reach for the fried rice, glancing up at Nico. "This is either us becoming friends again, or our first real date. Your choice. Either way, we have to talk about what happened, though." Nico's lips part in surprise, his eyes widening. After a moment, he closes his mouth again, jaw tight with determination, and says, "First real date." Something like relief floods through Jason, and he can't stop the grin that takes over his mouth. "Okay," he says. "Okay. Good." Nico reaches for the sweet and sour chicken before speaking. "I'm sure you've noticed, but I kind of have anger management issues." He looks up at Jason, offers a wry smile, before shaking his head. "I've never been good at controlling my temper, but after my older sister, Bianca, died in April, it's…it's gotten out of hand, a little bit. I'm really good at saying things to hurt people when we're arguing. I picked it up from my dad." Jason nods, waits for Nico to continue. "It wasn't fair to you to snap at you in the restaurant. I was scared because I'd finally realized I liked you , while we were making out, and then Will showed up, and you…you made that stupid comment about it, like you were actually jealous or something, and I remember thinking that it was just so unfair that the only way you would ever be jealous of Will was if you were faking it. So I snapped. And I'm sorry." Jason almost laughs, because misunderstandings are what his life is made of, and there have been so many lately. He wants to be completely understood, just this once. "I wasn't faking it," he says, enunciating each word so Nico knows he means it. "I was jealous. I care about you. I want to date you." Nico snorts, grins up at Jason, before looking down at the Chinese settled around them. After a moment, he mutters, "Oh, fuck it," and leans across the food to slot his mouth against Jason's. He tastes like soy sauce and chicken and peppermint toothpaste and vanilla caramel coffee and whipped cream, and as far as their kisses have gone, this one is the least coordinated, but it's also the best, because, finally, it means something . fin.