like a total nobody when you were around. So – so I kept up that competitive façade. I – I thought when I kept challenging you, nobody would see how much of a nobody I am. And when the war was over, I thought – I thought if I kept insulting you, you would hate me so much that – that the feelings would go away!' Jason frowned. This had so not been what he had been expecting. Percy had just described pretty much the same experiences he had felt whenever he was around the son of Poseidon. Yet… 'Feelings?' 'Yes' Percy whispered. 'F-Feelings.' He was crying, too, now. 'I – I fell in love with you, Jason. I'm such a hypocrite and a loser. I – I told Nico that I had no problem with him being gay after he confessed to me, but I was freaked out of myself when – when I found I love a guy. It m-made my breakup with Annabeth easier, I guess.' He sniffed. 'B-But, I s-swear, I didn't – didn't want to m-make you cry, and I'm so, so sorry, Jason. And – and I understand if you w-want nothing to do with me now.' 'You are so stupid!' Jason exclaimed. 'We could be together for months now if you would have just told me!' 'We – what?' Jason cupped Percy's face with his hands. 'Do you know what made the past months the hardest?' he whispered. 'I wanted to hate you, but I couldn't, Percy. Because I was and am in love with you.' He let one of his hands wander down to take Percy's hands in his. 'Will you be my boyfriend, Percy?' The glint of hope in Percy's eyes was unmistakable. 'You – you would still want me as your b-boyfriend, after – after everything I've done?' Percy stuttered, averting his eyes. 'Yes, Percy. I forgive you. I'm in love with you, and now that I know that you like me back, I would be stupid to let that opportunity slip.' Guilt and rue were written all over Percy's face. 'I – I'm not worthy of your love' he whispered. 'But if you still want me – then, yes, I'll be your boyfriend.' He looked up. 'Can – can I kiss you?' 'Yes, Percy you can' Jason breathed before he brought their lips together. Gods , this felt so good . Jason had never kissed a guy before, and he had absolutely no idea what to do, so he tried to move his lips along with Percy, hoping the black-haired boy would understand that Jason expected him to take the lead. Apparently, he did, because soon, Jason found himself shoved against the next wall, Percy's tongue touching Jason's lip. Willingly, Jason parted his lips and allowed Percy to explore his mouth. It was unfamiliar, but totally amazing. Neither of them wanted to part, but eventually, the need for air won. Panting heavily, Jason rested his head on Percy's shoulder. It felt good to be the smaller one who was resting his head on someone's shoulder instead of having someone's head rested on his shoulder. Even with Percy's arms wrapped around him, Jason shivered from the cold. Percy didn't fail to notice. 'You should go inside, otherwise you'll catch a cold or something.' With that, he picked Jason up and carried him in the direction of Cabin One. And for once, Jason didn't protest. Being carried by his boyfriend was something completely different than being carried by his worst rival, right? Cut – Epilogue – The next day ' Jason! Wake up and get your lazy ass out of your bed!' Piper's voice woke up, and he opened his eyes just in time to see Piper step into his cabin. 'I can't find Percy anywhere. I hope you haven't murdered him and are hiding his corpse inside your cabin?' She let her gaze travel through the cabin as she hoped to find a dead Percy under his bed. Just on cue, Percy poked his head out of the blanket, causing Piper to scream and jump back. 'Ugh. Too loud, too early' the son of Poseidon mumbled. 'Percy! Jason! What exactly is Percy doing in your bed?' Jason grinned. 'I thought it was obvious.' He snuggled up to Percy. 'I'm cuddling with my boyfriend.' Piper gaped at them before she burst into giggles. 'That's not what I expected when I said you should talk this out' she choked out between to laughs. 'Go away' Percy mumbled, still drowsy from sleep. 'I want to kiss my boyfriend good morning, and you are way too loud for this ungodly hour.' He let his head fall back onto the pillow, his eyes falling shut again. 'Well, I'll leave you and your boyfriend alone, Jason' Piper said with a wink. 'Don't do anything inappropriate.' 'PIPER!' After Piper had left, Jason smiled fondly at the sleeping son of Poseidon before placing a gentle kiss on the older boy's lips. 'Look who's kissing whom good morning now' he mumbled into Percy's ear. 'Shut up and cuddle me, you idiot.' How could Jason refuse that? A/N 2: I think I have found my individual recipe for mixing oneshots. Ingredients: Have a flash of inspiration, stay up until 1 am, listen to Breaking Benjamin . Keep mixing all the ingredients, and after three hours, you have written a 3,4k words Jercy oneshot. This story is not exactly what I had planned when I began writing this. Originally, I had planned that Percy would do something unexpected each time after harassing Jason, sending him mixed signals. That can be seen at the beginning of the story, when he lets Jason down before they reach the city, successfully not making a fool out of Jason. But, in the end, Percy decided not to follow my instructions. Blame him. Also, I was actually crying while I wrote the part where Jason confronts Percy. Does that mean the story is good? Tell me!