off to come here and just fucking do it and ask Nico out , as he told himself while he walked up to the counter. 'Morning, Nico.' He tried to steady his breathing as he sat down at the bar stool. Just don't fuck up now. He rehearsed his speech a last time in his head – he hat, in spite of his dyslexia, written uncounted versions of it the last days, before he'd finally chosen one and practised it until he knew it by heart. 'Uh, Nico?' 'Yes?' Phew. Let's do this. 'I know this Saturday isn't one of our Saturdays, but I wondered, no, I want to ask you: Would you go to the movies with me? As a date? Because, Nico, I like you very, very much, really, and I've been wanting to ask you out for a long time, but I didn't have the courage to do so. And, if your answer is no , then please let us still be friends, because I don't want to lose you. So, if you don't want to, I'll never bring it up again, but if your answer is yes, you'll be making me the happiest man in a fifty-miles-radius.' Nico arched one eyebrow and smirked. 'Who helped you writing this speech?' Percy blushed. 'Nobody!' he protested. 'I spent, uh, one week maybe, writing this by myself.' Nico smirk grew wider until it had changed into a grin. 'Well, the last sentence isn't true. The happiest person around am I, because the answer is yes. ' 'Yes!' Percy shouted and pumped his fist into the air, before he remembered that there were people around. 'Oops. Sorry.' Cut 'That movie was utter crap,' Percy decided. Nico, however, couldn't totally agree. 'You can't deny that they are a cute couple,' he argued. 'Even if they didn't get to kiss.' 'Forget about the couple!' Percy shot back. 'The script was like a weird mixture of all the other movies! Why would they build a third doomsday machine with the same fatal flaw? I just don't get it! They should get themselves a better engineer!' 'Percy,' Nico sighed. 'it's a movie, for God's sake. It doesn't have to be logical.' 'Yes, but also, did you see the guy's face when he took off his mask? He looked like a rich, spoiled brat who wants to take over the world!' Nico heaved another sigh. 'You know what? You're a nerd. And annoying. An annoying nerd, that's what you are,' he judged, though elbowing Percy playfully. Percy took that as a 'I don't mean it'. Hopefully. 'Sorry,' he said sheepishly. Nico's smile told him that his apology was accepted. They were approaching the exit of the cinema, and usually, they'd part now. But this time, before Percy could say anything – he had no idea what he'd say anyway – Nico grabbed Percy's hand, linking their fingers, and spun him around. It was the first time they were that close outside the cinema hall. 'That was wonderful, Perce. Thanks' Nico said, and the gratitude in his eyes was real. Percy smiled back and took Nico's other hand as well. 'Can I kiss you now?' he asked, leaning in but stopping halfway. And then Nico leant in too, and their lips met. Suddenly, Nico's hand was in Percy's hair and Percy's arms were wrapped around Nico's waist as their lips moved with each other's. When they broke apart, Nico still ran his fingers through Percy's hair. 'Now, would you be a good boyfriend and walk me home?' he asked, and as if Percy's heart hadn't been working overtime before, now his heartbeat sped up again. Boyfriend. Yeah, this word was music in his ears. Boyfriend. 'Sure. Can't let my boyfriend run through New York alone.' On their way outside, the passed by the employee behind the counter, who was currently counting the change and preparing to close the cinema. As they walked past him, he looked up, and his look and smile was a pure one-hundred percent 'I told you so'. Percy had never seen Nico's apartment before, and he was surprised to see it wasn't much bigger than his, from what he could see from the door. He'd always assumed Nico would live in a bigger flat, what with him being practically upper class – compared to Percy. 'Well, see you tomorrow,' Nico breathed against Percy's lips. Cut – Epilogue – Four Years Later 'I'm home, Perce!' Percy could hear that. Yet, Nico never once forgot to announce his presence when he came home from work. And Percy loved it. He sat on the couch in their apartment, his laptop on his knees, and was frantically hitting the keyboard in order to finish a paper. Said paper was due the next day, and he had forgotten it until the day before. 'How are you, honey?' Nico peeked over the couch's backrest, resting his chin on Percy's shoulder and ruffling Percy's hair with one hand. Even after four years of their relationship, Nico never seemed to get bored of playing with the hair of his fiancé. Percy didn't mind at all. 'Totally dog-tired, but I'm almost done,' he responded. 'I made lunch, it's in the fridge. You can warm it up while I finish this, so we can eat together.' Nico nodded and headed for the refrigerator. 'Perce?' 'Hm-mm?' 'You know, I just realised… I never said how proud I am of you. I'm proud. You're the most awesome person I have ever met. You never give up, like now, when you're learning to get your degree. I'm proud, and I feel blessed to be with you.' Overwhelmed, Percy looked towards his to-be-husband. Nico smiled sheepishly. 'I just wanted to say this. And I meant every word of it.' Percy put the laptop down to walk over to Nico, wrapping his arms around the taller man and resting his head on Nico's shoulder. 'Thanks, Nico,' he whispered. 'I love you, Perce.' 'I love you too, Neeks.'