swore off alcohol and had thrown the chair into the backyard in a fit of rage and other feelings of turmoil. "From what I've heard, you made yourself a new friend today." Apollo said after blessing the food. "Hm? Oh, you mean Nico." Will said, pausing his fork halfway from reaching his mouth. The first thing to learn about small towns is that news travels fast. For example, the wife of a farmer was given a speeding ticket on her way home. The cop had told the farmer's brother, who in turn called to tell the farmer before the wife made it to the house. Everyone in town was a gossiping snitch. "Yes, that young Italian boy. It's so nice to hear you're making friends with him despite your differences. You should invite him to church sometime." He said, smiling proudly at his son. "I'll ask him, but I won't promise you he'll say yes." Will admitted, pushing the fried noodles around the container. If Nico wanted to go to church, he would've gone by this point. Occasionally he would see Hazel, but that was about it. "Nothing wrong with trying." Apollo said. A comfortable silence fell between the two as they finished their meal. That night, as Nico had promised, Will got a call. They arranged to meet at the local movie theater to watch a horror comedy. Will wasn't entirely sure what it was called, but he was willing to see it so long as it wasn't a jump scare; he could handle blood and gore. It wasn't long after until he received a text from his friend, Lou Ellen. Lou Ellen 8:42 PM - wats up with u and nico all of a sudden You 8:42 PM - nothing is up, we just went out to talk about who was going to take care of the doll for ms patterson s class You 8:43 PM- its not like i chose to be his partner Lou Ellen 8:43 PM - i dunno there r rumors already spreading about u 2 You 8:44 PM - really? there is nothing to gossip about. what are people saying? Lou Ellen 8:45 PM - just that u keep looking at him all the time. and then there s the whole him talking about gay relationships in class Lou Ellen 8:46 PM- Not that i have any problem with gay ppl or anything. it just makes ppl talk and i was wondering if u were keeping anything from me Lou Ellen 8:46 PM- but that s silly bcause u tell me everything Will wasn't sure what to do at this point. It hasn't even been 24 hours and amazingly there was already presumptions about his "relationship" with the new kid. He was tempted to text Nico to say he's given up on the deal, that he wanted to cut the ties with him now before things escalated too quickly. The deal was for two weeks and it's only been about 6 hours. On the other hand, if they were careful about meeting up, it would cause less suspicion. That means arriving to meet at different times and no more glaring at the back of Nico's head. Who knew looking at someone for an excessive amount of time could be taken as admiration? Will took a moment to evaluate himself. Does he really like girls? They're pretty and they tend to smell nicer than boys. Would he screw a girl? The notion didn't make him uncomfortable, so that's a yes. Then Will began to evaluate his opinions on boys. Does he like them? Well, he never fantasized about them, but he did have a few wet dreams over some famous male actors and a classmate of his. Was there merit in that? He had originally wrote it off as his mind being really twisted and never spoke to anyone about it. Would he screw a guy? Probably not, but Nico made Will feel like there was some sort of exception. There was something about his thick accent and flawless olive skin that was really attractive. The biggest question at the moment remained. Should he tell Lou Ellen? Considering he trusted her with his life at this point in life, he'd say yeah, yeah he should. The problem was, he was already coming to terms with his sexuality and it would be even tougher admitting it to someone else. He kept typing and erasing, unable to bring himself to press send or find the correct words. You 8:51 PM - i need to tell you something but not now. meet you at the yogurt shop tomorrow at 10? Lou Ellen 8:52 PM - should i be worried? You 8:52 PM - no everything is fine Lou Ellen 8:53 PM- kk see u then :] Will set his phone on his nightstand and buried his face in his hands. Everything from today came crashing into him like a wave. Guilt wormed its way into his stomach as he thought of his father. What would his dad say? He won't say anything because he won't find out. Everything is fine. (Author's Note: I enjoy this ship so much! Ah, I've been dying to find a story with a preachers kid!Will and bad boy!Nico or vice versa, but I haven't found any so far. So I decided to write one myself, but the issue is that I'm not really committed to writing. This took me two months to create and that's really sad, actually. I don't plan on continuing this mainly because it takes forever and it takes time for me to develop something that I deem half way decent enough to publish. So if anyone wants to take this idea and run with it, please do it and notify me so that I may read it. If there is already a story like this, I would be really grateful if you sent me a link or title of it and I will love you forever, Thank you)