Piper, she'd know he was lying because she saw through his soul like Lupa did. If he didn't acknowledge the sweater, he'd look like a jerk. "Actually, it's an ugly Christmas sweater," Leo said. "Regardless, we need you to put it on your body right now." "Why do people purposefully wear sweaters that are ugly?" Jason said. Piper shrugged. "I've never understood it, but I'm all onboard for a day of unprejudiced warmth and cosiness." Jason examined his particular sweater more closely. It was an awful apple green with red reindeers knitted into it. Snowflakes were a trim at the collar, neck and sleeves. "We decided to get a mildly ugly one," Piper said. "Just because you're a beginner." "Christmas Virgin!" Leo shouted. "This is mild?" Jason said examining the sweater. It got worst once Jason realised that there were jingle bells knitted into the sweater. Leo's sweater just about blinded Jason. "I'm dreaming of a white Christmas Just like the ones I used to know Where the tree-tops glisten and children listen To hear sleigh bells in the snooooooooooooooooooooooooooow…." "Leo stop you're from Texas." When Jason answered his door groggily, it was because Piper and Leo had knocked. Both of them were beaming and giddy like little kids, and wearing red Santa Claus hats. "Well there's Piper's Christmas present," Leo said nudging his head towards Jason's bare chest. "Get some clothes on, Grace. We've got things to do and places to go." "What time is it?" Jason asked, worried by the lack of light. "6:00 AM," Piper said. "We have to go check the Christmas tree." "The Christmas tree?" Jason asked. "Thalia's tree, if you insist," Piper said. She looked adorable today. She was wearing jeans and a red shirt with holes in her shoulders. From her Santa hat, two braids poked out. The excitement on her face really stole the cake, though. "Sheesh. Told you he was a virgin." Jason got dressed and was sent back to go find a red or green shirt. Piper nodded proudly when he came out wearing an army green thermal shirt. Leo ran out ahead of them, but Piper dangled at Jason's arm and put her head on his shoulder. "Merry Christmas, by the way." "Merry Christmas," Jason repeated. The greeting sounded weird in his mouth. "Did Valdez wake you up too?" Piper arched an eyebrow. "I had an alarm set." Under Thalia's tree, presents were gathered. And from the lowest branch, three red socks (that looked hand-sewn) filled with whatever were dangling. "What's this?" Jason asked. "Didn't you figure it out as we went along?" Leo asked. "The presents go under the tree?" "What?" Jason asked. "I thought the trees were the present?" "No, no, no," Leo said. "You got it all wrong. Trees under the present, and stockings –that's the sock things- on the mantel piece. We don't have one of those though, so we made-do. Piper made the set-up cute." "I…" Jason felt infinitely guilty. "I didn't get you guys anything. I didn't… I hadn't caught on that you were supposed to… get people presents at Christmas…" "It's okay," Piper said. "We knew that you didn't know, but we wanted you to have a first Christmas in which you didn't freak out about gifts." "And we also knew that you would feel bad, so Piper and I bought each other gifts with your name on the tag. You can pay us back later," Leo said. Jason grinned, somewhat relieved. "I'll make it up to you guys next year," he promised. "Does that mean that you like Christmas enough to do it again?" Piper asked, smiling. "Only with you guys," he said pulling her towards him and smiling at Valdez. "Wow," Leo said. "He says this and we haven't even opened presents yet." "The first Noel the angel did say Was to certain poor shepards in fields as they lay: In fields where they lay a keeping their sheep On a cold winter's night that was so deep. Noel Noel Noel Noel Born is the King of Israel." "Oh, sure," Leo said. "When I sing everyone's like ' shut up Leo' and 'you sound like you're dying Leo'. But when Piper sings everyone claps." "That's because Piper can sing," Jason said. "Like really well." Leo crossed his arms. Piper stuck her tongue out. "See why I told you to go easy at lunch?" Leo laughed. "Turkey is my favourite food ever. This is what my ambrosia will taste like now." "With or without cranberry sauce?" Leo asked. "Covered in it." Jason said. "I'm so full, but I want to keep eating…" "Sorry man. No vomitoriums here." Leo said. "Just turkey hangovers and pain." "That's not something the Romans actually did," Jason said. "Oh. Whatever. Wash it down with some more eggnog," Leo said. "Does the eggnog help with anything?" "No, but at this point it's go big or go home," Leo said. Jason laughed. "Jingle bells, Chiron smells, Peleus laid an egg! Argo II has lost a sail and Gaia burned the earth- HEY!" "Leo what the fuck?" Piper said. "I liked the one about Noel," Jason said, running his hand up and down her back. "Did you have a good Christmas?" Piper said as they walked around Camp after the Apollo Cabin's (supposedly) Annual Christmas Carol Camp Fire. "I did,"Jason said. "Or at least I think I did. I had a blast, anyways." "Good," Piper smiled. "But there's still one Christmas tradition that we haven't covered…" "Which one?" Jason asked. "Look up," Piper said. That's when he realised that she'd been steering him towards the Big House's front door. He did. A kind of plant with white berries was hanging over the doorframe. "That," Piper said. "Is mistletoe." "Oh,"Jason said. " That I know about." He wrapped his arms around her and kissed her. "FA LA LA LA LAAAAAAAAAAAA..." "Are you going to say anything?" Jason asked. "Nah," Piper shrugged. "Let it go. It's Christmas." "-LA LA LA LAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!"