skull and Jason hurriedly apologised. "_ah, how do you…? We haven't really… told anyone." "_just an impression. If it not… indiscreet… how? Why?" Nico's blood was pounding in his ears, his heart flaring madly as his pulse skyrocketed. "_I just…" he looked away, scuffing his shoe before forcing an overly bright smile on his face. Nico winced. "We both liked someone else." The intensity in his voice captured Nico, whose eyes locked and remained with Jason. He was enraptured by the emotions in them, the raw, open wounds beating in there. How bared his feelings were. (He wasn't reading things correctly. How could he see that in the cerulean depths? It was madness.) It wasn't madness. Jason's hand softly came to touch his arm. Nico froze, startled and bewildered. (He was mocking him. he was having a laugh? He was joking. He had to be.) "_Nico…" His hand skittered across the exposed skin of his arm, butterfly touches kissing his skin, along his biceps and resting softly on the sun-kissed expanses of his chin. (He was better now. A little bit more whole, getting more sunlight and happiness. He was a bit more healed.) Jason's lips on him were chaffed. It was awkward, at first. (Jason's nose bumped into his cheek, the angle wrong. His lips were rough and the taste of sweat flavoured the kiss. There was sunlight and happiness on those sweet teeth.) Jason was so nervous, feeling no response from the Italian up until the dark haired boy silently raised his chin. Their mouths shifted, the lips slanting properly over one another and the awkwardness melted away. (There was the quiet chatter of people in the background, the afternoon rays of the sun warming his sweaty back and a cool breeze that made his cheeks so much warmer.) . Sometimes, Reyna reminded Nico of those mothers. The ones that put their children on life rafts and allowed it to let go because it was only big enough for one. The ones that handed their children out to firefighters when their house were burning and knew they wouldn't have the time to get out. The ones that smiled across glass doors and waited until their children had gone to crumble and cry. Sometimes, when Reyna smiled at Nico because she saw on his face that he was happy with Jason, she had this incredibly soft look in her eyes, like broken glass shining in the sun. (It was a humbling look. One that made him want to hide his face in Reyna's shoulder.) . There were bad days. Days when Nico felt the guilt flood through him as he thought of Reyna's blood on the wooden table. (He hadn't done a thing. Never had, never would –and he felt like a coward for it.) Days when Nico wondered if she still cried at night, all alone in her kitchen. Days when Nico wondered if Reyna held it together when she was with him like she did when she was in front of the legion. Days when he wondered if, when she smiled, she was happy. There were bad days. Days when Jason wondered if the war hadn't broken them beyond repair. Days when Nico glared at the sky and wondered how it could be so blue when the earth was tainted so red still. There were days when the rain ran crimson and the golden crops reminded him of the battlefields. There were days when Jason asked himself if it was stupidity that had made him fall in love with someone that didn't know how to live. (Being a child of death tended to do that to someone.) There were bad days. . There were also good days. Days when Nico smiled and laughed and held Jason's hand above the table. Days when the sun shone and the smell of the earth after the rain made the son of Hades smile. Days when Reyna and him sat in the Gardens of Bacchus and laughed as the soft petrichor surrounded them. There were good days. Days when Jason joined them on the seventh Hill of Rome, days when Nico knew Reyna was a strong woman who didn't need a man to stand. Days when Jason smiled at the Praetor and she smiled back –because Nico was happy and she was happy and she wouldn't bow to love. She was married to the Legion. She was a praetor, it was in her blood and in her flesh and her scars were love bites. There were good days. Days when Jason smiled when he woke up and looked across at Nico. Days when they decided that a road trip would do them nicely and Reyna handed the keys to her car with a roll of her eyes. Days when they brought her expensive hot chocolate back and she smiled. Days when Jason and Reyna spoke without the hurt in between them. (There were days when the past didn't have to hurt in order to exist, and they knew they were at peace.) There were days Nico didn't need to say he was happy in order for the two by his side to know. These were the days he shadow travelled inside Reyna's villa and asked her if she would mind being his Witness. These were the days the Twelfth Legion Fulminata rocked up to their wedding and threw a wild party –because he might be the awkward son of Pluto and Jason might have abandoned them, but they were children of the Gods and bloody hell. There had been too much hatred for it to last through their generation. These were the days Reyna did more than just be his Witness –she wore the purple of a Queen and directed the ceremony. There were good days. (For every bad day, there were a hundred more good days to come.) . The sea glittered prettily on the horizon, but Nico had come to acknowledge it was merely a reflection of the sky.