dull. Even the fire of the hearth was almost nonexistant, as much as it had been during the battle of Manhatten. Then Zeus, still with his smug look, spoke. "Perseus Jackson, we the council have come to a decision. You cannot remain mortal. If you deny our very generous gift, that has never been given twice before, again, you will be killed and thrown into the Fields of Punishment to be tortured forever." Before I could retort, the voice spoke again, though this time more stressed. Do not give in Perseus, and I will come to your aid. I swear it on the River Stys and my domains. At hearing the solemn oath, Percy, like the voice had said, knew what to do. He would never give in to those, who had caused him so much pain. The misterious person waa the only person who somewhat cared for him. So he chose. "No." Before Zeus could throw his Master Bolt, Poseidon, his ex-father, spoke. "Son, think clearly. You prefer to-" At hearing this, Percy lost himself in rage, and the Throne room shook from the tremors. "YOU DARE CALL ME YOUR SON POSEIDON! YOU ARE NO FATHER OF MINE! NOT AFTER YOU KILLED MY MOTHER! SHE WAS ABOUT TO HAVE A NORMAL LIFE AND YOU MURDERED HER WITH HER UNBORN! I WILL-" Before Percy could continue screaming bloody murder at Poseidon, Hephasteus got behind him. In his rage, he never noticed the chains around his wrists and ankles. "Last chance Perseus, accept or die!" Thundered Zeus, though he liked seing his brother get thrashed by his own son. "Never!" Growled Percy, filled with anger and defiance. "Then so be it!" And Zeus stood up and threw his Master Bolt. It connected and Percy arched his back, screaming in agony. Before darkness overtook him and he fell unconscious. With Percy-Unknown Location Percy had hoped that the voice he heard was trustworthy, and his instinct was to follow it, but he would have never expected this. After waking up with a headache worthy of Olympus, Percy saw the sky. For a moment, Percy thought that he was turned in a constellation. But why would Artemis do that? After finally looking around, he realised something. He was actually in the sky. Or actually, the term would be on the sky He saw an incredible palace in front of him. It was overall in blue, like the color of the sky, with linings in white, yellow and dark blue, resembling different kinds of thunder. It had massive domes on top of the different towers. They were probably over 100 meters high each and he coudn't see the end on the other side of the palace. It was truly a magnificent sight. Zeus' palace on Olympus, while having a similar theme, paled in comparison to this. After taking in enough of the beauty in front of him, he decided to explore. Seing as he was actually standing over the sky, he could see earth beneath him. He was captivated at how many different people he could observe. He would be lost and could spend forever just looking at it. When he regained his bearings, Percy decided to try his luck and walked right in the castle. It was an awesome castle on the outside, but marvelous on the inside. The palace's walls flowed with different colors of lightning. It looked like some sort of directions. He decided to follow the blue lightning. Why not! It was blue! While going around the palace, he saw many things he couldn't truly understand. There were wind spirits and auras flying everywhere, humans sparring and even a giant scorpion was chasing someone, who looked a bit familiar. As he got further in the castle, the blue lightning on the walls became thicker and brighter, almost as if it was glowing. Finally, he was in front of 2 giant blue gates. They were over 10 metres in hight and completely dwarfed him in every sense or form. Even though they were massive, they opened quietly as Percy came near them. Percy fount himself in a giant room, similar to the Throne room on Olympus. At the other side was a giant throne 10 meter throne with somebody on it. The man looked similar to Zeus. He had the same electic blue eyes and the same proud, regal and sophisticated look. But though the King of Gogs' eyes tried to intimidate the people in front of him, this being's pupils held immense knowledge, as if they are reading your soul. He had white, almost gray hair with some facial hair. He was also pulsing with power, almost suffocating Percy just from looking at him. But he was sure of something. This was the man who had spoken to him these few times. But while was he so interesting to another immortal? He had the same smell of ozone and the same presense, as if a calm after a storm. Percy decided it is now or never. He kneel and got the Being's attention. "Sorry My Lord, who are you and why did you save me and bring me here?" Percy never used to be so respectful, but the Being in front of him radiated authority. "Great-grandson, I need your help on something, that would benefit us both greatly in the future." Said the Being, now identified as his Great-grandfather. Percy was never good at knowing things, but after that clue he knew who was standing in front of him. "What is that Great-grandfather?" Then Ouranos, the Primordial God of the Heavens stood up of his throne and took a human size, though he was still slightly taller then Percy. The Primordial went to Percy and put a hand on his shoulder, signaling him to rise. The demigod slowly stood up, looking in Ouranos' eyes, electric blue to sea green. "I want to start a new Golden Age, and I need someone to lead it. You are worthy for that position, Perseus."