far down to be saved. "Percy, let me go," she croaked. "You can't pull me up." His face was white with effort. She could see in his eyes that he knew it was hopeless. "Never," he said. He looked up at Nico, fifteen feet above. "The other side, Nico! We'll see you there. Understand?" Nico's eyes widened. "But-" "Lead them there!" Percy shouted. "Promise me!" "I- I will." Below them, the voice laughed in the darkness. Sacrifices. Beautiful sacrifices to wake the goddess. Percy tightened his grip on Annabeth's wrist. His face was gaunt, scraped and bloody, his hair dusted with cobwebs, but when he locked eyes with her, she thought he had never looked more handsome. "We're staying together," he promised. "You're not getting away from me. Never again." Only then did she understand what would happen. A one-way trip. A very hard fall. "As long as we're together," she said. She heard Nico and Hazel still screaming for help. She saw the sunlight far, far above- maybe the last sunlight she would ever see. Then Percy let go of his tiny ledge, and together, holding hands, he and Annabeth fell into the endless darkness. Annabeth was just supposed to teach Cabin 12, but some of the Aphrodite girls loved hearing Annabeth's stories so much that they came by on their own. Now they were angry that Annabeth was talking about Persephone getting kidnapped instead of love stories. "You know, love stories in myths don't always have to be just love stories," Annabeth said. "Sometimes the people who fall in love do other stuff." "Like who?" A girl called Tonie said, throwing it out there like a challenge. "Ariadne," Annabeth said strengthening her chin. "You know, she saved Theseus' butt when he was facing the minotaur. But why'd she give him the yarn in the first place? Cause she loved him. And after that she helped him escape Thebes and she ran away with him." "Annabelle," a cold voice said. Annabeth spun around to spot Mr D. "I suggest you tell the rest of that story very quickly or else I'll turn you into an oak like your little friend, to make your new "Yeah," Annabeth swallowed. "Sometimes people fall in love with people that aren't being rooted for. And sometimes people get hurt when they're just trying to get love." She chewed on her lip as she looked at the kids in the cabin and her eyes landed on Luke. "Yeah, sometimes things get messed up," Annabeth said. "Is that what's wrong with this love story? Annabeth?" Silena said quietly. "It's what's wrong with all of them," Annabeth said after a while. "Okay, that's enough for today. Go to, like, archery or something. Leave." Most of the people obliged since, in the few days of summer, everybody was always itching to be outside. Luke stayed behind and he walked up to Annabeth and pushed on her shoulders before she even got to hop off the desk. "Question," Luke said. "No discussions, no bullshit, no big words- only answers from you. Kapiche?" "Yeah," Annabeth said. Luke swallowed. "Why do you think that love gets messed up?" he asked. Annabeth shrugged. "Oh, please. I've known you since you were seven, and even before that, I wasn't dumb," Luke said. "Be honest with me." Annabeth swallowed. "The only people I watched fall in love when my cognitive abilities were developed enough to understand it were…" She shouldn't be telling him this, but she'd already given him enough pieces. "Me and Thalia?" Luke asked nodding and looking away. "Don't get mad. I'm only saying the truth." "Yes I know, Annabeth, I know," Luke sighed. "But… Annabeth, Thalia and I… I don't know if it was love kiddo, we never got real far with all of that." Annabeth chewed on her lip and looked at Luke with big eyes. "To me it was," Annabeth said. "Okay," Luke said. "Well, perception before reality and stuff." "I'm a child of Athena," Annabeth said. "My life isn't normal and it never will be. I live in a thousand worlds at once and know a thousand places in history and in the world today I'll never be in. My perception is everything." "Annabeth, you… you're barely twelve, kid." "I am twelve." "Whatever, you just turned twelve," Luke said. "You can't… you can't go around saying things like that about love." "Why? Because I'm not smart enough?" Annabeth asked. "No, because you didn't even give it a chance," Luke sighed. "I don't want to," Annabeth said. "That's the most terrifying thing I've ever heard you say," Luke said. She stuck her tongue out at him, but he didn't mean it as a joke. Annabeth chewed on her lip. After the last few days of her life had flashed past her in a flurry of numbness and racing action, she felt everything around her too brightly. She felt the setting sun shining against her skin. She heard the lake gushing. She heard the fire in the torches crackling. She felt splinters from Cabin 3's worn bench digging into her thighs. She felt her t-shirt, sticky against her back. She tasted chocolate cake in her mouth. She felt her heart race and everything in her get stuck in her throat. He was looking at her and she was looking at him and they both knew what was about to happen and they both knew who was going to have to say it first because who always said things first, here? And she'd been scared so stiff for the last five days of her life- battle after battle, explosion after explosion, mission after mission- but part of her fear had also been the oh-so-palpable reality of losing him. And how could she ignore that bit? When she stopped being afraid of getting hurt and started being afraid of losing him… She looped her arms around his neck. "I will never make things easy for you, Seaweed Brain. Get used to it."