yogurt in town was served there and came in 18 different flavours, there was consistently good music on the dance floor, a constant energy to the place whether you were dancing or relaxing or eating… It was also where she and Kinzie had met, playing darts. It was their place. They never went without each other. "Yes. Forgive my uncleanliness, Milady," Kinzie said. "I'll wash it off as soon as possible." Hylla, she thought. Not Milady. Hylla. It was nearly crushing how Kinzie had gone without her. What did it mean? And now that she paid attention, she saw that Kinzie's nymph eyes were shot with chlorophyll. Kinzie wasn't that bad of a light weight, and she held her liquor rather well- but it was hard for nymphs to process alcohol (which was the bane of Kinzie's life). Kinzie had drank last night, which probably meant that she'd been on the dance floor, dancing with other people. Hylla tried not to let that make her jealous, but she couldn't. And she couldn't help but be hurt even more. Her advisors –a small, specially selected portion of the court- were gathered around her. They were bouncing the political implications of kicking off this one member of the Queen's old court who was making the new bill on Male worker benefits impossible to pass. Earlier in the day a male worker had jumped an Amazon, smashed her head against the concrete floor and stolen her keys to start a forklift and had caused massive destruction in a warehouse, as well as running over another Amazon. Fifteenof Hylla's subjects had been hurt by the initial event and the following little riot, and that was fifteen too many. She was furious. To top it off, all of this was causing extremely high breakup rates in the kingdom between Amazons and their working boyfriends, which had about half of the staff completely bummed out or meaner than usual and just plunged the entire place into a bad atmosphere. Things were getting bad. And to piss Hylla off personally even more, everybody present was deeply involved in the negotiations and debates except for the one person whose advice she wanted; Kinzie. Kinzie was being quiet and not even meeting Hylla's eyes or doing anything more than picking at her jacket. She wasn't even taking notes or putting up some kind of pretense. That pissed Hylla off. "Look, I need this bill passed in the next 48 hours," Hylla said. She knew slavery. She knew rebellion. This wasn't going to stay contained long. "So thank you for your counsel, but I'm going to have to do it. Shanyka, go find me Vincent McLeod and bring him here in about fifteen minutes. He acts as spokesperson of the male workers. The rest of you may be dismissed. Except you Kinzie, would you mind staying a few minutes?" Kinzie shook her head with a "No ma'am" that put Hylla's teeth on edge. Everyone left the throne room and Hylla crossed her arms. Kinzie didn't move. "What are you doing?" Hylla asked. "Pardon me?" Kinzie asked. "You're ignoring me, you're being so distant, you won't look me in the eye, won't use my name… that's not like you. Even when you're sad or upset that's not like you. Why are you doing that?" Hylla asked. Kinzie didn't reply for a while. Hell, she didn't even stir. "Look Kinzie," Hylla said. "I'm already struggling with the paperwork and my limited language skills and the ethics involved with making out on the throne. Don't make me wonder how you feel too." "I love you, of course!" Kinzie said. "I love you to the moon and back. You should know that!" "Then what's going on?" Hylla asked. "Because something sure as hell is and sometimes I get this horrifying feeling that after three years of smooth sailing of clicking like each other like puzzle pieces and understanding each other and not pulling crap on one another, something went wrong with us. Talk to me." Kinzie's eyes were fixed on Hylla with the most profound and deep sadness in them. Then Hylla realised that Kinzie wasn't looking at Hylla, but at the throne. "I've served three different queens in the same position," Kinzie said. "The first one died of an injury a month after her duel. The second hit me when I didn't bring her lattes fast enough. And the third is you, my girlfriend of three years. What do you think that that pattern looks like to me?" Hylla frowned and then she processed it. "You're scared that I'll either die painfully in a duel or a coup or an attack," Hylla said. "Or you're worried that I may become bitter and power hungry and ruthless and heartless. Or maybe both." Kinzie didn't say a word, but Hylla knew she was right. She walked towards Kinzie and took her hands. "You became queen by protecting me," Kinzie said quietly. "I didn't want anything to change because of that. I didn't want... I didn't want us to change." "Hey," Hylla said. "It's not complicated. You and I are no-bullshit kinds of people. I love you. Do you love me?" "Yes," Kinzie said. "Perfect. Then let's not complicate it. We're okay, and we're going to stay okay. Got it?" "Yes ma'am," Kinzie smiled. "I mean, yes Hylla." Hylla's laughter was interrupted by a kiss that tasted like strawberry lipstick, and like every other single kiss that she and Kinzie had ever shared. Kinzie didn't even back away from it fully. She rested her freshly shampooed head against Hylla's chest. Upcoming ship weeks August 10 - 16 - Free slash week (author's pick of a same-sex story) 17 - 23 - Free friendship week 24 - 30 - Chris and Clarisse 31 - 06 - Jason and Reyna September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 4 - Percy and Annabeth