of Athena too." That made Meg cry even harder. Apollo put his hand on her knee. "She's going to miss him so much Meg, and you will too. You're going to have to take care of each other. Talk to each other. Miss him together," Apollo said. "You were Percy's friend, he died for you- but he had other friends here. Go to Chiron and the others. Go grieve with them." Meg did, and Apollo sat on the porch alone. Meg knew the story as well as he did, and she had her place at Camp much more definitely than he did. Chiron knew where to find him if he needed to know more. And so Apollo left. He didn't go to Olympus quite yet, but he didn't stay at Camp for long. Percy had managed to keep a wide enough part of his existence mortal, admirable; so once he was dead, the need for a mortal funeral could not be ignored. It was a closed casket funeral, partially because the opposite was beyond morbid, and partially because the casket was technically empty due to the previous traditional Greek funeral. But as school children, distant Blofis relatives with guilt complexes, shifty and nervous half-bloods, and family friends clustered around the grave, there was still a sense that something very important was being tucked away, into the earth. The thunder rumbling in the distance was Percy Jackson's last lullaby. The crowd cleared slowly, but Apollo watched for a long time. He watched Jason Grace put his arm around Annabeth and say "Let's go back to Camp, the satyrs smell monsters coming and nobody wants to fight today" before leading her away to a camp van. He saw Sally Jackson unwrap her scarf and use it as a blanket as she sat on the ground, by the gravestone. He saw Paul Blofis drape his coat around her shoulders and shiver and wipe his eyes at her side for a long, long time until the thunder got too close and he told her that she couldn't stay out in the rain and that he was going to go get the car, so she didn't get sick. Then there was just Sally Jackson's small black outline, alone in the cemetery until Apollo joined her. She heard him coming and was mostly uninterested. "I told you," she said looking at the stone. "I told you my son had a mortal life. I gave you so many good reasons to keep him alive." "He died a hero," Apollo said. The poets seemed to like to say that, about demigods. "That's because he lived a hero since nobody would let him be a boy," Sally said. She wiped at her eyes. "I am so proud of him. I always was. He was a good person, but I wish… There were so many good things about him other than the powers and the swordplay and the prophecies. If only that would have been enough for you gods-" "For us gods?" Apollo interrupted. "Percy had a happy life and now, because of you gods pushing and pushing, he has nothing at all!" Paul chose a good moment to make his reappearance. "Sally, I have the car," Paul said, touching her arm lightly. "I'm sorry to interrupt, but we have to go. I don't want you to get caught in the rain." "In the rain," Sally echoed. "That storm- it must be Poseidon. He was so angry when he heard. You are walking right into the eye of that storm by going back to the Council, My Lord. Your quest worked, didn't it? You are going back?" "I am," Apollo said. "Good," Sally said. "Good. So you can walk back in there like the god that you are and deal with the politics and the chaos and the backlash which is so huge that there is a storm even if Percy hated storms and now there's a storm on the day of his funeral-" Paul caught her at a good time, and Sally Jackson fell apart before the sky even broke. "Ma'am," Apollo said. Paul turned around, shooting Apollo a venomous look. "Look, I can't see through the mist at all, so I don't know who you are and what you want, but leave her alone," Paul said. "This is the worst day of our lives. Leave." And that was the last that Apollo ever saw of Percy Jackson's family. A woman whose tears poured through her closed eyes as her husband gently buckled her into the car, and rain spattering against a blue car with a Pegasus dent in the roof. "I made you mortal so that you'd learn a lesson," Zeus said, joining Apollo at the balconies overlooking New York City. "Not so that you'd make such a mess." "I didn't try to make the mess," Apollo said. "And I did learn something." "Seeing as I doubt it, please share," Zeus said. "When you are mortal, time… you feel it. When you're a god, you walk through it. When you're mortal, you swim against the current. It's harder. It's difficult. Days feel like forever when you're hungry or sick, the nights come too soon when you know you need to keep going. But at the same time… Those few days of questing went by quickly." "So what did you learn?" Zeus said. "Those are facts, Apollo. Not lessons." "Who are you, Zeus or Athena?" Apollo said. He looked back to New York City; the city that never slept. "Here's the lesson," he said. "Time is so fickle for mortals; they can't afford to waste any of it. And they have so little of it, in this world, we need to keep it good. For them. For their little lives to go well." Zeus nodded. "Now, here's your homework," Zeus said. "Was Percy Jackson's death enough of a lesson for you to remember that, or will he be another senseless tragedy? Heroes are good at being both. Chose wisely."