keys. Music floated through the cabin. "Spontaneous dance party," Piper said. " This I like. Oh, and you have the bouncy bed too! Geez, how did you talk Leo into that?" "I don't threaten to kill him once a month," Annabeth said. "Fuck the fucking hell off. Come on Hazel!" Hazel smiled and took Piper's hand so they stood on Annabeth's bed, jumping as they danced. It may have looked more like a vertical seizure to a bystander, but they were laughing and bouncing and shrieking out song lyrics- and as long as you couldn't see yourself, it didn't matter how crazy you looked, right? Unfortunately Leo could see them, so when he knocked on the door and wandered in looking for an extra cable Annabeth had borrowed… "Fellas," Leo screamed over his shoulder. "Forget all the self-pitying I've done. I'm okay with being the single hot one." Piper threw a book at his face. "This wouldn't be happening if you hadn't stolen my breakfast waffle and wrecked my mood for the day!" Piper said. "This is great," Hazel said as she drifted off the dance floor for the first time that night, a smile plastered across her face. "Yeah, the Romans were known for their festivals," Frank said. "I think the Senate was trying to outshine Cabin 12's parties from earlier in the summer." Hazel smiled and nodded. It was probably the first time that Frank ever seen her in a dress. Only a certain rank was allowed to wear true Roman ceremonial dress at special occasions, so for this evening Hazel had rallied Piper and Annabeth and they'd found a soft yellow dress with straps just wide enough for Hazel to pin her medals onto. She'd tied a white ribbon around her waist, Frank had no idea why, but she could pull it off. She looked exhilarated, her face split by a smile. She'd let her hair down ages ago but she was still standing tall in her heels. Frank felt like he was going on and on, painting a picture of Hazel in his head, when in reality the bottom line was simply that she looked beautiful. "The DJ is great," Hazel said. "Piper was right, Beyoncé is the queen. That's what people call her, right? And the children of Apollo- they are not messing around on the dance floor. I think I even saw a few Greeks crashing the reception! You should come." "On the dance floor?" Frank asked. "Yeah," Hazel said. "I better not," Frank said. "Oh come on," Hazel said. "Just because you get to come in your shiny armour doesn't mean that you're in charge of security or anything for the night. Even Reyna got the cue! She's enjoying the night off." "That's because Reyna can dance," Frank said. "True. The hips on that girl- wait," Hazel said. "Wait a second, are you insinuating that you don't dance?" "Hazel, I'm a clutz. It's gotten a bit better since I joined the legion and started shapeshifting, but I don't dance," Frank said. Hazel's jaw dropped. "Frank Zhang!" Hazel said. "Dancing is the first thing the cavemen did to entertain themselves on late nights around the fire. Dancing is the way a lord would court a lady in between dragon slaying and dying of the plague. Dancing is how people shouted into the void and told stories without being told to shut up. How can you say you do not dance?" "Umm…" Frank said. "Did you know that in South Africa they made a style of dance called gumboots because abused miners wouldn't be allowed to talk to each other by white bigshot bosses- so they'd tap on their boots and stomp to communicate, then they realised that they could dance it?" Hazel said. "Did you know that nobody knows for sure why Irish dancers keep their upper bodies so still while they dance, but some say that it was to avoid bowing to English lords when Ireland was under their occupation? Did you know that-" "Whoa, whoa, whoa," Frank said. "You're rambling. Your Louisiana is coming out." Hazel took a deep breath and huffed. A piece of hair floated away from her face. "My point is…" Hazel said. Her accent had deflated somewhat. "How do you not know how to dance? I mean… anyone can dance." Frank shrugged. "Mom taught me to skate when I could walk, signed me up for Timbits and that was the extent of the athletics expected from me." "Very few of those words make sense," Hazel said. "Okay, but you call soda 'cold drinks' and that's weirder," Frank said. She grabbed his hands and pulled him to his feet, which happened when he forgot how strong she actually was. "Hazel, this is not going to go well," Frank said nervously. "Frank," she said. She put her hands on his arms. "Frank, folks who didn't have a lot, especially coloured folks, we didn't have a whole lot of entertainment either where I grew up. But we could always dance, and it was so fun, and I have waited a long time to do it again. And I never even thought I'd have a dance partner again. Much less someone like you." Frank looked at her with that strange look he had- like he didn't know what to do with her, but he was also looking at Hazel like he saw every inch of her crystal clearly. Then he held his hand out to her. It hung in the air for a second. "Is that how you invite someone to dance?" Frank asked nervously. "It is in the movies." "That's how we do it now," Hazel nodded. She didn't want him to think she was making fun of him, but she couldn't bite back her smile. "It's a future thing." "As is the Soldier Boy," Frank said. "Oh, shut up and dance with me," Hazel laughed. He'd given her his hand, now she could freely drag him to the dance floor.