her nightstand at home and thought that she'd like to know how the story ended. It was sweet of him, though Hazel had grown dis-attached to the plot. Hazel wouldn't have sent him away even if her mouth wouldn't have been otherwise occupied with a ventilator that she wished she could tell the doctors she didn't need. The doctors could put Hazel in the emergency room's waiting area as a rug and she wouldn't die on them. She wouldn't die on anyone. What a relief it had been when three young children had smiled at her every day, and what a curse it was now. Through a legion messenger and the complex roads of Rome, Lupa sent a letter to Hazel telling her to heal well. Pluto didn't drop by. Chiron said he felt guilty. Hazel didn't know if it was true or not. When the doctors decided that she could probably breathe on her own and took the tube out, Hazel could talk again. The first thing she did was apologise to Chiron. "You don't have to," he said gently. "You pour so much of your time and energy and soul into keeping demigods alive," Hazel said. "This must destroy you." "It destroys me that you are unhappy, Hazel," Chiron said. "And that isn't your fault. Much like these characters are helpless to what the writer springs on them," he said gesturing to her paperback. "Can you read more of it?" Hazel asked. "Of course, child," Chiron said reaching for it and cracking the spine. "Whose fault is it?" Hazel asked. "Pardon?" "You always say it's not my fault that I'm unhappy, that I was... that I so much as wanted to jump. Then whose fault is it?" Hazel asked. "Whoever makes things the way they are," Chiron said. "So the same who made sure that you met your husband, befriended your friends. Whoever will make you happy again." "I don't think I will be," Hazel said. "That doesn't sound right," Chiron said brushing Hazel's hair off of her forehead. "I've exhausted the world," Hazel said. "I've exhausted myself." "I know." And he did. Chiron knew the feeling too. "How do you do it?" Hazel asked. "How do you keep living? If anyone has any reason to break down, it's you. You watch kids die, you've done the same thing for years and years… why haven't you ever wished that you were dead or mortal? Or… or have you?" "It's not easy to laugh at the idea of forever," Chiron said. "I know," Hazel said. "It was harder at first. It never gets easier to lose a hero, but it's harder for me to close my heart to more." "I'm not like that," Hazel said. "I've had to work hard to get to the people I love. I love easily, but I don't reach everyone that way." "I know," Chiron said. "That is my blessing- or my curse." "Have you ever thought of what happened after the book ended to the characters?" Chiron asked looking at the book on Hazel's side table, the paperback that they'd finished that morning. "No," Hazel said. "That's what the epilogue is for." "Is it?" "Yes," Hazel said. "You know that they did save the city, and after that they kept living there, and Teresa marries Jon and their children inherit the throne, and the wall is still standing and will keep standing, and Gregaas remains captain of the watch..." "But what about after the epilogue?" Chiron asked. "There is no after the epilogue," Hazel said. "See, that's another thing about immortal life," Chiron said. "You can't check things off a list and wait for an end. You won't get one. You have to keep thinking of the next thing to do, a new adventure, a new development, even so much as a new card game to learn." "Are you and Mr D still playing Pinochle?" Hazel asked. "Come off of it. I know that you two still meet in the Big House. Apollo and I have been thinking it for ages." "Go Fish," Chiron said. "We have made a full-circle back to our Go Fish phase. Have you played recently? No? I happen to have a deck of cards on me right now..." "Another way you can stay alive and sane," Chiron said -he'd gotten into the habit of giving Hazel a bit of advice every day, so that every day she felt more in control if not more healed- "is that you can admit that immortal life is a burden, you can say it out loud, you can complain about it, you can cry for all you're worth, but you don't find your escape in suicide." Hazel swallowed. The doctors had all used euphemisms, nobody –not even Hazel- had said that she'd tried to commit suicide. "Where, then?" She asked. "Purpose. Ideas. Stories. Happiness is another. And none of these things are easy, but I have found that they are what it takes to survive life." "Hardships for a hardship," Hazel said. "That would be one way to put it, of course," Chiron said. "A pessimistic way to put it, but sometimes the sky is indeed grey." "Then so be it," Hazel said. "Hardships for a hardship. It's better when you're honest about it, when you're not with the gods who are all alright with everything. Can I… stay with you? After I'm out of all of this hospital, assuming my body remembers how to heal itself. Can you bring me back to Camp, can I stay with you? Being on my own has always made everything worst and I need to start learning how to live. How not to want to stop. How to stay willing. Because I can't do- do- do this again. I can't try to end it and wake up alive and heartbroken about it." "Hazel, you can rest," Chiron said. "Relax. Recover." "Then I'll live?" Hazel asked. "Well?" "Why my dear," Chiron said. "I certainly hope so."