About three weeks later, as Nico was just settling down for bed, his phone started ringing. It was a number he didn't recognize, and being a member of the police he was immediately suspicious. "Hello." Nico was greeted with. He knew he had heard that voice somewhere before, but he didn't know quite where. "Who is this?" he asked, not beating around the bush. He also used his scary police voice. "I am a member of New York's Police Department." He heard laughter on the other end. It was a beautiful laugh that made Nico want to laugh along and then suddenly the memories that had been shoved to the back of Nico's mind, only to come out in the dark if the night were there. The memories of the boy that Annabeth undoubtedly thought was cute so she attempted to set him up with Nico. It appears that, for once, she may have actually succeeded. "Hm, so that scary-sexy aura surrounding you not only suits your looks but your occupation? Interesting..." Percy teased. Nico gaped at the phone. "But-but you were hitting on Ann- I thought you were straight!" Nico shouted. "Ah, yes, you see, I thought I was too. But upon further investigation I believe I have discovered that I am pansexual. I've always been attracted to men as well as women, and you have been the first person to make me realize that I wasn't completely straight." Percy explained his theory. Nico nodded. "Okay," he responded quietly. Now it was Percy's turn to be shocked. "Okay? You're not even going to ask what pansexuality is? I had a sideshow prepared and everything!" he whined. Nico chuckled. "My sister is pansexual. She has two boyfriends, one of which is pansexual and the other is bisexual." Nico said, ready to defend his little sister at any moment, but was greeted with acceptance. "If she's happy, then sure, why not?" Percy responded, shrugging. There was a silence between the two for a few seconds before Percy remembered why he called him up in the first place. "So, what about you?" he asked. Nico was startled at the sudden sound. He took a few seconds to register what Percy had said. "What about me?" "What's your sexuality?" Percy prompted yet again. "I'm gay." Nico said feeling a little self-conscious even though he was speak in with someone who's sexuality didn't even exist to a fair amount of the American population. Percy smirked. "Hm, gay means you like boys. I am a boy. And I'm pretty sure boy is a gender, and I am 'gender blind' so... Would you like to accompany me on a date?" he asked. Nico blushed furiously and nodded frantically for about half a minute before releasing that this was a phone call. "Uh, yeah. That'd be nice." Five years later two raven haired boys stared each other down over a sea of people's heads. They were on a beach, the waves were crashing on the shore making a nice ambiance. The sun was shining directly above them in the sky. Many faces stared at the boy in a white tuxedo, which contrasted with his dark eyes, as he stepped up to beside his fiancée. If they turned their heads slightly they'd see all of their family and friends staring up at them and anticipating the kiss to seal this whole thing. As the two men stared into each other's eyes they both thought of their relationship's past. They thought of the night when Percy proposed to Nico. They thought of the day when they first picked up their little baby girl from the orphanage, too eager for a family to wait for gay marriage to be legal. They thought of all the adventures they've shared leading up to this moment. It's time for the kiss and the two can't unite themselves any quicker. The whole moment seems to be in slow motion. They anticipate the feeling that they get whenever they kiss, the slight shock, the taste of the others lips, and amazement at how they fit almost perfectly together. But this time something's different. Maybe it's the fact that they actually do fit perfectly together this time, maybe it's the cool metal of the ring pressing onto each other's hands, maybe it's just the sheer thought of finally being official. But something's different. The moment they've been waiting and yearning for for five years lasts all of a millisecond, but that doesn't matter to the two. All that matters is that they can finally call themselves husbands like they've always wanted to. They feel their little girl run into their side and hug them. They see their friends' and family's eyes glistening with tears of joy. The feel the complete serenity of the moment and how nobody ever wants it to end. And to think, this all started with a wrong address. So, did you like it? If you're new to my account because you're only in the PJO fandom or just haven't read my other stories (which is very likely) then hi! Hello! I'm Oz! And before the Solangelo and a Percabeth shippers kill me and make it look like an accident (or any other shippers for that matter) I would just like to state that I ship anything that ends in Nico being happy, and I also ship a Percabeth. I was just in the mood for Percico so I wrote Percico. M'Kay? Anyways, that was by far the longest thing I've ever written at 3,095 words! Good job self! It took me a while to write it but I really love it. Especially the wedding part. I was listening to Arms by Christina Perri on respect for that bit so I got the feeling of love. Yup. Oh, and since I have an idea that needs a second opinion on a certain question I will ask a question of the day! QOTD: Do you like THG Christmas fics or PJO Christmas fics better?