diplomat who had been brought back from the United States and removed from office after speaking out against Il Duce- Benito Mussolini... There was also Clara, his charming wife, who sang in the church choir and knitted for the soldiers and did a thousand other charitable and kind things. Their first daughter had been Maria di Angelo, definitely a wise-ass and a firecracker in temperment and a bit of a heretic as far as Italian catholics from 1930 were concerned. They had lost three children; their firstborn Anteo in Mussolini's African campaign, their youngest daughter Pamina in childbirth, and their son Adriano during the second world war. But there was another daughter; Sofia. Sofia di Angelo was, in short, a badass. She was an anarchist even during Mussolini's reign, and had been a huge pioneer for women's rights in Italy -so Nico was told. She'd worked in an orphanage for Jewish children for ten years after the war before coming to America with a lesbian lover named Carmela who had left her three weeks later for a veteran who had gotten rich after losing a leg. To this day she said, 'I don't even think I was really lesbian'. Anyways, in New York Sofia had opened a dress shop and when the store became too big for her to handle she hired marginalised women to assist her. Ot all became so wildly popular so fast that she opened three locations before selling the chain to one of her oldest employees and moving on to writing detective novels in German and getting rich off the stock market. In there, she had also studied art history for a year at NYU, taken part in the civil rights protests, disappeared for three months in Tanzania only to later declare that she really loved safaris, purchased multiple motorcycles, and appeared in a viral YouTube video as a 91-year-old lady declaring that her wish had been for 'George Bush or anyone else equally stupid' to never become president while eating red velvet birthday cake. When Nico had met her, she was comfortably wasting away in one of New York's City's best retirement homes where she enjoyed Sudokus, making dresses (she sent them all to Haiti and Syria and wherever tragedies would hit) and blasting bad soap operas to annoy the lady in the room next to hers. You couldn't really tell, looking at Sofia over the last couple of weeks. Nico had watched her state disintegrate after she was hospitalised with Stage IV lung cancer. Sofia would have been 14 when Bianca had been born, 18 when Nico had surfaced. Sofia had been stunned but convinced when Nico had introduced himself- Maria had always been far too secretive about her lover for Sofia to consider him normal. She'd held onto his shirt and cried and cried that day. Now, Sofia's grip was too weak for her to even hold herself up. It was seeing her in this bad shape that had convinced Nico to finally introduce Will to her. They hit it off like two old friends. Will was kind and open and he listened to her ramblings not just patiently, but with genuine interest. He didn't look awkward or horrified or worried when she had to stop midsentence to cough half a lung out, like Nico was sure he did. He held hands with her longer than Nico could hold hands with anyone in the world. He was the one to kindly suggest that it had been a long day for Zia Sofia, and that she should rest. Sofia beckoned for him to come close and he did; she kissed his cheek. Will waited outside, and Zia Sofia softly whispered to Nico in Italian: tenere a questo. "Hold on to this one." "Lo farò," Nico agreed. She coughed again and kissed his own cheek. Nico closed the door on his way out. "You were so good with her," Nico told Will. "She's cool," Will smiled. "Do I get her blessing? I mean, that's as close to a family blessing as I'm going to get, right?" Nico smiled. "I think she was this close to adopting you." He eased himself on his tiptoes to kiss Will. "Thank you." "For what?" Will asked. "For being you," Nico said. "For taking care of people so well. I mean, I know how well you take care of me. But the fact that you can instantly bond with any random Italian senior citizen I bring you to… That's just talent." "If we must each bear our crosses, then mine is the burden of talent," Will said, spreading his hands. His smile betrayed his role-play. Nico rolled his eyes and took one of them, and didn't let go as they walked back home. He hoped that despite the kidding, Will had really gotten it. Both the thank you and the implied I love you. "If I do not violate this oath, may I enjoy life and art, respected while I live and remembered with affection thereafter. May I always act so as to preserve the finest traditions of my calling and may I long experience the joy of healing those who seek my help ," Nico said. He could nearly feel a wave of heat touch his cheek, as if a cloud had just moved away from the sun- or as if a warm hand rested on his forehead. He closed his eyes. He could nearly feel Will, inches away from his face. He remembered the exact way that Will would be saying; Open your eyes, Nico. Take a deep breath. Think of our happy times. Take care of yourself. Nico opened his eyes. There was a full classroom more of doctors in front of him, all sworn in, ready to make the world a better place. There was roaring applause. There was a good world out there. He could still hear Will, too. Saying; You won't want to miss this. I promise the world will be good to you.