dirty his hand with labor." "Well then it's a good thing that you're not a king! Not yet anyway!" Perseus snapped defiantly, refusing to back down from such a brat. He didn't care what this little shit did to him. Drown him, kill him, torture him! He didn't care! "Hey... what are you-" The boy stopped as the young prince sliced through the long draping hair. They glinted darkly as they fell into the water but the prince carried on. Mimicking the movements of the person who would often cut his hair. All the while he watched every way the light glinted through the dark of the locks. Why had he even been acknowledging a slave like this boy? And what had the boy meant when he said: 'only after I delivered my self from my heart in the first place.' This boy was complete nonsense! "You will serve me as my personal man servant." He said coldly and confidently as he finished cutting the length to resemble his slightly. "Understand?" "Heh?" Perseus frowned slightly. "If this is some kind of trick-" "Would you rather explain why there is a boy servant dead in here?" Both turned their eyes to stare at the servant who's blood had spread out across the tiles. "I'm sure the guards would be interested." "Fine... what are you doing?!" Perseus glared as the the prince turned him around and began to pour water over his freshly cut hair. "If you are going to be my personal servant you will look the part." He demanded and began to wash the grime and dirt off Perseus' face. He placed his hand on the boy's face when he was finished and examined it as an artist would. "I have a meeting with my mother. You will come with me." He looked Perseus up and down before rising out the water. "Your clothing will do for now...I will deal with it later." He decided before pulling the boy out the water. The sheer expanse of sunlight and heat in the room quickly dried them both off as Perseus quickly began to dress the brat. The Prince stopped before he was about to turn towards the doorway. "I will deal with the body... but this is your last chance. You may do with it as you wish. Give it a final message to carry the soul to the after life. Marks, hell, for all I care, cut it up even more. The scum had it coming. If you hadn't of done it, then I would have... just a hell of a lot slower." The prince grinned from ear to ear as his sickened mind lingered on ways that he could have tortured the blond slave till it had been screaming for death. "My lips are sealed." He grinned then gave a curt nod to Perseus who stared at him for a minute. Now he was stood in the sunlight. His hair spiked and almost seemed to glow with dark shadows. "Go. Do it. Have your final minute of joy. He hurt you and now he's dead! You destroyed an enemy! Enjoy it!" His dark words seemed to run trough Perseus like a corrupting drug. Then his grin just grew more darker as Perseus turned and slowly walked back over to the body and crouched before stabbing his hand into the chest and pulling the shard out. "You bastard. You deserve this!" Blood splattered over Perseus' chest as the boy screamed and stabbed the shard over and over into Octavian's corpse relentlessly. With each stab the prince's eyes grew brighter with joy and dark lust. "Carry on." He whispered joyfully. "You deserve worse than this!" Perseus roared and slit the throat of the boy. All features were beginning to fade from reasonable recognition till the corpse was left indescribable. "KEEP GOING!" The Prince shouted excitability as Perseus did the last slash from neck to waist. He slumped next to the corpse soaked in blood. For a while the only sound was of sobs which escaped Perseus from doing this dark desecration to the corpse. The prince came over and knelt by his servant as he picked up the cloth that had been used to clean him. He turned Perseus' bronze face towards him as he began to wipe away the blood and tears which had hid that lush bronze, sun kissed skin. "Don't shed a tear. Your heart wanted to kill him. You may not see it now but you wanted it. You did it. Now be still." The prince gently wiped away the blood as he washed the skin free of the corpses stain. The visible ones at least. From every strike that the Prince had just witnessed. Something had burned inside of him. Some kind of attention that he had never afforded to give to anyone else he had met. Every strike had enticed him to go forward and grab the boy. Everything had draw him to reach out and touch him. Maybe this boy was as dark as him! Maybe this slave could actually be worth something! "Now. We will go to a meeting with my mother. Then you will return to my chambers. You will tell me more of your tale okay?" Both stood but Perseus stopped. "What troubles you?" The prince watched as the boy's eyes seemed to almost darken as his aura became colder. "He doesn't deserve the pyre." In one quick move Perseus grabbed the corpse and tossed it over the balcony as it smashed and splattered to the cliffs bellow. Becoming mashed to organs and torn chunks which fell into the sea, leaving only shards of remaining bones which hung to the cliff defiantly. "This is what my money got me." The prince grinned and pulled the boy along as he left and headed toward the meeting. Neither could see the figure shedding soft tears as the only other person who had been hidden in the room fled into the sunlight and vanished.