as a whip, a length of ribbon as long as two bumper-to-bumper cars lashes out like a snake and suddenly Percy is being pushed backwards and Annabeth forwards and before he can so much as blink they're lying on top of each other with a red silky ribbon binding them together like captives. Annabeth blinks. Percy doesn't think they have ever been this close to each other before. He can count her eyelashes. Their noses are touching. "Well, hello." He lets out a nervous laugh. "Hi." "This is a little awkward." "Tell me about it." "Can we roll over? My boobs are hurting." Percy tries not to let his blush show on his cheeks and with a grunt lunges himself to the side so they both topple, leaning against their arms on the ground. It feels even more intimate now, like they're lovers waking up from sharing a bed. It's a beautiful thought and for a second Percy almost believes it until the floorboards begin to make his arms hurt and he spots an ant crawling up ahead. It's not massively ideal, whatever. "Is this another magic malfunction?" Annabeth asks dryly. "I would think so, yes." "Well. Terrific." She sighs. Percy feels her breath brush against his face. "And I don't suppose you can magic this ribbon away so we can stand up?" "Um." "Wonderful, you can't." "It's only a bit longer. Then Lowry will come and get us." "How long is 'a bit longer'?" "I can't see the clock." "I have a watch. Wait, hold on." Annabeth wriggles violently around, trying to wrestle the ribbon bonds so they're on her biceps so she can bend her elbows. However, her attempts are fruitless – they've been bound knee to shoulder. Until Lowry comes to fetch them there's no way they're getting up. "I can't reach it." "It's okay. It can't be that long." Annabeth sighs again. They're in silence for a bit. There's not really much they can do except stare at each other, which does make things increasingly awkward, but if Percy cranes his head far enough he can look at the pile of props they still have yet to put away. They're certainly not as interesting or pretty as Annabeth's face, except he doesn't really think she'd take too kindly to him watching her so closely, especially seeing as it's his fault they're in this mess anyway. "Percy," she says. Percy turns back to face her. "Hm?" "Is there anything you'd like to tell me?" "What?" She sighs again and wiggles around to get comfortable. "I'm not stupid, Percy. I know a crush when I see one." Percy's blood runs cold . He stares at her, completely betrayed. "You knew ?" he whispers. "Yeah." "How long?" "A few months?" He splutters with shock. "A few mon – Annabeth, what the hell?" She looks confused. "Is that– a bad thing?" "Why didn't you tell me you knew?" "I wasn't one hundred percent sure!" "If you had told me we wouldn't be in this mess!" " What ?" Well. He supposes there's no time like the present. "The reason my magic has been going haywire? It's you. Always has been. Apparently I've been crushing on you for years. My magic realised before I did. It's been trying to hook us up for weeks now. The rose petals, red hair, my things always gravitating towards you?" Annabeth stares at him, shocked. "W– what ?" "And now this. It ties us together. Look, Beth, I don't care if you don't feel the same, it's whatever, I'd probably be the same if I was you, but you could have just told me. That way I wouldn't have had all these suppressed emotions that came out in the form of destroying my desks !" Annabeth opens her mouth, and then stops and furrows her brow. "Wait, what?" "If you had told me I wouldn't have taken out my unrequited love with my magic?" "No, not that. You said I don't feel the same." "Yeah. You don't have to rub it in." "No, I'm not–" She stops. "What on earth gave you that idea?" Something like hope flutters in his chest. "What?" "You think I don't like you back?" "Well. Yeah, I guess." "You idiot, I've been in love with you for years ." Percy almost passes out right then and there. "Wh– are you kidding ?" "Of course not! You were– ethereal , Percy. I was smitten with you from the day we met. Are you telling me you didn't know?" "I think our current position answers that question." Annabeth lets out a laugh. "This is so stupid." "I mean. Hurrah for my magic, after all." "I can't believe this is how we confess. On the floor of the prop room tied together with ribbon. I had always imagined it to be big and grand." "This isn't big and grand enough for you?" Percy feels like he's floating. He can't believe this is happening. "Oh, shut up." He giggles, a little delirious. "Make me." She does. With a kiss . Percy thinks he's going to die. She pulls back, her eyes glittering. She smiles big and wide, and Percy's heart swells because yes, he's in love with his best friend but it's okay because she's also in love with him too and now they're kissing in the most awkward position they could possibly be on the floor. "How was that?" she asks. Percy sighs dreamily. "Can we do it again?" She laughs. "Hold on, big boy. Wait until we're out of here." "I'm not sure if I can wait that long." She rolls her eyes. "Well, if you insist." They keep kissing until Madame Lowry comes back. Percy has never been so happy. -end- and that was it! i really hope you liked this, i spent probably far too much time on it (about three weeks i know) so i do hope you all enjoy and please tell me what you thought! bye xxx