into the car." They wrapped it up in under two seconds, and Sally got into the car. Annabeth could tell that she was biting back a smile. "Oh and by the way," Percy said rummaging in his backpack. He pulled out a biology test. "95%. How's that for focused during the cram?" Annabeth laughed and squeezed his hand. "Congratulations. Wow, this really worked out great. We should do this again next year." Percy's jaw dropped. Annabeth laughed nearly as hard as Sally. "Don't fight her on this, Percy," Sally said. "Especially once she sees days ten, eleven and twelve." "I get days ten, eleven and twelve too?" Annabeth asked with a smile. "What kind of a cheap jerk do you think I am?" Percy scoffed, insulted. Annabeth laughed and rested her head on his shoulder in penance. He kissed her hair and they settled in for the ride. A month later "How's your contract going?" Annabeth asked, her hands unfolding from her mug of tea and reaching for a cookie. She enjoyed visiting Sally. She and Paul always had some new tea lying around and Annabeth had claimed her own mug from the array in their cupboards. Sally constantly had fresh baking in the house. Sally was as good at conversation as she was with silence, and sometimes the apartment was just a good place to curl up and read while Paul procrastinated on correction by pacing aimlessly, or while Sally joined Annabeth with her own paperwork. The best part was that she was always welcome to look up and ask a question or burst into a rant about anything. And Sally was perhaps one of the only people to understand what Annabeth was going through spare Grover, and she was so much easier to get in touch with. "It's going well," Sally said pushing a lock of hair from her face. "I finished revising the first draft before New Year's, and it's back in the author's hands now. I'm back to paperwork for the senior editors." "That's alright," Annabeth said. Sally nodded. "It's a great job, even when I'm only doing photocopies. Beats retail, anyways. How's school going? Did you get that physics test back?" "Yeah, I blew it like I thought I did," Annabeth said biting her lip. "It's not the end of the world. It's what you get when last period's substitute teacher was a dracanae. Who followed you into the bathroom during the break." "Honey, I'm sorry," Sally said holding out her hand. Annabeth took it and took a deep breath to secure herself. She was intelligent. She knew that. She had a critical spirit, her memory was amazing, she could puzzle out riddles, and her problem-solving skills were spot-on. But grades were hard. For all intents and purpose, Annabeth could cure cancer or build the eighth wonder of the world or become the next Socrates raddling out philosophy in the streets if she put her mind to it and worked her ass off. But the problem was the grades. The plague on children of Athena everywhere. If Annabeth spelled mitosis "mitoiss" on a test, or switched 42 for 24 in an equation on paper, she was toast. In her head she never made these mistakes, she knew what mitosis was and how it was called, but on paper everything was jumbled. She knew that it wasn't an excuse; that she had to work through her Greek-programing, but it was so scary to think that one day she may not be able to do what she'd always dreamed of, that the only people who considered her as smart as she was were the ones who could die at any point in time like her. It wasn't helping at all that they were slipping slowly but surely. Sometimes because of monsters, sometimes because of emergency quests within New York when Jason or Piper popped up in her dorm, sometimes because of the insomnia and worry that gnawed at her nearly constantly. "I should be doing better," Annabeth said, turning her head. "Listen to me here Annabeth, you are doing fine," Sally said. "Especially given the circumstances…" Annabeth tugged at her curls. "We just wanted one Christmas," Annabeth said pathetically. "Annabeth, they would've taken him from the apartment if not from camp, and then it would've taken even longer to realise that something was wrong," Sally reasoned. "Logically I know," Annabeth said. "But I… We haven't had one restful summer since we turned twelve, it would've been nice to have a nice Christmas. We could've eaten until we felt like throwing up. Had snowball fights with everybody else. Jesus, sometimes Miranda Gardner follows couples around and sprouts mistletoe over their heads. We could've just swapped presents and watched old movies. It would've been such a nice break... He didn't even get to finish days ten, eleven and twelve, and he was so fucking proud of himself." She didn't swear much in front of Sally. Percy had told her once that it reminded Sally of Gabe sometimes, and Annabeth knew what a pain triggers were. Percy and Paul only swore back and forth at each other when Sally wasn't home to get it out of their systems. But she was so tired. Sally switched spots on the couch and wrapped her arms around Annabeth. "I think you'll be okay," Sally said quietly, kissing her hair. "And you know what?" "What?" Annabeth asked quietly. "I think that a bad Christmas makes a good Christmas great," she said. "Just you wait until next year, Annabeth. Just you wait." And Sally's smile was so kind and promising and honest, that Annabeth couldn't help but take a deep breath, smile and believe her. "I guess I can give him his Christmas present on his birthday," Annabeth said. "That's the spirit," Sally said. Paul, dodging some particularly unpleasant ninth grader essays to correct by cleaning bathrooms, strolled by with some Windex in hand and hummed: "Fa la la la la, la la la la."