Poseidon," Hera said. "It's a pleasure to see that you've been paying attention. No, we gods cannot bring back the dead. But we can grant wishes, and we can create as easily as we can destroy. I'll let you puzzle the pieces out. If I were you, I would call a hospital to have this little one checked up on and registered by the state. I have full confidence that on Christmas night, the childless couple who found a baby in the park may be allowed to sit by her, and that you may even be championed in the event of an adoption case." Annabeth shook her head, looking at the goddess. There were a thousand questions in her eyes, some of them, Percy guessed, may be- why, what, when did you decide to play nice, who is making you do this, what is the catch. "Consider this a Christmas gift," Hera said. "Since the season is right. Consider it payment. And my debts to you both wiped." The goddess disappeared as quickly as she'd appeared and Annabeth choked on a sob. "Percy," she said. "Percy… It's her. It's her, we've been following her all night, like a star." "I can't believe this," Percy said. But he looked down at the baby and her amber eyes, and he also saw a little button nose that he'd seen in Annabeth's baby pictures and a splash of freckles he knew he'd born as a kid. "I'll call an ambulance," Annabeth said. "Like Hera said." "I think this is the first time we're listening to Hera word by word," Percy said. "Hush, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth said. She took off her scarf, holding the phone between her ear and her shoulder as she pushed it into Percy's coat, to keep the baby warm. "Hello? I need an ambulance in Central Park… My husband and I found a baby in the snow…" "Our baby," Percy said quietly. His watch beeped, it was 12:00 AM on Christmas day. "We found our baby in the snow." There were few things that Percy and Annabeth had wanted to do less than host a New Years' Eve party, but Piper had made it pretty clear that even if she weren't invited, she would be showing up at their house to see the baby- so they may as well feed her and let her watch the ball drop on their television. The baby was currently in Hazel's arms, however. She was wearing a dress with a white skirt and a black top and a silly paper crown from a Christmas cracker on top of her curls. She and Frank were cooing and making faces and trying to elicit a laugh from the baby, giving each other high-fives every time they got her to giggle. Leo and Jason were helping Percy with the dishes. Grover was eating tin cans and healing all the plants in the apartment that Percy and Annabeth had nearly killed since the last time he'd come by and saved their greenery. Magnus, Piper and Reyna were sitting on a couch and exchanging phrases in Norse, French and Spanish- which Percy knew wasn't going to go well because they were also finishing a bottle of wine. Harper Jane was telling Nico and Will all about how when she'd gone to the doctor a mean doctor had given her a shot, so it was good that they were going to school to become good doctors. Mom and Paul were looking on amused, and also catching up with Frederic Chase who had flown across the country as soon as Annabeth had called. Malcolm was inspecting the structural integrity of the baby's crib, which Percy thought was frankly unnecessary since the baby had been safe and sound for the last three days- since her discharge from hospital. He didn't complain. He just pulled dessert out of the fridge and brought his double chocolate cheesecake out with a pile of forks and knives and paper plates. "Hazel, you're going to have to give up the baby," Annabeth said. "Her bottle's ready." "I can feed her," Hazel said. "Let me? Please. Please, please, please!" "She's a fussy eater," Annabeth said. "But later you can change her if you want." "Oh no," Hazel said. "Oh no, she is too cute like this, she has to stay in her little ladybug pajamas forever." Frank kissed the baby goodbye on the forehead, and then she was passed to Annabeth who got settled on the couch with the bottle. The doorbell rang while everyone was digging into their cake. It was Chiron in his wheelchair, snowflakes dusting his hat and scarf and shoulders. "Chiron!" Percy said. "Happy New Year's, Perseus," Chiron said. Percy stepped aside to let him in. "My dear boy," he said. "News takes a little bit of time to reach us at Camp, but not too long. Mr D will never forgive you for not having told us yourself, or so he says. I believe he's forgotten the entire issue by now, but I, for one, was very excited to hear about your…" Surprise adoption? Mystery baby? "Christmas present," Percy supplied, while taking Chiron's coat. Chiron laughed. "Annabeth, Chiron's here," Percy said. He showed Chiron the way in, and Annabeth smiled from the couch where she and the baby sat. Chiron's eyes softened when he saw her. "She's precious," Chiron said. Annabeth got up and brought the baby over, and slipped her into Chiron's arms. She squirmed for a minute, but settled down rather quickly in the centaur's arms. "She looks like you, Annabeth," Chiron said. "The nurses at the hospital honestly could not believe it," Annabeth said. "It's just been coincidence after coincidence after coincidence for the three of us..." "I assume she has a name?" Chiron asked. "Well, yes, the nurses at the hospital named her, and we like it," Percy said. "It's Evie- well, Eve. Eve Mariana Olivia Jackson. Although that last part's not official yet. But we're planning on it."