She wore her black bathrobe which shifted as though the wind was hitting it while she kept her palm aimed at her brother. She flashed a white pearly grin and chuckled as she bounced on the spot. "Chimera wings trump shadows!" Both watched as their eldest brother went sailing over their head and flapped his wings sending a large blast of wind their way making them cover their faces. "WATCH THE HAIR!" The two siblings barked as they watched Alex smirk deeply at them both but stopped when he went face first into the locked door. "Ouch!" Lucy grimaced as she watched the boy slowly slide down the wooden framing and lay flat on the floor. If their lives had been in anime, then there would be stars spinning around Alex's head. "Lucy Emily Maria Di Angelo!" Sirena shouted from down stairs. "DID YOU SINK YOU TURN THE FLOOR INTO SHADOWS AND SINK YOUR BROTHER INTO THEM AGAIN?!" "Uh..." She looked down to see Charlie smirking evilly as his emerald eyes sparkled with mischief. His black and golden hair shined out defiantly in their strange colours. It was weird... they had even been like that then he was born. Spiked locks of ink black which held shining loud streaks of spun gold. "No?" She called back down, hoping that their mother would fall for her cute voice. "Then why am I staring at his hands and legs through your father's hand painted mosaic ceiling?!" Sirena called. "Because... dad's paintings are so amazing that they become more life like than most people can truly conceive?" She shrugged and looked down to her youngest brother for guidance. Alex was the oldest out of them as he was eighteen (his parents asked him how old he felt since he seemed to grow a lot slower than the others. Once when he had prayed to Apollo for guidance, a demi-monster wasn't a very common thing to see among this world. Sometimes their ageing could be different upon how they felt. So in stead of celebrating every year. Alex celebrated his birthday ever other year for age... but that didn't stop his parents for giving him the double amount of gifts. Lucy herself was a couple of days away from finally turning seventeen. Unlike Alex and her other siblings, she grew just as an ordinary demigod would; one year at a time. All those extra years had allowed her to catch up with Alex... it made her scared that if they went by age, she would soon be the oldest of all the siblings. She had decided on her graduation day, like her older siblings Alex that she would stay in college and live a quiet and casual life. Maybe she would meet someone, live in the safety of the city... after all. She had done her time in the legion unlike her other siblings. "Nice try kid, but compliments aren't going to stop your mother from seeing your brother's arms and legs through the ceiling." Her father laughed from downstairs making her pale all the more. "Oh crap." She growled. "LANGUAGE!" Sirena called. "And Charlie, stop giving your sister the middle finger." Charlie paled as this time it was his turn to watch Lucy grin like a Cheshire cat. "Hey Charlie, nice legs." A new voice called making Charlie's cheeks turn bright pink and Lucy grin even deeper as she recognised the voice which made her baby brother blush. "Say hi to Rosario for me." She winked. "No! Lucy! Don't do it! PLEASE! DON'T DO IT!" He screamed as he sank through the shadows. The last thing she heard was Charlie's voice echoing ' Incoming!' as she directed the shadows to crash him into the other boy downstairs. "Honestly... can't you all just grow up." She turned her head back to the bathroom door as it slowly opened to reveal her last brother who stood there with nothing but a white towel around his waist. His snow white pale skin stood out among his hazel nut brown hair. He didn't resemble his siblings much with the exception that like the other's his eyes seemed to sparkle with the siren aura just as his voice was silky and hypnotic. His eyes were a warm brown which almost seemed crimson. He seemed so stern and cold. He never opened up to any of his other siblings much except to just mutter insults about them. The only person he even seemed to connect to was with his mother, father and Charlie. Their mother had explained to them that being a siren meant that no two of them ever looked alike... which was strange considering the amazing comparisons between Charlie and their mother. But her younger brother seemed to share no similar features with the rest of them. It meant he got a lot of stares. When ever he introduced himself as a Di Angelo. People would always pause to look at him as if to say 'really? You're a Di Angelo?' Lucy could guess why Charlie's older twin didn't like getting close to them. "Come on John! Ease up a bit!" Lucy sighed but watched as her brother ran a hand through his hair and clicked his fingers. The shadows seemed to bubble at his feet for a moment as though liquid ink had spread through the carpet. "Uh...what the-" The voice echoed from downstairs before the shadows regurgitated Charlie back up onto the tile floor. "You know you could have just come in and join the shower." John muttered as he slowly moved back into his twin's room. "Aw come on! No fair!" Lucy groaned as Charlie grinned and closed the bathroom door. "Oh and by the way." John poked his head out into the corridor with a dark glare. "Twin trumps idiot." He gave another long elongated click as Lucy found herself crashing down into her own shadows and out onto the lawn where the sprinkler sprayed her in the face relentlessly. "JONATHAN!" She screamed.