trips around the world with you?" "You did," Leo said. "I guess that's why I thought you guys were too important to risk. Because you were the first to really, really do that. That was so new to me, I didn't know how to manage it. Well, I did. I'd seen it done. I guess it just wasn't my first instinct and we were a bit short on time. I'm sorry." Jason nodded, and he watched the sun rise and bounce off the snow a bit more. "Jessa wanted to know why we were making so much noise," Jason said. "She wants to meet you. And then she wants to open Christmas presents. Come on." Leo's heart dropped, and it started up again as the smile sprawled across his face. Hell, maybe it even grew three sizes. Jason and Leo went to go grab breakfast for the four of them, leaving Piper to pick up the wrapping paper and colourful tissue paper laying on the floor and on Jessica's sheets. Now Piper was braiding Jessa's hair and chatting with her, which was by far one of her favourite things to do in the whole wide world. Except when her four-year-old went all metaphysical and existentialist and deep before 9:00 AM. "Mommy?" Jessica asked. "Yes baby?" "Why don't I know Uncle Leo like Uncle Percy and Aunt Annabeth and Uncle Frank and Aunt Hazel and Aunt Reyna and Uncle Nico and Uncle Will and Aunt Gwen and Uncle Dakota and Uncle Bobby and Uncle Mitchell and Uncle Malcolm and Aunt Lacy and all them?" Jessica asked. Leo's omission from that list was painful enough, but having to justify that to a four year old child? Then again, Piper had held Jessica during nights when she'd been sick and trembling until the early morning. Piper had had to tell Jessica that her blood was sick and that it was a bit their fault. Piper had to leave her daughter every time she saw her, and Jessica always, always cried as Jason and Piper pulled each other away from the Big House (because if it wasn't for each other's sakes they'd be holding their little girl and screaming and crying too). Piper had had to tell Jessica that she may die if she didn't take her medicine or wear her oxygen mask or let Chiron and the medics give her injections and work their magic. There were much, much worst things to have to tell a child- and Piper had found that the truth was always the best. Even when it sucked, the truth was mostly around to stare you straight in the eyes. Even when she was dressing Jessica in her pretty Christmas dress - a red and black checked shirt with a soft red top- she'd come across scars on Jessica's belly and ports for IVs and bruising from dialysis. There was no point in lying. "He's been away," Piper said. "Is that why you're angry, Mommy?" Jessica asked. "I'm not angry with Uncle Leo," Piper said. And that was the truth. Piper was... dissapointed, in a way. Well, it wasn't the entire truth. She was a little angry. And the fact that Leo hadn't expected that... Maybe that was dissapointment again, however? She'd thought she knew this boy and that he knew her back. She'd thought they were friends. Friends knew each other. Friends didn't leave each other. Friends didn't miss the biggest, baddest parts of each others' lives. "That's good," Jessica said as Piper tied off her braid with a red elastic. "Chiron read me a story about how Christmas is magical and about love and joy and being with people and forgiving. That's what he said it was about." "What was the story called?" Piper asked. She felt as if a thousand boulders were shifting across her stomach. " How the Grinch Stole Christmas," Jessica said. "Can you read it later to me Mommy?" "Absolutely," Piper agreed. The door was pushed open. Leo came in holding plates all over his arms like a waiter. "Daddy Jay said you liked waffles, Jessica," Leo said. "Is that true?" Jessica sat up in bed happily and clapped her hands, a smile across her toothy face. Piper smiled a bit too, and she didn't stop as they spread a picnic blanket on Jessica's bed and set up breakfast. This was how they always ate their meals with Jessica, and Leo seemed to fold into the routine as if he'd been an ingredient all along. It calmed Piper down a bit, to see him so naturally... at ease with Jessica, despite the wires and tubes and pills that Jason portioned out with her meal. He passed the syrup and offered to cut Jessica's second helping of waffles so that Piper could eat and he teased Jessica about how Santa Claus wasn't above return policies and so she should really eat her fruit... It gave Piper a bit of hope, too. Even if he'd been away for so long, even if he wasn't perfect, even if he was still a little bit selfish and a whole lot of awkward, even if he'd missed the hardest moments of Piper's life and of Jessica's diagnosis and treatment and medical scares... maybe there was hope for all of them yet. Maybe it wasn't too late for Leo to be in their busy, tumultuous, agitated lives. In their little broken family, held together by sheer willpower and pure love. Hope. That was something else that Chiron had forgotten to tell Jessica that Christmas was about. Piper would have to tell her later, when they read the story. Perhaps if Piper made a Grinch voice, that Jason read the bits about the dog- maybe Leo could sing like the whoos in Whooville and make Jessica laugh. She'd like that. They all would. "Thank you Leo," she said. Let us all rejoice again On Christmas day, on Christmas day Let us all rejoice again On Christmas day in the morning