liked; they were always quite appreciative. Leo' breath was warm on her lips as she slowly slid a hand into his flightsuit, her nails lightly scraping across his pelvis, down his shaft, and very gently across his head. His whole body stiffened and shivered, and for a moment she was worried he was about to cum, but instead he breathed a wordless moan and tried to move his hands down to clasp her again. Calypso firmly banged his wrists back against the wall, holding him still while she cupped his member in her hand, gently stroking while she considered it in the dark. It was smaller than average, but she was sure that between his eagerness and her readiness, Leo would be able to satisfy her with it. Very deliberately dragging her thumb along his entire length, Calypso let go, enjoying his small gasp of disappointment as he couldn't see her unsealing her own flightsuit. She was pulling the fabric down to her thighs by the time he understood, quivering in anticipation as the cool air in the conference room wafted against her naked bottom, and she could only imagine Leo' expression she moved closer to him. There was no uncertainty or hesitation in her movements as she slid his length from the restrictive suit, and her grin was wide enough that she had to stop kissing him for a moment, turning her head to let his kisses fall on her cheek and neck. She could feel his pulse pounding beneath her fingers as she slowly slid his head from her lower stomach across her mound, leaving a slick trail through her pubic hair along its path until she settled it between her legs, pressing against her clit and lips. Leo' breath was so shallow she could barely tell he was breathing, and Calypso almost wanted to keep still for a few moments, just to see what he would do. However, she too was beginning to ache in her core, all too aware of the wetness dripping onto the pulsing length that sat between her legs, so close… Hooking a finger beneath his shaft, Calypso pulled it up while sliding her hips forward, taking his entire length inside of her in one glorious, heart-stopping moment. Leo gasped out a cry, loud enough that Calypso put a hand over his mouth, laughing a little under her breath. They stood like that for long, intense seconds, neither moving as they both revelled in the pleasure that locked them together. When she was sure no one had heard Leo' outcry, Calypso began to move, slowly sliding her hips back until only his very tip was within her, then slamming forward, pushing him into her until she couldn't any more. She tried to keep up the achingly unhurried rhythm for as long as she could, but Leo' hips were moving as well, bucking forward and back at a pace out of sync with her own, sending unexpected spurts of pleasure through her at irregular times. Although his efforts were still fumbling and slightly counterproductive, Calypso could feel the sexual desire pulsing and building inside her, could feel how wet the heat between her legs was becoming. Letting go of his wrists, she grabbed his hips and forced him to move in sync with her, speeding up so that he could thrust inside of her at a faster pace but forcing him into her rhythm. Her orgasm ripped through her so suddenly that it was all she could do to hold on to him, pulling on his hips to slam him into herself again and again, first her legs then her entire body quivering as it overtook her. Easing her hands up his body, Calypso slowly came down from the high of her pleasure as she let Leo take up his own pace, pushing quickly in and out of her as he approached his own climax. A second before he came, as she felt him tense inside of her, she placed a hand over his mouth again, just a second before he gave a shout that would've almost certainly been heard had it not been muffled. She pushed him against the wall with her hips, moving them gently as she felt him shooting inside of her, trembling and straining while he filled her. With a smile that was almost fond Calypso carefully stepped back, delicately sliding the sealer over Leo' spent member so that there would be no offending stains that could be seen. Only when she had carefully pulled her own flightsuit back up over her shoulders did she reach over and flick on the light. Leo's grin was so genuine and enthusiastic that when she saw it Calypso had to grin in response. "That was…that…." he struggled for words, still smiling, while she slid the seal back up to the neck, "…that was pretty fun, Miss Calypso," he finished awkwardly. Calypso looked at him, the very picture of an awkward boy, unsure of where to look or what to do with his hands, and decided to go easy on him. She reached over and flicked his nose with a rigid glove, hard enough to mark but not bruise. "It was a lot of fun Rook," she said, smiling to take some of the sting out of the reminder, or at least to take the bite out of her words, "but it doesn't make us friends." "Oh. I mean, sure, I didn't mean-" Leo scrambled to recover, but Calypso simply smiled again, reached past him, and opened the door. After considering for a moment, she kissed him quickly on the cheek so he would know she wasn't angry. "See you at 0445," she smiled, and left quickly enough that the door would slide shut behind her before he could fumble for a response. Her cravings satisfied for awhile, Calypso walked up the hallway towards her own quarters, turning the day over in her head. I think it's going to be a very interesting year…