lost little boy. "And you've done an amazing job at healing him," Chiron said. "Go. I'll stand vigil." Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own. -H. Jackson Brown, Jr. Will was having a blast and a half. The Argo II had been declared, by the senate, to be property of the Greeks and so the ship was presently in their custody, parked in the lake and doing nothing but looking cool. Which meant that it became an ideal party center. The children of Hephaestus and Apollo would work together and make playlists and plus amps so that music blasted through the entire ship. The place was usually decked out in crazy insane lights. The doors to the cabins had been locked (for obvious reasons) and the engine room was guarded by children of Ares- but that still left plenty of room for dancing and mingling and darts and whatever else happened on any given night. It was awesome. Will loved it, loved the karaoke machine, loved the noise and the jumble of people and the carefree attitude of people sipping soda and "apple juice". He was sitting on the edge of the railing and laughing at a joke that Travis told him, feeling really good with the night air against his skin, the stars in the sky, his hand in Jake's and a plastic cup of root beer in his hand. He turned towards Jake, who loved knock-knock jokes, to give him a " that one's funny" look, but Jake wasn't even looking at him. Jake looked teeny tiny and overwhelmed by the action and the crowd and the music. "I doubt we'll hear another knock-knock joke like that," Will said. "Let's call it a night?" Jake nodded and they left the ship before it was even 9:00. Son why you got to sing that tune Catch a Dylan song or some eclipse of the moon Let an angel swing and make you swoon Then you will see... You will see Then he said, Here's a riddle for you Find the Answer There's a reason for the world You and I... - The Riddle, Five for Fighting Will hated school. He wanted to get a degree in English literature and become a teacher, and he was thankful for all the help that Paul Blofis had given him to do so and the support he'd gotten and the fact that Apollo and Camp were helping him pay off his bills, but he couldn't handle sitting down and listening to people talk about Shakespeare as if they knew decisively what they meant. Will hated his dorm. It was too small and grey and he couldn't put posters or pictures up or else the school would freak. He didn't like how he was paying tons of money to do this. His roommate left Cheetos everywhere, had girls over all the time, he always hid Will's stuff as a joke, and he hated everything- including Will. Will hated the premise that people had to pay for knowledge in order to make money and accomplish their dreams. Will didn't like how he couldn't go jogging all the time and couldn't exercise at all. Will hated how he felt so naked and unarmed all the time because he couldn't bring his bow and arrow around, and had to carry a knife and hope for the best about monsters. He hated it, mostly. And people always asked him why are you doing it then? Nobody's making you become a teacher. Nobody's making you live in a dorm. And Will always answered with, "Because it's the easiest way to get to my life with Jake as quickly as possible." A good marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short. -Andre Maurois They were squashed against the couch on their first night in their first apartment in New York City. Yikes. This would have been terrifying, if Will wasn't moving in with the calming kind of handyman that Jake Mason was. They could conquer any rent, any malfunction, any issue. Except for Will's first day as a teacher tomorrow. That was a terrifying perspective, and it was a sad little reminder that Will wasn't actually a kid anymore. Now he was an adult. With things like responsibilities and taxes. He'd have to start wearing suits and non-sandal shoes. It was all scary, and Will couldn't sleep at the thought of it all. So Jake was staying up with him for the night since he wasn't working but going to a 12:30 lecture tomorrow about some form of engineering. The TV got boring, the news was looping, all the soap operas were in Spanish, their conversations were dulling, and Jake was starting to fall asleep. "Hey," Will said shaking him awake. "Wake up. You said I owed you five bucks if you fell asleep. We need to start another conversation." That was the thing with them. They didn't have to talk or be doing something all the time, being with each other and chilling on a couch they'd picked up on a curb was enough. It didn't help with the all-nighters, though. Just as Will was about to go make coffee, Jake sat up. "Alright. How's this." He pulled something from his pocket- a tiny box that... no... no way he had not he was not... Jake got down to one knee and smiled at Will. "Will you're not an idiot and you know exactly what's going on and so you must also know how much I love you. In which case, will you marry me?" Upcoming ship weeks August 10 - 16 - Free slash week (author's pick of a same-sex story) 17 - 23 - Free friendship week 24 - 30 - Chris and Clarisse 31 - 06 - Jason and Reyna September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 4 - Percy and Annabeth