Tears no longer threatened to fall from his eyes, and long gone was his hopelessness. Now it was replaced with something new, and yet still old. The optimistic bravery that people everywhere saw and loved. The characteristics that Percy had so missed. Gently the old man handed him Hope. It hummed pleasantly in his arms. "Now go, Perseus Jackson. Light up the world. The gods are depending on you." The phrase didn't scare him any more. The old man began to walk away, but Percy called out to him. "Wait!" He turned back. "How did you do that? With hope, and me, and the song, and… well everything?" Not the most eloquently phrased question but it will do. The old man just looked at him a moment. "You'll learn. Eventually." He said and began to walk again. "Why did you show up. I mean… now. Why not before?" Percy called after him. "Because I wasn't needed before. But you needed me then." The old man called back. he was getting further away, the air seemed to be swallowing him. It distorted around his figure. "Where will you go?" "To the mountains, away from all the fighting." "Looking for safety?" Percy asked. The air was really vibrating now. Particles zipped around him, and water gathered in the air. He turned back around, practically shimmering. Percy had heard of vapor travel, but he had never seen it done in person. "No," he said calmly. "But the view will be better." And then he was gone. Only then did it occur to Percy, that he never asked the old man's name. And, that he seemed impossibly familiar. But he didn't have time to stand and think. He was running now, jumping over debris, Hope held tightly in his arms, and he had no plans to let it go soon. He was back at the the Empire State Building in minutes. Demigods forming a sort of honor guard as he jogged past with Hope. The doors opened automatically, revealing the lobby which had been converted into a partially war room, partially armory. He saw Thalia, who was going through armor, who immediately dropped her task and jogged over to him. "Percy, where were you?" She asked, walking alongside him. "Out." He responded. "Thinking." She regarded him strangely. This was not a typical Percy Jackson answer. "What about, and what was that singing?" He pushed the button on the elevator and it opened immediately. Dinging to signify it was already on the lobby floor. He stepped inside and selected the 600th floor. Olympus. "I know what I have to do. Stay down here, keep everyone prepared. We're about to have a lot on our hands." The elevator doors closed before Thalia could protest. The elevator began to slowly rise, blasting out some seventies pop rock ballad. Sounded a bit like Genesis. But Percy couldn't care less, the words of the old man still echoed in his mind, and for the first time since the beginning, Percy felt like they had a chance. A chance to come out of this on top. Hope hummed happily in agreement. Which goes to show, that in the right hands, the worst situation can be made into a good one. Miserable depression can be cured, and replaced with happiness. And the best thing is, sometimes they don't even have to do much of anything. They just have to be. And their very path of life and existence during those events can leave such a strong imprint on the lives of so many people, that they can change the world for the better. Even if it's just in minor ways. Because those minor ways aren't always so minor. Sometimes a little hope, can turn into just a little bit more. And from there, it can go a long way. Rest in Peace - Christopher Lee 1922 - 2015 Beloved Actor, Musician, and Veteran. You will be missed I'm going to start out and say, as strange as it may sound, it brought a tear to my eye to write this. Christopher Lee was one of the most remarkable people I ever had the chance to meet. He truly was a wonderful man, and had the tenancy to be able to turn depression into happiness, and helplessness into hope. And he was also an inspiration. A man who made old age seem less frightening, and even appealing. He was one of the coolest people already when he was young, and he just got cooler as he got older. He showed the world that you didn't stop having to do the things you love because you got old. You just were more bad ass when you did them. I am glad he was able to see his last film before he died and got the chance to star in Lord Of The Rings, like he always wanted. Even though he wasn't able to play Gandalf. I advise everyone reading this to go and check the man's body of work. His two hundred plus films are mostly worth watching. From Lord of the Rings, to Dracula, to Sherlock Holmes, he brought something special to every role he played. And that's why he will always be remembered as one of hte greatest actors the world has ever seen, and one of the kindest and most bad ass men around. AN: Sorry for the lack of updates. I have been away from a computer the past week, but I am back at one now... obviously. I plan to rapid fire several updates soon. Still don't know about The Picture of Perseus Gray, I still love the idea and yet and indecisive on where to go with it. Thanks to all of those who were patient. As always, read and review. I greatly appreciate it. I may add a second chapter to this story later if I feel like it needs it, but this may be it here. Until next time, this is Hemlock Stones signing off.