herself in this kind of mess once more. Besides, would Thalia let any mortal doctor touch her? Luke didn't have any money on him anyways- and if you needed that to get treated, he wouldn't be able to get her in anyways. He had to listen to Thalia now, to let her make the hard choices- because she would go ahead and make them anyways. That pigheadedness was something he'd admired about Thalia, but now he was scared of the thought process it inspired. Two prayers in one night, he thought. You guys are lucky up there. But don't get too excited. Just keep Thalia safe, please, please, please, that's all I need. Keep her safe. He took the bottle of ambrosia from the storage bin that had been buried in the sand, and shook it. It looked like apple juice, fizzing up in the bottle. He held the bottle just over Thalia's wound and was about to put it away. This was too dangerous. He'd been so afraid of losing Thalia all night, this was a sign. This was a signal that she meant too much to him, more than a best friend did, for him to play with her life. But then he made himself tip it. The nectar poured over Thalia's leg and she screamed. "I know, I know, I'm sorry," Luke said. Thalia's hands were knotted in the blanket she was laying on and her back arched. But her leg didn't move a hair. Even half-unconscious and rather delusional (she'd started talking to him about bugs crawling on her arms) she knew what was going on. The wound sizzled. Luke wanted to throw up, but it meant that something was happening right? He put more nectar on the wound and Thalia yelled again. She tried putting her wrist in her mouth to stop herself, but Luke knew that the pain didn't get any more tolerable. If anything, it seemed to hurt her more every time and that might have made him stop if he wasn't so scared of losing her. Losing his best friend would be one thing, but losing Thalia was unfathomable and Luke could not let it happen. He tipped the bottle again and Thalia screamed again. Tears prickled Luke's eyes and before he knew it, he was crying too. Nerves, fear, fatigue, compassion- whatever it was, it was rushing back to Luke all too quickly and the tears were coming down quietly. He did this again and again. The wound sizzled again and again. Pus and blood and whatever else came out. Luke whipped it away in between pourings until he had no more nectar left. He threw the bottle away, whipped the gunk away, smeared some Polysporin on and applied a new bandage. He hoped that that was enough. Because if not, nothing would be and he'd lose her. 5:37 AM She was stable. Finally. Luke breathed a sigh of relief. Light was poking in through the holes in their shelter and the sun was rising. So was Thalia's chest. No more fever, no more shivering, no more weird breathing, no more moaning and hallucinating. Thalia was sleeping peacefully. 8:30 AM Thalia came around for the first time and her eyes were clear. That's how Luke knew that she may stick around. He told her briefly what happened. She'd gotten sick, Luke had brought her here and healed her. "I remember bits and pieces," Thalia said. "My leg hurt like a bitch. You were calming me down all the time. Except you left for a bit, to get supplies. It was hell of a night." The darkest night of my life, Luke wanted to say. But he didn't. It'd been agonizing, tiring, frustrating, draining and terrifying. Coming so close to losing Thalia had made him realise just how much she mattered to him but… but that much importance was nearly overwhelming for Luke. Thalia wouldn't like it. Besides, she'd just nearly died. She deserved a break. "Speaking of my leaving," Luke said. "I was technically on a medical supply run…" "But you took more things," Thalia finished. They knew each other too well. "Hey, don't say it like that," Luke said. "I even have stuff you may like." Luke showed her the food first and she smiled and clapped at that. "Not pizza, but peanut butter's good- no arguing about that," Luke said. "I found these Kool-Aid jammers or something- it's like Kool-Aid in juice box forms. I think it's genius, but here's what you're interested in." Luke produced a bottle of black nail polish, some cheap drugstore earrings and maltesers. Thalia frowned and sat up, backing herself up to the side of the safe house. "I figured that I may have to encourage you to get better," he said. "I also figured that you'd probably hate the earrings, but that I should grab them anyways…" "You're sweet," Thalia smiled. "And they're not even that bad." Score. "Thank you," Thalia said. "For taking care of me. You should get some sleep, you've been up for hours." "I'm okay, you rest." "Luke Castellan, go to sleep or this is going to be hell of day too," Thalia said. "I'm okay. Promise. I'll just eat some Maltesers and stand guard." "And wake me up if you feel sick or tired?" "Sure," Thalia said. She wouldn't, but Luke couldn't win a fight against her- especially not when she was getting her colors back and looking healthy again. He put his head down on her lap and he was out like a light. Upcoming ship weeks August 03 -09 - Free Week (author's pick) 10 - 16 - Free slash week (author's pick of a same-sex story) 17 - 23 - Free friendship week 24 - 30 - Chris and Clarisse 31 - 06 - Jason and Reyna September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 4 - Percy and Annabeth