everywhere and the next it was just darkness, you have no idea…" She barked and licked his cheeks and Percy took a good, good deep breath. Hey. He could breathe again. Annabeth helped him add a message in white Sharpie on Cleo's blue service dog vest: DO NOT SEPERATE ME FROM MY OWNER EVER. As if that wasn't obvious enough as it was. Zeus, people were dumb and insensitive and too curious and incredibly dumb about service animals sometimes. Don't touch. Don't ask, because it's none of your business unless you know the person affected. Don't pry. Don't interfere. Don't. Touch. While at Camp, Percy found out something else that was wickedly cool about Cleo. She could bring down a two-hundred pound child of Ares if he came at Percy from behind in the sword rink. She could, and she most certainly did. Like, what was Percy supposed to do other than pat her on the head and wonder if Cleo was maybe an abandoned or retired K-9 dog or possibly a massive ass gift from the deepest, purest part of Olympus? (Feed the dog a humongous steak and a small pile of marshmallows at supper, that was what). "Hey, Cleo, you know what?" Percy asked. "You know what, girl?" He was using the voice that made her extra-extra excited just because he could. Her tail was about to helicopter-torpedo fly off of her butt. "We're going to try sleeping without the nightlight on today," Percy said. "Yeah. Yeah we are. It's gonna be dark, but not too bad right girl?" Cleo's butt kept wagging around. Having a dog was like a perma-cheerleader. "Right," Percy said. "Just… stay close, okay girl?" Cleo did stay close. She never left Peryc's side. Unless he asked her to stay at home while he ran a little errand, or when he flew to Camp via Pegasus and decided to give her a weekend off instead of subjecting her to the traumatic experience of flying… (also he was scared that she and Blackjack may be able to communicate and then gang up on him) On Percy's graduation day -which, it's worth mentioning, was a miracle all in itself- Percy was woken up by Cleo bouncing on the bed excitedly. It took him a while to sit up, acknowledge his lucidity, focus his eyes, and realise that Cleo was so hyper because of… a hat? "We made it for her," Mom said, just as happy as Cleo. "We figured; well, if you're graduating, and she's graduating- then she needs to wear a graduation cap when she walks across the stage with you, right?" Percy looked at Cleo once and then laughed. (And then spent the next twenty minutes being ultra-vigorous as he pet her to make sure that he hadn't hurt his dog, his beautiful dog's, ego). As it turned out, Reyna was rich. Filthy rich. So filthy rich that she disgusted herself. This was mostly because her father had been filthy rich before he died, but also because Hylla had used her resources as Queen of the Amazons to sell the house in San Juan. And even more so because Hylla didn't want a single dollar of her inheritance and had therefore transferred it to Reyna- who hadn't known it existed and hadn't needed it, ergo letting an enormous sum of money collect a ridiculous amount of interest in what could only be called a beautiful accident. Reyna didn't want the money either at first. She and Rachel had commiserated for a bit. But then Reyna did what Reyna did best; she turned pain and blood into something worthwhile. She bought a huge property in California, south of Camp Jupiter, and made copious sacrifices to Iris to connect the land to Camp Half-Blood. She built a huge fence circling the land, a modest house on it, and an impressive dog kennel to match. She shopped around shelters in San Francisco and San Juan and New York alike, and picked up any dogs that Aurum and Argentum didn't hate on site. She gave jobs to angsty half-bloods and legacies who weren't fit for legion work and to Greek demigods who needed more than camp to survive. Nico di Angelo did her taxes with her. Percy Jackson and Gwen were the veterinarians on call. Jason spent most of his time there and did groceries weekly, to the point that the pet store owners knew him as he came. They also recognised the old, reliable golden retriever who always walked at his side; Marcus. Reyna housed around 50 dogs at a time, and every month there was a new, rehabilitated stray who was ready to meet his new half-blood owner. The Stoll brothers took care of the paperwork, which was the only truly sketchy part about "Canis Olympia", but Reyna's dogs mysteriously appeared in data banks as certified service animals. When a blinded half-blood stumbled into Camp Half-Blood, there was a dog ready to act as her eyes and her nose only seven months later. That was Aggie, but the list was long. Annabeth's Oliver, Hazel's Ruby, Will's Lux, Katie's Holly… The dogs kept coming, and they kept going, and there kept being this incredible demand for them. Eventually, to continue receiving income for food and clothes and such, Reyna started training dogs for mortals as well. It was Thanksgiving, now. Summer had just ended, and it'd been a crazy blitz of incoming half-bloods and the administrative mess of matching dogs and owners. There were now only thirteen dogs on her land; this was Reyna's time to breathe. Well, nearly. Most of the guests had dogs. Oliver, Ruby, Lux, Marcus, Bones, Sabina and Helen were currently all jumping and prancing as their owners finished up dinner. Oh, and Cleo. Cleo had started it all, and so it was only normal that she was the one who came out of this with a thousand new friends and a bunch of new Frisbees to play with every time she visited.