only person I had felt close to. Nico slowly stepped forward. He had definitely grown over the last year. He was slightly taller than me and I smiled looking into those dark eyes once again. "Long time no see." "You… but you were in… the island…" "You two know each other?" Percy looked at the exchange between us but me and Nico kept our eyes locked as though we were scared the other was going to drift away on the breeze. NO! I can't think like this! I broke the gaze and lowered my eyes to the ground as a blush crept to my face. Nico shifted uncomfortably as though he was having the same thoughts and didn't want to show this to the others. "He saved me once on his mother's island and I didn't realize it till later but he also saved me in Tartarus." No I couldn't. if I looked at him now as tears were gathering in the back of my eyes I wouldn't be able to stop till I had my arms around him and he was whispering softly to me the way he had done in Tartarus when I had been screaming from the pain. Nico Di Angelo. The ghost king, the son of Hades, the boy I… no I wouldn't say it. I have hidden this long I would not ruin it now. I looked over to Annabeth as I shifted my feet uncomfortably. "Please can you show me where I will be staying?" "That's why I'm here." Nico said as the other two Demigods began walking away with a curious look evident in their eyes. "You will be staying with me until another house can be found for you. Are you okay with that?" Tartarus yes is I! "Yeah." I couldn't even look him in the eyes. We walked through the town four about an hour and I began to feel exhausted. I hadn't slept properly in days except for when I had managed a few hours sleep when Percy and Annabeth said they would keep an eye out. I may have been monster but my body was a mixture of components of being monster and immortal yet my body apparently radiated a reek of Demigod scent. Part of my curse to be outcast, I belonged no where. Nico came to a stop outside a small apartment like villa and I looked at the smooth painted walls and garden which was unused. "Here we are. Come on in. Make yourself at home." Did he use that gentle tone with everyone? Or was he more comfortable with me because I was an immortal of the underworld. As I walked into the villa the first thing I noticed was how beautiful it was. Black leather couches reclined on a fur carpet while paintings hung on the wall and I rushed over to look at their amazing detail. A small kitchen was to the right as you walked in with a marble island top while around the edges were counters fridges and an oven which looked just as unused as the garden! The bedrooms were ad the end of the living room separated by two doors. The one of the right was to the smaller bedroom though it had a king sized bed and air con unit to keep the room at a pleasing temperature while the door on the right led to a large bathroom through why it had both a shower and bath I was unsure but I still made sure that I would have that bath before I went back out again. Then I frowned noticing a painting that was close by. I wasn't frowning at it because of if I thought it was bad. I was frowning at it because of what it was. When I looked at it, it was like looking into a mirror. My golden locks were swerved over dark green eyes and smooth lightly tanned skin. Though my hair was short at the sides the swerved locks still tried in attempt to spike up. I looked over to a large mirror that rested in the bathroom. I guess being a siren my body was supposed to look attracting to those I was attracted to. My body was lean and curved while having a smooth chest and torso. My skinny jeans went with the image perfectly as I looked a the student belt which hung loose slopping to the side while my orange shirt Percy had lent me made the whole image look a bit strange. My eyes glanced back over to the painting of me and that's when I noticed the signature. "You did this?" I asked Nico who blushed slightly but nodded sheepishly. "You have real talent. I love the way you used the paint to make it look as though my hair is moving but I don't understand. You never saw my face, even on the island you never saw me until the moment that we were both sent to Tartarus." "I remembered some parts of your features from… that place." I understood his reluctance to mention it. I had watched even from my unconscious as he had almost died in that place all by his self and I couldn't have done anything about it. I turned to him and smiled, "I never did thank you for helping me." that made him frown. "Why would you thank me? You saved me." "You were the first person to stick around and look after me, to show me kindness." "You better get some sleep." "Ugh. Nico there is only one bed." I blushed brighter as I looked away from his gaze. "I'll sleep on the couch. Now go and sleep." He turned me by my shoulders before I could argue and laid me down on the bed and walked out. Maybe I should give this camp a chance. Maybe, just maybe, I could find happiness here. Well… that was If the curse didn't ruin it all first.