to do better than that. I'll tell you what; you think of somewhere good to take me, and I'll go." His eyes seemed to almost glitter, "Challenge accepted." She waited outside by the bench. The one she'd sat eating her take out and trying to forget him on. She definitely didn't miss the irony on this one. She 'd dressed up- well, as best she could. Of course she wouldn't have packed the only formal dress she owned into her case, she had been packing for a beach trip, after all. Besides, she would have look stupid wearing it for a casual date. Instead she'd picked out the only plain dress she'd packed; a simple white. She waited swinging back and forth on her heels as she did so. After a few minutes, he made his entrance and produced a warm smile. She smiled back, almost reluctantly, and took a moment to appraise him. He cleaned up nice.(should one use literally here? She wasn't sure) Like her, he hadn't exactly dressed up per se, but he was wearing shoes, which counted for something. Even if they were flip flops. The bottom of his feet up to his shins weren't coated in beach sand either. He still wore his usual outfit of board shorts and a Hawaiian-print overshirt, though. His hair was unbrushed. He looked almost...polished, but at the same time, he looked natural, like himself. She liked that. "So, are you ready?" he asked her. "Sure." They walked for a bit, then hailed a cab. She sat and talked to the driver for a few minutes, nothing beyond friendly exchanges, and before she knew it, they had stopped. Sally smoothed her dress down and wondered if she shouldn't have gone for her usual outfit too. Did she look too pretentious? Should she tie her hair back? She wondered why she was so nervous. It was just a casual date, wasn't it? Then again, she could barely remember the last time she'd done this. She gave herself a patient smile, and this time instead of worrying at her dress, she smoothed out the wrinkles of unease on the fabric of her mind. After all, he seemed to be just as unsure about this as she was- a comforting thought. Suddenly, Poseidon took a hold of her hand, smiling at her as he led her gently along a road that curved around a huge rock formation. "I know your personality by now. You can't fool me into thinking you're all gentlemanly at this point," but she was smiling. He laughed good naturedly. They talked a little bit, then stopped, opting instead to enjoy the easy quiet. What looked to be about halfway there, she held up an arm in front of him. He almost tripped in surprise at the suddenness. She barely noticed. "Just give me a moment," she said, not even taking her eyes off of the view of the horizon. Oh, the view. She just stood there for a moment, drinking in the sight of the ocean. It was a pure, beautiful blue. It was like one of the ads depicting a perfect ocean, but it was real. Right there. The was peeping from behind the clouds, giving them an almost ethereal glow. He stood there right along side her, letting her have a few minutes, then gently took up her hand again. "Just wait until you see where I'm taking you. It's even better." She raised an eyebrow in a wordless 'Oh really? I seriously doubt that. It doesn't get any better than this.' He cocked one of his in response, 'Trust me.' She lifted their intertwined hands, "Let's go then." Neither of them let go. She liked the gesture, he was clearly making an effort to respect her space and not push her into anything. It was sweet and relaxed, yet it was still somewhat romantic. Despite what she'd said in teasing, he really was learning. They walked on for a few more steps. He looked smugger and smugger as they went on, and he'd raised his eyebrow so far it was a surprise it didn't take off like a majestic eagle and soar away. Just when she thought she couldn't take any more of it, they stopped. "Well?" he said. She gasped. They stood in there front of the mouth of a cave. It was slightly dank, but otherwise beautiful. A small waterfall ran down from above their heads and dropped off a few feet into the sea. It provided the perfect shield, no one could see them from behind the waterfall, and it gave them their own secluded space. She grinned widely,"It's...it's beautiful." She expected him to come out with a few thousand egotistical remarks. Instead, he rubbed the back of his head, almost shyly. "You like it then?" She went on her toes, planting a gentle kiss on his lips, "I do." He looked like a kid on Christmas- one who'd just received a bike or whatever it was that little boys wanted these days. She pulled her dress off over her head and sat, bikini-clad, and sat in the little pool, right under the spray of the waterfall. He laughed and joined her, undoing the buttons on his shirt as quickly as humanly possible. She splashed him with a facefull of water as soon as he sat down and laughed so hard she almost slipped off the edge. He put an arm around her waist and steadied her. "Careful now." They kissed again and it was so sweet and innocent that it left butterflies in her stomach. The end came far too soon and she turned to him at the last minute. "I think..." she said, resting her head on her shoulder, "that I'm coming back here. And when I do, we should do this again." "Aww, but I can't wait that long. I think I'm going to see you sooner." She laughed, kissing him again just because she could, "We'll see, Poseidon...We'll see."