exception is if it is an important matter in front of the whole Olympian council or they where a god or had been offered godhood. Accepting it sadly I then remembered what had happened to my mother I frantically looked around the room before asking Apollo "Where is my Mother?! Where is she Apollo?!" He looked at me sadly before whispering something extremely softly. Asking for him to speak up as I couldn't hear him he said "She died we tried to save her but when she hit her Brain got severely damaged and we couldn't fix it in time. I burst out crying I couldn't take it the pain it was unbearable I just cried for several hours until Apollo came back after leaving an hour through me crying. When he got back he told me "The Olympian council wishes to speak with you!" All I did was ignore him and carry on so yet again he left. then I heard someone else come in some bigger I turned around to find someone wearing a t-shirt and Hawaiian shorts he also had a small beard and had the body of a professional swimmer. I instantly knew who it was but before I could say anything he spoke up son please come see the council I know it is hard but you just need time and maybe we can help you with that," nodding at him I walked after him as soon as I got outside of the hospital type building the city that I was in was truly amazing it was truly beautiful the architecture was great the colours were incredible it was like a paradise. After a while I could see a massive building at the top of the mountain that we had been walking up. I had not forgotten my mother's death but I wanted to appear strong to my father so I fought the urge to cry at what my mother would of thought about this as she had always enjoyed architecture especially ones with water and mountains she said because it reminded her of my father. As we got to the big building I gasped in shock at how beautiful it was it made all the other buildings look like wooden shacks. the beautiful marble pillars with incredible patterns beyond anyone imagination carved in them. Most importantly there were twelve thrones all the size of 15 double Decker buses high with people sitting in all of them except the sea coloured one that seemed to have waves coming off of it which was obviously made for my father. As I entered I heard a booming voice that reminded you of thunder speak "Ah Percy Jackson supposed son of the sea good for you to finally decide to join us." Everyone laughed at this but I just found it stupid I had just found out my mother had just died and the laugh at me. I look at the man that had just spoken and I shouted at him " YOU ALL LAUGH AT ME! MY MOTHER HAD JUST DIED AND YOU THINK THAT IS FUNNY! DO YOU!" When I finished they all looked at me at shock before all but Poseidon attacked me . Feeling the same sensation I had felt last time I knew I was ready to fight. As the first one got to me I knew it was Hermes from his speed I dodged to the side so he would miss his charge. When he got to me he swung the first punch which I easily caught before using my other arm to smash on his arm causing his arm to break. As he fell to the ground I flipped backwards to dodge arrows that had been fired at me. When I landed the second person who from the look was Artemis she pulled out her hunting knives and started swinging blow after blow which I easily parried each time until I finally found a weak point which was ducking under a blow and grabbed hold of her clothes whilst we were back to back before pulling her over my head smashing her onto the ground in front of me. Taking her hunting knives I charged a the next person who seemed to be Athena from the calculative look in her eyes. She charged at me with a spear and a shield in her hands. As she got to me she sent a stab to my head which rolled under then I sliced the spear in half the I sent a punch at her head essentially knocking her out next was Demeter by the way the plants were following her. As soon as I got close she shouted something like "φωτιά!" ( AN: IT MEANS FIRE ) as soon as she said it arrows rained down which was followed by fire, lightening and plants I had to dodge non-stop with things like flips rolls mid air half turns and all that just avoid death but when I got to Demeter I easily beat her with a punch to the throat to distract followed by a round house kick to finish her. The something odd happened as soon as I got close to the big guy I suspected was Ares from the way he was built like a complete Brute all brawn no brain. But when I got close I was suddenly somewhere in the mountains and I was confused. why am I here I then could hear a voice it sounded like it was saying "Hello young one good to finally meet you," but I couldn't tell who it was. Who is the person who he can hear? How the hell can he fight so well for his first time? Will he rejoin the fight or not? Who was it that controlled him when he killed Gabe? Answers will be in next chapter Please leave a review telling me what you thing constructive criticism are useful. Thanks for reading hope you enjoyed.