but your kingdom. You need to be able to make the necessary sacrifices to make your kingdom survive. And with this plan your kingdom and ours will definitely thrive." Odin contemplated this while Frigga made a decision that she was sure was right, "honey, this is necessary. We do not know what we will face in the future and with them as allies, we will surely prevail. Do not mind me, I will not be jealous of you getting a new wife so soon. All I ask for is you to love us equally." That proved to be the push in the right direction as Odin nodded after another moments thinking. "Thor, are you okay with this?" It was important to ask his son, he wouldn't want to alienate him from the family. "Are you alright with this, son? Me, marrying a woman so soon after the death of your mother." He was quiet for a while, staring into the distance. "Yes." he said suddenly, "like they said, it's for the people and besides, you're the one getting married, not me. Also, mother would've wanted you to move on, not stay sad after her death. So, yes. I'm fine with this, not completely happy but I'll learn to live with it." Frigga and Odin broke out into smiles while Tyr patted, although with them being Asgardians and 'vikings', it was definitely more than a pat, his back. Odin turned towards the Egyptians who were also smiling, "We accept your proposal. We hope that we can work well together in the future and accomplish much, Lord Ra." "Me too, Lord Odin. Me too." "And I hope you can forgive me for my behaviour earlier. My emotions got the best of me and I lost control." "Fret not, my friend. It was completely understandable. We will meet again at the wedding." With that the Egyptians flashed away, shortly followed by the Norse. Line Break The wedding took place almost immediately after the proposal was made and relations between the two of the strongest pantheons in the world was better than ever. Hathor was more than willing to be wed and become queen to one of the grandest kingdoms known to man. The marriage itself was a very grand affair with all of the members of both pantheons in attendance for the spectacle. It took place without any hitches and was successful especially with Ra overseeing the affair to make sure that nothing goes wrong. To seal the deal, the marriage of Odin and Hathor was consummated and a few days later it was found that Hathor was pregnant with a child. Celebrations went on for weeks at this news and both the kingdoms were in uproars of joy. Line break A loud cry of pain got the attention of Odin, the all-father. Identifying it as his wife's cry, he immediately rushed to his chambers where she was present. He found that he wasn't the first one to arrive as his other wife, Frigga, had already made it and was assisting the midwives in the child birth. It was a long and arduous child birth but after two and a half hours, the child, a beautiful, baby boy was born. He had a small tuft of black hair sticking out of the top of his head. They were unaware of the colour of his eyes because he still hadn't opened them. Hathor had almost passed out from exhaustion but was awake long enough to be able to hold her son. Tears of joy running down her cheeks as she caressed her sons cheeks and held him gently. At that moment her son opened her eyes and she was stunned by their vibrant green colour. She gasped when they suddenly changed to a rich purple and then again to a luscious blue. They were constantly changing from one colour to the other and it was mesmerising. She undid her robe, to free her bosom to allow her son to suckle from her. At that moment, there was a flash of light and they were met with the sight of the Norns. Quickly the occupants barring Hathor bowed down to their knees. "Rise Asgardians." They announced as one. "We are here for the naming of the young one as well as to give him his titles." Hathor, with reluctance passed on her son to the three sisters of fate. The first one started, "you will be named Perseus Odinson son of the All-Father and Hathor." The second one said, "you will bring peace to every land you go to and justice will prevail in your name. The virtues of man will be based on your ideals and views." The third one decreed, "you are the god of peace, justice, loyalty, virtue and unity." (A/N Too many, too peaceful, thoughts on these domains?) Together, they announced, "Perseus Odinson, son of Odin and Hathor, god of peace, justice, loyalty, virtue and unity. The bringer of peace, the epitome of compassion and the hand of justice." So, thoughts on this story. I know that the storyline is slightly messed up and very confusing, even to me, but bear with me. Basically, this is before the Greek gods rise in power and they aren't a very significant pantheon yet. Also, how do you think this story should proceed, should I delve more into Percy Jackson and the Olympians or the avengers or try both? One more thing, who do you think Percy's two wives should be. I've already got one, but I'm not sure about the second one. Whether it should be a Greek Goddess, if yes then who? Or whether it should be Natasha Romanoff. I think that this pairing might be slightly strange, I can't even imagine the black widow as a wife. But anyways, this is just a small idea that I had and wanted to post at least the prologue to see what you guys thought of it, please let me know in the comments.