said. "I'm the kind of person who needs to understand how things work and human bodies are new to me, so can you just… run that by me one more time?" Will nodded. "Lacy has something called a subdural hematoma." "What does that mean?" Lacy said. "Think of your brain as your body's hard-drive, but instead of wires carrying current you have arteries and veins carrying blood around. When you smash a computer and then deal with a broken wire, there's a chance that you can get electrocuted, right? Well, the blood vessels inside the brain, and the ones between the brain and the inside of your skull- they're breakable. But when they bleed, that blood takes up room inside your skyll, which squeezes against the brain itself and creates pressure which can be damaging and..." "My brain is bleeding," Lacy said. "I'm afraid so," Chiron said. "You must have hit your head during the war, you may not remember it because of the adrenaline or because it wasn't too bad at the time, but it's highly probable. The hematoma developed slowly considering how it took more than ten days for symptoms to manifest. It's rare but possible. Especially in demigods." "So what now?" Nyssa said. "Surgery? Do we have to bring her to New York for surgery? Or- or are there just meds you can give her?" Will and Chiron looked at each other. "No," Nyssa said. "No, you have got to have a plan. You need to know how to fix this." "We do," Will said. "Or at least we would if we'd have caught this earlier." "What William is trying to say," Chiron said, "is that Lacy's brain bled too slowly for too long, and it's too fragile to be treated. Lacy wouldn't survive surgery. She may not even survive the move there. If she weren't a child of Aphrodite who had her loved one near, she wouldn't be surviving at all." "No," Lacy said. "No…" "I'm sorry, Lacy," Will said. "You shouldn't be alive right now, and there's nothing we can do to change that but keep you comfortable until your brain dies." "I don't get it," Lacy said. "We were… we survived everything. We survived our childhoods. All the wars. All the fights. After all that, you're supposed to be okay. We survived all the things, why… why now…" "Stay calm Lacy, you could make it worst," Nyssa said. "It doesn't matter, does it?" Lacy said. "Nyssa, we worked so hard to survive… and I had to go and hit my head…" "It's not your fault, babe," Nyssa said. She crawled into bed with Lacy and put an arm around Lacy's body. "It's not your fault." "But something had to go wrong somewhere," Lacy said quietly. "Lacy, my dear…" Chiron said. "Shut up, okay?" Nyssa said. "Shut up! She's just scared. And when we got scared as kids, all the bedtime stories said that after the battle, if you were still standing, you got the magic flying horse or the treasure or the fleece or the kingdom or the princess. And we weren't even asking for much, we just wanted each other. That's all we ever asked for, damnit, and everyone's always tried to take that from us... Chiron with all due respect, don't try to reason with her right now, because nothing makes sense- none of your old stories make sense. We were supposed to be okay. She's just scared." "I'm scared," Lacy said. "I'm scared too, babe. But I'm right here, okay?" "Okay," Lacy said. "But I think... I think I'm more sad than scared, Nyssa." Will tried to take Nyssa's arm as she walked into Lacy's private room. He even asked her if she'd had supper yet, or lunch for that matter. But Nyssa ripped her arm away and hissed I'm fine like nobody who's actually fine ever does to their best friends. "What?" Nyssa asked when Lacy looked at her. "I'm fine. "I want to be too," Lacy said. "I wanted to stay for you. And live for you. I fought for you. And now we're going to lose each other anyways. After all that, why don't we get to be okay?" Nyssa crawled into bed with her and held her from behind, with Lacy's head pressed against her chest and tucked under Nyssa's chin. "I thought I was going to lose you years ago. I got a whole seven extra years with you. Four extra miracles after I met you, I mean… Lacy, don't cry. Maybe we got our okay a long time ago. Maybe we've had our run." "It is," Lacy said. "I wish I could give you more time. A better life, the kind of life we always wanted, you know? When we thought that we'd be okay later... " "Lacy Allan," Nyssa said. "Don't talk that way. You were the greatest thing that ever happened to me. The worst thing that could have happened to you won't change that, okay?" "Okay," Lacy said. "I hate the infirmary," Lacy said quietly. "I like the pain meds, but I... I don't feel good, Nyssa." "I'm going to hold you for as long as I can," Nyssa said kissing the back of Lacy's neck. "We'll just… we'll hang out here, okay? I'll bring your quilt and your bedside lamp, and we'll make Will bring us food, and we'll get all the scoop on him and di Angelo…" Lacy smiled. "And we'll play I Spy and watch old movies and maybe we can play checkers or something," Nyssa said. "And I'll paint your toenails and we'll listen to the radio and we'll… I don't know, Lacy. We'll make it work. We always made everything work, even this will be okay. You'll see." Lacy smiled again, her eyelids fluttering. "It'll be an awesome place to bleed out. An awesome place to fall asleep. It'll all be okay." "We'll be okay," Nyssa said kissing her cheek. "After all of this, we'll be okay."