love, and love makes people stupid. . As Percy and Annabeth leave the Cabin, I am sitting on the steps. My back is turned to them, but they immediately recognize me by my white hair (my fucking white hair which you use as an excuse to call me Bianca). I can see them freeze on the spot, their attitude closing off and becoming… fearful. As if they were scared of me, of my judgement. Maybe they were just scared of the emptiness inside my eyes, the hollow in my voice as I spoke. "_you done now?" They nod mutely, a crimson blush taking over Wise Girl's cheeks as I walk past them. (do you also have a pet name?) You are under the shower when I come in, the whole Cabin reeking of sweat and sex. I bang against the shower door as I walk past, feeling all the anger bubbling up and spilling over in acid waves. The lights begin to flicker as my indignation grows, the quiet lure of betrayal calling to me as I needlessly hit whatever I can. I am seeing red. Everywhere, the walls are tainted red as I lose myself in an ocean of resentment. I hate you. I hate you. I hate you so much it shouldn't be legal. I hate you so much I wish you would die. I hate you so much I wish Tartarus upon you again (and Hades knows I was the one to hold you through the nights). I hate you, and the realisation lifts a weight off my chest. "_Hel?" Your voice is worried as you open the bathroom door. There is but a towel wrapped around your hips, hanging low on your body and revealing dark purple marks on your neck. The anger spikes again, as the voices luring hate in my brain whisper to my ear. "_I hate you." Three little words, whispered through the room. They hit you with the violence of a hurricane, barrelling into you with the strength of a thousand hits as I see you pale and take a step back. "_I hate you." This time it was a little louder, slightly more angry as the darkness pulls at me and screams to me to hurt you. To mar you. To brand you. "_what? But…" you stutter and stumble over your own feet, tripping on words and losing footage as I watch you drown. You hadn't expected this, had you? And as I turn on my heels, heading towards my bed and opening the wardrobe, I hear the bathroom door close. I don't turn back, not even when I hear the muffled noises coming from inside. Not even when I hear the hushed tears and the quiet conversations. Not even when Bianca roars inside of me and begs me to help you. I don't turn back, because the voices were right. I hate you. When you come out of the bathroom, you don't even glance my way as you make a bee line for the door and rush outside –to cabin three without a doubt. To have a shoulder to cry on and a hand to hold. I scoff at you, and the knowledge of my hate helps me. I am Hel and not Bianca. I am a sixteen years old white haired girl, not a nineteen years old Italian sister. I am Hel. And Hel hates you. . Sometimes I wonder why I hate you. Why there is this acrid pit in the bottom of my stomach which drags me under with every hope that it'll somehow be better one day. Sometimes I wonder why I hate you. But I know the reason. I hate you because you made me Bianca when I wanted to be Hel. I hate you because you bent and broke me, you watched me shatter on the ground and you stepped over me. I hate you because if you hadn't been there, then I wouldn't have become this white haired freak. I hate you, because in the end I do love you. . People are watching. They are judging me, as I drag out of Cabin Thirteen the bed I sleep on. They are curious as to why I am piling the empty wardrobe onto of the bed frame. They are questioning as to why the mattress is torn and lashed at, springs jutting out of it. They are wondering why the bed sheets are rolled at the bottom of the pile, why my towel proudly stands at the top of the pile. The children of Athena know why the mount is so aerial, why it looks like a pyre. Because it is one. And people gasp, as they see me drag a duffle bag out of the Cabin. They shout, as I set it down away from the fire and near it. They recoil when I rise my hands high to the sky and suddenly, out of nowhere, cold green flames rise from the underworld. They shout, when the sheets catch fire instantly and the wooden frames soon groan under the heat. They shout, they gasp, they recoil –and I stand there, watching the fire lick at the vestiges of Bianca. I hear people calling for water, Percy hurrying out of his Cabin with you and Annabeth at his heels. I see your eyes widen –because you know all that stuff belongs to me, and you know that if it is burning it means I am not coming back. And yes, Nico Di Angelo. I am not coming back. So I turn on my heels. I turn my back to the fire, silently catching your eyes (yours are full of uncertainty, anger and confusion. Why? Why am I doing this? Mine are cold, mad and determined. I am not coming back.) Your eyes as still as black as mine, but I don't care anymore. I grab my duffle bag and simply allow myself to fall back into the shadows. I am done being Bianca.