slept. The cracked walls of Cabin Thirteen had refused to bow before any other God than herself, only crumbling to dust when, in front of Reyna's disgusted eyes, she had silently stroked the black surface. The Praetor's black eyes haunted her. And Hel wondered when she had turned her back on her kin and found a family amongst the mortals. . As the days turned to weeks, and the weeks to months, and the months to years, Hel watched with washed out eyes the world change. She watched the world become crueller, colder as her brothers and sisters visited the middle realm, silently toying with the lives of those they belittled. She watched as the Gods became bitter, as their eyes veiled to the beauty of the earth and as they turned to violence and anger. As time passed, Hel watched the land she had lived in crumble and turn to dust, becoming the recipient of the Gods' wrath. And with every child mourning, with every song unsung, with every tear shed, Hel missed the company of those she had come to cherish more than she should have. . Eventually, one day, Hel had enough. She had enough of hiding, had enough of mourning, had enough of living this parody of a life. Hel had enough to pretend they were here with her, when the ghosts of those she loved wouldn't even bear to look at her in the eye. She had enough pretending she was happy when she so clearly wasn't. So what now, had her dad asked so long ago. Now… Now Hel was done. . Tired of pretending, Hel did the only thing she could think of to right her wrongs a little; she back tracked. It was a simple deed, the right thing to do. To simply wish herself away, and she would disappear into the wind, taking with her a kin in which she had lost faith. She would become a mere figment of human imagination, someone that had never existed anywhere other than in the heads of a few lunatics. With a simple swipe of her hand, Hel could set the world back to what it was before she sold it for a place at the council of Gods. (wasn't it ironic?) With a simple swipe of her hand they would be back. Hades would be back. Nico would be back. Reyna would be proud. . Hel remembered. She remembered the first time she had heard Nico's laughter. He had a really nice laugh, it was warm and homely and cute. After that, Hel had tried to crack some jokes, to hear his laughter again. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't –but she tried, again and again. Because his laugh made her smile. . Hel remembered the first time she had met Hazel. She had been so worried, wondering how the girl would react to her, if she would be kind or if she was going to dislike her for taking her place by Nico. She was feeling anxious, her palms sweating in a way which made her far more human than she should have felt. Hazel greeted her with a warm hug and an open heart, and Hel felt at home right away. . Hel remembered the first time she had met Persephone. The woman with the chocolate skin had looked at her with unreadable eyes as she scrutinized the girl her husband had just introduced as yet another one of his illegitimate children. "_that one's not a mortal, Hades." The explanation about Hel's nature had ended up with Persephone, Hades and Hel sweaty, in bed, doing things they shouldn't have been doing. . Hel remembered the second time she had met Leo (the first he was so drunk he tried to kiss her). He had had this gleam in his eyes, the one look of utter longing and despair as he thought he was alone. Hel had sat beside him, silently waiting for the silence of the night to envelop them in its cold embrace. Neither spoke a word, but she came back the following night. And the following. Until the broken light left his eyes. . Hel remembered Reyna. She admired the girl, which had been a strange concept for her. She had never thought a Goddess could have respect for a mortal, and yet here she was, looking on at the girl with what had to be respect (and maybe a little awe) in her eyes. Reyna would be granted a place in Valhalla, she had no doubt about it. She was, by excellence, the definition of a leader. And Hel felt sad at the thought that she would never get to see the girl again after her death. . Hel remembered. And there, in the midst of memories, Hel wondered if they would still remember the cold, quiet Daughter of Hades when her friends would wake up. . So, after one last look at the earth, barren and dead under the harsh rule of the Asgardian, Hel allowed herself to fall out of time. And she took with her, into the folds of Chaos, all those broken Gods she had once envied. . Reyna was once asked what a hero was. The Roman paused, thinking a little and weighing her words before a reality imposed itself in the forefront of her mind. "_a hero is someone who is able to rise past her mistakes, as to righten the wrongs, be they hers or simply the ones of fate, in the name of what she cherishes." A small smile made its way onto her normally closed off face, a whisper of a name lingering on her tongue. Someone like Hel. She chased the thought away with a frown. Reyna didn't know anyone called Hel. . The thought hit Hel, one day as she was laying in her bed, waiting for the sleep eluding her, thinking about the gods and her role in this masquerade. God is only Dog spelt backwards.