grins at me. "So you think you will dominate me in bead." I challenge grinning at her. "Sorry. The only one who I believe would one day have the ability to do that is Annabeth." "Is that so?" She tries to push me down to between her girls and take control but I stop her. "Maybe I need to put you in place.." She laid her head to one side. "How do you intend to do that?" "Tomorrow you will be the one bound to the bed but for now I will have you do things to me. Now first you will learn a lesson." Before she could ask I pushed her of me and laid her so that her butt was on my lap. It had little fat but was quite firm. Then I started to hit her ass so hard she winced each time my hand descended on her behind that was slowly turning red. After a minute I stopped and turned Piper on her back. She looked at bit dazed. "You know Piper. Hazel is quite talented with her tongue? Have you done that before?" She looked at me with her kaleidoscope eyes. "No. You forgot that I am usually in charge. I pleasure them until they are out of action and that´s it." I gin stroking her breasts. "Then you will like it." I push Piper of me and then I pushed the now sleeping Hazel away from the sleeping Annabeth and lie down between them. Then I sit up and grab Pipers arms and pull her up so she could pleasure me with her mouth. "Now start." Piper sighed and started to lick the length of my man hood. After I while I lost patience and made her take me in her mouth. " I grab her head and force her head down so far that she gagged each time. Just before I came in her mouth I pull her head of. The daughter or love gasped for air. "Now I am going to finish you off." At this she looked quite close to panicking. I grab her and lay her in the space where I just was. "You know. I hadn´t been under a guy in three years." she mumbled. I grin at her and push her legs apart and look down and the girl under me. Then I position my manhood between her legs and she automatically raps her tanned and trained legs around my waist. Then I thrust my member into her. She was surprisingly tight and it wasn´t surprising when she gasped in pain. Then I started moving in her. She buried her face in my shoulder and one of her hands was cramped in my hair while the other one was wrapped around my torso. My thrusts were quite slow but powerful and they went deeper each time until I was fully inside her. She softly bights my into the skin of my shoulder to quite down but she still cried and moaned at the same time. Her body was unable to move under me. I continued pushing into her and she got louder and louder. At some point Hazel woke up and watched as I continued to push into the girl. Finally Piper screamed as she climaxed. Her body flexed under me trying to arch up but was unable to and the walls of her Virgina clenched around my manhood letting me growl.. "Kiss her Hazel." I barked at the girl. She captured the girls lips. After two minutes Pipers body went limp. By now Annabeth was awake to. She also looked nervous. Piper maybe finished but I wasn´t. Ones her body went fully limp I started thrusting into her again. Her body was worn out and she was exhausted so she barely reacted to me as I picked up pace. "Move closer to her." I order Hazel and Annaeth who did as I told them (or in Annabeth´s case stayed were they were because she couldn´t move) at ones not wanting to get the same treatment that Piper did tonight. Finally I reached my climax. My seeds filled the girl up before I could pull out. The rest of the large load fell on Annabeth´s, Hazel´s and Piper´s faces and chests." "Hazel and Annabeth both yelped in surprise. Then I climbed of the exhausted girl. Her body was drenched in her and my sweat and I couldn´t help but grin being very pleased with myself. "You know Hazel. You are the only one who wasn´t finished of tonight. I think it will be your turn tomorrow." The girl gulps. I lay down. To my huge surprise Annabeth cuddled up a bit closer against my side. Hazel lies down on the other side and I pull Pipers used body on mine and I softly stroked her back. Then I fall asleep fully at piece with the world. Why wouldn´t I be. Three attractive girls were cuddling up against me. Okay. I hope this is worth any shit. I hate it when the girls are submissive are totally dependent in the other stories. Almost all lemons on this sight are written very bad and show girls in a diminishing point of view. They are week and needy in the lemons. p.s. obviously most of the author´s have no Idea how painful first time sex for a girl is. A friend of mine was sore for day´s after her first time and her boyfriend was as tender and careful as possible, actually the first few times are unpleasant and even if girls have a cultural disadvantage in this story they will have interesting personalities with their problems and strengths. They will be normal being in the shadow of their time. If any girl´s want to give me input if my characters are more realistic in the way they act or if they have any Ideas then pm me. If possible at my other account (henrie locker) Henrie Locker over and out.