speaks or sends pictures of herself in her letters. For her this is about the adventure, but I imagine that you must simply want her whole. She is brilliant and stunning and happy and lucid and in awe and whimsical and dreamy, in case you were wondering- though I imagine that you knew that. The pictures I've attached here are from Tanzania, an Eastern African country, where Lacy's smiles have never been broader. We have one last week in Africa before we head back to Europe, and then I promise to bring her home to you. Yours sincerely, Robert G. Greene, Project Coordinator That letter kind of shocked Nyssa, in a way. Was she really that obvious..? Were they that..? And Lacy? What? How could some middle-aged magazine editor notice what Nyssa had hidden from Lacy, herself and all of Camp freaking Half-Blood for years and years? Unless… Oh no. She knocked on the door of Cabin 10 and waited to be invited in. By a stroke of luck, Drew was the only one in the cabin, resting a broken angle. "What do you want?" Drew asked. "Lacy's probably in Tibet or something right now." "Actually she's somewhere in Africa," Nyssa said. "And I had a question for you. You're Japanese right?" "Yes," Drew said. "And if you ask me for a sushi place recommendation, I'm going to punch you in the throat no matter how much Lacy cares." "No!" Nyssa said. "No, I wasn't going to do that. I was just wondering if you could read Japanese too." "I can," Drew said. "Why?" Nyssa showed her the picture of Lacy holding her pink-paper wish, quickly gave a context, and Drew looked if over for a second. "And?" "Give me time to breathe, translation's a bitch," Drew huffed. She cocked her head to the side. "Interesting." "What?" Nyssa asked. "Lacy wished for 'her arms to go home to'," Drew said. "I'll assume that you know what that means." "I- she wished for… no! No, I don't!" Nyssa said, her heart beating. "Children of Hephaestus," Drew said shaking her head. "My sisters need to stop falling for them. It's like I give the same speech daily. Listen shortstack, Lacy's never had a really solid home until she came to Camp Half-Blood." "I knew that," Nyssa said. "Right," Drew said. "Of course you did. But Lacy isn't used to being able to go back home. Do you know how much of a mess she was when she got to Camp? She kept all her things in her backpack as if she'd take off running anytime, basically guarded her plate at meals, wouldn't look anyone in the eye… And now she left Camp for six months. That's huge for her. Do you know how scares she must be that it'll all be gone when she comes back?" "She must be terrified," Nyssa said. "But I knew that. I was always with her before she left." "Exactly," Drew said. "Which brings us to our main point. She doesn't actually care about camp. She cares about you. It's you that she wants." "But…" Nyssa stuttered. "No! That's not how it works! I'm the one who's hopelessly in love, not her!" "Well it's nice to hear you admit it after all these months of seeing you sulk. And here's an idea, from someone who lives with Lacy... Maybe you're both hopeless," Drew suggested. "Whatever. Remind me, when does Lacy's plane touch down in New York again? September eight or-" "The seventh," Nyssa said. "It's a Friday." "Brilliant," Drew said. "You have two weeks to pull it together and figure out what you're going to do. Good luck!" "Argus, what time is it?" Nyssa asked. Argus looked at her and one of the eyes that Nyssa could see exposed arched its eyebrow. "I know, I know," Nyssa said. "Okay, I'll stop asking every ten seconds." Argus nodded his head and crossed his hands again, looking at the airport's escalator. Lacy's plane had landed on time from Peru at 10:45 PM and it was not 10:50 PM. Nyssa could barely stand still. She knew, just knew, that Lacy would come off the plane soon. She wondered if she'd be wearing the same green coat and hiking shoes that she'd worn at the airport when Nyssa had been there to see her go. She wondered if Lacy had gotten bored on her hair and braided her hair a thousand times to kill time. She wondered if she would still be wearing her purple eyeliner, or if she'd run out during her trip. Maybe a new kind of purple eyeliner that was only sold in Bolivia? But mostly, Nyssa couldn't wait to see Lacy again for the first time in oh gods there was Lacy. Nyssa was temped to take off and run up the escalator to grab Lacy in her arms. However Lacy spotted her and smiled and Nyssa was so stunned that she was struck in place for the minute it took Lacy to touch down on solid ground. She was wearing her green coat and her hair was loose around her face and no she wasn't wearing eyeliner but her camera bag was slung across her shoulder and her smile... Nyssa had thought she'd missed Lacy like crazy, but her hug was like a death grip. And Lacy's was even stronger, if that was possible. "I missed you," Nyssa said. She thought she might cry and she rubbed at her eyes and smiled and laughed because Lacy was also smiling and laughing and looking at Nyssa with damp eyes. "I've come to a very important conclusion about the world," Lacy said. "I love it. And because I've stepped where others have stepped, I know for sure that it's a beautiful and brilliant place where I can be free and shameless and happy. But I also know that my favourite place across this entire planet is by your side." Nyssa kissed her in the middle of the airport.