"_Tartarus is still out of bound, Hel." Reminded me my Dad. I quietly shrugged. "_he still needs Bianca." "_and the world still needs Hel." He reminded me, rather sharply. I dismissively dropped my shoulders again. What kind of world would it be, that it should need a fake like me? Mum followed quietly in my footsteps, silently walking beside me out of the suffocating room and into the coldness of the halls. "_how are you?" Her voice was so soft I wouldn't have heard it had it not been for her hand on my shoulder. I threw a smile over my shoulder, glad I could still pretend everything was fine after today. "_much better, thanks. Crying did help." Her dark orbs told me she wasn't fooled, but mum had enough tact to let it go. We walked silently side by side for a while again, her hand brushing against mine from time to time as we entered her orchards and silently meandered through her gardens. "_he is still young, and so are you. One day, everything will make sense again –and you will be able to move from the past." I knew she was making a reference to Dad and his brothers, but the bitterness didn't disappear. "_he still lost them." "_he did. But he found something else instead. He found you and Nico, and Bianca and Hazel. He found you –and you make him happy." "_and you." "_and me." she conceded with a smile. "but I came after. After you healed his heart and showed him he could love again. I came after the darkness passed, and all I do is keep the darkness at bay. You fought the darkness, Hel. You, Nico, Bianca, Hazel… you fought the darkness and saved your Dad." My arms came to curl around me, as if I were cold. I hunched over, protecting my core from her words. They were a fire, a spark created to melt the ice which encased me. It rang through my head, shouting as a small hurricane the words of a light which would chase my own darkness away. I squeezed a little bit harder, and imagined. I imagined strong, toned olive arms wrapping around me, a warm body nearing me from behind as I gently relaxed into it. I imagined graceful hands with long fingers tangling with mine, resting on my stomach and a chin –pointy and bony though delicate and graceful –slipping on my shoulder. A slightly cold nose nuzzling my cheek, letting the warmth slowly slither from my skin into his. I imagined –and the cold hurled over me. I was alone. There were no arms, no chin, no nose. Only the cold flow of the Cocytus, the quiet presence of souls nearby. There was nothing but the darkness of the Underworld and the soothing light from the Phlegethon, far, far away into Tartarus. The urge to go there over took me again, as I let my eyes wonder over the tortured landscapes and broken earth. Everything was charred, branches of charcoal black rising to the darkened heavens in a plea of forgiveness. The earth was beaten by the hot winds of the Pit, scorching over the dust and raising silent shadows of blackened sand with every whirl. It was landscape of desolation and despair, one of dark agony and endless suffering. It made me ache for the burning of the sand, forced my eyes to look into the abyss and see the life of Tartarus calling out to me. It was indeed more alive than I would ever be. As silently as the vision of endless despair had arrived, the comforting hand of my mother on my shoulder brought me back to the present. "_life does not end when paths part –a new chapter merely begins." That day was the day I decided to let you go. . The first step was that night. You had awoken to your room in the underworld and to the quiet presence of our Dad, immediately embarrassed by your behaviour in the previous hours. You were sitting with Dad, cross legged and dressed, when mum and I entered the room once again. The two of you were discussing of things without importance, quietly bonding as a father and son only could. Mum's hand on my shoulder squeezed reassuringly as I smiled softly at the quiet contentment on your tired face. The pain was still there, a shadow in your eyes, but there was something lurking in the darkness –a spark which would not go out. Your chocolate eyes widened when you saw me, as you rose from the bed. "_Hel! I am.. uh. Sorry for yesterday. That was mean and –" "_it's okay, Nico." I smiled softly, resisting the urge to tell you it was nothing I hadn't heard before. "you were distraught and lost. It's fine." "_no it's not!" you counter argued, ready to apologize again but I stopped you. I quietly hugged the man you had become, hiding my face in your shoulder as mum came up behind us and engulfed the whole of us in a big hug which Dad joined soon after. That night, when you called me your sister once more, I didn't correct you, Nico. I simply smiled and tousled your hair. It was a first step towards letting go, a baby step towards being Hel again –but I had been Bianca for far too long. As you called me your sister again, a little bit of my pain went away. And who knew. Maybe, in a distant future, you would learn to love me for Hel, and not Bianca. But for the moment, I was content to recline in my bed and look on as the drama unfolded. P.S.: I placed my bet on a Nico x Percy x Annabeth threesome after a little chat with the distraught girl. (Who knew Daughters of Athena were so open minded?) So erm… I have a good tenner on there, Nico –don't forget that!