me sleep on your lap." "That was a little weird." "You enjoyed it." "What, your nose being inches away from my crotch? Yes, that was thrilling." Percy laughs a little. Another bus goes by. It's not theirs. "Hey, Beth?" Percy asks suddenly. "Hm?" "Can I tell you something?" Intrigued, Annabeth puts down her spoon. "Of course." He leans close to her. She can feel his breath on her neck and involuntarily goosebumps break out across her shoulders. "My mom didn't actually ask me about a partner," he whispers. "I just wanted you to pose as my girlfriend for a laugh." Two beats pass. And then: "Oh my God, you turd ." Percy cracks up laughing. "No, don't laugh!" Annabeth flaps. She's not really angry, more surprised, but that doesn't stop her surprise in the slightest. "You didn't do this for your mom? You could have just gone stag but instead you decided to torment me and get me as your date ?" He laughs even harder. "I had thought your story was a phoney!" she continues loudly. Percy's laughing too hard to shush her properly. "No, stop, I had genuinely thought, wow, he's going to an awful lot of effort for his mom, and what do you know I was right !" "Your – face," Percy wheezes. "Was that whole stunt with your dad a scam too?" "No, that was real," Percy says, wiping the tears from his eyes. "Oh man, you crack me up." "I can't believe you." "I thought it was funny." "You liked me from the start?" "Well, not really. At first it was just to aggravate you, like a prank. I was going to tell you at the wedding and watch you get peeved in front of all the guests, and hopefully you'd do something massively dramatic like throw a drink at me or storm out, but then– I dunno." "You realised you had a massive crush on you, right." "I didn't realise, I developed it." "Right there at the wedding." "Yes." "You never felt an inkling of attraction before that." "Not one bit." "I call bluff." "Say what you will, it's still true." "You never even thought I was pretty?" "Oh, of course I did," Percy says. "But that's not a crush." "That's still attraction." "In that case I can argue you were also attracted to me." "That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard." "You're not very subtle, Annabeth. I see you stare at me during swim practice." Annabeth blinks, trying to ignore the way her cheeks heat up. "That's– entirely different." "Oh?" Percy looks far too amused. Annabeth crossly shoves ice cream in her mouth. "How?" "Well, you're an attractive guy. You have a kind-of six pack and you walk around in, like, tight underwear, you can't expect me not to stare. It's kind of, like. Staring at road kill, you know. Because it's interesting. That doesn't mean I'm attracted to road kill." Percy bursts out laughing. "That's so stupid." "It's true." Percy gives her a sparkly side-look that makes her heart flutter, and suddenly Annabeth has never been so pleased to agree to a date. It's so awkward, yet it's not , because this is happening . Annabeth is being asked out by her worst enemy (or ex-worst enemy, she supposes) and they're going to go on a date together. It might go well. It probably will. And maybe they'll become boyfriend and girlfriend, for real this time, and Annabeth will go as Percy's date to all the weddings and he'll properly meet her dad, and Thalia and Piper will be shocked and tease her until the end of days and maybe early-morning calls will become a thing, and maybe they'll still make fun of each other but they'll also get to do other cool things like hold hands and kiss and they'll go on lots more dates together because that's what boyfriend and girlfriend do. It's by the far the most unexpected outcome she could have hoped for, but she wouldn't wish for anything else in the world. Their bus pulls up. Percy and Annabeth clamber on, carrying their tub of ice cream (the driver gives them an extremely judgmental look which Annabeth wisely chooses to ignore) and they sit next to each other. It's empty aside from them and Annabeth feels giddy and drunk off of both night and the boy next to her. Ten minutes into the ride, Percy reaches for her hand. She lets him, and they both don't let go until they have to get off. Percy has still got two stops until his house, but he gets off with Annabeth and walks her to her door. It's not a date so they don't kiss (also Annabeth is quite sure her dad is creeping behind the curtains) but Percy squeezes her hand as he steps off the porch. Annabeth takes the now-empty ice cream tub and scrunches it up in her hand, ready to throw it in the bin when she steps inside. Everything feels static, electric. The moment feels balanced on a wire. Percy has always been the one to walk the tightrope first, always ready to take a risk, to grab the bull by the horns and wrestle it into the ground. Annabeth has always hated that. The impulsiveness and recklessness got on her nerves. But today, she watches the sky twinkle and takes on tentative step towards him on the line. "Hey, Percy?" she says. He turns. "Yeah?" She leans against the doorframe and smiles a little. "I hate you." Percy pauses, and for a long time Annabeth is terrified he took it seriously. But then a smile stretches across his face. "I hate you too, Beth." She's not in love. Not yet. But she thinks she will be soon. She watches him walk down the road until she can't see him any more. i hope you enjoyed that my friends! please tell me what you thought and i love you my beans xxx