had been pulled up all the way… "Is that your horse, daddy?" Maggie asked bright-eyed. "It's not quite a horse, it's a Pegasus," Percy said. "A horse with wings." Maggie double checked. "I don't see the wings." Typical. Good thing she's a cute kid, boss. "You don't have to see them just yet for them to be real, Freckles," Percy said. "This here is Blackjack, and he's my friend." "Do you go on adventures with him?" Maggie asked. "Oh, tons," Percy said. "Like the one to find Mommy under the sky?" Maggie asked. "Or the one where you went to fight giants with Uncle Jason and Aunt Piper and Aunt Hazel and Uncle Frank and all them? Was he there when you and Uncle Tyson saved Uncle Grover from getting married?" "Yes, sort of, and not quite," Percy said. "Let's just say that Blackjack and I went on a lot of adventures. Do you want to go on one tonight?" Maggie nodded fervently, and so Percy picked her up and sat her down against Blackjack. Though he usually preferred to ride bareback, it was safer with a saddle so he'd asked Blackjack to get Cabin Three's head counselor to put one on him before he came. He passed rope weaved with celestial bronze strands through the saddle's hoops and around Maggie's waist like a makeshift seat belt and sat behind her, holding her tight. "Go ahead Blackjack," Percy said. And the Pegasus took off, Maggie ooh and aahing the entire time. The sight of New York was impressive enough from the air as well. The snow made it romantic and pretty. The Christmas lights shining through all that? Priceless. Absolutely priceless. The view was stunning and Maggie loved it. Percy whispered in her ear, pointing out landmarks and places she knew and places she'd been. ("That's my school, Daddy? Yuck I don't want to see it! Christmas is tomorrow! Hi Grandma! Hi Grandpa! Do you think they can see me daddy?") They landed in Central Park and Maggie absolutely hated the landing compared to the rest of their flight. She held onto Percy and shut her eyes, and Percy kissed her hair and told her when it was safe to open her eyes. Percy unraveled his makeshift safety belt from Maggie's waist, Blackjack trotted around Central Park for a while as Maggie chattered on about everything and nothing and asked Percy the most random questions like what the difference between a taco and a burrito was and how an enchilada fit into the picture. She got quiet when they passed the Shakespeare gardens. July 22 nd , when they'd had to tell Maggie that she was going to lose her mom. "Daddy?" Maggie asked. "Yeah?" Percy said. "I love my calendar, I really do," Maggie said. "But is it bad that I miss Mommy still?" "I love you a lot," Percy said. "And I miss her too. Even when I try not to think about it. So I think it is, Maggie." "I thought it stopped but it starts again all the time," Maggie said. "Is that normal?" "I think we'll always miss the people who have to leave us," Percy said. "That's normal, right? If you love someone a lot when they're with you, you have to love them after too." Maggie nodded. "I'm sorry Daddy. I had lots of fun watching the Nutcracker and making cookies and watching The Polar Express." "You don't have to be sorry, Freckles. This year, the point wasn't for Christmas to be not sad. I know I just wanted it to be happy too. Are you happy, Maggie? You can be honest." "I think I am," Maggie said. "I was when we were touching the stars and the snowflakes in the sky." Percy kissed her hair. "That's all we can do, Freckles." "Daddy, are you happy?" Maggie asked. "Usually," Percy said. "Always when I'm with you." It was quiet for a moment, and Percy watched the snowflakes drift from their clouds to the crisp white landscape, pierced only by trees and Blackjack's hoof prints, the rest of the day's activities washed away by the most recent snowfall. He wondered if every snowflake was unique, or if some of them looked alike. He wondered if anyone had ever thought to check or if everyone just liked to believe that snowflakes were all different. One thing was for sure; he knew that this moment with Maggie -this perfect, snowy, honest and genuine moment with his one and only daughter- was unique. And he wouldn't trade it in for the world. He'd seen how quickly and cruelly things could change, and also how fast Maggie grew. It helped him let go a bit; knowing that nothing was meant to last anyways. "Daddy can you be honest with me too?" Maggie asked. "Yes," he agreed. "Is Santa Clause real?" Maggie asked. Percy froze. "Don't you think that you're asking a lot of big questions for just one day?" Percy asked. He kissed her hair. "Hold onto that one. How about we go home and leave him cookies, to see if he eats them tonight. And maybe there'll be Christmas Eve pyjamas waiting for you…" Maggie smiled. On their way back home she decided to be honest with him too and she confessed: "Daddy, you know how I hid the Pickle really well and you haven't moved it?" "Yes," Percy said. "It's because I ate it." He should have known, damn it. "Daddy?" Maggie whispered after Percy clicked off her lamp, just as he tucked her in. "Yes Freckles?" Percy said. "Even if Santa Clause isn't real, you did such a good job that I don't think it matters," Maggie said. "This is the best Christmas ever." Percy opened his mouth and then closed it again, not sure what to reply. Not sure if there was something you could reply to that… "It's not even Christmas day yet," Percy said. "I know," Maggie said. "But I can tell."