one person can find… anyways, camp's got plenty of those. Katie has hers. I have mine…" Lou Ellen didn't dare to believe that that's where they were going. But Miranda brushed aside a low-hanging branch and sure enough, they walked into a garden that would be destroyed if other campers could walk in at their whim. It was full of what looked to Lou Ellen like outdoor doll houses. Wheelbarrows, pots, a bird bath and even tea cups displayed on a little table had all been filled with dirt and all kinds of tiny plants and moss types. But the real impressive part was the tiny furniture. There were swing-sets and ladders and fences made out of twigs and string, toadstools made out of clay and toothpicks, wire and bead wind chimes, wells and houses made with rocks and twigs, popsicle stick doors, twigs out of bent wire, tire swings made out of toy wheels, stepping stone paths made with river stones, clotheslines holding up doll clothing… the variety was amazing. "Miranda, what's all this?" Lou said. "These are fairy gardens," Miranda said. "Remember how I had to start wearing shoes after my family sold the farm to the government? Well, we moved into the city and I had major issues with the cement and the urban everything. So my father used to make these with me all the time when I was little. He said it was to 'keep my thumbs green'. He told me that it was a safe haven for fairies, a kind of hostel. Every year I asked him if fairies were real and every year he said yes, so every year I believed in magic." Miranda shrugged. "You ask me why I believe in magic so hard, well here you are," she said showing all her tiny gardens. "I just wanted to show you my kind of magic, or at least how close to them I can get." The fact that Miranda hid these away made Lou Ellen realise that she didn't show these to just anyone, and that to Miranda Lou was special. "Thank you," she said. "These are beautiful and adorable." She smiled. "You're welcome. But I didn't show you this just because they're cool. I wanted to show you these because… Okay, how do I explain this…" She took a deep breath. "Katie and I were talking, and we have a theory. I think that you think that I only hang out with you because of your magic." Lou Ellen's blood froze in her veins. "Is it true at all?" Miranda asked. Lou Ellen didn't know what to answer at first. "That's how it was when I was little. To the kids at school I was a puzzle. I sat at the popular kids' table on the bench that acted as a curio cabinet. That's how it was in Kronos' Army. We were exhausted, the children of Hecate. Tested and tried until we either died, blew up or went AWOL. It's just what I'm used to. And you get this look on your face, every time I pull a coin from your ear or show you the card you touched in a pack. You love magic. You love having your breath stolen from you and you like feeling wondrous about the world. And it breaks my heart a little, Miranda. It breaks my heart a lot that I'm only an obscure science or an aura reader." "Lou Ellen, I don't like your magic. I think that you're magic." Miranda said. "I think you're incredible and breath-taking and enigmatic and wonderful and interesting and unique- so, so unique." Lou Ellen nearly wanted to shake your head. "You're just always doing magic, Lou," Miranda said. "As your safety blanket. As a way to get rid of spare energy. Talking magic was a way that I could make you talk to me and open up. I'm not surprised that you can't see the difference, but I can. There's Lou, and then there's Lou's magic. I love them both, but I wanted to show you these gardens to prove to you that I don't look for you around camp or make faces at you during camp fires because of the magic. I have my own source of magic, since I was little. I do it because you're Lou Ellen." Lou didn't answer. "You're not convinced," Miranda said. "No," Lou Ellen admitted freely. "What do I have to do to convince you?" Miranda asked. That's when Lou read her aura. See, the thing about auras was that if someone's aura changed subtly, and you saw them every day, you didn't register the change. It was like putting a frog in a pot of water over a stove top and cranking the temperature up a bit at a time. The frog didn't notice the temperature until it was dead. Lou saw a red tint around Miranda's aura, but not the angry red one. Nothing mean or negative like anger. Something soft. Something good. She grabbed the daughter of Demeter by the back of her head and smashed her lips to her. Surprised at first, Miranda tensed, but then she kissed back. Her lips parted a little bit and her hands too flew up to Lou Ellen's hands. Her energy too became soft and giddy at once. Her fingers too knotted in Lou's hair as if she never wanted to let go. When they did, they both panted, looking at each other. "Okay, I'm convinced," Lou said. "Oh good," Miranda said. "Because I wasn't going to go long without doing that again." She pulled Lou Ellen back to her. Upcoming ship weeks August 10 - 16 - Free slash week 17 - 23 - Free friendship week 24 - 30 - Chris and Clarisse 31 - 06 - Jason and Reyna September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 4 - Percy and Annabeth