you'd like it." Lacy smiled. "Nyssa, I adore it," she said. "And you want me to keep it?" "Yeah," Nyssa said. "Blessings of the gods and stuff. That can't ever be bad." Lacy smiled. "Help me put it on?" She asked. Nyssa nodded and took the box back and she lifted her hair up. Nyssa was a workhorse right now. Adrenaline and grief kept her up, as she produced more arrows and extra spears and swords in a day than Lacy had seen her make in days. Greek fire was brewed, complex bombs were hooked up, chariots were oiled… The Hephaestus Cabin, all four of them, were preparing for war. Four demigods –one of them barely nine years old- were working at the speed of a factory. "Nyssa," Lacy said quietly. "I'm busy," she said as she poked at some wires and metal pieces with a pair of tweezers. "Nyssa," Lacy said again. " I'm busy," Nyssa snapped. "No, you're tired and things are dark and you need to rest or no amount of bombs will get you through the battle," Lacy snapped back. Nyssa looked surprised at first, about the bit about Lacy snapping, but then she looked defeated. "Come on," Lacy said reaching out to take Nyssa's hands. "I'll come tuck you in." Nyssa may know how to make beautiful things, but Lacy knew how to keep them beautiful- or at least from getting ugly. A little bit of good old fashioned TLC. The Plaza Hotel had been, during a late night cabin-wide discussion, agreed to be in the Top Ten list of wedding destinations. Never would Lacy have thought that she'd have been there in the middle of the war. More particularly, to get her arm put in a cast. And for Will Solace to have a look at her jaw. She'd been thrown off a dracanae she'd been straddling and stabbing (it had been terrifying to feel that angry and strong) by a Hyperborean, and Lacy had landed on the face, with her arm placed all wrong. It was broken and her jaw was most definitely fractured, Will said. He couldn't do much for now –he kept talking about surgery and braces and things like that later on- but for now he'd immobilised Lacy's jaw and put a healing spell on her so that the piece of her gums that had cracked would stay put and none of the loose teeth would fall out. She'd spit out three since her accident and had chipped two. Silena had been horrified when she'd been consoling Lacy, but she'd run off to help Annabeth Chase now. Lacu felt lonely. Her mouth hurt, her face felt disgusting because she'd been crying when they'd brought her in, and the fact that Will hadn't been able to do anything right away scared her. She didn't see Mitchell or any of her brothers and sisters. The Hephaestus kids weren't back from the battlefield yet, and Lacy doubted that they'd stop fixing things and taking care of the raging automatons anytime soon. The Hunters of Artemis were all there and Lacy remembered hearing that Thalia Grace was nice, but she was too anxious at the moment to risk approaching new people. She saw Laurel from Cabin 7, but she was overworked with all the injuries to do more than wave at Lacy and give her an exhausted wave. She couldn't much on the Demeter kids' buffet because of how much her mouth hurt, and she could barely talk to anyone for the same reason. Someone sat down next to her and wrapped an arm around her. She sat at Lacy's right, on the side opposite her injury. All of a sudden she was super self-conscious. She felt awkward with the gauze and the icepack against the side of her face, the cotton stuffing her cheek, and probably a black eye settling in and a bulky cast weighing down her arm. "I've been looking for you really hard," Nyssa said softly. "Really hard?" Lacy asked. "Yes," Nyssa said. "I've been all over the place." "Why?" "You're the one who told me to seek out beautiful things when things were bad." Lacy's stomach fluttered and then she came to a screeching halt. She could easily have landed in any other way and split her head open and bled out on a random street in Manhattan, her siblings too busy holding the lines to take care of her. She could have been projected through the glass windows of the perfume shop and have shrapnel through her eyes and mouth and scalp. She could easily have broken a leg instead of an arm and have been picked up by some kind of scavenger monster looking leftovers. She could easily have died in a thousand other ways. Lacy was lucky to be alive and if alive meant being called beautiful by a beautiful girl in a middle of a war, then damn it, she was going to be alive for real. "If my mouth were in better shape I'd kiss you," she bravely managed to spit out. Nyssa pecked her good cheek. The best first kiss that Lacy could have imagined. "There. That should keep me together until you're better," Nyssa said. She pushed a piece of hair out of Lacy's face and smiled crookedly. Lacy smiled back as widely as she could, but it wasn't as bright as she'd like it to be thanks to her mouthful of cotton and the icepack and the medical tape and, and, and... "Beautiful," she declared. And Lacy trusted her on it. She was the expert. Upcoming ship weeks August 10 - 16 - Free slash week (author's pick of a same-sex story) 17 - 23 - Free friendship week 24 - 30 - Chris and Clarisse 31 - 06 - Jason and Reyna September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 4 - Percy and Annabeth