wanted. And though that should have made asking him out easier, it suddenly gave Malcolm the chills. And so the reason that prototype seven failed? Malcolm was a chicken. Successful Patent When Gaia's army retreated under the white flag that one of their undead generals produced, Malcolm felt like lying down on the battlefield and taking a nap. But he kept moving, finding all the Athena campers he could and taking a toll and accounting for everybody- which included two deaths, John and Anastasia. He kept moving. He had to get back to the tent where the other cabin counselors and centurions would be planning while their second-in-commands took care of the rest. The first battle had been rough. Gaia may have been the one to retreat, but that was only because of the lethal canons that Leo Valdez had managed to supply them with. The losses had been more heavy on their sides, and if a white flag hadn't been produced that moment… Malcolm kept walking. He'd lost a grieve sometime during the combat, probably after the lines had folded and it'd become a free-for-all. His thoughts were spinning- okay, the canons had come out. How much Greek fire had been used? How were the seven progressing, fighting the bigger giants in Greece? Had the Romans exhausted their supply of ballista ammunition? Were their losses too great for their formations to be as effective? He was mostly centered on his own thoughts, but as he kept walking he registered some things. A tiny eleven year old's body being picked off the battlefield- Tessa, she wasn't even claimed. She'd showed up at camp yesterday and hadn't even been supposed to be here. She must have sneaked into one of the vans or climbed a Pegasus... A tiny holographic icon of Aegis, the shield, appeared over Tessa's cracked skull. A lesser known symbol of Athena- but not of Athena, goddess of wisdom. Athena, goddess of heroism. Malcolm pretended he hadn't seen that and kept walking. The injured everywhere, some dragging themselves to the first aid tents when they couldn't walk and others laying there, incapable of anything until the medics got down to them, in order of priority. Katie Gardner, whose wrist was broken, was going to them with a water bottle. Broken weapons littered the fields. Demigods were flocking to the first aid and cafeteria tents, some of them supporting injured friends or bringing bodies with them. Mitchell was walking back towards the battlefield, probably to pick up more people. Malcolm offered a weak smile and Mitchell returned it. He spotted the brightness of that smile from twenty feet away. Then out of nowhere a heavy, whistling sound broke through the air and everyone looked up. "COVER YOURSELVES!" Malcolm yelled as some other counselors and half-bloods also yelled to get down. Soaring across the sky and breaking the white flag's most sacred meaning as demigods wandered around exhausted and injured and unarmed, came something that looked like a rocket blaster. But when it landed, Malcolm's legs collapsed under him and he didn't have time to make sure that the ones around him were covered. There was a blast like a bomb and a plume of smoke rose from where the bomb landed. Right next to Mitchell. "No!" Malcolm said leaping up to his feet. He didn't worry about chemical exposure or an aftershock, he just ran blindly towards Mitchell. Luckily the aim of the bomb had been off so there wasn't anybody else laying on the ground with their limbs at awkward angles and their eyes closed but Mitchell was. "No, no, no," Malcolm said falling to his knees and sticking his fingers on Mitchell's neck for a pulse. He carefully moved Mitchell so that his head would be on his knees. "No, no, no," he said. "Mitchell. Mitchell, open your eyes. Mitchell, wake up." Then he got angry. "Listen to me you idiot," Malcolm said. "Your skinny little ass can't die on me now. You have to hug Piper senseless when she gets back from Europe, and you have to stay alive until the second Avengers movie comes out because they say that Scarlett Johansson is pregnant in it and you love looking for stupid continuity errors or signs like that. And you have to finish that stupid book with the asinine sounding plot that you were reading and you have to get that degree in literature that you wanted and you have to stay alive until the next Christmas party to prove to me that you don't get drunk every time and for the love of all things good I haven't even had the courage to ask you out yet so wake up you idiot!" He calmed himself down. Mitchell most likely couldn't hear him. He sounded like an idiot. He had to calm down. He had to get a medic or a shroud and figure out which one he needed. He had to calm down. He couldn't calm down. He had to start CPR or something… Then out of nowhere Mitchell groaned. "There better be flowers on this date you're suggesting, here." Once Malcolm had stopped hugging Mitchell with potentially rib-snapping strength and gotten him to a medic who then assured him that Mitchell would be fine as long as Gaia didn't take over the world and he let the children of Apollo do their things, Malcolm realised the absurdity of the situation. The one time he actually asked a guy out, it was by accident. He figured that that was okay. Penicillin was an accident too, and look how well that turned out. August 10 - 16 - Free slash week (author's pick of a same-sex story) 17 - 23 - Free friendship week 24 - 30 - Chris and Clarisse 31 - 06 - Jason and Reyna September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 4 - Percy and Annabeth