"It's been three months and whenever I see something funny, I still think I need to tell Percy on Tuesday, when I meet him after his swim practice and we go eat Chinese food. Or when my friends open up a bag of candy to study, I still pick out the blue ones and put them aside for him. And I still try to decide if I need to do laundry by wondering if I have any clean jeans to wear on date night. I keep adding movies and shows to the list of things we need to watch on the back of my chemistry notebook even if we don't check it anymore. I… I can't really believe he's not going to come back, just one day out of the blue and apologize and let me call him Seaweed Brain and smack his arm. I can't make myself operate as if he's not around. It's like Hera took him, but he's still here. I can't... I bought him a birthday present already, and he hasn't even opened his Christmas present yet. It's still under my bunk at camp. That's ridiculous. I can't just be without him, even if he's away, and I don't know what's wrong with me." "Sweetheart, that's okay," Sally said. She laughed under her breath, but not in a teasing way. It was warm and uplifting and Annabeth sat up and looked at Sally, brow furrowed. Sally pushed a curl back behind Annabeth's right ear. "Did Percy tell you about Gabe?" Annabeth was startled at how casually she mentioned it. "Yes," she said mechanically. "A bit. Not the details, but…" "He mentioned how he hit me?" Sally said. "Among some other things." Annabeth nodded. Sally nodded back and pushed some curls back, behind her left ear this time. "When I met Paul, I was terrified," Sally said. "I had all this hurt that I was still processing, and that maybe I'll work on for the rest of my life. I don't know. And at the same time I had all this excitement and all these questions and all this energy. All I wanted to do was listen to his stories and tell him mine, go out for coffee, hold his hand, exchange novels and read the Post-Its that he always leaves in his books, fall asleep on the phone… I thought I was an idiot. Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me- you know that saying. It was overwhelming, falling in love. I was a bit of a mess. But that's okay. That's what love is, when you've been hurt before. It feels like too much, too big, too soon, too good. But it's not. Love is always like that. It's all-consuming." Annabeth didn't know what to reply. The word love rung in her ears until it developed its own heartbeat, somewhere in the back of Annabeth's head, and thumped away. "And Percy is good to you," Sally said. "Do you remember that B- he got on his biology test? Before I could even congratulate him he said 'I have to tell Annabeth'. When he came back from his Father's place with that red coral, he asked me about a dozen times if it was nice enough to give to you, and if I thought you'd like it. He wore proper shoes on your one month anniversary. He goes to museums with you. Do you know his track record with museums? It's not good, but he goes in them willingly, for you and to be with you. He loves you so much, even if he hasn't told you yet -and that's between you two, but… Well, he's not very good at keeping secrets, our Percy." Annabeth smiled at that. "We ran into my mother when he came with me to drop off blueprints for Olympus. Maybe a month after we started dating. You should have seen his face. He jumped back at least four feet and stayed there until she was gone." Sally laughed. "You know how awful Paul's family is?" Sally asked. "I heard," Annabeth said. "Well, last time Paul couldn't get off the hook for a Sunday brunch, he was bragging about you," Sally said. "He really does think you make him better. Paul's mother was still unimpressed, but that's a her problem, not a you problem." Annabeth laughed. Sally squeezed her hands. "You don't have to be scared of this," Sally said. "This is normal." "It feels so big," Annabeth said. "Maybe it is," Sally said. "Or maybe it's simple. Maybe you're best friends and have been for a while, now." "We're supposed to be young," Annabeth said. "It's not about age," Sally said. "You're allowed to be in love, Annabeth. It's okay for it to feel destabilizing and big and difficult." "I wish it weren't," Annabeth said. "That's a whole other story," Sally said. "And welcome to the club." "Does that club have tea and cookies too?" Annabeth asked. Sally smiled, and this time the lines around her eyes creased the right way. That made Annabeth smile too. It was a simple thing, really, how beautiful and comforting Sally's smile was. Even in the mess that the gods had made, with Percy missing and another storm brewing on their horizon. And Annabeth reconsidered everything, then. If the smile of a mother seperated from her child could be simple, what was difficult? Maybe it was simple, her and Percy together. Maybe he was her first best friend and always would be, and maybe she loved him because there was no other choice. Maybe it was as simple as her heartbeat. No matter how miraculous and complex the human body was, at the end of the day, it wasn't difficult to close her eyes, put her fingers to her neck, and count her heartbeats. The regular muscular contractions, the steady thumps of blood rushing through her veins and keeping her alive... It was easy. One Mississippi. Two Mississippi. Three Mississippi...