One of the girls said nodding towards his smashed-up foot. "Did it hurt when they throw you off Olympus?" Jason's face fell into the kind of expression that didn't look like it could smile. "Umm…" His entire brain short-circuited except for the small part of it that could do nothing useful but run around saying ' I don't want to flirt with this girl I don't want to flirt with anyone I don't I HELP'. Someone wrapped an arm around his waist. "Hey baby," Reyna said in the most uncharacteristic, high-pitched, squeaky voice. "I've been looking for you everywhere. I thought you said this was going to be our night! Oh hello, who's this?" She beamed at the two girls with a look that Jason figured must hurt her, but that the two girls took as a symptom of a fluffy love-struck brain. "We were just talking," the one who'd spoken to Jason said, smiling at Reyna in the way that girls smiled at each other as they prepared to maul each other to death. She elbowed her friend and they turned around, melting back into the dance floor's crowd. " Thank you," Jason said. "So much." Reyna laughed. "Your face was so funny; I nearly let it go on for a few more minutes. But don't worry Grace, I got your back." Bobby, one of the scouts, popped back into the tent. "Jason? Reyna?" They turned around. "Hannibal and I spotted another lightning storm on the North front of the mountain," he said. "We think that another Titan just arrived on the mountain." Jason's limbs stiffened and part of him wanted to just yell out Oh come on! at the sky. He turned towards Reyna. They needed to get a higher officer to check things out, determine what Titan and what kind of force had just been placed on the mountain…. They had to go talk to the cohorts on the mountain's other fronts, watching the other trails, and see what resources they could spare just in case. They needed to reassess the Titans strategy… Reyna looked at him and nodded before pushing her way out of the tent. He heard her bark out orders outside. "Centurions to me," she said. "Peggy- saddle up Scipio. I need four messengers right here stat…" Jason took a deep breath. Reyna was on it. "Thanks Bobby," he said. "Go get Hannibal some water, and stick around base camp. Okay, back to the problem of Krios…" "Aren't you supposed to be on the battle-" "They've retreated," Gwen said kindly. "We're safe for now." Reyna snapped at the medic. "Where is he?" "In the medical tent," the medic scrambled to answer. "How is he?" "Barely conscious," he said. Reyna made a run for the tent and spotted Jason as soon as she walked in. He frowned when he saw her. "They've retreated," Reyna said. "We took down four of their five dragons." "Good," Jason wheezed. He was wrapped in bandages from his chest to his hips, some spots had turned scarlet. Various scrapes on his lips and arms freaked Reyna out. His forehead was pearled with sweat. "Reyna took one down singlehandedly," Gwen said softly. "No," Jason said. "Reyna that's so foolish. Why would you-" He winced and stopped talking. "Mars Almighty, Jason," Reyna said. "Why did you take that hit for me?" She'd spent the last twenty minutes on the battlefield losing her shit. She wasn't sure how many actually constructive orders she'd given, how much she'd actually guided people through the worst battle any of them would have to go through- but she'd killed everything she'd seen. She'd even pierced right through a hydra's heart- the hardest way to kill one. "It was the poison too," a medic said walking by. He stopped and gave Reyna the full analysis and description of Jason's injuries- everything from bruised bones from the landing following the getting-swatted-by-a-dragon, the five pierce wounds in his chest from the dragon's claws, and the poison that had seeped from them too. Once the medic left, she fell to her knees next to Jason's cot and covered her face. "I'm sorry," Reyna said. "How could you do that? How could you put yourself in so much danger now? We have a war to win, you're too valuable to lose." "Stop apologising you idiot," Jason said. "I'd do it again in ten minutes, if need be. And you're more than valuable to me." "Why did you do that?" Reyna said. "Because I saw that dragon swing its paw to swat you away and I thought oh my gods, that could kill someone. And I didn't want it to kill you because, call me selfish here, you're such a big part of my life, you're so full of little touches and little things that keep me safe and happy, and I don't think I could have fought this war or even lived after it without you." "And didn't you think for a second about how I would have managed?" Reyna said before burying her face in his blankets. Jason's fingers found a bit of her hair. "That's the selfish part," he said. "It's because I kind of realised that that was because I probably love you." "Are you high on pain medication?" Reyna asked after a while. "No," Jason said. "Perfect," Reyna said. She leaned down and kissed him. "Survive this war, and we'll see if you get more, Grace." It was the kind of love that loved you and gave you something to love, but the kind of love that kept your world together. Jason wasn't sure if he needed both of those things to still love Reyna, because so far it looked like he always would in a way. He just knew that he didn't want to lose her. Upcoming ship weeks September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 7 - Percy and Annabeth