flying or a beach or something- and you can lower them to project a scene. The way the pieces are put, you can see 17 different scenes depending on the angle of the light and which scenes are propped up." Nyssa whistled. "Ambitious." " Hard." "This is what you've been working on since Tuesday?" She said. Beckendorf nodded. "I'm starting to think it's impossible." "Then put it aside and go back to the drawing board," Nyssa said. "Can't," Beckendorf said. "Silena's birthday is in a week. I've got to keep working." Humility In a stunning turn of events, they were making out behind a cabin after a counselor's meeting that couldn't have been uselessly dragged out more if Clarisse and Michael Yew had tried. Beckendorf pulled away for a second. "You're beautiful." Silena wasn't buying none of that. She was very mushy and gushy as a general rule, but she did not like being interrupted. She pulled him back to her and kissed him even more strongly. His lips wandered to his neck and Silena sighed and wove her fingers in his camp shirt. "Gods," Beckendorf muttered. "I can't believe that a guy like me ended up with a girl like you…" This time Silena pulled away. "What do you mean 'a guy like you' and why do you say it like that? Someone kind? Someone strong? Someone soft? Someone skilled and talented? Someone ingenious? Someone intelligent? Someone loving and loveable? Someone calming? Someone with leadership? Someone honest? Huh?" Silena said with strict eyes. "None of those things deserve anything less than the best because those are all extraordinary qualities, you know . Jesus, Charlie. I'm going to have to unteach you some humility and show you how to boast a bit." "Yes ma'am," Beckendorf said. "Can we wrap it up here though?" Patience "So you take the screwdriver –no don't hold it like that, like that. Move your fingers a bit to the- there you go. Okay. So hold your screwdriver like that and just notch it on the drill piece and… there you go… Other way baby, other way." "How can you tell which one?" Silena asked. Her hair was put up in a hasty bun and she wore a pair of old, slightly scratched, protective goggles. The plan of the day hadn't been for Silena to learn how to use tools, but she'd been sitting with Beckendorf for hours and he figured that she'd started to get bored so… "Righty tighty, leftie loosie." " What?" "It's the saying," Beckendorf said. "To remember that to unscrew something you... never mind. Just turn towards the right." "Okay," Silena said. She was an enthusiastic learner, if not a noobie, overwhelmed and sort-of helpless one. Silena was pretty good at a lot of things. Dealing with difficult people, for example. Taming the horses at camp. Explaining the idea of demigods to new arrivals. Chatting with nymphs when they took loitering campers hostage. Untying knots in girls' hair and braiding even the most unruly hair into beautiful braids. But using tools was not one of them. So Beckendorf was armed with Silena's weapon in most of those aforementioned activities. Patience. "Okay, stop. You don't want it to go completely in if we're going to tie a rope around it, right?" Beckendorf said. "Oh. Right, duh… sorry…" Lots of it. "It's okay, babe. We just won't do power tools today." Kindness At the end of the day, this is what they rested on. Beckendorf being nice enough to give the new daughter of Aphrodite a tour when she was scared of facing her sisters. Silena being kindhearted enough to think of Beckendorf during camp events and pull him into the light and action. Beckendorf bringing her flowers at random times and Silena weaving them into a crown. Silena making Beckendorf's brothers and Nyssa fall in love with her. Beckendorf holding doors for her. Silena saving Beckendorf some of the good snacks when he was late for counsellor meetings. Beckendorf listening through long intense and sometimes hysterical raves and then telling Silena that everything would be okay while rubbing her back and playing with her hair. Silena putting on that popping red lipstick that he liked, kissing a piece of paper and tucking it in his bag when he went to the city or on missions for a few days. Beckendorf forgetting an anniversary and Silena forgiving him. Silena being patient and supportive with her antisocial boyfriend as he stumbled his way through conversations with her family, her friends and sometimes even the ones between the two of them. In the end if something atoned for the sins; it was kindness. And wasn't kindness a kind of basic love? The kind of basic love that you could use as a building block to build anything from a friendship to a long relationships that involved adults falling in love while listening to music a bit more with each passing day and each sip of wine, from dramatic summer flings that burned brightly enough to compensate their short duration and match the sun overlooking it all, to high school sweethearts reuniting. So at the end of the day, it was love that got Silena accepted into Elysium and back to Beckendorf. Even though the judges hadn't paid much attention to that particular factor.. Silena and Beckendorf just seemed to ooze it. They seemed to breathe it and want it and crave it and live in it. Yeah, that was what they did. Living in love. Upcoming Ship Weeks July 27 - 02 - Thalia and Luke August 03 -09 - Free Week (author's pick) 10 - 16 - Free slash week (author's pick of a same-sex story) 17 - 23 - Free friendship week 24 - 30 - Chris and Clarisse 31 - 06 - Jason and Reyna September 07- 13 - Jason and Piper 14 -20 - Frank and Hazel 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 4 - Percy and Annabeth