usual, as if Mom's not trying hard enough for us. Do you know how upset they were when they saw the chocolate bunnies? I know to you it's nothing, but it's a dishonour to our mother. It's a change and I had two of them crying when Leif had to climb up there to get them off, because last time he climbed something it was Zeus' Fist during the Battle of the Labyrinth and he fell off and broke his leg. Did you know that the stash of chocolate bunnies you found in the Big House were supposed to be an Easter present for the little ones who are so, so scared right now? I am micromanaging so many triggers and nightmares and fears and anxieties and broken hearts and stolen innocence, Travis. I don't know who in your cabin had the idea and who did it. I don't want to know. But I think it would be best if you left me alone for a little while." "I'm sorry Katie, I didn't know," Travis babbled. "I know you didn't know," Katie said. "But I didn't know you for a very long time. And I still treated you right." Chris told Travis to relax. When you got in a fight with your girlfriend, the best thing to do was to give each other room so nobody made things worst. Travis tried explaining that Katie wasn't his girlfriend and even if she was, she wasn't even half as intense as Clarisse was, but Chris told him that his point remained. Still, when Silena told him that her cabin was on his capture-the-flag team now because Katie had wanted to switch, he felt like maybe he'd messed up a bit worst than he'd let on to Chris. During the first counselor meeting after Beckendorf had died, tension had been high. When Percy mentioned a spy, things got particularily bad. "Well," Connor said uncomfortable. "We've suspected there might be a spy for years, right? Somebody kept passing information to Luke- like the location of the Golden Fleece a couple of years ago. It must be somebody who knew him well." Travis noticed that, maybe subconsciously, he glanced at Annabeth. Even Travis thought that was a dick move. "I mean, it could by anybody," Connor said. "Yes," Katie said looking at Annabeth defensively and frowning at the Stoll brothers. "Like one of Luke's siblings." Connor started arguing with her and Travis too, but Travis was mostly shocked. And heartbroken. He felt like he'd been gutted, and he was also very, very scared. It was a decent theory. And if Katie didn't believe in him, who would? "Gummy worm?" Travis said handing Katie a paper bag. "I know you're obsessed with them. That and skittles, so there are some of those in there too." "I don't want you stolen candy," Katie said. "I paid for it," Travis said. "Because I knew you wouldn't." It was true. He wasn't sure exactly how much money the candy had been worth, but he'd emptied his pockets on the counter by the Candy Bar's cash register. Katie hesitated before she believed him and she took the offering. Travis sat down next to her. "I was thinking a lot today." "In all our spare time?" Katie asked with a smile. "Yeah," Travis said. "Well, okay. Honnestly I was thinking about dying." "And I came to mind, of course," Katie said. "No," Travis said, blushing. She was being defensive and sarcastic right now. He wasn't used to this from Katie, it wasn't helping. Then again, he was the reason he was in this mess. "I was just thinking about whether or not my mother would be devastated to learn that I'd died if I just did. And, well, I know she would be- but would she be surprised? I didn't think so. And Connor, it'd break Connor to teeny tiny pieces, but I know he'd be okay because he believes in the gods too and he knows how bad it can be. And then I thought about you." "About me?" "Yeah," Travis said. "And what you'd think if I kicked the bucket in the middle of Manhattan." "I would have been upset," Katie said. "Very upset. It would have been sad and I wouldn't have liked it one bit. Is that what came to mind?" "Kind of," Travis said. "I thought of you and I reaslied that it was a stupid checklist to be making in the middle of a fight. The thing is, you've always believed in me and so I should suck it up and do the same. Stop thinking about what would happen if I died... See, I'm not the kind of person that people believed in. Teachers thought I was hopeless. My mom got used to lying and sneaking around pretty quick. When I walk into a store even when I have money in my pockets and I'm totally going to pay, store owners follow me around. Chiron is skeptical whenever it's me against another person. Some of that is my fault, but some of it is just how I am. And I guess that it rubs off, when nobody believes in you. I guess it means I really need you around. I mean, I know I'm not perfect and even when we were hanging out I wasn't anywhere close. But you helped me out, you know. On that... one... particular... front." Katie put the candy down and took Travis' hand. "I don't believe in you because I want you to be perfect. I believe in you because you're good." "Good enough?" Travis asked. "No," Katie said. "Just good. So yes, you'll stay alive during this war. And tomorrow -because I believe in tomorrow- you'll still be here. And if you are and the war is done, we can talk again about all of this." "About tomorrow," Travis grinned a goofy grin. "Yes, tomorrow," Katie said. "Make sure to survive until then, okay?" "Can't wait," Travis smiled.