never fucking procrate." "Drew," Piper said, springing up to life from another table. "McLean this piece of crap is shitting on me and my culture," Drew said. "Don't you dare tell me to cool it." Piper's face went from concerned to piss off. "I was just going to congratulate you on bitch-slapping and scratching him in one go," Piper said. "Cabin 10, we're leaving." Lacy too kind of admired how Drew had bitch-slapped and scratched Christopher all at once, but she bit her lip because she realised that animosity was going to spring back to life… again. She sighed. Nyssa's "one day" was starting to slip away more and more as the vicious circle got itself comfortable in their lives. One day, one day- it always looked like one day until it wasn't. "Hey," Lacy said softly, putting a hand on Nyssa's back when she found her girlfriend sitting outside the forge alone. "Hi," Nyssa said. "I needed to take a breather." "Is there still a lot of smoke in there?" Lacy asked. Nyssa nodded and tugged at her hair. There was more of it than Lacy had ever seen. Nyssa was slipping, she wasn't taking care of herself. "I can't believe the entire mast collapsed," Nyssa said. "That makes no sense. That's such a big set back..." "Hey, hey, hey," Lacy said. "You've had set backs before. You'll be okay." Nyssa's tics were noticeable now. She was twisting her head to the side, her ear nearly touching her shoulder, and she was blinking a lot. "Maybe we are cursed, Lacy," Nyssa said. "Maybe this is a message from... from... I don't know, but it has to mean something that everything I touch collapses, right?" "Nyssa, that's not true," Lacy said. "I've even ruined you," Nyssa said. Her head jerked to the side. "I've made you scared and small again, I've trapped you in something you don't want to be in." " What are you talking about?" Lacy said. "I want to be with you." "But you don't want to be living a lie," Nyssa said. "And that's what hurts the most." Ironically enough, there were four Cabin-Ten birthdays on Valentine's Day (three if you counted Tim and Sorrell's as one). It was usually a pretty festive day in the cabin even for the single demigods, but today Lacy felt miserable. Since the war, couples had come as clingy as possible at camp. Lacy understood why- it was because now they all knew how easy it would be to lose each other. She understood. But it made her miserable to see them all walking around, glued at the hip, or exchanging little gifts or making out in totally inappropriate places as if Valentine's Day meant that everyone wanted to see just how far your tongue could go... She felt like some kind of demonic Cupid Grinch, and when Nico di Angelo appeared in the mess hall, realised it was Valentine's Day and shadow-traveled out of camp, Lacy understood. Part of her wished he'd taken her with him, because the mess hall was worst. People were usually ultra strict on the seating arrangements during meals, but since Annabeth and Percy had started sitting together a few years ago, it had become a widely acceptable risk for couples to take. As a result, Lacy was squashed between Jason, her sister Piper's boyfriend, and her sister Rhiannon, who was chatting up a storm with her latest conquest Marc from Cabin 4. She wanted to scream, but everybody else was excited about these impromptu guests here and there. Lacy felt like a swarm of bees was buzzing under her skin, each cheesy, smushy smile a new flutter and each easy, fearless kiss a new sting. The couples around her were overwhelming until... Until she realised that this was all jealousy and loneliness in a crowded room. Until she digested the fact that nobody could always make everybody happy. Until she realised that this was a curse they were bringing onto themselves. Until she decided that secrecy was too closely knit with shame for it to be anywhere near her relationship. Until she realised that this was tightrope-crossing and eggshell-cracking for everyone's sake but hers. Until she remembered how Saint Valentine was famous for marrying roman soldiers before they reached the legal rank, proclaiming that love knew no law and order and that lovers should know each other. Until she realised that this fight was dumb, that Silena and Beckendorf would've wanted a fight for love not righteousness, and that she was only part of the problem now. Until Lacy got up. If these people had the liberty to rub their love in her face, then damn right she got to pick where hers went. "Fuck it!" Lacy said, more loudly than she'd expected. But Lacy didn't notice that or the accompanying stares. She dropped her fork and spun around to look at Nyssa. "I don't care," Lacy said. "I don't care what people think, I don't care what people want and I don't care what they believe to make themselves feel better. I care about you and I always have adn that should have been enough for me from the start. I'm an idiot and I hope that's your type!" Lacy crossed the distance between their tables. Nyssa got up uneasily and when they met, Lacy threw her arms around her neck and burried her face in Nyssa's hair. Nyssa hugged her back awkwardly, but when Lacy pulled away, the kiss... the kiss was anything but. The resulting round of applause and cheer was rather unanimously positive. "At least we know we have a place to sleep if our cabins kick us out," Nyssa said once they pulled away. "We'll make them keep us," Lacy said quietly, nestling against her shoulder. "If not, I've got you," Nyssa said kissing Lacy's hair. My lover's got humour She's the giggle at a funeral Knows everybody's disapproval I should've worshipped her sooner. -Take me To Church, Hozier