to heave himself to his chair, he managed to bring out, "I can't believe you're doing this, Percy. The girl I know would never accept such violence from anyone. How can you even put up with them, knowing they don't have any morals or boundaries?" "What can I say?" Percy shot a long look of longing at the two gods. "I love me some monster in my gods." As if knowing there would be another fight if she didn't proceed, Percy returned her attention to him, just as he was about to sit down. A snap of Ares's fingers, and the golden ropes were around him again. "Anyway, where were we? Ah, I believe we had a chat about why you've been following me for the past months." He opened his mouth, but she beat him to it. "Now, enough of hiding behind lies. Do you really think we would have no idea? Does your master think that?" He froze, and she smiled in response. "We know all about the stirring in Tartarus. We know Kronos is intending to rise once again. He's one stubborn son of a bitch, I've got to hand that to him. But don't fret, we're already taking care of it." "How?" He asked angrily. "Because I know all about his little plans concerning you," Percy rasped, her tone amused. "I know you're not human. You're not even a being . You're a shadow of your old self, tumbling somewhere on the verge between life and death. You can be just as quickly destroyed as you were formed. Kronos took what was left of your mortal essence from the living world, forming it into what you are now – an angry, undead shadow of your past, while your true form's in Elysium right now." He struggled against the ropes binding him to the chair, roaring out, "Lies! That's all lies!" Before Apollo and Ares could do anything, Percy had risen from her seat in lightning speed, shooting toward him. Her small hand closed around his throat, and he could feel her perfectly manicured fingernails piercing his skin. "I won't have any of it anymore," she hissed, the dark-bright, green light behind her eyes glowing and burning. "You know how close I was from blowing you up when I sensed you nearby the cafe? The only thing that kept me from doing it was the fact my son was present. Yes, you heard that right. But you've already figured it out, haven't you?" The strength she held him with was too great for a mere mortal or even a demigod. A goddess. She was one of the beings he despised the most. She was past the saving point. "No, I'm not a goddess," she chuckled darkly, reading his mind, fueling his confusion further. "I'm something much, much worse." She slammed him down on the chair, forcefully cupping his jawline. "So, here's a little message from me to your master. Tell Kronos that I will personally tear him limb from fucking limb if he dares to come anywhere near my husbands or my son, or sends someone else to do so. I won't participate in ANY war that might come my way. You wanna know why? Because I have a family. I have a child. That's my biggest priority now." Somewhere in the background, Apollo muttered to Ares, "I love it when she gets like this." "Kronos won't care," he said furiously. "He'll come after you anyway." "Well, it's sad then that we're already taking care of him. The bastard won't even know what'll hit him." Percy smiled mockingly and leaned forwards, bringing her lips close to his ears. She smelled like peaches, vanilla, and the sea, and her breath was like a breeze of mint and whipped cream. "And I'll send you back straight to him, Luke Castellan." Before he could realize what her words meant, she had already snapped her fingers, making him disperse into thousands and thousands of water molecules. Just shortly before he could leave completely, the shadowy form of his old self flying back to Tartarus, he heard Apollo say with a chipper voice, "The Fearsome Foursome was at it again! Or, well, the Fearsome Threesome, since Hermes isn't here right now and all." Ares snickered. Percy turned sharply on her heels to scowl at them. "Apollo, would you quit calling us that?" AUTHOR'S NOTE: Okay, so, I am certainly intrigued with this pairing. I'll definitely write more about them. Who knows? I might even turn this one-shot into a full-blown fic, haha. To be honest, I've never thought about writing Polympians before, but Fem!Percy is my jam, and Apollo, Hermes, and Ares are three of my favorite gods. I actually got inspiration to this story, because some of the fics I've read pair Fem!Percy with only one of them (my fic included), and so that got me thinking like , hell, why can't she have all three of them? This Fem!Percy has a little twist to her, but I can't help but think she would perhaps turn out this way if she were to get together with Apollo, Ares, and Hermes. Damn, she's one lucky bitch for sure, haha. There's this point of them being faithful that I've loved to explore in this short version, and I just know I would like it even more in an actual fic. I don't think it's even the point of a pretty woman walking past them, because lol Percy's a babe, I think it's rather the fact they've been unmarried for like forever. Free spirits, like I described it in the one-shot. But I think it could work. Gods are not like, the almighty God himself, they're connected to humans a lot more; thus, their emotions are like a mirror to human ones. And to quote Aphrodite: " Love can even bring the gods to their knees. " Anyway, I hope you liked this piece of awesome crap, and see you somewhere on my stories!