to wonder the other Hunters shouted the exact words, ' They need help.' They didn't shout out that the Hunters needed help they were talking about someone else needing help. OH No! No! No! NO! The Drakon had attacked some of the campers. I started to run thinking if Annabeth and Percy had moved into there new house or if they had stayed at Camp Half Blood. I heard a scream and the snapping or branches. I heard the other campers in my group following closely behind me. I ran into a clearing in the words and saw the foul beast. I touched the Bracelet that I got when I was younger, A bronze shield one metre square with Medusa's face molded into the bronze. People say that if they were a monster they would run at the sight of it personally I have no clue what they're talking about it's not that scary. One of the good things about being a Hunters is the fact when we need our weapon it magically appears in our hands ready to rock and roll. I looked around the scene and saw a couple of the best medics in the group kneeling on the ground on the edge of the clearing. I walked over knowing that my Hunters were treating the people that got attacked. "What happened?" I asked to Molly. She turned towards me with a grave face. "Thalia I'm really sorry you might want to see the victims." I was instantly worried. All the Hunters knew I was very close with most of the campers. So instantly knew that it was someone I knew. I walked to the front of the group everyone was crowded around the medics now because the other group of Hunters had made short work of the Drakon and had used some of Artemis' instant monster removal. I told the other campers to move back and to give the medics some space. " Move guys the medics need room, move back." I walked up to the front keeping my cool I was Artemis' second in command I could not show weakness or I would be rivaled for my position. As peaceful as the Hunters are we do argue and would fight with each other a lot. I was usually the person to break up these brawls unless it was me starting them. I walked past the second row closest to the victims. I stopped in my tracks there lying on the ground as pale as Apollos' butt ( sadly I have seen this sight before but not happily) was Annabeth, Percy and Nico... Nico's POV I woke up feeling like a herd of centaurs had trampled all over me. I looked around and noticed I was in the hospital wing at Camp Half Blood and I was also lying on my stomach. Will told me they always lie their patients on their backs because it's easier to work with it's comfier for the patient as well. So I wandered why I was lying on my back? Suddenly I had one of those moments were everything comes flooding back to you. "Oh No!" I remembered walking through the forest hoping to get some peace and quiet when I heard voices so I decided to check it out. I recognized the voices to be Percy's and Annabeth's. What are they doing here decided to ask myself. I started to head towards them waiting for an axe murder to pop up behind me like they do in the movies. Sadly no axe murderer .(I so could of taken him down while screaming DDIIIEEE! At the top of my lungs and made it look easy. :-) So I was heading to the sound of their voices when I heard the crunching of branches snapping and bending behind me I choice to ignore it thinking it was a pesky River naiad or tree nymph GOD! I wish I hadn't ignored it now. I heard a familiar voice behind me. " Nico you dare get out of that bed and I'll tell the camp your afraid of Daisies." I recognized who it was how could I ever forget that voice the voice I fell in love with. "You wouldn't Will Jonathan-Christopher Solace." I heard him gasp I had pulled out the big guns his middle name. He hated people knowing it I was the only person at camp that knew it and I loved taking advantage of the fact. He walked over and sat on the end of my bed. He looked at me, and worry was evident in his expression. "Do you remember what happened." He asked me looking at me with sadness in his eyes. "Yeah. I do but only up too when I passed out what happened after?" He looked at me and I saw a tears brimming in his eyes. He ran his hand across them before I could ask him what was wrong. He let out a sigh then turned away. " This is all we managed to get out of Percy before.. Before... We told him the bad news." He still didn't turn to look at me. " The drakon slashed at Annabeth but he pushed her out of the way. Instead it slammed Percy into a tree he lost conscience soon after." He finished still not turning towards me. "What about Annabeth what did she say." I noticed he hadn't said anything about her and I was starting to worry. "She...She...She." Will stuttered Will never stuttered. " Tell me Will." I hated being force full but I had too. "She's Dead..." He muttered. So did you like how I ended it. :-) Don't worry I will be posting another chapter soon. Poor Annabeth :-( What will Percy do? all revealed next chapter. I hope every one had a happy new year. Please review I love all the feedback I get and I love hearing about you guys Thank You and Enjoy Life :-) Your friend HeartBrokenLover,