his gesturing. Hazel dug deep to remember the Spanish that she'd heard flying around the Valdez house so long ago, and found the word to thank him. "I was always going to die," Hazel said. "I was never going to get out of the war with Gaia alive, one way or another. Either I died on the battlefield like a hero, or Pluto sent me back when all was said and done- don't fight me on this, you know it too." Frank bit his lip to keep his mouth shut. "You, on the other hand…" Hazel said. She closed her eyes and sighed. "You were going to be praetor. You were talking to me about learning mandarin, becoming a doctor. You had plans and you might have actually gotten to them Frank, you weren't supposed to die." "Ideally nobody was going to die," Frank said. "There's a different between ideas and reality," Hazel said dunking the bread in her coffee repeatedly. "And that's the problem. It's all so sweet to give your life for something and die for someone, but gods, Frank, nobody's actually supposed to do that." Frank frowned and Hazel grabbed handfuls of her hair. "You had such an awesome life to live and so much to give the world," Hazel said. "I can't believe you're here and it makes me so, so sad and so guilty and…" She couldn't even finish what she was saying, she could only burry her face in her hands. She remembered when they'd read battered up copies of Romeo and Juliet at school. She remembered how Sister Agnes had blotted out some of the racier parts and dirty jokes, but the ending had stayed. Romeo killing herself on what he thought was Juliet's corpse. Juliet kissing the poison off of her lover's lips and finding her death… she remembered how all the girls had awed and teared up and called it romantic and sweet and how they'd all dreamed of boys who would follow them through death- they'd all gossiped about it in the bathrooms. Back then, Hazel had seemed least likely to ever have a sweetheart, much less one like that. Now that she did, it felt so unfair. She felt so guilty and sad and terrified and so, so guilty . None of those emotions were romantic. "Wait, wait, wait," Frank said. "Hazel? Do you..? Do you know how I died?" "I died first," Hazel said. "But… how do you think I died?" Frank asked. Hazel swallowed. "You think I did it on purpose, don't you?" Frank said, his eyes widening. "You think I willingly took a knife or something to follow you to the Underworld…" Hazel didn't meet his eyes. Her coffee was a way more comfortable alternative. "My gods, Hazel," Frank said. "My gods, no. I was thrown into the Mediterranean by a giant. My arm was broken I was too hurt on impact to transform. I drowned. That's it. That's what happened to me, just another casualty, an accident. Gods, Hazel, I would never have willingly died…" "That's not what it sounded like on the boat, okay?" Hazel said, bunching the overlong sleeves of her sweater in her hands. "The morning before we all suited up and left to fight, you told me that no matter what happened on the battlefield, you'd always love me and you'd do anything to stay with me. When I saw you after that, I thought… I… can you blame me?" "No," Frank said. "No, but Hazel, that's… that's so not what happened." He reached across the table and took her hands impulsively. "Hazel, if it weren't for that giant, I would have lived for you," Frank said. "I would have taken all the life and love and happiness and curiosity that you had or wanted or needed or never got to have and poured it into every single thing I did until the day that I died if I'd gotten the chance. Every single bit of courage you had to show, and I'd have doubled it to do all the things right. I'd have done everything you dreamed to do and gone to all the places in the world that you never got to see and holy crap, Hazel, I'd have had the life. I would have had it, I would have lived, in your honour because you've shown me, if nothing else, that life is more important than death time and time again." Hazel's heart froze in her chest. That was even more important. Hazel's free hand curled around her cup of coffee. "You're serious?" "I am," Frank said. "If I died it's not… it's not my choice. It's just the way that fate works. It's just another way that we end up at the same place at the same time. If I weren't meant to die, there's no way I could have done it. Nothing can change destiny, right?" Hazel nodded softly. Her curls bounced. "I shouldn't have shut you out so quickly," Hazel said. "It's not your fault," Frank said. "See, it's easier being alone in Elysium than being with someone that you wanted to see live for years and years and years," Hazel said. "I wouldn't know," Frank said. "I haven't, you know, actually done enough to compare it." Hazel was quiet for a few seconds. "It's not too late," Hazel said. Frank smiled, but that wasn't enough for Hazel. She leaned across the table and kissed him, right on the lips. It tasted like coffee but that only made it better for Hazel. Nothing could have stopped her from melting at Frank's touch and nothing could have made her want to stay solid now that she had him back. "I feel so stupid," Hazel said when she pulled back. "I'm sorry." "I'm sure you can make it up to me," Frank smiled shyly. Hazel kissed him again. Upcoming ship weeks September 21 - 27 - Calypso and Leo 28 - October 7 - Percy and Annabeth