a boy – the moment he was born, I knew he was yours. He had black hair, and when he opened his eyes they were green. Not blue, like a regular newborn baby. They were the brightest shade of green I've ever seen, even to this day. I named him Perseus Jackson, or just Percy for short. I love him more than life itself, Poseidon. Though I don't think he knows that. I've screwed up. Big time. The pregnancy was difficult. I was practically homeless, without a job, constantly coming down with illnesses that put my baby at risk...I had two options. I could call you, beg you for help. But I didn't think you'd care. Or I could sell myself to other men. Go on. Be disgusted. It was the only option I had left in my mind. I managed to make enough money to pay for the hospital bill and some things to care for Percy with. A client allowed me to stay with him for a while (at a price). I stayed with him for a year before leaving. Percy and I have been bouncing back and forth between homes and people for years. I don't think that I can explain it all in just one letter. But to sum it up, Percy is old for his age. He's nine years old and he acts like an adult, Poseidon. He never got a proper childhood. Of course, he goes to school. And he's such a bright young lad, if it isn't for his ADHD and Dyslexia. I'm afraid that I've been a terrible mother to him, too. One of my past boyfriends taught him the art of theft. Another used him to smuggle drugs past police. But it was the price we had to pay if we didn't want to die. Life is tough, Poseidon. And I can't handle it. I've done it all. Prostitution, drugs, crime...and I realise now that this isn't how I want my life to be like. All I want is for my son to be happy. But I can't offer him that. I've left him at foster homes and he's run away from them until he found me again. Percy needs a proper life. I plan on doing something stupid and selfish. My boyfriend, Gabe, is a drug addict and I've done a fair share of illegal activities in the past and now in the present. I'm going to call the police and pretend to be a neighbour. They'll raid the apartment, throw me and Gabe into jail...and take Percy to a children's home. He won't be able to leave there with his past records. With time, he'll even be happy there. Finally. I obviously don't make it out of jail if you are reading this, Poseidon. I'll never see Percy again, not even through the bars of my cell. That isn't what I want. I want him to be happy, but I want him to have a parent too. He cannot become an orphan. That is why I'm asking you this, Poseidon – if I die, at least get to meet Percy. Tell him you're his dad. He's been dreaming of a proper father since he understood what the word meant. I don't know how he'll feel about you but it's all that I can ask from you is to let him know he still has someone. Please. I don't have much time. Percy will be home from school soon. Maybe, if we meet again, I can tell you the whole story. I hope so. Breaking all contact to you was the biggest mistake of my life. With love, -Sally Jackson. I drop the letter on to the desk, staring at the words. Son. I have a son. Sally's son is mine. She wants me to meet him... I feel Hestia's eyes boring into mine, taking in my expression. "Are you okay?" she asks. "I have a son," I breathe, looking back at the picture of Percy. Of course – the hair, the eyes, even the small sheepish smile and the glimmer of mischievousness – they're all my features. It's true. He's my son. Hestia nods. "And I have a nephew," she adds, sounding pleased. I rub a hand over my eyes. God...what did Sally do to herself? Whatever made her think that she couldn't come to me for help? It has to be my father's fault. Curse him, Kronos. That man could take over the world (not that he hasn't tried...). But wait, no. No more thinking about Sally or my father. There's only one thing that matters – Sally's final wish, for me to meet Percy. Do I want a child? I think for a few seconds, but no 'yes' or 'no' answer comes. Can I handle being a father? Percy is nine years old (though he looks younger). That means I've missed out on the midnight-diaper-changes and a lot of pointless wailing and crying. Surely I can handle a nine year old. Zeus's daughter, Thalia, is twelve. Hades's son, Nico, is six. If my brothers can handle children, I can too. "When can I meet him?" Chapter 1 - done. I wrote this months ago and I've read through it multiple times. I apologise for any spelling mistakes or grammatical issues. If you enjoyed or think you have any good advice, please drop a review. No flames, unless it's constructive criticism (which I appreciate, by the way). Anything that will help me improve my writing. As I've said, I've already completed the story. The next chapter isn't of Poseidon and Percy meeting: that'll come in chapter 3, if you guys are interested. Chapter two will be uploaded tomorrow when I get home from school, and I'll continue to update either daily/every other day. Anyway, I'll go now. Please tell me if this chapter was okay - again, I was inspired by Amidst the Darkness, which is like my favourite story. Follow, favourite, whatever...yeah, I'll just be going :S