sisters and I are very good at fixing the messes," Miranda said. "A baby bird!" Lou Ellen looked up and spotted a baby bird, disgusting and pink. "Hush, hush, baby," Miranda said slowly approaching the remnants of the nest. "Hush…" "Don't pick it up, the mother won't come back," Lou Ellen said. "That's a myth," Miranda said. "The only bird with a developed sense of smell is the vulture, besides I don't think this little guy has a mother to go back to… And his wing is broken, oh… Okay, I need your help." "Me?" "Go to my cabin and check on the shelf near the door, there's a bunch of emergency shoeboxes and plastic bins. Find one about… this big, that's about the size of the original nest. There will be holes near the bottom, we put them there for drainage, it's normal. Grab one of our bird first aid kits too, they should be on the same shelf- make sure it's bird, not squirrel or rabbit or… Go, quick." Lou Ellen went quickly. oOoOo "You've got this surgical precision," Lou Ellen said as she watched Miranda wrap a sterile bandage over the broken wing, down the bird's side so it couldn't flap, and under the working wing. "It's just because the bird's letting me," Miranda said. "Yeah, well, the bird's letting you," Lou Ellen said. "They always do," Miranda said. "As long as they know it's because they're being loved, and because they are being cared for." "I know they do," Lou Ellen said, sinking into her thoughts. oOoOo "Hey," Miranda said. "Can you pass me the eyedropper? I think he might drink some more." Lou Ellen was falling asleep with open eyes. Again. Just a bit this time, and Miranda helped her think. "Wake up. Bailey needs you." "Bailey?" "That's the bird's name," Miranda said. "Isn't it, little guy?" "How do you know it's not a girl?" Lou Ellen said. "Bailey's a unisex name," Miranda said. "And I'm switching between little guy and baby girl and babe. I've got my bases covered." Lou Ellen smiled. She loved Miranda. And Miranda loved the baby bird so much that she had hand-fed it for the last three hours and showed no signs of stopping. oOoOo "We have to keep her warm," Miranda said, tucking some yarn into the baby bird (fine, Bailey )'s shoebox. "She's just a nestling, see? Shouldn't be out of the nest, not even near old enough to fly… I'll show Katie when she comes over for spring break, but I think we'll be able to get her back in the woods if she keeps taking fluids…" "Is this what you always do?" Lou Ellen said. "Find little broken things and keep them?" "Sometimes," Miranda said. She looked up. "Sometimes I also date extraordinary, beautiful women. Even if they think they're a charity case." Lou Ellen's mouth opened. "I care a lot about a lot of things, Ellie," Miranda said. "It's made me a bit observant." "Don't tell me I'm wrong," Lou Ellen said. "Is this because your siblings call me when you have your episodes?" "Don't call them that." "Then what are they?" Miranda asked. "I'm seriously asking here, that way I can use the right word. Or do the right thing. If I'm doing or saying something wrong." "You're not doing anything wrong," Lou Ellen sighed. "You're perfect. You take care of me so much and so well and I'm so broken that I don't even remember it to thank you, and I don't remember anything about my… I guess they are episodes." "That's not the point, Ellie," Miranda said. "To get thanks. I take care of you because I love you." "And what do I do because I love you?" Lou Ellen said. "Nothing. I do nothing, but I love you so much, Mira, so much it hurts sometimes. And you're so good, sometimes that's why I fall into these episodes because I'm so guilty and you don't even know it and you're too good to even ask or push and…" "I got to Camp when I was twelve, three months before you, and I didn't eat," Miranda said. Lou Ellen blinked. "I didn't eat for, like, a week," Miranda said. "And my mother's a bit of a food goddess, so maybe that's why it didn't do as much damage as it should've, but I couldn't eat because I was so scared. And the paranoia was so bad and with the hunger too, that I hallucinated birds and bugs everywhere around Camp. They were even in the showers. And when I finally ate I threw up and I couldn't keep anything down for another week, and then I thought that maybe I was being poisoned because like I said, I was kind of tripping. Katie spoon-fed me apple sauce in the infirmary with Will Solace smashing up multivitamins in the background, and that was my first meal at camp." Miranda played with her hands before tucking in more yarn and newspaper into Bailey's makeshift nest. "I notice a lot," Miranda said. "Because I care. And I think that all demigods are a little bit damaged. And that might me an understatement because some of us are the most severely messed up people I know, but all of us at least have something going on. You weren't here when I was at my worst. I'm here now, and this is your worst. It's a coincidence. But I know that if I ever get bad again, or next time that I get hurt really bad, you'll be there. So you're not some charity case or adopted pet, and we're not building up debts here, Ellie. We're being in love." "I like being in love," Lou Ellen said. "I do too," Miranda said. "I also like saving baby birds in the wild, so you're going to have to let me do both without taking it personally…" Lou Ellen laughed, leaned over Bailey's nest, and kissed her.