girlfriend tightly. "Yes," she nodded before latching onto his wrist and started to drag him away; Jason allowed her and was quickly reanimated into telling his story. Will watched them go, his thoughts drawn back to a certain death boy. He bumped into Nico later that day and the kid offered a soft apology as he went to move past him. Will wasn't so willing. "We need to talk," he quickly protested latching onto Nico's wrist in hopes of keeping the boy from slipping through his fingers. Nico blinked in shock before nodding in agreement, "Sure." That's how Will ended up inside Nico's cabin explaining the day he's had. Nico listened in stony silence, face an expressionless mask but his eyes betraying his growing sense of frustrated anger. Once Will finished Nico jumped to his feet and declared, "I'm going to kill them." Which was a lie, they both knew, but Nico was righteously angry and wanted to scream at someone . Will was just reluctant to let the boy slip from his fingers again. "Oh no you don't," Will protested as he quickly wrapped back arms around Nico's waist and drawing him back on the bed in his lap, causing the boy to instantly start squirming. "Release me Solace!" he shouted bony elbows digging into Will's stomach and Will clutched him tighter. "Only if you promise to stay and talk to me," Will bargained and felt Nico freeze before nod his head reluctantly. Will let him go and Nico was instantly on his feet staring at Will with a confused expression. "Nico I-" Will started suddenly feeling stupid and ashamed but he swallowed down those feelings and forced through clenched eyes, "I really like you." Nico paused before he added, "I like you too Will." "No. I mean I like, like you," Will corrected and this time looked up to see Nico blink in surprise but then his expression was softening and it left Will's heart drumming in his chest. "Me too." And it was as much as a confession as either one of them were getting as the next instant Nico's door was being slammed open and Jason strolled in. "Jason!" Nico screeched as Will instantly diverted his gaze from the suddenly suspicious expression of Nico's friend. "I just came to ask if you wanted to come to dinner with me and Piper," Jason responded smoothly, eyes practically boring into Will's soul. "I don't care! Learn how to knock!" Nico shouted face turning bright red in embarrassment- something Will found hopelessly adorable. "Sorry," Jason apologized before straightening his shoulders and asked, "What's going on?" "Will and I were just talking!" Nico squawked as he rushed over to start shoving the larger boy out of his room. "Really? What about?" Jason asked teasingly and Will was instantly on his feet. "I was asking Nico if he wanted to come to dinner with me," he offered and Nico shot him a look before turning back to shoving Jason from his room. "Oh? What did he say?" Jason asked curiously- challengingly. "I told him yes so you can leave now," Nico spoke up before either one of them could respond. Jason blinked in surprise before nodding and left. This time it was Will's turn to gawk as Nico turned back towards him. "What?" the pale kid demanded, "Do you or do you not want to go eat with me." Will grinned this time as he practically beamed, "Of course I do." They were pretty much dating after that, always holding hands in public and sitting with each other at the campfires and sharing secret smiles that left Will's heart swelling in how much Nico became something so utterly perfect and precious to him. Of course, Percy always seemed to tag along on all their "dates" and at first it irked Will but he soon found he didn't care all that much as Nico held his hand or grinned at him leaving Will feeling like a love sick fool, which- he supposed- he technically was. And, after their third sort-of-but-not-really date without moma Percy it came to no surprise when Jason approached him with a serious expression. Jason Grace, Will is starting to understand, nothing like his father. He cares about those around him and is a natural born leader and- despite the glasses- still scary if he wanted to be. A side of him, of course, Nico vehemently denies exists but is the side Will was seeing right now. "Do I need to go into detail about what I'll do to you if you hurt him?" he demanded with a sharp scowl. Will shook his head. "Good," Jason approved before clapping his shoulder, "because I'm so thankful he's found someone that makes him this happy. Don't ruin it for him." "I wouldn't dream of it," Will promised equally as serious. Jason nodded again and seemed to have approved of Will. Will didn't get a chance to ask though because the next second Nico had approached them asking what they were talking about as he shyly sought out Will's hand. It was then that Will realized why everyone had suddenly seemed overprotective of the pale boy beside him. They've all sought out to give Nico the happiness he deserves after all this time and they've succeeded in much different ways. But the happiness Will gives him was different and something they can't replicate and they're afraid of Will taking that happiness and crushing it. Glancing over at Nico's still pensive expression Will couldn't help but feel the overwhelming love that threatened to swallow him whole and spit him back out still as lovesick and dumb as before because Nico gave him the same feeling of happiness Will gives him. "We were just talking," Will quickly reassured taking Nico's hand in his own and squeezing before risking a glance towards Jason. The blond boy was standing several feet away, arms crossed but Will could've sworn he gave him a firm nod of approval.