funny without ever being mean... all were things that Annabeth had missed after a boat ride and a quest with them. At that moment, she spotted Nico and Piper exiting the palace. "How'd it go?" Piper asked breathlessly when she saw them. "I think I got the bulk of the work done," Annabeth said. "Oh good," Piper said. "And you?" "Don't make me talk," she said. "She was good," Nico asked. His powers over life and death let him sense exactly where Hazel was. "Can I keep his spear?" Hazel asked quietly, kicking the guard's weapon. "No," Annabeth said. "We actually have to get out of here as quickly as possible or else Percy leaves without us." "Bullshit, he wouldn't," Piper said. "But I can't wait to see the surface again. I've missed her." "We all have," Nico said. "Let's go home." Percy'd had the most boring day of his life. For starters, driving a boat was mindless to him. His limbs just did whatever they wanted to out of their own accord, and usually that ended up creating exactly the right bend of pulling and tugging and knotting that resulted in a successful boat ride. Plus the fact that he'd sailed on the Argo II for most of last summer, not to mention all the sick parties that cabins 11 and 12 hosted on the boat every weekend as it bobbed in the harbour, made it familiar too. Secondly, nymphs were boring in the Underworld. The driads at camp were nice, if not a little ditzy. The ones in the ocean were awesome and they alternated between kicking his ass, kicking some sea god's ass, and then launching into awesome conversations about rocket launchers and military SONAR operations. These ones? Gloomy as heck. Didn't like anything, didn't want anything... Percy couldn't believe that Nico had thought that these guys seriously had enough dedication to anything to tell Lord Hades about an escape plan if Percy had started singing a song about it. Thirdly, stress bored him. It'd become too typical of his lifestyle. The twenty minute cap that his friends were all strictly enforced under was literally meaningless to him. The fact that the rest of the seven were in danger was such a routine thing, and Percy tended to be bad with deadlines and realising that things could go badly so, there went that. The only real stress was how badly he wanted to see Hazel again. That girl was like the little sister he'd never had. Besides, if Percy had to see Frank so torn and upset and quiet about it again, he was going to burst. But all his friends made it back on the Argo II in one piece and nobody was crying, so Percy assumed that somewhere among their ranks, Hazel was invisible. She'd show herself when they sailed down the River Acheron and were back at the surface world, he assumed. Great, more waiting. All Percy wanted was a hug. Everyone was quiet and standing on the edge of the ship. Jason had gotten people ready on the ballistas, and Leo was cranking the ship's engine with some kind of son-of-Hephaestus magic that Percy was appreciating. That's when a whisper of excitement rushed over the Argo II and Percy realised that they were invisible. Not only to the other authorities in the Underworld, but also to themselves- which was trippy, but it proved one solid point. Hazel was with them not only in person, but in feist. Which pretty much meant that they could do anything. Go figure; it was cold in the arctic ocean. Jason, who had yet to experience a real winter outside of California and Camp's winter borders was absolutely dying. The tip of his nose was red and he was just traumatised by the cold. Percy made a few Canadian jokes about how well Frank was handling the crappy weather, but without sounding egocentric- Hazel was pretty sure that Frank was down for just about any kind of ecological disaster that moment. Since Hazel had pulled Annabeth's cap off her head and the Seven had basically tripped over themselves to hug her, Frank had been the one person never to leave her side to go drive the ship or crank up the heating or tell Leo to crank up the heating more quickly or get blankets and hot cocoa or go swim with orcas. Right now, Hazel was resting against him in a nest of blankets that the overprotective prophecy children had built around her. The strong armour over his chest made Hazel think of home, of Camp Jupiter. She didn't know if that's where she was going. She didn't really care right then, because she was pretty sure that Frank and the rest of the Seven were going to be with her there. Frank kissed the top of her head. "Thank you," he said. "What are you thanking me for? You broke me out of hell!" Hazel said. "For staying you until we got you out," Frank said. "I don't know what's going to happen now, how we're going to hide you and all, but you're here now, so I think everything's possible." "About that," Hazel said, "I don't think I need to hide much." This drew in exterior interest to the conversation. Annabeth and Nico frowned deeply. Hazel told them about her soup and the newspaper and a few things here and there that had made her start thinking that maybe, just maybe, her jailors didn't like their jobs. "I think that that prison was like the death penalty," Hazel said. "If you survive the jolt of electricity or whatnot, you get to go free." "That's a myth," Annabeth said. "Okay but so is the afterlife," Hazel said. "Hey, if it means that everyone gets to be happily ever after, I'm down with it being real," Percy said. "Amen to that," Jason said raising his cup of hot chocolate. More mugs were raised as people echoed; "Amen."