always fascinating to read the theories. Sometimes he even believes it.) Oh well. He closes his eyes and leans his head against Nico's. They've been given three beds but for some reason they're all still huddled on the floor. Nico and Thalia have both dropped off. He's about to, too. He can deal with the aftermath tomorrow. The aftermath is actually not– terrible? Apparently no one yet has caught wind that they've been arrested (which is a little odd, considering they got dragged off by security in a busy shop), because if they had there would have been news already, so all they have to do is leave subtly. Which is easier said than done. "This is ridiculous," Thalia mutters. "This is so, so stupid. We're going to get caught and people are going to know we got arrested and it's going to be the end of our career." "Relax," Percy soothes. "No one knows yet." "Someone here could have tipped the press off!" Now she's the one being ridiculous. Percy gives her a look. "No one here is stupid enough to do that." "You don't know that," Nico says. "After all, you were stupid enough to steal our album." "Why don't you just shut your face." "Just saying." "You're not listening to me!" Thalia insists. "This is a massive deal. Why aren't you taking this seriously?" "You're taking it too seriously," Percy tells her. "Honestly, it's fine. No one told anyone. We're going to walk away with our records unscratched." Thalia still looks worried. Her black hair is all clumped around her head in tufts, although that may be from sleeping on his shoulder the entire night, and Percy sees that she's chewed her nails right down to the quick. Even her ever-present eyeliner has been smeared around her eyes like bruises, and that's incredibly impressive considering Thalia because she has managed to play shows and walk away with her makeup untouched. Wildly, she looks around, and her eyes fall on a security guard. She marches over to him. "Have you told anyone?" she demands. The security guard is twice her size and has biceps like buses but he takes one look at her ripped jeans and death stare and cowers like she's eight feet tall. "No, ma'am," he stammers. "We were given orders to remain silent." Percy gives Thalia a pointed look. "See!" "That doesn't mean anything, the press always have ways to find out things. Remember that time we lost Nico in New York and the only reason we found him again was because TMZ got there first?" "I remember that," Nico says. "That was weird. Even I didn't know where I was." Thalia ignores him. "Point is," she says, "they're going to find out one way or another, and we've got the TCAs in like, two weeks! Do you know how bad that would be?" "Then we'll just tell them the truth," Percy says. "It's not as if we killed someone. We can spin it into a funny thing. 'Oh, the superhot Percy Jackson was hilarious yet again in a stunt he pulled in a Portland Target where he thought he was allowed to steal his own album. What a joker! Next up we'll be talking about his abs. Toodles!' It's literally that easy." Nico snorts. "What abs?" Thalia gnaws her thumbnail. "We're going to be in so much crap." "That's a problem for another time," Percy says. "Focus on the good things. Like, um." He looks around and catches sight of the security guard again. "You! What's your name?" The security guard looks a little taken off guard. The other guard, almost identical to the first except dark-skinned, snorts. "Um," he says. "Steve." "Steve." Percy nods. "Good name." "Uh. Thanks." Percy turns back to Thalia. "See! Be positive." Thalia pulls a hideous face at him. "Yeah, Thalia," Nico says. "Be positive. Try compliment Steve." "I like your tattoos, Steve." The other guard actually laughs out loud this time. Steve looks bashful but also a little pleased. "Thank you." Percy looks back at Thalia. "That wasn't so hard, now, was it?" "I still don't feel better." "You should." Percy sobers a little and shuffles closer to her, slinging his arm around her shoulders. "It's honestly gonna be okay, T. I promise. If we get caught, who cares? Yeah, we'll have to make a public statement and Mr D might eat us alive, but we really aren't going to get into any trouble. We stole an album." "You stole an album," Nico corrects. "I stole an album. I stole our album." Thalia doesn't look any more reassured, so Percy says, "Look. I got us into this mess. I'll get us out, I promise you." Finally, she doesn't look like she wants his head on a plate. "Okay." "Okay. Do you feel a bit better?" "Kind of." "Cool. Now let's get out of here, I'm absolutely starving." A/N hey guys! i hope you liked that and also welcome to my new story hello how are you yes anyway this is my new story! as you can tell from the summary this a famous!au that consists of youtuber!annabeth and band!percy (is that a thing i don't know) and i really hope you guys enjoy it because ive been toying with this idea for a few months now and im having a jolly good time writing it haha Update-wise I'll try and do what i did with iSpy and update every Saturday except I've now entered the monstrosity that is year 10 and my English teacher said and i quote "do what you enjoy now because by the end of the year youll be doing at least three hours of revision a night" so a) pray for me and b) if this story isn't wrapped up by next year i may be a little odd with updates woo anyway! i hope you liked it and please tell me what you thought, and i shall see you beans next Saturday xxx