will help ease the pain away." She stared at him, her lips pursed at his decision. Then, she chuckled, raising her face so that her lips were grazed against his jaw. "Unbelievable." His breath was caught in his throat, and he stood still when she leaned back slightly to meet his eyes. "Yes?" The only answered he got was when she let go of his hand and took a few steps back, turning her back to him. He took that as a queue and faced the other side as well, hearing the sound of her armor and weapon dropping to the floor, and then there was the sound of water being disturbed. "Your turn." He glanced to her, and saw that her back was still facing his way, only this time there weren't any coverings to conceal her flawless skin. The water had stopped just at her shoulder blades, mostly likely above her chest from where she sat down. He had to remind himself to not stare as he looked away from her slender slope of her shoulders, and the way she was rebraiding her dark hair. He quickly undressed himself, and stepped into the water, wincing a bit when the water stung his shredded skin. He settled down behind her, letting his chest brushed against her back as he pressed his lips onto the back of her neck. She let out a small laugh. "I was starting to think you have forgotten," She remarked as he moved his mouth along her shoulder, his hands sliding down her arms and rested on her elbows. "You have proven me wrong." He stopped at one particular spot at where a scar was given to her during the time she was at war with other enemies, and kissed there gently. "You are hard to forget, Praetor," He mumbled as he ran a finger down her spine, his pride inflated when she arched slightly, her breath hitching. "And we are familiar with this, I would never expect you to play ignorant in these type of things." She turned around so that she faced him, catching him off guard when she wrapped her arms around his neck and bought her body closer to his, close enough so that no space existed between them. He could feel every curve of her, the smoothness of her skin against his, and only focused on resting his hands on her waist when she pressed her nose to his cheek, her breath warm against it. "Is it?" She whispered, one hand sliding down his chest and rested on his heart. "You doubt me?" He mentally shook his head to get rid partially of the distraction she caused upon him and pushed her gently back as he too moved with her, so that her back was resting on the wall of the bath. He kissed her chin. "You said we are a rumour, news in the wind," He let a thumb bushed against her bottom lip as he trailed his lips up to the apple of her cheek. "Am I a rumour, Reyna? " Raising her head, she kissed him with such passion he had ever felt from her since the last time they met which felt like years ago, with her hands cupping the sides of his face. He had one arm wrapped around her, while his other hand was planted on the wall, responding to her demand as eagerly as she was. He could feel her legs wrapped around his waist, and suddenly she chuckled. "Miss me?" She breathed into his mouth, deliberately letting her nails grazed against his neck as she rested her hands on the back of his head, her fingers playing with his hair. Oh, he missed her yes, probably more than he should. Reyna, with her dark eyes that could cause a man to kneel in fear as a storm brew in those orbs, her smile as soft as a mother when excited children crowded her, her gentle press of her lips to his forehead when he first got himself badly enough to the point of death. In those months he was captured and tortured, he prayed to the gods that she would come, and now she had, he was almost drunk with the fact that he really did miss her. He leaned back slightly so that his mouth was only a breaths away from hers, and retracted his hand from the wall so that he could trace the line of her jaw with the back of his fingers. "Yes," He admitted quietly amongst the small room they were occupying, and she lowered her gaze that her eyes were dropped. He could almost assume she was being shy in this. "If you must terribly know, then yes, I do." "Trust you to be so blunt and truthful," She commented as she continued running her fingers through his hair at the back of his head. She met his eyes. "I almost hated you for it." "You've always hated me when we first met," He told her, pressing a kiss at the corner of her mouth. "Almost killed me when we were sparring, the bruise on my thigh lasted me for a whole week." She hummed in agreement, trailing her finger so that it ran down to his collar bone. "You were a threat, if I let you beat me in anything, we would have switched places for now." "Praetor Jason," He mused, laughter bubbling at his throat as he moved his lips to the end of her jaw line. "It does not sound as horrible as you would think, I quite like it." He could feel her fingers squeezing his shoulder briefly when he let his teeth graze there. "So you think," She sounded a bit strangled. "I think it sounds horrible." "So you think," He echoed her words as he occupied himself by letting his hands run down her sides. "You would have been under me then." She kissed him again to shut him up.