of emotion. 'Oh – oh Gods Nico. I'm so sorry. I – I mean, I don't know what to say. Does, does anyone else, do they know? Or have you just … did you have to keep it to yourself?' I wondered if I should tell him about my meeting with Cupid, and how I had been forced to reveal my feelings in front of Jason. But no; it would be better not too. I didn't want them talking about me behind my back, pitying me. I would let him think that he was the only one I had told. 'No. I – I don't really bring it up in conversations very much.' My weak attempt at a joke fell flat on its face; Percy was far too deep in thought to notice anything humorous. There was a cute little crinkle between his eyes, and his lips slanted downwards at the corners. I just wanted to take his face in my hands and kiss the frown right off, but I feared that may just multiply the internal torment, rather than doing anything to relieve it. I stayed quiet after this, wanting to give him some time to process these things before dumping the next insane shitstorm upon him. I'm not sure how the radio silence was going down from Percy's end, but on mine it was boarding the awkwardness intensity roller coaster, and beginning the upwards climb. I was busy picking at a stray strand of thread peeking out from the seam of my jeans when his next words came. 'Is, is it - is there anyone … in particular?' Now was it. Now was the time for confession. 'Yes … And the thing I wanted to tell you is, well, that person is …' It was about then when my brain caught up with my mouth. 'Holy fuck, what are you doing?!' It shrieked furiously. 'You're going to completely destroy your friendship! He'll never want to speak to you again!' I told my brain to shut the fuck up and that i knew what I was doing. I'd thought about all this. I was ready for the consequences. Wasn't I? Oh sweet Jesus this was too fucking much. What was I even thinking? I couldn't tell him how I felt; he'd wouldn't even be able to look me in the eye. And what about me … I didn't think I could stand being in the same room as him. I'd be constantly on edge, certain not to say or do anything that could be taken the wrong way. This would herald the end of friendship, of that I was certain. I couldn't do it. So what if it meant any chance of a romance between us was even further decreased. At least I could stay with him, be near him. Percy, surprisingly enough, seemed to realise that I was feeling a little unsure about opening up completely. I guess it was just so bloody obvious even he couldn't miss it. He scooted forward, laying a comforting hand on my knee that kinda made me want to cry, and looked deep into my eyes. 'It's okay Nico.' he said soothingly, kindly. 'I'm cool with whatever decision you've made. It doesn't weird me out or anything. You've obviously been carrying this for a long time; it'll feel better if you get it off your chest.' Oh fuck. Now he expected me to tell him who the lucky guy was. And I had just decided there was no way in Hades he could ever know. I glanced around frantically, looking for ideas, a way to escape, a weapon with which to concuss him … anything that would get me the heck out of here. Coming up empty handed, I was forced to look him in the eye and give a grimace-smile, reverting to Plan B. Unfortunately, all Plan B seemed to consist of was a lot of stammering and 'No, I – I didn't really mean that, y'know …' Percy patted my knee, eyes staring into my soul with all the acceptance he could muster. Yep. I was feeling pretty fucking accepted. Didn't mean I was going to tell him though. We remained in the exact same position for all of two minutes before I finally pulled away, sliding off the bed and backing away from the boy who remained on it. 'Come on Nico.' he said, jutting out his bottom lip and turning the puppy dog eyes up to full blast. 'You know you can tell me anything.' I just shook my head, heading for the door. 'Pleaaaaase …' The pleading tone followed me. Gods, this was going to get irritating fast. Back to him, I placed a hand on the doorknob, cool metal against my feverish skin, ready to take flight. When I spoke, i was glad to find that my tone had reverted to its usual frostiness. 'I'm sorry, but I really can't say. I never should have bothered you. Goodnight.' I began to turn the knob, when I was stopped suddenly by a strong hand clamping down on my shoulder. Percy. I hadn't even heard him get up, but he was there standing so close, his breath dancing through my hair as he whispered. 'Nico, you can't keep dealing with these things by yourself. You have to tell someone . You obviously trust me; you revealed most of it too me. Why not a little more? Goddammit, he had me there. It wasn't like I could say 'No sorry, can't tell you who I love because it's you and I don't want you to know' – that might be an invalid sort of argument. What could I do? How could I resolve this? There was only one real option. I just had to tell him. Just tell him how I feel. Just do it. I closed my eyes, winced, and let the words fall from my lips. 'It's Jason.' … Wait, what the fuck did I just say?!