Science lab blew up then Mr. Thorn sent me to the principals office and then he told me I'm expelled, so, here I am, cleaning out my locker." He then turned to the other guys and said. "Hear that guys? Thorn pulled it off." They all smiled and started turning all there attention towards me. "What're you guys talking about?" None of them answered, instead, they all slowly started to change shape. "Whoa! What the heck? What are you?!" The guy that talked to me before, I'm assuming he's their leader, spoke up. "We're telkhines, and you're lunch." He said with a wicked grin on his, is that a dog face? "Maybe you should try the cafeteria, I heard it has chicken fingers that taste just like real fingers." One of them poked their head out and asked. "Really?" The leader shot him a death glare and said. "No you fool! He's lying to you!" The other, what did he say, telkhine? The other telkhine whimpered and stood back behind another one of them. The leader sighed and looked back at me. "They're so stupid sometimes. Now, where were we? Oh yeah, we were about to eat you." He started to walk closer to me and was a few feet away before I shouted. "Wait! What if I give you fish flavored dog bones?" One of them shouted. "Really?" And another said. "That's impossible! There's no such thing!" Then another shouted. "Show us!" Then the leader turned around and yelled. "Lies! All lies!" I then grabbed my backpack and shouted to all of them. "No! It's true! I have them in this backpack right here!" They all turned to look at me. "Really?" One of them asked, I looked at the one who asked the question and said. "Yes, in fact, I'll give them to you right now, hold on, just give me a second." I started to unzip it a little bit before I stopped and used all my body weight to swing the backpack at the leader, knocking him back a few feet when another charged me and I kicked him in the stomach and knocked the air out of him. "That's gotta hurt" I said to him then punched one that was coming at my left before throwing the backpack at another one and grabbing Razor's cage and running out of there. I ran out of the locker room with the telkhines right behind me when a kid walked into the hallway, his name was Allan, he has short blond hair, he's about 5'5", and he was annoying. He always wanted to be my friend, but I always said no because he kept asking me questions like 'who's you're favorite Greek god?' 'What would you want as a super power' 'if you could be the son of one of the Greek gods, who would it be?' and wether or not I wanted to hang out with him. I shouted to him. "Hey! Allan! Get out of here!" I kept running getting closer and closer to him, he didn't move an inch. "Hey did you hear me? Run!" He then realized what was happening but didn't move that much, he kept waving at me and shouting. "Come on! Hurry!" And took small steps back. After a few seconds, I was right by Allan and he started to run with me. He then asked. "Why are telkhines chasing you?" Hearing him say telkhines made me wonder how he knew about them so I asked him. "How do you know what they're called?" Instead of answering he just said. "It doesn't matter, come on! We've gotta make it outside!" We kept running with the telkhines slowly catching up. Pretty soon we made it to the doors of the school, Allan opened them and we ran out. He then told me to hide behind the steps on our right so I did, meanwhile, he was waving his hands shouting things at the telkhines, they finally got out of the doors and Allan ran the other way with the telkhines right on his tail. I peaked out to see them running after him while he was pulling something from his pocket. One of the telkhines slowed down and turned to look back at me, I whipped my head back so he couldn't see me even though I'm pretty sure he did. "Crud" was all I could say. I took the right glove from my pocket and put it on, it turned into the gauntlet. I slowly started to peak out to look for the telkhine, I saw him about thirty feet away with another one, they were coming fast so I got up and started crouching behind the wall of the steps. When they were a few feet away, I jumped out and punched the first one in the face making him whimper and fall to the ground, the other one had a bronze colored knife in his left hand, he tried to stab me but I parried it by using the back of my right hand to slap it aside, I then proceeded to grab his wrist with my left hand and then grabbed his left shoulder with my right hand and got him in a chicken wing for a second then threw him on the ground and punched his back, then, he disappeared, vanished, like the spikes sucked him in. I wasn't paying attention because the other one came up from behind and got me in a choke hold, I tried to break free but couldn't, so I elbowed his ribs causing him to let go then spinning 180 degrees punching his face with a right hook making him disappear too. "Whoa" I said, adrenaline rushing through my whole body. "That was slightly stranger then a giant bunny." I looked around to see no sign of Allan, but I didn't have a choice, I grabbed Razors cage and ran. CLIFFHANGER! Please don't hate me lol, don't forget to review please!