area. Leo silently flipped on the intercom and we heard the music Tom was playing and I was surprised. The music he was playing was so sad and mournful I felt like I just wanted to cry forever. I looked at the group and saw similar reactions on the faces of my friends. Then Tom surprised us all when he started singing, Your plane is boarding, got to Cross the ocean all alone My heart is stone You need to figure out the Things that plague you here at home I'll carry on At this point we all just started clapping. Tom turned around, saw us and immediately started blushing. Camden asked over the intercom, "Tom that was amazing, what song is that?" "Well, I doubt it's a song you've ever heard." "Well duh, who's it by?" Tom looked down at the guitar and said, "Me." "How long have you been writing it? Is it finished?" "No, it isn't finished yet, I've only been writing it for a week or two." "It's beautiful." Tom just looked down in embarrassment. "Come on guys, food'll be here any minute now." Tom gave me a grateful look and I nodded in understanding. Tom then followed the rest of us down to the living room to eat our luxurious prom night dinner. After we all finished eating, we started piling into the limo and head to where prom was being held. -Location cut (Goode High Auditorium) - Nico POV I knew I should at least try to have fun at this thing but the fact that Thalia was here with and we were dancing together made it really hard to. I was too busy trying not to act like an asshole, which made me suck at dancing. I saw Percy and Annabeth across the room dancing perfectly together. Percy saw me and smiled reassuringly; I answered by rolling my eyes. I glanced at Thalia, which was a mistake, and was instantly distracted. Our feet got tripped up causing the both of us to fall to the floor. Luckily, I cushioned Thali's fall, but unfortunately her knee smashed my balls. "Oh Nico, are you ok?" I groaned out, "No not really. Are you ok though?" "I'm fine, you dumbass? What did I hit?" "My uh…..." Thalia got the message, and started laughing her ass off. "I'm so happy that you find my pain so humorous." I said sarcastically. Thalia was laughing so hard she wasn't even making any noise. I started laughing when I noticed the face she was making; leaving us both in a fit of laughter. We were brought out of the moment at the sound of Annabeth shouting, "What the fuck Percy!? What the hell do you think you're doing!?" Thalia and I ran over to where Annabeth was standing. She was distancing herself from Percy. I looked at her eyes and was shocked to find they were full of fear. Camden ran over and immediately asked, "Annabeth, what happened?" Annabeth took a moment to respond then said, "This bastard tried to make me have sex with him." I stood there in shock. I couldn't believe Percy would ever do that and from the looks of our friends, neither could they. Tom walked up behind me and whispered in my ear, "Hey what's going on?" "Percy tried to force Annabeth to have sex with him." Tom just nodded, walked up to Percy, slugged him right in the jaw. The whole group was shocked at Tom's act of aggression. After Percy fell, Tom helped him up and brought him into a brotherly embrace. "What happened man?" Tom asked. "I don't know, I think I had a little too much to drink." "You tried to force Annabeth to have sex with you man." I saw Percy's fall, and in that moment I knew he didn't mean anything that had happened just now. Annabeth and the girls still looked utterly pissed, but the rest of the guys had calmed down. Tom POV After I had helped Percy up and talked to him, I noticed the group was splitting into two rival factions. The girls seemed to "back" Annabeth while the guys sided with Percy. Both Annabeth and Percy noticed this too and looked at me expectantly. I just shook my, refusing to take a side. Annabeth said, "Tom come on, what he did could be charged as rape." I shot back, "Did you see the way his face fell when I told him? He was devastated." Percy spoke up, "Sooo does that mean?" "Fuck no, you know better not to drink. You're at fault for this more than Annabeth, but I know she's been drinking too. That's why I know she isn't acting rationally." Percy's face contorted with rage, "Tom, it's her or me. You have to choose." I felt my heart fall, "Percy don't make me choose between my two best friends." Annabeth chimed in, "You can't stay neutral in this one Tom. Percy's right, him or me." Tears began forming in my eyes, "Guys, I can't. I love you two too much to be able to." Their reactions were enough to get their message across, 'If I didn't choose, they didn't want anything to do with me.' I looked to the rest of the group for help, but was greeted with the same expression, 'They're right.' I nodded my head in defeat. I said, "Well I guess that's it then. You are all going to throw years of friendship out the goddamn window all because of a stupid ass mistake. I guess I was never truly part of all this anyway. I hope you all do well after high school, as I doubt to see any of you again. A/N: Alright so that's Chapter 1 of my new story, the song I used was "For You" by All That Remains. Anyway, I hoped you guys liked this nice long opener. Don't forget to review, I love hearing from you guys. Peace out guys.