was sprawled out on his back, snoring loudly. It was surprising how loud he could be, even for an eight-year-old. Shaking her head fondly, Alexandria moved forward and leaned down to press a gentle kiss against her twin brother's cheek, brushing her hand through the messy and ruffled raven black locks that matched her own. ''I'm going to leave for a bit, Percy,'' she whispered quietly, as if he could truly hear her words. ''It'll only be for a little while though. I promise I'll come back. Love you, Percy.'' Leaning down, she pressed a kiss to the crown of his head before straightening and slowly walking out of the room, closing the door behind her silently. There was a swooshing sound before Poseidon appeared on Olympus. His daughter was curled up in his arms, still dressed in her green and black pajamas and holding onto her white Pegasus plushy with one hand, the other arm wrapped around her father's neck as she hid her face in the crook of his neck. Feeling her father shift slightly as his feet touched ground again, Alexandria lifted her head and looked around, her sea-green eyes widening at her surroundings as she released her father, allowing him to set her down on her feet. Alexandria looked around in awe and interest, curiously eyeing her surroundings. This was Olympus. It was exactly like she had expected it to be and more, in fact. The room they were standing in alone was enormous, towering over Alexandria's tiny frame. Everything was gold and a little bit of silver. Despite her heritage, Alexandria actually felt like she didn't belong here. Sure, she admired the view and scenery but she didn't feel as if she belonged here. No matter what her father told her, Alexandria knew that this trip would not last forever. Something inside of her rejected the thought of staying here permanently and she just knew instinctively that she didn't belong here. Sooner or later, Alexandria would have to return to her brother, whether her father or anyone else liked it or not. ''Ah,'' her father spoke, drawing her attention away from the room to him as he smiled, looking past her at something. ''Hello Lady Artemis.'' Alexandria's eyes widened as she spun to face the direction her father was smiling at, her eyes widening even more in awe as she looked at the woman that she had read about and admired for years. She was small but still a few inches taller than Alexandria, looking about sixteen in age. Her skin was as pale as the moon and her hair was shoulder-length, burning a fire red in the light of the room. Her eyes were what attracted the most attention however. They were an intense, stormy grey, seeming to pierce straight through you to your soul. Her eyes scanned over Alexandria from head to toe, completely bypassing Poseidon altogether. Her brow furrowed lightly as she tilted her head to the side slightly, studying the eight-year-old girl. Seeing this, Alexandria quickly shuffled over to her father, hiding behind his legs, peeking out from the side at the goddess occasionally, her arm still clutching her white Pegasus plushy tightly. ''Alexandria, this is Lady Artemis,'' her father started, gesturing to Artemis, who was still studying Alexandria intently. ''Lady Artemis, this is my daughter, Alexandria Valentina Jackson.'' ''Hello little one,'' Artemis spoke, her voice soft and motherly as she stepped closer, her attention focused on Alexandria as her eyes softened. Her shyness slowly faded a little as Alexandria stepped out from behind her father's leg, looking up at the goddess with a timid but warm smile. ''I'm Alex. It's very nice to meet you, Lady Artemis,'' she replied, her voice quiet as she smiled hesitantly up at the goddess, who's eyes softened even more as her peach-colored lips twitched into a soft smile. ''It is nice to meet you as well, Alex,'' she responded, smiling warmly down at the young eight-year-old girl, whose eyes brightened, shining brighter than any jewel at the goddess's positive response. ''Alex, I have a few things for you,'' Poseidon said, moving to kneel in front of his daughter, who gazed at him with expectant eyes, patiently waiting. ''This will alert me to anything bad happening. All you have to do is press the pearl and help will come.'' He reached into his jacket and pulled out something, leaning forward to loop it around her neck. Alexandria looked down, gently gripping her new present from her father and studying it curiously. It was a small seahorse pendant hanging on a fragile silver chain. The seahorse was made of light silver, shining in the dim light of the room and standing out against her olive tanned skin. Every feature of the animal was painstakingly done, each detail delicately and carefully done. At the bottom of the pendant, in the seahorse's curled tail, a cream colored pearl rested, gleaming in the light. ''Give me your hand,'' her father held out his and she did as she was told, watching as he wrapped a thin silver chain bracelet around her wrist. There was a single charm hanging from the chain, a tiny, silver trident charm. ''That's your first weapon. Lady Artemis will teach you how to use it. So, what do you think, Alex?'' ''I love it, both of them,'' she smiled up at her father, her eyes warm and glittering brightly. ''Thank you, Daddy.'' ''You're welcome, sweetheart,'' Poseidon smiled as he placed a kiss on her forehead before standing, brushing a lock of hair back from her face as she beamed up at him. ''I have some business to attend to. Go with Lady Artemis, Alex, and she'll show you where you're going to be living.'' ''Alright, Daddy,'' she nodded, leaning up on her tiptoes to wrap her thin arms around his waist, hugging him. ''Love you, Daddy. Bye!'' She moved over to Artemis, taking the goddess's hand and following after her as Artemis led her away.