cot, where the blood covered gauzes and cottons were left scattered there in a rush. "For what I've done." She searched his hunched figure, the glasses he wore almost sat at the tip of his nose. It was truly different seeing him the way he was. She almost didn't recognise him, inside and out. It frightened her that he was indeed not the same boy she had been close with during the time when everything had been easier, much easier than before. "If it makes you any better," She began as softly. "None of this is our fault. Fate took its course, and we just have to suck it up and move on," She let out breath, shaking her head as she leaned on the wooden pillar, her own shoulders drooping. "You can't apologize for something you have no control over." "Yeah well, I was being rude to not even talk to you before this, so I think I should really apologize for what I did," He looked at her then, a small smile on his lips. "You're still my friend, Reyna, I couldn't just throw it all away," Then it disappeared, shame flooded in his eyes as he looked away again. "I'm just sorry that we're not what I used to think we would be, and for letting you feel miserable about it." She froze at his words. "You always knew, didn't you?" She asked softly, avoiding his eyes as she watched Will a dozen beds away as he looked for more supplies in the cabinets, a throng of healers circled around him as they asked more for their patients. He squirmed in his seat, wincing now and then. "I did, and I could say I felt the same way." She looked at him sharply, her eyes narrowing at his remark. "I remembered your name when I first woke up," He continued. "But I didn't know how you looked like, or how you sound like at first, just someone called Reyna, and some sort of connection," He trailed off, before steeling himself again. "All I know that we were close, but I was too late to realised when I saw how much it hurt you in the end, now-" "You want to apologise because you think you hurt me," She cut him off in a low tone, sitting beside him so that they could talk in hush tones. "To which you did, but I accept your apology," She could feel him looking at her as she stared at her wringed fingers. "There's nothing we could have done, so I suggest we put this behind us," She met his gaze, and she reminded herself to keep calm. "And I'm sorry for what I did as well, for being so childish towards everything. I was just so worried about you when you vanished, I almost agreed with the others that you might actually have died. And suddenly you landed on Camp Jupiter with the Greeks," She ended her words in a whisper. She was surprised when he hugged her, perching his chin on her head. "I'm sorry," He said quietly, and she hesitantly wrapped her arms around his middle, careful not to be so hard. "I'm so sorry." When they withdrew, he gave a very Jason grin. "Hey, I could still win when I spar with you, I remember the prize being a bag of jellybeans." She chuckled. "Oh please, I won most of them, they're probably stale by now." He made a face. "They're hard as rocks when they're off date, it's disgusting." This time, she really did laugh, pushing his glasses back to its place. "You need to wear them properly, it ticks me off when they looked like they're going to fall of your nose soon." He snorted. "OCD much?" Then, his look soften. "You'll be fine?" She took a breath. "I will be," She gave a weary smile. "Just don't do anything stupid that might chase Piper off, or Annabeth and I will kick your ass." He was about to reply when finally Will came back, looking out of breath as he dump some supplies on the small table. "Right," He faced towards them, raising an eyebrow when he saw her. "Not to be rude or anything, but you're still here, Reyna?" She stood up, plastering a look of boredom. "Just wanted to discuss some things with him, Nurse Solace," She replied. "Nothing more." Jason snickered when Will rolled his eyes at her. "Hah, that's hilarious, never knew you had it in you," He started to take out some cotton out of its box. "Whatever, just come back if anything needs stitching up." She raised an eyebrow at Jason, to which he replied with a smirk of his own. "I heard you're going to make an announcement later, I'll see you later then?" She nodded. "Yes," She gave a tiny smile. "Thank you." He shook his head. "I should be the one thanking you." She responded with a twitch of a smile, making her way out of the place as she left Will to tend to Jason's injury, chuckling under her breath when she heard the curly haired boy's words. "What is it with you and Percy always getting a broken bone? Is it against a bro code if you don't ?" For once, she felt the weight lifted up entirely off her shoulders. No longer did she felt anything that might bring her down, and now that she and Jason were on good terms, things were better than before. There was another person she wanted to settle problems with. She saw the girl at the dock after a few minutes of looking for her and took a deep breath, her footsteps thumped on the floor as the daughter of Venus stared down at the water in deep thought. The words of the girl's mother swirled in her mind. You will not find love where you wish or where you hope. No demigod shall heal your heart.