family. I'm not sure I could sneak to the bathroom to get my toiletries, so I promise myself to buy a toothbrush and toothpaste as soon I can. When Hanna returns, I've got my backpack on, along with a fleece jacket and rain-pants, and I'm scribbling a note as fast as my brain can come up with a reasonable explanation for leaving. One I finish my note and set it lovingly on my bed, Hanna's on me again. She gestures outside. "I'll catch you, I promise," and leaps out the window for the second time. A cold wind is blowing outside and I can't see anything. After the battle of the labyrinth, I'm not afraid of much, but jumping out of a two storey window seems a little iffy to me. I can see the contours of Hanna's white coat moving in the darkness, then a light shines in my face. "I'm ready when you are!" She calls. I gulp. This is it. This is my big moment, my one to decide what I want to do for the rest of my life. This choice is pivotal. I jump. " I pledge myself to the Goddess Artemis. I turn my back on the company of men, accept eternal maidenhood, and join the hunt." The hellhounds attacked at dawn, on my sixth day of being a hunter. New huntresses must stay with Artemis for six months to ensure they can survive when not on call. Hanna left for Camp HalfBlood as soon as she dropped me off, so I'm without friends here. It's kind of lonely, but I'm training too hard to really think about it. I'm feeling ridiculously proud of myself. Before last year, I had never even seen a fistfight in real life, much less participated. But now, I'm able to fight against monsters and survive. Compared to the average demigod, I suck, but compared to a human... As a hunter, I fight with celestial bronze knives. I cannot wield a bow in a way that could not accidentally hurt my allies, so I'm stabbing the hellhounds instead. While my knives are cool, the girl next to me is slinging nuggets at them. Slinging . I wonder when she was recruited. When we win, it's the best feeling ever. I've never been in a fight where we didn't lose half our group to the enemy before, so this is a definite step up from the battle of the labyrinth. All around me, hunters cheer and I couldn't be happier. This is where I belong. "Can I call you Lizzie?" I almost tumble off the tree branch I'm sitting in, completely blindsided. I look down. The girl speaking to me is Anika, one of the huntresses who had helped me kill the hellhound. "Say what?" She asks again. "Can I call y-" "Lizzie," I interrupted. "You want to call me Lizzie" "Yes! Exactly!" Anika leans forward slightly, her smiles excited and seemingly friendly, if I hadn't seen her masterfully sling small celestial bronze nuggets at an attacking hellhound less than an hour ago, I'd have thought she was harmless. Is she secretly a wacko-crazy person or something? How the heck do I respond to that? Bluntly apparently, "What the heck do you mean? Is this come kind of test? An inside joke? A code phrase I'm supposed to pick up on? "Gods no, why would it be?" Well, how should I know the social customs l of huntresses that live in the wilderness and fight monsters with a maiden goddess? Styx, I'm too defensive! Can she tell? Does she care? Should I do s- "Elle is short Elizabeth, and so is Lizzie!" Say whaaaaaat? "But I'm not Elizabeth, I'm just Elle!" I inform her ashamedly. It's the unfortunate truth. I've always wanted a more complicated name; one with more than one syllable, one that doesn't sound like 'El' from Spanish or mean 'she' in French After third grade, the novelty of having a name that can be spelt forwards and backwards wore off completely, leaving behind the endless list of classmates, peers and school teachers all confusing 'Elle' with 'Ella'. "Doesn't mean you're not a Lizzie; you're definitely a Lizzie." She's smiling even bigger now. She doesn't have dimples or twinkling eyes, but it's become the nicest, most genuine smile directed at me since I left camp. I feel better about my choice; I'll have allies, friends even, who can smile like that. She's also just analyzed my personality enough to give me a nickname I won't hate (how did she know?) from an encounter when fighting and a five minute conversation. I don't know whether I should respect her or run screaming from her stalker-like tendencies. Choosing the former, I scoot over on my tree branch. "Okay then. Sure. Do you want to sit here?" And no, it won't be sunshine and rainbows from here on out. Kronos is still out there, monsters still spawn from Tartarus, and heroes still die. I need to figure out how I can balance school with my "extra-curricular activities", and I need to get a summer job so I can pay for more five-hundred dollar plane tickets should I ever need them. Additional Notes: The cost for plane tickets from to fly from Portland to Long Island, and the amount of time it would take are approximations from various travel agencies. I don't think the hunters of Artemis actually do rotations, but I read on Wiki that in mythology Artemis only had twenty or so hunters with her at a time and went from there. It's my personal headcanon. Lady Jo's doesn't exist, but is loosely based on a private school I once went to on an exchange trip As it isn't really clear in the story, this takes place between The Titan's Curse and The Last Olympian. Elle starts out thirteen. This fic was written for my best friend's birthday; Elle is (loosely) based on her. Have a great day A! ~Girl-who-lived-in-FAIRYLAND