kind of ironic. The last time she had seen him, he had taken Percy away. Well, he hadn't actually taken Percy away, but he might as well have. Whoever set this reality show up had a seriously twisted mind. "You haven't lived very long, if you still believe that." The demigod looked slightly perturbed by her words but didn't seem very deterred by it. "You said something about a curse," he mentioned. Calypso flexed her fingers, trying not to strangle the demigod on the spot. Did he have to be so curious? Well, it was better to answer him now before he started snooping around in search for answers to sate his own curiosity. "Yes. I cannot leave Ogygia. My father, Atlas, fought against the gods, and I supported him." "Atlas," the demigod echoed distantly. "As in the Titan Atlas?" Calypso rolled her eyes; who else would it be? "Yes, you impossible little..." She managed to bite back an insult. "I was imprisoned here, where I could cause the Olympians no trouble. About a year ago, after the Second Titan War, the gods vowed to forgive their enemies and offer amnesty. Supposedly Percy made them promise—" She was getting too lost in memories but luckily, before she could ramble any further, the demigod cut her off. "Percy. Percy Jackson?" Of all the demigods who had to land on her island, it had to be one who knew her most recent flame. She squeezed her eyes shut, and a tear trickled down her cheek. She hadn't realized how much hearing his full name hurt. The fact that it came from someone else's lips made it that much worse. Some part of her had kept Percy's memory as hers and hers only. The fact that he didn't really belong to her stung in her heart. "Percy came here," the demigod concluded more softly than before. She could hear the pity in his voice. "I—I thought I would be released. I dared to hope...but I am still here." Because the gods were just so caught up in their own problems that they didn't even give reprieve to a poor girl in love. "You're that lady," the demigod said suddenly after a moment of silence. Calypso's heart gave a jolt at this. Did Percy talk about her? And here she had thought he'd gone and forgotten her! Then the demigod went on to ruin the mood by saying, "The one who was named after Carribbean music." Was he serious? She glared at him. "Caribbean music." Did he honestly have nothing decent to say? "Yeah. Reggae?" She was about two seconds from strangling him now. "Merengue? Hold on, I'll get it." Scratch that, she was going to strangle him right now. "Calypso!" he finally said. Her heart gave a sudden jolt when he said her name, but she wasn't quite sure why. "But Percy said you were awesome. He said you were all sweet and helpful, not, um...," the demigod trailed off awkwardly. So Percy had talked about her! She shot to her feet, wondering what this demigod's impression of her was. "Yes?" "Uh, nothing," he mumbled. "Would you be sweet if the gods forgot their promise to let you go? Would you be sweet if they laughed at you by sending another hero, but a hero who looked like—" she couldn't find a good way to phrase his un-hero-like looks, "—like you? " The demigod didn't look surprised by her analysis of him. Instead, he frowned slightly. "Is that supposed to be a trick question?" Obviously this demigod was not the smartest of the bunch. " Di Immortales! " She couldn't take this anymore and marched away. "Hey!" he called after her. Gods, couldn't he leave her alone? It wasn't that hard! She was at the washbasin, cleaning the dirt from her skin when he appeared in her sight. She scowled at him but didn't have the energy to yell at him anymore. The demigod cleared his throat. "So...I get why you're angry. You probably never want to see another demigod again. I guess that didn't sit right when, uh, Percy left you—" The way he said 'left you' made Calypso feel impossibly small and vulnerable, which she was definitely not . "He was only the latest. Before him, it was that pirate Drake. And before him, Odysseus. They were all the same! The gods send me the greatest heroes, the ones I cannot help but..." "You fall in love with them. And then they leave you." His tone was oddly detached with only scientific curiosity. "That is my curse," she admitted. "I had hoped to be free of it by now, but here I am, still stuck on Ogygia after three thousand years." "Three thousand," the demigod echoed softly. "Uh, you look good for three thousand," he said almost shyly. It was then that she remembered he was also a hero stuck on her island. And according to her curse, she was supposed to fall in love with him. With him . "And now...the worse insult of all." Because the gods obviously didn't think they tortured Calypso enough. "The gods mock me by sending you ." She knew she was being harsh, but it was honest. He was not the typical handsome hero that Calypso usually fell in love with at first sight. He was just a boy on the cusp of adulthood. And he had too much sarcasm for her to take. She could see the anger and hurt on his expression. "Fine," he snapped. "I'll leave you alone. I'll build something myself and get off this stupid island without your help." Oh, if things were so simple. She shook her head sadly at his confidence. "You don't understand, do you? The gods are laughing at both of us. If the raft will not appear, that means they've closed Ogygia. You're stuck here the same as me. You can never leave." By the look on his face, he didn't believe it. TBC