you need a little more practice." Thoughts of Hell plagued Nico and he reached down to grip tightly at the demon killing knife. "Fuck off," he managed through gritted teeth. Bryce laughed. "Really? Two against a dozen or so demon? You have to be kidding me." Without a warning, the demons launched themselves at Will and Nico. They fought them off as best as they could – Will doing a deadly dance with his angel blade, and Nico stumbling to survive. Will's fighting style was entrancing and rigid – like he was programmed to fight this way. Still, bodies fell around him – either smote or killed with the angel blade. Nico was distracted enough that he let his guard slip and Bryce was upon him. He held Nico by the neck tightly enough that the hunter could barely breathe and his other hand snapped the wrist that was holding the demon killing knife. Nico cried out and dropped the blade. Bryce kicked it aside as he brought his face toward Nico. "I miss you down in Hell," Bryce said, running his hand down Nico's chest. "Hey, do you think if I kill you right here, you'll end up right back on the rack? I can think of so many fun things to do to you." Nico flinched at the thought and tried to think of a way to escape. Bryce could easily snap his neck like this, and Nico didn't want to find out whether his soul would return to Hell. "Hell misses you too, bastard," he heard Will say, and something plunged into Bryce's body from behind. He was surprised enough that he dropped Nico. He fell onto the floor, hands reaching up to his neck as he gasped for breath. He looked up, hoping to see the angel blade sticking out of Bryce's body, but was disappointed to see that it was only a broken wooden foot of a stool. Before Bryce could return to his senses, a battered Will grabbed Nico's arm firmly and teleported them away. When they landed, Nico immediately fell to the ground. The teleportation thing Will did always left him disorientated and nauseous, but now he felt nauseous for an entirely different reason. He brought his knees up to his face and wrapped his arms around his legs. Will had brought them to an alleyway in who knew where, but Nico didn't care as long as he was away from Bryce and his threats and promises. He felt so weak. He rubbed his eyes with the back of his hand and was relieved to find that they were dry. Still, it didn't take away the pain in his chest. "I'm so fucking pathetic," Nico whispered out loud. "No, you're not," came Will's insistent voice. The blue-eyed angel was kneeling in front of him, and Nico had never felt so pitiful in his entire life. "You're the strongest man I have ever met." "Maybe because I am the only man you've ever met," Nico spat, suddenly feeling vicious and wanting to lash out at the angel. If he said enough hurtful things, maybe Will would leave him and never return. He didn't deserve someone as good and worthy as Will. The angel would be better off without Nico dragging him down. The angel let out a huff, and Nico knew that he had heard his thoughts somehow. "You're not, believe me," Will said. "And I'm not going to leave you. You're my charge, and you are worthy, all right? No more dark moody things, please." His tone was pleading. Nico felt tired, and scared, and sad. "So that's all I am to you," he said. "Your charge. A burden. I get it." He laughed self-deprecatingly. Nico didn't understand why he was walking down this path. This wasn't the time for his to mope over his unrequited feelings. But Will was stubborn. "That's not what I mean!" the angel almost shouted. He lowered his voice when Nico flinched. "I care about you, but you're so self-destructive sometimes that I don't even know what to do with you!" He paused and Nico looked up to see Will's blue eyes wrought with concern and pain. "I care more than I'm allowed to," he finally said. "So don't…don't throw away your life. Don't throw this away." He swallowed and finally looked up at the angel who had saved him – literally – from the depths of Hell. Right now, he looked so human in the moonlight that Nico just wanted to kiss him. He wanted to pull him down so that their lips met and he could forget about the things that Bryce said and did to him in Hell. He could forget about the unwanted touching and the screaming and the pain. So Nico did exactly that before his courage failed him. Will allowed the touch, kissing Nico back with a ferocity that was all love without lust. Nico fell into the kiss, letting the angel guide him through it. He pressed his hands into his soft hair and held on as Will's tongue swept inside of his mouth. When they pulled apart, they were both panting and Will was looking at him with wide blue eyes. There were no words necessary and Nico held tightly onto Will, heart beating wildly against his ribcage. Will was his solace, and he'd be damned if he let the angel slip through his fingers before he could heal all the dark crevices within his soul that he had missed when he restored Nico. And maybe healing was a long process, especially after what Bryce and the demons did to him. But with Will's hand rubbing calming circles onto his collarbone and breathing into the hollow of his neck, Nico could feel his heart slowly mend together again. -end A/N: I might continue this 'verse depending on my mood and if a lot of people enjoyed it. Speaking of, if you liked it, a review would be very kind! :)