one cell in her body had been opposed to his presence. It had been months before she let Luke hold her hand in public. Hell, they barely touched now, in their so-called and complicated relationship that wasn't really a relationship. And then tonight, she hadn't even flinched when Percy had clasped their hands together. They'd never make it in time. It wasn't due to lack of faith, as Percy claimed. It was just plain impossible. There were just too many people, too many blockades, too much, too much. They weren't halfway across the Square, and there was only five minutes to go until midnight. Realizing this, Annabeth planted her feet, tugging Percy backward. He whirled to face her, and immediately was jostled much too close to her. And again, not a single cell of her being complained. "What is it?" He called over the pure noise of the crowd. "We're not going to make it!" Percy shook his head adamantly. But Annabeth spoke before he could. "It's okay. Really." She squeezed his hand in hers to show him how alright it really was, and his eyebrows furrowed. "Only a minute left to go!" Someone beside them screamed, their voice joining in all of the shouts and cheers. "I mean, the whole point is a stupid kiss at midnight. So what's the use if you miss midnight?" Annabeth laughed, feeling her stomach leap nervously. "Maybe you're right. New Years has really become a couples' holiday." "20…19…18…17…" "Now you see why I avoided that party." And Percy's grin was back, making her stomach leap again. "11…10…9…8…7…" "It's such a silly tradition really. The kissing part. The Spanish eat twelve grapes at midnight." She wasn't sure where that fact had come from. "That sounds so much more fun than kissing." Percy said, his green eyes flickering over her face, even as the ball lit up the night as it sank lower and lower, the shouts growing louder and louder in "3…2…1!" "Midnight." Annabeth pointed out for no real reason at all. The tune of 'Auld Lang Syne' filled the Square, and her mind flashed the image of Luke standing at Broadway alone just before she tilted her head up, moving closer to this boy she'd just met only hours ago, who made her laugh, who made her feel like the world was made just for two, who was angling his head down toward her and their noses brushed, and she felt his fingers tighten their grip on her hand as their lips met and— And it felt like they'd been submerged underwater. The world went silent to her ears. All she was aware of was Percy's hand in hers, his other reaching up to hold the side of her neck, and how their lips folded together. Of their own volition, her arms wound around his neck, Percy's hands took purchase on her waist and pulled her so she arched against him, simultaneously deepening the kiss. Annabeth couldn't remember for the life of her how long she remained there, wrapped up contently in Percy's arms. Kissing him was an otherworldly experience that she never wanted to return from. But the real world called. People were shoving them as the pause of thousands of kisses returned to exuberance as Frank Sinatra's voice crooned, echoing through the streets. When Annabeth opened her eyes again, Percy's green ones were not far away. She wanted to pull him back, but Percy's hands held her head. He muttered something, but the noise upon noise was back. "What?" "Your phone is buzzing." Percy told her, his mouth right against her ear. Of course. Of course now you call back, Annabeth cursed in her head, struggling to reach her pocket. Sure enough, Luke's name lit up her buzzing phone urgently. Her thumb was poised over the button to take the call, but she couldn't make it move. Annabeth could feel Percy watching her, particularly her thumb. Before she could make a decision, the buzzing stopped. Without a word, Annabeth shoved the phone back into her pocket. She looked up at Percy, daring him to say something. He did. But it wasn't what she expected to hear. "Let's get out of here." He said. She smiled, taking hold of his hand once more in response, and they maneuvered their way out of Times Square. January 1, 1:05 "This is me." Annabeth said quietly, stopping right before her apartment building. "Complicated Luke doesn't live with you, does he?" Percy asked suddenly. Annabeth shook her head as she laughed. "Why, did you want to come in?" A flush spread over his face, and he stuttered. "N-no. I was only wondering." He met her eyes. She held his stare, not wanting to turn around, away from him yet. But there was nothing left to do. "Well," A 'goodnight' was on her lips, but a small gasp escaped instead as she felt Percy slip her phone out of her hands. She failed to hide a grin as she saw him type in his phone number. "And you were lamenting that you had no numbers memorized." He rolled his eyes, but laughed all the same as he handed her phone back, their fingers brushing a little too long. "Happy New Year, Annabeth." "To you too, Percy." February 14, 8:00 am "We really need to put a stop to all of these couples' holidays." Annabeth commented, accepting the coffee cup that Percy extended to her. "This is true," he agreed, throwing an arm around her shoulders as they walked. "But what we really need to put a stop to is Jason's tendency to have couples' holiday based parties." "I agree." Annabeth laughed, gratefully curling into Percy's extra warmth he added. He paused in the sidewalk, a much easier thing to do when they weren't brimming with spectators, and angled a warm kiss on her lips, filled with the taste of coffee. "Though," he murmured thoughtfully. "They are easier to bear when you're actually a part of a couple."