Will's fingers tangling in his raven hair. Nico shivered at the way it felt. He couldn't really think, Will was all he could focus on at that moment. His touch. His smell. His taste. Eventually, the two broke apart, panting as they tried to catch their breath. Nico's dark eyes met Will's bright blue ones, as he looked down at the blonde he was currently towering over. How did they already get this far? Nico didn't have much time to think on that because there was a knock at the cabin door. He scrambled off Will's lap and walked on shaky legs to the door. He yanked it open to see one of the furies standing there, a small bag in her hands. "From Lord Hades," she hissed. Nico quickly took the bag from the fury before Will could see who was there and freak out. He looked over at the other nervously, before grabbing the carving knife and beginning to work. Will got up, his tanned cheeks still red from their previous activities, but he noticed Nico's uncertainness. "What's up?" Nico shook his head as he took a jewel from the bag and began carving out a spot for it on one of the intact beds. He still had to take down some of the frames that made it look like a vampire slept there, but it would be easier to do this while there was still daylight out. Will walked over to Nico and put a hand on his shoulder, "Nico." Nico looked up at him and sighed at the concern in his eyes, much like the expression he wore when he was in the infirmary for those few days. "I just didn't want her to creep you out," he murmured. Will knelt beside Nico, a grin stretching across his face. "You're saying that to a guy whose dad had a shriveled, old spirit telling horrible, ridiculous prophesies," Will told him. Nico looked over at his boyfriend and smiled. Was he always this understanding? Will's hand went to the back of his neck, obviously nervous about something. "Which leads me to the next thing I wanted to talk to you about…" he trailed off. Nico watched him, waiting for him to continue. For some reason, the way Will was speaking was making Nico more nervous than before. "Rachel contacted Chiron. She and Ella have almost finished pulling some of the Syallbine books together and found out where the spirit of Delphi could be…" Nico dropped his carving knife and gave his full attention to Will. Did this mean…? Will dropped his hand and looked straight at Nico, "Once they put it together, Chiron has given me the quest. Once I know the prophecy, I'm going to look for the spirit of Delphi and possibly help my dad." Nico felt a lead in his stomach as it twisted in on itself. Of course, this would only happen to him. Though he couldn't agree with Chiron more, Will had to be the one to go on this quest. Who was better to find this spirit than a son of Apollo? That didn't make it less nerve-wracking. Nico forced a smile on his face, "Well, that's good Will. You will suc-" "I want you to come with me." Nico's mouth snapped shut before falling open again, "Huh?" Will offered a weak smile, "You're the Ghost King, right? You could help me find a powerful and old spirit." Nico still looked thoroughly unconvinced. Will looked at him, his expression completely serious, "I need you, Nico." Nico gave him a look, that didn't make sense. Will could ask anyone else. Maybe someone who wasn't so incompetent at times would be better. Yet, Nico found himself nodding, "Alright. I'll help you." The smile in Will's expression was worth it for Nico, it filled the other's entire face and made Nico feel a lot better about the entire situation. He cleared his throat, he needed to get some questions answered first, no need to get caught in the love-haze. "Er…who else did you plan on asking?" Will, his smile still planted on his face, moved towards Nico, reaching for the smaller boy. "Maybe Lou Ellen, we may need her magic. Prophecy is pretty much magic anyways," he responded. Will grabbed Nico's hand, lacing their fingers together. Nico tried to ignore the nerves that were threatening to take over his mind. "Wh-when would we leave?" Will wrapped his other arm around Nico's waist, pulling him close, and nuzzled his face in Nico's wild black hair. "When Rachel tells Chiron, he'll alert me and then we're off. But he warned me it won't be for a few days." Nico nodded, trying not to stiffen in Will's embrace. He was still not used to the entire open socializing and relationship thing. Thankfully, Will seemed to understand. He chuckled and kissed Nico's temple, "It's alright Angel, we'll move slow." He pulled away and reached down for the carving knife, "I'll carve and you can work the gems." Nico nodded, his own smile spreading across his face. They worked on placing the jewels in the bed frames and making them look more like actual beds. The pair joked around and shared a few kisses and stared when they thought the other wasn't looking. Nico may still be getting used to the whole acceptance thing, he may have a difficult quest in front of him after he just put an entire war behind him. He looked over at Will, who was laughing wildly at Nico's response to an earlier activity planned by Mr. D. The blonde's blue eyes sparkled and his entire face lit up with his large smile, his freckles dancing across his nose. But there's always a ray of sunshine that leads the way out of a dark cave. Obviously, this has the potential to be more. I am a bit on the fence about it though. Would anyone be interested in reading it if I were to continue?