to your beloved ocean-scape?" Even though Clarisse wasn't driving this time, the car nearly crashed at Leo's comment. "You're really pushing it Valdez." She ground out from clenched teeth. The kid just grinned cheekily at her. "I don't know, he might be onto something," Percy's voice led to only silence in the car. And Clarisse still had her stupid face. "You do owe me, Officer Wise Girl." "It is hardly professional to call me that." "You didn't mind it last night." "This is getting more sexual by the minute." Leo whispered to Clarisse. Annabeth slammed the brakes on as they reached the precinct, causing all four occupants of the car to be thrown forward a bit, caught in the momentum. "There's your ride. You got the pyro?" "I'm not a pyro!" Leo protested. Clarisse only nodded, glancing warily back at Percy Jackson. Wrenching her hat from her head, releasing stray curls of blonde hair that had escaped her tightly wound bun, Annabeth stormed into the precinct, scaring off secretaries and newbies alike. -x- Aim. Breathe. Shoot. Even through the protective earphones, Annabeth could still hear the pop her gun made as she hit the very center again. She didn't know why she'd made straight for the basement, to the shooting range. But blood was pumping through her veins that were too tightly wound together to handle it. That damn Percy Jackson had to show up. Her insides were still tied up in angry knots from that exasperating car ride. She had almost thrown herself from that car. " You do owe me, Wise Girl." She seethed, just lifting her gun and shooting without thinking through her usual process. Her bullet hit the center again. "You're a pretty good shot." That voice. His voice. Why did he have to keep showing up everywhere? "So that's how it's going to be? You're not even going to acknowledge me?" She hadn't exactly been ignoring him, but Annabeth decided to roll with it. She unloaded her gun, carefully taking off the earphones and removing the thick plastic glasses they were made to wear for protection. "Even though I extended an invitation to take you to the sea and everything." "That's exactly why I'm ignoring you." Not true, but she was angry. Angry people say irrational things. "Is that so?" "You can't keep acting like this," she made to move around him, but he blocked the doorway, taking a step close to her. "What the hell are you doing down here anyway?" "I came looking for you," he said bluntly, and a blush colored her cheeks. "And I can't keep acting like what?" "Like you know me!" "I'm not acting like I know you," Percy was again invading her personal bubble. "But I want to." "You want to what?" "I want to know you." Annabeth was thrown into a shock; feeling as if there was a whirlwind all around her at the same time she felt as if she were at the bottom of the ocean. "Is that so?" She managed, echoing his words from earlier. That stupid little smirk of his was back, making her blood boil again, though this time she wasn't sure if it was in a bad way. "It is." Percy was definitely not one of those drunk men at the bar hitting on her. His green eyes were far too serious for that, though they were sparkling with some amusement. "Even though I broke your door down?" That chuckle again, deep in his chest, rumbling like something you would call a chuckle really shouldn't. "You know, now I'm not too bitter about that for some reason." "I wonder why." "Can I know your first name now?" He may be able to get her mind to melt a bit and get her to say things she usually wouldn't, but not enough for her to send him a smirk of her own. "I think you've got to earn that." "Excuse me, you're the one that owes me!" He complained, but a spark filled him at her playing along. "Still." Annabeth only shrugged. "Taking out insurance so you will see me again, huh?" Percy asked, arching an eyebrow in her direction. "Well, like you said, you were the one who invited me to the sea." For the first time since hearing his voice down in the shooting range, she realized how close he really was. With every word they spoke, their breath mingled. If she moved just a hair's length, their lips would be— Percy seemed to realize the same thing, for his eyes darted down to her mouth then back up to her eyes. The room suddenly felt too warm for the both of them to occupy it at the same time. So instead of listening to every voice screaming inside her body, for her to close the distance that was so small , she pushed away from him. She was, after all, still in uniform. "I'll see you around, Percy." She could have sworn his eyes were a darker shade of green. Again, like every other time, he spoke again when she was almost half way out of the room. "You know I do have a cabin up in Monatauk." Slowly turning back, just like every other time, she met his eyes again. His head was tilted, regarding her, gauging her reaction. "So?" "So," he took a step closer to her again. "I don't have a car at the moment, but if you would accept my offer, I can provide the cabin if you provide the transportation." He's serious! Annabeth's eyebrows flew near her hairline, and her stomach decided to do gymnastics. She barely knew this guy! Plus she'd broken his door down! Yet… She had a feeling. And Captain Chiron always told his officers to trust their guts. "You've got a deal." His grin was enough to make her belly flip again. "As long as I don't have to sit in the back of the squad car again." "No promises."