him. The inside of the club was pulsating. The ground, made entirely of hardened glass, had strobe lighting built underneath it, giving an unreal feel to the dancers. At the far end of the club, I could see what I appeared to be a man wearing a large cartoon bear head. Judging from the discs he was spinning, he was the DJ. My target however, was not the dance floor, but the bar. Approaching the bar, I sat down at a barstool. On my left, two girls sat. I assumed they were twins, judging from their similar facial features and age. One twin was wearing a red and black dress, while the other wore a light blue and white dress. Both of them were surveying the club while playing with their drinks. Despite their relaxed appearances, I could tell that they were on the lookout. Probably bodyguards of some sort. Not my problem. I reminded myself, motioning to the barman. "One Gin and tonic." The barman nodded, disappearing to make my drink. I reach into my pocket and pull out my phone. Checking the screen, I note that I have three new messages. From: Cassian Re: Target The target is known to occupy Club BlackBeat on weekends. From our tracking, we've deduced that she normally arrives at around 8PM. She occupies the bar first, before making her way to the dance floor to look for a partner. Thus, I advise you wait for her arrival at the bar. I checked the clock on the top right hand corner of my screen. 7:49. A little over ten minutes till her expected arrival. Closing Cassian's message, I moved on to the next one. From: Central Re: Target Hello Leader Samael. I hope this message finds you well. As you may be aware, your first target has been located and the details sent to your Chateau. I'd just like to remind you not to kill your target. Please don't partake in unnecessary brutality. We want to send a clear message, not a corpse. I sighed. Another reminder. I understood why they'd be so cautious though. Since I had cut my dosage in half, the fog was dangerously thin. Even now, I could feel the urges beginning to claw at my mind. As it was, it took all my willpower not to go for the twins. "Your drink sir." The voice of the bartender startled me, nearly causing me to drop my phone. I scrambled for some Euros, making sure to give him a hefty tip. The bartender smiled tightly at me, before moving off to serve another customer. "Relax." I muttered to myself. "Think peaceful thoughts. Green fields. White clouds. Small fluffily animals." Oooo Small fluffily animals? We should kill them! The moment I heard the voice, my hands were reaching for my pills. No! Don't do that! I haven't been able to talk to you in ages! "That's cause I don't want to talk to you." I muttered under my breath. I had forgotten that I hadn't brought any of my pills on this mission. Mainly because I needed access to my powers. "Now shut up and let me concentrate." How can I just shut up? I'm you remember? The only reason you can hear me is because you want to hear me. "I'm aware." Unfortunately, the voice was right. "But please, just let me finish this mission." Are you sure you don't need my help? I am after all, your real-. "Yes I'm sure." Even as I said that, I could hear the uncertainty in my voice. "Stop influencing my thoughts damn it!" I'm not. You're the one who wants to meld. I'm just sitting here. Before I could come up with some witty retort, my phone vibrated. It was one of my subordinates outside, signaling that the target had arrived. At the same time, I realized that save for the music, the club had gone silent. A musky smell entered my lungs, causing my body heat to rise slightly. Oh wow…that's some presence…Want me to give you a little immunity? "Shut it." I spat, before turning around. Upon seeing my target, it took all my willpower not to let my jaw drop. Yeah…hold on. Suddenly, I felt an ice-cold bolt of energy go through my body, purging all feelings of lust. There, much better. "Thanks." I muttered unwillingly. No problem. Now if you'd just let me- "Quiet. She's coming over here." I tried to rearrange my facial features into what I hoped was a charming and flirty smile. This really was not my thing. Michael was so much better at this. The target sauntered over and slid into the seat next to me. "Vodka Martini please." She said huskily. The bartender immediately rushed to compile with her request. The target turned to face me. "Now then, what's your name?" "Daemon." I replied, turning to face her. "Daemon Ferris." "Nice to meet you Daemon." The target smiled, placing her hand on top of mine. "My name is Aphrodite." Hi! I'm back again. During my (relatively) long absence, I've come to the conclusion that I really suck at long stories involving deep character development. So, I've decided to write a new story that allows me to develop characters but not to the point where I start to struggle about what to write. This will be a 1st person perspective story that will swap between multiple perspectives. Those who have read my previous (unfinished) fics [Sorry about that], may recognise some of the characters and themes. Let me assure you right now that they are quite different in this story. Hopefully they will be more mature, as I too have matured since 72 Pillars. Will there be romance? Probably. I think I've gotten better at it, but we'll see. Will there be action? Definitely. With a name like "The Hunt", you can rest assured that it will be quite action-y. Anyways, hope you enjoy it. Comment and fave if you enjoyed it. Daemon