. His hands travelled up the inside of Paul's shirt and- The end, the message appeared on the screen as the two faded into black. . Some of the girls got incredulous looks on their faces whilst other girls pouted. They wanted mo-ore! . The credits rolled in, along with some bloopers. . Percy was this close to killing Grover by this point. "Alright," said the head judge, "That concludes the showings, now, could you please all hand in your slips with the three movies you chose and step outside for an hour. There are drinks being served. Then we can commence with the awards." The crowd slowly headed towards the exit. "Who do you think won?" Asked Grover, as they all stood outside. Annabeth grimaced, "It's pretty hard to tell with all the great movies." Leo snorted, "Then let's just eliminate the not-so-grate ones: that ghost one sucked, the comedy one wasn't really that funny, and the treasure hunt one was a bit confusing." "But ones that are sure to get votes are the black and white one, 'm not too sure about that one with the girl, and maybe ours," said Percy. "I think we did a great job," said Nico. They saw the crowd disappear into the cinema hall again and took it as their cue to go for prize-giving. All the groups gathered in front of the audience. "Alright, alright," said the head judge, "Now, I'd like a representative from each group to come up." Group six had a silent, mental debate amongst themselves, and then shoved Grover, who protested, forward. "Alright," said the head judge, "Now, I'd like you to tell us a bit about your play/experience." Group 1 started. A red haired girl took the mic, "Well, we had to do comedy, and our prop was a hat. Our line of dialogue was 'why?' and since the first thing that came into our minds when we added those together was a schoolroom. So, yeah." The next one took the mic, he was a dark-skinned boy with a buzz cut and rather lithe, "Well, we came up with the dead rising as soon as we found out our topic, because it seemed the most horror-induced. We sadly didn't manage to get our effects done right because of lack of timing, but, hey, we tried." The next one to take the mic was a blonde haired female, "Our group had Angst and, you know what, I think we did a rather ok job fitting in our prop, which was a guitar, so, yeah." The next one, a dark haired male took the mic, "Well, we had to do ours black and white, and I think we did well, so…" The next person to take the mic was an albino child, "Ummm… well, I think we did ok, I mean, our genre was friendship, our prop was a flashlight, and we had a lot of fun doing it, so…" And finally, Grover took the mic, "Well… um…" he stuttered, "We had romance, obviously, we fitted in our line of dialogue well, we fitted in our prop well. It really went great, not too much stress, perfect, really." The crowd had been clapping after each of them and clapped louder at Grover's speech. Prize giving commenced. There were a lot of smaller prizes, many won by group 6. "Now, the moment you've all been waiting for," said the judge, "The winner, of the 13th annual 48 hour film festival, and believe me, they deserved it, Group 6!" The audience burst out cheering. "They shall be heading over to Paris in a week for the 168 hour film festival*, and will be competing against the best from every country, come on up here, guys!" Said the head judge. The six ascended the podium and were met by a lot of cheering. "Now," said the head judge, "I think the question we've all been wanting to ask is, are the two lead characters," he indicated Nico and Percy, "romantically involved in any way?" Nico nodded, smiling, "Yes, sir, I managed to be the lucky boyfriend of this man right here about a week ago." Most of the crowd broke off shmoneying, singing the song by Jay Z. He should've been more careful with his choice of words. Percy, blushing, nodded, "To answer your question, yes, we are in a relationship as of recently." The head judge smirked, "Oh, and would you two like to, maybe, prove it?" Nico shrugged nonchalantly and pulled a slightly blushing, but not-minding Percy into a kiss. Many whoops were heard for that. . As they all left, Annabeth walked hurriedly after Nico. "Hey! Hey!" She called. "Yeah?" He said, turning around to face her, slightly confused. She sighed, "Look, I want to say I'm sorry for yelling at you and blaming you at the park, it was wrong, and stupid, and I'm sorry." She was expecting him to not accept her apology, to call her names, but she wasn't expecting his face to break out into a grin, "Nah," he said, "I'm actually kinda happy you did that, it makes me feel great knowing there are others who'll watch out for Percy when I can't." She smiled at him, "Nico di Angelo, you might just be the most worthy person to hold my cousin's heart that there is." Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo Done! Dam (lol) that took long (a month ), anyways time for the *'s * I figured that since Percy wasn't born a demigod Sally wouldn't marry Gabe since she did that to hide his smell and might have met Paul earlier. *(2) so I went to google translate to see if my made up words (except periculum because I already knew what that meant) were real and apparently it's Latin for: above the chamber of late danger. Wow. *(3) I feel so embarrassed to say that the whooping ones are usually my friends and me. *(4) made up. Don't search it. -httyd4eva Peace out yo;P