clockwork tower awaiting the eleventh bell to ring. They knew about Luke's death. Chiron was probably the worst affected, he'd known Luke since the boy was five and was incredibly fond of him, and not just that, no, there was also the fact that Chiron was growing old, now in his late thirties, and would now need to take on a new apprentice. Still, they gathered, ready to admire the aspiring new clockwork master's last piece, a tribute, a memory of him to last a hundred years. In the crowd, Hades was searching, along with Hazel, for his son to no avail. At last, eleven o'clock hit and the piece that was 'Luke's' appeared. They all gasped, for there was not clockwork, but rather two boys. A pale one whom they recognized as Nico, and another who was pale with a slight tan, whom they did not know at all. "That's my son!" called Hades. "Nico!" yelled Hazel. Annabeth, who was wrapped in Reyna's consoling arms, looked up. her face broke into an amazed gape, before breaking out, possibly, into the world's happiest smile, tears of happiness lining her eyes, "Percy!" she yelled. The two boys woke up. soon, a party of a dozen men came to free them. And Chaos watched all of this with a smile on his hooded face, before disappearing off, back into the woods, happy that his creation had had a happy ending. . Percy, who didn't seem to remember anything was 'adopted' by Annabeth's family, her father declaring he'd been separated from his sister's life too long. Nico, who already had a place to live and all his memory, made it a point to visit Percy as much as often. Reyna got the nerve to ask Annabeth out a month later due to much pushing and help from Percy. Frank finally worked up the nerve to ask Hazel out thanks to the guys helping him out and the girls helping her out. Jason asked Piper out on his own the next day. And as for Leo, a pretty girl from another town moved to theirs and he and her hit it off well. And so they lived, happily, with no more strange occurrences, well, at least not too strange… . Epilogue "Mo- om ! They're doing it, again!" called the pissed-off voice of a young, eight year old boy. "Girls!" called Percy up the stairs, "Stop dressing your brothers up in frocks!" "But mo- om, " whined the voice of a young, ten year old girl, "They look so cute ." "Besides," chimed in her twin, "All we want to do is paint them. Then they can change out, swearsies!" "Hmmm…" Percy contemplated, "Alright," he shrugged, "I guess that's fair." At that moment Nico walked in. "Hey, honey," he said, playfully, dodging a well-aimed frying pan for the 'derogatory' term. Again, the young boy's voice called, "But mom, the dresses are pink!" Nico gasped, fake-horrified. "Amarilla and Alethia di Angelo!" he called up the stairs, "Putting your brothers in pink dresses!?" he called, mock-scandalized, "I thought I'd taught you better! Jack's colour is blue ! And Sebastian's colour is black! Now correct your mistake, immediately! " The girls giggled from up the stairs and responded simultaneously, "Yes daddy." From the stairs came a thump-thumping and down ran a little four year old. "Mama!" he made grabby motions for Percy. "Awww, my little baby boy," Percy coddled. Nico made a fake-defeated sigh, "Well," he said, "You've won this round, Seb, but next time he's mine." Down the stairs walked a pissed-off eight year old boy, sporting a half-on blue dress, flats, jewelry and lipstick smeared smudgily under and above his lips, very little on said lips. Nico bit back a laugh at the sight of his oldest son, the one who looked so much like his husband. "Oh look," he couldn't stop the laugh from escaping his mouth, "If it isn't my third-born daughter, what can I do for you, Jacky?" "Not. Funny," ground out said boy. Percy frowned bit, holding his youngest, "Hey, weren't you supposed to be having a play-date with Alinah and Acquilla?" Jack snorted, "Do you really think those two pansies could get me into a dress on their own? Now, if you excuse me, I must save them from the suit they're stuffing Acquilla into." And with that, he took his little brother out of Percy's arms and made a u-turn up the stairs. "I still don't like him," Nico glared up at the floorboards. Percy rolled his eyes, "Oh come on , Acquilla's only eight, and besides, it's cute ." "I still don't like him." Percy rolled his eyes again, " Nico." "Fine," Nico sighed. "Good," replied Percy, going on his tip-toes to kiss his husband. They'd gotten married eleven years ago. Had their first kids together ten years ago- turns out the same spark that turned Percy human enabled him to have kids- and were very happy. "Come on," said Nico, "Let's go out for walk." Percy smiled, "let's," and they walked out of the Inn/pub. Unbeknownst to them, Chaos stood, watching from the shadows, and turned to the sky. "Well," he said to it, "Hades and Poseidon, looks like your boys are finally happy," he looked sadly at the happy couple walking through the woods, "Gods know they deserve it." And then, he disappeared to Gods know where… . xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo Done! that took- surprisingly short considering I started this on Thursday Dec 4… I know I switched Percy and Chaos's arrival times around, but the reason to that was that I wanted them all out of the pub by the time Chaos arrived and I figured that rather than explaining why the eight of them decided to reenter, I'd just make it so Percy came first. *Pffft Haha! I cracked up way to hard when I typed that part. 'the seven' lol! I feel really bad for making Luke an antagonist, but … -httyd4eva peace out yo;P