ground!" we yelled together. "fine," he sighed, putting them back. "And remember, next time you do this in front of mortals, we're taking away away Mr Cuddles," I said. He gasped, pupils dilating, "NOT MR CUDDLES!" he said. I nodded morosely. He pouted and guaranteed us he wouldn't do it again. After the commotion died down he continued. "My favorite goddess is Hestia~" "Pssht! Hestia? That soft, goody-two-shoes, weak, idiot? Who could love her?" asked Ares. Hestia, looked like she was about to cry. All the gods, goddesses, and half-bloods in the room glared at her. I got up, rage filling every part of my body, "excuse me, lord Ares, but if I were you I would keep my mouth shut. Hestia is the greatest, and oldest Olympian and the one with the biggest heart. She gave up her seat on Olympus to avoid war, she doesn't hold grudges, she loves everyone, she tends to our hearth at camp even though campers rarely acknowledge her and she is the reason we won the second Titanomachy, so if I were you, I'd keep my mouth." Silence. Finally, after about a minute that idiot, uh, I mean Ares finally said something, "and who might you be?" I smirked, "Perseus Jackson, but please do not call me that, just call me Percy , son of Poseidon," "Another one, Poseidon, really?" asked Amphitrite, glaring dad down. "Camp Leader, Head counselor of Poseidon's cabin, child of the first great prophecy, defeater of Kronos, defeater of Gaea, Hero of Olympus, Savior of Olympus and one of the Seven," I continued. "Wait?" said Hera, "why didn't you put the saving Olympus stuff first?" I sent a smile towards Lady Hestia, "Because Camp Half Blood is my home, and everything else I did was to protect it." All the girls cooed. "Here's a demo of my powers." I raised my hand and all the water from the lake outside flew into the hall to form a trident shape, before going back to the lake. "Yes!" said dad, "Finally! One of you is born with hydrokenises!" "Yup!" I said, "and sadly also the ability to talk to horses and fish." "Why's that sad?" he asked, looking a bit dejected. "Because of my dear brother, Arion," I said. All the gods shuddered. "I can't believe I'm saying this," said Triton, "but I feel sorry for you." The gods all grimly nodded. "Well, what does he say Perce? you never told us," said Annabeth. I turned green, "trust me, you don't want to know." Stupid, dirty-minded, gay, incestuous horse. Yeah, you could probably figure out what he said, huh? I continued, "and my favorite goddess is, um, Lady Hestia I guess, I'm not really sure since it's more like a top 5 Olympian chart, so, um, yeah." Annabeth got up, "Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena," Athena beamed at her. "Official Architect of Olympus," she beamed wider. "Savior of Olympus, One of the Seven, Head Counselor of the Athena Cabin and Camp Leader." The smile was so big it looked like she needed another face. "I can't really show you my powers since I have enhanced wisdom, battle strategy and loyal owls, and my favorite god, is, um, Poseidon?" Silence. Bye-bye smile :) "WHAT!?" yelled Athena "Ha! In your face Bird Brain!" yelled Poseidon, before quickly turning to me, "wait, she isn't in that Top five list, is she?" "Nope," I said, popping the 'p', "if you think she'd still be there after giving Annabeth the mark , then you are sorely mistaken mi compadre," I elaborated. The entire room turned on Athena. "YOU DID WHAT!?" yelled all the gods, as she sank into her throne. "I haven't done anything yet," she said, before turning to Annabeth, "but seeing as you're still alive, I trust you found it?" Seriously!? That's all she cares about. "Yes," said Annabeth. "Alright mortals, your turn." "Zeus Thompson, President of the U.S.A." Zeus smirked at Hades and Poseidon. "Poseidon Thompson, Zeus' right-hand man." Athena turned and muttered, "Some things never change," to Lady Artemis who agreed. "Hades Thompson, King of England." I saw Lord Hades smirk. "Amphitrite Thompson, Poseidon's wife." "Triton Thompson, Poseidon's son." "Hera Thompson, Zeus' wife." "Persephone Thompson, Hades' wife, Queen of England." "Ella Grace, actress." "Maria di Angelo, hotel owner." "Sally Jackson, writer." Paul Blowfis, English teacher." "Annabeth Chase." "Percy Jackson." "Nico di Angelo." "Thalia Grace," Thalia look-alike mumbled the last bit. "Bianca di Angelo." The whole room turned towards our mortals. "Ok our world mortals, your turn." "Paul Blowfis, teacher." "Sally Jackson, writer." "Hem-hem," said Thalia, "with all due respect Mrs. Jackson, I think you're forgetting something, guys?" I started, "world's best mom." Annabeth, "world's best mother figure." Nico, "World's best maker of blue foods." Thalia, "World's best maker of foods ." Me, "Saint, 'cause let's face it, I'm a handful." We all laughed. "Killer of a Laistrygonian giant," Annabeth. "Oh, and Paul, you forgot killer of some dracanae," I said The other mortals were left gaping, and so were the gods. Insert evil smirk here. mwah ha ha ha! See? Sadist! "Ok, now they said we were getting some visitors," said Athena, before a blinding flash filled the room… xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo Ta da! Took me three months to do this, but then again I kind of lost the will to do it two months ago when my computer crashed with eight pages of this not saved. Oh well, here it is, I'll try updating soon. Also, am I the only one who thinks Percy will die in the 'Blood of Olympus', because on the cover it says, 'Percy Jackson's final battle begins,' so….. -httyd4eva peace out yo ;P p.s. they're not actually going to start reading yet, 'cause I figured it would be a little awkward for the mortals, so first they're going to have some ice-breakers, after next chapter, that is, when I introduce the seven, Reyna, the Head Counselors of each cabin, Rachel and CHIRON! Oh, and some others… :) Bye.