"Hey, Georgea," I said politely, "It's nice to meet you." "You too," she said. She sounded uninterested. "Can we talk in private somewhere?" I asked her, "There's something I need to talk to you about." "Whatever." she said turning to Nicolaclair, "What time is it?" "We have five minutes before we need to go." she said. "Should we meet at lunch, then?" I asked her. "Ok," she said, "Is Nicolaclair coming, too?" "Yes," she said before I could say anything. I sighed in frustration. It hadn't been part of my plan for her to come but I supposed that Georgea was more likely to listen to someone she knew anyway. She made plans to meet them at lunch and then I left for my next class. Georgea's POV Well, that Nico guy seemed cool. I mean, kind of weird, but still cool. I had no clue what he could want to talk to me about but whatever it was, I hoped that it was important. At lunchtime, Nicolaclair and I went to the Unit to meet Nico. He was already there and he looked kind of impatient that he'd had to wait for us. "Finally," he muttered, "Well, now you're here, I'll explain." I gave him an expectant look and waited for him to continue. "How much do you know about Greek mythology?" he asked me. I thought for a moment before I replied. I knew quite a lot about Greek myth, but that was only because Nicolaclair never shut up about it. "Quite a lot," I told Nico, "Why?" "Well, because all those stories about the Greek gods are real." "Shut up." I said laughing, "They can't be real!" "But they are." Nicolaclair said, "And all of us are demigods." "Have you been smoking something dodgy?" I asked. They couldn't be serious, could they? "No," she said, "And we're telling the truth." "Prove it." I said, "If you're telling the truth, prove it." She stood up and walked out of the room. Nico and I followed her. As she approached the disabled toilet next door, she went in and turned on the tap. After a moment of tense silence, a jet of water flew out of the tap and hit me in the face. "What the hell?!" I yelled at her, "You soaked me!" "Well," she said smiling slightly, "You did tell me to prove it." I was furious. So furious that my vision went black. Wait, that wasn't just me, there was darkness rolling off me. "You see?" Nicolaclair asked, "You're a demigod." I sighed. She must be telling the truth and as I came to that conclusion, I felt a little excited. "Do you know who my godly parent is?" I asked them. Nico nodded. "You're a daughter of Hades," he told me, "And you're my little sister." Jack's POV It was a pretty normal day. Nicolaclair told me outside Maths that Georgea was a demigod, too. I wasn't really that surprised, considering how violent she can be sometimes. When I got home from school, I decided to get the bus to my friend's house until it was time for football training. While I was on the bus, I noticed a large black dog. The dog didn't seem to have an owner but it got off when I did and began to follow me. I didn't think anything of it and began to walk towards my friend's house. As I was walking through a narrow alley between two streets, the dog leapt at me and pinned me to the ground. It seemed to have grown and as I stared in shock, its eyes turned from dark brown to a deep, evil-looking red. I realised that it was a hellhound and I began to panic. Its fangs bared as it snarled then it lunged for my throat. At the same time, I felt a tugging sensation in the pit of my stomach and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky and hit the hellhound. The monster melted into shadow and I was left alone. I blinked in shock. I couldn't believe what had happened. Did I cause that lightning bolt? In my confusion and panic, I pulled out my phone and dialled Nicolaclair's number. "Hi, Jack," She answered immediately, "Is something wrong?" "Yes," I told her, "I just got attacked by a hellhound." Nicolaclair's POV "You got attacked by what?" I asked. "A hellhound," Jack said, "It was on the same bus as me and it followed me when I got off. I managed to summon lightning and well, it just sort of ... turned to dust." "Wow," I muttered. "You were lucky, that you summoned lightning, I mean, not that a hellhound attacked you." "Should I go back home?" He asked me and I turned to Nico. Nico, after I'd quickly told him about Jack's situation, told me to tell the others to meet up. We couldn't wait until the end of the month, we had to leave tonight. "No," I told Jack at last. "Meet me outside my house as soon as you can. You should probably go home first and pack some stuff. We're leaving tonight." "Right," Jack said quickly, "I'll see you soon." After I got off the phone with Jack, I texted Darren, Stuart and Georgea and told them that we had to leave. They all texted back and told me that they would be there soon. While I was waiting for the others, I went to my room and packed most of my stuff into a bag. "How will we get to camp?" I asked Nico. "Well, I'd say that I'd shadow-travel us there but I don't know if I could take so many people at once." "Well," I told him, "Maybe Georgea could help you." "Maybe," Nico said. "But she doesn't know how to shadowtravel yet." "Well, what about Mrs O'Leary?" I asked. "Didn't you say that she could shadowtravel too?" "Yes," Nico said, "That's actually a good idea."