He also wore a black tunic, and he had a large bushy beard that was dark in color. His eyes glinted dangerously, and Percy shuddered when he realized that the man was staring directly at him. "So, uh, my name's Percy?" Percy regretted speaking as soon as he closed his mouth, all conversation in the room ceased and all eyes were on him. Beardman's gaze had hardened. Featherhat's expression was unreadable, and the wizard only had a curious smile. Toby gave him a look that said you idiot LINE BREAK The awkward silence went on for what felt like years, everyone was just staring at me like I was a gerbil who had just learned to talk. Finally, the Wizard looking man spoke. "Our guest is correct, introductions are in order" The wizard gave me a kind smile that I swear I've seen before, but the harder I tried the more the memories seemed to slip away. "I'll start then!" Featherhat stood up and flashed me a smile so white and charming he could've been in a toothbrush commercial. "I am Robin Hood, leader of the Merry Men, member of the council, and perfect Englishman." Okay so that seemed to all make sense. I knew who that was, Robin Hood was the whole 'Rob from the rich and give to the poor guy'. Robin Hood gave a polite bow and took a seat. "I am Merlin Ambrosius, Wizard, and member of the council." I smiled to myself a little. I knew that he was a wizard. "I am Markov Grimm, Head of the Council." Said Beardman. I didn't know who that was. "You're not a uh-" "No. I am not a fairytale." I shrank in my seat, I could feel the poison that accompanies those words. After another silence, I realized that they were waiting for me to speak. "I'm Percy, and I don't really remember much." This introduction didn't seem to have any effect on the council, except for Merlin who stroked his beard. "I found him outside The Rabbit Hole, I knew he was there because two Wolfmen I was tracking were talking about the smell of fresh blood." Toby had stood to speak. I was relieved to see that the attention of the Council had switched to Toby. "And you just brought him into The Lodge? He could be a spy!" Markov, the beardman, scolded. Toby visibly winced and I felt bad for him. I didn't like Markov. "Well it's difficult to explain father, but Percy feels, different ." Toby tried to explain. I was a little surprised as I looked between Toby and Markov, now that I knew, I began to notice some similarities between the two. Then I felt like an idiot for not knowing as soon as Markov introduced himself with the same last name. Markov was about to open his mouth with what would surely be another venomous scolding when Merlin put a hand on his shoulder. Merlin stood and flashed Toby and I another kind smile. "Tobias is correct Markov, I too can sense something about this here Percy. And besides, if Percy weren't who he said he was, I'm sure Tobias would've been able to figure it out." I liked Merlin. "Now I'm sure our young guest has questions." Merlin's gaze now shifted to me. "So you guys are like, the actual Merlin and Robin Hood? Like from the movies and all that?" Merlin and Robin both chuckled a little bit, and Robin Hood answered me. "Well yes, we are like, the actual like, real deal. From the stories mind you, they didn't have the cinema back in my day." Robin said with a small chuckle and a grin. Robin Hood had a mischievous smile, like he was always up to no good. Another pang of familiarity raced through me, like it reminded me of something. "Okay, so, where are we exactly?" I asked. "The Lodge, primary headquarters of the Huntsmen." Merlin answered. "Alright, now what are the Huntsmen?" Markov answered this question. "The Huntsmen are an organization that has existed to keep the world in balance for many years." His deep booming tone reminded me of a soldier. "In balance between what?" "The world of the Fairytales and the world of the Mundane. We make sure that the two sides remain at peace. We make sure that the Mundane never discover the existence of the Fairytales, and that the Fairytales never overstep their boundaries." "But didn't the Fairytales all happen like, hundreds of years ago? How are you guys still alive?" I felt a little guilty for asking this question. "It's all rather complicated, and exists on a fairly case-by-case scenario, but we are essentially ageless, we exist as we want to, for as long as we want to." Merlin answered. "When one of us is killed, we usually are reincarnated or something or other." "Woah" The thought of immortality seemed a little dizzying. "Enough questions, the council is now going to depart and discuss what is to be done with our, guest." Markov stood, the word guest was said in the same way he might say gym shorts , the crinkle in his face agreed with this. One by one the Councilmen stood. Merlin and Robin both gave polite bows while Markov just turned and walked away. Eventually all three filed out of the far door, which closed with a thud. "Well, that was, fun." I said. Toby gave me a strange look, but said nothing. "So that's your dad?" I asked him. Toby's face contorted into a face of displeasure like he just smelled something disgusting. "Yup, Markov Grimm, Lord of the Huntsmen, father of the year." Toby smiled a little while his voice dropped with sarcasm. "Must be tough." "Fathers man, they're never the best." I couldn't agree more, but I wasn't sure why. A/N: So I re uploaded the first chapter and edited it slightly since I wasn't too satisfied for what I originally had written.