sarcastically. Only the sons of Hera laughed, and Apollo. "Enough jokes boy, we've brought you her-" but I had to interrupt "No you didn't you probably were going to tell me this around the time I was an adult, but no the Minotaur had to ruin it, also a girl name Janet brought me here, who is she? Why didn't she come with me?" I asked rudely I've had enough with "giving them respect" there not giving me any even if all I do, I just want my normal life back, with Casper, my mom, even Silver Creek, actually this is better than Silver Creek but I was just trying to prove a point. Zeus gave the expression to all the 12 Olympians to hold him back from vaporizing me. All I did was smirk; I guess that made Zeus even irritated. "You shall become the thirteenth member when you reach 18" said Poseidon, Zeus then got up "That shall be the case, we would of told you when you reached 18, but the Minotaur." Said Zeus, I got mad "So what am I supposed to do now? Huh live for 4 years knowing I'm a god, and Greek Mythology is real? What are you going to tell me now, Roman Mythology is true too?" I said, all Zeus did was say "Yes" and he snapped is fingers and I was in gym, playing dodge ball. 5 It's been two months since I've learned I'm a god, and yes we did lose in dodgeball. Coach was impressed with me; I actually threw a dodge ball and knocked out someone's tooth because I was so angry. I get to learn I'm a god, maybe I could of met my father, but no he had to disappear, they said he faded away, does that mean I can never see him? Also Yes I did finish my business in the bathroom. It didn't change the way I act or think about my mother, it's like I knew the whole time. Ever since that day I kept on getting dreams, every time I saw the shadow he would always say " I'm waiting, Crane; save me." I thought it was nightmares the first week of having that dream, after two months I need to confront the gods. Somehow I knew I wouldn't be back there when I'm 18 more like now. I wasn't going to let the gods ruin my life, I will not. I just need to know where they are. It's not like I want to have my revenge. I was just so confused I need my questions answered. I haven't seen Janet ever since that day; Casper would tease me by saying "It's alright bro." One night I packed everything, everything I needed of course, my coffee machine, my mattress, no obviously not those things, I mean I did think about it. Really all I packed was some food, water, clothes, and something to keep me entertained my Pokémon cards, no really I just brought my phone. I closed my door and walked over to my mother's room, I signed, for some reason I felt like I wouldn't see my mother in a long time. I looked over to the clock; it read 10:06pm. I had to go. You may be asking if I had any leads, or I was going to locate every elevator in the world, the second one of course. No I'm just joking I have some leads. Last night I had a dream of New York City, it showed the Empire state building and then it cut out and showed the shadow person. I now realized that someone wanted me to go to Olympus, and I was probably wrong, but I didn't care. If it the Empire state building was just a regular building I would have been screwed and lost in New York City. As I closed my apartment door, Casper's door opened and Casper came out "What are you doing, Crane?" he said in a "just woke up, and was getting some water when I heard a door shut look" I just shrugged "Going on a walk" I knew that wouldn't work but I had to try "You have a back-pack, and it's the middle of the night, last time I check you loved your mother" he said, I signed "I do, put I need to know something, it's way too complicated for you" I said getting a little irritated at his questions. "Crane c'mon I've been your best friend since second grade, are you really going to run away because of something stupid or you're just pulling my leg?" he asked seriously, I almost yelled but I realized that would wake some people up "I have to leave Casper you can't come with me" I said "What would you mother do when she found out you left, she'd question herself why you left, tell herself she's a horrible mother, then get sad, and blame herself until you come back, if you come back." He said I just wanted to punch my best friend, but I knew he was right. But knowing how terrible I am, but I had no choice but to leave, I was the son of Atë, god of Mischief after all. "If you're leaving crane, I'm going to have to come with you to make sure you are going to be alright, it's either that or I'll have to tell your mother right here and now" I just smiled knowing I have a great best friend who looks out for me "Great, what a tattle tale" I said, he just smiled and said "Let me get my things and we'll go" He really didn't know where we are going. If you are asking what about his parents, well Casper could be gone for a month and his parents wouldn't know he was gone. When he was ready I had to tell him "Alright there is something I got to tell you"