up his mind, and he was going to confront Nico today. Why today in particular? Well, yesterday most campers left for their mortal homes, so camp was almost empty. He had asked Jason earlier that week when Nico was going to leave camp (he disliked staying in camp without people he knew) and the blonde told him Nico was leaving on Saturday. So, tomorrow. The bright side was if he completely blew it the awkwardness would be limited to a day at most. He exited the shower and made his way to the pavilion for lunch. He barely ate anything, his stomach was twisting in anxiety. What if Nico didn't like him anymore? What if he thought I'm mocking him or something? What if he gets angry? And so on. After he finished his "meal", he went over to the Hades table, were Nico was also leaving his table. "Hey, Nico?" Percy called hesitantly "Yes?" was the answer accompanied of a raised eyebrow "Could I talk to you? In private?" Nico's eyebrow rose a tad bit more. "Sure. Let me just get some dessert" they made their way to the table and Nico picked out an apple. Percy picked one too, just to have something to do while Nico ate. They offered half of it to their respective godly parent and left the pavilion, munching on the sweet fruit. Percy led them to the lake. He couldn't help it, the lake was the place he felt most at peace. And gods did he need it now. The shore was empty, as was expected. Percy decided not to go sit on the sand, for two reasons. One, they'd get sand everywhere. Two, it reminded him too much of his breakup. So he settled for being at the very end of the forest, where there was soft grass went on for a couple more feet before dying out and giving way to the sand of the beach. But Percy could still see the lake, and feel the breeze. That was enough to calm him a bit. Nico leaned against a rock, looking up at Percy expectantly. They had both finished eating, so there were no excuses he could use to not speak right that moment. So Percy began. "You see, a few weeks ago, when we were on the Argo still, I heard something…" Nico paled, and swallowed thickly. But he didn't interrupt. "I went to check it out, and it was coming from your room. The door was open, and I saw you… and Jason. I'm sorry I eavesdropped, but I heard him saying that you are, and have been for a while, in love with me. Is it still true?" By this point, the grass around them began to wilt, and Nico looked positively terrified. Percy congratulated himself on picking a place where they were far away enough from any shadow, given that it was just past noon. Nico wasn't going to shadow travel away from this. "I'm sorry" was the strangled answer "I'm so, so sorry. I never meant for you to find out, and I'm going to get over it, I promise, I just need some more time…" he was shaking a bit, his eyes were shiny and his lower lip was quivering. "Nico, stop" Percy began, gently "I'm not angry, upset or any negative thing you seem to be thinking. There's absolutely nothing you need to apologize for. It's just that finding that out made me think, and now I think I am ready to admit that I may…have feelings for you too" That seemed to shock Nico into silence. "You…like me?" was the unbelieving reply "I'm pretty sure, yeah." More silence. Percy could hear his heart pounding in his ears, could feel his palms sweating. "Nico, if you want to tell me to get lost, I understand, but please dismiss me quickly so I can sulk in the privacy of my cabin" Percy said with a defeated tone. "No!" Nico sounded slightly panicked "That's not it! It's just hard to believe… the fact that not only you aren't straight but seem to like me is a lot to take in. And I swear, if this is your idea of a joke, I will open a chasm to send you straight to my father and have him show you the Fields of Punishment" his voice hardened towards the end. "Not at all. I am not that cruel Nico. It took me this long to say something because I wanted to be sure of my feelings. Also I had to get over my breakup" Nico had a glimmer of hope shining in his beautiful eyes. Percy took that as a sign that Nico was ok with what was going on. So he leaned forward and joined their lips. The son of Hades sighed into the kiss and responded eagerly. Percy's hands went around Nico's waist like they had always belonged there. Nico's hands clasped together on the back of Percy's neck, but he seemed at a loss as to what else to do, apparently unexperienced. Percy thought briefly that this might be his first kiss. The thought made him fell giddy, and oddly proud. They broke apart and smiled at each other. Percy thought he had seen Nico smile before, but those smiles had nothing on this one. Nico was positively beaming, and it made his heart sing at the sight. "So you are ok with this?" Percy asked, not wanting to make the other demigod uncomfortable in any way. In lieu of answering, Nico joined their lips again. One of Percy's hands cradled the younger demigod's face and deepened their kiss. He tasted of apples, and Percy thought that apples just might be his favorite fruit from now on. [A/N] Hello! Well, th is was my first fanfic, so constructive criticism is more than welcome. Also, English is not my native language, so please tell me if you spot any typos or grammar mistakes! Thanks for reading!