escape. By now, he was at the side door, pushing down on the handle, and - And disappearing, along with the door and a large section of wall, in a flaming explosion. Percy looked towards the last man, still lying and whimpering on the floor. He walked closer until he stood above him, and rolled him over with a prod of his foot. It was the man who had pointed out that he was only a boy, as if that should matter. Perhaps what he should have said was that Percy was a killer. It would have been more accurate, at least. "You tried to kill me, and more importantly, you tried to kill Paul," said Percy. "Maybe you should be dead for that. It would mean I'd never have to see you again. And believe me, I really don't want to ever see you again. So you get up, and you start running, and you don't stop until you reach another state, or even better, another country. Because the next time I see you, I will kill you." The man gave two or three hurried nods to show his understanding, then scrambled to his feet and took off as though all of hell was on his tail. With Percy there, it might as well have been. The demigod took out Riptide and sliced through Paul's bonds. To his shame, when Percy offered Paul a hand to help him to his feet, Paul had to think for a moment about whether he really wanted to take that hand. He had, after all, just witnessed the son of Poseidon ruthlessly butcher a room full of criminals. He felt queasy just looking at one or two of the bodies. It wasn't exactly the sort of bonding exercise most men went through with their step-families. To be honest, Percy had scared him. There was something unthinking in his anger, an instinctiveness and ease that came more naturally than it should. These deaths had seemed almost inconsequential. Paul was quite certain that a year ago, Percy wouldn't have considered killing any of them an option. If you looked for them, the scars of Tartarus were still clear on the few patches of Percy's skin, which he still left bare, but there were less obvious ones beneath the surface. Paul couldn't imagine the horrors down there, but they'd pushed Percy to breaking point. Perhaps past it. The fight here had not been heroic. Paul knew that it was nothing to be proud of. But if there had been a moment of heroism amidst the chaos and the bloodshed, it would be Percy's decision to let the final member of the gang leave unharmed. That was important. He didn't have to. The man had tried to kill him, and in the heat of the moment, an execution might have been understandable. But he had looked at Paul and chosen mercy. He had looked at Paul and stilled the fury that might have carried him away. Tartarus had sunk its hooks deep into Percy's skin. There was a sickness inside him, eating away at what was whole and corrupting what was good. But then Percy had looked at Paul as though he was much more than just his mother's husband, and maybe that was just a reflection of how Paul saw Percy: not just as his wife's son, but as his own. Removing those hooks and curing that sickness would not be easy. But Percy Jackson had let the last one go, and that was important because it showed that it was still Percy Jackson, not just a hollow husk of a body. He had let the last one go, and that was important because it showed that he was fighting back against all the evil that was trying to take root inside him. He had let the last one go, and that was important because it showed that there was a way to be good again. He had let the last one go, and that was important. Okay, so I don't know how clear it is, but the one who gets blown up when he tries to open the door had forgotten that one of the other gang members had booby trapped it earlier. Hopefully that's clear enough in the story, but in case not, that's why. I also realise that it might not seem totally realistic for this gang to use guns and explosives against a teenager, but I'm reckoning that they didn't know if Percy was going to bring armed police with him or something, and that they were really desperate for that gold. So by the time it was just Percy, they thought they might as well use the weapons they already had ready. I hope the ending is satisfying. I'm not really sure about it, myself - obviously it was never going to be 'and suddenly Percy was fine and everything was great and everyone lived happily after', but at the same time I don't know if I quite captured the sort of 'things are bad but there's still hope' feeling that I was going for. Thanks to everyone who's reviewed one of my other stories, and if you could bring yourselves to drop one here too, that would be amazing! Edit: To the guest who asked me to carry this on - sorry I don't know how to contact you, so this is just here in case you ever return - I'm afraid I won't be turning this into a full story, as I'm not sure where I'd go with it, besides which I'm trying to write so many things at the moment that the chances are it would never be finished. If you do want a good post-Tartarus fic, though, some of the best I've read are Days after Tartarus by Matanator, Flaws by romanitas, All That Matters by LiveLaughLove728, and Falling Down by angeltalk, so you should definitely check out any of those which you haven't come across before.