did something about it… What I'm trying to say is, I'm horrible when it comes to figuring out my feelings, or reading people." "No kidding. But you said you had a girlfriend. Do you need to work on your grammar or did something happen with you guys?" Nico sounded genuinely concerned about him. "We wanted different things. She wanted to go to college and become an architect; she's actually enrolled in a college in New Rome, only here for the summer. As for me… I don't even know. I'm twenty years old and I have no idea what to do with my life. And doesn't it bother you to talk about… her?" "It's endearing that you're actually taking my feelings into consideration, but no, it doesn't bother me anymore. I gave up on you a long time ago, and although that doesn't mean it hurts any less, it helped me deal with Annabeth. I tried to hate her, because of the petty feelings of jealousy she brought out on me. It made me feel… heavy to have such negative emotions just because of her, and I'm happy we made up. But you are ok, right?" "Yes, thanks for asking." Percy smiled "How can you not see how amazing you are?" "What do you mean?" "Well, here we are talking about your long-time crush on me, and there are so many ways you could be horrible about it! You could be guilt-tripping me, making me feel like crap;" he held up his fingers, counting "You could be snapping at me for even mentioning Annabeth; you could have summoned some nasty things to drive me away… And I could go on forever. Instead we are having a civil conversation and you are actually concerned about me . And to top it off you aren't even happy about my breakup." "I told you, I gave up on you. And I always wanted you to be happy, even if it wasn't with me. Plus, you having a girlfriend was the least of my problems. You being as straight as a ruler, though…" he flushed a bright red and cut himself off "… never mind." "So if I was bi you would've made a move on me?" Percy said teasingly. Nico blushed harder. "No, I wouldn't have the guts to do it. And please don't make fun of me." "Oh, sorry! I was just trying to lighten up the mood." "Yeah, I know. But there was no other way to let you know it made me uncomfortable, so…" "But anyway, me being straight was the biggest problem for you?" "Well, yeah. But Percy, even if you were gay, you're…" "I'm what?" "You're going to make me say it, aren't you? Fine. Even if you were gay, you are still out of my league. But yes, you being straight was kind of the main issue." "I'm not sure, though." "You're not sure you're straight?" Nico said with wide eyes. "Not really. It's not like I stared at guys wondering if I was attracted to them or not. And after I started dating, there was no reason for me to look at men. I just never really considered it. I guess being in the middle of two wars makes it difficult to think about your sexuality." He shrugged. "Oh. Ok." The son of Hades deflated a bit, staring at the mattress, cursing his hopefulness. "But the truth is…" Percy began, and Nico forced himself to look at him "I liked taking care of you. Your laugh is probably the most adorable sound I've ever heard, and every time I made you cry it was like getting stung by a manticore. I don't know… is just." he shrugged helplessly. "Maybe you just like children." Nico offered, trying to keep his traitorous heart from stuttering in his chest. "I don't think so. All I wanted was for you to get back to normal, so you could hug me like you did when you were under Hebe's spell. It made me so happy that you were so… attached to me. Really. When you began to drift away again, it hurt. So I don't think it was because you were a cute kid." "Are you trying to tell me that you might like me back?" "Yes." Percy was relieved Nico could translate his ramblings into something understandable. "Then… can I try something?" the son of Hades asked hesitantly. "Sure." Percy had an idea of what he wanted to try, and it made him both happy and nervous. Nico crawled forward and enveloped the green-eyed boy in a hug, gently like he was afraid of hurting him. The son of Poseidon sighed contently and wrapped his arms around the pale demigod. Nico looked up at him and gave him a dazzling smile. Percy was fully aware he was staring, and from the soft laughter coming from the other boy he noticed too. He really couldn't help himself, so he joined their lips. Nico's lips were soft and warm, and they tasted faintly of chocolate. "Oh, sorry! I should've asked you first…" Percy said after breaking the kiss. "You don't have to ask." Was the amused reply "Such a gentleman." He teased, and then kissed the other half-blood's neck just below his ear, smiling when Percy shivered at the contact. "Well, I pride myself in being well-mannered." he said in a snooty tone, hoping Nico hadn't noticed his reaction. But judging by that smile, he had "Now may I kiss you?" "Yes, you may." The Ghost King replied with the same snooty tone of voice. They kissed again, slowly, passionately, and Nico was suddenly very glad he'd fallen into Hebe's fountain. [A/N] Hello! Thank you for reading! Feedback is lovely, but please note that English is not my native language... And in case you were wondering about Aphrodite's Bane, I made the whole thing up. There is no such myth. That I know of, anyway. Ok, I'm done. Hope you guys enjoyed it!