years straight the normal cliche lunch scene. You got the jocks, with their cheerleader girlfriends. Then you have the populars, which consisted of Percy, Annabeth, Jason, Piper, Frank, Hazel, Leo, Calypso, Nico, Grover, Juniper,Will, Thalia ,and stupid Stoll boy. Although that most of them did play sports and were probably the best on the team, they tended to keep to their group. You have the drama kids, musically gifted, goth, geeks/ nerds strong( I don't know the difference between the two )/strong, the spoiled people, and then you get the normal people. The people that don't exactly fit into any category, but they sit together like any other group. It is very cliche, no group tries to mix with any other, everybody has respected tables. Nobody moves their table, once they sat there, they've sat there since. What I see, scares me senseless, that stupid Stoll boy is sitting at our table talking to Miranda. I'm gonna kick his sorry little butt. "You stupid little Stoll boy. What are doing here, talking to my best friend. First you crash into me at the park, and then act like spoiled cocky brat. Then you crash into me in the halls, and make me practically late to homeroom. And worst of all, I got detention because of you, and then I come here and see you sitting with my best friend. What do you have to say for yourself?" By the end of my rant, I started to talk in my southern accent. You know, you'd find it weird to find someone talking in a southern accent in the middle of the New York, but when you grow up with a father who has a strong accent, you pick it up. I don't have a New York accent like a good amount of students here, but I usually talk with no accent included. This was the first time anybody heard my real voice, other than Miranda, so the whole cafeteria was looking at me strangely, wondering when a southern girl moved here. "Actually Gardner I can only take credit for the last two. The rest were probably done by Travis," He said with the same smirk, and the same glint in the eye as Travis. "Wait… There's two of you?" Shock clearly in my voice. "Yes. Sadly you were graced by the annoying and obviously less attractive until homeroom." "I'm guessing cockiness runs in the family, too then?" "He was right when he said that you were funny," he said with the same amusement in his eyes, but there was something else here that he was holding back. "So… why are you over here in first place," smirking in my delight seeing Miranda shine red, to the tips of her ears. "Why would I have to have a reason to visit you guys," he says eyeing Miranda continually. "Don't you think he's cute Miranda. With the way you guys keep looking at each other, I'd say there's something there." I smiled at their red faces. "Hey stupid Stoll boy-" "Names Connor," he mumbled "Hey stupid Connor don't you like Miranda's hair. It's deep chocolate brown, leaning to the black side a bit. The way it sways as she walks, down her middle back." By the time I finished they were both blushing. Connor was looking at Miranda, pink to the tips of his ears, and down his neck, where as Miranda wouldn't meet Connor's eyes. I was laughing so hard. Clutching my sides, and choking from my laughter. The room was looking at me, as if I was crazy. "Did I do it again Miranda?" "Yep… Karma," she sang. "Did what?" Connor asked clearly lost. "When Katie laughs, like really hard and loud, she does it in her southern accent, that's why everyone is staring right now." Miranda whispered over in Connor. I put my head down on the table, and I would've started slamming my head if everybody wasn't staring at me, as if I was a disease. After about 30 seconds of blackness, I opened my eyes to realize that everybody was still staring, though they should have stopped a long time ago. This time they weren't staring at me, but more like something behind me. I turned around to see, Travis. At least I'm pretty sure it's Travis. Their identical for gods sake. "Your Travis, right?" Looking between the two of them. Pretty sure that they didn't move, unless they switched places within the last 30 seconds. "Last time I checked." "Well last time I checked, I was just finding out that there are two of you." ""You never asked Flower." "Well it's not like that first question to ask someone is 'Hey do you have an identical looking brother," sarcasm dripping through. "Are you always this sarcastic." "Yeah pretty much." Smirking with delight. "See you later Stolls." Walking out of the cafeteria, with Miranda on my arm. Once we were out, and around the corner, Miranda whipped me around. "Katieeee," she whined like a little kid. "What was that with Travis," Clearly upset with not knowing the full story yet. I then informed her of all moments with the Stolls leading up to the whole incident in the cafeteria. "So… You like him? "I could never like Connor, besides I think you've already taken him." She reddened by the second. "Katie you know that's not what I mean," she whined. "Fine. I will never like him in any way. He's annoying, cocky, stupid, idiotic Stoll boy. In fact I hate him." "You know Katie. The best relationships start from hate. Just take Percy and Annabeth for example," she cheered as if she got me there. "You have a point, but Percy and Annabeth actually felt attracted to each other. Whenever I see Travis' face I want to punch him," I shrugged. "Crap. We're late. I'll talk to you later about this." She ran down the hallway, to her next class. Just 4 more periods and school is over.