I know you are my daughter's happiness and who am I to try and stop her from being happy. Yes, I despise how you are Kelp Head's son and in my standards not the husband I would have chosen but you proved to the gods that you are a worthy demigod and I know you will be a worthy husband to Annabeth, I give you my blessing Perseus." "Before you say no— wait did you say I have your blessing?" I asked with disbelief. "Yes, don't make me regret that I did Perseus," She said with a nod. Before I could jump for happiness, Nataliya tackled me into a hug and she was shaking me with happiness. Dad chuckled and hugged both of us, once he let us go, Nataliya looked at her watch and gasped. "C'mon you still need to ask her!" Nataliya said grabbing me. "Alright, thank you the both of you." I said with a grin and we both ran out of Olympus to get back to Camp. /Later that night/ Since today was the last day of summer at Camp Half-Blood, there was a big party held with Camp Jupiter and the Hunters for the night. I was still a nervous wreck since I was going to ask Annabeth the question that I have been thinking about doing for a while. I tried to prepare myself from excitement and nervousness but mostly nervousness. Nataliya told me to calm down and everything will be alright, I tried to listen to her advice. When the party was in full swing, Nats left my side to look for Jay but before she left she gave me a smile and said good luck. I saw Annabeth talking to Piper, Thalia, Hazel and Reyna and I quickly walked to their side, Thalia must have saw me because she nudged Annabeth with a grin. "Hey Seaweed Brain, where have you been?" Annabeth said as I stood next to her. "Just had something to take care of Wise Girl but, anyway would you mind coming with me to the beach for something?" I asked her with a smile. She raised her eyebrow but nodded, the girls all smile and waved goodbye as I lead Annabeth to the beach. Once we reached the beach, I turned to look her and smiled and as I looked at her, she still took my breath away and made me keep falling in love with her. From her curly blond hair and intense grey eyes to her personality to her love of architecture and everything else that I come to love about her, I knew she was the only Wise Girl for me. She gave me a funny look but still kept a smile on her face, "What did you want to talk about and that you have to take me here to talk about." "Annabeth, from the moment I met you, I knew you were the one I want by my side. We both had our ups and downs but we both got through them. I knew in our quests together, to when you were kidnapped, to the first war and when we finally got together that summer that you are very important to me. You didn't lose hope in me when I was taken and you kept looking for me and even if you might have taught I would have forgotten you when I was taken to Camp Jupiter, I didn't. When I was in New Rome and saw the families there, I knew that I wanted that for our future. We found each other and vowed that we would stick together forever and that I wouldn't let you go when we fell to Tartarus. We overcame that and got through the Doors of Death and we made it out of the war with Gaea. Now here we are, we're still together and I couldn't be happier, you are my happiness and I want you by side for the next stages of our life." I said to her as I got down on one knee and she gasped. "Will you Annabeth Chase, make me the happiest demigod and marry me?" I asked her as I pulled out the ring. Annabeth had tears in her eyes and was nodding quickly with the biggest smile on her face, "I do Percy!" I grinned and slipped the ring on her finger and she tackled me into a hug, I hugged her tightly back as well. This was the moment that I had been looking forward to, I spinned her around in my arms. "SHE SAID YES!" I yelled in glee as she laughed. I gave her kiss and gave everything I had in it to show how happy I was right now, she gladly returned it with equal passion. Once we broke apart, there was hoots and hollers behind us, Nataliya, Jay, Grover, Thalia, Nico, Will, Reyna, Jason, Piper, Leo, Frank, Hazel, Coach Hedge and the rest of the campers from Half Blood and Jupiter and Hunters were smiling and clapping. "It's about damn time! What took you so long Kelp Head?!" Thalia grinned as everyone chuckled. "You guys thinking of what I'm thinking?" Nataliya grinned at the Seven, Thalia, Nico, Reyna, Jayson and Will. They charged and lifted us up in their arms and threw us into the lake just like they did back when the first war was finished and when Annabeth and I had our first underwater kiss. As we sank, I blew two air bubbles for the both of us. "Best day ever," Annabeth said as she wrapped her arms around my neck. "Agreed and you wouldn't believe all the trouble I went through." I said chuckling before pulling her into a kiss. That's it for this one! All Percabeth feels! I hope I did this chapter justice and I'll see you guys in the ending chapter which is the wedding chapter. Oh those feels. I'll post the ring when I finish the story! Bye!