the year it was nearly empty, and it had always been one of my favorites. At that point I'd been breathing underwater for a few years, and when I finally surfaced, he was sitting there on the dock. We exchanged a few pleasantries, and he finally he said something along the lines of, "Look what Percy could do at your age, why aren't you saving the world?" I mean, my mom was always incredibly supportive in whatever I did, so I suppose one parent had to be slightly disappointed just to even it out, I mean, I'd seen it in Emilie's parents. The last time I saw him was a little under a year ago, just after the year had started. Here's the thing: me and my dad have a thing about letters. It's something Percy and I don't share, maybe it's because I've always liked writing more than him, but anyway, it is something that my dad and I have in common: we like writing letters. So we do. It isn't more than once a month or so, and they travel by snail mail, and we love it. We've been writing letters since I was thirteen, and instead of writing my mom like the camp counselors suggested, I wrote my dad on a whim, since I knew, knowing my mom, she'd forget to write back until after I was already home. And we'd been conversing ever since. But that year, I jokingly asked him to come to dinner one evening, and much to my surprise, he came. That made for a very interesting dinner party, a story for a different time. In truth, we didn't actually have many run-ins with monsters much, growing up. Not until the big war, and even then every monster had its hands full with the experienced demigods. Hell, we didn't even know we were demigods yet! But we were lucky. By the time the following summer came around, Zeus had gone back on his word and a lot of gods had stopped claiming their kids, and little ones started piling up in the Hermes cabin again, or so we're told. Over the years, they've gone back to claiming their kids, so most kids don't spend too long in the Hermes cabin. Emilie, actually, spent her first summer, those two weeks, in the Hermes cabin herself. Back then, they were still building all of the other cabins, including Emilie's, the Hades cabin. Now it's a big onyx building, completing the large rectangle of a buildings. I excelled at camp. I got better at sword fighting, thanks to Percy and the other instructors, and I was always good at swimming, so I spent a lot of my time on the beaches, or canoeing with the Nereids. I'm not a big fan of heights, so I've never spent much time climbing the lava wall, even though I loved to hike with my grandparents, and while I liked archery, I tended to be bad at aiming, so over the years I gravitated towards a sword, and at fifteen, I built my own with the help of the Hephaestus cabin. This summer, it'll be my sixth summer at camp. Which all leads me to where I am now: graduation day. Graduation was at sunset, the sun lowering over the water as we all crossed the stage to start the first chapter of our adult lives. By the time I crossed the stage, I'd already cheered for Emilie in the R's, and received my diploma to the sound of my mother's hoots and cheers, ready to start the rest of my life. After dinner with Mom at our favorite hole-in-the-wall place, we went home to our apartment and I started to pack. Emilie and I were both registered for college in the fall. We decided that unlike my brother, Percy, we weren't going to try to go to the Roman college, but attend a normal human university. And instead of living at home, we were going to live a bit closer to the school, in the one other place that really felt like home: Camp Half-Blood. It would practically be like living on our own, since Percy moved in with his girlfriend Annabeth when they both went to college a few years back, and since Emilie's brother, Nico, lived more with his boyfriend Will than he did in his own cabin, she'd mostly be on her own. It wouldn't be the first time one of us decided to live at camp full time- a few years back, when things started to get tough with monsters, we tried living at camp full time. The only problem with that, though, was that Camp Half-Blood didn't actually offer any real education, so after half a semester without a tenth grade education, we decided it was worth fighting monsters on the way to the subway. But two years later, Emilie and I had managed to survive our childhood and graduate high school. But as celebration, I- I mean we- decided we wanted to go to a nightclub to party, and so I changed out of my graduation gown into something a little more revealing: a sparkly blue and gold tank top, and tight white shimmering shorts. I wasn't exactly a stranger to the party scene, though the particular club we'd picked was a little more upscale than what I usually dragged Emilie to. Grabbing my dark green duffle, I kissed my mother goodbye and headed to the corner subway station to meet Emilie at the next station uptown. Coming soon: additional chapters with actual dialogue! And starting next chapter, introducing the boyfriend, Apollo! I should be posting by this time next week, we already have most of the chapter written. :) I'd really love to hear from you guys, so comment in addition to following this story, and check out the other half of this story, the story of Elena's best friend, Emilie Reynolds: Accidental Affair (also on this acount!) ( not Emilie's story)