too!" "What?" "I mean, could you get Hazel to connect my cabin to yours? And get a doorbell thingy? I want to be there for you too." Nico felt his heart do a couple of flips, and beamed at him. "I can ask her, but I rarely have bad nightmares anymore." "Rarely isn't never" he said, then added in a lewd tone "Besides, I can think of a few other things to do sneaking into your sound proof cabin at night, can't you?" Nico blushed so hard he wondered if he was actually glowing. He hid his face on Percy's chest, which was becoming his favorite place to hide. So he felt rather than heard the son of Poseidon's laughter. "You really are easy to tease" his tone became unsure " But I, um, didn't mean that we would be doing anything that soon I was just kidding and..." "Percy" he interrupted. "Yeah?" was the hesitant reply. "Shut up" Nico reached up and pulled him down for a kiss, reveling in the sensation and the fact that he could to that now. He found the other boy's concern very endearing, and it made his heart swell on his chest. He rolled him onto his back and crawled on top of him, shivering when he felt Percy's hands run down his spine. "I take it the talk went well." said an amused voice. They jumped apart and looked at the doorway with matching expressions of embarrassment. The son of Jupiter laughed heartily and said: "Dinner is in half an hour. I advise you to take a cold shower and show up, because I am dragging you out of here regardless of your state of undress. Got it?" they nodded dumbly "And for future reference, use protection, kids!" he spun on his heel and left. "I think I just proved that dying from embarrassment is impossible" Nico muttered "Either that or Thanatos is being lazy" Percy laughed at his remark. "It wasn't that bad..." he tried. "Percy, it would only be worse if Hazel had caught us." he shuddered. "Anyway, the mood is dead and buried, we should shower. I'll come pick you up when I'm done, ok?" Nico couldn't help smiling and blushing like a kinder-gardener, nodding eagerly. "Gods, you're adorable" he said and leaned in for a quick kiss "Don't use that power for evil" The son of Hades giggled and nodded again. Percy got up, regretfully letting go of Nico and moving towards the door. With one last smile, he left. They had managed to keep it a secret from the rest of the camp for a month. Some people were already growing suspicious, what with them being together all the time and the son of Hades looking happy for once. They had told Hazel over and IM, and she rode Arion as soon as possible to give them both a hug and threaten Percy. She also connected Cabin 3 to the Nico's cabin, and warned them not to abuse the privilege while blushing furiously. Now they had movie nights at Nico's, sometimes with Jason, sometimes without. The newly made couple was getting used to each other, and so far they'd managed to not indulge in PDA, keeping their relationship a secret. Not that Percy would mind the others knowing, but he guessed Nico was a bit uncomfortable with telling people. So they kept quiet about it, until one fateful lunch. Nothing was out of the ordinary, they ate in companionable silence, occasionally making small talk. Then it was time for desert, and while Nico had ordered some chocolate mousse, Percy had gotten his hands on a mouth watering cake complete with blue icing. It looked really good, so Nico made his eyes wide, silently pleading for a bite. Or the whole thing. Percy noticed, and sighed. "How do you expect me to not compare you to a hell-hound when you keep doing the puppy dog eyes? It's not fair, you know." "It looks so good... switch with me?" "Nope. Just order yourself a slice." "But then my mousse would go to waste, and if I have both I'll have a tummy ache." he whined. "Tummy ache?" he repeated mockingly "Who even says that anymore?" By that time their playful banter had gotten the attention of most of the dining pavilion. "I do. Got a problem with that?" he replied, but his smile ruined any sort of threat he was hoping to make. "Nope. It's cute. Here, you can have a bite, because I am that generous. Would that make you happy?" Nico smiled and nodded, reaching for his fork. But instead of offering the plate to him, Percy simply got a piece with his own fork and fed it to Nico, who didn't even think twice at the gesture until he heard the gasps and whispers. "Don't freak out" the son of Poseidon said, concern shining in his eyes " But I think they pretty much figured us out" Nico froze for a moment, then asked quietly: "Does it bother you?" "Hell, no. I wanted to scream it from the rooftops since day one, but I thought you would mind it." The son of Hades smiled and said: "If you don't mind, neither do I. I might have in the beginning, but I had enough time to get used to it. Used to you. Now give me another piece, this cake is perfection. You can have some of my mousse. Please?" Ignoring the chatter and catcalls, he fed his boyfriend another bite. Hello! Let's pretend that I posted this on the 31st, shall we? Anyway, I have no idea where this came from, it was supposed to be a short angsty drabble about Nico drunkenly confessing to Percy and then Halloween got thrown into the mix and I completely lost any sort of control I had over this. I hope you guys liked it, and if you have any comments/suggestions/criticism it's all very welcome! Have a great day!