now, and Nico returned to his bed. Before leaving, though, the son of Poseidon poked his head in and said, grinning: "You know, I could be your wing-man!" Nico threw a pillow at him. Jason was happy for Nico. From Hazel's and Percy's behavior towards the Ghost King Jason guessed they now knew The Secret. And from the looks of it, both of them had taken the news quite well. He wanted to say to a certain someone "I told you so", but sadly he still wasn't on speaking terms with the younger demigod. On a different note, Percy kept looking at him weirdly, as if he knew something, or as if he was sizing him up. Whatever it was, it made him uncomfortable. In any case, he felt miserable. He missed Nico's company, his sarcasm and quiet laugh. He hated feeling like he was being avoided. But it was impossible to make the son of Hades do anything he didn't want to, that kid was as stubborn as a mule. So he waited. And he waited. He had thought the extension of the already existent silence treatment was due to him stepping out of line that night at the crow's nest, but his punishment wasn't really fitting his "crimes". So he was being avoided for some other reason. Great, he didn't even know what he had done to deserve this! He racked his brains for reasons Nico could be avoiding him. He came up empty. Finally, one afternoon, five days since the Crow's Nest Incident (as he took to calling it in his head), he got sick of waiting. He found Nico having a snack, alone in the meeting room. Perfect, no one to interrupt. Jason sat beside the boy that was eating brownies and said: "Hey." "Hey." Nico answered, not looking up from his plate. "So, why are you avoiding me?" Nico choked on his piece of brownie, and had a coughing fit. When it had subsided, he answered: "I haven't been avoiding you." He still wasn't looking up. "Nico, come on, I thought we were friends. You know you can tell me anything, right?" The son of Hades got up, threw away the rest of his brownies (apparently he'd lost his appetite) and washed the plate. He took his sweet time doing it too. Jason let him have that excuse, as long as he didn't try to leave before they'd finished this conversation. Nico sat back down, and for the first time in days looked the other demigod in the eye. "Jason…" he started "I'm sorry, I have been avoiding you." "A-ha! I knew it! But why? What did I do wrong? Whatever it was, I'm sorry!" "You did nothing wrong, it's just that I couldn't…" "Couldn't what?" he prompted, trying to be patient when all he wanted was to downright shake the answers out of that boy. "I couldn't fall in love with another hero!" Nico said, sounding a bit panicked "There, are you happy now? And I failed miserably, in case you were wondering, apparently avoiding you wasn't enough" Jason was stunned into silence. "Well?" the black haired demigod asked, asking for an answer but dreading it at the same time. "You… like me?" "Yes, Jason, try to keep up, will you?" "Why didn't you tell me?" "Why do you think?" "Oh." "Yes, 'oh'. Now are you going to give me an answer this century or…" Nico's little rant was interrupted by Jason's lips. He was so surprised he didn't respond to the kiss, and the son of Jupiter pulled back, stuttering an apology: "I'm sorry, I thought…" The Ghost King finally registered what was happening, and joined their mouths again. Strong arms pulled the skinny demigod onto the blonde's lap, and Nico let out a squeal of surprise. Jason chuckled, and they broke apart. They both wore matching stupid grins. The son of Hades was now straddling the other demigod, but neither really cared. They kissed again, this time more passionately. Jason tasted the brownies the other had eaten, and he must say it tasted ten times better than usual. Nico boldly snuck a hand under the older demigod's shirt, running his cold fingers up his spine and enjoying the shudder that followed. Jason trailed kisses down the younger boy's throat, and bit down on the juncture between his neck and shoulder. Nico moaned softly, and the son of Jupiter smiled against the Ghost King's skin. The son of Hades was just about to return the favor, when a quiet "Oh" brought them back to reality. Nico looked over Jason's shoulder, and saw that the other crew members were standing at the door. Hazel was fanning herself, embarrassed. Percy was smiling widely. The rest stood with their mouths agape. He murmured their current situation on Jason's ear, and then proceeded to hide his blushing face in the former praetor's chest. Said demigod turned to face the door, with the son of Hades still on his lap, and said awkwardly: "Um…hey?" "Hey yourself, lover boy" Percy teased. "That was…unexpected" Leo said, and the others nodded. "Jason, I'm happy for you, but if you hurt my brother… let's just say I'll make the Fields of Punishment seem like Elysium to you." Hazel warned after her own blush had died down. Nico then seemed to remember he had the power to not be in this situation, so he reached under the table and melted into the shadows. They landed on Jason's bed, with Nico still straddling his hips. "Now, where were we?" the Ghost King said conversationally. The blonde pulled him down for a kiss, and no other words were needed. [A/N] Hello! First of all, thank you for reading! Feedback is highly appreciated, criticism (as long as it is constructive, not offensive) included. Second of all, please take into consideration that English is not my native language, so if you spot any typos or grammar mistakes, let me know! Lastly, I hope you guys liked it!