and Hazel were sitting at the table, Hazel had a warm drink. They both jumped when they noticed him, "Gods Percy," Jason mumbled. He regained his composer and looked closer at his friend. "Didn't think you'd be up so soon." "How are you feeling?" Hazel asked timidly. Percy mouth twitched. "She's not dead," he said, matter of factly. Hazel's face seemed to melt, depression settling over her features, "She's not." "Percy…" Jason trailed off. "No listen," Percy took a step closer. "I saw her. She told me herself." Jason looked at him sadly. Percy's eyes were excited and completely crazy looking. "You've been asleep. It was just a dream." "I know it was a dream but she was there! She's just in the tunnels! We have to start searching-" "Percy," Jason cut him off. "Annabeth's gone." "You're not hearing me," Percy was getting frustrated. "She kept saying find me, find me. She's trapped down there, but she's alive!" He looked at them hope radiated off him. "Maybe you should sit down," Hazel suggested. "Get something to eat?" "I don't need food, what I need is Annabeth!" Percy's legs were shaking, threatening to give out. "We can't just leave her down there, we have to do something!" "Percy," Jason said. "Annabeth is gone. She didn't speak to you, you didn't see her. You were dreaming. It wasn't real. I know you miss her, and I'm sorry, I really am. But you can't rescue her from the tunnels, she's not coming back. She's dead ." Jason's words were harsher than he meant them to be. His voice was raised. Percy blinked he fumbled for words. "You don't understand," he pleaded. His knees gave out, he grabbed the back of a chair. Jason shot to his feet to steady him. Percy sat down, "I would know if she was dead. I would feel it." Jason's eyes stung. Percy's breathing became shallow, his brow furrowed. His heart was pounding. "No, no. This isn't real. This isn't happening," he stammered. He pulled at his hair, "she's not dead. She's not!" He reached out and grabbed Jason's arm, "please! You have to help me find her!" Percy tried to stand but fell back in his seat. Jason's stomach clenched with anger and sadness. He ground his teeth, "No Percy! Annabeth is dead. She's dead!" His own voice broke. Percy's face pailed. Tears gathered in his eyes, "She can't be. She can't be." He was trembling. "We had plans. We stay together it's what we do, always." Jason felt a tear slid down his face. He looked at the table in front of him. Percy sobbed, "I have to find her. I can't live without her." Jason knew there was no getting through to him. A voice spoke from the doorway, "We better start looking then, huh?" Piper said gently. Percy looked at her his eyes vulnerable. Piper walked in, "but not tonight. Right Jason?" Jason looked at her like she was crazy, her eyes told him to play along. "Pipers right. You need to rest first." Percy's eyes dried. "We'll get her back," Piper's voice dripped in charm speak. Percy's face slid into a relaxed, tired expression. "Don't worry, why don't you go lie down? You must be exhausted." With Jason's help she pulled him to his feet. They helped him to his room. He relaxed into the pillows, "there you go. Just sleep." Percy drifted off. Jason dragged Piper out of the room and I to the hallway. "You shouldn't have done that," he said. "He was on the verge of a panic attack. Did you really want a repeat of this afternoon?" "He thinks she's really out there Piper. Thanks to you he's never going to accept the truth." "He never was going to to begin with. You saw it on his face Jason, he's too far down the rabbit hole. The only way to calm him down was to tell him what he wanted to hear." Piper said. Jason exhaled. "He's delusional Piper." "Maybe not," Piper said quietly, glancing at sleeping Percy. "Maybe she is out there somewhere." "Do you hear yourself," Jason snapped. "He's going to waste the rest of his life looking for her. Tear himself apart, you want to help him do it?" "I know it's my fault Annabeth's gone. If I can help him find closure, ease his pain in any way, you can bet I'm going to do it." "This isn't your fault," Jason said softly, touching her arm. "We have to look Jason. We have to try," she said. Looking into her eyes Jason knew there was no convincing her otherwise. "Pipes," he started. "She would do it for one of us. If it were Annabeth in our position she wouldn't blindly accept an answer. She wouldn't give up on any of us." Jason looked at Piper and swallowed. "We have a mission," he said. "We can't stop now, Gaea is getting stronger everyday." "I'll go alone if that's what it takes. Percy's not the only one who needs answers," Piper finished. jason sighed, "There's no changing your mind is there. We're going to have to talk to the others in the morning." Piper reached up and kissed his cheek, "Thank you for understanding." "Piper, be careful getting their hopes up. If you don't find what you're looking for, it's going to be more damaging than it was to begin with." I want to hear your thoughts. Go ahead tear it apart, pick and poke until your heart's content. I want to get better. I want to write something that you enjoy reading. I know some of you are questioning Jason's role as bad cop. Well truth is I always pegged him as the type to turn grief into anger- like Percy, but without all the heartbreak. It will all make sense eventually ( I hope) The next chapter is already in progress so the wait shouldn't be too long. Until next time, I can never tell