dumb?" That made the son of Hades blush even harder and attempt to hide himself on Percy's chest. The green-eyed boy chuckled, amused, though his cheeks were tinted pink as well. "Jason, don't antagonize him" he chided, then asked "What are you even doing here?" "Oh, his birthday was yesterday and we were going to celebrate it today. I know you know about it, Hazel told you." "Oh, right. Sorry, I got distracted" he said happily. "Yeah. I know just what distracted you." Jason smiled. Nico made a small sound of embarrassment from his hiding place. "In any case, grab a shower, you two, people will get here soon." He turned to leave but added over his shoulder "And by that I meant for each of you to take a shower, not for both of you to jump in the same stall, got it?" he laughed at the inarticulate meeps of embarrassment coming from the two boys, then left. Well, it seemed that Nico's definition of a party was quite different than the norm. Other than themselves and the pesky son of Jupiter, the only others who were invited were Reyna, Hazel, Piper and Frank. The last two were more for the benefit of their partners than the birthday boy. Percy thought it was weird, but Nico seemed comfortable among these people, so he didn't point that out. Hazel grabbed a few trays from the large basket she'd brought and popped them in the oven, setting the timer dutifully. "I made everything from scratch, I hope you like it!" she said, smiling sweetly. Nico kissed her forehead and assured her it would be delicious. They had an impromptu game night while they waited for the food to be ready, munching on chips ("Don't spoil your appetite!" The daughter of Pluto warned, only half joking. She had worked really hard preparing everything, they'd better eat!) Nico was kicking everybody's butt on Monopoly (It had been around since the 30's like him), until everybody became antsy and they decided to call it quits before a real fight broke out. They switched to Uno instead, were Reyna took the lead. More friendships were threatened because of the "Draw four's" ("You'll pay for that, Zhang!" Percy promised with an uncharacteristic snarl) and then they stopped for dinner. Hazel had made very tasty lasagnas, with several different combinations of ingredients. There was even a vegetarian one for Piper. When they were all full and sure they couldn't eat another bite she produced a cake from her basket and they proceeded to sing happy birthday to the son of Hades, who blushed and wondered what the heck was he supposed to do. Clap along a retarded seal? Remain still? Human interactions confused him. After all the food was eaten and all the plates loaded into the dishwasher, they prepared to watch a movie. They had put several pillows and blankets on the floor so everybody could be comfortable. It would also double as their sleeping arrangement, given that no one was leaving the house so late, it was too dangerous. The group of demigods changed into more comfortable clothing, digging through their overnight bags for their pajamas. After a queue to brush their teeth and a few scuffles to decide who would sleep where, they settled down on their assigned places and began to watch the movie. He hadn't even noticed he was doing it, but Nico snuggled up to Percy almost immediately. The son of Poseidon hadn't seemed to mind at all, pulling him closer and kissing his temple discreetly. Not discreetly enough, since Jason gave him a thumbs up while Hazel and Reyna caught his eye and raised their eyebrows in a silent question. He answered with a nod, and the girls smiled widely at him. Then they turned to Percy and gave him matching menacing glares. The son of Poseidon gulped and nodded in understanding. Satisfied, the girls went back to watching the movie, quite innocently he may add. As the credits rolled Nico and Percy got up and headed for the bedroom. Hazel and Frank would take the couch (bulldog Frank was small enough so that they'd both fit comfortably) while Jason and Piper would take the guest room. Reyna made a nest for herself on the floor and looked quite content with that. They all exchanged a sleepy good night and shuffled to bed. The son of Hades peeled back the covers, and crawled into bed. Percy followed, and without either of them saying anything, they held each other very much like they had the night before. Nico sighed deeply, comfortable in his arms, and the son of Poseidon felt…whole. It was a cheesy thing to even think, but it was true. He leaned down and kissed the younger boy, who eagerly kissed him back. It was still innocent, it was still new, but he couldn't get enough of it. They parted and Percy kissed his forehead, tucking him under his chin, before asking: "Did you have a good birthday?" "The best" was the sleepy answer "I don't know how next year's is going to top that." "Oh, I have a few ideas" Percy said, smiling evilly. "Gods, you're a perv!" Nico chuckled, amused. "Nope, I didn't say anything. Your mind is the one in the gutter." He teased. "Yeah, yeah. Shut up and go to sleep, tomorrow you're making everybody pancakes." "Oooh, bossy" he mocked. "Damn right. Now seriously, let's sleep, I'm really tired" he yawned. "Poor thing" Percy said with mock pity, but stayed quiet anyways. He pulled the younger boy even closer, tangling their legs and tightening their embrace. They fell asleep like that, soft smiles tugging at their lips. Hello! I hope you liked it! Once again, English is not my native language, so if anything doesn't make sense, let me know and I'll fix it! If you feel like leaving a review, that'd be awesome. If not, move along and have a great day anyway. Cheers!