"She didn't deserve to die, not like this. She should have died just like Paul; naturally. Not with a bullet through her stomach." Percy choked back a sob. "She must have been in so much pain, but she still tried to tell me she was okay with dying. That she can finally see Paul again." Artemis slid down with Hera, Ares, and Hermes. "That's right, Percy," Hermes began. "She'll be reunited with her husband. She'll be happy for the rest of eternity," Hermes walked up to Percy's side and placed his hand on the younger's shoulder. "But you need to let her go. You wouldn't want her to constantly feel worried about you in the afterlife, would you? You don't want that, right?" Percy shook his head. "No," he said meekly. "That's right. You don't want that," Hermes nodded. The Messenger god slowly took Sally from Percy, but the Primordial refused to let go. "Percy, let her go," He said, but Percy still refused to do so. Zeus and Poseidon had to restrain him while Hermes carried her bridal style. Percy struggled in their grip, trying to shake them off so that he could get his mother back. "No, give her back! She's mine. Give her back!" Percy's strength was incredible, and Ares had to rush in as well to help keep the Protogenoi at bay. Percy cried when Hermes flashed away with his mother, the thought of her being gone forever having been confirmed by the action. "The mortals. I'm going to kill them. They did this! Give her back!" Athena, Hera, and Artemis were still on the dirt watching as Percy broke down in Zeus, Ares, and Poseidon's arms. The poor thing had already lost much, barely recovering, and now the pain of loss was rushing back to him like a tsunami. The earthquake became stronger as Percy's grief took over. "No!" "Perseus! Calm down!" Zeus said. You'll destroy everything if you continue. You're a Protogenoi, the power you wield will only cause destruction if you continue on this path!" Percy wrenched his arm from Zeus and elbowed him in the face. "I don't care! The humans took her away from me! I'll make them pay for it! They will all pay!" Zeus walked backward a few steps while clutching his nose. He opened his eyes to examine the wound. Golden ichor was flowing from his nose and it was smeared all over his hand. The King of the gods clenched his teeth in anger and glared at the struggling deity. Zeus snapped his fingers, willing celestial bronze chains that were infused with imperial gold and stygian iron to appear on Percy's wrists and ankles. Poseidon and Ares stepped back when that happened. Perseus was now chained to the ground. "Zeus!" Poseidon said, eyes blazing. The Sky god stepped forward and electrified the chains, making Percy scream as he was electrocuted. "Enough!" Percy was now on his hands and knees, twitching from the electricity and glaring up at Zeus. "Perseus, stop this foolishness!" There was a pause, then Percy chuckled darkly, his bangs covering his green eyes as he looked at the dirt under his hands. "Foolishness," Percy looked back up, breathing heavily from the moment. "They killed her Zeus. They killed Annabeth. They killed Apollo and Aphrodite, Dionysus, Demeter, and Hephaestus. They killed them all." "No, they did not!" Zeus barked. "Gaea killed them! Yes, Sally Jackson died by their hands, but she was old as it is! Annabeth was only a mortal and would have died anyway." Percy's head snapped to Zeus. "Don't talk about her like that! You have no right! You've always looked down on mortals and used them to satisfy yourself! I have no patience to listen to you, Zeus. I want them dead!" Zeus's anger vanished and his face settled into a form of seriousness that Poseidon and Hera hadn't seen in eons. "Then you leave me no choice. You are too revenge-driven to allow to walk the Mortal world. I will not send you to Tartarus, as you are just grief-stricken, but you will be forced to calm down and realize that killing all humans is not the answer and it will NEVER bring them back. So, I, Zeus, King of Olympus, God of the Sky, Justice, and Weather, Son of Kronos and Rhea, thereby force you into slumber until your ire has been calmed with time." A boom resonated, and the remaining trees were leveled. Black chains shot out of the ground and wrapped around Percy. The other gods were forced to flash to the outskirts of the crater and watch as Perseus was forced to sleep. Zeus watched with blank eyes and his hands folded behind his back. He remembered being bestowed that power by the Fates. They said that he could only do such a thing when absolutely necessary or else they would force him to fade. They said that it could only be done by the King in power and no one else. This power was once given to Kronos, and Ouranos himself after Erebus ruled. Funny how Zeus had used this exact power to put Gaea to sleep all those years ago, and now he was forced to, once again, use it on a Primordial of Earth. It seemed Lady Ananke foretold a day where her fellow Protogenos would need to be put down before they destroyed the Universe in a rage. Perseus struggled in his chains, but they tightened in a way that restricted all movement. At that exact moment, the chains forced him to teleport away into a tomb in the center of the original Mount Olympus. The same place Gaea was forced to slumber." Richard looked at the document in absolute shock. He was not expecting that at all. Poor Percy, all he wanted was to live a nice, quiet life until he died. There was a ding, and another message from the Capitan came up. "So…you up to do some myth busting?"