murderous rage for threatening his family. He also looks twenty-eight, when he spent a whole year trying to rebuild the trust that broke when he scared his wife and daughter, the only blessing being that their son was too young to understand what was happening. He looks thirty-one, when Frank's stick burned away, and they realised that they weren't going to live forever. He looks forty, when he almost died from malaria contracted on a short-notice quest to Uganda. He looks forty-nine, when he checked himself into a psychiatric hospital for the nightmares that wouldn't get better. He looks fifty, when he came back to her, uncured, sacrificing his own chance at peaceful nights to stop the nightmares that had come back to her. He looks seventy-six, when nightmares and dreams alike stopped forever, both having lasted longer than anyone expected them to. Most importantly of all, though, he looks like Percy Jackson. Even more so when he turns to face her, calls her name, leaps to his feet, runs towards her, and kisses her as though they were in love for the first time again. The tears which she had held back before return, and flow down her face, unstoppable by even the greatest dam in human history. He'd visited the Hoover Dam on the quest to rescue her from Atlas, she remembers him telling her. That makes her cry more. He doesn't tell her that it's alright though. He doesn't need to. They both know it. She's the first to initiate conversation. "You know," she sniffles, through the tears. "All the times when you wondered if I still loved you, I thought you were being stupid. You had the greatest love in human history, and you were sitting there, wondering if it was really happening." She sniffles again, but carries on speaking before he can interject. "But I think I understand now. It's not that it's happening that you don't get. It's that it's still happening. You keep expecting someone to jump out and say 'Surprise! Time's up! Playtime's over! That's as good as it's ever gonna get!' but they never did, and you can't quite believe your luck, because the best person in the world, the person you love most of all in the world, loves you back . And that does feel too good to be true. But you've been dead four years, and we haven't spoken in that time, but you're still here. All I have to do is walk along a beach, and there you are, waiting. And it doesn't make sense, because I don't deserve you, even a little bit." She remembers his voice as it was in his later years, weak, high-pitched, and prone to giving out mid-sentence. When he speaks though, it's with the voice of a man, as Nico told her, in his prime. She hates thinking in clichés, but around Percy, she can't muster up much else: his voice is like melted chocolate: warm and soft and strong at the same time, and just the right amount of husky to make her go weak in his arms. "We both made it here, didn't we?" he asks. "I know they don't actually have a section for people who're quite as perfect as you are, but this is the next best thing, and somehow I managed to scrape in here, so we can't be that badly matched, can we? Two halves of a whole. Like the stories." "Like the stories," she agrees. "What's it like here?" He shrugs easily, and tells her. "Nice. Always sunny, never rains. People are always happy, never sad. I've been living with Mom and Paul in a house just along the beach from here, which is pretty great. In fact, I'd say I've only had one problem since I arrived." "What's that?" "You weren't here," he tells her matter-of-factly, and kisses her again. "So I was thinking we could get our own place, together. Forever." At that, it's her turn to kiss him. It lasts a long time, and she treasures it, drinking in the moment. She's not sure she needs to. They have all the time in the world, after all. But then, she'd spend it all in this kiss, if she could. When she pulls away, it's only to utter a single word: "Always." Then she kisses him again, because even if you have eternity, you can't afford to waste a second of it. If you're wondering, the title's from a Byron poem called 'The Prisoner of Chillon'. The bit the line's from is actually all about how terrible death is: "Oh God! it is a fearful thing To see the human soul take wing" but I thought it was a fairly romantic way of putting it, so I stole the line anyway. Plus, I'm a big Byron fan. He's in my top three English language poets, with Shakespeare and Ted Hughes. Sorry Keats, Whitman, you almost made it. Tennyson would have done too if he wasn't so damn miserable all the time. Anyway, I digress. If you're wondering who Katie is - well, she's been in the news after suggesting that because of the actions of one person in the Manchester attack last night, every Muslim in the world should be killed. So I think it's fair to say she's in my bottom three English language people, with - well, let's not go there right now. One last thing is to apologise if I've gone over-the-top with italicising. I've been reading graphic novels recently ('Watchmen' is insanely good. Go read. Also, if you're any kind of Batman fan, read 'The Dark Knight Returns', because that too is fantastic) so it's possible that has influenced me a bit, seeing how much they tend to use italics. I had to go on a cull of them in the edit. And finally, if you do have a spare moment, a review would be abso-frikkin'-lutely wonderful. Until next time, I am certainly, undeniably, 100% guaranteed, Jeff Bridges.