out of the hospital and planned on running away. She stared at me the whole time, listening, not blinking, and I shifted away from her slightly half way through. She didn't notice. When I finished, she stood up, "What did it look like?" I blinked and looked up at her, letting a vague description slip from my lips. She acted as though this were completely normal. I know she was insane, but, still, it didn't… Her fingertips ran across the wall, silent except for the little flips the paper made when she passed by them. It took a few moments of searching, but she plucked a piece of paper off of the wall, the tape ripping the top of it slightly. She wrinkled her nose in distaste, but handed it to me nonetheless. It was the exact same monster. I let the paper fall to the bed, a breath escaping my lips as I squeezed my eyes shut. "Okay, just, hang on. What is this? How is this possible? What is going on ?" Her hand was on my shoulder again, sliding up my neck and curling a stray strand of my hair. "Honey," she said lightly, almost distracted, "your father is a Greek god." My eyes shot open, and I could only gape at her, not unlike a large fish. "I- what are you- a Greek what ?" "God," was her answer, very causal and nonchalant. I hated her for it. I stood up swiftly, out of her grip despite the almost-painful tug on my hair. "That's bullshit. I can't believe I let Elena talk me into seeing you," I muttered, picking my bag off of the floor and slipping the strap onto my shoulder. "It makes sense!" she said from behind me. "He told me himself, you know. It would explain the monsters coming after you, and the power you had over it, the Fury. Your story makes you seem like a charmspeaker, but I know tha-" "That's enough, Mom!" I bellowed, grabbing the door handle. "I've heard enough. I don't want to listen to your insane banter anymore." I saw a flash of hurt pass through her eyes, but I was already running out the door. I wasn't supposed to run through the hospital, it was a general rule, but it wasn't like I was going to ever go back. I hated myself for beginning to cry, I felt the heat pool behind my cheeks, tears blurring my vision. I tried wiping them away with my sleeve, but then I didn't see where I was going and tripped over a stray wheelchair in the middle of the lobby-like area. I cursed under my breath, looking up to see several people staring at me. There were four of them, all on one of the couches, and three of them were very, very old women. So old they were practically ancient. Their silver hair was tied into tight buns behind their heads, and they were knitting some sort of large pair of bright fuchsia socks. I was still on the ground, almost like I was being held down by their gazes, although the one I locked eyes with wasn't an old woman. It was a man. He couldn't be older than twenty-five, dark black curls, fair skin, lean build. He was wearing a dark purple t-shirt and zebra skinny jeans. It didn't match, but he was very handsome in it, almost as if he were some sort of celebrity. His eyes were bright blue, but for a second they flashed, turning purple when they were shadowed. The three women surrounding him looked like they were displeased, but he didn't seem to mind, he was grinning a bit sadistically, obviously enjoying himself, a diet coke in hand. There were a few people, patients perhaps, which surrounded them, almost as though they all knew each other. But his amusement faded when one of the women took out a large pair of golden scissors from their basket. I felt chilled to the bone, but I, for the life of me, couldn't get up. The man with the crazy hair and purple eyes turned his head from me, murmuring something to the women. I didn't hear what he was saying, but by the sour looks on their faces, I knew it couldn't be good. The woman on the far end shushed him, the scissors about to snip at the piece of yarn that I didn't notice had been extended between the other's fingers. I didn't know why I was so afraid, why my bones suddenly felt achy and I felt too terrified to move, but I knew that I was helpless in front of the three old women with wrinkly skin and dark eyes. A whisper drifted through the air, the room suddenly going ice-cold, like how my hands felt against the tiled floor. They were already shaking, but scissors were put away, three gazes sliding back to me. Four, if you counted him, but he wasn't particularly scary at that point. The man stared at me for a moment, and I didn't move until he whispered very harshly, " Run !" I certainly didn't have to be told twice. I scrambled to my feet and was out the door faster than I could even count. The warmth and humidity of the air was lovely on my chilled skin, and I slipped into the driver's seat of my car. Elena looked up at me, halfway through flipping to the next page of a magazine. "So how did it go?" I ignored her question and asked one of my own, "Where's the address you wanted to go to?" "Erm…" she shifted, digging through her purse before pulling out an ivory-colored card. "You know where that strawberry farm is? It's by there, it's on a hill or something… it's a camp, apparently." "A camp?" I asked, not looking at her though I wanted to. We were a bit old for summer camps. "Yeah, Camp Half-Blood."