Logan. This right here is Jake." He said pointing at the supposed "leader". "And we -he said, pointing at his group- are the ones who run the show around here. You all -he pointed at the two sisters and Percy's group of friends, who looked like they couldn't believe what they were hearing- should try to be nice to us, because we can get you in trouble. We're all juniors, at least. Girls don't just say no to us, uh-uh. That's not how it goes. See... What are you two ladies' names, again?" he said with a mischevious smile on his face. The two sisters stared blankly at him. "What are your names, ladies?" he repeated, apparently keeping calm but with a colder look on his eyes everyone caught. Blank stare. Then, a fast motion. And in the blink of an eye, Logan was laying on the ground, on his back, blood streaming from his nose, a look of disbelief on his face. "What th-" exclaimed Jake. Another fast motion. Once again, Jake fell on his ass, blood streaming from his nose, the same look of disbelief on his face. "My name is Reyna." said the one of the two sisters with the SPQR tattoo, a look on her face between amused and disgusted. She had a very small Hispanic accent. You could just barely make it out. "Hylla." said her sister. Same look on her face. Same accent. "Now get the fuck out of here, pretty boys." she said, pointing away from them. "You two bitches are gonna regret this.." muttered Logan as he got up, helped by his comrades. "What was that, bleached boy?" asked Reyna. "Nothing. Come on guys." he said, shooting them a dangerous look. The football team walked away in silence. "I wish to the gods everyone isn't like them, Reyna. I'm gonna get expelled in no time if it's full of disrespectful fake tough idiots like them." said Hylla with a funny look on her face. Reyna rolled her eyes, but let a small grin creep up in her lips. "Not everyone's gonna be like them. Relax, Hylla." Then she realized Percy, Annabeth, Piper, Jason, Frank, Hazel, Leo and Calypso were all just standing there looking at them. Her expression changed into her usual unreadable face. Reyna had mixed feelings about coming here. She did not want to be around Jason and Piper, because it would mean seeing them together. And that would hurt her. No matter what she tried to make it look as, the look on her face everytime she saw Piper and Jason together was a look of hurt. She still didn't like Leo for firing at New Rome, but had grown to respect him when she learned about how he sacrificed himself and how he had killed Gaia. She was neutral, even leaning towards friendly, with Calypso, even though it always surprised her that she was... here. Frank and Hazel were her soldiers. She cared for them. But as a boss more than anything. And then there was Percy and Annabeth. Reyna still found Percy attractive, like Jason, but since he had always had Annabeth by his side... It wasn't the same situation. Reyna respected Percy. He had done nothing but respect and help her. And then, Annabeth. The only one in that 8-person group she could call a friend. She adored how cerebral Annabeth was and respected her sense of honor and duty. Reyna walked up to them, gave Annabeth a quick hug and a smile, and nodded her head to the rest, saluting Frank and Hazel with special reverence They had her full respect and support. Hylla nodded her head to everyone, giving Percy a sarcastic glare, that Percy matched with a smile. It's always forward I'm moving, never backwards. " Thank god she's cool with me now. " Percy thought to himself. "So... What's been going on? Reyna? Hylla?" asked Annabeth, trying to break the ice. "Not much. Getting everything set up at New Rome so I could come here and take a break." sighed Reyna. "That was a mess. You know, since none of us are there, I left Dakota in charge of everything." she said, looking at Frank and Hazel. Hazel smiled and Frank looked a bit worried. "Are you sure, Reyna... I mean, I'm not questioning you or nothing, but..." Frank said, tripping over his words a little bit. Same old Frank. Reyna smiled. "Don't worry. I made everyone promise me that they would limit his Kool-aid consumption." Jason laughed, and Reyna looked at him. As soon as he realized that she was looking at him, his laughter began to die down a bit. Piper frowned. "You didn't have to do anything, Reyna. We had it under control." Reyna clenched her fists slightly. "Sure didn't seem like it, daughter of Aphrodite." Hylla said. "They were disrespecting you all and you weren't doing anything about it." she shrugged. "Now let's calm down a bit, okay?" said Leo with a smile that wanted to be reassuring, stepping in between Piper and the two sisters. "Move, Leo." ordered Reyna, an emotionless look on her face. "Don't talk to Leo like that." Calypso intervened. "Let's all calm down, please. Just chill out. No need for fights here in front of hundreds of regular, mortal humans." asked Percy. "Exactly." Annabeth, Frank and Hazel said all in unison. "All of you, shut it." retorted Hylla. Reyna shook her head internally. She had been expecting something similar to this, but not on the first day. "Okay, let's all calm down. I just don't like when I help someone out and they don't thank me in return." Piper almost opened her mouth, but thought twice. Just as they were about to go their separate ways, Jason noticed all the students at campus entry stopped bickering and looked towards one thing. He followed their eyes. Leo noticed what Jason was doing and and copied his moves. "What in the f-" loudly muttered both.