me she would just forget me. I could always find a new school, I hate school anyway. I couldn't care less about my job; all I did was posing in front of a camera full of makeup and uncomfortable clothes and thinking about Stella wouldn't get more money made me happier and determined to forget it. My teams were anyways bad, when I get a new school I could always try again, but it made me a little bit sad because I love football and volleyball almost as much as I love swimming, the only reason I don't go on swimming is because Stella says the pool water will ruin my hair. I just hope where I'll be going, I'll get new and real friends like Audrick. I was so lost in my thoughts that I didn't realize I was in a cab. "Where are you two going?" the cabbie asked. "To Long Island, stop when I say it," Audrick said. Long Island? He nodded and started to drive. "Do you have any money?" I whispered to him. He shook his head. Great, we don't even have any money. "It's okay," the cabbie said, we looked at him. "I can see this is an emergency, so I will drive for free." I looked at him, totally surprised. I never met a cab driver that is willing to drive for free. "Thank you sir!" Audrick exclaimed. "And yes this is a really emergency." The cabbie nodded again and focused on the road. I wanted to ask Audrick a bunch of questions, but I decided not to because the cabbie will be listening and the questions in my head are slightly overboard. My mindset is weird. Road passed by, and we stopped on a big hill and a sign that said: PICK YOUR OWN STRAWBERRIES. "You're stopping here?" the cab driver asked, "It's nothing here, are you sure?" "We're completely sure," Audrick said and we got out. The cab drove away. We walked up the hill. "Come on, Lex!" Audrick yelled, "We're almost there." I wanted to yell at him that I was exhausted after that fight with the monster and that I wasn't made for long distance running. But he was right, faster we came, safer we were. We went farther and a big sign that said CAMP HALF-BLOOD, but it wasn't in English but Ancient Greek, how I understood it, I don't know. "Audrick, what is that is that?" I said pointing at a camp. "Camp Half-Blood, a camp for special people like you." "What, mentally disturbed kids?" "No, demigods." Demigods? Like the myths Mrs. Carron said was true. Gods and goddesses go around and fall in love and get children? "Demigods? Like half- human and half- god?" "Yeah, come on," he urged. I was about to ask him more, before I heard a loud grunt. We turned, seeing two tall giant monsters. They were gigantic, ugly and had one eye. "Smash satyr!" The first one yelled giving Audrick a toothy grin. Did he say satyr, like half goat? "Satyr?" I asked," You're half- goat? Where are your goat legs?" "Under my disguise." Smart, I don't think giving their friend heart attack because their protector is half- goat man, would be good. "Pretty girl go, before we decide to eat you too," the second one said. What? They let me go that easy? And Pretty Girl? I think I left my stomach somewhere in Mrs. Carron's stinky dust. But, no. I'm not leaving Audrick alone and defenseless like this, I'm not that cold-hearted. "Go, Alexis!" Audrick screamed, "Get into the camp and call for help!" "No! I'm not leaving you. I'll help you fight the uglies." I took of my bag and pulled out the sword I used before to kill the dracaena. "What the-, you took the sword with you?" I grinned at him. "Of course, in case if more monsters is coming." "Satyr yummy!" Ugly nr.1 said and threw a large rock at Audrick. He crumpled at the grass like a socket puppy. I wanted to go and help him, but I have to fight them first. I felt angry that I imagined a huge bird swooping down, grabbing them to China. But no flying birds incoming. My anger was fueled and I wanted to kill this monsters. Now. "Sorry pretty girl, but decided to eat you." Ugly nr. 2 said and ran towards me with his ugly feet. I stood ready in a battle stance, I don't know how I knew all this, and it was like I've done this all my life. Ugly nr. 2 ran towards me, but I dodged and stabbed him in the back. "Sorry ugly boy." I said when it dissolved into golden dust. How did I do that? Ugly nr.1 was bigger and faster. When it ran towards me, it clawed me in the shoulder, leaving me with a pretty nasty wound. Blood oozed out of it, it made me weird seeing my own blood. I winced and put my hand to stop the bleeding, but I felt hot liquid on my hand. It lunged at me to make the finishing strike, but I side- stepped and swung my heavy sword at him. The monster dissolved into dust. "One to Milano and zero to uglies," I said trying to smile but I'm pretty sure it turned into a grimace. "Ugh," I said holding my head so the world would stop spinning. I walked towards Audrick who were lying unconscious on the ground with a big bump on his head. Poor guy. I hailed him up, and dragged him towards the camp. I started to walk slower and slower, and I saw black spots dancing. I could feel Audrick getting heavier, and I couldn't take it anymore. I fell on the ground. Before I zoned off, I heard gasping and a sweet, yet calm and strong voice say: "Holy Styx, she's beautiful." No, maybe this was a bad copy of Sleeping Beauty.