over that time. Anyway, I'm pretty sure y'all know me. People know me as the one that transfered in last two years ago but I'm also the one that carries the drumstick almost anywhere, so it's pretty obvious that I love drumming. Talking about drumming, where do we start? So, I was problably 9? I started loving rock music, I know I know, it's too young for nine year olds to listen to but I can't help it. How? Two words, my brother. My brother loves rock, wanna know which rock songs to listen to? Just go to him, he'll give you a one hour lecture about rock bands and songs. My brother listens to all kinds of rock bands like Bring Me The Horizon, AC/DC, Green Day, My Chemical Romance, you name it. So, since he loves rock, he somehow started learning guitar, on his own. While he's playing some famous rock songs, he would say there wasn't any drum beats. Now, this is the part where I shine like a star, yes a star, I know I'm fab. So, my brother somehow persuaded slash manipulated my parents to send me to music classes to learn drums so his songs could feel complete. After two years of learning I started playing like proffesional, nah just kidding, I started playing with my brother, we sounded pretty cool together. But then everything changed after... well I'm not gonna talk about it now, probably never. So yeah that's about my music life now MOVING ONTO FAMILY LIFE! So I need you guys to keep this a secret, promise me kay? When people ask where I live, I won't say a bungalo, instead I'll say a small apartment. Nobody knows that I'm rich, I don't like talking about it either. Why? I'll probably get alot of fake friends and fake girls trying to be my girlfriend, yup it happened alright. My parents are filthy rich, but I'm not a spoiled kid, I don't like spending their money. Even though they might not look like it but they are like the best parents I could ever have. They love me for I am, they don't blame me for what happened and they're fine with my love for drumming. Before I ramble on, we're gonna talk about my past school year. Yayyyyy . Note the sarcasm. So, it all sta- "-NOAH CARRYBILE ARE YOU LISTENING TO ME?" yelled Mr Huddlestone, my history teacher, yup he's the fierce one. "YES SIR! " I mocked a salute to Mr Fiesty, he bought it and huffed at me then he continued rambling about some guy that saved America. Let's just say I slept through the whole class, insert another cheeky smile. (I decided to skip to study hall where they all meet up)*plop* First thing that came into my mind was woah . Now now, don't get too excited, let me explain. Percy and I bumped into each other while walking to study hall and we met two girls over here in study hall. Percy claimed that he knew the blonde, Annabeth, but he didn't know the other girl. When I looked at her, yup, the first thing that came into my mind was woah. Her eyes were really pretty, like it was rare shade of black, it was totally black like Percys hair. What's the word again? Midnight black . Yup I got it, man its like a the swirly swirly thingy, and like- "Take a picture, it'll last longer," Catherine rolled her eyes and said. I realised I was staring and cleared my throat, "um yeah...not gonna happen" I looked at Percy for help, I hoped my eyes screamed HELP ME! Percy cleared his throat and awkwardly said " Let's...um...find a place to sit?" After Percy saying that, Annabeth just burst out laughing and stopped abruptly realising everyone was staring at her, as in me, Percy and Cathy. "Sorry, I find his awkwardness very funny" Annabeth said while trying hard not to laugh, Percy laughed and Cathy just raised her eyebrows in an amused sort of way. Wow I'm calling her Cathy when I just met her, wait thinking of her Cathy not calling her Cathy. Maybe I said it out loud, calling her Cathy? Wait, what am I even say saying, am I confused or am I confusing myself. That doesn't make sense and making it more confusing. Saying the word confusing IS making things more confusing. I looked up and see Catherine looking at me with an amused expression, and I noticed that Percy and Annabeth went to find seats for us, left Cathy with me. I said that whole thing out loud didn't I. "Yes, and you did it again, and you can call me Cathy, I'd prefer that" Cathy said smiling then turning her head to find where were those two, "Found them, let's go" When we got there, they were discussing about some assignment they have to do together, a script or some sort and I, being the excited one, decided to break the conversation. "So, should we talk about life or macarons?" Cathy snorted and Percy just said "Dude, what is your problem with macarons, they're nice and sweet but I mean, they're not as sweet as me" after he said that he blew me a kiss and winked at me. Cathy laughed, Annabeth muttured " Boys "but she was smiling anyways. Then, suddenly we started talking like we were best friends, forcing Annabeth to join because she was too quiet, and by the way, we were talking about how we should make Annabeth smile more and talk more, and she was just over there laughing. Yup, best period of the day, maybe not, but, eh. The period ended with us exchanging our time tables and walking to our respective classes. Sorry if Noahs POV was too short but I was ITCHING TO PUBLISH IT I COULDN'T HELP IT! So hope you like this! Luv yall ASTA LA VISTA ~IamCrytsalClear