the Universe, First Being, and Primordial of Creation and the Void. I am here to offer you aid in the coming war." All of a sudden, a portal opened up in the middle of the throne room, admitting two men. One with supernova eyes, smooth, short black hair, and a 6'8" stature. He wore a black Armani suit and radiated an aura of power that all of the Olympians' auras combined. The other man was shorter, around 6'2", had a hood covering his face, hiding his features, and wore ornate armor that one would suspect had never truly seen battle. The only details of his face one could make out was the blonde hair and blue eyes. "Lord Chaos," Zeus responded, before bowing, shocking the man next to Chaos along with the rest of the Olympians, who, upon overcoming their shock, followed suit. "Why do you not bow to us, boy ?" Artemis sneered at the man standing next to Chaos. "Silence, foolish girl!" Chaos boomed in response. "He bows to none but my son and myself. Much less, you , a foolish, sexist Olympian whose only concern is which male to castrate and kill next." Artemis' eyes widened before they narrowed, she was about to retort when Apollo exploded, "How dare you insult her? How are we to know that you are who you sa― agh!" Apollo suddenly grasped at his throat shocking everyone, before a cold, monotonous voice cut through the silence in the throne room, like a hot knife through butter. "How dare you speak to my father like that, you pathetic Olympian ?!" the voice hissed, harshly. All eyes turned to the man who had suddenly arrived via a portal and was standing behind Chaos. The man was tall, 6'6" at least, wore robes darker than the darkest black, and had supernova eyes, along with pitch black hair. His skin was pale and he gave off an aura of power that rivaled Chaos', and made the Big Three combined seem like an ant. His hand was stuck out, giving off the impression that he was choking somebody, something he really was doing, considering the fact that Apollo was now purple due to lack of oxygen. When Chaos himself saw the man, he sighed. "Omega, what are you doing here? And let Apollo bre―" "Yahh," Artemis interrupted as she rushed toward the now identified, Omega. Her silver daggers were drawn as she attacked faster than the normal eye could see. She was a blur, attacking a man she perceived as a threat. Unfortunately for her, Omega's eyes were anything but normal, and he could see her moving as if she was attacking in slow motion. He quickly dodged all her attacks as if they were nothing. He continued to do so, wearing her out before he got bored and backhanded her, sending her sprawling at the feet of Athena's throne, unconscious. The rest of the Olympians were in shock. One of their best fighters had been defeated as if she were nothing. This man was beyond their skill, but the now freed Apollo and 7 of the other Olympians attacked anyways, trying to avenge their fellow Olympian. The only Olympians who didn't attack were Zeus, Hades, Ares, Hestia, and Dionysus. The first three because they knew a lost fight if ever they saw one. Hestia because she was a peaceful Goddess. And Dionysus because he never liked Artemis. Omega dodged and wove through their attacks, as if he were dancing. He proceeded to beat the immortals to bloody pulps while, at the same time, evading their attacks. He slammed into Poseidon's face with a harsh right hook, knocking him out and giving him a concussion. He clapped his hands on Athena's head, knocking her out, giving her a concussion as well. Just as he was about to also give Apollo a concussion, his father's voice stopped the fight. " Enough! Omega, if you can't rein in your temper then return home. I will not have you giving all of our allies a concussion before the war even begins!" Chaos shouted. Omega looked like he was struggling to control his temper. Eventually, he just nodded before snapping his fingers and disappearing in a portal, similar to the one he had arrived in. Chaos sighed. Why did Omega have to make things so difficult? "I apologize for my son. He does not take well to people insulting me or questioning my orders." He told the still conscious members of the Council, who simply nodded. "Now, as I was saying before I was so rudely interrupted," he shot a nasty glare at the unconscious form of Artemis. "I am here to offer you the aid of my army and my own personal assassin in this coming war." That immediately caught the Olympians' attention. Any war where the Creator himself offers aid was bound to be a big one. At this point, Ares spoke, "So is this guy here your assassin," he gestured towards the hooded form of Luke. Chaos chuckled, "Err, no. This is the Lieutenant of my army, Alpha." "If he's the Lieutenant, then who's the Commander? And who's the assassin?" Zeus asked. "You just met both. Omega is my son, he is also my assassin and the Commander of my army," Chaos said. At that revelation, the members of the Council who had just fought Omega widened their eyes. "Nuh-uh! I am not fighting with that dude, he hates us!" Apollo shouted. Zeus spoke immediately after, "You have no choice, Apollo. The reason he hates you is because you insulted his father. We accept your aid, Lord Chaos." Chaos clapped his hands together, "Great! I'll have Lieutenant Alpha here bring the army to Camp Olympus in three days' time. Farewell." He snapped his fingers together and disappeared through a portal with Alpha, leaving behind 3 unconscious Olympian Council members, 6 beat up, but still conscious Council members, and 5 members of the Olympian Council who were perfectly fine.