on his throne in the Underworld when he grabbed his head in pain. He could literally feel his servants being wiped from existence, which worried him immensely. He had told them to go take his Helm of Darkness and Zeus' Master Bolt back from, who he believed to be, the son of Poseidon, but he had no idea what they could have encountered that could completely wipe them out of existence. He wondered if he should tell his siblings about his servants being destroyed, but decided against it. They had never done him any favors, so why should he do them one by telling them of the existence of a being who could destroy three of the most powerful monsters' essences. (Line Break) Later that night… Perseus woke up to hear the snoring of the satyr watching over him and his other roommate, Daniel Jenkins, whom he knew to be a son of Poseidon. He quickly checked to make sure the satyr and son of Poseidon weren't faking before putting on a cloak and cover his face with the hood. He then flashed away to Mt. Othrys. Upon arriving he smirked at the struggling form of Atlas and revealed himself to the Titan. "Struggling, Atlas?" he asked. "You dare taunt me, demigod?!" Atlas spat. Perseus snorted, "Oh come now, Atlas, you don't recognize your own cousin?" He dramatically pulled down his hood, revealing his face to Atlas, eliciting a gasp. "Perseus," he snarled, still struggling with the sky. Perseus nodded and waved his hand, creating six granite pillars to hold up the sky for Atlas. Atlas rolled out from under the sky and groaned, before stretching his muscles. Atlas then growled at Perseus, "How dare you show yourself here, traitor?" Perseus growled back, "I was under orders from my father to flee during the final battle, so don't you go calling me a traitor, fool." "Why not show yourself sooner, then?" Atlas asked, now genuinely curious. "I have been waiting for my father to begin stirring. A little over twenty years ago, while I was overseeing the Arena in the Pit, I felt my father's consciousness begin to awaken. Since then, I have been planning and gathering allies for my father," Perseus responded. "Ah," Atlas said in understanding. "Yes, and now, I've come to free you. My father does not yet know of my interference, and I intend to keep it that way for a while, as I fear he may tell one of his spies at the camps, who might then blab about it. My existence is still unknown to all of the Gods, and I plan on keeping it that way for as long as possible. I'll probably reveal myself to my father in a year or two, when he is stronger," Perseus added as an afterthought. "Be that as it may, do you have any clue how annoying it has been to hold the sky for three millennia?" Atlas questioned. Perseus snorted, "No, and I don't plan to learn." Atlas allowed the ghost of a smile to show on his face, "It's good to see you again, cousin." "And you, cousin," the God of Time smiled back. "So, how's the family? Better yet, how's Zoe?" Atlas growled at Zoe's name, drawing a confused look from Perseus. It was at that point that the Titan of Endurance decided to elaborate. "She betrayed her sisters and me for that pathetic son of Zeus, Heracles , at which point I disowned her." Perseus sighed, he had always liked Zoe. He had met her after the war began and had her swear on the Styx to never reveal his existence to anyone. After that, they had become good friends, and constantly talked once Perseus' training for the day had ended. During that time, he had come to learn of Zoe's hatred for being imprisoned in the Garden of the Hesperides, and wish to explore the world. So it did not truly surprise him that she had betrayed her family. Back when he knew her, she would have done anything to be free from the Garden she so loathed. "I'm not that surprised," he said, shocking Atlas. "Why not?" he growled, hating the topic of his disowned daughter. "She had always longed for freedom from the Garden, back when we were friends. Is she still alive? If so, do you know where she is? I need to talk some sense into her," he added. "Last I heard," Atlas began, "she is still alive and as serving as Lieutenant for Artemis' Hunt. Apparently, shortly after she betrayed us, she was betrayed by Heracles." Perseus narrowed his eyes, "Of course she would be there. The monsters in Tartarus who were killed by the Hunt constantly spoke of their hatred for Artemis and her Lieutenant, who seemed to hate men and monsters as much as, if not more than, Artemis herself. And I remember the way Zoe looked at the monsters surrounding the Garden very well. She looked as if she'd like nothing more than to butcher the lot of them." "If you were in Tartarus, how do you know of Artemis? She was born after the war," Atlas questioned suspiciously. Perseus rolled his eyes, "Gee, I dunno. Might have something to do with being in the Pit where monsters reform after their deaths. Might also have something to do with monsters being the biggest gossips ever." "Oh yeah," Atlas looked sheepish. "Well, anyways, I must return to a mortal thing called, school. Apparently, young mortals have to attend it. Bye," Perseus said, before flashing back to his room, only to discover his satyr roommate looking as if he was about to wake up. Perseus jumped into action quickly and hid under his covers, feigning sleep. He had perfect timing. Just after Perseus closed his eyes, he heard the satyr, Grover Underwood, awaken and begin to leave the room, probably to meet with Chiron and discuss the events that took place earlier in the day.