San Francisco you would be sho~ actually you would just have been looked at weirdly. "Nico.. If you don't want to be friends then go scram.. You never talk to us anyway!" Rachel yelled. That got the attention of the whole Cafeteria. I could see certian people stand at different tables. Percy and Piper stood at the jock/cheerleader table, a blonde boy at another table, a girl with black hair at the door, and a boy with a goatee at the back table. "Fine I will! But just so you know Rachel.. Your acting just like a snobby bitch," he slid his tray across the table. At the same time Rachel slid her on the other side of me. They fell at the same time, mash potatoes, corn, and gravy spilt all over me. Rachel and Nico were to busy getting into a fight to notice what they have done. "What did you just call me, Death Boy!" Rachel screamed in his face. "A snobby bitch, RED!" he screamed back. Katie and Silena were occupied with them to notice me. I heard footsteps run over to me. "Annabeth.. Are you okay?" Piper asked, pulling me off of my seat. "Yeah.. just feel disgusting.." I groaned as I stood. We turned our attention to the fight in front of us. Rachel and Nico were at each other's throats. The blonde guy from earlier pulled Nico, the guy with the goatee pulled Rachel away from Nico. "Does this happen a lot?" I asked Piper, grabbing a napkin and wiping my black skinny jeans. "Not with them two.. Rachel and Silena fight a lot.." Piper muttered, helping me clean myself up. I looked up and saw Nico slapping the blonde's hand away, "Leave me alone Will! You just Pity me thats all. Every since my sister died all of you.. All of you pitied me. Then I came out as a gay and everyone.. Including you, Will, left me!" "Nico-" Will started. "Leave me alone," he rushed out of the cafeteria. Piper sighed, "hes been like that since homecoming of last year.. His sister, Bianca, was a cheerleader. She made Percy promise that he would take care of Nico.. those were her last words to Percy, and of her life." "What happened to her?" "A school shooter.. She was the only one who was hurt or injured." I grew quiet. That was deep. Now I feel bad. Rachel stomped the other way. Piper ran a hand through her chocolate brown hair, "I think I have some clothes in my locker if you want to wear them. You look my size or smaller." Home. Dec 4th After I got changed into her clothes I had only two classes left. I had them two with Percy and Piper. My first class after lunch was with Ms. Keller. She was biology super nice. She let us talk all class period while 'Journey 2: The Mysterious Island' was playing. Piper was talking to me the whole period. I'm glad I have a friend in almost every class. My last class was Ms. Jenn. World geography.. Most boring class ever. Piper sat in front of me so she couldn't talk to me. Percy sat beside me. He forgot his book. We had to share Malcolms old book he gave me. He wasn't paying any attention to it though. Every so often he would ask me where we were. One time I gave him a smart-ass comment and he called me Wise Girl. I managed to contain my blush at the time. After school, Malcolm said he couldn't drive us home he had a major practice to go to. Piper luckily had a car and drove us to my house. After I introduced Piper to Mary and the twins, I walked her up to my room. "I can't believe you live in a penthouse." "Well my dad made some money while I thought he hated me," I laughed, falling onto my gray and gold double bed. "Your dad is awesome.." "Percy told me you live in a mansion.." I sat up at watched her carefully. She nodded, "no… my dad is a billionare, but I live with my grandma. She doesn't like to depend on her son for money so she has her own little house here for me and her. I get money from my dad but thats about it." She sat on one of my white cushions. "No way you have the new Playstation?" "My mom does all of their buildings. She got the first official system.I have most of their games that they released. Malcolm gets really jealous.." "Those guys are all about games. All players. Percys the biggest." I scrunched my brows together, "player as in the best player in a games or player as in.." "Player as in like a man hoe. Him and Luke Castellian have made a bet that by the end of high school that either one will have the most girls in their bed. Each virgin they get equals three girls." Piper sighed, "Percy's in the lead right now with 346 girls, 20 being virgins. I don't think there is a girl in the school who hasn't slept with him or Luke.." I started to twitched slightly, "are you serious.. I was actually starting to like him." "Yeah.. Hes an ass.. But I've never seen him act like that around a girl.. During Ms. Keller's class, he kept looking over at you smiling." "If hes a player… he was probably imagining how I look in bed," I laughed, pulling my homework out. "Now to do Ms. Dodds homework." Home. Dec. 4th So basically, I tutored Piper after that. We did our homework, ate dinner with my new family, and went to bed. Today might have been the most drama I have ever experinced. ~Signed Annabeth Chase. 17. Dec. 4th. -Note from Senior Year Annabeth- Thats what I thought back then.. There will be more drama throughout my Unfinished Story days.