made his head spin and he was definitely lost. This pen holder had then come home, half dead from blood loss, but he had eaten a brownie and poured some rubbing alcohol in his cuts and they were perfectly healed again. That had made him want to throw up and freak out and in general have a panic attack. This medical miracle had just told him that Percy's father was the god of the sea. And Paul didn't know what to feel. On one hand he wanted to laugh it off, but there was too much evidence against that. All the strange things that had happened around the kid would be explained. On the other hand he wanted to ask a ton of questions, and interrogate the kid about this new concept, but that seemed rude. "But you go to high school!" Paul exclaimed, and Percy did something he hadn't been doing very much of recently. He laughed. "Well, as Annabeth would say, 'just because you're about to die is no excuse to be uneducated'" Percy said through fits of laughter. "About to die?!" Paul exclaimed. His eyes were wide and scared. Percy looked embarrassed. He was used to throwing around the topic of death in camp where the demigods faced it every day, but in the mortal world, he forgot that not everybody was used to it. "Yeah, umm it's no big deal Paul. Everyone at camp is trained to do this sort of thing. I mean, we're literally born to defend the world from monsters." Percy was blushing as Paul stared at him like he had grown an extra head. "Percy you're fifteen, not fifty! You can't just go around claiming that death isn't a big deal!" Paul protested. Percy seemed to age a little bit, worry lines forming between his eyebrows, the light in his eyes dimming. "I- I never really thought about it like that. I mean, everyone at camp- we're all demigods in training- we just kind of accept it. I mean, everyone has to die at some point right? It's scary, but I don't mind so much as long as it's for a good cause. Besides, if all the mythology is real, the monsters are real too. We have to dispel them every so often. Annabeth calls them archetypal forces. They can't be killed forever, so we always have an enemy. " "A good cause," Paul whispered feeling like he was about to faint. Percy was handling everything matter-of-factly, which didn't help his nerves. "Gods, I didn't mean to scare you!" Percy exclaimed at the look on the older man's face. "It really isn't that bad. It's almost fun sometimes. Like the time that I blew up the toilets and Clarisse got soaked." Percy grinned at the memory. "Blew up the toilets?" Paul questioned. He was starting to feel like parrot, repeating phrases that Percy said, but he couldn't help it. He was shocked. Percy ginned at him, looking proud of himself. "In all fairness, she was going to shove my head down them." "How did you…" Paul trailed off. There was no way that anyone could set up explosives with their head halfway down a toilet. "Oh, I control water. Son of Poseidon and all," he said this like he would say that they needed to get milk. "Can I see?" Paul asked. The shock was beginning to wear off, only to be replaced by a burning curiosity. "I… I guess so. I'm really sorry if you get soaked." Percy said. He closed his eyes and concentrated for a moment on the plumbing. He could feel the water going around the building, rushing and stopping when taps were turned on and off. Once again, he was one with the plumbing. There was a familiar wrenching sensation on his gut as water from the kitchen sink rushed into the living room, flowing with the force of a river. Paul wound up drenched, but there was a neat dry circle around Percy. "Percy! You'd better clean that up. " A very annoyed voice came from the kitchen. "Sorry Mom!" He called back. He touched the carpet with his palm and everything was dry again. Paul's jaw was on his chest. There was cool. There was amazing. And then there was this. "How old were you, when- when you started this half-blood business?" Paul asked. Percy made a few executive decisions about a appropriately watered down story to tell Paul. "I was twelve," Percy said. That's when I met my first friend from camp who just so happened to be half-goat." Percy lanced into his watered down explanation, leaving out Kronos and Luke and almost all of the monsters he had fought. By the end of the story, Percy was jealous of this kid, who didn't have a prophecy of a war to worry about. Honestly, this kid had it good, with an occasional skirmish with a monster on simple adventures with his best friends. Paul thought this kid was pretty brave though, the way his eyes had gotten wide, and his eyebrows inched up his face with every word. "But you go to high school!" Paul said again. Was it really possible that there was a group of teenagers somewhere in the world that were protecting them where the "regular mortal" police could not? It was pretty wild. Percy laughed again. "Yeah, so anyway, it's been nice talking to you and all. but I have to go make a couple of I'Ms to camp, so I've got to run, but my mom would probably explain more if you have questions, alright?" Paul nodded numbly, his mind racing trying to process all this new information. His soon to be step son was half god. He was a good kid. He was responsible and mature no matter what all his teachers would say. He had a good heart. And for that, Paul knew that somehow it would be okay. Hey! So don't forget to leave a review!