her. She cautiously clambered on behind him, and wrapped her arms tightly around his waist. She tried to ignore the fact that despite the engine grease, he smelled really good . To distract herself, she focused on his suspenders and started counting the fibres in them. Then the roar of the bike started up and they were moving. Calypso immediately stopped counting the fibres and buried her face in Leo's back. Something about the moving made her feel funny, and she really didn't want to think about falling off. He seemed to realise that she was petrified, and laughed. Somehow, the sound calmed her a bit. 'It's fine, really,' he assured her. 'You'll get used to it.' Calypso wasn't so sure. Ten torturous minutes later, however, they slowed to a stop outside a building. It was a single storey, with several large roller doors on the front. There was a normal door around the side. 'Is this your business?' Calypso asked as she absorbed the sight. Leo nodded. 'Yep.' He pushed open the door and stepped back so she could walk inside. Inside, the floor was concrete, and the walls and roof were corrugated iron. There were shelves upon shelves of car parts, and there were three out on the floor, apparently undergoing repairs. 'See all this?' Leo said. 'There's a lot of money and numbers involved. And me; I'm both stupid and dyslexic.' Calypso swatted him on the arm, but he continued, undeterred. 'People don't generally trust a teenager straight out of school doing their paperwork, but hey, they might trust a pretty teenager straight out of school. What say you?' Calypso paused. 'Wait. You're hiring me?' He shrugged offhandedly. 'If you want. I can't afford to pay much, but it's probably more than that damn café.' 'Anything is better than that place,' she said breathlessly, looking around. 'I don't – I – I'm not -' 'Take it or leave it, Sunshine,' he said, cracking a grin. 'I – I'll take it.' 'Good choice.' He clapped her on the arm, and Calypso felt butterflies explode in her stomach. Then, in a spur-of-the-moment decision, because her relief and happiness was ridiculously overwhelming, she flung her arms around his neck and kissed him. The aftermath was not so pretty. The second she realised what she had done, Calypso yanked herself away just as quickly, before turning and bolting. Damn it. She had just messed things up badly . In the past, she had been awful with acting upon instinct, and now it had just landed her in an irreversible position. There was no doubt Leo didn't want to hire her now . The path felt harder than usual beneath her feet as she sprinted back in the direction of the café, and the heat of the day was scorching. Sweat was already running down the back of her neck as she began to navigate pedestrian crossings, zigzagging her way through the streets. It took her a moment to realise she was crying. Damn it, she had been so stressed out this past week, with trying to find a job, and suppressing a gradual build-up of emotions for Leo, that she supposed she was going to crack sooner or later. She just couldn't believe that she'd fallen for him that quickly. It wasn't fair. She already had a messed up family – her parents were divorced – and now she was living alone in the middle of Texas without a job or a university degree. And now, fate probably wasn't going to allow her to have a love life. Typically. Suddenly she was there – in the safety of the café, relishing the air conditioning. With a sigh, she wiped away the tears and went to put her apron back on. What was she going to do now? She didn't expect a visit from Leo the next day, so she wasn't surprised when he didn't come. That didn't stop the horrible sinking feeling in her chest however, and she was a lot more deflated than usual as she went about her business. Michael had already returned her folder of paperwork and personal details, and she had shoved it into her handbag with a resigned feeling. After today, she would be unemployed. She didn't like the thought. At five o'clock, she was ready to leave for the last time. The floor was swept, the glasses cleaned, and Calypso was just about to shut the door and flip the Closed sign when a motorbike pulled up. A familiar looking rider got off and removed his helmet. 'Wait, Sunshine!' Calypso froze, a sick feeling building in the bottom of her stomach. 'What do you want?' she asked sullenly. 'Well, you disappeared a bit to quickly yesterday. I didn't have time to ask you for something.' She sighed. 'And what is that?' He gave a shrug as though it were obvious. 'Your paperwork.' She paused. 'What?' 'Your paperwork,' he repeated. 'I can't hire you without tax details or anything, now, can I?' 'Wh – hire me? ' 'That's what we agreed on, wasn't it?' 'Y-you still want to?' He shrugged. 'Sure. I don't see why that should change. And besides, you're a fantastic kisser. I'd be stupid to let you go now, wouldn't I?' Calypso just stood there, gaping like a fish out of water. 'Well,' Leo prodded. 'Say something.' 'I -' Slowly, a grin began to unfurl on Calypso's face. ' Thank you! ' Then, she quite promptly launched herself at him in a hug. He laughed as they stumbled fully out onto the path and hugged her back just as tightly, swaying a little bit. Then, he made the move and turned his head to kiss her , right there, in the middle of the street. Calypso felt those butterflies come back in a violent horde, and moved her arms so they were around his shoulders, and kissed him back. This time, no one ran away. Calypso knew she could get used to it.