spiked up, lightly tanned skin, and the same striking electric blue eyes that Lee had—very handsome. He was wearing the orange Camp Half-Blood t-shirt, jeans, and sneakers that seemed to be the standard attire here. He was still carrying his bow. Ray immediately scowled. "I'm not screaming. Why don't you mind your own business, Paris?" Paris rolled his eyes. "Please. If there's a new camper, I need to be here to help." Cassie seemed to want to say something, but stopped herself because Chiron spoke again. "Children, behave yourselves," he said sternly. "You're not providing Eleni with a good example of what we expect of our campers." "My apologies, Chiron," Paris said. "I meant no harm. Let me introduce myself. I'm Paris Leroy, the counselor of Cabin One—Zeus's cabin." So he was Lee's brother? Well, probably half brother since they didn't really share any features other than eye color. I wasn't quite so sure why Cassie and Ray didn't like him. He seemed polite and charming. Was I missing something? "No harm done, Paris," Chiron chuckled. "But we should get you settled in, Eleni. Cassie, please give her a tour of the camp grounds and take her to the armory to choose a weapon. Ray, inform Sam that there is a new camper who needs temporary quarters in Cabin Eleven." "All right," Cassie said. "But I have a question real quick—did Will and Nico leave already?" "Ah, yes, I believe they have," Chiron answered. "They finished their investigation rather quickly." "What investigation?" I asked curiously. The centaur winced, shifting on his hooves. "For the past month… every week, a camper has been found dead. The cause of death has been unknown. Due to Nico being the son of Hades, we asked him to look around camp to see if he could find any clues. Will, his husband, decided to come along to help." My eyes widened with horror, chills running through me. Oh my gods… there were murders happening?! That… that was horrible! "So far, all the victims have been girls," Paris said grimly. "A couple were even Roman, from the exchange program we do with Camp Jupiter." "There's a Roman camp?" I asked in surprise. "Yeah, which I would get to explaining if I got the chance," Cassie said with exasperation. "Let's go. It's too bad they already left, but oh well." "O-Okay," I said, following after he as she walked away. Cassie proceeded to show me around the camp, while Misty decided to stay with Chiron. The whole place was huge . I wasn't really sure hat I expected, but this wasn't it. And I was probably going to get lost. That was something I was not really looking forward to. "Here's the Forge," Cassie said, gesturing to a building that looked like a mash-up of a Greek temple and a train. The white marble was stained with soot, and smoke was coming out of the chimneys. I could hear people working inside, pounding away at metal. "The Hephaestus kids—Cabin Nine—are always working in there." But then the door opened, and someone stepped outside. It was a girl, probably around my age, of Hispanic decent. She had long, pin straight jet black hair pulled back into a high ponytail, with fringe bangs falling down to right above her sea green eyes. Her skin was bronzed with tan, but her natural complexion was probably light brown. She was the first person I've seen not wearing the orange Camp Half-Blood t-shirt. She was just shrugging on a black leather bomber jacket over a black tank top that said something in white that I couldn't make out, black skinny jeans, and black combat boots. Gosh, even I didn't wear that much black. "Who's that?" I asked, looking over at Cassie. "Maia de la Fuente," she answered. "She's one of the exchange campers from Camp Jupiter, a daughter of Neptune." My eyes widened. "She doesn't seem very… Roman." Cassie snorted. "Oh, you haven't seen anything yet." I… wasn't sure how I felt about that. "Heeey, Maia!" Cassie called to her, catching her attention. "Wait up!" The girl stopped, looking very much irritated as she crossed her arms over her chest, waiting for us to catch up to her. "What do you want?" she demanded. "Sheesh, I just wanted to introduce you to our new camper," Cassie said. "Maia, this is Eleni Spiros. Eleni, this is Maia de la Fuente." "It's, um, nice to meet you," I said. Maia rolled her eyes. "Yeah, whatever." "What were you doing in the Forge?" I asked curiously. She let out an annoyed sigh. "Working, duh. I'm a legacy of Hephaestus." "Legacies are descendants of the gods," Cassie explained. "You'll find them more at Camp Jupiter than here." Maia scowled. "Yeah, well, if you'll excuse me , I'm gonna check on the rest of the exchange campers who aren't dead." Before either Cassie or I could say anything, Maia shoved her hands into her pockets and stormed off. I… got the feeling that she wasn't the happiest nor friendliest person here… I wondered what on earth made her that way. Cassie grimaced. "Sorry about that. Maia's… a piece of work. And that was her behaving ." ...Oh gods. "I'll… keep that in mind." But, hopefully I'd be able to make more friends here… despite whatever was going on. Hello everyone, and thank you for taking the time to read this! This is the revamp of a fic I had about two years ago. I wanted to give another oc based PJO fic a go, and decided to use an old fic of mine as the basis. The story will follow six demigods, and chapters will alternate through their povs, like in HoO. I'm using a lot of motifs from the Trojan War, which you probably have noticed. I won't have many A/Ns after this, unless there's something I need to say. Again, thank you for reading, and I would love to hear from you in a review!