name is Catelyn Schrier but...you could call me Cat, if you wish." "Hi, Cat," one of the boys said. "I'm Pollux and this is Castor. We're twins." The three demigods started to walk away to a place unknown to Catelyn. "I figured, you two look very much alike. I had a twin once…" she trailed off, starting to feel sad when she thought about her beloved twin. Lucky for her, the two boys didn't push her to say anything else. "So…you're not from around here, are you?" Castor asked. "You would be correct. I was living in Germany before I came here," Catelyn answered. She figured she could tell them that. "You're from Germany?" Pollux asked. " Ja ." The boys showed Catelyn around the camp. They showed her where the mess hall was, the cabins, training sessions, etc. Castor and Pollux where taking Catelyn to the Aphrodite cabin when they ran into Silena. "Hey, Silena!" Castor called out to the girl. She had black hair and brown eyes. Catelyn had to admit, Silena was a very beautiful girl. "Can you come over here?" Silena jogged over to the trio. "Hi Castor, hi Pollux. Who's this?" she looked at Catelyn. "I'm Silena Beauregard." "I am Catelyn Schrier," Catelyn replied. "Cat's new here," Pollux informed Silena. "And Chiron told us we needed to take her to your cabin for some clothes. Do you think you can help out?" "Well of course I can!" Silena exclaimed. She grabbed Catelyn's hand, which made Catelyn squeak. She did not like being touched. Especially since Silena grabbed the arm that had the strange tattoo on it and it could be easily seen if the girls weren't careful. "Come on!" "Um…be careful with her, Silena. She's very shy!" Pollux called after the two girls. He felt worried for Catelyn. She was rather a secretive person, sure, but Pollux was sure that she had her reasons. "Bye Catelyn! We'll see you later!" Castor snickered, mostly at his brother. This did not go unnoticed by Pollux, who looked at him. "What are you laughing at?" "Nothing," Castor gave his brother a smile. Silena was very nice to Catelyn. The latter was not used to people being so kind to her. At least, it's been a long (so long) time since someone has shown so much sincerity to her. Just because Silena was nice to her, Catelyn responded to in less of a sarcastic, trickster way and instead spoke to her in a quieter tone. Silena didn't mind that at all. "So where are you from? Your accent sounds German, but there's something else that I can't place," Silena inquired, as she played with Catelyn's hair. She had told Catelyn that her hair was beautiful "I lived in Germany for a while," Catelyn told Silena. "My family is from Eastern Europe, so maybe that is what throwing you off?" "Okay," Silena accepted the answer. "Why did you come here?" After she had said that she thought that that was a stupid question, but Catelyn didn't seem to mind, even though she had hesitated on it. "I came here because…I am needed. My phral needs me." Silena paused, hearing the strange word come out from Catelyn's mouth. " Phral ?" At first, Catelyn was confused. " Phral ? What do you mean…oh, you're saying 'brother'!" "Brother?" Now it was Silena's turn to be confused. "You just used Romani. Phral means 'brother'," Catelyn explained. Silena wasn't sure if any of this was adding up. Maybe she should talk to Chiron later. "So you're here for your brother? Is he in the camp?" Silena asked. Catelyn blinked for a few moments, trying to remember their most recent conversation. "Ah… ja ! I am. I am." "Is he here?" Silena asked. Catelyn shook her head no. Silena nodded in understanding, mostly to herself. Catelyn was an…odd girl to say in the least. Not that it was a bad thing! No, she was just very reserved, and gave a mysterious vibe which made everyone so far ask, "Who is she?" This was Catelyn's first time eating in the mess hall. In fact, this was the first time of her attempting (key word, attempting ) to eat in such a long time. In the end, she retired to the Big House early, where Chiron was allowing her to stay in. Which turned out to be a great idea, because in the middle of the night, she had woken up in a frantic mess. She had fallen asleep around midnight, and woke up ninety minutes later, sweating and shaking. She had shot up from the bed she was laying, clutching her head. She was afraid. She couldn't quite remember what the nightmare was about, but she knew it was not pleasant at all. The highlights she could remember was the hot sensation of torture . As soon as Catelyn had shot up from her bed, she had rolled out of it, still tangled in the sheets as she fell onto the floor. She was in a panic as she tried to free herself, stumbling to the bathroom. She was cursing in all the languages she knew as she grasped onto the sink, forcing herself to not look into the mirror. The young (yet so old) daughter of Hades could not calm herself down. The flashbacks she had seen and could still feel the effects of was still attacking her, like those horrid people had to her. Eventually she had vomited into the sink. After Catelyn had gotten sick, all she could do was slowly sink to the ground. She rest against the cabinet, her legs brought close to her torso by one arm wrapped around them. Her free arm, she had found, was bringing her free hand up to one side of her head, clutching to her thick hair. The demigod was finding herself to wonder if she can survive in this world. Translations Arvah - Yes Ja - Yes Nein - No Phral - Brother