the employees giving three quick whistle blows. The after school program was over, kids were getting out of the pool and - "I think nows your chance." Another lifeguard had just walked over to Percy and taken the life preserver from him. They were switching up. "Coach Percy!" Shit. I'd meant for her to go to him. Not for her to call him over here. But there she was standing and waving him over and calling his name and... He was coming. Oh God he was coming over. "Hey Bianca!" My heart froze and I looked at my bench friend in shock. The name of this laughing, smiling, drawing girl with the broken arm was Bianca. Why did it have to be Bianca and Percy? "Look! Look!" The girl – Bianca quickly scrawled her name on her drawing and tore it from her scribbler and jumped up, hurrying down to Percy and holding the paper out to him. "What's this?" He took it from her in his slender hands. "Is this me? Aw, Bianca!" Percy always had an odd way of quirking his lips when he smiled, giving it the appearance of being crooked. The grin lit up his face and he draped an arm around Bianca, hugging her close. Her smile was from ear to ear as she hugged him tight, the side of her face pressed against his hip. Percy crouched down to her level. The adoration on her face was almost palpable. It was an expression I recognized very well, it was one I used to wear for the same person a long, long time ago. I wonder if Percy even remembers my name, let alone the way I used to look at him. "I love it Bianca!" He looked back at the drawing. "Gonna put this right on my fridge when I get home." The fridge. A high place of honour among child artists. Bianca squealed with delight and then... Oh no. Oh no! I felt like everything was moving in slow motion. The way she lifted her broken arm, forefinger pointing up, straight at me. I could see the words on her mouth just as well as I could hear them. "He drew you too! Look!" And then Percy's gaze rose up to me sitting on the bench and I could only stare in growing horror as Binaca took Percy's freehand and tugged him over to the stand stairs and up the few to - "Uh, uh..." The same brilliant statement from this morning. "Show him!" Bianca ordered me cheerfully. Percy for his part, looked both genuinely amused and curious. I sigh dramatically. Outwardly, I'm sure I look just as dark and broody as ever. On the inside I'm frantically gathering my thoughts. Percy wasn't supposed to ever actually see a drawing of him I'd done. "It's um... Not as good as yours though." Maybe that'll get her off my case. "Yes it is!" She insisted. I just stared down at my book. My face feeling hot. "Bianca, if he doesn't wanna show me..." Then came the sound of ripping paper. It was like my hands had just come alive on their own and one was tearing the page from my book and holding it out to him, my other was clutching my very hot and likely red face. Oh god. I felt him take the paper from me. Oh god. Oh god. I jumped to my feet and threw my backpack over my shoulder. "There's a – I have to – I'll be going now!" Yeah. I know. Smooth right? I jumped the stand benches like they were really far apart stairs and moved as quickly out of the pool area as I could without breaking the 'no running' rule. I don't think I stopped moving until I was halfway home whereupon I just leaned against the chain link fence surrounding the park and hugged my sketchbook and tried to remember how to breathe. It was like when my hands just started doing things without me, the rest of me followed suit. Every nerve in my body had just started shouting for me to get out of there. To get away from Bianca and Percy. I didn't want to see him look at the drawing. I didn't want to see his face when he saw himself on that white page. I took a deep breath and tilted my head back, exhaling slowly. One of my hands carefully went down to my side, curling into a fist. I fought back against my anxiety. I held my breath for a count of seven and let it out to the count of seven. I kept doing that until I was able to feel my knees again and uncurl my hand. Shit. I think I stayed there for a few minutes, just enough to get myself totally under control again and then I continued home. When I walked into my apartment, the first thing to hit me was the fresh smell of Irish Springs. The second was the balled up towel. "Would you turn on your phone, just for once?" And there was Will, obviously just having gotten out of shower. His wavy blonde hair was still a bit wet, his white t-shirt was clinging to his damp skin and he was wearing those hideously ugly grey sweat pants he wears when he's 'comfy'. "What?" I blinked. "I've been texting you about what you wanted for supper. You didn't answer, so you'll just have to put up with canned soup." I didn't need supper. I was busy feasting my eyes on Will. I let my back pack fall off my shoulder and set my sketchbook down beside it. I shrugged out of my jacket and slipped my shoes off. Will had his hands on his hips and that grumpy look he gets on his face when he's had enough of my shit. I ignored it and wrapped my arms around him instead. "I think I'll just have you."