luckily blowing one of the aliens heads away. My rifle clicked empty...again. Piper ejected the clip and stuffed in a new One and cycled a round into the chamber. Then she continued shooting until the thirty round Clip was empty. She was about to reload again when she heard AP rounds tearing through the bushes with deadly accuracy, cutting down grunts and Jackels. Then I saw him. A giant Spartan tore through the trees, his assault rifle blazing as he tore the enemy patrol apart. Less than ten seconds later the skirmish was over. "Are they dead?" Frank asked. Again Annabeth answered. "These are, Private. The Covenant is starting to glass the planet ahead of schedule. They are starting at the poles and are continuing in the standard pattern. The good news is that the Covenant is pulling back all its forces. The bad news is that our dust off schedule is being scrambled. Now, the enemy AA batteries are being disassembled but we have to find to an LZ and hope that a Pelican arrives in time before we get burned to glass." Frank visibly gulped at this. "How much time do we have?" "One way or another this will end in about one hour." Piper glanced up into Perseus's reflective visor but the Spartan stayed silent. Then she realized that the warrior preferred to let his AI do the talking. Finally, Perseus did speak, his deep voice coming from loudspeakers in the side of his helmet. "We make double time to the edge of the woods for about six clicks. We have to leave now." Frank attached his rifle to his belt and moved to pick Hazel up again. The moment he took on the smaller girls weight his legs buckled from the exhaustion. They would have gone down but Perseus caught them. "You're to exhausted to carry her Private, I'll take her." Perseus laid Hazel over his shoulder and pulled Frank to his feet. "Double time marines." For the next forty minutes, they jogged through the dark woods. At some point, Annabeth announced that a Pelican was underway to pick them up and finally they broke through the tree line and found themselves standing in a valley with thick wet grass crunching under their feet. Piper was shocked to see that the western horizon was glowing dark red. Thick clouds of smoke scorched the sky. The clouds were also glowing dark red as they reflected the inferno on the other side of the horizon. Piper understood what she was seeing. The Covenant was burning the planet. "Now what?" she asked. Perseus lay Hazel down in the grass and Frank was at her side within a second. Piper, however, found myself standing at the Spartan's side, staring at the glowing red horizon. "I just talked to Jako, the pilot of Speed bird 059. He is two minutes out and he said he has a medic on board for Private Levesque." Finally, Piper heard the distant roaring of engines and twisted her head until she spotted a Pelican heading in their direction. Perseus pulled a short black stick from a slot in his armor and punched the lower half against his waist. The tip lit up with blueish white light and glowing blue smoke spread around us as the torch marked our location. The Pelican adjusted its course and headed straight for them. Two minutes later the bird put down right in front of them. The aft ramp lowered itself, inviting them into the red-lit crew cabin. A medic rushed out and helped Frank carry her into the drop ships belly. Piper followed them and Perseus was right on her heals. The moment later they were safely on board, the Pelican lurched into the air and speeded of into the night. Piper sat down in the closest chair to the aft door, opposite of where Perseus was sitting while Hazel was lying on the floor between them. Frank and the medic were working on wounded marine "Welcome back 118. The prowler UNSC Spirit is waiting up for us. Good job today. You to Chase." Suddenly the holo emitter at the roof of the crew cabin started glowing blue and the holographic transparent 3D image of a beautiful blond teenage girl flickered to life. She had a knife strapped to her leg, apart from that she looked like a nerd with a backpack on her back and a few books clutched in her arms. This had to be Annabeth. "Thanks, Jako," the hologram chirped and sat down next the Perseus. She was tiny compared to him. Annabeth's head didn't even reach her hosts shoulder. The aft ramp started moving up and Piper got one last glance of the burning world below them. Then the door sealed. Perseus grabbed the sides of his helmet and pulled. She heard seals hissing and the helmet slid off and was set down on its owner's lap. Even in the red light, she could tell that the Spartan's was very pale, probably because he wasn't exposed to much sunlight in his armor. He had short black hair and hard green eyes, his lips were pursed in a way that let him look grim. He was quite good looking in a hard, tough way. Their eyes met and the Spartan gave her a Curt nod. "Good work soldier." Piper tried to smile but failed. All in all that was one hell of a compliment. At that moment Piper realizes how terrified she had been for the last two days. She relaxed her grip on her rifle and closed her eyes. Sure, that after what she had been through she would never be able to sleep darkness took her. So, what do you folks think so far? I might come back to FF. Sadly my other stories are so far behind my current standards that I can't really see myself working on them. Visit me on wattpad. My pen name is WinterWolf561. Winter Wolf over and out.