way around. So we were on a star ship now... The downside was that the capsule had obviously been put down the wrong way around and my blood was rushing to my head. I grimaced at Thalia. "Well then. Living or dying." Then I unbuckled my harnish and fell through the capsule and landed hard on my arm making me cry out in pain. Thalia also dropped down next to me but managed to land more efficient. She helped me to my feet. I sighed and pressed the release bottom for the escape hatch at the side of the craft. It was blown out and I found myself staring at the inside of the huge hangar bay of a battle star. And then I saw the two dozen marines in high tech body armor (Halo armor) pointing assault rifles at me. –-line breaker- Thalia and I were sitting in an interrogation room. I knew that any laws about how to treat POW´s (Prisoner of war) did´t count on us because neither Olympus nor Athens had declared war on Atlantis. From a legal point of view we were spies and I knew how spies could be treated. Especial because we had entered restricted space and had been hailed and warned. They had followed rules of engagement. They had played after the rules the whole time and now there were none anymore for them to play after. There was a good chance that we would be interrogated and then killed or locked away for ever until someone negotiated our release in an exchange. It maybe unethical but it was legitimate. Everyone did it. Thalia looked as scared as I felt. We both knew how illegal or incursion was. Well that was in the unlikely case that Olympus and Athens admitted to ordering our operation. But they would most likely deny it and claim that we were going rough and dis vow us. Then we would be trialed by the highest ranking officers on board as common criminals for illegal entry into restricted military space wich could mean that we would be air locked or would go to prison. The other possibility was that we would be taken as prizes of war. The international laws started that if a ship didn´t play after the rules and got captured and no one claimed responsibility for the vessel the ship and everything on board got divided to the crew of the victorious ship. Yes, sadly by Olympian law slavery was legal. So no madder how it went we were screwed. Finally the door opened and a pail guy, with black hair and ebony eyes and a depressed aura around him entered the room. He was about twenty five years old. He glared at us and sat down opposite of us. "I am commander Nico Di Angelo. The XO of the Battle star Andromeda. Admiral Jackson will be joining us shortly. You are?" "I am Annabeth Chase. I am a citizen of Athena and I am a officer in the space command." Thalia sighed. "I am Thalia Grace. I am a Olympian citizen. I am a officer in the Olympian defense force." He sighed. "So. What was your business in restricted military space. This is officially a testing ground for advanced technology. You know how this looks like?" Only when I started stuttering did I notice how scared I was. "We were sent on a recon mission by the Athenian and Olympian joint headquarters." He nodded. "We recovered your orders of deployment and your uniforms support your claims. Now we have already sent a message back to your emissaries in Atlantis to ask for confirmation." There was a short silence. We all knew that they would deny any involvement and that we were telling the truth. Nico sighed. "You know. If you had powered down and allowed yourself to be border when we hailed you could have just said that your calculations for the FTL jump were off or something...running away could quite possible get you air locked and there is nothing I can really do about it... this is really serious. Because of your uniforms and your documents serving as evidence that this was in fact a sanctioned operation a lawyer will come aboard and he will conduct your trial. I could feel my mouth go dry. If this had been solved internally by the Atlantian fleet we could get a relative easy pass because people from all sides got caught in these operations and their was always the hope that if you let the operatives of the other side get of easy and treated them well that your own people would receive similar treatment. And Admiral Jackson had the reputation of an easy going, even childish person so there was a good chance that the sentence wouldn´t be to hard no madder how this went. "So how will this go?" I ask nervously. Normally I was a confident person but Thalia and my lives were on the line here. "Well. The Admiral and I will interrogate you. Then he, I, you two, and a prosecutor will have a nice long chat to make sure everyone knows were we are standing and then you will be brought before a judge who will decide your fate." And then the door opens and a much to familiar man with black hair and Sea green eyes enters the room. Well I hope you had lot´s of fun. Tell me what you think. This won´t be a childs story and there will be a hand full of lemons in this story but that will be much later. This story has huge numbers of casualties programmed into it so don´t be surprised. Tell me what you think. Please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please Review.