some sub skills involving maths such as. Sub skills - Basic Maths Algebra - Lv 1(90%) A tough type of math involving letters and sequences to work it out. Fractions Lv 2(25%) Can use fractions to work out halves and other values using it. Adding - LvMax(0%) You know how to count. Subtracting - LvMax(0%) You know how to take away. Percentages - Lv 3(90%) You understand the use of percentages. Yeah I had three whole hours of maths with a small 15 minute break in there so been a hard day but I also got some rewards in my intelligence and wisdom. Int- 12(-2)10 Wis-15(-2)13 I had levelled both my intelligence up by 7 and wisdom up by a 8 whole stat points. Gained loads of skills which will help me out in life and this was but a single day in to my new powers and I'm already 10 x smarter than before. Amazing right. Hard to believe well believe it people paying attention in maths I recommend if you are a gamer as it will help you the most in life. But now I was currently waiting for Grover to finish falling asleep as I wished to train in my mana which regenerates really slow by the way. As in went through a few settings and found this informations. Wisdom x 2 = Mana regeneration per minute So my regeneration per minute was currently 30 as it goes of my base stat. Also finding my Health regeneration being. End x 2 = Health regeneration per minute So my health regeneration goes up by 14 per minute. which to be honest is better than nothing considering I don't have much health but still would take me a long time to heal so I need to start working out and using my mana today to hopefully decrease the effort it would take or create some new moves or improve upon my mana somehow. Anyway the soft snore coming from Grover indicated he would be out for enough time for me to get some training done plus he sleeps like the dead. Climbing out of bed I thought on what to improve upon first and decided I would work on my strength and then thought if I used my exo mana would it help me gain quicker or slow it down so activating mana exo suit as my mana drained by 400. After feeling it form I got in a push up position and proceeded to start doing my push ups. ... 26 ... 44 ...67...89...100 After doing 100 push ups and hearing a lot of pings I looked up to see something that shocked me as I didn't expect it to work so well. Str- 12(6)18 End- 10(6)16 This shocked me at seeing how easy it had gone up giving me broken stats already. I love it. My health regen is now 32 per min so soon in less than a minute I will be able to fully heal but then again not much health. Ping Daily Reward This happens once a day if you do not level up giving the user 1,000xp this will be the same amount throughout your life. Gained 1,000xp Ping You have levelled up (4) times. Current experience is 100/500 till next level up. You have gained 20 stat points and 20 bonus points. My stats are so broken it is unreal my base stats are normal its the demi-god perk working with the chaotic gamer perk because at level 5 I am gaining plus 10 to all stats if I got level 20 I would have 20 base for demi-god and 20 base for chaotic giving me 40 stats on just them alone. My health and mana had also gone up 50hp/mp each per level up so currently I an on. Hp- 300/300 : Mp- 1200/1200 Now with my increased stats I figured to keep my points and sleep on what to do with them tomorrow. And I figured I would work on my mana then as well in a more secluded area as to not wake anyone up. Plus if I don't level up tomorrow then I gain another 1,000 experience which will help me level up at least almost twice I believe but if I get option to earn more then I would. So with this final thought crossing my mind I simply crashed onto my bed darkness taking over my vision instantly. A/N - Right. This was one hell of a chapter wasn't it and no i havnt given him inventory yet he will get it sometime later when i can be bothered to add it in. Btw if i didn't say i was hoping for a beta so pm about that people who wish to help not just early chapter grabbers. Because 10k words a chapter is my goal and once a week if not then well I'm sorry. Reviews - Death Fury - Do you have any pairing ideas? No not really I keep thinking maybe a mortal who clear sighted or a badass oc. But I'm open to suggestions so leave those down in the reviews. Killerman118- Update when you can please Will do when i can buddy Percy Jackson7 - Better than the last story so far. Also very true the first story to be honest was complete wank and going no where with itself where as now i got the plot got the dialogue i got the story i just need to spell and get me grammar right xD Right next chapter should be ready next sunday but i got 5 days on holiday partying so ill get it done with few no sleep nights for ya before i go back college. See ya next chapter and review people it helps me feel better xD. When you delete wrong story so you repost this chap cuz prologue is gonzo soz peeps it will be updated eventually just been busy and not feeling this book atm