rhythm of my thrusting as I grab one of them and roll the nipple in between my fingers, then I lower my head and kiss her sweet spot I discover when we were in the bubble making out. She entwined her arms around my neck, bringing me even closer to her. "Oohhh….. Percy, please… make me cum." When I thrust my full length inside her again, she screamed, "Oh god, Percy!" The feeling in my stomach was building, I could tell that I was going to come soon. My rhythm became irregular and breathing hitch up a hundred times. All I focus on was to keep thrusting inside her pussy. THRUST…. THRUST…. THRUST….. The sound of squelching and my ball sack hitting her ass was music to me ears. I tried to hold it back, but with one final push, I felt her walls convulse around my cock as she came. "Ahh…. I am cumming…" She screamed. Her pussy was just too damn tight as I came inside her right after she convulsed around me. "Oh god!" I groan as my seed poured inside her. There was not a moment more perfect than this one we shared right now. Post-sex bliss settled around us as I pull out of her, white cum dripping out of her pussy onto the bed. I collapse next to her, panting heavily as I look into her eyes. They were more beautiful than ever before. The way her silly smile beam at me and her blond hair spread across the bed made her look like a goddess. She kissed me while I pull the blanket over us. Before I fell asleep from the tiredness, I wrapped my arms around her waist and said, "I love you, Annabeth." "I love you too, Percy." She said and fell asleep with me. The first thing I saw when I woke up were sapphire waves on my cabin's celling. The feeling of tiredness still settled around me. I smile just as I remember what happened in a few hours ago. Oh man, I cannot believe I just had my first time with Annaebeth. Seeking for her warmth, I found nothing except for the coldness of the sheets of blankets. "Annabeth?" I said confused. Did she leave back to her cabin? Just as I was about to look for her, a bright light shined in the center of the room, forcing me to cover my eyes. "Aphrodite?" I asked as soon as the light died down. "Did you have fun, Percy?" She said smiling. I blush a deep shade of red knowing that she knew Annabeth and I had sex. "What are you doing here?" "Well, first of all, I am here to congratulate you for defeating the titans." She said, "Second of all, I just want to find out if the gift I gave you works for not, and apparently it does." "What are you talking about?" I asked. "Silly, I am talking about the wristband you are wearing." She said pointing to the white wristband. "What about it?" I said staring at it. "It allows you to dream of you desire when you know you can't have them. So don't be mad, but you didn't really had sex with Annabeth." Okay, a wristband that allows you to dream of anything you desire? I am not sure who is more crazy, me or Aphrodite. As if reading my thoughts, she said, "You don't have to doubt me, just check under you blankets." It was then I realized that something sticky was in my underwear. Hold on, I wasn't wearing my boxers after I had….. Oh you gotta be kidding me… "You are saying that I dream about that whole thing?" "Yup." I am not sure if I should be mad or actually glad about this. But I am definitely mad that I didn't really had sex with Annabeth. "Look at it this way, Percy, each time you use the wristband, you get more and more experience with having sex. So it does kind of help with your real first time with Annabeth." "Plus, you can use it with other girls too, you know?" That perks me right up, having fake sex with other girls without Annabeth knowing it? Though I knew it is super wrong, can't help but liking the idea. "Anyway, I should go. Enjoy the gift, Percy." She smiled and disappeared. The first thing I did after she disappeared was changing out of the wet boxers I am wearing right now, and then I climb back on top of my bed and lay down, thinking about what Aphrodite had said to me. " You can use it with other girls too, you know?" That was the last thing I thought of before I fell asleep. AN: Hooray, my third story. Well, not really a story, more like smut chapters story, but there is still a plot behind it. (Didn't see that coming, did you?) The next chapter is probably still going to be Annabeth, only with more hardcore sex for you pleasure, 'cause that's why you are reading this, right? Just so you know and for the sake of this story, character from the Heroes of Olympus is going to appear in here. (More girls for Percy, don't you think so?) Sex scene in Annabeth's pov is also going to be address. For my other story "After the War", I will probably post another chapter in about a month and a half. Those who can't wait until that chapter, I'll give you a hint: Something will happen to both Percy and Calypso. For the story "Percabeth Random one shot", a new chapter will probably be post in about two to three weeks, depending on whether I have a lot of work to do or not. After the second chapter for this story, you guys can start posting me review or PM me any ideas you have, and I will consider writing them in. Love you all, Jason