to visit those three for many, many years. They'll be more than fine." Isabella gave a relieved smile before staring at her corpse again. "But..my..." "And I won't be seeing them for a great many years, either," Thanatos interrupted. "It looks as if you'll be alone in the Underworld for quite some time." His words brought a grin to her face. He shook his head in good humor before putting his tablet away. "Well then, it's time for you to go." He offered her his other hand to take as well. She took it without hesitation and the world blurred into a much darker scene. Thanatos released her hands and motioned her to a line of souls waiting for Charon's ferry. "You do have a drachma, don't you?" Isabella reached for her neck and lifted a necklace into view. She effortlessly popped out the gemstone resting in the amulet and revealed a golden coin hiding inside. She placed the coin in her palm and replaced the precious stone. "Had one waiting since before the fight with Gaea. Though, I expected to be killed by a Roman demigod that day and not have to fight servants of a Titan," she mused. "I never thought I'd live through a Titan war," she admitted. The god of death chuckled. "You're a clever one," he praised. "Most demigods are always running from death. You just seem to expect it." Isabella smiled faintly. Thanatos looked back at the exit from the Underworld. "I must be taking my leave now. Good luck with your boat ride, Isabella Holly." He turned to leave but Isabella reached out before he could, her hand hovering over his cloak. "Thanatos. When you see my father again, could you give him a message for me, please," she asked gently. He smirked. "And why would you think I would see your father," he asked. "Morpheus. You're the twin of his father, Hypnos and thus, his uncle. You're bound to see him eventually." Thanatos shrugged. "Seeing as you haven't exactly had a last request, I'll relay a message for you. What do you want him to know?" Isabella gave a small, faint smile. "Please tell him I said thanks for the shield." Thanatos raised an eyebrow. "Is that all?" "He'll know what I mean," she replied. Thanatos said nothing more. Instead he turned and started to walk away before disappearing in the blink of an eye. Thanatos reappeared on the same street he had been on moments ago, much to his surprise. He looked ahead to find the body of Isabella Holly exactly as it was, her face fixed into a small smile. Beside the corpse stood a figure concealed in a black, almost leathery cloak, his body shimmering and fading as if nothing more than a mirage. His skin had an almost deathly pallor which was further made noticeable by his shockingly white hair and dark attire. The man stood grimly over the body, his bright blue eyes examining her with slumped shoulders. Sympathy flashed for a mere instant before he walked towards him. "Morpheus," he called gently. The god of dreams did not move, though he lifted his head ever so slightly. Thanatos stood next to him, standing by his mourning nephew in silence. Morpheus had not had demigod children in quite a long time. Isabella was the first child of Morpheus to live and die within several decades. All that remained was his Roman son in California. "...How did she die," Morpheus asked in a whisper. "Quite peacefully," Thanatos reassured him. "She came without complaint. The hydra may have been an unfortunate way to pass, though the monster now resides in Tartarus once again." He remained silent for a moment before looking at Morpheus again. "She wanted me to deliver a message to you," he said quietly. Morpheus lifted his eyes from his daughter's body and looked at his uncle. "...What is it," he asked. "...She said 'thanks for the shield'," Thanatos told him. "She claimed you would understand what that meant." Morpheus stared at the shield tossed on the street. What had once been a golden shield decorated with the engravings of Morpheus's symbols—a crown floating above a closed eye while underneath grew five poppies—was now cut and chipped in several locations, signs of fatal blows that it had blocked. The rest was burned away by the acid, making it seem brittle. The god of dreams stared at it before a small, sad smile breached his mournful face. "I gave that to her before I gave Isabel her first quest," he said quietly. Curiously, he too used her nickname. "She hated me at first. She thought that I only acknowledged her when I wanted something and that I only saw her as a means of doing my bidding. I sent her to kill that hellhound hybrid in Chicago." "Ah yes, I met her then," Thanatos said. "She nearly died when it threw her off. Still haven't seen a demigod willing to use ambrosia in such a manner." Morpheus's eyes flashed with guilt. "I wanted her to form a party of demigods from both major and minor gods to fight it. I...I wanted to give them a chance to prove that the children of the minor gods were on the same side. I wanted...to heal the rift Hecate and I made by joining Kronos. Maybe...maybe I was selfish. I also wanted my own name cleared. I wanted to show that I was on the side of the Olympians." "Did you know," Thanatos asked after a moment. Morpheus sighed. "I could feel something, but I never thought Gaea would have found a way to wake up." The two stood in silence before Thanatos stepped away. "...She did good things," he told Morpheus. "I'm certain the judges will reward her for that." This seemed to ease Morpheus, but only slightly. "...I am sorry for your loss." Thanatos then left to reap another soul, leaving the empty husk and a mourning father behind.