felt his face warm as he narrowed his eyes in pure bafflement. He absently touched his cheek and felt his skin burn beneath his fingers. He should have expected them to try something clever like that. Most people thought only children of Hermes would think of such things, but they were sadly mistaken. Never underestimate the wit of a child of Athena under pressure. Percy shook his head. "...You know what, I'm too tired for this," he said with a pout, his face still bright red. "I'll take that as payment...b-but just this once! Next time, I expect like, a full six pack of coke! No more tricks." Annabeth laughed and gave him a one-armed hug. "Okay, Seaweed Brain." She pulled away and twisted her hat in her hands. "But we really are thankful." She extended her cap to him. "You can use my cap to get back to your cabin," she offered. Percy gently shook his head. "Thanks, Annabeth... But I'd rather swim back. If anyone sees me with it tomorrow, we'll all be busted." Annabeth reluctantly nodded and stepped back. "Okay Percy..." "Goodnight, Percy," Malcolm said, his hand cradled once again. A few of his siblings apparently had retrieved a special first aid kit reserved for spider related injuries. "Goodnight, Percy," Annabeth told him softly. "...Yeah, goodnight, Annabeth," Percy said, his face still uncomfortably warm. He took extra care in walking backwards so they wouldn't see the spider carcass on his sword's tip. He checked the skies before making a break for it, moving quickly back to the water of the canoe lake. When he reached the shore, he almost paused to take in the breathtaking sight of seemingly every fish in the entire lake swimming and churning over each other, feasting on the spiders that were floating about. One fish broke off from the crowd and approached Percy, their eyes fixated on the spider on his sword. Uh...hello, fish, Percy thought, staring into their eyes. I see you're enjoying the spiders I threw in. He paused to look at the spider on his sword. His sword was a little too bright. He needed to turn it back into a pen before a harpy noticed that the lake was glowing orange near the Athena cabin. He shook Riptide until the spider's body slipped off and floated away from him. Uh, go ahead and eat them. Take the spiders as a gift from Percy Jackson...that's me. The fish immediately took the spider in his jaws and slipped back into the swarming bodies. Percy turned to swim away when suddenly the fish swam above his head, effectively blocking him from being seen from above. Percy blinked in awe before smiling faintly. Thank you, he thought. I'm just swimming to my cabin. You don't all have to follow me... He then swam calmly to his cabin, the fish happily following him there. Percy easily climbed out of the lake and quickly walked inside his cabin. He glanced over his shoulder to find the fish watching him intently. The boy rubbed his cold hands before giving them a wave. They then slipped away, hopefully going back to whatever they do at night. Riptide retracted back into a pen. The son of Poseidon tucked it safely back in the pair of jeans on the floor and crawled back into bed. The rescue mission must have been just what his insomnia needed. The moment Percy pulled the blanket to his neck, he fell asleep. α "Uh...Percy? Why are you talking to those fish?" Percy glanced over his shoulder to find Annabeth behind him. She had her hair pulled back that morning. She had her hand on her hip and an eyebrow raised. Looking at her, you would have never guessed that just last night she and her entire cabin had been trying to destroy hundreds of spiders. Percy just gave her a smile. "They like me," he told her simply. "Apparently, they think I'm Lord Percy Jackson . They loved those snacks last night." Annabeth shuddered at the thought of what they had eaten. "...And you can hear what they're saying?" "Oh yeah," he said with a grin. Abruptly he turned and stared at a bigger fish that had swam up. He stared at them for a few moments before laughing. Annabeth craned her neck forward. "What did they say," she asked, the curiosity burning in her voice. Percy smirked and waved casually. "Oh, he just said that he thinks you're the prettiest demigod he's ever seen." Percy could have sworn that she blushed. "...He's a fish." She said it as if it proved everything. Percy shrugged. "He doesn't care." He carefully picked the fish, manipulating the water to give the fish a protective bubble he could breathe in. "In fact, he says he'd love to kiss you," he teased. Annabeth's face paled and she instantly recoiled. "Don't. You. Dare," she told him softly. Percy didn't listen. Instead he stalked forward with the fish in his hands. "Oh come on, Annabeth. He's a very nice fish. Don't break his heart like that." "Percy, no!" She ran away though she was clearly laughing through her shrieks. Percy just smiled, laughed and chased after her, carrying the fish in his hands and holding him outwards towards her. "It's a reward fit for the finest of heroes," Percy shouted after her, laughing the entire time. The Athena cabin watched them run past with confusion before bursting into laughter. Malcolm seemed to shout something after them, but Percy couldn't hear. All he heard was Annabeth's laughter. The world may fall apart, but in that moment, they chose to let that wait and have fun. Author's Note: This is just a cute little Percabeth fic I've had planned for a long time. I recently decided to go ahead and write it. It can be taken with canon and I'd say it takes place the summer after the events of The Titan's Curse, so about between books three and four.