washed the blood off. Even if the boy had miraculously lost all traces of his wound, the water would wash off the blade regardless. There were certain rules of the world that could not be broken, such as water washing things away. Or that wounds would not heal if you left them alone and stuck them in seawater. "Annabeth," a voice shouted from behind her. The girl gasped and stood up, her eyes fluttering back to the small pathway she had come from to get here. She recognized that voice. It was impossible not to, what with how loud and boastful it was with just a single sound. It was like his voice never stopped praising himself, even if his words did. A boy with short blond hair and a noticeable scar on his face from the corner of his eye all the way to his chin walked awkwardly inside of her small enclosure, his face clearly displaying his frustration at stepping around multiple rocks and pillars of stone. Annabeth didn't even have to look to know that it was Luke. "We have to get going," he muttered as he stared at her bag of unfinished books—oh, such a pity she didn't get the chance to read them all. "It's getting late and it's starting to get cloudy." The girl looked up at the sky to find that clouds had indeed started to cover the marvelous blue of a perfect summer sky. He pointed to her totebag before giving her a small smile. "Pick up your books and come on. Grover and Thalia are waiting over on the boardwalk." He went to turn and leave the tidal pools before he suddenly snapped his attention back to her drenched clothing. Luke stared at her wet clothes before shaking his head. "Next time you want to go swimming," he chuckled, raising an eyebrow at the odd sight, "Come and tell us! We would have walked back to your house to go and get your swimming stuff. You're father's not going to be happy that you're soaked to the bone." The blond boy then turned around and walked away at a slow pace, giving her plenty of time to gather her stuff and follow him. Annabeth stared at his back before regretfully picking up her book bag and towel and turning to follow him. She abruptly remembered about the fisherman's net on the rocks. The girl snatched it up and speedwalked after Luke in an effort to catch up. As she slipped the totebag's strap up to sit on her shoulder and walked around a pointed rock—that Luke had stepped on and cursed at even though he couldn't possibly feel that through his fancy leather sandals—her mind wandered back to the boy and the dolphin. Finding a dolphin stuck on the beach was crazy enough without a strange boy who wouldn't speak a word and seemed to not understand the basic laws of the universe. The memories of what happened beside the tidal pools made a strange feeling come in her chest, as if she swallowed cotton balls and couldn't cough them back up to get rid of that stuffy, itchy feeling. Something wasn't right about that meeting. Something beyond the boy's silence and his miraculous lack of a cut on his hand. While the two caught up with Grover and Thalia, her mind kept turning the encounter over and over and over in her mind, twisting and turning it around to look at it from every angle and try to find just some sort of rational explanation for the irrational happenings that transpired there. However, no matter how she twisted the facts and tried to find some sort of truth that wouldn't break multiple laws of the universe, she just couldn't find a logical reason behind the incident with her pocket knife. She had watched him cut his palm open. He had bled actual blood. There had been a wound on his hand. All of these facts were inexcusable. Unfortunately, so was the clear observation that his hand was uninjured from every point after he put it in the water. When they walked back home, all she could think about was that one crucial fact. She hadn't wanted to go to the beach today. She didn't want to find a stranded dolphin and a universal law-breaking boy. She had just wanted to read her books in peace and relax. Instead she received what she didn't want. From every angle she looked at it, this day was not what she was expecting. Author's Note: Hey there! I'm Illusions of Insanity and I've written a little three-shot for you guys! I was recently recommended to try the Percy Jackson series and after reading only the first two books, I'm already rushing to write something for this amazing series. As I have only read books one and two, I decided to write an AU before I try anything canon-related. I'm going to explain right now that Annabeth's little circle is based on when she came to Camp Half-Blood, which is why it might be a bit different from what you normally see. Another note I'd like to include is that Annabeth and all of her little buddies still have ADHD and Dyslexia, though Dyslexia won't play a big part in this. Other than that, this is a modern AU that does keep some elements of the series. What are those elements? They'll show up in the next two chapters. I'd like to thank Nighttyger for being my beta reader and making sure my characterizations were positively accurate. Thanks so much! Your advice made this so much easier to write than if I had to do it alone. On a side note, please try not to put spoilers in your lovely reviews. I still have to wait for book three to be returned to my library before I can read any further. :U The agony! Hope you all enjoy this little mini-series! Thank you for reading!