to his hips. Then Will pulled off his boxers, and Nico stared in delight and shame. His mouth was an 'o' of surprise as he beheld how huge Will Solace was. Another day, Nico would definitely be having that inside of him. He blushed heavily at the thought, but didn't push it away as Will wrapped his hand around Nico and flicked. "Yeeeesh," Nico whispered, ashamed of how good this was making him feel. Will began to move his hand quicker, his own face screwed in pleasure at the sounds coming out of the Son of Hades. "Aaah, ohhhh," Nico's eyes were shut and his face was contorted in delight. Next to them, Travis Stoll began to stir again, but this time Will ignored him. The Son of Apollo moved his hand faster still, flicking and digging his nails in at random points. "Aaahh. Shit. Will!" With next to no experience in this area, Nico came very quickly. He fluttered his eyes shut as he did, whisper-shouting Will's name among a string of curses. Will, who was slightly more experienced in bed, showed Nico how to finish him off. "If you want to, grip here, and pull – God's of Olympus, just like that." Nico enjoyed the feeling of Will squirming and bucking beneath his hand. He shoved Will's hip back against the bed and watched as the other demigod climaxed into his tightly-closed palm. The sight itself was enough to send Nico over the edge again, and the two boys fell panting against each other. In the bed next to them, Travis Stoll jolted awake. % % % Nico woke to brilliant sunshine. He turned his head to look and felt the brush of hair against his face. Looking down, he saw a very naked Will Solace tangled in the sheets of his infirmary bed. The sun had painted their legs gold, and Nico leant back against the pillows as flashes from the night came back to him. " You're so beautiful," " I think I love you." " Come for me, please." Will's hands, touching his body, Will's lips, kissing his own, Will's legs, tangled in his. Travis Stoll waking up. " What the hell? Gods of Olympus, that better have been a dream." From underneath him, Nico felt Will waking up. Like the cat that Nico had always assumed he was, Will stretched and yawned in the sunlight, before turning slightly and smiling at him. "Hey." "Hey." Will was smiling uncontrollably, leaning his head back against Nico's when suddenly, he jerked up. "Oh shit." Will grabbed Nico's hand and yanked him up until they were both sitting. When Nico looked around, he saw the cause of Will's distress. Around the infirmary, healers and patients alike were staring unabashedly at the pair. Travis Stoll was eating porridge as he looked over and met Nico's eyes, shaking his head mournfully. Will pulled Nico back against him, fell down onto the pillows, and laughed wildly like a hyena. After breakfast, which was pancakes and strawberries again – "they help build body strength," – Will and Nico exited the infirmary, holding hands. Nico had prepared himself for the horrified stares and weird looks of his fellow campers, so he was shocked and pleasantly surprised at how normally everyone was reacting to him and Will. He said as much to the other boy, and Will laughed. "People don't care." He said to Nico. "They see this," he gestured to their joined hands, "as normal, because that's what it is. Please, Nico, don't hate yourself." "I don't." Nico told him, and just to prove it, he pushed Will up against the wall of Cabin 7 and kissed him hard in front of half a dozen campers. Their tongues crashed together in a wave of emotions and lust, and Nico loved it. Will's fingers were in his hair, Will's name was on his lips, and Will's hips were pressed up against his, bucking very slightly. "That's good," Will said against his mouth, "because I intend to do this a lot now." He kissed Nico harder and faster, leaning heavily into the embrace. Much too soon, Nico felt obligated to break the kiss for the benefit of the other demigod's, and did so to Will's dismay. They climbed Half-Blood Hill in the sun, and found Percy and Annabeth locked together, lying in the grass. Having been dreading seeing the pair after his revelation earlier that week, Nico walked closer to Will for support and a place to hide. He also noticed the Son of Apollo shooting him and Percy wary glances. "It's okay," Nico told Will, gripping his hand tighter, "I meant it when I said I truly don't have feelings for him anymore." They claimed the spot furthest away from the canoodling couple and watched, hands clasped together, as Camp Half-Blood went about its daily routine once more. Everything appeared normal, but for Nico, nothing would ever be the same again. He turned his head to look at the beautiful boy beside him. "I think I might love you, Will." "You think? But I'm gorgeous, what's not to love?" "Mmmhm. I wonder." Nico pulled Will in close, and kissed his cheek, his neck, the corner of his lips. Then he pulled back and gave the demigod a big lick on the side of his face. Will laughed hysterically. He leant his back against Nico's shoulder and roared, smiling adoringly at Nico as he did it. Nico wanted to kiss him badly. He smiled back at Will, and captured the image of the cat-like demigod in his mind, peaceful and happy. And just when Nico thought he might combust from the want to kiss Will Solace, Will grabbed his face with both hands. "Come here, you." He pulled Nico close, until their noses were touching. And then he kissed him passionately. And as the bell for lunch clanged loudly across Camp Half-Blood, Nico Di Angelo and Will Solace sat kissing on top of the hill.