hair and the smooth skin of her forehead. He looked over to his mother who had her fingers pressed against her mouth with tears of joy shining in her eyes, silently watching as Annabeth calmly encouraged Percy in his first interaction with his sister. "Can we unwrap her?" he asked quietly. Paul beamed at him and nodded. "You don't even have to ask, Percy." "Here," Annabeth started as she picked the baby back up and placed her in Percy's arms. "Let's lay her on the bed so it will be easier to swaddle her back into her blanket after we've counted her fingers and toes." Percy felt his heart pick up the pace in his chest as Annabeth stood to give him room to lay Hope on the bed. His mother had moved her legs over to give them a bit more room, and Percy held his breath as he placed his sister on the mattress. He got down on his knees at the side of the bed, like Annabeth, and she began to unwrap the receiving blanket. All wrapped up, Hope had been the size of a watermelon, but once she was out, she looked half the size. Her tiny feet were no longer than Percy's thumb, and her ankles were about the same size around. If he had been confident enough, he could have held her in one hand, cradling the back of her head and neck in his fingers, with her ridiculously tiny torso fitting in his palm, and her rear and legs relaxing on his forearm. Looking at her tiny spindly form, he felt more sure than ever that he would hurt her with his big calloused, clumsy hands. Annabeth cooed. "Look at her toes, Percy. They're like seed pearls on the ends of her feet. And those little precious legs…Can you believe that there was a time when your legs were that small? Oh, but she's got some cute pudge on those baby thighs. She'll be drop-kicking you before you know it. Ooh, and her hands. Look, uncurl her fingers." Annabeth placed Hope's unbelievably small fist on Percy's fingers, and Percy gently spread the infant fingers out. There were five on each wrinkly hand. He stroked the satin skin on the back of her hand as Annabeth pointed out a few more features. After a minute, Percy's mom leaned forward, grabbed his free hand, and squeezed it. "She looks fragile, but she pretty much more cartilage than bone at this point. She's harder to break than she looks, I promise, sweetheart." Just then, Hope's fist curled around Percy's pinky, and he felt his heart stop for a beat and then swell. She was sleeping. Her legs were drawn up as if she had never come out of the womb. Her other hand was curled up to her chest, and she was making sucking motions with her mouth. He could hear her quick breaths, and when he finally placed his hand on her chest, he could feel the rapid beat of her heart. Everything about her was soft, smooth, warm, and absolutely precious. Percy was irrevocably in love. He would do anything for this girl; he already knew it. Her fist tightened around his finger, and he felt a knot of worry loosen and dissipate in his chest. He laughed and a smile stretched across his face so big that he felt his chapped lips crack. He looked over to his parents and declared, "She's perfect. Just perfect." Percy pulled his finger from Hope's grip and shuffled over to hug his mother. By then, she had given up all hope of keeping the tears at bay, and they flowed freely down her cheeks. Paul leaned over and joined the hug. When Percy pulled back, Annabeth had successfully swaddled Hope back into her blanket, and she passed the infant back to Sally. Sally smiled up at them. "She's the luckiest girl in the world with you two in her life," she stated. Her praise made Percy feel a little bashful, but he managed to respond. "Well, I'll do my best to be a good big brother to her." "You'll do an excellent job, Percy," Paul assured him. Annabeth wrapped her arm around his waist and gave him a squeeze just as someone knocked on the door. Nona peeked her head in. "Can we come in?" she asked. "Oh, yes. Yes, come on in," Sally answered wiping the remaining tears off her face with one hand. Nona and her assistant came into the room and stood at the foot of the bed. "Did you get to hold your sister, Percy?" Percy nodded. "Yeah…" It sounded more like a croak, so he cleared his throat and tried again. "Yes, I did for a moment. She perfect." The assistant giggled. "I just love seeing big brothers when they get a baby sister. No matter how big and tough they are, they just turn into a puddle of protective goo." Percy grinned while everyone laughed. "That basically sums it up," Annabeth agreed. "Now, come on, you puddle of protective goo. I imagine the midwife needs to give your mom one last check before she leaves." She pulled Percy to the door. They entered the kitchen and began searching out sandwich supplies. They were halfway through their meal when Annabeth looked at him. She had her head cocked to one side with her eyes narrowed like she was trying to x-ray his thoughts. "What?" he asked. "I was just wondering," she began, "if you still thought that you will hurt Hope." Percy chewed his bite slowly before swallowing it, considering her question. "No, I don't think I will." Annabeth nodded once decisively. "Good. I'm glad to hear it." They ate in silence for another minute. "But if anyone ever hurts her," Percy declared, "I'll hurt them." Annabeth's eyes twinkled and she smiled wryly at him. "And I'll be right there to help you." 5555555555555555 Disclaimer: I don't own PJO, HOO, or TOA.