"I just don't think that part has sunk in yet. Talk to me about…about being pregnant. Maybe that will make it more real. How long have you known? How long until the baby is born? How do you feel? You know, all that stuff." She leaned back beside him, mimicking his position. "Well, if I'm right, and I have a feeling that I am, then I should be about eleven weeks along." Percy sat up abruptly. "Eleven weeks! Is that normal? I mean, isn't that long enough to have had two…Well, you know, that's over two months. When did you find out?" He felt his cheeks flame. He was sure he was going to fall over dead before the night was over either from straight up shock or from absolute mortification. Talking about his girlfriend's reproductive cycle was way down at the bottom of his list of ways he wanted to spend his time. Percy's greatest consolation, at the moment, was that Annabeth's face was a red as his felt. She swallowed. "You're right, it's not normal for a woman to take that long to realize she's pregnant, but there is nothing remotely normal about any of this." "Fair enough," Percy agreed. "The thing is, we were in Tartarus for eighteen days, eighteen pain and horror filled days. That kind of trauma, physical and emotional, well, it has a drastic effect on the body. You know how much weight we lost, how we weren't able to eat a proper meal for at least a week. How tired we were. How our days and nights were all kinds of scrambled for days." Percy nodded, his eyes darkening as he remembered those first days and weeks after leaving Tartarus. Annabeth continued on with renewed fervor. "Well, when I didn't have my period when I was supposed to, I just assumed that my body was still trying to recover and get regulated, again. But the weeks passed, and I knew something else must be going on, especially since I have been so tired here lately, a little queasy, needing to pee way more than normal, and a few other odd little things. I couldn't make sense of it and was really getting worried about the whole missing period thing, but then last week, I had this dream. It was of you, holding a baby. You looked just like you do now, same age and all, and you were holding a baby with a look on your face that just radiated love and pride and protectiveness. I somehow just knew it was your baby, and that I was the mother. I couldn't get the dream out of my head, nor the thought of how my siblings and I came into this world. Then, on a whim four days ago, I bought a couple of at home pregnancy tests and took them. I've taken ten tests in four days, Percy, and every single one of them has been positive." She stood and walked over to where her purse was hanging on the hook beside the door and took it down before returning to her seat. "Look," she said as she pulled out a plastic Ziplock bag. She handed the bag to Percy. It had several white sticks in it, and each one had a little blue plus sign in the window. Percy's hands began to shake, and his heartbeat and breathing began to skyrocket. For the second time in an hour, he was hyperventilating. Annabeth stuffed the bag back in her purse and pushed Percy forward until he was leaning on his knees again. "Breathe, Percy. Come on, slow breaths." She rubbed his back, encouraging him to take slow, deep, calming breaths until his breathing finally evened back out. He rubbed his face. "A baby…gods, Annabeth, what are we going to do? I mean, high school, New Rome, college, and the gods have us heading up the development and design of New Greece, too. And our parents….Oh crap…What are our parents going to say? I mean, no one is going to believe us, about this being a brain baby. Like you said, no demigod has ever had this happen to them. Why did we have to be the first?" She snuggled up to him and hugged him close. "I don't know, Percy." Her voice cracked a little, and Percy pulled her tight, realizing that she was just as out of sorts as he was about this. "I'm scared and angry and worried…But dang it all if I'm not also excited, just a bit." She pulled back just enough to look up at him. "I mean, we did it. Two great prophecies, two wars, countless monsters, dozens of quests and missions, a whole host of other immortal beings, and Tartarus, and we're sitting here alive, in our senior year of high school, both of us with perfectly good jobs lined up already. We've got each other, and, though way beyond our control and nowhere near when we would have preferred, we're expecting our own baby. You weren't supposed to live past your sixteenth birthday, let alone get all of this. Heck, Gaea was supposed to kill us both on the ancient rocks of Greece just over a month ago, but she didn't. I'm terrified, but, despite it all, I know we'll figure it out. We've figured out everything else the gods have thrown our way. I don't see any reason why we should stop now." Percy kissed her, sweet and soft but deep, full of promise and love and passion. Like the kiss they had shared at Athens as they had stood on the ancient ground where their parents had once competed for the city's allegiance. When he pulled away, they were both a little dazed and breathless. He leaned his forehead against hers, watching her gray orbs swirl with emotion. "I love you, Wise girl. And you're right; we'll get through this, just like we always do." "Together," she breathed. Percy smiled. "Together," he promised.