the stark lighting. Percy took the opportunity to roll his shoulder slightly and wipe both new and old sweat from his brow. Nico's eyes narrowed. Dammit. I need to finish this quick if I'm going to win. When Nico darted forward again, something was different. There was an edge of confidence to the way he moved, and though each blow was still powerful enough to rattle Percy's teeth, Nico's movements were still almost careless. He was reaching further out, not in the usual guarded stance that he adopted with more worthy opponents, each swing powerful but almost nonchalant. Percy narrowed his eyes, knowing exactly what Nico was doing and becoming more enraged by the second. " Smug bastard ." he hissed under his breath, tightening his hand on the hilt of his sword. When Nico's next blow came, he ducked, letting the other man's sword slide along his own with a sound that ground on Percy's nerves. Nico's stumbled slightly and stepped back. Percy made a show of rubbing his shoulder, clearly loosening his grip on his sword. Nico's eyes flashed with triumph, and as he moved to deal the final strike, Percy went for his chain. He swung it from his belt with his left hand, and it arced through the air. The motion caused Nico to shift in a half-ditched attempt to get away, but he was far too late. The blade snapped onto the chain and through the air, all momentum and deadly accuracy. With a sharp metal clash, the weapons connected and Nico's flew through the air, crashing into the far wall. Nico's eyes widened in fear momentarily, but then he smiled confidently and raised his arms. He held his palm up, and then curled his fingers inwards, as if the tips were connected to thousands of invisible strings. The ground began to rumble as cracks appeared in the concrete. From beneath the sand and rubber mats clawed hands appeared. Percy raised an unimpressed eyebrow but took a step back to give himself some room, waiting until the final skeleton was standing before starting to cut through them. Percy saw Nico's eyes widen in fear as the final skeleton was cut down, and he brought his hands up to raise more, but Percy darted forward, and the movement was interrupted. Nico took a few steps back, until he was solidly on the sand, but not close enough to the shadows of the wall. He then the shadows around him began to lengthen and thicken, drawing up to shroud his body. Without thinking, Percy shot out a hand, and water washed onto Nico, knocking him to the floor. He then ran towards him and as Nico got up again, Percy tackled him to the ground, arm on his neck. He took in a few deep breaths and released him, stepping back. "I win. I'm going to hit the showers." His voice was still somehow cold and unfriendly, but he did his best to hide it. Once showered and changed back in his pyjamas, he got in bed in Nico's cabin, lying on his back, a hand thrown over his eyes. When Nico came out of the shower as well, his heart clenched at the invisible wall between them. He laid down next to Percy, keeping a safe distance between them. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry." Nico whispered after ten minutes of silence, almost sure Percy was asleep. "What?" Percy, who was so tired he was dozing off, snapped awake when he heard Nico talk. "I'm sorry for the fight." He clarified. "I… I was angry and I said things I shouldn't have and I never noticed how much you truly cared for me… I never meant to hurt you like that, Percy." Turning his head to look at him, Percy was startled to see Nico already watching him, eyes shining with emotion. "Annabeth told me, you know?" "Told you what? When did you talk to Annabeth?" "After you fell asleep… I IMed her and asked her to tell me the full extent of your search for me and she did. She told me how distressed you were after I left and how you tried to find me and keep me safe. And instead of saying thank you, I just bring hit after hit below the belt…" Nico averted his eyes as his voice became a mere whisper at the end. Percy took his hand and smiled softly. "Trust me, I get it. I'm sorry for everything I said as well…" Percy whispered before releasing his hand and rolling over, head on Nico's chest and arms wrapped around his waist. Nico smiled at his affectionate behavior, it never failed to amaze him how easily Percy forgave. "But Nico?" "Hmm?" "Never underestimate me again." "Promise." he chuckled. He started tracing the gentle shapes of the shadows of Percy's back tattoo, remembering the day Percy got it. He had been so excited to show him the skeleton extending his hand towards the water below him, which was drawn dark and menacing looking, with waves that turned to shadows and scary creatures. Above the skeleton, right under his shoulderblades, in cursive were the words: 'Non ho paura del lato oscuro del mare, che è parte di te.'. 'I am not scared of the dark side of the ocean, it is part of you.'. It had amazed Nico that Percy had gotten his comfort words tattooed. He had just wanted to show his boyfriend that he would always be there for him, no matter how scary he might be, and Percy had been so inspired that he had a whole back piece for him. He felt Percy's body completely relax on top of him and could hear his even breaths, tell-tale signs of him falling asleep. He started running his hands through his hair, marvelling the softness of it. He kissed his head and closed his eyes. Tomorrow Camp Half-Blood would come for them and they'd go to fulfill another prophecy.