nope 51. Righty or lefty: righty ) FIRSTS: 53. First piercing: nope 54. First best friend: Grover ;D sport you joined: skateboarding (ik it should be swimming but who cares) 56. First vacation: umm. If a quest is a vacation, then Underworld? RIGHT NOW: 59. Eating: nothin 60. Drinking: nuttin 61. I'm about to: scream 62. Listening to: car full of ppl talk and Spotify 63. Waiting for: This car to arrive to our hotel YOUR FUTURE: 64. Want kids: yeah but im not going to live that old xP 65. Get married: mb idk, if I live that long den yea 66. Career: Idk (y would i?) WHICH IS BETTER: 67. Lips or eyes: eyes 68. Hugs or kisses: depends who :D 69. Shorter or taller: taller 70. Older or Younger: idk 71. Romantic or spontaneous: a bit of both? 73. Sensitive or loud: idk… ask Annabeth or my friends 74. Hook-up or relationship: relationship (duh) HAVE YOU EVER: 76. Kissed a stranger: nope ew 77. Stole something for someone: *blushes* ofc but for good reasons (wait did I even) 78. Lost glasses/contacts: nope 79. Hurt yourself: duh in the weirdest possible ways (wink wink) 80. Broken someone's heart: well not that I know of 82. Been arrested: i hope not 83. Turned someone down: idr 84. Cried when someone died: i guess not? 85. Fallen for a friend: what does this mean DO YOU BELIEVE IN: 86. Yourself: nope 87. Miracles: nope 88. Love at first sight: nope (haha Annabeth and I couldn't get through conversations without trying to strangle each other for the first few years… I hated her… sorry Annie) 89. Heaven: im a demigod 90. Santa Clause: shhhh I used to 91. Kiss on the first date: idk 92. Angels: im a demigod ANSWER TRUTHFULLY: 94. Had more than 1 girlfriend/boyfriend at a time: no 95. Did you sing today: no 96. First person in your contacts: nico? 97. If you could go back in time, how far would you go: a few years ago when I was normal? 98. The moment you would choose: kissing Annabeth in the lake at CHB 99. Are you afraid of falling in love: no…? Nico was shaking with excitement as they refreshed the page to read Percy's demigod fess up. Thalia grabbed Nico's phone since he was the only one apart from Percy who had 4G. "Just plug it in!" Jason said and grabbed the phone and grabbed the cable that connected to the big screen in the front. "What- Jason, now everyone can see it!" "Whole point!" Jason laughed. Percy sighed. "Whatever." "Prepare to be judged, Percy! By us and your dad and our dads!" Thalia yelled excitedly as she looked at the screen. "Yeah, more like prepare to die in embarrassment." The big three were curious to what the demigods were so excited about. They read Percy's fess up, laughing every other second, while Percy folded his arms and glared at the screen, but you could see a smile on his face and amusement in his eyes. "Woah, wait what… you cried?" Jason asked as he looked at number five. Percy rolled his eyes. "Shut up, you big bully," he said, but he was smiling slightly. "Woah, Percy Jackson, the most powerful demigod to have ever existed-" "Nico shut up, I am not-" "Crying?" Percy turned to Nico with raised eyebrows and mouth pursed into an annoyed frown. Everyone, even Zeus, Hades, and Poseidon burst out laughing. "Shut up," Percy said. "Otherwise I'm deleting it." "Fine, fine, continue reading," Jason said. "You kissed Rachel?!" Thalia screamed. "Big deal," Percy said. "This was before Annabeth and I started dating." "Still," Thalia said, dragging the 'I' sound. "Ok, ok, whatever. Continue, and shut up or I'm deleting it." "Blue, green and black?!" Poseidon exclaimed. "Yeah, why?" Percy asked. "Those are our colours!" Hades yelled. Percy blinked. "Ok…?" "Yayyyy," Jason said as he read number 15. Percy and Jason both fist bumped. "Omg, yes, I know right!" Nico cried as he read number 20. "The stalkers! So creepy and annoying! Gaia and Kronos are such retards!" "Yes I know right!" Percy said back. "Oh LMAO!" Thalia yelled. "Look at 26! 'Kill a titan, kiss Annabeth', SAME!" Everyone burst out laughing. "What, we're getting on your nerves?" Zeus asked. "I am the king of Olympus! You should respect and worship me! You should think everything about me is amazing!" Percy looked at Zeus for a moment then rolled his eyes. (Excuse the slight language here) "Annoying, pathetic, big-headed pratty pussy who happened to become king by chance." Zeus' eyes flashed, but Hades and Poseidon started laughing. "You know, it is kind of true, so…" Poseidon said between laughs. Hades was on the floor. Percy looked at the scene, mouth open. "Uh… okay?" He glanced at his friends. "This is… freaky." His friends started laughing as well. "Same," Thalia choked out. "AHAHAH! Look at 47! 'Do you have a crush: what is this…?' Same!" Jason yelled. "You don't like anything about yourself?!" Zeus said, shocked. Percy shrugged. "Why would I?" He asked laughing. "Lmao, your about to scream, same," Nico snorted. It went on like that for ages until Percy's torture was finally over. Thalia started to play 'The Italian man who went to Malta' on Nico's phone. (AN this is a real thing… in case you don't know that, it's really old now, but I just felt like putting it in, but if you don't know this, there's a lot of Language in here…) All of them were laughing over the video and enjoying the Olympian's confusion as they didn't understand modern day language. Soon, they arrived at the hotel. All of them climbed off the car and looked up at the hotel in awe. Ok… so this chapter is rather… not really… well, idk how to put it, but it's kind of OOC… REALLY OOC in my opinion. But soon, there will be the normal stuff. Review please! TY