end of the bed. "I thought you were arriving earlier?" Percy asked, allowing himself in without invitation. Jason barely looked up before offering Percy a half smile. "I did," he explained. "I went for a walk." "What walk could have you looking this pooped?" Jason smirked before shrugging. "I ran into Reyna," he informed him. Percy instantly nodded. Yeah, Reyna could easily make a person look worn out. "I tried to talk to her, like you suggested, but… I don't know, I guess this friendship is gone for good." Percy sighed. "I'm sorry, man, I thought she'd come around. She has a soft spot for the people she loves, you know?" "I'm not one of those people anymore," Jason replied, simply. "Nah, that's not true," he insisted. "No matter what happens, and how much she hates you, you're still one of Reyna's people. She looks out for her people." "I think you're really underestimating how easy it is for her to drop her people," Jason said. "Wait, no, that sounded harsh, and mean. I didn't mean it that way." "I know how you meant it," Percy said, waving the comment away. "She'll come around, Jason. You and her have too much history. Just keep working for it and she'll get over it eventually. She'd hard, but she's loyal." "I'm not," Jason said, huffing. "Am I a shitty person?" "Yes." "Percy!" Percy rolled his eyes. "No? I mean, you had a lot on your plate with the ending of the world and all. And you were exploring a new relationship. Your first love. It's not like you had that much time to talk to Reyna in the first place. I mean… you could have tried a little harder. Why didn't you try?" "You wouldn't believe me if I told you," Jason said, matter-of-factly. "Why not?" "Because it sounds like an excuse I came up with to make Reyna happy," he said. "Hey, forget girls right now. I certainly need to. When is Leo getting here?" "Tomorrow afternoon," Percy answered. "He'd driving up alone, the poor bitch. Anyway, we should start planning our first college party in honour of his arrival and our settling in. Where can you get a keg around here?" -0-0-0-0-0- Leo remembered when he bought his first ever apartment. It was this little run down place with broken windows, a rat infestation, and a toilet in the living room. It had once been the penthouse of a block of apartments in New Mexico, and Leo had been so happy about it. He'd saved up the money himself by fixing cars and people's televisions, and he'd worked for that place himself, so when he moved in, he'd been over the moon. He'd fixed it up in a matter of days, with the help of a few other demigods. The kids of Demeter helped with the mould, for example. Soon, it became a really nice place to stay in, with lots of windows and light, and comfortable couches and a bed in the other room; a working kitchen and a garage around the corner. Piper had visited a couple times to see the place, but she didn't like the neighbourhood, so she didn't stay for very long. So, on the first day of college, she was the last person he'd expected to see show up on his doorstep. She looked like she'd dressed herself lazily, with an over-sized denim shirt hanging off one shoulder, above a short black and silver romper, exposing her long legs. She had leather army boots on, and one of them wasn't even tied up. A flimsy bag hung loosely from her hand and her messy, wavy hair was flipped over one shoulder. She looked dishevelled but fashionable, like she was walking down a runway. He wondered if she did that on purpose, or if it was the Aphrodite in her, forcing her to look beautiful in whatever she wore. Despite that, however, she looked worried but sure in herself, at the same time. "Pipes," he greeted, confused. "Let me guess, you want a lift to college tomorrow? Your dad bailed, like always?" Piper's expression didn't change, she just studied Leo with narrow eyes and a hard mouth. In that moment, she looked more like Reyna or Annabeth, than the sweet, loving Piper he knew. "Actually," she mused, walking inside and putting her bag and suitcase down in his open-plan living room, "I need a place to stay. I'm not going to college." A/N: Okay, so lots to talk about. If you've read the first version of this story, I hope you don't feel too at-home. Everything is going to change. And if this is your first time, then prepare yourself. I'm a big fan of scandals and drama and fights, and unlike the first story, I'm not going to hold back in fear of what you, as readers, might think. So I'm going to warn you right now, and then you can't say I didn't tell you so. No one is going to be innocent. Everyone is going to do naughty things that causes scandals and lies. Not without motivation, of course. But there will be no Mary Sues or Gary Stus in this story. Chapters are going to be longer, and there's going to be more of them. We have a lot to get through, so don't expect every relationship to be perfect all the way through. And finally, trigger warnings: This is a darker story than many PJO fanfictions. Sex references, drinking, rape -attempt references , drug references, (nothing worse than weed, if that). I'll remind you of any of these before the chapter with them included, but if you're really uncomfortable with any of these things, I'm more than happy to delete scenes that will ruin your experience of this story. Please, let me know. I do care about your opinions and if something is going to ruin the story for you, let me know now, before it happens. Please review! -Izzy