everyone liked Percy. The fact was, you couldn't not like the guy. Annabeth considered herself one of the luckiest people on the planet, being with Percy. "It's my birthday too!" called a quiet voice in the back. "Shush," replied Dakota with a glare, taking a swig out of his Kool-Aid canteen. Annabeth couldn't help but feel sorry for them and vowed to find out who it was so they could celebrate their birthday another night. "We will now proceed to sing to Percy the standard and ever-adored, 'Happy Birthday!'" The crowd cheered again and Dakota led them through the singing of 'Happy Birthday'. When they finished, more cheering ensued, until Gwen stood up in the audience and bellowed loudly, "Stand up, Percy, sing a song!" The rest of the crowd started to join in her singing. "Stand up, Percy, sing a song!" Annabeth grinned at Percy and joined in too. "We won't shut up, 'til you stand up, stand up Percy sing a song!" "LOUDER!" cried everyone. "Stand up, Percy, sing a song! Stand up, Percy, sing a song! We won't shut up, 'til you stand up, stand up Percy—" Percy finally stood up next to her, knowing full well the crowd literally wouldn't stop singing the prompt until he stood up and sang, and everyone cheered again. Percy walked up to the front of the bonfire to stand beside Dakota. "'Kay. I know it's sort of tradition to sing a sillier song, but can I sing an actual song?" Dakota nodded enthusiastically, gulping down more Kool-Aid. "Go for it!" "Awesome," said Percy. "I'll need a guitar…" A random person in the crowd rushed forward, guitar in hand, and handed it over to Percy. "Thanks," said Percy gratefully, slinging the guitar strap around his neck. "So!" he called out to the audience. "As lots of you probably already know, I've been taking guitar lessons during my spare time here in New Rome." A couple people whooped, and Percy grinned. "I was pretty horrible when I first started out, but now I'm getting better." He quickly tuned his guitar, and then announced, "This one's for Annabeth." A couple people aw 'd, and Annabeth blushed when Percy caught her eye and grinned wider. Then he started playing. He strummed the guitar lightly, and then he started to sing. Annabeth was kind of surprised; She'd never really heard him sing before. Percy was actually pretty good. " You are my soft place to land. When nothing in my life makes sense, I know you'll understand where I'm coming from and where I'm going to." Annabeth smiled. She couldn't help but adore Percy right then: For some reason the song seemed to represent them and everything they stood for, and it was obvious he was pouring passion and meaning into the words. Percy continued singing. " You are the words I can't seem to find. If we lose our way down this road, I don't mind. It's something I can't explain, but I'll never complain because you are a safe place for me. You are a wall on which I can lean. You know if I say it wrong exactly what I mean. What we have is comfortable." Percy started walking slowly towards Annabeth as he played and sang. " You are the soles of my favourite shoes. If I can't decide, you won't force me to choose. It's something I can't explain, but I've found my way in, and you are a safe place for me. When the walls start caving in, when the water is so deep I can't swim for long, when my hands are weak and cold and alone, you take them in yours and you lead me home. It's something I can't explain, but here I'll remain because you are a safe place for me…" When Percy finished, he was standing right in front of her. The crowd erupted into cheers and more aw! 's, which made Annabeth smile and blush as she clapped for him too. Annabeth leaned in to Percy and whispered, "I love you" in his ear. Percy grinned and whispered into her ear, "I love you too." Then he did something that Annabeth wouldn't have suspected he'd do in a million years. Percy set down his guitar. He got down on one knee and pulled a little black box out of his sweat pants pocket. "Annabeth," he said sincerely, "I love you to bits. Will you do me the honour of marrying me?" Short and sweet. Annabeth loved it and she loved him and she always thought she'd be the one to propose because Percy wouldn't have the guts, but here he was, on his knee, waiting for her answer. Annabeth's heart swelled to two times its normal size. She smiled, fighting back tears of happiness because Annabeth Chase didn't cry, but she loved him so much it was making it so damn hard for her to keep the tears from spilling out. "Yes," she whispered with a smile. Percy smiled so wide his mouth took up half his face. He gently slid the ring onto Annabeth's finger, then stood up and stared into her eyes for a second before engulfing her in a hug and then pulling back for a kiss. For the third time that night, aw 's and cheering erupted from the crowd. Percy scooped up Annabeth in his arms bridal-style with a grin on his face. "Goodnight, guys!" he yelled, and then he carried Annabeth off into the night. D'aww :) I really liked writing that, so I hope you enjoyed reading it! Please favourite and leave a review if you have the time :) – ImpulsesOfLife A/N [August 18th, 2016]: It's been a year (happy birthday to Percy again!), so I decided to go in and edit some grammar stuff. No major changes were made to the plot, I just cleaned up/refined the writing a bit more. Thanks for reading, and for all the support this story has gotten! :)