supervisors and Reyna didn't hear what he said, but a few seconds later, they were yelling at the kids to get off the skywalk as the wind picked up. The storm turned into a miniature hurricane. Reyna skidded across the sky walk. Leo lost his balance and almost fell over the railing, but Reyna grabbed his backpack and pulled him back over. "Thanks, Rey!" he exclaimed. Piper and Dylan were holding the doors open for the kids to get on. Reyna expected Piper to look more panicked, but she stayed calm and confident as she reassured the other kids that all would be fine. Reyna, Leo and Grover ran towards them, but the wind seemed to be fighting against them. Piper lost grip on the doors and they slammed shut, locking the kids inside. "Dylan!" Piper exclaimed. "Help!" "Sorry, Pipes," Dylan mused, smiling. "I'm done helping." He flicked his wrist and Piper flew back, slamming into the doors of the buss and skidding across the skywalk. Reyna tried to run towards her but Grover held her back. "Let go of me," she growled, confused at the boy's freakish strength. Grover pushed her back to join Leo. "Stay back," he ordered. "This is my fight. I should have known he was our monster." "Monster?" Leo asked. Grover ran a hand through his hair, briefly showing two little bumps. He pulled a set of reed pipes out from under his t-shirt and a wooden club with leaves still attached. "Let the girl attack me, Goat," Dylan called. "Better enemy than you. You couldn't even sniff me out!" Grover bleated. "Stay away from them." Dylan shrugged. "Good luck." He pointed at Leo, who went flying off the skywalk, no matter how hard Reyna held onto him. He scraped down the wall of the Grand Canyon, holding onto a tiny ledge and shouting out cries of help that weren't audible over the wind. "Keep that thing busy," Grover ordered, handing Reyna his club. "While I save Leo." "You can fly?" Reyna asked. "Climb," Grover corrected. He kicked off his shoes to reveal hooves. Which meant that the bumps on his head were horns. "You're a faun?" Reyna cried in disbelief. "Satyr," he corrected. "Go!" He ran off to the side of the Canyon and started picking his way down. Reyna turned to Dylan, club in hand. She threw it with all of her strength and it hit his head so he fell to his knees. Piper picked the club up as it rolled next to her. Dylan almost dissolved into black smoke, looking almost like an evil angel. "Ventus," Reyna said, although she didn't know how she knew that word. She pulled out the dagger she had found earlier, and when Dylan's friends rained down from the sky… well Reyna learned a lot about herself. She learned that she could do a lot of flips and ninja kicks. She learned that she knew how to stab storm spirits. She learned that she could jump to her feet after landing on her back, and she learned how to knife-fight monsters. She saw Grover climbing down and Leo climbing onto his back. It was a weird sight. Piper had come out of her daze and was trying to help, fighting Dylan with Grover's tree bat. She was doing a pretty good job as well, but Dylan's attention seemed to be on Reyna. "My mistress told me she was special," he mused. "I will get a big reward for killing her." Piper noticed this and, in an attempt to protect Reyna, she swung the bat over Dylan's head. "Move," he ordered, flicking his wrist at Piper and sending her back. "I have bigger fish to fry." Piper skidding across the sky walk. Reyna killed the last storm spirit she was dealing with and ran over to help her. Piper flew off the edge and Reyna jumped after her. Piper expected them to fall through the air, land and splat on the ground. But Piper was clinging onto Reyna's left hand, while her right was holding onto the railing for dear life. But Reyna couldn't lift them up. She was strong, but not strong enough to, not only support, but lift both her and Piper's weight. "Grover!" Reyna called. Reyna's fingers were slipping off the skywalk, one by one. Piper let out a scream, and Reyna couldn't blame her. Grover had pulled Leo to the ground again, and they quickly got up, running over to save the girls, but before they could, someone else did. "Where is she?!" a scarily angry voice demanded. Rough hands grabbed Reyna's and dragged her and Piper to safety. Piper looked terrified and Leo came forward to rest a reassuring hand on her shoulder. Reyna was just studying the boy who saved them. Tall, muscular, lean, tan. Handsome, with dark black hair and green eyes. He wore an orange t-shirt and jeans, and looked like he hadn't slept for days. Reyna didn't know who he was, but she definitely recognised him. She had met him before. "Where's the weird goat guy?" Piper asked, looking around. Leo pointed towards the sky at the storm that was fading. "He never came down." Reyna paused, admiring the chariot behind the boy. It was led by two, normal grey horses. Normal except the twenty-foot wing span. "You must be the extraction squad," Reyna muttered. The boy just looked lost now, beginning to get panicky as he looked around for Grover. "Now he's missing too?!" He exclaimed. AN: Like I said, a lot of differences. Yes, I replaced Coach Hedge for Grover because I like Grover more and we need more Grover. Also, no, I'm not going to make Piper a preppy it-girl, but her involvement with the popular crowd is because her relationships with Reyna (+Leo) will be different than the canon Jason (+Leo). There was more Greek than Roman in this chapter, but next chapter will be the opposite. Please review! I'll love you forever. -Izzy