not have been the greatest parents, Percy, but they never hit me." "It's not a competition, Annabeth." She held his gaze. "I know. But while you're off trying to help others with their problems and pasts, people forget that you have your own. Most of the time, I think they don't even realize that you've got such tough stuff in your past. You always come across so carefree and relaxed that no one really knows about a lot of this dark stuff, especially the younger campers. But then, I see you between training sessions taking a cat nap because you've been up all night with nightmares. Or when you're winded more than usual on an ozone action day or after a lot of running. Or when you wince from an old injury. And then I'm reminded of all that you don't talk about, of all that you keep to yourself. And I marvel at how well you just handle it all." He didn't think he did anything all that extraordinary. "It's just life, Annabeth. I just go with it." "Be honest, Percy, some days are hard. Some conversations are hard." Percy leaned his forehead against hers, and hugged her tight to him. His fingers got lost in her curls, and he could almost feel the tension the conversations about Gabe had left in him begin to melt away. "Some things are hard, but you make everything easier," he whispered. She leaned up just enough to kiss him. He kissed her back and felt the rest of the tension drift away. He felt a knot in his chest that he didn't even know had built up loosening, and all thoughts of Gabe and his own past were left behind as he got lost in the kiss. His focus narrowed to the girl in his arms, and nothing else mattered. At some point they stopped kissing and just stood there hugging one another. Annabeth had her head on his chest, and he leaned his cheek onto the top of her head. "I love you, Wise girl," he said softly, trying not to disturb the peace of the moment. She squeezed his middle a little tighter. "I love you, too, Seaweed brain," she answered just as softly. "It's late," he said after another couple of minutes. She hummed in response. "Come on, Wise girl. I'll grab my pajamas and take the couch." She looked at him with a twinkle in her eyes. "You could sleep in the bed with me." "After Mom's comment tonight," he smirked. "I think not." "Coward," she whispered just before pulling him into another kiss. He pulled back and raised one eyebrow. "You could sleep on the couch with me." She narrowed her eyes and smirked at him. "I would, but I don't want to ruin your mom's good image of me." "Coward," he echoed as he leaned in to kiss her, again. She tugged him closer, and he kissed her harder. Percy wasn't sure how, but they soon found themselves sitting in the middle of the floor having an outright make-out session, not that he was complaining. A bit later, they were still wrapped up in each others' arms, catching their breath. "I thought we were supposed to be going to bed," Annabeth pointed out. Percy's eyes were closed. "Mmm...I guess we were, but this was more fun." "Well, I guess that's true," she conceded. "You know it's true," he mumbled. He could feel himself starting to doze off, but he was comfortable snuggled up next to Annabeth. They didn't sleep in the same bed often, but it had happened enough that he knew he always slept better with her by his side. And even though all thoughts of Gabe had been banished for now, Percy knew that once he was settled on the couch alone for the night, the previous conversations of the day would come back and sleep would be short and fitful. If he could get away with "accidentally" falling asleep with her in the living room, he would be fine with it, even it meant risking comments from his parents. Soon, however, Annabeth was pulling away from him. "Percy," she whispered. "Percy, wake up. You'll be more comfortable on the couch." He tightened his grip on her. "I'm comfortable right here." She smiled and laughed a little. "But what about your parents?" "I imagine they're comfortable where they are, too." He answered with a grin. She rolled her eyes. "Percy..." He sighed. "Alright. Let me get my clothes." They got off the floor and headed down the hallway to Percy's room. He grabbed a pair of pajama pants and an old t-shirt from his dresser and tossed her a too small pair of pants and a shirt. Then he headed to the bathroom across the hall to change and brush his teeth. After he was finished, Annabeth took a turn. He sat on his bed to wait on her, so that he could tell her goodnight. She was back within a couple of minutes. He stood up and pulled her into a hug. She wrapped her arms around his torso. "Good night, beautiful," he said. "Good night, Percy," she answered. He pulled away, leaned down, and gave her a quick kiss. Then, he turned and walked towards the door. "Percy," she called. He looked back at her. "Hmm?" "I'm right here if you need anything, okay." The concerned look in her eyes warmed him to the core. As much as he hated admitting weakness, it was really nice to know that he didn't have to constantly be strong in front of some people, especially Annabeth. He smiled. "I know. I love you, Annabeth." She smiled back. "I love you, too. Go get some rest." He nodded and walked into the hallway, closing the door behind him. 55555555555 A/N: Thanks for reading, especially since it is so long. I know, a monster, but I hope you liked it. Disclaimer: I don't own PJO or HOO.