armchairs in front of that on a square rug. There was a door on the wall next to the right bedroom that lead into a small living room with two couches in. On the other side of the house was a tiny kitchen space next to the third bedroom. There were two very miniature bathrooms in the house, one of which had a shower. Percy helped Luke unpack in the smallest of the bedrooms, one with only one single bed that he would have to share with Lydia. They were both still tiny, so it would work, and they had done it before when they were forced to share. -0-0-0-0-0- It was a short drive to the airport. Reyna drove and Jason spoke to Lydia in the back seat. "Aren't you excited to see Luke and Emma again?" he asked. His beautiful daughter nodded. She had gotten Reyna's dark hair and Jason's sky blue eyes. Reyna had plaited her hair that morning in two long plaits and her thick bangs fell to her eyes. She had adorable chubby cheeks and dimples when she smiled. She was perfect. "Is Santa going to be able to find us in New York?" she asked. Jason nodded reassuringly. "He has special trackers for that. Have you already told Santa what you wanted for Christmas?" Lydia nodded. "I want a new pink dress and there are two make up phones that I want. Plus, a Bratz make-over like Jasmine." Jason gawked at her for a minute in shock before sharing and concerned look with Reyna. "I'm just joking, Daddy," Lydia laughed. "I told Santa I wanted a new helmet and maybe a new knife that's actually pointy." Jason sighed a little in relief. He and Reyna had taught their daughter from a young age, but of course they never let her handle real weapons. She was only four and they weren't idiots. Jason wouldn't let her get her hands on a real dagger, not even for Christmas. Not until she was much older. A new helmet would be easy, though. They arrived at the airport and jumped out of the car. Reyna lead Lydia inside and Jason dragged the suitcases behind him. It didn't take them massively long to get through customs. They had to wait for quite a while before they could get on the plane. Reyna sat with Lydia on her lap until finally they got onto the plane. There was a slight problem where Jason couldn't find the boarding passes, but it didn't take them long to find them again. They settled down on the plane and listened to the lady talk about safety precautions. "Like this plane's going to crash," Jason huffed. "Jupiter's not giving up his favourite son any day now." "I thought Hercules was his favourite?" Reyna sneered, trying not to laugh. "That was in 146 BC," he said. "It's now 2025. You need to get with the times, okay?" Reyna actually laughed that time. Lydia looked up over the planes seat to the other passengers. "My Grandpa is the God of the sky, so we're all going to be okay." Reyna pulled her back into her seat and called one of the flight attendants over to help her strap Lydia back in. "Something we tell her," Jason explained to the rest of the plane, "to help her feel better about flying." The passengers just thought she was cute so they didn't think anything of it. The flight was exactly five hours and forty three minutes. Reyna counted. Their bags took longer to land so they waited around for hours as Reyna paced and ranted about dysfunctional airports. Finally their bags came through and They dragged them out of the airport, Lydia holding her Dad's hand as she bounced along. They called for a cab and piled their stuff in. The driver complained a lot about the drive all the way up to Long Island, but Reyna tipped him pretty well. Annabeth came running out of the beach house as soon as the car pulled up, Luke by her side. Reyna and Annabeth wrapped their arms around each other and Luke ran at Jason, giving him a big hug before poking Lydia and saying 'you're it'. Lydia instantly ran off to chase him and Jason moved on to hug Annabeth as Percy came running out and getting their bags. "Merry Christmas!" he exclaimed. Inside they had already got a fire going, which Reyna was more that happy to curl up in front of. "I suppose you called dibs on the bedroom with the double bed already?" Jason asked Percy. There were three bedrooms in the beach house, all pretty small. One had a double bed, one had two single beds, and one only had one single bed – that was the one they always gave to the kids, as they were smaller and required less space. "First come, first serve." "We would have gotten here first if the bloody airport didn't lose our bags," Jason sighed. "Okay, well what do we do now?" "Well," Annabeth said. "Christmas is in a week, so we have six days to deck the halls and fralalalala. We need to get this place Christmas-ready." A/N: Hey everyone! This story is set in 2025 and all of the characters are about thirty. It's set in the future from my Percabeth/Jeyna college story, It's Called College. You may be readers of that story, or you may be someone new, but it's set in the same world. I consulted a lot of people via tumblr or IRL about the names of their kids but sorry if you don't like. This story will be updated every day until Christmas, blah blah, I said all of this in It's Called College. I'm actually a little behind than where I would like to be with this story so it's all binge-writing for the next few days. Reviews make my day so please leave one before you go! Merry Christmas! -Izzy