there would be no catch, but not only did she worry about how that would affect her image, she also knew that Aphrodite would never pass up the chance to mess with Artemis. "Well, I personally don't think you are capable of being a mother, so to ensure that your child would get a chance to be with a proper mother, your child will be a demigod, not an immortal," Hera said, putting up a rather convincing act. Her voice was snide and taunting, a slight smirk graced her lips and her eyes were set in a condescending glare. Aphrodite giggled, a mischievous smile firmly planted on her face. "Oh, that's perfect for my little...plan. I want the freedom to mess around with your child's love life, Artemis dear." Artemis gulped, not sure if it was worth it. Hera noticed her hesitation. "Well, it seems that you really don't want to have the chance at being a mother after all," she said, turning towards the opposite side of the room, as if to walk away. The voice of Artemis stopped her. "Wait! I-I'll do it," she said, sounding a bit defeated. Hera smiled at her. "I knew you would come around." "Alright, let's get a move on people!" Athena shouted from across the room, gesturing everyone over to her and the three goddesses joined everyone else. "Okay, so you three do whatever it is that you have to do," Athena said, pointing to the trio. They nodded and cleared up a section of the room for their use. They had Sally stand in a spot while they, along with Poseidon, stood in a circle around her while holding each other's hands. They all closed their eyes and a soft, slowly pulsing white light stated to surround them. A bright, almost tangible aura of green manifested itself around Poseidon while a very dim aura of white manifested around Sally. The pulsing light became brighter and brighter, its pulsing becoming faster and faster before the pulsing just stopped and a bright ball of light was all that could be seen. Ever so slowly, a tendril of Poseidon's energy approached Sally, before it suddenly struck her in the womb. Sally gasped as she felt something inside of her change. The air was thick with so much magic that even Apollo, who never bothered to hone any of his senses before, could practically see the magic flowing through the room. Nobody but Hecate understood why such powerful magic was at play, all of them believing that such a process would be simple. Tantalizingly slowly, the light died down and one could see that the immortals were all standing, albeit a bit shakily, while Sally was on the floor, unconscious. "Okay, what just happened? What was with the immensely powerful magic?" asked Hades. "I can explain that," said Hecate. "Life is not so simple as to be able to be made with a snap of one's fingers, especially not in this era where true believers of magic are so scarce, even more so when one tries to create a demigod. Truthfully, Artemis, Aphrodite and Hera could have simply made Sally fertile with but a thought, then allowing Poseidon to take care of the rest. Instead, they chose to set-up the building blocks for the child, to start the process of the child's development by means of their magic. All of this would allow the child a much more magically sound body, one that could not only handle the power of so many blessings, but could also adapt to them, increasing the child's abilities threefold." "I see," said Hades as he stood up. "If there is nothing else to be done then I will be getting back to the Underworld, I still have much work to be done." With that, Hades stepped into a shadow and disappeared. The other gods started leaving as well, leaving Poseidon with a sleeping Sally Jackson. Aphrodite, Artemis and Hera left last together, though Poseidon paid them no heed. The god of the sea picked his sleeping lover and carried her to her bedroom. He laid her on the bed and smiled a little as he saw that sally was drooling. "Sleep well, my love," he whispered before dissolving into a sea breeze. As soon as he left, an ancient presence entered the room. "This will be interesting..." a bodiless feminine voice whispered. As quickly as it entered, the presence left, but not before leaving a small, black velvet box in one of Sally's storage boxes. She wouldn't find the small box until more than a decade later. Artemis, accompanied by the goddess of love as well as the goddess of marriage, appeared in her silver palace on Olympus. She took a deep breath before looking at her companions and nodding. They performed a ritual not unlike the one performed on Sally, except this one took much longer and it almost completely drained the three goddesses. However, despite her unusual exhaustion, Artemis felt more alive then ever, though perhaps this was because of the new life that she could sense was slowly growing inside of her. A few tears trailed down her cheeks as a feeling of immense happiness and relief flooded her system. In a very emotional moment for the otherwise usually impassive goddess, Artemis hugged Aphrodite and Hera while constantly thanking them. After she finally calmed down, Artemis let go of the two stunned goddesses, who quickly left after that. Artemis started rubbing her stomach, all the while smiling like her wish came true, which it actually did. So consumed she was in her happiness, Artemis didn't notice the other divine presence in the room. This was the same presence that visited Sally Jackson just moments ago. Once again, the feminine voice whispered, "This will be very interesting..." The presence also left a small black velvet box in the premises before it left. This, too, would not be found until more than a decade later. END OF CHAPTER 1