quest." Apollo glared. "I'm pretty sure that exceeded the definition of 'introduction.'" "I was just trying to cover all the bases," Percy replied while reaching to put a box of cereal on top of the fridge. Paul looked a little bug-eyed, but Sally and Annabeth were wearing identical looks of outrage and fury. Sally stepped forward. "No." Her voice was like steel. Percy could have counted on one hand the number of times that he had heard her use that tone in his entire life. He could have heard a pin drop in the silence after the single word his mom had voiced. Then, Apollo sat up and eyed Sally. "What was that?" Sally returned his stare. "No," she replied with conviction. "No?" Apollo sounded incredulous. "That's right. I said, 'No.' Annabeth and Percy will not be traveling all the way to Greece for yet another war disguised as a quest. An afternoon long errand here in the city? Sure. Training other demigods at the camps? No problem. Maybe a diplomatic meeting on Olympus? Go for it. But going halfway around the world to solve a problem the gods themselves are capable of and ought to solve themselves? N-O, no." And just as casually as ever, she turned and began to reheat some pre-pumped milk for Hope. Apollo laughed like he was dealing with a confused child. "You are a lot of things, Sally Jackson-Blofis, but at the end of the day, you are still a mortal. You have no say on what the gods do or don't do. I suggest you remember that. I'm sure baby Hope would prefer growing up with a mother." At this Percy stepped forward, as did Paul. Percy growled and felt the water pressure building in the plumbing. "Don't you dare threaten my mother's life." Apollo took a step towards him, and Percy was pleased to note that he had a good two inches on the un-god. "You're treading on thin ice, Perseus." "It wouldn't be the first time," Percy returned. His voice was deadly calm. Apollo cursed. "You're too comfortable with how you address gods, as is your mother." There was a loud groan from the sink. Annabeth put her hand on Percy's shoulder. "The plumbing, Percy," she calmly reminded him. Percy inhaled through his nose and returned putting away groceries. "We can discuss this later, Apollo, but leave my family out of it. Dinner won't be for a while yet. Why don't you go make yourself comfortable in the living room? There's a Yankees game on, if you're interested." Percy heard Apollo leave the room, exhaled heavily, rubbed his face, and went to pack up his homework. "I think I'll go to my room for a bit, unless you need me." His mom grabbed his wrists and pulled him away from the table and hugged him. "Percy, I'm serious. I don't want you and Annabeth going on this quest." Annabeth had sat down and was feeding Hope. She looked up at them. "Sally, we probably don't have much of choice. If the gods want us to go, we'll have to go." "No you don't," Sally argued. "They promised to leave you alone for the next few years. They can't-" "Mom, they can," Percy informed her heavily. "Apollo told me before you got home. They only promised to leave us alone while we are in college, and-" "And you're still in high school," Paul finished. His voice sounded old. Percy looked over and nodded at his step-father. "Exactly." Sally started pacing. "So that's it, then. The gods have just decided to interrupt your life, again, take you away from home, again, send you across the globe, again, assign you to save the world, again, and risk your life, again, for something that they should be able to care for themselves. And you're just going to go along with it? They promised, Percy! They promised!" She was going to cry. Percy could hear the hitch in her voice. He, Annabeth, and the other demigods dealt with the after-effects of two back-to-back wars every day. It was normal, expected, even, but far less obvious was the after-effects the mortal parents of demigods experienced watching their children go through such horrors at such young ages. And Sally was not immune. If anything, she was more deeply affected than most because of Percy's sudden and prolonged disappearance the previous year. Paul was faster than Percy this time and was at Sally's side in no time. She instantly buried her face in her husband's shoulder. Her fists were clenched and gripping the front of his shirt. Percy walked over and gently rubbed her back. "Mom, we don't want to go, but like Annabeth said, we don't have a choice. At the mere suggestion of it from you, Apollo threatened your life, and he's currently powerless. We'll have to go or be blasted to bits." Annabeth burped Hope and came over to the group. "Percy's right, Sally. We have to go if they say to go." Sally pulled back from Paul and looked at the two of them. Paul took Hope from Annabeth, and Sally put a hand on each of Percy and Annabeth's cheeks. "You've just done so much already. I just…I worry. I love you both, and I just have a bad feeling about you going on another big quest. And you'll be going off to college in New Rome this fall…Oh, listen to me being a sentimental mother." Percy smiled and hugged her. "Be as sentimental as you want, Mom." She gave him an extra squeeze. "Okay, Percy," she replied as she let go of him. She took a breath. "Now, go finish your homework in your room while I cook dinner. Annabeth is here to help you, now." Percy smiled at her and shouldered his backpack. Annabeth walked over and grabbed her book bag from its place beside the front door, and the two of them went to work on homework until dinner was ready.