"Don't worry, it's not poison. But I have a feeling you and I both need this." She rolled her eyes before taking the flask from him and drinking. "This doesn't make us friends," she said as she handed it back to him. " Of course not," he replied, taking his flask back. They exchanged a brief look before eye-stalking Jason and Piper once more. "I bet, if we put our head together, we could manipulate a way for them to break apart. Hurry up the inevitable." Reyna sighed, looking at him. "And risk both of them hating us? No, I'd rather let them fall apart on their own. Or fix their problems. But they better hurry up and do it already so I can move on with my life, instead of sitting on the sidelines as Jason figures out what he feels." Leo nodded. "You're probably right. Let's just wait for them to figure this out themselves." " That's a lot more civilized," Reyna approved, crossing her arms. "Unlike your hair, Valdez" she added, cocking her head to one side. "You look like a Muppet." They ended up getting very mildly drunk that night. They realized they were in the same situation. The only person either of them knew that could relate to their situation – sitting on the sidelines and waiting for someone to decide whether or not they liked you – was each other. They stopped hating each other after that. -0-0-0-0-0- Piper was officially in love with Nathaniel. His eyes, like his father, resembled light skies on a summers day, his blonde hair was soft and his cheeks were chubby. Babies were adorable. At one point during lunch, he began to cry, and Reyna just cooed something in Spanish. More like a song that a sentence, and Nate calmed down immediately. "Are you raising him with both English and Spanish, or…?" Piper asked, sipping her hot chocolate and getting cream all over her upper lip. Like an adult. Reyna nodded. "Jason thought it would be best, at first, to raise him with English, since he'll be living in America for his childhood. But when I said I wanted him to know at least a little Spanish, Jason didn't argue." "I'm probably going to have the same conversation with Leo soon," Piper said. "I don't care about French, which is the other language I speak. Leo's already started tapping my stomach with Morse Code. That was like, his and his mother's tradition, and I guess he wants it to continue with his child as well." Reyna pulled up Nate's blanket in the pushchair, covering his tiny shoulders as he began drifting to sleep. She turned back to Piper and grinned. "So many languages. As a Roman, Nate might pick up some Latin naturally, but if not, neither of us really care." She finished her food and leaned back, waiting for Piper to finish hers. "What are you thinking in terms of names?" "No idea," Piper said. "I kind of want something unique and different. Beautiful." Reyna nodded. "Sure. But then you're signing them up to a life of miss-pronunciations, miss-spellings, not being able to find their name on any merchandise and having them silently curse you for making them the kid at school with the weird name." "Shit," Piper said. "Whatever the supply-teacher says will be his nickname forever. I went to this one school where we had a girl called Kianna. The teacher caller her 'Keener', so she was Keener from sixth to eighth grade." "Exactly," Reyna nodded. "I mean, don't listen to me, all your baby whatever you want." Piper shrugged her off. "No, I want to consider every perspective. I mean, whatever I name this kid will be the name that identifies him for the rest of his life." Reyna nodded. "It's a lot of pressure," she said. "Do you know if it's a boy or girl?" Piper shook her head, finishing of a few more of her snacks. "We decided to wait and see. The nursery's painted yellow, which was considered a gender-neutral colour. It's this beautiful little attic room in our house with a white carpet and white lace curtains and it's filled with teddies… Leo built the crib." Reyna tutted. "I wish Jason was that creative," she joked. "We got a shop-bought one." "Shame on you," Piper said, before laughing. The noise decreased as Piper finished her food. The two women paused, looking at each other before Reyna sighed. "Where are you going from here?" she asked. "Superdrug," Piper answered. "Pregnancy meds and stuff, you know? Then Leo's picking me up to take me back home. What about you?" "I need to get a new blouse for work," Reyna said. "Then I need to take Nate to look at new car chairs, since his broke. Then get the bus home." "Well then," Piper shrugged. "I feel like this is where we say goodbye." Reyna nodded and they got to their feet. They hugged again as a worker came over to collect their used plates and cups. "If we're going to be living in the same state, we should meet up sometimes," Reyna suggested. "I think Jason's planning a barbeque. Maybe a double date." "Playdates," Piper added, enthusiastically. "Definitely," Reyna agreed, grinning. "Just don't be a stranger, okay?" "Wouldn't dream of it," Piper nodded. They took the lift down to the bottom floor and walked out of the exit together. "I'll see you around, Piper," Reyna said, smiling a little more solemnly. Piper nodded before they turned and walked their own separate ways. There had once been so much drama between them, history between Piper and Reyna's husband, arguments had turned into fights whenever they got together with Leo and Jason. Piper couldn't help but feel like, even though it was all in the past, those playdates would probably never happen. A/N: Hours to write. Literally. Seconds to review. Let me know what you think. This is my first time writing Liper, so...