know that every time a person lies, that no matter how good a liar they are- their heart always reveals the truth? There is always that change in rhythm. Some more slight than others, but it's there." Dr. Thorn slumped down. Suddenly realizing the harsh dilemma he was in. Was it possible…that he's at a loss? "Good," Seth stated. "You are finally starting to show fear . Your heartbeat is going in such a frenzy right now. I wonder what I did to speed it up." "Shut up!" Dr. Thorn screeched. His life be damned- he could always regenerate, but he would make sure this brat went with him! He lunged forward with the intention of grabbing the brat's neck-! Instead, he felt something pierce his own neck. The Manticore choked, blood instantly seeping out of his mouth. His opponent's calculating gaze upon him. He had been paying so much attention to the mortal gun in his left hand that he didn't consider the boy using one of his daggers instead. "I mentioned in the beginning that I've read up on you," Seth mumbled, and the Manticore felt chills go down his spine when the boy faced him with a smile. "The information was hard to dig up, but to think the hollow part of your throat was your weak spot, not bad for an Achilles heel." The boy quickly withdrew his weapon, blood smearing his face and parts of his suit while doing so. "Make sure you take your sweet time in Tartarus. Say hello to your buddies for me." With that said, Dr. Thorn breathed his last as his body dissolved into dust. Seth Hunter surveyed the damage. There were now numerous cracks on the walls and damaged furniture. It was a good thing he applied some Mist before entering the room. The noise of his battle with the Manticore would have alerted unwanted attention. He placed his gun back into his chest strap and his held dagger back onto his belt (after wiping off the stains first). He also took off the black wig he had on, revealing dark auburn hair that went just past his eyes. Once he has done so, his cell phone started ringing in his pocket. "Hunter," Seth responded, and quickly drew the phone away on reflex as the person on the other end started shouting: "YOU CERTAINLY TOOK YOUR DAMN SWEET TIME HUNTER! WHAT WERE YOU DOING PLAYING AROUND?! HOW DARE YOU MAKE ME WAIT SO LONG IN THIS RIDICULOUS WEATHER?" "Sorry Walt," Seth muttered, "but I didn't think any more bullets should be wasted on a creature like him-!" "WHAT NONSENSE IS THIS?! BULLETS ARE MEANT TO BE USED! NOT AS A LAST RESORT YOU IDIOT!" Walt, his mentor, continued to berate him. Seth started rubbing his forehead, his eyebrow twitching in annoyance. "Now unlock this door already! Security is starting to get crazy out here!" Walt yelled, his anger slowly residing. "You're finally alone, right?" Seth closed his cell and walked over to the computer lying on the glass desk. Based on what Walt had instructed him, he quickly found the right files and buttons, successfully unlocking all doors to allow strangers into the premises. After around ten minutes, a bulky, middle-aged dark haired man appeared on the other side of the room, a briefcase in hand. "What a mess," Walt muttered, looking at the room in disgust. "At least you have some sense to keep the computer undamaged, or my coming here would be meaningless." "Of course, Walt," Seth complied absentmindedly. Walt only huffed in response before plugging in his hard drive into the computer. His fingers soaring across the keyboard as he quickly hacked into the system. Files were popping out and in a matter of minutes Walt had successfully downloaded every critical data into the hard drive while inserting a well encrypted virus to destroy any trances. "Now let's get out of here. With those hectic explosions earlier, there's bound to be some flies," Walt said gruffly. He gave Seth a glance. "Are those bloodstains on the suit?" Seth cursed in his mind. "YOU BETTER DRY CLEAN THAT UNTIL THAT SUIT IS SPOTLESS YOU HEAR ME?!" Walt shouted. "I AIN'T GONNA TOLERATE MONSTER FILTH IN THE HOUSE!" "Yes, Walt," Seth said, exasperated as the two of them left the room. His ears were still wincing from Walt's yelling. He still wondered if Walt was doing it on purpose just to aggravate him. "Don't forget to do the laundry either." "I know." "My desk is starting to gather dust, I expect you to clean it once we get back." "Got it." "Also don't forget-!" "Rearranging the book shelf, cleaning up the arena, and preparing dinner," Seth finished. Oh gods, he really did have a lot to do later. Walt narrowed his eyes at him. "What did I say about interrupting me ?" "I'm sorry, Walt." Once the two were outside, they found Walt's jeep located in the edge of the forest. There were already numerous reporters and news vans present due to the explosions, but no one batted an eye at the dark haired man and his accomplice as they walked right by. When they were finally situated in the car, Walt gave an irritated glance. "What are you waiting for, Hunter? Blow up the rest." Seth nodded. They were already at a distance away when they heard it: the sound of buildings crashing down that would inevitably destroy the rest of the weapons supply. Seth saw the smoke rising into the sky from the rear view mirror. Based on what little he gathered from the Manticore, things were really much worse than they had thought. Well, at least they were able to strike a blow against the enemy. He pitied the one who must report this to Kronos. -o- * Tyche, also known as Fortuna, is the minor goddess of fortune and victory. She was mentioned in The Son of Neptune as the goddess of the Cornucopia.