Zeus arrived. His face was laden with pity, anger, and sorrow at the same time… along with glazed eyes. Why were everyone's eyes glazed over? Surprisingly, Zeus shrunk to normal size and knelt down by me, placing his hand on my shoulder. "Percy, my boy. We know you've been affected by your time in Tartarus. We simply cannot allow for this continue." I nodded, my mind finally cracking. Realizations filled my brain that this was bound to happen, that they would get rid of my power eventually. But why now? Zeus stepped away and rose to normal size. My father walked over and did the same as Zeus. "Percy, my boy. I love you with all of my heart. Really, you're the greatest son I've ever been proud of. But the time you were in Tartarus… it gave you a curse upon you and any future children I will have. So will you allow me to disown you? It will remove the burden upon any future children I have Percy, please," he whispered. I nodded, unable to resist his pleading eyes. " Thank you Percy. I will make sure you are remembered," he murmured. Tears were visible in his eyes, obviously not wanting to do this. He walked away and stood next to Hades and Zeus. The other Olympians were obviously upset that this had to be done. Well, the others excluding Ares. Even Dionysus looked saddened. " Perseus Jackson," Zeus began, "you have broken the Ancient Laws by killing several mortals. Therefore, you are given the punishment of execution and disownment so that this dishonor will not stain future generations of children of the sea." " I understand, Lord Zeus," I responded quietly. My brain died as I thought about how my life turned upside down in just a matter of hours. All because I went to visit my mom with… Louis. As Big Three held up their symbols of power, my dad with tears in his eyes, my friends and family for several years standing behind them with their eyes glazed too, I snapped my vision towards Louis. His eyes weren't glazed. And he was grinning. Right before the Big Three released the beams of energy from their symbols of power, Louis' body flickered back and forth. A completely black, featureless figure. A man wearing an overcoat. A different kid wearing… a Russian hat? And then they released their energy, three substantially different beams of light coming towards me. When they were right in front of me, time seemed to slow down as the beams moved extremely slowly. Suddenly, something grabbed my shoulder, and I blacked out. Artemis P.O.V. I was somewhat pleased that my father and uncles executed a male with their very own hands. But this was no ordinary male, no, this was Perseus Jackson. A much different male from the rest. My heart fluttered as I thought about him, something that surprised me. But he was quite extraordinary with his humility and sheer amount of power. I most certainly enjoyed his presence, for he would treat all genders with respect. He was a role model for all males. My father waved his hand, signaling it was time for us to go. As I was about to teleport myself, I couldn't help but notice how glassy-eyed the demigods were. Hades, even several of the gods were glassy-eyed. Even I felt somewhat dreamy for the past few hours. But as hard as I tried, I couldn't teleport myself out. I looked around, and saw Apollo was angered from being unable to teleport. In fact, none of the gods had managed to teleport out. The demigods were looking at us in confusion, wondering what was going on. Suddenly, a loud scream permeated throughout the air. Everyone, even Apollo, covered their ears in pain from the sheer pitch of the scream. Then a body started rising up into the air surrounded by black smoke. Apollo then fainted and fell to the ground, black smoke pouring out of his mouth and adding to the smoke around the body. As a green glow surrounded the body, I realized it was Apollo's current Oracle – Rachel Dare? Without warning, a devilish voice began to ring out, the source Rachel. Listen to me, those who are wise This is the Final Prophecy, the last of my cries The Forgotten One will rise The one who will be known as the Archangel, whom Gods will despise His rising shall reach the depths of Tartarus Awakening those more powerful than Erebus These unknown enemies awaken From Pandora's Box, Hope will be taken The Sixth Age shall begin Olympus and its Gods destroyed from within The dark ones will rule the world Immense power, they will weld However one God shall survive and fight Towards the Archangel and its light A once forbidden relationship But the pieces will fall and click Together, their love rises against all For it is they who will answer the call To protect the world or further the devastation And the Seventh Age shall begin after their invasion This shall be the Final Age Already set are the rulers and their stage Be warned Gods of Olympus Thou shalt witness the tempest Your destruction is imminent Then the black smoke evaporated quickly and Rachel's body fell to the ground, several campers managing to catch her in time. I was sorely confused as to what was happening. Apollo's reaction would have said it all, but he was on the ground completely unconscious. But Zeus and Hades were extremely pale, and that was saying something about my uncle. The rest of the Olympians were thoroughly confused and Hermes was trying to calm down the campers, who broke out in shouting when Rachel fell to the ground. "Dionysus, Chiron! Bring the campers back to Camp Half-Blood. Everyone else, head to Olympus immediately!" This can't be good. ! #$%^&*()_+ I finally revised this piece of shit chapter. Expect two and three to be revised soon.