gaze on him. ' Whoops ," he thought before turning tail to the garden hose. "Percy get back here so I can kick your ass!" she yelled grabbing an arm of balloons climbing down the ladder to the yard. "Never!" he cackled filling up his extreme super soaker. Annabeth inched down the fence making sure his back was turned to her. "Hey Perce!" she called laughing at the shocked look on his face from her being so close to him. His mouth opened in shock before having enough common sense to shield his face with his arms. She unloaded her amo onto him grinning when he was left dripping wet. He turned and looked at her looking positively insulted. His expression made her laugh and soon she had her arms wrapped around her waist tears streaming down her face, her body shaking from laughter. Percy shook his head and ran at her reaching out to grab her waist. With quick reflexes though she turned and sprinted to her safe haven: the treehouse. Climbing up the ladder she ran to the deck looking out see where her attacker was. Little did she know he was right behind her with the last balloon in hand. His sneak attack probably would have worked if the old wood hadn't of groaned beneath him. She spun around catching his wrist above her head, seconds before he dropped it. She tried to push it back to him, towards his head but he was stronger. He almost had the balloon over her head, but there was still one escape plan. Annabeth always had a plan. She leaned into him and looked up at him through her lashes. She tilted her head and stood on her tiptoes so their lips were level. Moving her lips so they were barely touching, half on his half on his cheek she whispered, "You're not really going to that are you Perce?" I know seducing is bad but when a girl's gotta win a girl's gotta win. His body tensed and the water balloon fell from his hands falling to the wood at their feet. Annabeth stepped back from him, shining a winning smile. The sound of it breaking broke him from his reverie. "That was mean Beth," he growled stepping forward until her back hit the railing and their chests were touching. His hands gripped her by the waist pulling them even closer. "Oh?" she said breathily shocked by how close they were. I mean, yeah they had been close before, but not like this. Not with the same intentions and feelings . He ducked his head and nuzzled her neck his lips moving against her skin in the most distracting way, "Yeah. You should be ashamed of yourself." Then his hands slid from her waist as if he was going to move back. Annabeth wasn't about ready to let that happen. Maybe it was because she had too much pride and refused to let him leave her there breathless, letting him know the effect he had on her. Maybe it was because it was about time that they had a proper kiss, not like one they shared when they were ten. Maybe it was purely because of those Goddamn teenage hormones. However for whatever reason Annabeth hooked her fingers through his belt loops, pulling their bodies flush against each other. She moved to his hand putting them back on her waist and then trailed her fingers up to tangle in the curls at the nape of his neck. "I don't think so," she said in a hushed voice looking up into the eyes she had known since as long as she could remember. The green was churning with swells of blue and were already staring at her. Annabeth broke eye contact her eyes flicking down to his lips. He grinned a lopsided smile. "Oh really?" he said in the same hushed tone brushing his forehead against hers. "Really," she said before closing the space between them her eyes fluttering shut. His hand trailed up her back tangling in her hair as hers tugged on his hair pulling him closer. It only seemed right that their first real kiss was in the treehouse. Their treehouse. Percy and Annabeth are eighteen and graduating from high school. They were voted the cutest couple and everyone saw it coming. Even when they weren't dating they still looked like it. Annabeth was the Valedictorian and delivered a beautiful speech without a hitch. Percy managed to get all A's and B's on his report card (thanks to Annabeth). The afternoon just seemed kinda surreal to the duo. It was like their life had been put on fast forward when all they wanted to do was go back and rewind. There were too many hugs and too many tears. The end to their high school career had come to an end and they weren't sure what to make of it. Twelve years of their life had come down to one scroll of paper all neatly rolled and tied with a blue ribbon. After the ceremony they both climbed into Sally's car, Annabeth planning on having dinner with her parents later that night. Before they could change out their gowns, Sally ushered them to the backyard. Pulling out a camera she made them pose in front of the treehouse where so much of their lives had surrounded. Percy smiled his troublemaker grin his black hair as messy as ever. He had his arms wrapped securely around his best friend's waist, in one hand he held a scroll and his graduation cap. Annabeth's long curls cascaded over her shoulders, her pearly smile happy and carefree. They had their heads tilted towards each other eyes green on grey the treehouse in the background. The walls still had Percy's faded pictures and Annabeth's architecture designs and maps of the world. The wood was older and the rope swing had lost its color it once had. Same kids, same treehouse. 'Click.' Fin~