What are you doing here?" Piper asked as she stood up and shook the sand from her hair and clothes. Sea foam started to engulf the shore as the waves started to pick up, Piper slightly wondered if the tide was starting to come in. "Tyson getting sea shells for Ella. Ella likes sea shells. Should get her pink sea shells." Tyson spoke proudly showing the bag that was clutched in his hand. Piper smiled, it was good to see Tyson looking and sounding so happy. "Tyson, are you alright?" Annabeth spoke up. Piper looked at Annabeth with confusion but when she saw the look of doubt in her eyes, Piper knew what she was talking about. Since today was the marking of Percy and Nico's death, could Tyson have been putting up a front? "Tyson fine. Tyson getting sea shells for Ella" Tyson smiled and started to look amongst the sand. Piper knelt down to help him find some. "But you know what today is, don't you?" Piper asked softly. Tyson nodded as she picked up and small spiral like shell and place it in the bag with careful grace. Piper was always amazed how he could hand such tiny things so carefully and delicately with his big hands. "Yes. I know." Tyson answered. Annabeth knelt down next to Tyson, her steely grey eyes looking at him with concern. Piper picked up another sea shell, its colours dancing along its surface. Maybe Tyson could make this into a nice hair pin for Ella. "Tyson, are you sure you're alright?" Annabeth questioned. Tyson stood up and even though he smiled, Piper swore she had heard a sigh escape his lips. Both the girls stood, Piper placing the shell in Tyson's bag. "Tyson is alright, Annabeth. Tyson alright because brother is alright." Tyson spoke. Piper's eyes shot towards Tyson's smiling face, surprise must have been written on her features because she sure felt surprised. "What...What do you mean, Tyson?" Piper asked. Tyson grinned at Piper before pointing to his head. "Brother is safe, he's just sleeping" Tyson spoke. Piper stood there as the shock started to take over her body. Tyson really thought that Percy was just sleeping? Annabeth tried to convince Tyson that Percy wasn't coming back, even to the point where tears started to fall from her eyes again. But Tyson stood in front of the two girls proclaiming that Percy was alright. As the sky became a rich ruby red while the sun started to set, the birds leaving the food rich waters in search for a place to lay down for the night. Piper wondered what Tyson could have meant. Was he getting dreams of Percy? Was Tyson taking the meaning of the dream incorrectly? Annabeth looked as if she was getting frustrated with the cyclops, for which Piper couldn't blame her. Then, over the crashing waves, the bay of a horse sounded. Piper looked up for any pegasi that could have been flying about, which would have been weird at this time since all the pegasi were meant to be in the stables by now. But as her eyes scanned the sky, she only found small shapes of sea birds. The sound of the horse grew louder and Piper knew she wasn't hearing things when Annabeth started to search the skies too. "Look!" Tyson called out, pointing towards the sea. Piper looked out into the sea, nothing was there. Just the foaming waves that hit the shore line. But as she was about to tell Tyson that nothing was there, she gasped. Flying out of the waters like a dolphin, came a huge rainbow coloured...horse. "Rainbow Pony!" Tyson boomed as he charged out into the water. Annabeth was close behind him. Piper slowly walked toward them as the 'rainbow pony' came to shore. Tyson patted the muzzle of the huge creature with his equally huge hand, his lips turning into his crooked smile that Piper found to be a bit cute. Piper looked at the strange creature before her. It did indeed have the head and shoulders of a horse, but instead of a mane of hair, this one had a mane of...fins. Its skin was covered with scales, shining with different colours of the rainbow but as Piper's eyes wandered the creature she noticed that it didn't have any back legs but a long tail. "It's a Hippocampus." Annabeth spoke up, petting the creatures neck. "A what?" Piper asked. "Hippocampus. They're creatures that draw Poseidon's chariot, it's said that sea foam is created by their movements."Annabeth elaborated. Piper remembered that Poseidon had created horses, so why not hippocampus. Piper gently reached out, the hippocampus regarded her with its big black eye. She gave a soft smile to the creature before she placed her hand on the neck. The skin was cold and slimy from the water but Piper was amazed by the strong pulse she felt under the skin. The scales were soft to the touch, much like that of a fish really. "That's weird" Annabeth spoke up. Piper looked up to see Annabeth looking down at the back of the hippocampus. Piper glanced down, a satchel was strapped to the back of the creature. Annabeth knelt down and picked up the brown leather satchel. "It's from Poseidon" Annabeth spoke, showing the symbol of the trident that had been etched into the leather. Piper held her breath as Annabeth opened the tightly wound bag and reached inside. Annabeth pulled out the object that lay within and both Piper and Annabeth gasped. Piper's body shook as she looked at what was in Annabeth's hand. It couldn't have been real, but if it was fake why would Poseidon send it on the back of a hippocampus. "Told you. Brother is safe" Tyson smiled. Tyson must have had sixth sense or Ella had told him but what she was seeing, she couldn't quiet believe. Annabeth stood, holding the one weapon that could only belong to him. Riptide. ~END~