the guys they hang out with. It was great, until Keira showed up and sat down right next to me. Damn, I just can't get lucky. "Hey there Percy," her smiled dripped with lust that made me want to puke. If I wasn't ADHD then I am positive I wouldn't have noticed her scooting her chair over slightly closer to mine as she sat down. "Hey Keira," I said blankly before scooting my chair closer to Keegan and continuing the conversation with them. I could feel Keira staring at my back so intently that I thought she had to be a daughter of Ares. I shivered and prayed to every other god and goddess that I was wrong about that. "Um Percy," she tapped me lightly on the shoulder, and I grudgingly turned around with a smile plastered on my face. She beamed at me, "What is that summer camp of yours like?" As she said that she traced a finger up my bare arm before I chuckled nervously and slid it backward out of her reach. "Yeah tell us about how you and Annabeth met and fell in love ," Derrick stretched out the word love so it would have been spelt with more o's. I blushed, "She's just my friend," I managed to mumble as Keegan and Derrick started laughing while Keira was glaring daggers at her brother. "Whatever you say. Anyways tell us about the camp," Keegan said containing his laughter at Keira's face. Finally something that didn't make me nervous to talk about, even though I couldn't tell them exactly what happens at camp but I could dance around the truth enough so that I wouldn't have to lie blatantly. "Well it is a camp that you have to be allowed in. To be allowed to join you have to have certain abilities that no one else has. Once they determine that you can be allowed in than you are sorted by what type your abilities are. Every year a certain group of campers get to go off around the world to complete challenges and help people by using their abilities. And at the end of the year everyone gets a different bead based on what happened that year. Annabeth has more than I do because she has been there longer." I pulled out the leather cord that held all of the beads and pointed to the first one that had the trident of Poseidon on it. "This one was my first year, because I was the first one to have my ability in a long time to the camp so this one is based on me." Next I pointed to the Golden Fleece, "This is my second year when I got to go out on a challenge with Annabeth in hopes to find and help our friend Grover. We had to do a lot of searching to find him and when we found him he had a fleece with him that was golden, so that is where that came from." I pointed to the third bead on the necklace thinking about when I traveled across the country to save Annabeth. Not only at how I went to save her, but the fact that I was the only one that believed she was still alive. "This one is from my third year when I was sent on a challenge to go and help Annabeth who was in trouble. I ended up having to fight some people to get her back, but I finally did and we returned." The next one was special to me, because it was the year I almost died and Annabeth kissed me. I blushed, fingering the bead, "Um, this one was from last year and it is a picture of a maze. Annabeth and I went on a challenge again this year to keep an enemy of ours from gaining access to the camp without permission. We had to travel through a maze to figure out where they were and it was horrible being there. I'm still glad that I wasn't alone." "Wow, that camp sounds like a really active hippy camp," Derrick said laughing. I growled at him and he sobered up enough to know not to say anything like that again. "Anyways, what's your ability that got you into the camp? No need to tell us why Annabeth got in, must have been her looks." I glowered at him, "I got in because of my way with water and she got in because of how smart she is. Both of us also got in because we are really good fighters if need be." "What is this camp's goal? I mean what do you do when you go on these challenges and what not?" Keegan's question caught me off guard; usually people were more interested in whether or not I could kick so and so's ass. I stared at him. I really thought about telling him and Derrick right then, but I remembered how foolish that would be and Keira is sitting right beside me. "Maybe one day I will get the chance to tell both of you," I said pointing at both Derrick and Keegan, "Without putting you in the danger I would be opening you up to now." They tried to ask me questions and begged me to tell them what I was talking about, but I wouldn't give. Soon they gave up, but I could tell that our conversation was fresh on all of their minds. Oh well, gives them something that isn't a lie about my history. Lunch flew by as I ignored talking to Keira anymore, after trying to get her to see that I wasn't interested too many times count. My mind drifted from the drab lunch room and the blue soda sitting in front of me as I thought about everything that I had been through with Annabeth. I smiled as my thoughts strayed farther and farther from the place I was sitting in.