ponytail behind her ear. "Sorry. Luke and I are going out of town on Saturday. Maybe another day?" She looks so sorry, Percy can't find it within himself to be mad at her, so he nods, and dips a french fry into his chocolate milkshake. Suddenly, it doesn't taste as sweet anymore. Annabeth knocks on his bedroom window on Sunday, and Percy realizes what must have happened on Saturday. Her hair is in a messy bun, and her eyes are bloodshot and puffy from crying. Percy opens up the window, and Annabeth climbs off of the sturdy oak tree branch, and into his room. "I'm sorry," is the first thing he says, sitting cross-legged on his duvet, computer whirring softly as he pauses his movie. She sniffs, wiping her dry eyes furiously, and sits on his duvet. "I feel stupid," she sighs, her breath catching. "I'm not supposed to be this upset over a boy. Fuck," she swears, "why do I always end up with the assholes?" And Percy agrees. Ethan Nakamura was an asshole, cheating on her with Alabaster Torrington, and Nate Herricks was just rude. And Luke, Percy had never liked Luke. But still, he shakes a finger playfully at her, and retorts, "Hey missy, you ended up here on your own. But I do accept your compliment." She smiles, and punches him in the shoulder, laughing lightly. "Can we watch Howl's Moving Castle?" She asks, falling backwards into his mound of pillows. It was their favorite movie back in sixth grade, when everything was a lot simpler, and Percy was still missing that front tooth Annabeth had knocked out. But Percy wishes that everything was simple again, so he agrees, and searches up the MP3 website they've used so many times before. Plus, he's never passed up a good Studio Ghibli film, and Percy decides that he isn't going to stop now. He pulls his full bowl of salted popcorn between them, and settles back to watch the movie. The popcorn doesn't taste like ash in his mouth, and Percy decides he likes the smell of Annabeth's strawberry shampoo mixed with his own laundry-detergent smell. He wonders why he smells like laundry detergent. april 20th, 2015 Annabeth hates Senior Prom. She really does. Piper doesn't stop gushing besides her about how romantic Jason had been as he asked her to go to Prom, and Annabeth feels guilty for wanting her to shut up. She's a bitter old maid, she decides, because she probably won't have a date, and Thalia is in college, so they can't go stag together anymore. Piper ditches her to get to French, and Annabeth ambles over to study hall, finding an open seat next to Percy. Dimly, she notices that it is April 20th, and tomorrow will mark exactly ten years since she met him face-to-face in first grade, and threw her ruler at him. Or six years since sixth grade, when they really became best friends. April 21st is special, Annabeth realizes. She realizes a lot of things on April 21st, such as a long-standing crush on her best friend. (that was last year, god, it's been so long) She still has his varsity swim jacket from freshmen year, and it is too small for her to wear now. But then she looks over at Percy, who is 17, going on to 18, and Annabeth wonders how she hasn't noticed him change. His acne is gone, along with his braces, leaving behind a nice set of teeth, that are peeking out from underneath his thin lips as he smiles at her. His hair is still an untamable mop, but Annabeth likes it that way, just like she loves his sparkling eyes, and forever tan skin. She wishes he would ask her to Prom, but Annabeth does not work that way. She isn't a wishy-washy girl, from a trashy romance novel. Annabeth Chase is headstrong, and beautiful because she is completely confident in herself. She resolves to ask him out on Saturday, and thanks god that it is Friday. april 21st 2015 Annabeth is nervous. Everything is just so normal today, and she's wound up so tight, waiting for something to go wrong, because it probably will. But everything is ok now, and she is sitting next to Percy at the dog park with Cerberus and Mrs. O'Leary, her hair up in a ponytail, and his new varsity swim team captain sweatshirt tied around his waist. She punches him as he tells a pun, and he smells like the sea. But now is the time, she realizes, now is the time. So she takes a deep breath, and clears her throat. "Percy…?" He turns to face her, head cocked like a puppy. "Yeah? What's up?" Her face is on fire, oh God, it's on fire. "C-can I ask you something?" Did she just stutter? He looks so confused, but he nods slowly. "Uh, yeah…sure." "Doyouwanttogotopromwithme?" It comes out in a rush, and Annabeth wonders where her confidence has gone. Percy's brow is furrowed, and Annabeth decides that luck can go screw itself, and she kisses him. It lasts a second, but feels like forever. His eyes widen, and his cheeks flush. She pulls away, and smiles devilishly. "Do you want to go to Prom with me, Seaweed Brain?" He pouts a little, and replies, "I was gonna ask you…" She smiles. "Too slow then, Seaweed Brain," and he laughs. It's a nice sound, but not nearly as nice as when he pulls her closer, buries his face in her hair, and whispers yes. Annabeth decides that while April 21st holds some of her best memories, for this moment, this April 21st holds the best of them all. a/n two: and that's that! i've been practicing writing more, so hopefully it shows through! until next time guys, please review! i think the newest chapter of Always and Forever will be up on Wednesday at the latest, so i'll see you guys then! adios, ren