person to be around. I prayed to every god and goddess that if they gave you back to me I wouldn't care if we were just friends, as long as you were alive. Then you came back, bruised and broken, and the only thing I could think about was that my prayers had been answered. When you went into that coma I felt as if I had lost you again, that this time you were going to slip through my fingers again. I sat with you every day you were out cold, every day. Then Rachel comes in almost a month later and kisses you; so confident that she was your love. When nothing happened after she left I thought that maybe I could save you this one time and repay you for every time you sacrificed yourself for me. I kissed you and it was the best moment of my life; total and utter bliss. When you woke up and looked at me I wanted to melt into you, but then Rachel threw me aside like a ragdoll and stole you out from under me. Seeing you two together ate at my heart, until I wanted to make you feel the same way, or at least try. I knew then that you could never feel the same way about me. The night in the Thalia's cabin I broke down for the first time, letting someone see through my outer shell. I'm sorry for running out, but now I'm glad I did or I wouldn't be writing this letter. My mom offered me to become the goddess of architecture and I am leaving this morning with her to Olympus. I don't think I can apologize enough for getting between you and Rachel. Now you will never have to see me again, for I must avoid you. My heart can't take seeing you every day, so I must say goodbye forever. Before I leave I wanted to tell you all of this and something else. Rachel only loves you for what you are; the Son of Poseidon, the "Chosen One". She doesn't know you like I do, most likely never will. I only say this for I won't have to face how angry you will be with me for saying that. I am truly sorry for everything that I have messed up, but I didn't want to leave without telling you that I , Annabeth Chase, had fallen in love with you since the day we met. Hope you and Rachel live the life I have always dreamed with you. Goodbye forever. Love, Annabeth Chase My mind blanked. My heart stopped. I jumped and ran out of the door, clutching the note to my chest as if it were my lifeline. In the early morning light I saw a lone figure sitting under Thalia's tree with long hair and a girlish figure. I ran towards it until I could see that it was her sitting with tears streaking down her face. I didn't know what to do in this situation, I had always had trouble with comforting girls when they cry, but dammit I was going to think of something. I came and sat beside her, she jumped and turned towards me mortified. Before she could say a word and before I would lose my courage I leaned in and kissed her. As soon as her lips touched mine I knew that it could never and has never been Rachel, it was always Annabeth. Annabeth's POV I let myself go one more time, giving in to the despair and heartache that had nested itself permanently in my chest. Silent tears flowed down my face as I pulled my legs up and crossed my arms so that they were resting on my knees, and leaned back against Thalia's tree. I didn't bother wiping my eyes, no point because no one was even up yet except for me. I couldn't believe everything that I had told Percy in my letter. I'm positive that I would never be able to do that in real life, but I would never get the chance for I knew that if I left I would never grace my eyes upon that green eyed boy I had fallen for. I jumped when someone sat down beside me. I felt my mouth open slightly at the fact that Percy Jackson was sitting beside me after everything I said in that letter. My heart came into my throat as dread crept into my chest. I didn't know what to say, but before I could conceive to form words his lips pressed against mine and I didn't remember what I was thinking. All of my thoughts were pushed aside as I concentrated on the way his hands wrapped around my waist and mine were intertwined around his neck. The kiss was soft until I felt his hunger and desire as it became more pressured and his tongue played with my bottom lip, asking for access. I opened my mouth ever so slightly and he deepened the kiss before laying me back on the grass with him on top of me. In one swift motion he rolled us over so that I was lying on top of him. I smiled against his lips reveling in the utter and total bliss of the moment. Everything was perfect. I should have known it would not last long. "Oh my god! Get off of my boyfriend you whore!" I felt someone shove me, and I know by that screeching who it was. She threw me off Percy where I tumbled a few feet before I was up on my feet fuming. "Percy I can't believe what a whore she is…" I couldn't stand it any longer I walked straight up to her and punched her square in the face hard enough to knock her back a few steps. She clutched at her nose, which was bleeding profusely, "I can't believe you just hit me you bitch!"