the western lands that I shall not harm her and that she will be safe this Sesshomaru wishes to invite you and yours to bunk here until her recovery should you accept tell the one you refer to as last Olympian and she shall escort you here through her flames. You are most welcome, This Sesshomaru Lord of the western lands' Artemis read the scroll over again before she looked at the cloud that just dissipated as well as the countenance of her Olympian peers rerolling the scroll she eyed Hestia whom nodded her ascent knowing just what it was Artemis was asking as well as sighing in relief she knew she could tell her father of the dog generals return but she had a feeling it would be known soon enough. This Sesshomaru she had a feeling that her uncle knew the young lord personally and was wondering if the young man could be counted on to care for Zoë but, something kept her from trying to ask exactly what she had no idea because; of that she would wait to get her aunt Hestia and uncle Poseidon by themselves before she inquired as too what they know about him. Hestia knew her niece was plotting to corner her and Poseidon she also knew that Zeus would have a conniption if he knew that Poseidon had a son who was not only a demi-god but, an inu-youkai as well things were happening and she had an inkling as to what was going on though she did not have the proof needed to bring it to the attention of Olympus and hoped her nephew could handle it until the gods figured it out. Walking away artemis had to think about what happened and this Sesshomaru character she knew he currently had her lieutenant in his custody healing her his letter was confirmed by her aunt but, she couldn't help wondering if at some point would Zoë falter in her oath or maybe if she should try and learn more of the positives of the male gender as there seem to be a few real gentlemen these millennia. She was once again brought forth from her thoughts by the gentle hand of her aunt Hestia and turned to her with a smile as they now stood in a forest clearing not too far from her hunters and wondered just whom they were waiting for but, she went back to her thoughts of just who this Sesshomaru was and if he was a part of the Grecian Parthenon. Hestia knew who Sesshomaru was she knew his lineage and as her nephew had asked she kept it a secret on his request but, she did send him to rescue any demi-gods that had yet to be claimed or that were claimed and had trouble making it to the camp that or saving young demi-goddesses from a life of misery by their male guardians by giving them a three-way choice. The first choice was they'd go to camp half-blood. The second choice for the demi-goddesses was they'd be taken to artemis and the hunt. The final choice for both demi-god and demi-goddess was they return to the western lands with him and become part of his own group similar to the hunt but, the only difference is that they accepted both genders with open arms and that contrary to Artemis belief it isn't just men that are heart breakers and abusers but women as well. ~Flashback Ends~ Now here she stood with her aunt waiting on Sesshomaru to arrive it has been nearly a year since then a year since she'd last seen Zoë after giving her and Sesshomaru permission to court even if she didn't think it would be necessary but, Artemis had to wonder when was the last time she'd seen Zoë as happy as she was when they arrived in the western lands and subsequently her lieutenant. Hestia's words rang true when she saw a bright ball of light descend into the clearing causing them to shield their eyes when the light cleared it showed three people not two but three two of which she recognized as Sesshomaru and the other she knew well Zoë. It was figuring out who the young one in Zoë arm was though, she could see the resemblance to both Zoë and Sesshomaru making her wonder if the young one was theirs it wasn't until her aunt spoke did she realize that is exactly who that was. "She shares a canny resemblance to the both of you may I hold little Amelia," she asked? Hearing the sound of approaching arrows Sesshomaru acted slicing them to pieces with his whip of light his eyes red with green slits for pupils his youki causing the entire hunt to fall to their knees while he walked in front of his mate and daughter drawing tokijin just as the remaining Olympians flashed onto the scene he spoke. "You would dare attack the mate and pup of this Sesshomaru for this you shall die vermin." He said, while raising tokijin above their heads preparing to swing his arm was caught by his mate as she spoke. "Sesshomaru my sisters are not for you to punish but, their mistress kagome is fine let this go please we have company lets greet our guest first" she said, turning to the new arrivals and her sisters her voice taking a more sinister tone than her husbands. "Fire another arrow at my daughter and Sesshomaru will be the least of your worries phoebe if you're wondering how I am still a hunter without having my maidenhood then ask milady she gave me permission to give my maidenhood to the one who repaired my heart try that again and you'll find out why he is called the killing perfection" she said, while turning to look at the gods with her husband looking over his shoulder as he replied. "well what does the Olympian…... To Be Continued….