out in baby speak as he peeked around her leg at the pregnant male. "Yes, dear, he's gonna be fine." She reassured him by scooping him up in her arms. She nuzzled his cheek before returning her attention to the couple. Will was hooking Nico up to an IV feed, the latter male looking none too pleased. "You need the fluids since you haven't been able to keep anything down." The blonde explained as his lover glared up at him. Lou Ellen took a seat on the cot next to Nico's bed, son in her lap. The infirmary was empty that day and was pretty peaceful, despite the strong hospital scent that always inhabited it. "I thought I'd find you here, Lou," Connor's voice came from the doorway. A mischievous grin adorned his face as he came in and stretched out on one of the beds. "What's up Connor?" Will greeted cheerfully. "Nothing much, the usual pranks," Connor shrugged. "And you Ghost Boy? How are you doing?" "I'm fi-ah!" Nico let out a sharp gasp and sat up straight. His hands flew to his round belly and he let out another pained gasp. "Nico? What's wrong?" Immediately Will was hovering over him, hands and eyes scanning for any injuries. Nico patted the blankets between his legs; it was soaked. "Oh my gods, he's going into labour." Lou Ellen whispered in shock. "What?! He still has three more weeks!" Will panicked for a moment. Lou Ellen shoved her son into Connor's arms and commanded them to leave. Connor ran like the wind. The son of Apollo was still in a panic, running from cabinet to cabinet trying to gather necessary materials, but was too frenzied to remember which contained what. "Stop." Lou Ellen wove magic into her voice and instantly the male froze. "Calm down." Will's shoulders loosened and his eyes cleared of panic. She walked to Nico's side, who was crying and panting at this point, and took hold of his hand. "You can do this, Nico. I believe in you." Again, she wove magic into her words and she watched as his eyes glazed over. He nodded weakly at her. She commanded Will to go into medic mode and take over. It took the combined magic of six demigods to keep Nico from slipping away from them before he had given birth. Connor had been iris messaged to gather any other children of Apollo he could find to help. Twice Nico had slipped into a short coma and it took Lou Ellen all her willpower not break down crying. She felt so much guilt well up inside her and she blamed herself for putting the son of Hades through this. Perhaps this was the universe's way of getting back at her for messing with the natural order of things. After a gruelling five hours, Will had managed to successfully deliver his child. But that didn't mean the danger was all gone. Nico was slipping away slowly and the child did not cry; all the helping demigods worked to get a response. Intensive care was needed and Lou Ellen cursed the world for their infirmary not having the necessary equipment. "Will, we need your father's help." Lou Ellen pleaded with the male. "But how can I possibly get him to help me?" His eyes were filled with tears. "Why wouldn't I help?" A new voice startled them all and they whipped their heads around to find Apollo himself, a smile on his face. "This is my grandchild, after all." "I, too, shall not abandon my son in a time of need." A deep voice resounded through the space and Lord Hades melted into the room from the shadows. It took only a matter of minutes to get the situation under control. Despite their exhaustion, they all had grins on their faces. Lou Ellen watched from afar as Will handed the wailing child to Nico. The raven haired boy's eyes glistened with emotion and he laughed breathlessly. The daughter of Hecate turned to leave the room and gave the couple a moment of privacy. "Come in!" Nico called. Lou Ellen pushed the door open to find a group of people crowding the room. The son of Hades himself was situated in a rocking chair, Hazel by his side. She cooed at the child in his arms. With careful steps, she made her way to them. She peeked into the bundle in Nico's arms and he pulled the blankets down to give her a full view of a newborn baby girl. "She's beautiful," Lou Ellen said smiling. "Looks like you. A lot like you." And it was true. The girl had every feature that Nico had, from the curly black hair to the pale skin, and the only thing that she had inherited from Will was a blue shade to her eyes. Maybe her personality would be more like Will's than Nico's. "Doesn't she?" Nico grinned like a proud mother. The rest of the afternoon had people coming in and out of the room to catch a glimpse of the miracle child. It wasn't until evening that Lou Ellen was the last one in the room along with the newly blessed couple. "Thank you, Lou Ellen." Nico said with so much sincerity that her breath hitched. "We never would have known what this would feel like if it weren't for you." "And as a thank you, we'd like to ask you to be our daughter's godmother." Will stated, a gleam of happiness in his eyes. Lou Ellen let out a squeal of joy and hugged the son of Apollo. "Yes! Gladly!" She agreed quickly. "But I have to ask, what did you name her?" The two males exchanged a glance before Nico responded tenderly, "Bianca Maria Solace." A/N: And there you have it my lovelies. A gift from me to you to celebrate a shitty last day of school! Summer break means more stories coming right up~! Please be kind and review!