curled up into a ball and let the tears come. "Annabeth?" I felt Thalia's arm around me, supporting my shaking shoulders as I buried my face in my hands and sobbed my heart out. "I just-I just didn't want to be hurt anymore. I thought if I stayed away from him, it would lessen the chance of that." I heard Thalia sigh, and then sit down on the porch swing beside me. "Annabeth, I don't know anything about love. I've never, nor will I ever, experience it. But I know this: for anything to work, you have to take a risk. Because that's life. And yes, you'll get hurt. Not once, but many times. And yes, you'll get the bad moments, the times when nothing goes right. But not every moment is like that. There are the good times, the times you spent with Percy, with me, with everyone who cares about you. And you know what?" I looked up, wiping the tears away. "What?" She smiled. "The trick is to notice them when they come around." Thalia was right. Percy had never hurt me like Luke did. He had never left me, or abandoned me when I needed him. Every bad moment, every time I was stressed, or sad, or depressed, he could cheer me up no matter what. He knew me like no one else. Even when I had hurt him so badly last summer, he still stayed by my side as my best friend, being the shoulder I needed to lean on. And in that moment, all the pieces of the puzzle fell into places, and the answer clicked, simple as that. I love Percy. And to be honest, that was all I needed to know. Thalia squeezed my hand and stood up. "I guess it's a no, then?" she grinned, eyes sparkling. I grinned back at her. "A definite no, Thals." "I think you don't need my services anymore," Thalia said, giving me a last wink before walking back into the house. I leaned on the railing, looking out at New York, bustling and busy. New York would always be my home. It was the place I had experienced love, and bravery, and friendship. It was the place with the good times and bad times, the moments that made me who I was today. "Annabeth?" Percy's voice was anxious but hopeful, and I turned around to find him walking towards me. "Hey-" I started, but he cut me off, coming so close to me that I had to back up into the railing. His eyes locked with mine-green into grey. "Why didn't you join the Hunt?" he asked me, and this time, I knew what my answer would be. "Because I love you, Seaweed Brain." His hands cupped my face, soft and gentle as he leaned in and kissed me. My hands moved of their own accord, one tangling in his raven hair, the other curling around the back of his neck, pulling him to me. He still smelled like the sea and the ocean breeze, his lips soft and sweet like they always were. I missed this, I realized. I missed kissing him, and being his girlfriend. And I would never make that mistake again. "Well, FINALLY!" I heard applause and wolf-whistles, and quickly pulled away, blushing. Percy pulled my face to his, planting a soft, feather-light kiss on my lips, before wrapping his arm around my waist. "Get a room!" I heard Nico shout through the din the crowd was making: specifically the Aphrodite girls. "Percabeth is like, the greatest couple, like EVER!" I heard one gush to her friend. "Better than Romeo and Juliet!" Honestly, people. This is my life, not some sappy romance film. Although, admittedly I did like the Leonardo DiCaprio version. "Real mature, Nico!" I heard Thalia snicker. "It's not our fault you have no one to make out with!" I laughed as Nico shot Thalia a (not literally) death glare. I was glad he toned it down. He had the same look his father Hades did-intense and scary. Percy pressed his face into my hair, planting a kiss on the top of my head as he whispered three words to me. "I love you." *Percy POV* I love you, Seaweed Brain. I didn't need the whys, or the hows, or whens. All I needed to know was that she loved me, and I could live with that. And now I did. Annabeth's grey eyes were filled with tears as I leant down and kissed her. I forgot everything else the moment my lips were on hers. She was the only thing that existed; the only thing I knew in that moment. The feel of her silky blonde hair under my fingers; my arm wrapped around her slim waist, pressing her to me, and her soft lips on mine. I wasn't aware of the applause, or the whistles, or the audience we had. All I knew, all I wanted was her. Annabeth. She pulled away first, before I pulled her face back to mine, and pressed a light kiss to her lips, fitting her mouth to mine. She rested her head on my chest, as I wrapped my arm around her. I didn't hear the comments, the laughter or the teasing. I didn't care what the rest of the world thought. Because the girl I loved, the girl I had fought for in nearly a year, was now mine again. And I would never let her go again. So, I hoped this chapter was better than the previous one! I hope you guys understood why they broke up now. Annabeth was still scarred from Luke betraying her, but Thalia's speech made her realise what we all did in the first book: they belonged together. ;) I knew I said I would put it up at the end of the week, but surprisingly I managed to finish it today! So, twenty reviews till the next chapter is up? Till next time!