the walls. It made him feel uneasy, not that he wasn't before. This time, however, it was stronger. With every step, his body grew more and more insistent that he turn around and leave this place, leave it to its own devices. The candles seemed to grow darker, and the shadows almost looked like…images, figures reaching out at him. Dread built up in him, and he started to have trouble breathing. He felt something, something unusual, something powerful. It almost felt like it was right behind him, about to strike. His shoulders tensed, and he came to a stop, casting his senses around him. For a few seconds nothing, but then there was a small swish as if some fabric had rubbed against rough stone. He whirled around. Nothing. But instead of relaxing him, the sight only heightened his paranoia. The sound of a scream snapped him out of his revere. The feeling went away, replaced by a sense of urgency. With a clear direction in mind, he ran as fast as he could in the direction of the sounds that now seemed to be unending. Cries of "Please, no!" and "Let him go!" guided him as he chased down what was most likely the source of his mission. They grew clearer, more distinct, until he rounded a corner and saw a sign above two wooden doors reading 'Gym.' He smiled to himself. Of course it was. Without even bothering to open them, Percy dropped his shoulder and burst through. And that was when his day got even worse. Hurtling away from him, two scared children clutched in his bare, muscled arms, was a large man. Percy couldn't get a good look at his face, as it was turned away, but the man's back was uncovered and very hairy. He towered over the mortals who stood frozen in horror as he escaped. Some were crying out in terror, others yanking at the doors that wouldn't open, and still others hiding under the bleachers, begging for mercy. The satyr that had met him was nowhere to be found, but Percy spotted what looked like a rough club and some old pair of Nikes lying scattered in the middle of the gym. He clenched his fist, and without another thought set out after his prey. The man didn't seem keen on fighting Percy however. Percy followed him as he tore through the woods, pushing himself as hard as he could to keep up. Whenever he lost the track, as hard as that was to do, the screams of his targets kept him on track until the trees started to thin, and the ground began to slope down. Soon after that, the screams began to slow down, and Percy took the time to hide behind one of the last trees before the ground softened and lead to what seemed to be…a beach? Why on earth would his enemy lead him here, where he was strongest? Didn't he know who Percy was? Something didn't add up, and Percy wasn't going to reveal himself until he knew what that was. So he watched as the man threw the children down at his feet, and waited. He kept waiting, staring almost exactly at the spot that Percy was hiding in. He didn't move for what seemed like hours, and Percy was running out of patience. He was just about to step out and confront him, when finally, he began to talk. "I have brought them here, at your request. Let us talk about my reward already" said a rather surprisingly mild voice for his size. A voice that seemed to reverberate in Percy's mind replied, saying "I see that, but your task is not yet complete." Percy frowned. He didn't like where this was headed. "There is one more thing you must do," claimed the voice, "someone has followed you. He will put these children in jeopardy. Kill him first, and then you will have your… reward ." The man snarled in Percy's direction. "Who's there?" he growled, and Percy decided this was the perfect time to reveal himself. "No one much," he remarked as he pushed himself to his feet, "just the guy who's gonna whoop your ass." The man didn't seem fazed at all. He gave a gruff laugh and bared his teeth. "Bold words, boy. But no one has been able to kill me for centuries, least of all the likes of you !" Percy unsheathed his sword and pointed it at the man. "Oh yeah?" he said, "then you're long overdue." And with that he charged. So this is the start of what i hope to be a pretty epic story. Basically the idea is that Percy has to face eight assassins while also protecting a demigod who is pretty special to the mythological world. I hope you all enjoy this because i plane to work really hard on it. If you didn't know, as a lot may not, this story is inspired by Batman Arkham Origins, where Batman faces eight assassins as well. I thought it would be cool to do something similar for Percy, and so this was created. And i will do my best to actually finish it (I'm horrible at doing that.) So yeah. I don't have a very clear idea of the story, so if you want, feel free to send in suggestions. I have created two of the assassins, but the rest are still a mystery and so is the bulk of the story. Any input will be appreciated and acknowledged. That's all. See you in the next chapter! And feel free to review if you want. Knowing what I did good, and what i could work on certainly helps. Note: I updated this chapter because i wasn't fully satisfied with the writing. Plus in the next chapter i changed the order of events a little, and so this didn't make sense. But it's all good now, and i hope to upload the next chapter soon