on the island, was holding the devil, and she was helping build it. Her mother's insistence that she visit the cave just added more to her paranoia. Later, when she and her mother visited the mining cave, Hazel caused an explosion that almost killed her and her mother. She tried to justify it, saying it was to kill the devil, but her mother knew she was crazy. After several different therapists, she was sent to New York to go to Tumblr Institute. And after meeting Percy Jackson, she was happy she was crazy. (Because, she wouldn't have met the people she did, if she was sane.) Well first, she met Jason, who introduced her to the rest of his friends, including Percy and Frank. And as did everyone else, she got a Greek story like the rest of them. Jason Grace was a volunteer. Not crazy, not at all. He was actually just volunteering for the college credits. He was a bit late in the volunteering season, so all that was left for him was the mental hospital. But he was glad he took the job. He found his sister, the one he was separated from, because he got adopted. (And he found some great friends.) He met Annabeth first, since they both volunteered there. She was smart, and level-headed, and volunteering for the same reason he was. And they found the best people there. Percy Jackson and him had a pretty close bromance, and Piper was simply beautiful. Hazel and Frank were great people, and Leo was like a best friend to him. (He even declared Nico di Angelo to be his little brother.) To Percy Jackson, he was a hero. (Not as big of a hero as Percy though. Sorta like the Roman version of Percy.) Jason was pretty honored to have a leading role in Percy's delusions. And he liked his role. The Praetor of the Romans, defeater of the Titan Othrys. Reyna Ramirez-Arellano, starred as Praetor alongside him. She was a volunteer, like him. They practically grew up together, neighbors from a young age. So she volunteered alongside him, and was not prepared to meet the patients in the Riordan ward. ( Well no one is really prepared to meet the Riordan patients.) She did become very good friends with Annabeth, Nico, and Frank. But she did enjoy the other patients' company as well. They all had different shifts at the Institute, but they all met up on Saturday afternoons at the Riordan ward to just talk to their friends. And then war happened. (Well actually, it was a renovation. But to the batch of crazy kids, it was war.) War against the Earth Mother, Gaea exact. Percy would talk for hours about the small details of the fight, and the big boat they were travelling on. Argo II, he called it. And he spoke about how they traveled to Rome, and then to Greece. Nico was unhappy to have to go through Tartarus, so to make him feel better, Percy threw himself, and Annabeth into the pit too. (Thalia and Grover were miffed they didn't have big parts in this particular war, but Percy refused to give them bigger roles.) He spoke about Cupid, and Nico and Jason's meeting him. Nico just blushed and looked down, while the patients assured him his sexuality was alright. (But Nico did protest about how he was supposed to have a crush on Percy. He had a different crush, on a different volunteer. A volunteer with a very sunny disposition.) And then Percy with a sly smile, described how said volunteer took very good care Nico after the war. (By the way, the volunteer's name was Will Solace. And he did like Nico di Angelo very much.) But of course, there was more to talk about. Like how Frank took over praetorship from Jason, and how Nico, Reyna, and Hedge returned the Athena Parthenos to Greece. (Hedge was one of the workers in the institute who was helping renovate the place. He was honored to have a place in Percy's story.) And Percy told them about how Leo died, but came back to life, and flew off to find his girlfriend Calypso. (Percy liked Calypso very much. Mostly because her name was in Greek mythology.) She liked him too, but she did like Leo Valdez much more. And Percy then announced that they lived a happy every after, and moved to New Rome to live a life. When asked why he decided to end his Greek stories, by Dr. Riordan, he said that he wanted to live his happy ending. And he did end up living his happy ending. Slowly after years of therapy, the patients were able to leave, being declared sane again. Percy was the last to leave, and Piper was the first. After a space of five years, they were all studying and living in NYC, keeping tabs on each other, and meeting up on Saturday afternoons. Percy's stories saved kids, and healed them. He made an entire gaggle of insane teenagers, sane again. Dr. Riordan was impressed, honestly. A child made them mentally healthy again. It wasn't the therapy and counseling sessions they were required to attend. It was just him. And so he compiled all of his notes on Percy Jackson's hallucinations, and decided to write them up into a book. A series of books. It didn't take that long, and soon enough, everyone was reading Percy Jackson's story. He called the series Percy Jackson and the Olympians. He then published another series, called Heroes of Olympus. . Fin A/N: Wow, this took me a long time to write. I'm not that happy with the ending, but you can't have everything. Based on a Tumblr post I saw once, saying that the series was based on a mental hospital patient's delusions. And the patient's name was Percy Jackson. Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians, Heroes of Olympus, Tumblr, or Rick Riordan.