all. Which took as hours. After that it took us even more hours to hang them all up. I met the gallery owner, which looked like a strange hippy guy, but didn't gave it much thought. He was really happy I came as fast as possible, and really liked my style. Only the fact that almost every picture was sea themed, or with something very blue on it. I think he had way too much blue for one day. All of the rest of the day went in haze. I was so concerned in hanging the properly, I didn't notice Calypso poking me on my shoulder. I looked at her questionably. "He's looking at you from hours, now." "Who?" I didn't have single idea what is she talking about. "What do you mean, who? The strange all-black clothed guy, hiding in the dark corners of the gallery. He's been watching you since we came." I still didn't have idea what was she talking about, so after she notice my confused face she continued. "Okay, look at the corner in your right. Behind you." She said without looking at the said direction. Turning around I saw him. Pale guy, maybe on my age, with dark wavy hair, and dark clothes. He looked so depressed, and dark. Something that didn't concern me, so I turned back to Calypso. "Creepy." I breathed out and continued to place the paining on the right angle. That said guy was actually everywhere. And by everywhere I mean only in the gallery. Every single minute that I was in the gallery, he was there in some corner, watching me suspiciously. Even when we opened the gallery with mister di Angelo, he was there – by his side. In a well-tailored suit, looking now more like a man, then the depressed person from the corners of the gallery. "This is my son Percy." The owner said unexpectedly, after I was watching at the other guy with suspicious look. He was pointing at his left, exactly at that guy. Well that was unexpected, I tough he was someone who worked in the place. Maybe cleaning the floor. But he was just some rich kid, as the others. The problem now was that even when he looked like some emo, he was cute from up close. "Uh-huh" I said, not sure what else to say. Then it occurred to me maybe I should introduce myself. "Nice to meet you." I gave my hand. "My name is Percy Jackson." And the other guy took it in his, and said: "Nico di Angelo." Nothing else. Why was I expecting more? And why was I so disappointed? "He's a little bit older then you." Hades said, when he noticed the awkward atmosphere. Well that was unexpected. As the following week. It was also unexpected, because some of my paintings actually get sold. So I got the money, and bought the paint I which I needed. In the end of the second week of my exhibition, I had enough money to survive for 3 maybe 4 months, and even have some vacation. And it was the last week that my paintings would stay in the gallery. The second unexpected thing that happen, was that Nico was very nice guy. And good company. I didn't know him much for two weeks, but what I knew was enough to make me trust him a lot. The others didn't trusted him. Annabeth especially. I thought after she knows his father she would like him the best, but I was wrong. Well at least she was happy I finished the portraits and they were sold too. On the day in which mister di Angelo closed the gallery and I had to get the rest of my paintings, happened the third unexpected thing. I was all alone, and it was late at night. I was trying to get one by one every painting into Calypso's car, which I borrowed. And then came Nico, and I was thinking he was going to help, but he didn't. He stayed near me, and was just watching me. I smiled at him. "Hey." I greeted the guy. "You're leaving the gallery? "Yes, your father is going to show someone else's paintings next week." "Pity." He said, and I laughed at this. "Yeah, I don't know when will be next time I can show my paintings and earn some money." "Can you come with me for a second?" "Of course." He took me through the gallery, which was like labyrinth and we went into the staff room. Then there into another room, some stairs going down, and then another room. After he turned the lights on, I looked around the room confused, and then I saw half of my sold paintings. "I'm sorry." He started, and I was so confused. "What?" "I'm sorry, I couldn't hold myself, and bought so much of them. "Oh." I didn't know if I should be angry or not. Thinking all week that maybe I'm getting famous, and half of my paintings were in some dirty and rusty basement. "I'm sorry." He said again. I couldn't say it was no problem, because it was kind of a problem, just earning money like that. After I didn't gave him any answer he turned to me, and cornered me near the door. "Actually, no. I'm not sorry. I'm very happy with what a got." He said everything in a breath, and continued to get close to me. "And I want more." Nico turned off the light, and what happened next was the most unexpected thing from maybe years until now. I felt him over, me, his lips, his body, his warmth. Everything. And it felt like a normal thing. And I forgot about everything else. I'll do 30 days random Percico prompts. This one is very boring, because I wasn't very much into it. Also the words I'm using for every one of the days are from a Ranodm Word Generator.