Had she sharpened its edges while he slept? He couldn't even care about dulling his sword's edge. Not now. "It helps," he said. He was still hungry and he could feel dehydration crawling up his limbs like a kid up a dry waterslide, but the sleep had done some good. "You need to rest," he said. It must have been true because she didn't even argue, just handed him Riptide. The monster bones creaked as the weight inside the skull shifted. With a lot of twisting and painful contortions, they managed to switch positions. Annabeth managed squeezed into a fetal position on her side, and Percy could almost sit up straight. It was so hard, so hard , to be quiet while Tartarus clawed away at his will. The dream had renewed him—sort of—but that wouldn't last forever. His skin crawled. His joints itched. He wanted to stretch his legs, swing his arms. Percy kept his hand on Riptide and his ears open, but even that felt like he was giving this place a way into his soul. It wanted in. Tartarus wanted to find the fissures in his being and pry open a way inside, like water seeping into cracks in the road so that it could make potholes when it turned to ice. He tried to focus on Annabeth's breathing, on the distant sounds of monsters searching the sands for food, but he couldn't help going back to his dream. Poseidon had been upset about the prophecy, but not in any of the right places. But his dad hadn't known him that well back then. But he didn't know him that much better now. And what did Bessie have to do with any of it? He knew that some of this was Tartarus pushing his mind around like a stale burger bun on an air hockey table. Percy tried to shake it off. His dad cared about him. He went over the times they'd talked in his head. His dad cared about him. His dad had claimed him even though he'd known it would get him in trouble. His dad had trusted him to look out for Tyson. His dad had wanted him to be a god. Annabeth's fingers loosened, and Percy finally noticed what she had in her hands. Some of this monster's teeth were almost the same shape as a good knife. He turned it over in his hands, nearly slicing open a thumb. She'd been sharpening it, but only the lower edge. He hadn't been asleep long, then. Percy counted to a hundred breaths and then a hundred more and he'd lost count of how many times he'd done it. Eventually, Annabeth stirred, one hand going to her face. "Message?" he asked. Words had gotten hard again. "No, but I figured something out." Annabeth licked her cracked lips and opened her hand, showing him one last scrap of Arachne's silk. . . . At first, he thought it was a miracle that they made it back. Then he realized that the miracle was that none of the scavengers had tracked them. Every chunk that they'd combed out and left behind left little pits in the sand where all the grains tried to shuffle away. They cast shadows. But there it was, shining like something pure, scarred only by a single neat cut near the edge. Arachne didn't like to rip up her work, not even when it had gotten her dragged into Tartarus. Annabeth knelt down, touching the spider trap gingerly. "Athena couldn't find the Parthanos because Arachne hid it," she said. "She hid us too." When Percy had woken up after his fall, Arachne hadn't had a scrap of that stuff on her. Maybe it was true that spiders didn't get stuck in their own webs. Once she'd busted out of the spidercuffs, she'd had no shield, but Percy and Annabeth had been covered in 700-threadcount spinneret snot for the first few hours. "We need to get to the Doors, and it would be a lot easier to sneak there than fight," said Annabeth. She waved him over and he held up Riptide for her to see by as she judged where to cut with her makeshift dagger. This place hadn't gotten any less unnerving. If there had ever been an opening to the sky, it was closed up now. The only way Percy was sure they were in the right place was by the seven and a half exoskeletal limbs that reached up toward nothing like the twigs of a dead tree. They'd lost a day of time and strength, and they were right back where they started. "I'll look for your knife," he said. "Your laptop." Seven words. Killer. She shook her head. "They're gone," she said, sounding sure. "Don't go." Then he moved until he was touching her, just barely. He sat down, did what she told him, but her hands were cleverer than his. There were no needles, so they tied knots to keep the cords from unraveling. Eventually, Annabeth pulled a loose, sleeveless poncho over her head, covering up Rome as if she'd never been there. She took two of the leftover sections and tied one tight around what was left of her splint and the other around her good ankle. Percy smiled. That might keep the dust out, kind of like tucking your pants into your socks to keep out deer ticks the way no one actually ever did. Then she handed him the other one. "It's not even my size." "Just put it on—" she stopped short, as if pushing the words out. "Seaweed Brain." Smiling felt weird on his face, but he did it. The cloth didn't feel right, not even through his clothes, but then nothing else did either. "Now what?" he asked as Annabeth knotted the last threads into a coil and slung them over her shoulder. She licked her cracked lips. "Now we find something that can still talk." . . . drf24