that he nearly missed the movement out of the corner of his eye. He stopped dead, immediately on high alert as his gaze zeroed in on that flicker of movement in the corner of his vision. He didn't hear the telltale cackle of the crows, so he could only assume the worst as he strained his hears to pick up some sort of hint on what he could be up against. Eventually growing to suspect dogs, he raised his baseball bat high in the air, white-knuckling his grip as he slowly turned around…to see a teenaged boy. In that moment, for the first time since the apocalypse had begun, Frank well and truly felt like he was in a horror movie, and he swallowed hard and backed up a few paces as his eyes trained on the young man standing in front of the hospital to Frank's right, watching him with a sort of detached surprise. Frank was pretty sure that the guy hadn't been there two seconds earlier, and the skin on his arms and the back of his neck began to prickle, the temperature suddenly plummeting to the point where it was almost chilly. Almost. The boy couldn't've been more than Frank's age, maybe a little younger, but that made him no less unnerving, considering how he'd no doubt come from the abandoned hospital behind him. Frank hadn't heard the door opening, though, and just assumed he'd been too preoccupied to notice. "Hello?" Frank called out softly, and even though his voice was quiet it still echoed through the abandoned streets, its volume magnified to the point where he might as well have been shouting. The boy didn't reply, studying Frank with sunken green eyes, and the survivor was sufficiently freaked out at that point. He checked the sign on the hospital to make sure it wasn't a mental hospital, and felt slightly reassured when the faded letters above the door declared that it was a hospital for sick patients rather than a loony bin, though he was still on high alert in case this guy was still contagious. He tried again, "Hello?" The teenager once again didn't respond, his thin, pale fingers clutching the IV pole he had with him. Frank wished he could muster up the courage to go over, to ask what was wrong, but fear froze him in place, leaving him locked in a stare down with this mystery teen. Frank then realized that this boy was clearly unarmed, unless he'd somehow managed to conceal a weapon in the skimpy hospital gown he wore, and he hefted his baseball bat over his shoulder, trying to seem macho as he strolled over to where the guy was standing on the ramp of the hospital. "Are you alright?" Frank asked, and finally received his answer; a head shake. "What's the matter?" The boy just stared at him balefully, his eyes looking like shards from the windows of the Old Dutch Church, and Frank shouldn't've expected the cooperation to last. Frank sighed heavily as he plopped his ass down next to the teenager, his irritation simmering beneath the surface, though he almost immediately regretted sitting down when he realized that he could see right up the dude's hospital gown. He didn't want to see what surprise he'd get when this guy turned around. Still, frank had just found perhaps one of the last people alive, and he sure as hell wasn't going to give him up so easily. The boy eventually lowered himself onto the ground next to Frank, and the survivor noticed just how badly his bare feet were cut up. He must've walked on broken glass or something. Frank didn't like to be nosy, but he really had no choice with this teen, who was unwilling to work with him. "Can I see your bracelet?" he asked, and the patient nodded extending the wrist that had the hospital band around it. Frank was surprised to find that the only think printed on his bracelet was a first name: Perseus. No surname. No date of birth. No date of admission into the hospital. He was simply "Perseus". Perseus watched Frank tamely as he looked all over the bracelet, even going as far to take it off and turn it around, and yet there was no more information on this guy. He was even more of a mystery than he had been before. Frank finally gave up and reattached the bracelet, in case Perseus would be offended if he just tossed it to the side, and sat back, looking the black-haired boy up and down. Finally, after a long period of silence, Frank extended his hand, trying for a winning smile. "It's nice to meet you, Perseus," he told the patient. "I'm Frank." Perseus gave Frank a wary once-over before gingerly taking his hand and shaking it. The teen's hand felt like glass in Frank's, his skin somehow cold in the blistering weather, and he tried not to show how eager he was to release it. "How long have you been in that hospital?" he asked, even though he knew that the attempt would be fruitless, and was rewarded for his efforts by a scrutinizing stare. "Well, before we're on our way I want to know if you have any, I don't know, sicknesses that may or may not affect me." Frank told him, gesturing to the IV pole and the hospital gown. "I'm not gonna leave you I just want to know what I'm dealing with." Percy gave Frank another long look before he extended the arm with the IV needle in it. There was a black handprint on his wrist. Frank's mouth went dry. "I'm in way over my head," he murmured. -Ω- (A/N) Hello, everyone. I'm Iwovepizza and I'm proud to present to you the first chapter of We All Fall Down. Please don't forget to follow/favorite and leave a comment so I know how I can improve! This is also available on AO3