normal brute, but the Celestial Bronze glanced off of the scaly armor with a metallic clang. The serpent charged towards him, its body undulating as it propelled itself forwards at impossible speeds, and once again tossed Percy into the air. The demigod wondered why it hadn't eaten him yet. It'd had plenty of good opportunities, but yet it continued to just throw Percy into the air over and over again. Percy realized with a jolt that it was playing with him. No, not in the cutesy way; he was playing with Percy like a cat would do before it had the little mouse for its dinner. Whenever Percy tried to get away, tried to get back to shore where his friends were frantically loading fiery crossbows and catapults, there was the sea serpent, herding him out to sea. Any wave that he could've summoned had abandoned him, and he felt his powers working, but the water just wouldn't respond. There was a bigger presence there. A stronger alpha. The sea serpent continued to toy with Percy for what felt like hours, and the son of Poseidon's heart sank whenever the fiery arrows and hunks of coal set alight pinged off of the monster's scales and fell uselessly into the water with dejected plops. The sea serpent ignored them almost dutifully, too concentrated on trying to see how high it could whip Percy into the air, and the current record was about fifty yards, much to Percy's horror. The demigod was getting dizzy with all of the manhandling he was being subjected to, and then with a jolt it suddenly came to him; this was the "problem" that Poseidon had been handling, the problem that had prevented him from giving Percy a birthday salutation in person. His stomach dropped like a leaden ball, but it wasn't because he was careening back to the ocean surface after a particularly hard toss on the serpent's part; it was because it meant that Poseidon had been overcome by the serpent. It was really the only explanation as to why his dad wasn't here kicking the serpent's butt. He felt like he was going to go unconscious with the realization. This thing was powerful enough to defeat gods and he was going up against it alone. Nobody was going to rescue him. He was just raising his sword in a weak attempt to defend himself when suddenly a horrifyingly familiar voice rang out loud and clear, "Down, Oceanus!" The sea serpent halted almost immediately, curling its body around Percy almost lazily as its head turned towards the source of the sound. And there, standing on a small raft that had appeared out of nowhere, was Polybotes. Percy blinked and suddenly the giant was lounging in the pace in between Oceanus' eyes, and the sea serpent seemed totally cool with that as it lowered its head so Polybotes could come face to face with the son of his biggest rival. The rivulets of water that were still streaming from Oceanus' head immediately turned to poison as Polybotes touched it, and despite the fact that the beast seemed to be unaffected, its six eyes watched the poison warily as it dribbled into the water and began to cloud it like a terrible stain. Percy swallowed hard as the giant regarded him, his eyes glinting with something that was so much more terrible than malice, something so pure and dark that Percy couldn't even find the words to describe it. "What do you want, Polybotes?" Percy demanded, assuming a defensive position. It at least gave him the illusion of security, what with the giant serpentine body circling around him and the powerful giant that should be dead working in tandem with it. "I have a bone to pick with you, sea brat," Polybotes snarled, twirling a huge serrated dagger in his fingers. "No shit, Sherlock," Percy retorted, his tone trying for 'brave hero' but instead getting 'I'm-about-to-pee-my-pants-please-help'. "Get to the point." Polybotes let out a low growl, which was magnified by tenfold as Oceanus echoed it, the deep bass rumble of the sound making the water around Percy vibrate and ripple wildly. "Someone resurrected me specifically, but only because I may be the one who hates you the most," Polybotes replied smoothly, his voice like honey-coated poison. "This certain someone despises you more than anything, and therefore, using their all-encompassing power, teleported me back to the mortal world. I'm here to fulfill my promise from all those years ago." " I've followed your progress, son of Neptune," said Alcyoneus. "Your fight with Kronos? Well done. Gaea hates you above all others…except perhaps for that upstart Jason Grace. I'm sorry I can't kill you right away, but my brother wishes to keep you as a pet. He thinks it will be amusing when he destroys Neptune to have the god's favorite son on a leash…" " I will take you prisoner, Percy Jackson," Polybotes snarled. "I will torture you under the sea. Every day the water will heal you, and every day I will bring you closer to death." "What promise?" Percy scoffed, despite the fact that blood was roaring in his ears and his heart was slamming against his ribcage. That promise had plagued him in his dreams for months after the battle with him at Camp Jupiter had ended, and there was no way in hell that he could've ever forgotten it. "I don't think I have to spell it out for you," Polybotes replied softly, his voice sharp like a blade. He snapped his fingers and everything went black. -Ω- (A/N) Hello, everyone. I'm Iwovepizza and I've adopted this story 'Save Me' from Christmascookie26. It may not be the same as what you've read, since I went back and added stuff to make it a bit longer and more detailed. Just a note that this will take a very, very dark turn in the future. Hope you liked it! Don't forget to follow/favorite and review, please.