to her since she probably wants to know what's going on. You go this?" Jason nodded. Percy headed inside. Jason and Ben stood in silence. After a while Jason said, "I think you should talk to your parents. Try to spend some time with them, okay?" Ben rolled his eyes. "Sure, okay." "You know, I never really had parents. Jupiter is kind of busy all the time. As of right now, I've never even met him. Consider yourself lucky because not of lot of people, especially demigods, have parents." Ben grew quiet. "Yeah, I guess you're right." More silence. "Sorry about tying you and your friend up. And attacking you guys. And giving you a black eye. And locking two of your friends in the storage room." "Wait, you locked who in the storage room?!" Ben shrugged. "I don't know their names." Jason groaned. "Why don't you go work things out with Tess, okay? I'll try to find, who I'm guessing is, Hazel and Frank locked in the storage room." Luckily, Jason found Hazel and Frank. "FREEDOM!" Frank yelled. "Jason, what happened to you?" Hazel asked. "You look like you've been attacked by five year olds." "Long story. Are you guys okay?" Frank ran pass Jason once he saw that Annabeth and Piper brought food. Hazel laughed and said, "Thanks for freeing us." Then, she went to eat. The seven of them, minus Leo, sat at the table eating food. The kids were coloring and reading stories. A few were even taking a nap. Plus, Ben and Tess seemed to be friends again. Piper frowned at Jason. "They seriously gave you a black eye?" "Not my proudest moment," Jason admitted. "Least he wasn't unconscious," Percy muttered. Annabeth laughed. "Anyways," Jason said, changing the subject. "Where the heck is Leo? " Percy shrugged. "I checked all the rooms and he's not here." "He told me he was going to get games for the kids, but I bet he just ditched us," Annabeth said. Just then, Leo burst through the doors carrying a bunch of water balloons, squirt guns, and a baseball bat. "GUYS! THEY'RE PLANNING TO ATTACK YOU!" Jason and Percy glared at Leo. "You mean to tell me that you knew they were going to do this to us?" Jason asked. "If it already happened, then no," Leo said nervously. "Leo…" Percy warned. "Okay! Okay! I KNEW! And I left! But after spending all the money I stole from the kids, I realized that I shouldn't have left! I mean, someone could die! And by someone, I mean me, if I didn't come back." "You could have at least left a note," Jason said. Leo shrugged. "Well, it's all over now. I guess I'm off the hook." Percy snapped his fingers and the water balloons exploded all over Leo and the squirt guns started shooting him in the face. "GAH! PERCY- NO," Leo said running outside. "That was a bit much, don't you think?" Annabeth asked. "Nah," Percy said. Later that day, most of the kids were already home. A few were left and everyone was exhausted. Reyna said they would be out by four. It was six o'clock. Leo was asleep in the game room and some of the remaining kids drew random butterflies on his face. Hazel and Frank were coloring with one of the kids. Jason looked like he was dozing off and Piper had to keep telling him to stay awake. Percy and Annabeth were by the check in where Jason and Piper were sitting, waiting for the kids' parents to come. "Dude, wake up," Percy said, clapping his hands in front of Jason. Jason's eyes snapped open. "WHAT?!" He sighed. "Oh.." "We have five kids left," Piper said to Percy and Annabeth. Percy groaned. "They were supposed to be here, like, two hours ago." The little girl, who gave Piper a makeover, walked up to the counter. "Is my mom coming or not?" "Uh, I would assume so," Piper said. "I still think you need to work on your hair style," she said, walking away. Piper muttered, "Where's Leo's bat at?" "You should totally charmspeak her into a wall," Percy suggested. Annabeth hit him. "Percy!" "What?" he asked innocently. "Just a suggestion." Annabeth and Percy went on to entertain some kids. Fifteen minutes later, a few of the parents picked up their kids. Ben was the only one left. Frank and Hazel said their goodbyes; they didn't really need to help out anymore. Leo volunteered to go, but everyone yelled at him to stay after ditching them. So, he just fell asleep in the game room again. Percy and Annabeth were about to leave when the final parent came to pick up their kid. "I'm here for Ben." Ben walked up and gave his dad a small smile. "I'm sure he was good today, right?" the dad asked. This was it. The moment for Percy and Jason to tell the truth about everything. But instead, Jason said, "Yup." Ben looked shocked. Annabeth and Piper did too. "Isn't that right, Percy?" Jason asked. "Definitely," Percy said, nodding. "We all think Ben can definitely be a great leader one day," Jason said. "He was a great help." The dad smiled. "That's really great. Have a good night, guys." As they walked out, they heard Ben say to his dad, "Hey, how about a day where we hang out?" "You know, I think that would be great idea." Annabeth and Piper stared at Percy and Jason. "That's why you lied," Annabeth said after hearing the few lines from the son and dad. "I felt bad for him," Jason admitted. "He seemed like he needed to be on good terms with his dad." "Plus, I'm totally getting my revenge on Halloween," Percy said. "He better watch his back." "I'm ready to go home," Piper said. "Who's with me?" They all agreed and everyone left. Well, except for Leo who was left in the game room. Poor Leo. The end.