like I am dumb, everyone respects me and helps me with my academic problems or not. I repeat I've never been so happy. I feel… normal . I also have a group of incredible friends, who will never replace those that I have in the mythological world to which I also belong. But it feels good to feel like a mortal. However, I will not talk about them now, because I could say so many things that I would spend the day talking. Speaking of friends, I try to come to Camp Half-Blood, I can. The rest of The Seven, plus Nico and other friends had more luck, they all go to Colleges in New York or very close, or they simply live at Camp Half-Blod, "working" there. They can go out together, go for a drink, just hang out… And I'm in Ohio instead … About my favorite thing in the world, my Wise Girl, she is right now in some country that I do not remember the name, in a convention of architecture, weird right? The truth is that she is one of the best in her career, some big architectural firms already want to hire her. Don't ask me how she does it. Right now I just want Annabeth, I just want to kiss her. But lately, Annabeth has been a little distant, (And not only because thousands of kilometers separate us). Do not think badly of me, I do not think Annabeth is seeing another man, but the times I've gone to see her or she has come to see me, Annabeth has behaved differently. Not just her way to be, but in a subject that we both enjoy too. Yeah, I'm talking about sex. Since we did it for the first time nearly three years ago, we haven't stopped, not literally. I mean, when we want to do it, we do, and we usually want it a lot. But this is what she has changed, now Annabeth barely contacts me, I know she's probably very busy. She's in Harvard after all, but when I go to see her before we used to end up in bed, now with a little make-out there is enough. She has not even come to see me at a Football game, and I've gone to see her run. She does athletics. But well, going back to the topic of sex, do not think I am a depraved, I am simply telling the truth, my emotions regarding how Annabeth is behaving lately. I'm not saying that because we do not have sex something is going wrong, sex is the least, it's just that there is something ... different . We have been doing it for several years now, after all, what we've been through it seems natural to us, and it really is. There is nothing strange about sex, although it is true that there are things that I am afraid to try with Annabeth for fear that it annoys her. I really want to play the dominant role, but I never did it because I think it's not something that goes with Annabeth. Don't ask me why I want to do it, I just do. It can be said that I am well endowed and that I move well. I know what you are thinking, from when I think like this? I'm just pointing out the facts, I'm not flip-flopping. I don't want to be pretentious, but I'd say I'm pretty good. I don't know, I've only been with my Wise Girl, but I think I do pretty well. Again, I think . But well, what I wanted to say is that since Annabeth is not with me, a feeling of desire, of lust has begun to grow inside me. There are times when it seems that I am not the one who is thinking because I imagine things that I don't know if I had imagined them before. It's as if Aphrodite was passing me thoughts that do not correspond. If this is the reason, I'm going to go to Olympus and I'm going to put her against the wall and... Stop ! You see, this kind of things, I imagine any female with me, doing things that I have not done with Annabeth yet and that I would like to. To try to calm down after these… thoughts, I think I'm going to go swimming in the sea, the water always calms me down and helps me focus. And precisely the beach is the only place that Perseus should not go because it is the place where the sex goddess, was plotting to carry out the last phase of h er plan. Well, and here ends the first chapter. I hope you liked it and that spelling mistakes and changes in ls verb tenses have let you read the story and understand it. About the style of writing, it is something that I am testing, let's see how it evolves. It is a chapter that serves as an introduction, creating a basis for the next one or two chapters. If there is sufficient demand, I will do more chapters than the two I had planned. Before I finish I would like to have some words for Chester Bennington. I will not say much, everything that can be said already has been said. I'll just say: Chester Bennington, we will miss you. And this is it, if you liked it I hope you leave a review to let me know, and if you did not like it too. But I don't force you, so do what you want. See you in the next chapter, JayTzar out. Chester Bennington will be missed. Songs played during the writing process: Toxicity, by Sistem Of A Dawn. Lonely Day, by Sistem Of A Dawn. When I'm Gone, by Eminem. What I've Done, by Linkin Park. Fallen Angel, by Three Days Grace. Talking to Myself, by Linkin Park. Bleed it Out, by Linkin Park.