I was spinning out of control, because my thoughts kept getting less and less rational. I took a calming breath. "Piper? Are you there?" The Starbucks employee came out from a back room behind the bar, retying her green apron. "Yeah. Sorry." She said sheepishly. "I had to check on something." "Where is everyone? There are no workers in the shops, and no people in the terminal that I can see, in general. What's going on?" I demand. I didn't expect her to have any answers, and I felt a bit bad taking my frustration out on her. I heard Percy shift beside me. Piper swallowed and tried to tuck a stray strand of hair behind her ear, to no avail. She took two careful glances around, then leaned over the counter, closer to us. "I was just on the phone with my dad," she whispered, "He said he couldn't say much over telephone, but that I need to get out of here. Something is going on, and its not good." "What?" Percy asked. My heart started to beat faster. "I don't know." She said. "Apparently everyone got the call to not come in to work this morning. That's where all the workers are. As for the people…" She shrugged. "I just don't know." "Why are you telling us this? And how does your dad know what's going on?" I inquired. I didn't know this girl. For all I knew, she was trying to get a rise out of us. Or she was just crazy. "Well you're the only people I've seen all day. And if something really is going on, I want to tell people-warn them. At least that's what I hope others would do for me, if they knew what was up." She leaned against the counter. "And my dad works with the CDC." "The what?" Percy tilted his head. "Center for Disease Control." I replied, my palms starting to sweat. Percy swallowed. "So are we in quarantine or something? What the hell is on the go here? And why didn't you get a call?" He looked at Piper suspiciously. "I probably did." She said. "But I stayed at my boyfriends' last night, and forgot to charge my phone before I went." I nodded, slowly. "Well, whatever is going on, I strongly suggest we all get out of here. Now." I tied my ponytail tighter. I couldn't shake the feeling of uneasiness. The longer I focused on it, the more the feeling turned into a single word, repeating in my head- Escape! Piper untied her apron, and shut off the cash register. Then she disappeared into the back room. "So what are you thinking?" Percy looked at me, and ran a hand through his tousled hair. It was a distracting motion, so I focused on his question. "Honestly? I would usually think this was a hoax, or something small being blown way out if proportion. But there is something off about all of this. I can feel it. And my instincts have never led me wrong before." I think back to the day my mother left, and how I hadn't been surprised. I met Percy's eyes. "What about you?" He laughed, but there was no humor in it. "I'm thinking I should stick with you." Piper emerged from the back room, then, almost knocking down the EMPLOYEE'S ONLY sign in her wake. She wore a purse, and had a black jacket tossed over her arm. "Let's go." We started for the entrance of the airport. It was about a 10-minute walk from Starbucks. We walked into security, and my stomach plummeted. I sensed Percy and Piper tense beside me. "So something is definitely up, then?" Percy took a step into the void room. "If they don't even have security staff working, that must mean-" "That the whole airport is shut down." I finished. I moved further into the space, taking small, cautious steps. "Um. Yeah." Percy gave me an odd look, but I didn't stop to interpret it. "But why wouldn't they announce that? It just doesn't make sense…"I murmured, mostly to myself. "Let's just keep going. We're almost out of here." Percy said, walking to the doors in the back of the room. I followed him, with could Piper on my heels. "Wait!" Piper put out a hand to stop our advance out of the security room. "What if…" She trails off, and I give her an encouraging nod. "What if we can't get out? Like, if no one can come in, then wouldn't it make sense that no one could get out, too?" I frowned. I had thought of that, but decided to deal with that problem if we had to face it. "Well we'll just have to find out." I had a sinking feeling that Piper was right, but we had to try regardless. We had just exited security when an announcement sounded across the terminal, loud and stern. "This airport is under quarantine. From this point forward, any persons to leave this facility will be placed under arrest. I repeat. This airport is under quarantine." We all stopped dead in our tracks. Quarantine. There is something dangerous about that word. It implies the unknown, and is often associated with death. I didn't like it one bit. I looked at Percy and Piper, drawing in ragged breaths. I hadn't even known them for 12 hours, and yet I felt like we were somehow in this together now. Whatever this was. They looked back at me, and I could see in their eyes that they felt the same. Slowly, silently, we walked to one of the gates, and sat down in the chairs. We didn't say anything when the doors to the entrance opened, and we didn't even move when men in HAZMAT suits walked over to us. It was only when the men in the gear tried to stick needles in us that we started to scream. So that's it for now! Hope you enjoyed!