demigod." "Hello, Diana," she said amiably once she could see the Oracle. "Are you well?" "Very well, yes, though Apollo is trying to add some of his 'flair' to the cave. Personally I don't want any more naked statues of him around here," Diana laughed. Everyone laughed and Apollo pouted. Annabeth smiled as she sat down on one of the couches. "Apollo hasn't changed in three centuries then." "Obviously not," Diana said in amusement before leaning forward and her dark brown hair fell over her emerald green eyes. "So, Annabeth, you wish for a prophecy?" "Yes," Annabeth nodded. "Then ask away." "How do I free Percy from Tartarus?" Annabeth asked. Diana stiffened and green mist flowed from her mouth, circling her like snakes. The Oracle said: "Nine will enter the depths of the earth, find the never forgotten hero and return to the hearth. But despair when all seems lost, for his exit will not be without cost. Wisdom, skies, beauty and fire, will find help when all seems most dire." Diana slumped forward and Annabeth quickly caught her, leaning her up against the couch. Diana's eyes fluttered open and she gagged. "Argh, tastes like snakes." "Omigods, does it actually Rachel?!" A daughter of Venus demand, at the red heads nods the girls and boys of the love goddess gagged. Except for Piper, who was mature. The Oracle looked at Annabeth's pale face and sighed, "What did I say?" Annabeth repeated the prophecy for Diana, finishing with: "It doesn't sound good, but this is Tartarus we're talking about. It was never going to be easy." "Quests are never easy…" Diana nodded and gave Annabeth a hug. "Find Percy, he's a hero and deserves to live like one." Diana had never met Percy, but Annabeth had told her enough stories about him for her to know he was a true hero and people like that only come around every few centuries. "My son is a hero," Poseidon said firmly. "Yes uncle he is" Artemis says. "I will," Annabeth said determinedly and gingerly detached herself from Diana's embrace. "Thank you, Diana." "No worries," Diana smiled. Annabeth swiftly left the cave and soon found herself back with the immortal campers. They were all crowded around Daedalus' laptop. Chiron looked up when she entered the room and she saw slight shock on his expression. "You saw all this when you were in Tartarus?" Annabeth nodded slightly as she sat down. "That's everything that could be used to find out where you are. Tartarus is like a massive body. The Doors are his heart and everything flows towards it." Chiron looked at the screen of the laptop for a few more seconds. "I'll run this by Hades before you leave," he decided and left the laptop in front of him. "Now, let's hear the prophecy." Annabeth took a breath to steady her: "Nine will enter the depths of the earth, find the never forgotten hero and return to the hearth. But despair when all seems lost, for his exit will not be without cost. Wisdom, skies, beauty and fire, will find help when all seems most dire." "Can you see the future from the prophecy from this time?" Athena asked her half-brother; ask eyes went to the sun god. "No, because it's not time, or it's not in this reality." Though the god was sweating when he said that, eyes closed as visions swamped him. Visions of war, death and destruction. Artemis narrowed her eyes at her brother; she could tell when he lied and apparently Hermes did to. They looked nervously at each other. "So we need nine people," Connor Stoll said to break the silence. Annabeth nodded, "Wisdom, skies, beauty and fire. That's obviously me, Thalia, Jason, Piper and Leo. So we need four more." Leo had appeared on Festus several weeks after the war with Calypso hanging on behind him whilst the Camp had been burning his shroud, almost giving all of his friends a heart attack. "I'll go," Nico di Angelo said, "my dad is Hades. It may give us an advantage." No one bothered to argue with him. Nico warmed as his father's smile and nod of approval went his way. "We'll come," Hazel announced and Frank Zhang nodded in agreement. "One more than," Annabeth said as she looked around the group of campers. None of them met her gaze. "All of you are a bunch of prissies," Clarisse La Rue growled. Everyone jumped at the sea gods booming laughter. "What?!" Clarisse demanded. "All of you are a bunch of prissies," Wars daughter blushed. Clarisse La Rue growled, "I'll go with you to free the punk since everyone else is going to be cowards." Annabeth nodded. "When do we leave Chiron?" "Tomorrow the Doors will open," Chiron said, "the Capture the Flag game is later today and you will be able to play it in honor of the win against Gaea." He tapped the laptop in front of him, "I will send this to Hades via Hermes and hopefully Hades can add some more places to the map." Annabeth nodded and turned to look at Leo. "Oh my! The great Annabeth looked to me!" Leo dramatically said. "You sure he's not Hermes son?" Apollo asked Hephaestus. The god looked at him with flames. "He's my son" "Can you make some Greek fire grenades or something? Anything that can be used as an explosive or weapon we will need. Tartarus is the monster's home turf, we can kill them, but they just reform amazingly quickly." Leo grinned wickedly, "Those monsters won't know what hit 'em. I'll get the Hephaestus cabin started on it right away." Annabeth looked around at the questers, thinking that this was her chance to get Seaweed Brain back – and it was a damn good one. "Oh yeah! Go team Leo!" "Done," Poseidon said. At that all the children stood up. There ADHD could only be suppressed for a little while; luckily nothing drastic has happened… yet...