sounded more beautiful to Paul than it ever had before. "Hey, I'm alive. Hera put me to sleep for a while, and then she took my memory, and..." Percy faltered. Hearing this was painful, but he was alive. He was alive! "Anyway, I'm okay. I'm sorry. I'm on a quest—" He seemed to regret saying this. His voice cracked a little as he continued, "I'll make it home. I promise. I love you." And then...dial tone. Sally's knees buckled. "He promised, Paul. Percy doesn't break his promises." Paul agreed. Percy never broke his promises. He was a loyal, faithful young man, and he kept to his word. Paul had no doubt about this. Sally replayed it a few times, and they listened. They just listened. The background of the call made it sound like he was at a train station. Percy's voice sounded hopeful and hopeless at the same time. "Hera took his memory?" Sally said, finally. "That's...oh, gods. That's cruel." Paul took a deep breath. He didn't know what to say. But their hope was renewed. That was what mattered. Percy was okay, for the time being, and he'd make it home. They knew because he had promised. Percy had never broken his promises. He wasn't about to start now. - Δαιδαλώδης - Paul was sitting with Sally on the couch in the living room of the apartment, staring at the TV (though not really paying attention to anything that was happening on the screen). It had been desolate, lately, in the Jackson-Blofis residence. Everything seemed so dull , without Percy there to goof them to death. Even after the phone call, the reassurance that he was, at least, alive , could only help so much. He was on a quest—that much was obvious. And quests were dangerous. They were all probably off saving the world, again. The phone call had been two days of bliss. After that, things went back to being bleak. Paul was there for Sally, and Sally took comfort in Paul, but he could only do so much. Percy was her son . Nothing, nothing in the world, could rival her love for her son. There was a knock at the door. Sally looked over and sighed, as though she didn't really want to get up. "I'll get it," Paul told her. He took a gulp of water from his glass as he walked to the door, exhaled, and opened it. He promptly dropped the glass of water, causing the cup to shatter and the water to explode everywhere. "Oh my..." Paul couldn't say anything else except, "Sally!" "Who is it, Paul?" she asked, approaching from behind him. And then she stopped, a glee-filled, tearful expression coming onto her face. "Percy?" Percy Jackson, in all his glory, grinned sheepishly at them from the doorway. "Hey, Mom. Paul." They were both staring at him, unable to say anything else. Percy pressed his lips together. "So, can I come in, or are you going to stare at me for the rest of the night?" Percy looked different than before. He was muscly, and he was taller, and he no longer had that gray streak in his black hair. If his face had had any trace of boyishness left before he had disappeared, it was all gone, now. His sea-green eyes were almost the same as they always were—glinting with a small amount of amusement. But they were more fierce. He was wearing jeans and an orange Camp tee shirt. Everything seemed the same, but everything was different. His aura was different. Paul was the first to recover. He cleared his throat. "Um, no. Come in, Percy." They both backed up, and Percy walked inside. He looked around the place, and he breathed deeply, and then he said, "Gods, I missed this place." Sally closed her eyes for a moment, before saying, "Percy, you're home." Percy cleared his throat. "Yes, Mom, I'm home." And they both just...hugged. They hugged for what could have been hours, or minutes, or seconds, and tears were silently rolling down Sally's face, and Percy looked so pained that it hurt Paul physically to look at him. Paul tried to hold it together, for the sake of all of them—and though he prevented tears from falling, he wasn't sure that his face was as much controlled. When it was over, Percy turned to Paul and hugged him, too, despite the fact that Percy and Paul had never gotten quite this close before. It felt good, Paul decided. Paul hugged Percy back, trying to convey how much he felt about this... Percy pulled back. He took another deep breath, cleared his throat again, and said, "I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry." Sally took Percy's hand and led him to the couch. "I'm assuming something big happened?" Percy bit his lip. "Um, yes." From the way he said it, it sounded like he really meant: Something big happened? Yeah, right. Something the size of the Jolly Green Giant on steroids happened. Standing on a pedestal. On top of a stack of Empire State Buildings. "You don't have to tell us anything, Percy. Just sit with us. We'll talk." Percy nodded, his eyes taking in everything about everything. "Yeah, we'll talk." Whatever it was that had happened to Percy, they would get through it. No matter how bad. Because they were family, and they would always be there for each other. Family , Paul thought to himself. He smiled. Family . - Δαιδαλώδης - Paul wasn't perfect. He'd made mistakes in his lifetime. But one thing that he would never, ever regret was meeting the Jacksons. He loved them more than he'd ever loved anything in his life. Nothing could compare to what he felt for them. Nothing could ever get in the way of that. He'd realized, before, that he was in it for good. He would forever be a part of the Jacksons' crazy lives. And, Paul decided, he wouldn't have it any other way.