that the goddesses may have played a part on this situation. Actually even until now, it still is fuzzy on whether or not Jason had recovered all of his memories of Camp Jupiter. And if Hera was the one who exchanged the leaders of both camps, then isn't she responsible for the memories that were erased from them? To be honest, it still is quite fuzzy as to how their memories were erased. I was curious about that. Did she, I don't know, dipped them in Lethe, the river of forgetfulness? Although, some say that forgetting their memories is essential to the plan, then who keeps the memories? Someone has to keep the memories. Their memories didn't just dissolve, but it slowly returned to them. I'm not sure if it was some kind of medicine or whatnot, but if it were a medicine, then that could be very dangerous drug if alters the brain so much that your previous memories would only come back after months. And in this world of demigods, gods and goddesses, and even magic, maybe they don't need medicine. For me, there has to be someone who are keeping those memories. But, just as Percy, no matter how much memories one will erase, the strongest of these memories are usually the ones that are left and can never be completely forgotten. As for Percy and Jason, we all know their names. That is why, I was VERY interested when Cupid asked that question. In Amber's blog, she said, '… this would sound a little different. I'm just wildly speculating here, but this would sound like it was more than just a warning about his relationship with Piper. Maybe Cupid's words to him can be translated into. "Is all of this really your choice? Is it Juno/Hera's choice for you? Doubt exists for a reason, y'know. Do you even want this? Or are you just somehow following what is expected of you?' MIND = BLOWN Aphrodite is not always the most kind and loving goddess that you will encounter. She can invoke and play with emotions, and when she does, she's really good at it. She can 'invoke' emotions. Invoke is defined as cite or appeal to (someone or something) as an authority for an action or in support of an argument. I've only searched this on Google but if you take a good look at it, it is pretty much is in line of what Aphrodite can do with emotions. First, cite or appeal to (someone or something) as an authority for an action. If used in the deeds of Aphrodite in various myths, she can cause 'stirring emotions' when in the first place, it isn't meant to be that way. In this case, she can cause involuntary feelings or emotions, but not because it came from that person, but through her interference. Second, in support of an argument. If you can let your imaginations run wild, you will know where we're heading to. Sure, emotions are from the 'heart' as most people say, but biologically speaking, it is also caused by our brains through the release of various hormones and all of that sort. Meaning, Aphrodite can also have control on what could go on in your mind. Not only do you feel those emotions, but be convinced that those emotions are genuine and real. Coupled along with the fact that Hera is his patron and is pretty much the reason why he is in Camp Jupiter, for setting up Jason, Piper and Leo, … the possibilities are endless. Even Piper herself asked whether or not all of this is real, or the fact that maybe Aphrodite was somehow influencing him. ' But don't stop,' she thought. Which leads to the fact on why Piper has such a huge issue of Jason mentioning Reyna's name? Take note, MERE mentioning of her name. Wow, I know that pretty much Rick Riordan had set the mentioning of Reyna's name by Jason as taboo when Annabeth looked at her sympathetically and when Hazel winced. ' Hearing the way Jason said her name, like it was a lifeline to his past, made Piper's heart sink.' Why? Why? Why does Piper have such a deep insecurity over Reyna? I've always wondered why Piper was so bothered about this. Couldn't it be that somehow, that gut feeling inside when she thought that her mother might be influencing Jason was somehow, right? I get it that she may be possessive over Jason, but being aware that may be there might be outside forces influencing the core of Jason, should make her wary about jumping into a relationship. Why was she…. I don't know, uncomfortable, whenever he talks about his life on Camp Jupiter? If for instance that there is no such thing as memory keeper (Hera, that I mentioned awhile ago), then could it have contributed to the fact that Jason never fully recovered his memories? What if, because of all these forces, he chose to bury his past in the name of love? ' Um, yeah." Jason wondered if Piper was working some sort of Aphrodite magic on him – like maybe every time he mentioned Reyna's name, she would befuddle him so much he couldn't think about anything but Piper.' - House of Hades, p. 263 That doesn't seem to be a healthy relationship. I'm not sure, views can vary. Like I said, you may control the mind, but you can't control the heart. Yes. The heart can't be controlled, but it can be fooled. No wonder why Cupid asked him that question, which will, through the horizons of Jason's future and the oceans of his past, resonate through all of time. The dark eyes of a girl, beneath the waves, beckoning him to come home. The question seemingly innocent yet engraved with meaning. ' I would think you'd know better, Jason Grace.' Cupid's voice whirled around him. 'You've found true love, after all. Or do you still doubt yourself?'