it I any way, shape, or form but merely stared at each one in turn, letting them all see my seriousness. One of them finally responded, passing a small rounded-white tube to me, and another flicked his light and set my cigarette alight. I chanced a look at the Uniform beside me for the first time, and his face seemed highly impressed by not only my knowledge of the term kippe (*most common German slang term for "cigarette") but also by my question in of itself. I took a hefty drag from my kippe and blew out a perfect smoke ring, my eyes alight with the obvious challenge. The Uniforms' carved faces of marble or granite crumbled before me, melting into cheery smiles by the heat of my offered camaraderie. In response to my smoke ring the eldest of the men around me, a grizzled veteran with a salt-and-pepper beard and flecks of each in his dark hair, blew a series of 10 smoke rings from one drag of the kippe between his index and middle fingers. The veteran, I referred to him from that moment on as "Smokey," turned to me and I saw his eyes alight with youthful joy and his face split into an impish smirk. I bowed my head to him in submission, but quickly brought the kippe to my lips and blew a series of seven smoke rings. In a random order the other Uniforms tried to match our precisely-shaped smoke rings, but those that did only got to about three or four; nowhere near my or Smokey's grand total. I jumped slightly as I heard a man from the elongated turret call out to whom I assumed was Smokey. " Oberstabsfeldwebel Heinrich! Wir stehen kurz vor Schweinfurt! " (Translation: "Sergeant Major Heinrich! We are nearing Schweinfurt!") Smokey nodded gravely, giving me a wink and tossing his kippe over the side of the half-track, picking up his long-rifle and holding it diagonal on his lap. The other Uniforms followed his actions, tossing away their kippe and hoisting their diverse rifles. I let my eyes wander to the Uniform beside me, a man I would forever refer to as "Blinky" due to his tendency to blink a lot, blinking a question to him. He inclined his head to me in return, and then looked at Smokey, gesturing to me and to the crate beneath the bench I was sitting on. Smokey grinned in appreciation of whatever mute conversation they were having, and all of the other Uniforms averted their eyes as I was hoisted onto the bench and hastily undressed by Smokey and Blinky. They wrapped something around my chest and hips, making both areas flat and firm. Smokey then leaned down to the crate while I shivered in my partial nudity, and when he stood back up he held a uniform like his, only much smaller. They gave me warm underclothes to wear, though they weren't bulky like they looked to be, and then helped me put the uniform on. That done, Blinky drew his knife and viciously attacked the blonde locks I had been so proud of for so many years, leaving it ruffled and wild, and just barely reaching my ears. Smokey placed a helmet over my head and Blinky a belt on my waist, complete with ammunition packs and a pistol. I knew not what they had in mind, so I voiced my confusion. " Blinky, Smokey, was los ist? Warum gibst du mir eine gleichmäßige und langfris Gewehr? Warum muss ich ein Messer und Pistole? " (Translation: "Blinky, Smokey, what is going on? Why are you giving me a uniform and long-rifle? Why do I have a knife and pistol?") The Uniforms before didn't answer for awhile, but eventually it was Smokey who responded. He also looked amused by my choice of nickname for himself and his comrade. " Hör zu, Mädchen. Sie müssen handeln, als ob sie ein Soldat in der Heer sind. Wenn Sie auf lassen, dass sie nicht zu uns gehören sie unaussprechliche Dinge mit dir machen. Ich bin nicht bereit zu stehen und geschehen lassen, nicht ohne zu versuchen, um zu helfen. Fühlt sich "Blinky" die gleiche Weise. Als wir nach Schweinfurt erhalten unsere Mannschaft lernen sie, diese Waffen zu benutzen. Sie ein Mitglied dieser Familie zu werden. " (Translation: "Listen, girl. You need to act as though you are a soldier in the Heer (German Army) . If you let on that you do not belong with us they will do unspeakable things to you. I am not willing to stand by and let this happen, not without trying to help. "Blinky" feels the same way. When we get to Schweinfurt our squad will teach you to use those weapons. You will become a member of this family.") My eyes were widening as he spoke, to the point where Blinky placed a hand on Smokey's shoulder and gave him a look I couldn't see. Smokey nodded firmly, a small smile dominating his features. I smiled as well, realizing in a flash that this man was willing to break the law in order to keep me safe. Of course, I wasn't to know that the War would be anything but safe. Smokey's unit had been told that they would be held back, only seeing action when there was no one else. However...soon after we arrived in Schweinfurt we learned that this was not the case. We would be sent to the Front lines in a major push against the Western nations. Unintentionally I was swept up in the surge of patriotic nationalism, eagerly agreeing to accompany Smokey and Blinky for as long as my body would allow. They smiled wide and pounded me on the back, and even now I blame those two for the inconsistent dull pains I get in my back. So we were off to war, and while I was unaware of it at the time I would be drastically changed by War's end.