meant by "Sparky" or even at least say goodbye. What a weird girl. A gust of wind made Jason shiver a little, reminding him how late it had gotten. The sun had already set, with only the orange glow tinting the sky and the streetlights blinking on. He hurried home, wanting to get this day over with and get some sleep. He went inside his house, careful not to stick around to talk to his mother after he greeted her. They didn't need two heartbroken people under the roof. As soon as Jason walked through the bedroom door, his cellphone rang. Supreme Commander of Awesomeness, it said; in other words, Leo. Jason flopped on the bed and answered. "Hello?" "Dude, is it true that you and Reyna broke up?" Jason could hear some clinking and hammering coming from the other end of the phone. Of course Leo would be in his garage tinkering with some projects. That kid could never sit still. He sighed, covering his face with his pillow. "Yeah," Jason muffled through the material. News travels fast apparently. He could just imagine how his friends were going to be like tomorrow. "And… Are you okay?" Jason didn't know if he really wanted to talk. He had never really been one to speak his feelings or show his emotions, learning from his dad that it was important to keep a straight and commanding presence. But Leo was his other best friend besides Reyna. Like Reyna, Leo had also known him since diapers, and were much closer. They were on the football team together for Goode High School; Jason being the quarterback and Leo being his handy wide receiver. They did a lot of things together as well—mainly pranks, complimentary of Leo. While Jason felt he was more on the serious side, Leo was more of a joker, which worked out great since Jason needed to loosen up more and Leo needed to focus sometimes. Jason also frequented Leo's house a lot, appreciating how his parents treated Jason like family. In fact, Jason considered Leo to have the ideal family, in which Leo was very close to both his parents. If there was one person he could talk to besides Reyna or Thalia, it was definitely Leo. And Jason knew that Leo was trying to be there for him right now in his own quirky way. "Yeah I'm okay, thanks. A little sad, but I don't think Reyna and I were meant to be together anyways." "What makes you say that?" Leo asked. "We really just see each other as friends. It had been pretty nice being her boyfriend and all, but when we talked about it, I guess I realized that she wasn't the one for me either." Leo thought about his friend's words. "Hmm, I see. If that's really how you feel, then what can you do right? Well, I'm sure you'll find the right girl someday then bro. Plus I can be your wingman again!" Jason's thoughts immediately drifted to the girl he met earlier, Piper McLean, though he didn't know why. Jason removed the pillow from his head and looked at his hand, which still had her number on it. "Mmm… maybe, yeah." Being Jason's best friend had its perks, and Leo immediately picked up on Jason's passive response. "Did something else happen today? Man! I didn't even get to hook you up!" Jason blinked. Leo knows me too well. Not finding any way to deny it, he just answered honestly. "Yeah, actually something did happen after Reyna broke up with me." Jason told Leo the event that happened with Piper. "Pretty crazy right? Why would I do that when I just got out of a relationship, a pretty sad one at that?" He expected Leo to agree with him, but Leo was actually uncharacteristically quiet on the other end. A few moments later, Leo said, "I don't know. Actually… I think you should go for it." "What? Are you serious?" "Hell yeah, I mean, what have you got to lose? This Piper girl seems pretty cool and according to your way-too-detailed description, she's the hottest thing to have graced planet Earth haha. I'll admit, Piper does seem a little bit weird, but I could understand why she'd feel pissed off about Dylan. I hate that guy." Of course Leo hates that guy, Jason remembered.Dylan used to bully Leo when they were little kids. However, Leo grew into his age and Dylan found it harder and harder to make fun of someone that was half a foot taller and could easily punch his teeth in if he wanted to. "And besides, it already sounds like you have a crush on her." Jason felt himself his cheeks flaming. "I do not! I just got dumped by Reyna! I'm not really in the mood to like someone else already." "Heh, whether you're in the 'mood' or not, love just strikes whenever and wherever. Or at least that's what I told this pretty girl in my English class before she walked away… and talked to her friends while glancing and pointing at me… and then proceeding to laugh at me… BUT, anyways, whatever you say 'Sparky.' But hey, I gotta go. My dad's calling me and he wants me to help him fix the Corvette before he calls it a night. Just think about this Piper girl okay? I think it'd be a good opportunity for you. You never know." "Yeah, okay. Goodnight and uh, thanks man." Before finally settling into bed, Jason got up to switch off the lights. For the next hour, he kept tossing and turning, thinking about his break-up with Reyna and finally Piper McLean. He lifted up his hand and examined it, even though he couldn't see those seven digits that he had subconsciously memorized already. Soon enough, his eyes started to feel heavy. Before he drifted off to sleep, the last thought he had in his head was a pair of kaleidoscopic eyes.