of her dorm again and just like last time, she drifted off expectantly to the safety of her dorm, leaving Percy behind, and just like last time her roommates were standing there anticipating another story about her new tall, dark, and handsome stranger. A second later, he cursed when she closed the door because he forgot to get her number. A few days later, Percy managed to "coincidentally" catch Annabeth at the cashier line in the campus café. "Excuse me miss, I seem to have lost my number. Can I have yours?" Annabeth turned around to see the most predictable shock ever. But before she can retort, the cashier interrupted her. "Hello, what can I get you?" the cute looking cashier asked. "One hot chocolate, please." "Make that two." Percy stepped forward, budging in, and put a hand on Annabeth's shoulder. The touch surprised Annabeth and sent sparks down her spine. The cashier, on the other hand, noticed the small gesture and decided to look away from Annabeth. "Okay, thank you for shopping the campus café," he mumbled. Annabeth stared in disbelief at Percy's action. Clearly, she did not expected any of that to happen but it did, but she also didn't expect for him to have that much of an effect on her. "If you don't remember, my number is still lost and I'm wondering if I can have yours." He smiled sweetly at her and Annabeth couldn't help but grab his phone and punch in her number. Percy gave himself a triumphant high-five (which was weird, but Percy's Percy). But damn, if Peter was watching him now, he would be so disappointed. It took Percy a week to get a name and even longer to get a number. But it was worth the wait . "So what are you doing in this fine evening?" "It's barely eleven in the morning." "That's what I meant," he saved himself as he casually brought an arm over her shoulder. The gesture was odd for Annabeth but it felt nice to be in his arms. "Just relaxation from studying, projects, school in general." Especially from my mother. He groaned, "Ugh, don't even remind me about studies and classes right now." They fell into a deep silence after that. Both just wanted to cherish the moment with their hot chocolate and protection from the cold weather outside. Percy felt secure with the silence, and comfort, wishing nothing would disrupt the moment. A sudden vibration disrupted their silence and Annabeth moved to retrieve her cell phone. The call was short but Annabeth had a disappointed look on her face when it ended. "Sorry I have to go. My roommates said they need my help for a project," Annabeth explained softly. She could feel Percy's piercing green eyes on her every second while she was packing up her things to leave, but internally she didn't want to leave "Let me walk you to your room then." They both headed off to the same direction they had taken nearly three weeks ago. Percy couldn't help but admire the blonde beside him. Hell, he couldn't even get her off his mind for the past three weeks either. There was just something enchanting about her that kept him on his toes. "There must be something wrong with my eyes. I can't take them off of you," he smoothly whispered in her ear as he swiftly grabbed her hand. Annabeth gasped and looked down at their intertwined hands with his and then back up to his eyes. "What? Your hand looks heavy so I'm just holding them for you." Annabeth rolled her eyes, but they still somehow ended up landing on his. She only realized later that they stopped walking. "You're the real reason men fall in love." Her mind turned to jelly. Ugh, stupid distraction. "Are you being truthful or was that another pick up line?" "Both." He lowered his head to hers, leaving only a shot gap between them. "Well Percy, I have something to say to you," she said on impulse, "Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary again?" He let out a deep chuckle and wrapped his arms around her waist, capturing her lips in a single move. Somewhere between the first pick up line to now, Annabeth's feelings for him had blossomed to something more. She somehow fell for this obnoxious, self-centered, confident, yet caring and funny guy. And due to his constant flirting with her, she was never afraid that he didn't share the same feelings back. He pulled back only to want to look at her and her smile. "Nice pick up line." "Thanks, anymore lines you want to say?" "Nope, you're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line." Annabeth laughed. Once again this is the revised version of the story. Now for those band geeks out there, I am also the writer of Drum Captain Percy vs Guard Captain Annabeth . So feel free to check that out. Here is the summary: Annabeth Chase was the captain of her champion colorguard team. However, when she had to move to New York a week after school starts, she is forced to restart in a school that is said to have the best marching band but the worst colorguard team. This is the beginning of her journey at Goode High School where she is asked to be the new captain of a failing and chaotic colorguard team. However, along the way she must go against a drumline who has a rivalry with the guard and their captain with jet-black hair and sea green eyes. But before they realize it, sparks will fly between them and this will test the number one unwritten rule in marching band, a guard can't date a drummer. Special thanks to Dessert Maniac, this story wouldn't have been possible without her! Please review and tell me what you think! And should I turn this into a two shot?