at him smelling the scent in front of him. Percy's spiritual animal, The Wolf, was coming out of him. When he found out what his animal was in training years ago he was happy that he had in his words, "The most awesome animal ever besides horses!" he also found out he had a new problem. He would go into a state that Chaos called a heat and that was when he had no control and he looked for anything to fuck. Male or Female. When he learned of this he tried in all his power to stop it but he couldn't he let go of his urges and jumped the first thing in front of him which was Chaos and Ares. The experience was something that Percy brought up when he didn't get his way and it always worked. *Warning Percy/Leo lemon* Now, the heat was coming back and he stared at the Latino in front of him and he jumped him. Percy grabbed the Latino and pulled him into a kiss. Cal's arms moved and wrapped around Percy's neck, pulling the taller Greek into him, Cal moaned into Percy's mouth as the taller young man's hands began to drift lower on the craftsman, eventually cupping both of Cal's ass cheeks before squeezing them. Cal ground his hips into Percy as he felt the large palms of the Sea Prince massage his ass. Percy picked the Latino boy up and took him to his bedroom and dropped him on his bed. Cal stripped himself out of his grease monkey suit as he did so. "Shit, Percy," Cal moaned as he climbed atop the green eyed young man. "Are you sure you're alright with this?" Percy asked, his eyes concerned. Cal nodded his head, burying his face in the crook of Percy's neck as tears threatened again, And Cal let out another little gasp as he divested Percy of the rest of his clothing. Cal rubbed up against Percy's huge dick with the crack of his ass. Cal grabbed onto the bed covers as Percy pushed his fingers up into the mechanic's ass while simultaneously swallowing Cal's dick to the root. "Gods, Percy, gods yes. Please," Cal groaned as Percy sucked Cal's dick while searching for Cal's prostate with two fingers. Cal's breath hitched as Percy found his mark, and the Hispanic demigod made a little mewling sound as Percy deep throated Cal's dick and proceeded to let out an almost feral growl around it. "Madre de dios, yes. Oh gods, fuck yes." Cal continued his litany of expletives in two languages while Percy serviced the young man until the Son of Hephestus had had enough. He bent down and kissed Percy again, "I want you to fuck me," Cal growled into the kiss as they separated, Percy decided to give Cal what he wanted. Percy bodily picked up Cal and flipped the boy over so that his head lolled over the edge of the bed that had previously held up the Son of the Sea God's feet. He rested Cal's legs on his shoulders as he rubbed down the naturally tan boy's thighs gently before grabbing a bottle of lube nearby the bed and generously coating his length. "Are you sure you want this?" Percy asked one last time as he nudged Cal's entrance with the head of his cock. He looked into the other boy's eyes for a moment before Cal lunged up, wrapping his arms around Percy's neck, and pulled the green eyed boy in for a kiss. Percy took that as a yes and began to slowly ease his way into Cal's ass. Cal's hips arched up to meet Percy's cock, and as Percy made his inexorable way forward, Cal broke the kiss with a gasp. Percy's dick "Almost there," Percy whispered, kissing Cal right above his heart. Cal shivered. Percy wasn't even all the way in yet? Cal gulped at air as he finally felt the sensation of Percy's balls resting on his ass. He had never felt so impossibly full before, so wonderfully stretched. Percy was so deep inside him that Cal thought he was going to rip apart from the pleasure at any moment. "Fucking move, please, Percy, fuck me," Cal begged, unable to take Percy's patience any longer. And Percy complied. Cal was pretty sure he screamed as Percy shifted into high gear, but by the time Percy had truly started moving, Cal was no longer certain that he was in full control of either his senses or his body. He was being overloaded by the sensations Percy was inducing in him. The languid kisses, the bites, the feather soft touches, the feeling inside him, all of it was pushing Cal closer and closer to orgasm, and the young mechanic hadn't even touched his own cock yet. An infinitesimal portion of Cal's mind was worried that the two of them was loud that the neighbors could hear them as he climaxed, because he didn't anything ruining this moment Cal felt something warm and viscous flow into him as Percy's hips bucked forward, the green eyed young man biting his lip as he stared down into Cal's eyes. Cal reached up and brought Percy down for a kiss again as the older demigod shifted, pulling himself out of Cal, "Fuck, that was awesome," Cal breathed out as they finished the kiss. "I still can't believe that I fit that whole thing up inside me. How big is it?" Percy grinned at Cal, "It's about nine inches. And you were pretty awesome yourself, Valdez," Percy joked as he pushed down on Cal for another kiss. A strangled cough, however, stopped them as they turned and saw the looks of Chaos and Ares. So how did you guys like it? This is just so I can get the idea out of my head while playing GTA V and I put it onto paper okay. But leave some reviews okay tell me how you'd like it...