the most obvious person on the planet. That will never change." She said laughing. "You'll pay for that, Piper McLean." He said while grinning. "Will I? How?" She asked in an innocent voice. "Oh, you'll see later. You'll see…" He replied with a smirk. "Hmmm, I look forward to that moment." She said, "Involuntarily" squeezing her breasts. "Not yet, the time will come. This night, I promise, and we will do better than they, as always." Percy said in a sexy tone. "But well, you're sleeping here, aren't you?" He asked with a mischievous smile. "Of course we'll sleep here. And if Jason does not want to, I'll convince him." Piper replied. "So, do you want to see what they're doing in the car?" Piper asked. "Hell yeah, let's go to my office," Percy said, taking Piper's hand and guiding her inside the house. But then he rethought it "But first we have to spend some time with my daughter, we have to blow the candles, open the gifts, and dance a little..." Percy said. "I do not want to miss this important moment of my daughter because those two are fucking like rabbits." He finally said. Then, Percy unlocked his phone, activated the cameras he has in Annabeth's car to start recording everything that happens, and finally active the ant-shaped mini-drones with camera created by Leo, programmed to follow Annabeth and record everything that happens to her. And what is about to happen to her is that she will enjoy some time with Piper's husband, without knowing that Piper and Percy are recording their actions. But returning to the Leo topic, the boy knows how to invent witty things. If it was not for him they would not have all the material they have of their partners "escapades". "Seems right. Let's enjoy the party you've organized." Piper said. "We'll have a better time at night." She said in a tone that left everything to the imagination. "Besides those two almost always do the same, they have simply practiced the first pages of the Kama-sutra," Piper said, causing the two to laugh. "I'm sure they think they have done crazy positions that you could only imagine them in dreams…" Piper said, with a smirk on her face. "Wrong," She said, making Percy laugh. You will know later all that our protagonists have done. Remember that they have let them play their game and that they have played the same game, but improving it, improving it a lot. "I already imagine them, surely as always Jason will have the dominant role, they will make-out for a while… Then he will start by sucking her tits after that maybe the pussy…" He said. "After Annabeth has an orgasm, Jason will say a phrase like: "You taste like nectar," He said while laughing. Then Piper continued. "Ow, ow, ow!" She said excitedly. "Then it will be the moment that Annabeth will decide to return the favor to Jason. She will pull down his pants and will meet with his member. Surely she will say some phrase in plan "Oh, you're so big Jason, as big as I remember". And she will start sucking his cock in some classic way, maybe she'll do some kinky shit like biting him or something like that" She finally said. "They always do the same, they have no imagination…" "I don't understand that, mine is bigger," Percy said with a big smile. Right now they were walking down the stairs to the lounge where the party is taking place. "It's not that I want it to be a competition or anything ... Not that my pride is higher to know that or anything like that ..." He said while grinning. "Of course not Percy, of course not." She said, and they began to laugh like crazy at the conversations they have. "But I have to give you the reason, yours is about one inch longer and not much wider, but enough to notice the difference." Piper said, "Not that I measured it or anything." She said, causing Percy's ego to shoot through the clouds. "But!" She said, stopping Percy's moment. "I will always prefer my husband's cock. Sorry Perce." She said, laughing at the expression on his face. "Oh, that hurt, here," Percy said with an expression of pain and pointing to his heart. "But, you're right, I prefer Annabeth's tits," He said with a mischievous smile. With that comment, Piper made the gesture that she was hurt too, but after a second they both laughed again, this time being number 20 probably. Over the years, Piper and Percy have evolved into a very deep friendship. They have no secrets between them, they know more about each other than their respective husband and wife know. It's not that they want to hide things to Jason or Annabeth, but as we know they started with secrets behind the others. By the time they reached the lobby, Percy said: "Although yours are very good too." And then with his hands he took Piper's two breasts, gave them a good "Squeeze" and ran to where everyone was having a good time, ignoring Piper's cries of revenge. Well, and here ends the first chapter. I hope you liked it and that everything is well explained. It is a chapter that serves as an introduction, creating a basis for later chapters. Again I apologize for any grammatical mistakes. Whether you have liked it or not, it will serve me a lot if you say what you think, by reviewing obviously . You know, it will help me if you tell me if everything has been understanding if the idea seems fine ... If something does not make sense, please tell me so I can correct it before it causes more problems. Oh, I almost forgot, if you have ideas and you want to share, go ahead. But well, I do not force you, you are free to do what you want. JayTzar out.