I ruined them I could get you those too." Annabeth shakes her head fondly and shoves her glass into his hand. "My shoes are fine," she says, and he takes off into the crowd with a wink. "And bring back some napkins while you're at it!" she yells over the crowd. Percy turns and gives her a cheesy smile and a thumbs up before he disappears. Annabeth feels her stomach flip flop and she silently berates herself because he's leaving, remember? There's no point starting anything . When he returns, he is carrying two blue plastic cups (who knows where her red cup's gone) and a huge stack of napkins. He hands Annabeth both drinks and then bends down to wipe the spilt beer from her feet. It's incredibly endearing. "Don't worry about my shoes, Percy." He stands and takes his drink from her, looking sheepish and stashing the wet napkins on a nearby bookshelf. Annabeth purses her lips but doesn't say anything. She watches him as he takes a drink of his beer and scans the crowd. He's humming and his head is bobbing in time to the beat. There's a slight smile playing at his lips, just like always. It's like he's perpetually happy. Annabeth spends most of the night with Percy, teaming up against Jason and Piper for a round of beer pong, watching people dance as they become increasingly more intoxicated, arguing about the merits of pop music (Percy hates it, Annabeth refuses to dislike a whole genre of music and besides has he heard Taylor Swift? That girl is a total genius). She doesn't even realize how much time has passed until people start counting down from 30 and someone is shoving a plastic glass of champagne into her hands. Someone turns the music down and Annabeth can hear her blood rushing in her ears. Her eyes are suddenly drawn to Percy's mouth and it doesn't help her self control one but when he licks his lips. 25, 24, 23 He takes a step closer and lays a hand on her forearm. "Annabeth, I-" She jerks back and shakes her head. "You're leaving, Percy." 20, 19, 18 "What are you talking about?" "You're going home soon. You're leaving," she says angrily. What's he playing at? He knows very well what she's talking about. 14, 13, 12 "Annabeth, I'm not leaving. I'm starting at NYU next week." 9, 8, 7 Annabeth feels her stomach lurch. He's not leaving? "You're staying?" He smiles that stupid smile and his eyes are all sparkly again and Annabeth feels her cheeks heat up and hope bloom in her chest. 3, 2, 1 "Happy New Year, Annabeth," Percy says amidst the cheering and hollering, his eyes boring into hers. Annabeth reaches out and pulls him to her, kissing him the way she's wanted to for so long now. His lips feel nice on hers, soft if not a bit chapped, and he tastes like beer and spearmint (she vaguely remembers him popping a piece of gum not too long ago, the sneaky bastard). It's probably the most cliche thing in the world but Annabeth doesn't care; she can't see any New Year's fireworks, but the two of them have their own fireworks at the moment. "I thought you knew!" Jason is looking properly cowed and Annabeth resists the urge to giggle. "How would I know? No one told me!" Jason grimaces. Apparently he thinks the best way to say sorry (even though they both know it's unnecessary) is to take the bag of orange frosting in his hand and squeeze a blob onto Annabeth's nose. It almost turns into an all-out food fight (mostly flour and frosting) but Sally arrives with a very tired looking Percy in tow and Annabeth and Jason try their best to look innocent. "I'll be on the office if you need me," Sally says sticking a finger in the frosting that is now stuck to Annabeth's apron and sticking it in her mouth. She makes a noise of approval as she leaves the room and when they hear the door click shut, Jason, Annabeth, and Percy crack up. "I think I hear Clarisse calling," Jason says, his attempt at subtlety, when the laughter dies down, and he leaves the room. Annabeth paws at her face, trying to wipe the flour and frosting away. Percy grins at her and thumbs away the rest of the gooey orange stuff. "Hey." Annabeth shakes her head despite her smile and her heart suddenly starts beating like she's just run a marathon. It's been two days since the New Year's Eve party and Annabeth and Percy have been texting like crazy, but this is the first time she's seen him since that night. He still hasn't shaved (she's pretty sure he's trying to grow a beard) and he's wearing a shirt that makes his eyes look obscenely green. "You look cute in orange. It's your color." She shoves him playfully and turns back to her cupcakes. "Shut up, Jackson." She almost fucks up the last cupcake when a small, badly wrapped box appears under her nose. She blinks up at Percy rather dumbly but he just smiles. Annabeth takes the parcel and tentatively unwraps it. The smile that overtakes her face is ridiculous. She has no clue how this boy does this to her. In her hand sits a small, plastic snow globe with a miniature New York City skyline inside. The words I LOVE NYC are written in gold around the bottom. It's cheap and dinky and he probably bought it at a bodega somewhere down the street but Annabeth immediately knows that she will put it on her bedside table when she gets home. "Just in case you're still confused about where I'm gonna be for the next few years," Percy says casually, a mischievous glint in his eyes. "You're such a dork," she says wrapping her arms around his neck. "Yeah, but you're the one who likes me."