put down our plates and cups in a millisecond; and in the same time they were gone. "Air nymphs." Percy said, "We say what we want and the food will magically appear." "Cheeseburger and Coca-Cola," Percy said. "Hamburger without cheese, fries and Coca-Cola." I said. In a flash, the food was there. "You lactose intolerant?" Percy asked "No, just allergic to cheese." I said "Bummer. You can't taste pizza." He said. "I don't really care." I said as Percy stared at me with wild eyes. Percy got up with his plate and I followed suit. "Where are we going?" I asked. "We're going to give some of our food to a god of our choice. They like the smell." Percy replied. "You serious?" I said. "Yep." We walked all the way to the campfire to do the offering. It was twenty feet tall and it seemed to be gold. "What's up with the fire, Percy?" I asked. "The fire represents the campers moods. When everyone is happy it's like this. If the were down, then it would be small and black or purple." He replied. "Oh." I said. There was a small girl tending to the flames. "Hello." I said. She replied with a smile. It didn't seem like anyone else noticed her. I pushed the thought out of my mind. Percy broke off half of his burger and threw it in the campfire. "To Poseidon." He said. I broke off half of my burger and scraped off half of my fries and said, "To Poseidon." Some Aphrodite girls waved at me before we sat down. I waved back and sat back down and we ate the food in record time. "Time for the sing-along." Percy said as I followed him to the amphitheater. I followed him to the amphitheater and half the camp was already there. The campfire was crackling with energy. The Apollo cabin led the sing-along. Percy said that they usually lead the sing-alongs. We sang 'Helm, spaulders, greaves and boots' which was a copy of the Christian song 'Head, shoulders, knees and toes.' The end line was 'Hephaestus made them all.' We sang a bunch of other songs and it was soon time for bed. I claimed top bunk before Percy did. "It's cool." He said. Our cabin was long and low roofed. It was concrete painted over with peach to make it look like sand, the outside wall was covered in seashells and the roof was a sea green color. I walked in with Percy behind me. I smiled when I saw the bunk bed by the wall, set with seashell designs sheets and pillows. I looked to the back of the room and there was a stagnant pool with a rainbow. "Perfect for IMs." Percy said, "Iris Messages." "Ah, Iris, the goddess of the rainbow." I said. "Yes." Percy changed into a white shirt and some plain pajama pants. He gave me a red shirt he said he had from when he came into camp. It fit perfectly. I was going to sleep in my boxers, so I didn't worry about putting on pants. I got in bed as Percy turned off the light. "Night, bro." I said. "Night, bro." He said. Just the fact that he called me bro meant that he accepted me as a brother. I closed my eyes and went to sleep. My dream was vivid that night. I stood on Mount Diablo, I saw a girl with spiky hair and silver clothes tied to a wooden pole, she screamed to someone "How dare you! I will kill you!" she shouted "Oh really, girl." A male voice boomed, "I'd like to see you try." He laughed. "Then let me go and let's see what happens." She said. "No thank you, girl, you are only bait for the son of Poseidon and that Jason kid." He said. He stepped out of the gloom and he was thirty feet tall. His top half was humanoid, he had bronze armor decorated with a flame design. He had dreadlocks decorated with bones woven through them, possibly taken from former demigods he had killed. His skin was bronze and his eyes were marble white. Below his waist he had dragon legs and he had claws for feet. His weapon was a spear about the size of a flagpole. "Jason . . . ." the girl said with dread in her voice. The giant laughed. "Don't worry, your brother's death will be quick." He said. "No! NO! NO! " The girl screamed. Her eyes filled with tears. The giant continued, "And, your precious Seaweed Brain will die by the hands of another." "Let me go, NOW! " she screamed. "Your commands will not work, girl." He said, "Did I mention there is another son of Poseidon now?" "What?!" the girl said. "Yes, he will come to rescue you as well, only to be killed by the other one I was talking about, my brother, Polybotes." "Finally, you announce my presence, Enceladus." Boomed a voice. Another thirty foot tall giant walked out of the gloom. His legs were similar to a Komodo dragon's. From the waist upwards, he had green blue armor; and he also had a breastplate with faces of monsters as decoration. He had a human face with wild green hair that had basilisks hanging down from it. "No . . . ." the girl whispered, "Percy, Jason, please . . . . don't die saving me." Don't worry . . . . I said in my head . . . . We'll save you soon. Well, that's it for now, please give me some OCs. PLEASE, I know I said I would make my own IF you didn't make any. But, I would rather that they come from you. Please put OCs in reviews or PM Inbox. Some information for the giant's description was taken from . . And, if you have any questions PM me or review. In conclusion, Hope you enjoyed, BYE.