to grab more." "Annabeth pondered his words for a moment before speaking,"What on earth could she want Hellhounds for? And why doesn't Hades do something about Nyx entering and leaving his realm?" " Well to put it simply Nyx, is a Primordial, and she is a very strong one. Even if it's Hades realm he can do only so much to a being of her status." Nico sighed. Silence Finally from the corner of the room,"Why aren't the gods helping?" "What can Demigods do against a Primordial?" another camper asked. "The gods need permission to enter another domain, and father has said that he will find a way of getting the situation under control and well...he thinks of camp as a way to ask indirectly for help I guess." Nico stated quite exasperated. Percy was quietly contemplating what was he going to do? The whole situation seemed pretty bad. All Percy wanted to do was yell or scream, but he knew it wouldn't help anyone and that if he showed weakness it would spread to his friends and that would make everyone mood less than helpful. "Well I have no idea to what to do or go. So I think that we should consult the oracle." Percy stated. "Unless you have a plan Nico?" Percy said while staring at the son of Hades. "No. I don't lets call Rachel." Percy then stood up and focused his mind. He then pictured Rachel and felt his connection spreading out. Oh yeah if any one was wondering what he was doing it's a power he learned from his water abilities. He could focus on the moisture in the air and try to recognize the shape and aura that the moisture was brushing against. After a little over a minute he felt the warm all knowing aura at the edge of camp near Thalia's tree. "Conner?" Percy called. Said person replied, "Ya, Perce?" as he walked into the room from the porch. "Can you go get Rachel she's near Thalia's tree." Percy asked. "Okay I'll be right back." Conner stated before jogging out of the Big House. The room was sitting in silence, Percy and many other contemplating on the grim situation. All the thought in the room were shattered as they were greeted by a very cheery oracle. "Sup Percy." Rachel beamed. Percy smiled. "You know the usual, terror, troubles, death, and family. All we need know is the oracle to tell us what is gonna happen and where exactly are we gonna go." Rachel laughed. "Well I think I've got one for you just give me a minute." Rachel took a deep breath and approached the table before putting her hands at her sides. The room dimmed, and then Rachel opened her mouth and billowing green smoke ran out of her mouth covering the floor a couple feet in every direction bellow her feet in a layer of green fog. Her eyes turned a placid green and gold mix. A voice that sounded as if three Rachel's were talking at once spoke: Saviour of Olympus fights for Hades, Darkness takes the saviours mind, As grief and sadness take his heart, Helping the Olympians keep control, The Dark Angel provides a knowing light. As the last line left her mouth all the smoke and magical power left a blank staring Rachel. She frowned, "That's weird I wasn't done." before collapsing into the arms of an awaiting Chiron. Immediately the counsellors broke into chattering and conversation with each other until Percy stood. "Well it seems that I'm going to the underworld." A million thoughts and emotions raced through his mind, What did Rachel mean she wasn't done? What was going to happen that was going to cause him to go evil and grief stricken? " My boy we need to get you and your chosen companions ready for the quest,I feel it is gonna be a tiresome one." "I'm in!" was Nico's call "I was just there and you'll need someone who's comfortable around there, and seeing as it is my home territory you have to take me along." He said smirking. Percy was about to reply with his thanks when he felt a gentle and smaller hand enter his right, and he turned to stormy grey eyes. "You aren't going any where out of my sight Seaweed brain." She smiled as she kissed him. He felt his entire tension he had been building up relax, and he deepened the kiss, before breaking apart for air. "Besides how else would I keep you from doing something stupid like an idiot." "I love you Wise girl." he smiled. "Love you to Percy."she breathed. A person cleared their throat. The two love birds pulled apart faces blushing a deep crimson. looking into the crowd of campers, where some "Awww's" and snickering rattled through others. "Well as disgusting as this is..." Nico said with smirk and eyes that laughed at them, "We have a quest to do. Are you guys ready I think I'm just gonna shadow travel us to fathers Palace." Percy nodding before looking into her grey storming eyes that stared back calculating, and full of life and intelligence. Noticing her blonde curly hair rolling down her shoulders, her slender figure, dressed in Camp Half-Blood orange T-Shirt and brown cargo pants with a baseball cap sticking out of one pocket and a short bronze dagger strapped to her side. The overall look making her seem dangerously beautiful with an intelligence that screamed she would kick your butt, and look good doing a math problem at the same time. "Lead the way Nico, We have a certain lord of the dead to help." Percy said, as Nico nodded and then reached out for both Percy and Annabeth to grab his hands. Once they grabbed his hands they disappeared into the shadows and left for the place the prophecy. The underworld. AND THAT'S THE END OF THE FIRST CHAPTER PLEASE COMMENT ON POWERS WANTED IN THE CHARACTER(S)