him and doesn't want you to hate him even more or worse, leave. So he's trying to keep his distance. What did you expect Nico?" Jason asked. "I suppose you're right," Nico resigned with a sigh. They sacrificed some food to the gods and went to their tables to eat. Nico actually ate quite a bit which was a pleasant surprise for both Jason and Percy who were watching the younger demigod like a hawk, well . . . a shark in Percy's case. Grover was sitting next to Percy in his usual spot. "How are you, Perce?" Grover asked him. "I'm dandy, perfectly fine," Percy replied, not looking at Grover. "Perce, I know when you're lying to me. Empathy link, remember?" he asked, "Shit, it's really hard having a best friend I can't lie to," Percy said, sighing. "Yes, I know. Now, spill," Grover said. "It's nothing G-man. I'm just sad about Leo. Jason and Piper seem to be holding up okay but I know for a fact that they're not okay and I kinda feel a little useless cause I can't do anything about it," Percy lied through his teeth. Thankfully, Grover didn't delve deeper and seemed to accept that reason. "Gods, Perce, I missed you so much, man. Do you have any idea how worried I was?" Grover asked, covering Percy's hand with one of his. "Hades, I know Grover. I was so worried to do. I'm glad you came out unscathed man," Percy said, giving Grover a one armed bro hug. "I see you and Jason have hit it off and are now really close. Don't replace me, dude," Grover said, trying to break the tension. Percy laughed, an actual laugh and smiled at Grover, "Jason has helped me out a lot throughout the quest. Besides, we both shared the same burdens. I guess it brought us closer but no one can ever replace you G-man," Percy replied. Grover smiled at Percy and continued to eat paper tissues and the metal can he got out of his pocket. Percy smiled at that. He was glad to be among his friends. It brought him a sense of peace that he couldn't really describe. And he really liked that considering what happened when he slept or relapsed and found himself back there , He tried not to think about it but that was hard considering people always remembered bad memories distinctly. Tartarus couldn't be described as a bad memory. No one has ever found a word worse enough to describe it and he hopes that no one ever will. Percy finished his breakfast and headed down to the docks. Grover and Annabeth offered to come but he shot them down cause he wanted to be alone anyways. And that's how Percy found himself underwater for three hours, playing with his powers and talking to fish that came next to him. He got out from the water all dry and feeling a little bit better which was a lot to say for the son of Poseidon. He walked towards the stables to see his favorite pegasus, Blackjack and suddenly, he didn't know what triggered it, but he found himself trapped in a memory of Tartarus, surrounded by Nyx and her children. His breathing accelerated as he fought his own mind to free himself. This is not real, he yelled repeatedly in his mind and the memory fractured and he returned back to the land of the living. Percy shook his head as if trying shoo away the bad memories and went into the stables. Of course he couldn't find Blackjack there. What was he thinking? Blackjack hated stables. So he called out to his dear winged horse with his mind. He could hear the horse's voice as he came closer and then the mighty black pegasus landed in front of him, grinning at his master. It was infectious and caused Percy to grin too. Percy stroked Blackjack's muzzle. "Hey, boy! How have you been?" he asked. The pegasus reared his head back and neighed, galloping. Then he proceeded to nuzzle every inch of Percy. He could see there were tears going down the horse's muzzle. "Blackjack, are you crying?" Percy asked, bewildered. Blackjack never cried. What do you think? How do you expect me to react when I hear that you got stuck in that pit! I thought you were doomed. I missed you so much, boss! You owe me so many donuts! Blackjack said. Percy smiled, getting a bit teary too and gave his pegasus a tight hug. And what is this I hear about you riding Arion? My half-brother, kinda! Are you cheating on me? Blackjack continued. "Hey, I had no choice. Besides, I didn't even touch him, and he pretty much only liked Hazel anyway and please don't bring family into this. That horse is actually my half-brother. And one more thing! You shouldn't be the one complaining! You let Rachel and Reyna ride you!" Percy replied. Heh, I guess I'm at fault too! I'm never leaving you again, boss. You are a magnet for trouble. Blackjack said. "Tell me something I don't know, buddy," Percy said and climbed on to Blackjack. "How about we fly around for a while, huh? Would you like that? And once I get permission to get out of camp and visit my mom, I'll get you donuts." Sounds like a good deal to me , Percy heard Blackjack say and take off. And then he was soaring through the sky feeling the wind rush past his face and he felt so free. Flying was like swimming except without the water, absolutely freeing, Percy thought as he continued chatting with Blackjack, exchanging stories. I hope you guys enjoyed the first chapter. Please give a review if you'd like to see more. I'm not really sure about this story. Thanks so much for reading though. And btw, if anyone caught the vampire academy reference there, I love you! The Dam Author Jen