said. "There's not a lot up there. Are you sure, kid?" "I'm sure," I said. I caught her giving me a look in the rear view mirror. "What happened to you?" "I, uh, got in a fight." It was technically true. "You should see the other guy." "And where are you heading in your condition?" "I'm just visiting family." Still true. The woman gave me another look before finally giving up and driving down the street. She didn't seem to be as bothered as the other women who were chasing me. She seemed weary of me, but I didn't feel as though she'd jump me and steal the necklace, which was a good sign. I guess she didn't have that many vanity issues. I made the mistake of actually feeling hopeful. We got down a few blocks before there was a ba-thump on the hood of the cab, and a spear head came through not an inch next to my head. I yelped like a sissy. The driver's scream wasn't much more dignified. "I sssense it! Imenssse power." Hissing. Oh, gods. Seriously ? "What the heck?" The cab driver said. In one harsh move, the roof of the cab peeled away like the lid to a can of sardines, revealing two green snake trunks crafted to the torso a fat lady in a muumuu. A dracaenae. I cursed in ancient Greek. The driver looked as if she was going to have a conniption. "What the world—" "Pigeon!" I said, praying that the Mist would lend me some help. "An ugly, aggressive, mutant pigeon. With a knife?" "Give me the necklace!" the dracaenae roared. "I know you have it. Where isss it?" I pulled out my sword. "Nice pigeon. Back away nicely." The snake woman lunged for me with her spear. I managed to block her blades before they connected with my chest. We fought, if you could call it fighting. The backseat was too tight of a space to do much of anything. All I could do was block her blows (she was pretty quick for a snake lady of her size) and kick her repeatedly, which made me feel like a little kid fighting on the playground, but it annoyed her, which distracted her, so that was an advantage. But the dracaenae was easily 300 pounds and she was pushing all of that weight onto me. There was no way I could push her off. And it didn't help that the driver started whipping her red cap into the backseat blinding, sometimes hitting the monster, sometimes hitting me. I was too distracted to noticed that she'd let go of the wheel completely. I got a cut on my cheek and a pretty bad gash on my arm and stomach before I finally managed to decapitate her with my sword. She erupted into yellow sand, leaving behind only her spear and purple muumuu. Worst spoils of war, ever . Grimacing, I pushed the muumuu to the floor. "Well," I said. "That was—" The cabbie shrieked, and the car swerved. I fell onto the back seat, nearly impaling myself with my sword. The cab skidded and slammed into a light pole, passenger's side first. The crunching of wood and metal rang in my ears. I shook the stars in the corner of my vision away and rubbed my head. The cab driver muttered something unintelligible; her shoulders were shaking. "That's it!" she moaned. "I can't do this." She got out of the damaged vehicle and marched down the street. I climbed out after her. "Wait!" I called. "I have to get to my family's house." The lady was shaking her head. "Drive yourself. I'm out of here!" "Drive? I'm fourteen! What about your job?" "I don't care! I'm sick of this happening to me!" Then she left, muttering to herself about mutant pigeons and horrible customers. I hoped she was going to be okay. I inspected the damage to the cab. It looked like Hades, but it was probably still drivable. We'd crashed into a light pole outside of a McHales. Pedestrians stopped to stare at me before shaking their heads and moving along. That had to be the Mist's doing. There was no other reason why mortals didn't see this mess. The people inside the restaurant ere all staring out of the window, curios and a little confused. I smiled and waved, like Nothing to see here. Carry on. A few of them left the window and went on about their business. One customer rushed out of the restaurant, a panicked look on his face. They probably saw through the Mist and wanted to be the first to snap a picture and Tweet about the wreck. But when I saw who it was, I gasped. "Percy?" "Kai?" His eyes darted between me in the busted cab, trying to make sense of the scene. "What happened? What happened to the cab driver?" I laughed—partially because this whole situation was insane and I was lucky to still be alive, partially because I was just happy to see him. "It's a long story. I'm being chased and I have to get to camp five minutes ago and the cab driver sorta… fled. I think she had a nervous breakdown." Percy's brow furrowed, and I could tell that he was thinking. "Okay," he said finally. " Okay. I can help you. You can explain everything later." I was far too tired to turn his offer down. More monsters were coming. I needed all the help I could get, and Percy Jackson was the best help I could think of. "All right," I said, staring back at the cab. "But I gotta warn you, there are more monsters and women coming after me, so we have to go right now, but I don't want to endanger any more mortal cab drivers. So how—" Just then, my bad idea light bulb popped over my head. I looked up at Percy. "You got your driver's license, right?"