and put it back on his head. "Clarisse is a bully. I wasn't going to let her bully anyone else." The blond smiled and offered Philip his hand. "I'm Jason. Jason Grace." Philip took the outstretched hand and shook it. "I'm Philip Cadoc-Caldwell. Nice to meet you." "Nice to meet you too, Phil." The second time he came around, he was able to open his eyes and his limbs didn't feel as heavy as they did before. Percy blinked his eyes open, wincing at the bright light. Once his eyes adjusted to the harsh light, he took in his surroundings. He was in a small white hospital room with all sorts of wires hooked up to him. The window shades were open and his 'marvelous' view of the outside world was a brick wall. Beautiful. His left leg was in a cast and every time he took a breath his ribs felt like they were on fire. He tried to sit up but a hand stopped him. "Woah there." An almost cheerful voice said. "Don't try and sit up. You're still recovering from surgery. You don't want to mess up your stitches." Percy looked at the guy and was surprised to see how young he looked. He looked like a teenager still in high school rather than a doctor fresh out of med school. Dressed in navy blue scrubs, the small blond didn't look any older then seventeen. Could seventeen year olds work in a hospital? Percy wasn't sure but the guy looked like a ray of sunshine. "What happened?" Percy croaked, his throat raw from lack of use. Sunshine, or whatever is name is, handed him a glass of water and wrote stuff down on his chart. "You were in a car accident a few days ago. You've been in and out of consciousness. Do you remember anything?" Percy tried to think back to what he last remembered but shook his head. "I don't remember anything from the accident." "Well you're pretty lucky to be alive. You almost bled out but you're gonna be okay. The doctor will be in here shortly to see you and explain things." Sunshine offered him a smile. "So you mean you're not my doctor?" Percy asked. "Nope. My dad is. I'm just his assistant. I'm a senior, I only work here for a few hours after school and on the weekends." Sunshine explained. "Good afternoon, Mr. Jackson." Sunshine's dad, Percy guessed, said walking into the room, taking the chart from his son and looked over it. "Great to see you're finally awake. I'm Dr. Apollo Solace. This is my son Will. How you feeling today?" "I hurt all over. I don't really remember anything from the accident." "That's understandable. You did bang up your head pretty badly and suffered a concussion but you seem to be healing pretty well. You have a few broken ribs, a broken leg and your wrist is fractured. The cut on your head is healing up nicely. You did have a liver laceration but we were able to repair it. We want to run a few more tests on you just to make sure everything's okay then we'll talk about a date you'll be able to go home." "When will I be able to swim again?" Percy asked. Dr. Solace sighed. "Not anytime soon I'm afraid. Your mother mentioned you had a guaranteed spot in the Olympics for swimming. I'm sorry, Mr. Jackson, but I don't see that happening any time soon. Not with your injuries." "But Dr. Solace, please." Percy begged. "I have to swim. I need this!" "You were just in a very serious car accident and almost lost your life. I think your health is more important than being in the Olympics. Now, I'm sorry, but you won't be swimming anytime soon. That's the end of this conversation. Maybe in a year, but not now." Percy sighed. "One more question." "Yes?" "Can you tell me who came in my room since I've been out?" Apollo turned to Will. "You've been keeping an eye on him lately. Has anyone been in his room?" "Uh, yeah." Will thought back. "Your mom and stepdad, a guy who claimed to be your friend Nico and his half-sister Hazel. And I think I remember a guy named Frank stopping by." "Anyone else?" Percy asked. "Not that I know of. Hoping for someone specific?" "It's just," Percy sighed. "I thought I heard someone, a guy, talking to me while I was out of it. He seemed to know me but I didn't recognize his voice. I was just wondering if I dreamed it or something." "Unless he stopped by while I was at school I haven't seen him. I'll ask the other nurses if they've seen anyone. You sure you didn't recognize the voice?" "I'm sure. He had a California accent and he spoke kind of weirdly." "Weirdly?" Apollo raised an eyebrow. "Weirdly how?" "It was as if like.." Percy didn't know how to explain it. "It was like I hadn't seen him in years. He mentioned how I looked exactly the same as I did before but I wasn't the same guy as I was before when he knew me. He also called me another name; Philip Caldwell. I don't know who that is." "You could've been dreaming." Apollo suggested. "Sometimes dreams can feel real. Will can ask the nurses if they seen anyone come in the room. But don't worry about it too much. Hopefully you'll get to go home soon and then you can worry about getting better. I hope you feel better soon, Percy. The nurses will be in here soon to take some more tests." Apollo offered him a smile and left the room. "I think he thinks I'm crazy." "I don't think you're crazy." Will said. "I've heard stories about coma patients being able to hear things around them. I'll check and see if anyone's been in here." "Thanks, Will." Will smiled. "Don't mention it."