all a song she picked up from her alisi. She picks at her hamburger, not totally okay with eating an innocent. Leo makes corny jokes, doing his fair share of keeping the party alive. After that night Piper and Jason become more acquainted. Jason learns to make a vegetable based soup, and Piper says an ample amount of words to him. It never dawned on Piper how handsome Jason was until she saw him in the sunlight. Stolen glances and accidental glimpses of skin play their fair share in Piper's growing attraction. Jason on the other hand has known all along, but he prefers to be a gentleman. Except he's not obtuse, and he sees Piper's eyes when they linger. Passion and vigor ensue when they first kiss, when he kisses her soul, and in the soul-binding movements that Jason learns Piper likes. She spends four months in Jason's cabin. When she returns to the land of the living she finds out that she had been proclaimed dead and there was an active search for her body. She wasn't expecting that much, considering her mother and father never worried about her, especially since her eighteenth birthday. Maybe four months of radio silence was too much? In her defense Jason didn't have cell reception, or like a calendar. She would joke with him that this was a the perfect place to hold a hostage and he would joke that he already is. Every now and again he would bring in a paper and tell her she was on the front cover but she was content being just Piper, rather than the Piper McLean. Either way minutes after she stepped into the busy streets of Santa Monica she had cell phone cameras on her and flabbergasted stares. Eventually a little girl came up to her and yelled out "Piper McLean! You're alive! Everybody, she's alive!" And just like that peace and serenity be gone. Police officers and paparazzi and questions.. oh so many questions. A few weeks passed before it become calm again. Her parents, who had in several interviews cried her poor pretty heart out, didn't bat an eye when Piper told her that she was going to school in New York. Piper could pay for it herself but she didn't mind the fact her sorry father was more than willing to take credit for being the one to put her through college. There, she meets a very serious, workaholic, perhaps a bit overachieving blonde with whom she has nothing in common with except for her dorm. When Piper arrived the girl hardly blinked at her, handed her a list of nonnegotiable rules, told her to make her own if she really wanted to, and kept her distance. Beth she calls herself. Her grey eyes are hard and calculating. She says all but three words to Piper a day. Piper makes fast friends on the boy Beth is mentoring, Frank. They share jokes about how intimidating she is. Frank is lovely and sweet, no more threatening than about baby panda. He hardly drinks but the first time he does he opens up about being an orphan and the last of his line. His heartbreak is fresh, Piper tears up when he sighs and says that pain fades but scars last forever. He shakily smiles and raises his glass. She never sees him cry again, but she remembers that night clearly, it tugs at her when she sees sadness flash in eyes. The first time she sees Beth smile is when a floppy headed green eyed boy cracks a stupid joke about a porpoise and what he's doing with his life. He smells like sea breeze and his smile never falters. Piper thinks that Percy is perfect for Beth, the yin to her yang, so to speak. It makes Piper happy to see that she isn't as stoic and cold as she was when the first met. Beth even joked with her once. Granted it was about the pythagorean theorem and Piper had no what she was talking about, Beth lit up like a light. When Percy sees Annabeth laugh; only he can call her that; it's like something is igniting within him. He swears it's like listening to fairies twinkle. She might not know it yet, but one day Percy will call her his wife. He knows this like he knows that her nose crinkles when she laughs. This is the girl he used to dream of. This is the girl he has waited for. He sees her for more than her tense shoulders and death glare. Other people think he must be out of his mind. Such an easy going fun guy, falling in love with the most driven and stoic girl on campus. It's only because they don't know her like he does. They don't understand why she ticks and why she is so closed up. And that's more than okay. What nobody sees is that he never broke her wall down, he asked her permission before he built a door. He thinks that's all she ever wanted; for someone to want to understand her without prying her bare. To Annabeth, Percy is unique that way. He doesn't want what's best for him, and he doesn't look for the easy way out. He takes his time, yet he's hardly deliberate. He allowed Annabeth to fall for him by her own accord. Annabeth sees in him the one thing she never thought she would find: solace. She click clacks in dead of night, she is relaxed, Percy's heavy breathing fills her room. A small mirror hangs in the far corner. She is no longer haunted by her mother, instead she feels peace. flames burn bright in the hearts of many ashes lie dormant in her chest cavity burned rose petals are no longer crimson red the reddest flower of all is now fed loss is great, loss is dire yet we need not mourn things we lost in the fire