not surprised at all" "Wow, this is beautiful," Nico said as Apollo showed him around his small palace. "I can't wait to share all of this with you," he said, bringing Nico closer to him by his waist. Nico laid his hands on Perseus' chest, "Neither can I," he said and leaned forward to kiss his lover. Perseus captured Hyacinthus' lips in his own and they kissed slowly and sensually, "I love you," Nico said as he drew back from the kiss, "As do I," Perseus replied. "Olympus! Apollo! It's been so long since the last time I saw you," A voice yelled as Apollo and Hyacinthus stepped out of the palace. "Hemera? Yes, it has! You haven't been on Olympus in a long time," Apollo said to a woman with hazel eyes and flawless chocolate skin. Hyacinthus burned with envy as he saw his god talk with a beauty who was also his friend and who could also provide him heirs. "Give us a minute, eh, love?" Apollo whispered, touching his cheek and Hyacinthus nodded, walking a bit and finding a bench to sit on. A breeze brushed past him towards the east. "Zephyros," he thought to himself and turned to the direction of the breeze. Sure enough, the handsome god was seated by Hyacinthus' side with a last grin. "What are you doing here?" Nico asked. "Is that the way to greet a suitor, Hyacinthus?" Zephyros asked. Nico rolled his eyes, "I already have a suitor who I love very much." "Huh, doesn't look like he reciprocates." Zephyros said, nodding his head at the direction of Apollo and Hemera. They were laughing and talking, Hemera's hands making quick contact with Apollo's body. Jealousy stirred within him. This beautiful goddess was trying to attract Apollo's attention towards herself. "Did you know they used to be lovers, once? Until she broke it off. Apollo was devastated," Zephyros said. "That was then. He has me now," Hyacinthus whispered, doubt leaking through his voice. "Look at how he's touching her. Doesn't look like a faithful man in love," Zephyros said, "I wouldn't do that, if I were in his place. If you were to be mine, I wouldn't leave you alone or hurt you so," he said. Nico overhead some of the conversation. "I've heard you've taken a lover," Hemera said with a mischievous smile on her face, "How many lovers are you going to take before you get tired, Apollo? You know we'd make a great couple. I've come to take you back. It was a bad decision to break up the first time." "Philtatos," Apollo replied, scathingly. "Huh?" was Hemera's very articulate response. " That lover, as you so put it, he's my philtatos, my beloved, my everything. What we had was a long time ago Hemera, it's over, I've moved on a found someone to give my heart to," Apollo said and walked away. Nico grinned dumbly. "I thought he made it clear he was mine," Apollo hissed as he reached Hyacinthus and took him into his arms. Zephyros rolled his eyes, "I'm not going to stop trying," he said. "Apollo, Perseus, yes," Nico said, looking at Apollo with utmost love. "Yes? Yes to wha . . . oh! OH! YES? Did you really say Yes?" Apollo yelled out in joy. Nico nodded vigorously and Apollo spun Nico around and hugged him. "Okay, Okay, tonight? Alright? You'll become immortal tonight," Apollo said. Immortality? Zephyros thought, not on my watch. "Come one, Perseus, bring it on," Nico said, grinning. Apollo and Hyacinthus were playing quoits. Nico had insisted since he'd never played it before and he'd found he quite liked it after a few rounds. "Alright, I don't know if you're going to catch this," Apollo said, throwing the discus. Nico ran after it, Perseus filled shivers go down his back, no he thought. Nico felt the wind change direction, he heard a scream "NICO! HYACINTHUS! NO!" The discus flew towards him. THUNK! Nico saw black. Perseus saw Nico's body fall limp, the discus splattered with blood a few feet from him. Apollo materialized in time to only catch Hyacinthus' body. His eyes were closed, his head dented in the side where the discus had hit him. "No! Hyacinthus, wake up! Please!" Apollo pleaded, laying Nico's limp figure on the now bloodied grass. "I can fix this, I can fix this," Apollo said and kept both his hands on Hyacinthus and whispered healing spells, but nothing could heal death. "Why isn't this working?!" Apollo cried out in aggravation and collapsed on Nico's still, lifeless body. "Please, please, my love. Wake up, call me Perseus once more. We were supposed to be together forever," He cried, his body wracking with sobs. A shadow fell over Apollo and he looked up, "Thanatos," he whispered, "NO! You will not take him away from me," Apollo yelled, clutching Hyacinthus' body to him as if it were a lifeline. "His soul needs to go, Apollo. You need to give him body to me so that I can take it," Thanatos tried to reason. "NO," Apollo yelled, "He will be reincarnated, and his life, eternal," he said and kissed Hyacinthus' forehead. Apollo started humming again a steady stream of tears falling from his face onto the grass. Beautiful flowers emerged from the ground, tear shapes on them, caused by Apollo. "I name this flower, Hyacinth. He will forever roam through this world generation after generation just as he was meant to do by my side," Apollo said. "Now if you will excuse me, I have to return him to his family and burn Zephyros," Apollo said, his eyes glinting with madness and anger. He gently took Hyacinthus in his arms and disappeared into sunlight. Hope you guys liked this! Do review! Your reviews give me life. This is my contribution for the second prompt in the project. Go check em out on Tumblr. Stay tuned for more. Peace out Jen Daughter of Poseidon (P.S. REVIEW! :)