to replace several parts. Rachel groaned while looking over the worn ropes. "Why are we doing this? Let's just shoot-" "Quiet!" Octavian looked over at the guard. "He's stupid but we don't want him getting any bad feelings about us if we can help it, alright?" Rachel huffed, "Alright." "I'll gather some wood and we'll see if we can't get this to fire at least once." Rachel nodded, "Let me see your bow and arrows." "Why?" Octavian said defensively. "Because you also have throwing knives and I'm defenseless." She tapped her foot. "So?" "So what? You're the Princess. You don't need to defend against your own men." She reached forward, despite Octavian's pretests, "Just... C'mon… Gods, finally. Now go collect some woods." Octavian stuck out his tongue as he trudged over to the edge of the clearing and began searching for suitable wood. Three hours later, after helping an elf hunt so that Octavian could have the guy's hatchet, Octavian had cut the wood he needed and the catapult was looking less terrible than three hours prior. The rope was a loss, but Rachel was certain that they could get at least one shot out of it. Octavian had less faith, but he loaded the catapult with a barrel of explosives nevertheless. "I hope we aimed it right," said Rachel. "Ready?" "Anytime." Then Octavian unlatched the bowl of the weapon and sent the barrel flying. Everyone in the forest heard the barrel hit its target, and the smoke rose high in the sky. Rachel whistled. Octavian simply watched as the fire spread. Not for long, though, as the guards came running. "Run," Octavian said. Rachel turned, "This way!" She dove into the trees, and Octavian was close on her heels. They sped through the woods, barely clearing traps as they ran past. Behind the two, Heilo soldiers cried out for blood. They ran faster, not caring where they were headed so long as it was away from the oncoming army. "I think I see a camp up ahead. Hopefully the Elves will protect us!" Octavian nodded, and as they rounded a pitfall trap, his foot caught a trap and several spikes cut into his calf. He yelped and fell to his knees. Rachel stopped and grabbed his arm, "We need to keep going. Now." "I know, I just-gods!" He stumbled to his feet, Rachel helping him as well, then they continued toward the Elf camp. Rachel had been right, and the Heilons stopped before they came too close to the Elves' territory. She breathed a sigh of relief as the Elves came running over to them. Rachel ascended to the throne the following morning and handed it over the Elves that afternoon. The new Elf King let Rachel stay in the castle. Octavian stayed there as well, as he needed to recover from the poison on the spike trap. The Elven healers worked their magic (literally) on his leg, and even though he was bedridden for now, he would make a full recovery. Rachel stayed by his bed until he woke up, though. After all, she had a payment to collect on. Once he could walk on his leg, Octavian and Rachel traveled back to Armen to collect his reward. The two agreed to take a boat from a once-secret now-legal Elven port around to Armen, where they made their way to King Smith. The King sat in his throne, head rested on his fist, and looked down on Octavian as the assassin recounted his story. King James Smith had dark skin and a shaved head and wore deep purple robes, making him look serious and regal on his throne. The King sighed, "I suppose you want the reward I promised you, hm?" "Yes, your highness." Octavian had been kneeling before the King the entire time he'd been in the throne room and had started to wonder if he would ever be allowed to rise. "Well alright then. Ten thousand gold pieces, and no more. You may collect it once you leave the room." The King turned to his advisor beside him and mumbled something, then the advisor took his leave. "Thank you, your highness." Octavian bowed his head even further. "Mmm, whatever. Please leave." Octavian nodded and backed out of the throne room, turning only as he reached the threshold. As the heavy double doors slammed behind him, a halberd nearly took his head off. Octavian yelped and countered, then used the halberd to slam the guard who had attacked him. A second guard lunged. Octavian dodged, rolled forward, and cleaved the man's hip. While the guards were dazed, Octavian took his chance to bolt from the castle. Rachel waited for him outside, and he took her hand and ran. She didn't have to ask what had happened, she only huffed, "This is just like Armonian royalty if you ask me." "I'm not!" He yelled. They crossed through the market square, "Not what?" Octavian pushed passed people and ducked through an alley to avoid more guards, "Not asking you!" It took rounded several more corners before they lost the King's men. The two ran out of the city, Octavian's leg flaring in pain. Once they felt that they were a safe distance from the city, they halted. "So," Rachel laughed, "Where should we adventure off to next?" Octavian stared at her for a brief moment, incredulous, then he laughed hesitantly, "Why don't we just go live with the Elves for now?" They chartered a ship with the last of Rachel's runaway-royalty cash she had stashed away, and in the end decided to explore Deaphnroks, where Michael welcomed the pair with open arms. My first Octachel fic, and my first fic in awhile. I hope you all enjoyed it! The idea behind it came originally from the RuneScape quest "Regicide", as well as "Catapult Construction" and "Underground Pass." I'm going to work on some solangelo stuff and more octachel things as well. Lots of AUs. See you guys later! ^u^