said, giving the waitress a few tables away a sly smile as she looked his way. Yup same old Leo. "I told you lover boy was still in Elysium waiting for you. You need to learn how to trust me." "The last time I trusted you, we got kicked out of a random person's wedding by security and got threatened to be arrested just because you thought you could pretend you knew the bride just so we could get free cake and food because we were broke starving college kids." Jason gave Leo a look causing Leo and everyone at the table to laugh out. "You two are such idiots. Remind me why we're still friends with you two?" Piper said taking a sip of her tea. "Because you love us dearly." Leo gave Piper a sly smile. "No. It's not that." Annabeth shook her head and looked thoughtful. "I'm pretty sure its the fact that you always fix our car for us when something goes wrong." Leo pouted and Annabeth and Piper laughed. Leo just rolled his eyes. "Thanks guys. This is friendship. I feel real appreciated." Jason smiled at his group of friends. Nothing's changed, they're all still the same people he saved the world with and love dearly. This and Ethan is all he needs in life to be happy now. He doesn't need to be married and in love to be happy. As long as Percy's waiting for him on the other side, he guesses he can wait. Jason's eight-four, sixty seven years since the war with Gaea, when he's finally reunited with his lover. Jason wasn't afraid to die, he welcomed death like an old fried, Yeah, he hated to leave his son Ethan, Ethan's husband Jude, all four of his grand kids, and his first great grandchild behind, but he was ready to finally see the love of his life again after so many years. He lived an exceptional long life for a demigod. Most don't make it to their twenties with the constant monster attacks and such, but Jason along with his friends, were some of the lucky ones. He didn't get to live the life he exactly wanted, he didn't get to grow old with his love, but he did get to have a son and watch him grow and get married and have kids of his own and a grandchild. He did get to live to see his grandchildren and tell them stories of his and everyone's lives. He did get to see the birth of his first great grandchild. He's going to miss his family but he knows he'll meet up with them later on and most importantly, he knows who's waiting for him in Elysium. "Ethan, there's no need to worry. I'm gonna be okay. I know where I'm going and I know who's there waiting for me. Everything's gonna be okay." Jason gave his son a warm smile and Ethan gave him a watery smile in return and took his father's hand in his, "I know you're gonna be okay Dad." Ethan tried not to cry. "I'm gonna miss you so much. You've always been here for me, it's gonna be hard not having you around anymore. I love you Dad.." Jason gave his son a smile and squeezed his hand, "I love you too Ethan. You always have been and always will be my little boy. You'll be okay, you have Jude and your kids and grandchild. Take care buddy." "Tell Percy I sad hello.." Jason smiled and nodded. "I'll make sure of it." "You better wait for me old man, I wanna meet this Percy guy, make sure he's up to standards." Ethan hugged his Dad one last time and cried. Jason returned the hug weakly, "Don't worry Ethan, I don't plan on being separated from him anytime soon after so many years apart." "See you later Dad.." Jason gave Ethan's hand one last squeeze, "See you later Ethan." And with that, Jason closed his eyes one last time and let death take him. The first thing Jason notices as soon as he finishes with the judges is how beautiful Elysium is. The second thing he notices is that he looks like his twenty something year old self again which is refreshing. He really didn't wanna greet Percy again as an old man, Gods know what Percy would say. The third thing he notices is a figure with his back turned to him, standing outside the gates looking into Elysium. "Long time no see Superman." Jason's heart skips a beat and smile makes its way onto his face at the sound of the voice he missed oh so much. He walks over to stand next to the figure, smiling at the view in front of him. "Beautiful isn't it?" "Why haven't you gone in yet?" "I've been waiting for the love of my life so we could walk in together." The male turned towards Jason smiling. "I can't go in without my Blond Superman." Jason smiled and hugged Percy tight. Percy returned the hug and kissed his head. "I missed you so much you idiot." "I'm sorry..for everything. I couldn't risk hurting anyone else. I couldn't forgive myself if I hurt you." "You did hurt me. You hurt me real bad." Percy looked down but Jason grabbed his chin in his hand, making him look back up at him. "But none of that matters anymore. You're here, I'm finally here. I finally have you back now, we can be together again. No monsters, no Gods, or fates messing with us. Just us two together in Elysium." Percy smiled and pulled Jason closer to him and kissed him, Jason eagerly returned the kiss. "Hmm.." Percy said between kisses, "spending the rest of eternity in paradise with my favorite blond..doesn't sound too bad." Jason pulled him into another quick kiss. Percy took his hand in his and together, hand in hand, they walked into Elysium together. Finally reunited.