taking Nico's lips captive again, kissing him softly as if he were fragile as glass. Percy got on his knees and kissed Nico fervently, pushing him back so that Nico's back rested on the leg of Percy's bad. Percy's hands cupped Nico's face as he kissed him, leaving small breaks so that they could take a few breaths. Nico's hands roamed Percy's back and one tried to sneak inside Percy's shirt and met with a ridge. Percy froze and pulled away, "Um, maybe, don't just do that," Percy said, sheepishly, looking at Nico. "I was wondering before. Is there a reason why you never swim without the swim shirt?" Nico asked. Percy rubbed his neck, "I'm scarred Nico. My body's riddled with scars. Before my dad came into the picture, that dirt bag of a man used to physically abuse me," Percy said, softly, tears threatening to fall out of his eyes. He hated to think about those times. He had a wonderful family right now. He was loved and wealthy and cared for and he was happy but the past always haunted him. Nico gasped, "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to push you. Can-can I see?" Nico asked, cautiously. Percy shook his head, "Sorry," he said. "No, no! That's completely fine. Umm . . . I understand. I'm . . . I'm scarred too," Nico said. "How?" Percy breathed. Nico steeled himself, "When Bianca died, I was so depressed I took to cutting. But I'm fine now. I've been clean for three years," Nico said. "Where did you, you know?" Percy asked. "My thighs, mostly. They were usually covered so no one noticed. Except when Hazel walked in on me the third time I did it. She straight up bawled her eyes out talking about how this was all her fault and it should've been Bianca that lived and not her," Nico replied. "Why should it have been Hazel?" Percy asked, confused. "I may have watered it down earlier. Bianca pushed Hazel out of the way. Hazel didn't see the van coming. Hazel spent a few days in the hospital but Bianca died on impact. She was feeling so guilty but the damn broke when she saw me do it," Nico replied. "That was my wake up call," Nico continued, "I got my shit together, told my dad and he got me the help I required." "Nico, wow, I didn't know. I'm so sorry," Percy said. "Where are you scarred?" Nico whispered. "From my neckline till up to my thighs. Gabe didn't want anybody to notice that I was being abused. So he went out of his way to make sure the scars were in covered area," Percy replied, swallowing. "Then my dad came, saved the day and all and I told him everything. I don't know why I did but it helped a lot and now I'm fine too," Percy said, smiling wryly. "We're both broken, huh?" Nico chuckled, drily. "I guess you could say that. Looks like we were made for each other," Percy said, moving closer to Nico. "That is so cheesy, Jackson!" Nico laughed and kissed Percy again chastely. "Wanna cuddle?" Percy asked, getting up on to his bed and holding a hand out for Nico. "You're so adorable," Nico said and got into bed with him, their limbs tangled together. "We have to talk about you being an exchange student though. We only have a few months left before you have to go back to Italy," Percy said. "My father is thinking of permanently staying here. He likes the place and has a good clientele base here. He's decided to shift his headquarters to here instead of Italy," Nico breathed against Percy's lips, kissing them again. "As of next year, I'll be here as an actual student. If all goes well," Nico said, "It's not all done yet, still in the process," Nico said. "That's perfect," Percy smiled against Nico's lips and kissed the base of his throat. "Percy, your mom wants to—Oh and what have we got here?" Poseidon said as the two boys sprung apart, a blush visible on each of their places. "How long has this been going on for?" Poseidon asked, his eyes mischievous. "I just asked him to be my boyfriend, dad," Percy said, rolling his eyes. "Hmm, is that so?" Poseidon asked. "Daad!" Percy whined. "Don't whine, son. I didn't raise you like that," Poseidon said. "You didn't raise me at all," Percy points at him accusingly. "You wound my heart, Perseus," Poseidon said, dramatically clenching his heart. "Your name is Perseus? Seriously?" Nico asked, snorting. "Shut up. My mom had some insane idea that since my dad had been nick named as a freaking greek god, I should be named after a demigod," Percy said. "And Perseus wasn't even a demigod son of Poseidon. He was a son of Zeus," Poseidon moaned. "Was he now? I don't know. Mom said something about him being the only heroic demigod who had a happy ending," Percy said, thoughtfully. "Looks like you have yours now," Poseidon said, smiling at the boys. "Shall I tell Sally or will you?" Poseidon asked. "I will do it. But after sometime. I don't want to share my Nico as of now," Percy said. " Your Nico, huh?" Nico asked, predatorily. "Yes," Percy whispered, "Mine." "And that's my queue to get the heck outta here. Come down in five," Poseidon said, moving away. "I'd love to be yours, Percy," Nico said, sealing the deal with another kiss among many that they've shared. Hope you guys liked that. Please do review. Like seriously. It's very hard to come up with new ideas and reviews help me stay inspired. So please do take a minute of your time to share your thoughts. It helps me write better content. Because I'm getting frustrated with all of this radio silence and losing interest in writing which causes my writer's block. I hate that. Love Jen Daughter of Poseidon