repulsive, like Clovis, or maybe—" "Drew." Piper interrupted, like a guardian angel. She nodded at Jason and Leo to continue to go on without her. I thought I saw Leo's eyes linger on me for a second with a look of concern, but it was probably my rational teenage girl imagination running away from me. "What are you up to, Drew?" Piper asked. "We were just catching up," Drew said quickly. "Right girls?" Drew's followers nodded and agreed like trained little dogs. Female dogs, specifically. Piper looked like she didn't buy it. "Well, I believe you're not causing trouble. Because you wouldn't want to be on garbage patrol for the whole week, right?" Drew gulped, nodded, and headed towards the dining pavilion, her lackeys following in silence. I looked at Piper gratefully as Lacy greeted her with a hug. "Can you teach me how to shut her up like that, or is that just a child of Aphrodite thing?" Piper laughed and put a hand on my shoulder. "Don't let Drew get to you. She'll only be here for a week." "A lot of things can happen in a week," I mumbled as we headed to the pavilion. "Like I can kill her in a week." Dinner was good, but lonely at the Poseidon table. That wasn't anything new, but I still felt exposed during dinner, like at any moment there would be a spotlight on me and an announcer's voice would shout, "And in this corner, from Honolulu, weighing in as something laughable I'm sure, The Lonely Loser Who Shouldn't Have Been Born!" But dinner was just a delicious speed bump in the way of the real fun: the campfire. I sat with Leo, Nyssa, and the rest of cabin nine. Jason and Piper were off together, holding hands and having some real sweet couple time, Will was singing with his siblings about all the bottles of ambrosia on the wall, Lou Ellen sat in front in case Rachel had a prophetic episode and needed to be caught before she fell. Lacy would have sat with us, but Drew pulled her to sit with Drew's group instead, and give me the stink eye. I returned the gesture, along with a little hand gesture featuring my favorite finger. At least Lacy got to sit with Mitchell, another nice Aphrodite kid. I tried to have fun and joke around, but it wasn't easy when I could hear snippets of Drew's conversation behind my back, still talking about me and which guy my ugliness was most compatible with. I wanted to toss melted marshmallows in her perfect hair and see her have to chop it all off when she couldn't wash them out, but that would get me dish washing duty for a week (been there, done that, no thanks). Besides, that'd be a waste of delicious marshmallows. So I did my best to ignore her. Leo was funny as usual; he'd say something ridiculously hilarious/hilariously inappropriate and I'd burst out laughing and hit him playfully in the arm. We did this most nights; it gave me something to look forward to during the long slog that is dinner at table three. The Apollo cabin finished the song and the camp cheered, the bonfire flames turning a vibrant shade of green, my favorite color. The Apollo camper strummed their guitars and Lyres and began their next song, This land was Minos's land . "Spoiler alert," Leo muttered. "All the land was Minos's land." I chuckled at that. As the Apollo cabin sang the song, I overheard one of Drew's friends say, "…maybe it's that Valdez guy?" I froze. "Oh, puh-lease," I heard Drew say. "Even that grease monkey is way too good for her." My fist clenched. I turned and glared at Drew. She smiled back at me, like she'd just won some stupid game. I probably would have called her something fairly appropriate—like a skunk bag or something— and punch her in stomach, if someone in the crowd hadn't gasped loudly enough and got everyone's attention. Up front, Rachel Dare was bent over as if she'd just been socked in the gut. One of the Apollo kids reach out to make sure she was okay, but then Rachel shot up and stood stiff as a board. She fixed her toxic green eyes directly on a spot above my head, and my stomach dropped. I looked to see what Rachel was looking at, and was rendered speechless for the second time today. Rachel—the Oracle—was staring at Drew Tanaka. Everyone around Drew scooted three feet away from, as if they'd just learned that Drew had some kind of disease. As for Drew, she looked so thoroughly stunned that she didn't speak or move. Through Rachel, the Oracle spoke: "You shall sail south towards the land in full bloom Destroy twins' bane to halt impending doom Spirits of slaughter and battle you must brave And marauders at sea, their flag of bones wave Companioned by the daughters of sea and war And the elder god's child shall be no more." The glow faded and Rachel collapsed, but Lou and a few others caught her before she hit the ground. They sat her upright again and, fanning her and giving her some water to drink. Everyone was silent for a beat, staring from Drew to Rachel to me before erupting into a roar of a dozen campers talking over each other and asking a million questions. Chiron was trying to calm everyone down, but I didn't hear any of them. I stared at the bonfire as it sputtered and grew with the nervous energy of the camp. Even though it was spring and the camp had weather controlled boarders, I felt as if the air dropped ten degrees. My head was spinning. I could barely form a coherent thought. But three things were clear to me: Drew Tanaka was just giveb a quest, I was destined to join her, and I was destined to die.