and thought better of it. Chiron was thousands of years old. He'd probably picked up some theatrical tricks along the way. Chiron gestured to the empty seat in front of him, and Nico sat down obligingly. "So, Nico, I think we both realize that something should be done about this," Chiron began. "You know I don't do it on purpose. I'm not even allowed to." "Will Solace has forbidden you from practicing your powers, yes," Chiron said with a smile. "Word travels fast when the entire camp is obsessed with you two." Nico reddened and scrambled for a reply. "People are, uh, obsessed with us, you say?" "Quite, but let's leave that for another day. Right now, we need a solution for whatever has been happening with you." Nico nodded gratefully, patting his cheeks so that they would cool down. He turned to the door as he heard a series of knocks on the door. Chiron shouted, "Come in!" and Will stuck his head through the door. Nico's cheeks reddened again. Why now, Solace? "Will!" Chiron exclaimed amiably. "Here for Nico, I assume?" At least the Fates had a sense of justice. Will's cheeks reddened too, but his voice was steady when he said, "Yes, Chiron. I've been thinking it could be medical." "Medical?" the centaur repeated, raising an eyebrow. "Yeah," Will said. "You know, a mood disorder or something. Nico always sits alone, and I thought maybe it had an effect on his mood or feelings?"" Chiron turned to Nico. "Well, what do you say, Nico? Is that the case?" Nico frowned, thinking hard. "I don't know. Maybe?" "Well, we can't break the seating rule unless we're absolutely sure it's detrimental to your health-" "How about we give it a try?" Will interrupted, sounding a little desperate. Nico gave him a look and he composed himself. "Let's give it a day. Nico can sit at the Apollo table tomorrow and we'll see what happens," he continued in a much calmer tone. "The Apollo table, you say?" Chiron asked with a smile. "And it would, of course, be for simply medical reasons. You two would never lie or use your powers to get what you desire." Nico had to try hard to hide his twitching lips. "No, of course not!" "Never," Will agreed, looking a little wide-eyed. "Completely health-related." Nico glanced at him and they both shared a worried look- Chiron had seen through it and they were doomed - but the centaur nodded calmly and said, "Very well, then. We shall try it for a few days, and, should it work, the arrangement will be permanent." Nico breathed a sigh of relief, making sure it looked like normal respiration. Will smiled broadly, not even breaking a sweat. "Thank you, Chiron." "But of course," Chiron said. "I would apologise to Valentina if I were you." "I'll keep that in mind," Nico replied, getting up to leave. It took him everything not to betray how ecstatic he was. It had worked. He and Will would sit together now. Will bid Chiron farewell as Nico held the door open. "I'll see you two later," Chiron said with a wave and an impressed grin. "I'm very glad you did not attempt to deceive me just to sit together, but even if you had done that, I would have allowed you out of sheer reverence. It would have been quite impressive." Nico and Will could only stare and stutter as they let the door swing shut. Chiron, during the next few months, never brought it up again. At first they were both mystified, then ecstatic, then laughing so loud it hurt. Will had taken them to the infirmary, and they stayed there until eight o'clock, when Malcolm walked in to tell them that bedtime was in an hour. "I know what you were really doing, by the way," he said, grinning with pride only a child of Athena could possess. "I'm actually impressed." Nico stared and belatedly wondered just how easily people saw right through them. "You aren't going to tell on us?" he asked. "I suppose not," Malcolm replied casually. "You're a friend of Annabeth's and I don't need that girl mauling me for bothering a friend of hers. Besides, you're quite fun to watch when you're together." He went to bed chuckling as Will and Nico stared with stunned silences and rosy cheeks. … The next day, the campers goggled as Nico walked casually to the Apollo table and sat next to Will. Sherman even tried to tell Chiron, but the centaur ignored him, lost in his new book. Will made sure Nico ate everything, and, with his boyfriend next to him, Nico was more than happy to do so. It wasn't until forty minutes had passed that Kayla spoke. She was the first person to say something about them. "Um, Nico, no offense, but… what are you doing here?" Nico glanced at her innocently, and stopped bickering with Will for a second. "Sorry? I didn't catch that." Kayla repeated her question. A few demigods leaned in to hear the answer. Nico smiled a little as a look of comprehension dawned on him. Will appeared to be trying not to laugh. "Oh, that. Just doctor's orders." Then he went back to conversing with his boyfriend as if nothing had happened. So, did you like it? It was my first ever attempt at combined romance and humor, so I apologize if it turned out a little stale. Or maybe it was really really good. I don't know. Drop a review and tell me! :D Also, for the people following these oneshots, I'd like to know- do you want me to give weekly hints as to what the next story will be, or keep it a surprise? Also mention that in a review! For now, I shall leave a hint, and it is this: In next week's oneshot, someone will make his girlfriend as pretty as possible! Until next week, adios! Love, Mariam :)