in defiance of Dad. The hair made her eye shadow pop. "I'm not afraid of that stupid prophecy. It never said when I'm going to die. If I'm going to die—I—I'm going to at least make this family proud before it happens. You… you said you got it a week ago?" "Yea," Euna lied. "You shouldn't go back. It's dangerous to be around gods—" Before she could finish her sentiment, the window to the living room shattered. Irony , she thought, just in time! A 200 pound Brit crashed onto their floor and crushed their basil planter. Joey screamed and grabbed for something to throw. When she realized who it was, she quickly set down the daisy planter and ran to his side. Euna followed after, carefully stepping around the shattered glass. "Calex!" Joey yelped. He groaned. Instead of clutching the side where he landed, he clutched his stomach. "Bloody unicorn…" he groaned. Euna glanced up in enough time to see something sparking in their backyard. Although she couldn't get a good look at red and black stallion, she guessed Vinyl Scratch—a unicorn they'd sort of saved from centaurs—was the one nickering in the dark, rainbow sparks sputtering from its broken horn to occasionally light up his eyes. Euna felt the tension release from her shoulders when the unicorn when to graze on the grass they'd just fixed up. "Either of you have some nectar?" Calex gasped, loud enough to be heard over the squeal of the house alarm. He looked as okay as someone could look after crashing through a window. There was blood from broken glass shards, and he was probably going to bruise horribly from where he'd turned their planter into modern art. Fortunately, no real damage. Calex wore a bright orange Camp Half-Blood shirt, his black scarf, a red and black beanie with an Arsenal logo on it, and jeans. None of that was stained with blood. Just his hands. After they shut off the alarm and gave him some nectar for his bruises, cuts, and stomach—riding Vinyl always made him nauseous—Euna asked, "What are you doing here?" This was somehow less surprising than the hydra, but she figured it was polite to inquire. "I asked him to pick us up and bring us back to camp," Joey explained. "Us? To camp?" Euna repeated, glaring. Next time they went to camp, Euna made a mental note to ask Chiron how much nectar it would take to heal a broken arm. If he asked why, she'd tell him it was for family stress relief. "You didn't need to crash through my window to come get us," Joey said with a wave of the hand. She was blushing. "I didn't exactly plan on having that mad excuse of a horse toss me," Calex grumbled. He stood, stomped over to the window and shook a fist outside. "You do that again, I'll grind you into a burger!" Euna could hear Vinyl Scratch huff outside. "I was fine until he picked a race with some black stallion," Calex said as he stepped back over. Euna frowned, debating on whether or not it would be rude to tell him to take off his shoes. Considering the landmines of former window on their floor, maybe she and Joey were the ones who should consider putting on slippers. He paused, glancing around their living room. Since the tallest person Euna ever saw in this room was her father, Calex looked huge. His grey eyes stood out brilliantly against his ebony skin. "Sorry about the window but, uh, nice place you got here. You could fit a whole herd of centaurs in your backyard." "Thanks," Euna said, staring. He seemed different, moving with more confidence. Maybe happier? She couldn't tell. "I'll go grab my bags!" Joey exclaimed. "We need to get out of here. Dad will be home soon." "I can't meet him?" Calex asked. He almost looked offended. "No!" Both Song sister shouted. They glanced at each other. "You came in through the window," Euna explained. "And we aren't allowed to have boy—people over when he's not here," Joey added. An awkward moment of silence passed. Calex's mouth crinkled, like he wanted to laugh. "Right. No time for tea and cakes then." Joey dashed up the stairs. Euna could envision the next fight Joey would start with Dad now: "Yea Dad, a son of Eros— God of Desire — came by when you weren't here. He snuck through the window. Also, he's got a hot accent!" Euna sighed and walked into the kitchen to grab a pad and paper to write a quick, Hydra broke the window. Went to Camp Half-Blood . Will send word if we're gone for long. "I didn't come here because of Joey's message," Calex said. He had followed her through the house, glancing in admiration at all the pictures of them in various fighting uniforms. Ah good. You're not an idiot, she thought internally. Aloud, she said, "Mm?" "I Iris Messaged Axel to pick up Kally so we could all meet at camp," he continued, mentioning some of the others that had helped save the Oracle a month ago. Euna noted that Calex hadn't said Pax. "Piper and I have been chatting and… I think we know what's going on with the nightmares." Euna set the pen down. She looked at him. From what she knew, no one had told anyone else about their nightmares. None of them had wanted to. He nodded, like reading her thoughts. "I think they're connected to the Traitor's Prophecy." Hey guys! This is the first chapter of the second book in the Traitors of Olympus series, though it will catch you up on the first book as you go. It takes place after the Heroes of Olympus and before Trials of Apollo. This is a teaser chapter, as I will actually start posting weekly towards the beginning of July. Please let me know what you think though! :D I hope you enjoy!