bizarre and made Percy want to shout out, "Look out, Leo! You're about to be attacked by the Tin Man!" But the next part wasn't funny. The silver figure wrapped an arm around Leo's neck, picking him up in a chokehold. Although Percy wasn't sure from the awkward angle, the figure seemed to break the hand Leo had on the sword. The image went white as Leo erupted into flames. That part wasn't the scary part. Leo had a tendency to explode into hot stuff. Really, Percy figured that would be the end of the video, with a so long to that sucker to the man in silver. But as the flames died down, Leo wasn't the one left standing. The camera trembled and blurred. When it came back into focus, some other girl knelt beside Leo. The silvery figure appeared unmarred beside her and Leo. He'd taken off his jump suit, revealing the stoic face of Axel Pax. Rage boiled inside Percy. He'd trusted that ex-Kronos jerk and his slimy little brother. He and Annabeth had defended their right to Camp Half-Blood. Hades, he'd even told Connor to sneak in some proper Coca-Cola for them and you never scorned fresh, outside Coca-Cola. By this point, Grover had nibbled off the bottom corner of his shirt. Annabeth's lips were pressed in a firm line as the image froze on the three. Over his time as hero, Percy had heard some pretty creative cusswords from Coach Hedge, various gods, and unsettled guidance counselors. He was about to combine them all. "That—" "There's another one," Annabeth cut him off. She flicked the image away to pull up another video. Leo wasn't in this one. Neither was Axel, or if he was, he was intermixed with a party of people. At first glance, Percy thought it was some kind of celebration at a banquet hall. When Percy noticed the particular bone throne, he realized this was security surveillance footage from the room they were standing in, pre-killer grove. The camera must have been somewhere above the bone throne. In the video, there was a fire pit—where the fallen tree was now—roaring with turquoise flames. Since that was the only lighting and the angle was awkward, Percy couldn't make out much more than the dim figures of party guests at the tables, where he, Annabeth, and Grover were standing now. Facing away from the camera, there was a man in a suit standing by the fire pit, leaning heavily on a cane. Before him were three figures. Without any motion from Annabeth, the image zoomed. Despite the pixilation, Percy could make out the faces of three of their missing campers: Kalypso Cassand, daughter of Apollo, Euna Song, daughter of Demeter, and the slimy dirt bag, Ajax Pax, who had yet to be claimed. They were all armed, looking ready to attack the seemingly feeble man; though, Percy had learned that seemingly feeble men could be shockingly spry. Then he noticed the weapon in the daughter of Demeter's hands. One of Percy's old scars burned. "That's Backbiter!" he cried. "They must have tricked Leo into reforging it," Annabeth said. "Oh! I don't like this," Grover moaned, halfway through eating his shirt now. The image zoomed back out. As it did, the daughter of Demeter raised Kronos's scythe and the room devolved into chaos. Sound kicked in, startling all three of them. Screams. They were quiet in the recording, but at least a dozen people wailed in agony. Percy felt his mouth drop as tree saplings burst through the guests' chests, shoulders, and heads. The man with the cane was the worst. The others were out of focus and darkened in the background. The man was closer, in fancy HD that Percy didn't want, so he could see the man tear leaves from his face. When Euna Song slammed the scythe into the ground, a walnut tree exploded into existence, growing out from inside him and literally tearing the man limb from limb. Once done, the video stopped and the smartphone shut down. Annabeth, Percy, and Grover stared at the blank screen. Annabeth tried to restart the phone. "I've never seen a child of Demeter do something like that before," she whispered. Her voice shook. The smartphone wouldn't turn back on. Percy had a feeling it never would. He hoped not. Regardless of why Annabeth would want to rewatch that, he never wanted to see that extended version of Planet Earth again. "They—they can't," Grover stuttered. "That was some expert level nature magic. She shouldn't have been able to do that." Percy had to admit, he'd seen Grover do some amazing things, but he'd never seen him grow so many trees at once, out of people no less. "They tricked Leo into reforging Kronos's scythe, and attacked him," Annabeth muttered to herself. She tapped her finger against the Egyptian notebook, probably mad each tap didn't give her another clue. Percy stared at the trees. They were once people. Not monsters. Probably not even demigods. "And recycled a bunch of people into compost for trees," he finished summarizing. "But why?" Annabeth said. She stood up and shook her head. "This doesn't add up." He, Grover, and Annabeth exchanged a glance. Percy gripped his fountain pen. "I don't know what they're up to," he said. "But we need to find the new Seven and stop them before they hurt anyone else." Thanks for reading the first chapter of Attrition of Peace, the third volume in the Traitors of Olympus series! For those of you who are new readers, welcome! To those of you that are my veterans and put up with all of my nonsense, welcome back! I hope you enjoyed this chapter and will continue the adventure with me, the Heroes of Olympus, and the "traitorous" seven! I normally only update once a week but there's going to be a double release this weekend with Leo's Chapter: Movie Night is On Me. I hope you stay tuned!