"You punched the wall," she said flatly. I scratched the back of my neck. Well, yes, but I preferred to think of it as the wall was a target, and I punched. Probably not the best target in retrospective, but still a target, nevertheless. "You punched the wall," Caroline echoed dubiously. Again, I kept my gaze riveted on the floor. I know I punched the wall. It's just- you see- I had this pent up anger, and then my mother decided to not let me use my head to bang against the wall. So, I improvised. With my hand. Again, was it the most intelligent idea? Absolutely not. "You punched the wall ," Carrie said again, running a hand through her long, straight, white-blonde hair. "Yes, Caroline, I punched the wall," I said exasperatedly, sucking my knuckles. Surprisingly enough, punching a wall really hurt. Caroline turned an appraising look to me, a smirk on her face. "You do realize we're trying to sell the house, not keep it, right?" "Of course I do," I snapped. "I wasn't planning on running my hand through the wall, for gods' sakes!" Carrie just grinned, and then turned her eyes down to my hand. She sighed. "C'mon. Mom can heal it." "She's gonna kill me, Carrie," I complained. "Maybe you should've thought of that before you ran your hand through the wall." Seeing my look of outrage, words on my tongue, she stopped me. "Whether it was planned or not, Willie, you did it anyway." Technicalities, all of it. Minor technicalities. "C'mon," Caroline said, grabbing my unharmed wrist. "Mom will be really mad, but you can expect that anyway. I think Reid's driving her crazy. He's down there trying to make chocolate-chip cookies." She shook her head ruefully. "Five-year olds, raw eggs, sugar, and cookie-dough-" she shuddered- "not a good mix. Not at all a good mix." "Then let's refrain from going down there, yeah?" I suggested, but Caroline ignored me, hauling me along as if I were a pack pony. Yes, I said it. A pack pony. William Grace was not a pack pony. At least, I hope not. Carrie pulled me down the stairs, ignoring my fruitless protests of indignation and incredulity. Piper was sitting in our huge kitchen with Reid, flour all over her face and clothes. The situation was almost comical, because Reid actually had an egg all over the front of his shirt. Now, a word about our house- just addressed to all the people who don't know the awesomeness of it. We're not poor, and we're not middle-class, either. In fact, you could say we're rather clear of the rich side. All our houses (I think we've had about fourteen with transfers since I've been born) have been huge monstrosities. This is no exception. It's the sort of really old, beautiful, gilded house that you could find secret stairwells in. It has this really nice musty smell from books and such, and we each have our own suite. We have a nanny, a housemaid, and a chef. Our kitchen is huge, we have a parlor and even a ballroom (granted, it's on the small size, nothing like in castles or anything, but it's still a respectable size- Jason and Piper host business parties in there). This is my favorite house and neighborhood, as we live in Lincoln Park, right by Chicago. It's really wonderful, really pretty, and has the best school and parks of any place we've lived in. Our kitchen, to put it straight, is huge, I'm not going to deny the fact. Top-grade stainless steel, cement/granite countertops, top-of-the-line everything. And right now, it's a huge, disgusting mess. Flour and sugar is everywhere, spread in all directions. Eggs run down the front of my little brother's shirt, and my mom is shouting. Bertha, our cook, is screaming, as the Kitchen Aid® mixing machine is whirring away, splattering goop that slightly resembles cookie dough all over the walls. Kiki, our housemaid, is running around in circles frantically, and my mom is trying to charmspeak them all. Because of her obvious distress, it's clearly not working well. Carrie and I couldn't help it. Really, we tried. Sort of. We fell onto the floor, laughing. I mean collapsed in howling fits. We were guffawing so loud, they all stopped to look at us in our chortling seizures. Our stomachs ached from how much we laughed, and when Piper stood over us, her hair dusted with flour, we just started sniggering even louder. When we finally managed to stop, Piper raised an eyebrow at us. "Are you quite done?" she asked, a grin twitching at the corners of her lips. I nodded, heaving. We still giggled manically. Piper crossed her arms, rolling her eyes dramatically. "Thank you, Mister Will and Miss Caroline, for putting on that lovely show. Why are you down here? I'm assuming it's not to satirize all of us?" "No," Carrie heaved between gasps of ragged laughter. "It's- it's just- Will- he punched his arm into the wall-" "You did what ?" Piper said, eyes widening. She whirled on me. "Really, Will?" I nodded, instantly sobering. I rubbed my hand sorely. "I'm sorry, Mom. Really. I can explain, it's just- I was so angry, and then…" I gestured helplessly. Piper sighed. "It's fine, Will. Come here." I followed her to where Kiki was waiting with a roll of bandages. Piper wrapped my fingers meticulously, rubbing the top of my head. I sighed in relief, looking at the scratches. "Better?" Piper asked with a smile. "Much, thanks," I said with a lopsided grin. "Oh, and Will? One more thing?" "Yeah?" I queried earnestly. Piper grinned. "I hope you know this is coming out of your allowance." Now it was everyone else's turn to laugh. A/N: End of chapter one. I hope you enjoyed it! Please comment- I want to know what I messed up on. Anything from grammatical errors to canon mistakes or writing techniques is appreciated. Thank you!