door wide open and puffing like he had just run a marathon. "What the hell is your stepmother going on about?" That was when Annabeth knew that she had really made her father mad. It was never your stepmother, always my wife or Helen. She gulped. "I got an email today, dad," she started off hesitantly. "These people want me to try out for their school." "A school for psychics," her father spat out, disgust clear in his expression. Something hot and ugly and red flared within Annabeth, trickling its way through her veins. "Yes, dad," she hissed. "A school for people like me." Some indecipherable emotion flickered in his eyes and vanished simultaneously. "How did they even find you?" Now that was actually a good question. One Annabeth definitely didn't know the answer to – not that she was going to admit that to her father. "They gave me a business card with their email address on it," she said. It wasn't a total lie, as that was probably what had happened. "I guess they have other psychics on their payroll – remember how mum always said each gift was unique and different? There are probably people out there whose psychic power is to sense other psychic powers." Frederic gritted his teeth, blue eyes going dark. "You are not going to this school, and that is final." "But it's not even really a school, it's a program!" Annabeth protested. "And these are just the tryouts, I might not even get in. Please, dad. Please." She opened up her eyes so that they were big, pleading. Frederic ran a hand through his dirty blonde curls, sighing. "I don't want you getting mixed up in this psychic stuff, Anna," he stated morosely. "After all, it did get your mother killed." Annabeth felt like all the breath had been punched out of her. Not that she knew what that felt like, exactly, but she was making what she felt was a fair estimate. "Dad," she said softly. "Mum didn't die because she was psychic. She died because the man that killed her was an idiot. And trying to keep me away from all this stuff doesn't necessarily mean that I'll be safe – for all you know, I could walk to school tomorrow morning and get hit by an out of control driver, or eaten by a zombie, or something." Frederic's lips quirked up ever so slightly. "A zombie?" She shrugged. "Hey, you never know – it could happen." They fell silent for a moment, but it wasn't awkward. "You're not going to let this go, are you," her father said. It was not a question. Annabeth shook her head, and a few stray curls fell into her eyes. With a slight smile, her dad brushed them away and tucked them behind her ear, tugging on them before letting them go, the way he used to when she was little. "You are so like your mother," he said. "Too like your mother. I can't stand to lose you like her." "You won't." He wiped his face down with one hand. "Fine," he sighed. "You can do these tryout things. But even if you get accepted, there are no guarantees that I'm going to let you be part of this program. That is something we will discuss at a later date." His dark blue eyes met her green ones. "Goodnight, Annabeth." "Night, dad," she whispered. [X] "I knew it!" Cassandra's grin was as bright as a fireworks display. "I knew your dad would be cool with letting you do your psychic thing!" Alisha snorted. "Hey," Annabeth said before she remembered herself, "where's Helena?" The moment those words left her lips, she remembered. Aaron Darling would not live to see tomorrow morning. [:::::::::] Rachel Elizabeth Dare, codename ORACLE, designation RED, an agent of Project Olympia's side branch DELPHI, smiled brightly at the frumpy woman sitting at the desk in front of her. "Hi!" she spoke louder than usual so that the receptionist could hear her through the plexiglass barrier that separated her desk off from the rest of the waiting room. "I'm here to pick up one of the boys?" The fact that whoever ran the place felt it necessary to have a member of his staff safely enclosed behind shatter-proof acrylic glass – the same material police riot shields are made of – made Rachel extremely nervous, but she hid it admirably well behind another smile. The woman sitting at the desk nodded and leant forwards, tapped a few things on her keyboard and clicked her mouse a few times, before leaning into a microphone and saying something. A blaring, crackling noise came through the speakers, and it didn't even sound like English to Rachel. However, after a few minutes, a reply crackled back, and the receptionist nodded. "He'll be out in a minute," she informed the girl in a paint splattered skirt-suit. "I wouldn't bother sitting down." RED nodded. "Okay, sure." A faint buzz came from down the hall, followed by another, and another. It took a moment for Rachel to figure out what she was hearing – the gates in the hall being unlocked and then opened. Finally the small group – two men who seemed to be guards, or security, or something; and a dark-haired teenage boy – made their way into the waiting area. Rachel attempted to straighten her wild mass of red hair hair and summoned a professional façade. "Hello, Perseus," she said, holding out an envelope. "I've got an offer for you." [:::::::::::::::] i'm not sure if i'm going to continue this. i don't even know. yeah the characters are OOC and OOC Is Serious Buisness, but they have different backgrounds in this AU and that shows in their personality. I have plans if I ever decide to continue this but for now it is a oneshot to get me back into the swing of things, and I will now once again be focusing on Cursed Heart.