people are true to themselves and be who they are. Some are fake and pretend to be someone else to look cool in front of others. It's like a halloween costume, they put on a disguise over the real person inside. Drew Tanaka, is one of those people, just listen to her on the intercom Oh, I encourage everyone, or be nice to others, and try new things. Maybe try taking your own advice for once. She is one of the nastiest people on this planet. She's like the rotten banana, or the cole in someone's stocking. The ultimate source of evil in this world. And the worst part is the teacher's buy right into her act. To them, she's little miss perfect but we can see right threw a her ruse. Drew is especially nasty to me and my group of friends because we are particularly friends with her step sister Piper. Unlike her Piper is her complete opposite. Piper is sweet but not weak. Lets just say she's sugar, spice, and everything nice. She's those types of girls that are usually quiet in class, very talkative when around people she knows, and can have a very nasty mouth if know her for as long i've known her. I know almost everything about her, her favorite foods include ice cream, mexican food, and chocolate she's addicted to chocolate. Supernatural and the walking dead are her addictions if she had any. And one would say Piper is like a goddess because of her beauty, she has been compared to aphrodite. Goddess of love and beauty. Piper is of native american(cherokee) descent, she has tanned skin and chocolate brown hair. Her hair is cut choppy and uneven, with strands braided down on both sides. Now onto my other group of friends, the misfits as I like to call us. My best friend, Thalia Grace, we are inseparable, like peanut-butter and jelly, ketchup with fries, or salad and dressing. You'd say Thalia as a goth type of girl because she likes wearing black, and her spiky black hair doesn't help either. She likes to wear her leather black jacket a lot. Thalia's mom had her when she was about sixteen and her boyfriend left her when he found out she was pregnant. So she lives with her mom in an apartment. Her mom works as an accountant at the bank of Manhattan, thalia also works as a waitress at Alberto's, a mexican restaurant close to our school. She works to help her mom out with paying the bills. However, they don't have a very good relationship, there's mostly yelling when i'm over at her house. Due to her not so good childhood experience, she has a hardened personality. It's like she's formed a shell to block out emotions. She rarely opens up to anybody about her feelings. And she likes to joke around during serious situations and has a good way of hiding it when she's really upset. Then we have Frank Zhang, he's asian-canadian if there is such a thing. Lets just say he's the funny asian of the group. It seems like everyone has one of those lately, hope I don't sound racists. Frank has brown eyes and a military haircut, not to mention his great-grandfather was a war hero. He also has a large frame like body but not too big, he's a bit tall, has broad and muscular shoulders and huge biceps. He also knows some karate because his dad owns a dojo that teaches kids about self-defense. Many girls faun of her him like mindless sheep but he even says he only dates asian girls, which is heart-breaking for my last friend in our little group Hazel Levesque. She's developed a little crush over him lately. Hazel is very shy and rarely speaks unless she's spoken too. She has bushy brown hair and she is of African-American descent with golden looking eyes. Hazel is also very bright in school, getting all A's in every subject. Which is very shocking to me because she's taking honor and Ap classes. ''Okay students, welcome to English 8c. In this course, you will learn about the skills it takes to be excellent writers and be professionally exceptional in your careers in the future. For this class, you'll pick your dream careers and that will be the first step to completing a year-long project that each individual will work. And on the last week of school, everyone will present their work as their final grade''. That sounds like a lot of work, my brother warned me about Mrs. Dodds advanced English but since I wanna be a writer, it will be good for me. Mrs. Dodds continues, ''along with the project we will be reading two novels. One for each of the two semesters. Othello, by shakespeare will be the book of semester one, which we will start next week. This the week we get to know each other''. And it begins, I gotta say I hate the first week of school every class is like this. With all this getting to know one another bullshit. I look around and see that most students have zoned out already. Some have their headsets on listening to songs, others heads are flopped on their desks. This one girl is even doing her make-up through the teacher's instructions. ''Okay before we begin, i'm going to take roll'', utters Mrs. Dodds. ''Listen for your names and please correct me if I pronounce it wrong. Ashley, ''here''. Next we have Annabeth, ''Here'', I say raising my hand She continues reading the list on and on until she calls out a name that nearly makes me fall out of my chair. The name makes me sick to my stomach. The name belongs to the bane of my existence. The fuel to the fire inside of me. The drainage that sucks the life right out of me. She calls out the name of the one and only Percy Jackson.