to find an open train door and threw my bag in first. I followed suit a moment later. The inside of the train car was fairly large, with large wooden crates stacked around the corners and sides of the cars. I sat down and pulled my bag onto my lap. I closed my eyes and prepared to go to sleep when I heard a noise behind one of the boxes. I unsheathed on of my daggers and walked slowly forward. Just as I peeked around the edge of the box something sprung out at me, a dagger aimed right for my throat. I reacted quickly and grabbed it before it could skewer me. "Holy shit!" I tightened my hold on the dagger and kicked whoever was holding it with my foot. It let go of the knife and hit one of the boxes. "Go away!" I stopped cold. That voice sounded like it belonged to a little girl. I inched closer to get a better look. Before me, hunched in front of the box with her hands over her eyes defensively was a little girl. She couldn't have been older than six. "Go away!" She said. I realized she was sobbing. "No more monsters! Go away! Please." She croaked at the last one. I immediately crouched down in front of her and put my hands out in a calming manner, the universal sign for 'I'm not going to hurt you'. "Hey, hey, it's ok, I…I'm not a monster." She sniffed and moved her hand so she could get a better look at me. "Really?" She didn't sound convinced, like she'd had other experiences like this. I nodded and spoke slowly, like you would a cornered animal. "I promise. I'm actually just like you." She wiped her eyes. "Nobody's like me." "Oh yeah? Watch this." I held my hand out and a moment later my bow materialized and my quiver appeared on my back. The girl gasped and looked up at me in surprise and wonder. I smiled and dissolved my bow. "See? I'm a demigod, like you" "L-like me?" I nodded. "Mm-hmm. Just like you. In fact, there's a place that's full of people like us." Her eyes widened. "Really?" I nodded. "Yes. I'm actually going there now. Do you want to come with me?" She looked hesitant for a moment before she nodded. I smiled and held up her knife. "This is a kitchen knife, why do you have this?" "I took it when I left." I assumed she was a runaway. That explained why she was on her own. I shook my head. "This won't do." "What wont?" "Monsters can only be killed by celestial bronze; a normal mortal blade won't be effective against them." I unsheathed my own blade. "But this…this'll kill 'em instantly." I held it out for her to take. "Here." She looked from me to the blade. "Are you sure?" I nodded. "Certain." She took the blade and held it in both hands. "Thank you." I smiled. "You're quite welcome." I took off the sheath for it and held it out. "Here." She looked at me strangely. "What's that do?" I took the blade from her and placed it in its sheath. Then I gave it back to her. "It lets you hold the knife safely so you don't cut yourself." I sat back against the wall of the train car. She remained where she sat. "What's your name?" I asked. She didn't answer. I took a better look at her. She was incredibly thin, like she hadn't eaten in days. I assumed that she'd been on her own for a few weeks. I unzipped my bag and pulled out a sandwich. "Are you hungry?" I held it out for her and she hesitantly took it before shoving it in her mouth and devouring it in a matter of seconds. She had moved closer and was looking at my backpack silently. I pulled out another sandwich. "Do you want another one?" She moved closer and took it, choosing that I was trustworthy as long as I provided her with food. I was ok with that. She sat down on my lap and munched on her sandwich. When she was finished with that one I handed her a third one, which she began to eat as well. I fished around my bag for the water bottle. I offered it to her silently. She snatched it away and began to gulp the whole thing down. I grabbed it from her and held it above where she could reach. "Hey," I said. "take it easy, we need to conserve our resources for where we're going." She nodded and held her arms out for the water. I handed it to her and she took small sips with her sandwich. When she was finished she gave it back and rested her head against my chest. "What's your name, kid?" I asked. She yawned and closed her eyes. "Daphne." I smiled. "Nice to meet you Daphne, I'm Hunter." She began snoring after that and I closed my eyes, and let myself fall asleep as well. Ok everyone, that's chapter one! If you enjoyed please follow, favorite, and review. If you have any questions please feel free to PM me or ask in a review. One last thing, I have opened a poll on my home page for which Olympian parent Daphne should be the child of. I know we just had a poll but don't worry this should be the last of the whole Broken Vows story. Please take a moment of your time to vote and if you cannot, please vote in a review. There should be an option for every god at Camp except for the Big Three and Hestia and Artemis, so don't try and be sneaky and give Hunter a little sister. The votes will be counted in a few days when the next chapter is released, so until then I will see you all later.