"Well, Jay," Andrew said, "Welcome to Camp Half-Blood." -J- The first thing Andrew showed me was the meadow. It was a lovely clearing with plenty of flowers and sunlight. My dad would have loved it. I stopped and grieved where he was buried for a few minutes. Then he began to show me some of the other sights around Camp. The climbing wall, which I found out also spew lava, the arena where campers train to fight monsters, the campfire where we sing singalongs, and finally the dining pavilion, where we eat all our meals and leave offerings for the gods. "Ok Jay," Andrew said, "Last place on our little tour is the cabin area." He led me to the center of the area, where a little girl was tending to a hearth that glowed brightly. Campers in orange shirts were milling about, carrying weapons, armor and other pieces of equipment. "Each camper is assigned a cabin based on their godly parent, and since that was your mom, you'll be over there," He pointed to the right side of the area. "Considering that your mom is one of the twelve Olympians, there's only three options, Athena, Demeter and Aphrodite. Any of those sound about right?" I nodded, "Wait, if she's one of the twelve Olympians, what about those other two cabins?" "Those are for Hera and Artemis. Since Hera is the goddess of marriage, she wouldn't have affairs with mortals. Artemis is a virgin goddess, so she doesn't normally have kids." "What do you mean 'doesn't normally'?" Andrew sighed. "About two years ago, it was discovered that Artemis had immaculately conceived a child, a boy named Hunter." "Oh, well, where is he?" "With his mother. She leads a band of eternal maidens who hunt monsters. Normally they don't allow boys, but they made an exception. I wouldn't worry too much about him though, he doesn't spend much time here." "Oh." I couldn't help it, but I felt a strange sort of fascination with Cabin Two, like a mind sort of curiosity. It faded a moment later. "Since you're unclaimed," Andrew said as he led me to a cabin with a staff with two snakes coiled around it over the doorway. Standing in front of it was a boy with shaggy brown hair. "You'll be staying in the Hermes Cabin for the time being. This is Travis Stoll, head counselor." I shook his hand and he led me inside. Andrew said he'd meet me at the campfire later tonight, and I waved him goodbye. Travis led me inside and showed me to a bunk. He told me that he had to go, but that I should make myself at home. He left a moment later and I was left alone. -J- I spent the rest of the day unpacking in the Hermes Cabin. It was already late in the afternoon when I finished unpacking my things, so I was able to stay in the cabin until it was time for dinner. I wasn't really hungry so I just picked at my food until it was time to go to the campfire. I sat down with my cabinmates and watched as several kids pulled out musical instruments and began to sing. I didn't really know any of the words, so I just sat back and watched awkwardly. After several dozen hearty songs, the music died down and Chiron stepped up onto the stage. "Well done!" He said, spreading his arms, "A lovely welcome to our newest camper!" Connor nudged my side with his elbow and I stood up. I looked around nervously and tried to swallow the lump that was forming in my throat. I locked eyes with Andrew and he gave me a reassuring smile. I smiled back and took a deep breath. "My name is Jason Smith," I said in a confident voice I never thought I'd be able to make, "Like all of you, I'm a demigod." I laughed. "I really have no idea what to say, but I just want you all to know I'm glad to know there are other people just as crazy as me." A few people laughed while someone from the back row shouted, "Speak for yourself!" This caused even more laughter. Chiron spread his arms and everyone settled down. He looked at me and smiled, "I suppose it's not the worst opening speech we've ever had. Until he is claimed, Jason will be spending his time in the Hermes Cabin. I expect each and every one of you to treat him with the respect and kindness he-" His speech was cut off by the dozens of gasps that came from everyone else. I looked around in alarm and found everyone looking at me. Well, not at me, more like at something above me. I looked up and saw an ethereal peacock feather hovering over my head. I looked at Chiron in alarm. He was looking at me with wide eyes, his mouth gaping at me. "What?" I asked, "What's happening?" Chiron ignored me. "Impossible," Travis whispered, "Something like this hasn't happened since…" "Hunter." Someone else finished. "What?" I asked, desperation evident in my voice. "Chiron, what's going on?" Chiron's eyes returned to normal and his posture straightened. "What has happened," He said in a voice of cold stone, "Is that you have been claimed." He crossed his legs and lowered himself into a low bow. All the campers stood and followed his lead, kneeling down and bowing. "The bloodline is determined," Chiron said, "Lady of Peacocks, Queen of Olympus, Patron of Women and Marriages." A lump formed in my throat as dread filled me. I suddenly realized why I felt so drawn toward Cabin Two, why my father always claimed my mother was a queen, and why I was named Jason. "All hail, Jason Smith, son of Hera." Ok everyone please leave a review and be sure to favorite and follow if you enjoyed. Until next time I will see you all later.