it was exactly who he was waiting for. A glaring Zoe Nightshade, with her bow drawn. "Leave now male, before there is one less in the world" She looked angry. "Relax Zoe, I'm here to talk, nothing more" "How do thy know mine name male?" She tightened her bowstring. "Percy. My name's Percy. And I know it from a dream" It wasn't exactly a lie. He slowly moved his hand to his left pocket, and withdrew this times Riptide, "I believe this belongs to you" He clicked it, and and slid it towards her. She gasped as she recognised it. "Anaklusmos" She picked it up, holding it reverently. "I know what that twat did. It's yours. You deserve your powers back" Her head shot up at that, "You said that your immortal power is linked to it. By the way, it split" He withdrew his and clicked it, showing that they're the same, "It's ok if I keep this one, right" Zoe thought for a minute, then nodded. "You have shown thy worth boy. Now, leave, before another hunter sees you" "Very well. I'll be at camp soon. If you wanna spar, come in the next week. Be seeing you" He walked out, not noticing the tiny smile on her face. Maybe all men aren't so bad after all . She turned back, and went back to her vantage point, over-viewing the entire camp. Percy got back to the car, and they headed on their way again. "What did you need to do Percy?" Sally asked curiously. "I'll tell you later. We won't be going back to Gabe so it'll be ok to stay" he answered "Honey, he's my husband. I have to go back" "We don't actually. I threatened to cut off his bits if he didn't leave us alone. He bullied me and he hurt you. I won't let you go back" The car swerved slightly. "You know?" "Yes. I saw a while back what he was doing to you. I told Mr Brunner too. He said he'd deal with it" Sally smiled, and they rode on in silence. When they got to the beach, Sally took their stuff inside while Percy made a fire. He took out a bar of chocolate he'd saved and threw it in. "To Lady Hestia, for allowing us to use your flames as our hearth" He sat with his back to it, and stared out to the sea. "It's a beautiful night, Isn't it Perseus" Percy turned to see none other than Hestia standing there, "Thank you for your sacrifice. I rarely get any these days" Percy shook his head. "They're hopless" He chuckled at his lame pun, and she smiled lightly, "You're the eldest, and most powerful of the original six, meaning instead of replacing you, they should've just added a new seat instead" "Thank you Perseus. That means more to me than anything, even you giving me Elpis" Percy's head shot round so fast he almost got whiplash. "What?" He asked dumbly. She giggled, and said, "Home is something that transcends time, no matter where you are. You always have a home" Percy nodded wisely, "I'm assuming you haven't told your mother yet" He shook his head. "I will though, once Gabe's gone" Her eyes flashed in anger at that name, "I told Chiron to make him suffer. He won't disobey. A big change is coming, and you're at the head of it. I wish to make you my first and only champion" Percy shared in shock, but quickly recovered. "I'd be honoured my Lady, but, what does that mean exactly?" He asked, showing his seaweed brainness. Hestia laughed. "It's simple really. You gain some powers, such as summoning home cooked meals, imbuing hope, that sort of thing, and you would do odd jobs for me. It will mainly be rescuing children, demigod or not" Percy nodded, happy with the explanation, "Good. Now, you have a choice. The power of healing, or the power of harming" Percy thought for a minute. Healing would be good, but he also had that with his water powers, for himself and other people. And the fire would be good against monsters like the undead and hydras. Both are good options. "Is it possible to get both. I'm not being power hungry, but both would really help. I would choose healing though if I can't" Hestia smiled. "There is one way. I can't say that any of my brothers will approve though" "That makes me all the more eager to go through with it" They shared a laugh. "The method would be me adopting you. Your mother would still be your mother, I would be more like your Aunt. You would gain all of my powers, and your appearance would likely change. I'd need your mothers permission though" Percy nodded. "I'm willing. You are my Aunt anyway, this is just making it more formal, especially seeing as Gods don't have DNA" She jumped up and hugged him. "Thank you so much Percy. I've always wanted a child, and now I can" He hugged her back. "My mom's inside, go ask her. She won't say no" She let go of him and smiled, before walking inside. He leant back, and waited, staring at the sea calmly. Ok, now it's the end. Tell me what you think. It's a unique idea isn't it. I never read a Percy Jackson story where he went back to the start to do it all over again like this. Next chapter will be whenever I feel like writing. it. It's exam time now, so I need to be focused. I'll be going through each book. Tell me what you want to see. This story does have a pairing, and it isn't Perzoe. First person to correctly guess gets to design me an OC minor God/Goddess that joins Kronos, or just give me an existing one. None that join Gaia or go against Percy in those books though. It'll confuse me. Laters.