My hair was longer too, reaching past my neck and down to the small of my back, and it had blue streaks. I also felt 2 vambraces on my wrists, and flick them. A blade shoots out of each, reaching to the tip of my middle finger. "I suppose it could be worse" I sigh, and turn back to Zeus, who looked amused. "Go to the Hunters' camp and wait for my daughter Percy, she'll be along shortly" "And don't use your powers on people like you did your brother, or anything other than water. While he deserved it, it can turn you into something that even Typhon would fear. You would be a destructive force, craving nothing but death and destruction" I pale, and nod. I walk over to the hearth, bow to Hestia, and walk in, thinking of the Hunters' camp. I walked out of the hearth at the Hunter's camp to find it empty. It was too early to be up yet. I grinned, and easily located Thalia's tent. She was alone inside, so I ran into the forest and gathered up some water. I morphed it into a ball and willed it back to camp. I followed it and grabbed a bucket and some rope from their supply tent. I quickly set it up with a loose tripwire so she wouldn't trip but would get soaked. I grinned again hid in a tree so I could watch. After an hour, a yawning Thalia walked out of her tent. As soon as she walked out, the bucket tipped on her. She screamed so loud, I almost fell out of the tree laughing. The rest of the Hunters ran out, bows drawn, and started looking around. Soon though, they were laughing at Thalia, who was sparking slightly. "Who did this?!" She growled. This just caused them, and myself, to laugh harder. "Very mature Perseus" A female voice says from right behind me. I shout out and fall off the branch I was sitting on. I land on my back, looking up at the tree. I can see Artemis' face grinning slightly from the branch I just fell off. "Very funny Moonbeam" I grumble, standing up, only to get slammed into the tree by a bolt of lightning from behind me. "Percy!" Thalia growls, and I turn to see another bolt rushing at me. I jump out of the way and hide behind the tree, "Get out here right now otherwise it'll be more painful for you" She growls, coming closer. I will the water soaked into her clothes to get heavier and heavier. Soon, she was panting, and eventually fell to the ground in defeat. I peek out and notice that the Hunters all have their bows drawn, pointed at me, ready to fire. All except for Natalie, who was giggling like a maniac at us. "That's enough you two. Percy, drain the water" Artemis says from above. "Fine" I grumble, and drain the water. I grin, and shape it into a hand, which I use to smack Natalie off the back of the head. "Hey" She glares at me lightly. "What are big brothers for?" I grin at her. "Ok everyone, listen up. Perseus is going to be with us until I decide otherwise, as the Guardian of the Hunt. I want all of you to treat him with respect and kindness" I hear Thalia mutter sarcastically "Sure" "Yes even you Thalia. He will also be doing odd jobs with us. He is unrivalled with a sword, not even Ares or his Roman aspect can beat him. He beat up Ares so badly he couldn't move without help" I see Phoebe glare at me with hate, but so does Artemis, "Phoebe, stop glaring. Your father picked the fight, and he's nothing like Orion, so give him a chance" "I'm sorry my lady, but he will probably try to get with one of us. I won't take that risk" She pulls her arrow back and fires it at me. Quick as a flash, I catch the arrow, and snap it, to the awe of the Hunters, and even Artemis herself. "Your father gave me his blessing Phoebe" I grin at her shocked expression, "So it's best not to anger me. You wouldn't like the result" (I know Phoebe's father is never confirmed [or mother], but in the Camp Halfblood wiki, it says she is quick to anger and is an excellent fighter. That says it all) "Phoebe. To my tent. I'll deal with you later" Artemis snaps, causing Phoebe to pale, and run off. "Mary" She calls out, and a young brunette comes forward, "Set up a tent for him, I'll help him design it later" She nods, and runs off to sort it out, "The rest of you, get ready for sword fighting training, run by Perseus" "Thanks Moonbeam" I turn to the Hunters, who look shocked at my audacity, "Ok. I will be working you all HARD! You will probably be exhausted afterwards. You will hate me after this. But you will love me when it saves your life. Wear clothes that are easy to move in and will let you get plenty of air to you bodies. Get a sword that you can use, that feels as comfortable as you can find. Go now" I grin as they all run off, even Thalia. "Very nice Perseus. I ask them to treat you with kindness, and now they're going to be scared of you. I hope you can impart your wisdom onto them, because some of them can't fight with a sword at all. I've heard how bad you are with archery. You got my brother's blessing, so I hope you're better now, or else I might need to bless you. That would mean you were the first male I ever blessed. Now get going" I run to their training area, to get things prepared for Percy's Sword Training Camp, also known as Hell on Earth.