A smile flashed across his face and a tear rolled down his cheek. The train stopped at for us to all get out for a few ours to stretch our legs. "I don't know about you guys." I said "but im going to get some food and something to play with "no argument here." Leo said "lets go get some Pizza." We all wandered around town. The train was scheduled to leave in a few hours so we weren't in a hurry. We were looking around for a good place to eat when this girl ran up to us and grabbed Philip by the shoulders. . She had short black hair green eyes. "oh thank the gods your. We need your help." Chapter 6 Philip. I couldn't tell who grabbed me but I recognized her voice. I tried to go thru the names in my head but I couldn't pinpoint one for the voice. She gripped my shoulders harder. "Philip we need your help. We screwed up bad this time." Then it came to me. Her name-her name is Tatonia myres. Leo shifted "um do you know each other?" I ignored him "what happened Totania?" she let go of me. "we accidentally let something out of the hell gate." My heart started racing. "what exactly did you let out?" she shifted uneasily. "A tyanak." "um that does not sound good." Said Mark. "I turned toard him "it's not good but it isn't too bad. Oh an we are going to need your lightning powers and Leo your fire. We are all going to have to work together on this." Totania started walking "follow me." We followed her. Leo walked beside me. "what is a Tyanak?" I grunted. " a Norse serpent of the sea." Leo slowed down "wait the Norse gods are real too? Lets see that makes Greek, Roman and Norse. Wow my head hurts now." I tried not to laugh. "whay do you think none of the Greek gods have claimed me? Im the son of Juro goddess of the earth. And Totania is the daughter of Njord god of the sea. That is why I can control earth and use it to my advantage." Totania stopped and turned around. "like my friend Hazel" "alright we're here" we were at my old house. The place had gotten worst than the last time I saw it. Its windows where boarded up, the siding was falling off and the roof was in need of repair. Of course I couldn't see it with my eyes but I could feel it. The house felt like it had been thru a tornado. "jeez what happened here?" Totania turned to me it was the Tyanak it it came out of the open hell gate in the basement." "why did you open it in the basement?" she shifted. "we didn't mean to we where just mixing the ingredients and then it just opend without warning." She looked down and I knew somebody was lost in the fight. "who was it?" she turned and started to cry "it was Alf." She collapsed. I caught her before she hit the ground. "lets go inside." She nodded. When we were inside Leo make hot chocolate for everybody. I got up Totania "you stay here Leo and I are going to check out the basement. Mark can you make shure she has everything she needs?" he nodded but he looked a little uncomfortable as well. I smiled because I knew why. Leo and I when down stairs and checked the place that the Hell gate formed. "uhg It's so dark down here I cant see." I stoped. "you'r complaining? You know you can just use your flame powers or something" I said irritably. Leo sighed " sorry I forgot you cant see." I felt warmth so I assumed he made fire. "tell me what you see, I can only see the distruction I cant feel anything els." He tooke a few steps forward. "that just it there isn't anything ells." "is there a burn spot anywhere?" he shifted. "you mean you cant feel it? I thought you would be able to. There is a massive burn spot right in front of us." I walked forward then felt a crunch beneath my feet . I cringed " oh pleas don't tell me that's what I think it is" Leo walked up next to me. "would you like me to tell the truth or a lie?" I moved away from it quikly. "oh Gods it's a skull isn't it?" Leo turned to me. "it's not a human skull at least. "oh good I thought it might be-" I couldn't bring myself to say it. "never mind lets go up and track this thing." Leo nodded. We got upstairs and got Mark and Totania. And went outside. I saw a large snake like track going toured the lake. " c'mon guys we have to get this thing before it hurts anybody. We all got into the nearest car and headed to the lake. When we got there I couldn't belive my feet. There was a lot of destruction. "Ok guys we need to find this thing as fast as possible." We split up so we could cover more ground. And possibly kill this thing before it does anything ells. I couldn't go alone because I couldn't feel vibrations in water and sand just made things fuzzy like radio static. So I went with Leo again. We where about to head out when we saw a large shape move in the water. Totania ran into the lake. I tried to run after her mut my ability to since with my feet and I felt sand replace dirt and I ran into mark. I looked at him. " you have to help her both of you. I'm useless in water, I cant see in it." He nodded " ok lets go Leo" they ran into the lake ant I couldn't see them any more.