fingertips as he decended to her core. She let go, allowing him to choose what he did next. Tentatively, he pressed on, his fingers grazing her folds. She was incredibly wet to his touch. He wasn't completely clueless here, and he clumsily searched for the nub. Finding it, he pressed the pad of his middle finger against it. Drew inhaled sharply. He found a steady rhythm as he began to rub slow circles around her clit. Drew's hips started thrusting into his hand, her breaths coming raggedly. Percy rolled her onto her back, propping himself up on his right arm. He pulled her shirt up fully over her breasts before decending his left hand to take over where his right had left off. His lips decended to her now exposed nipple and he took it in his mouth. He rolled it with his tongue and nipped it with his teeth as he joined his ring finger with his middle finger to rub her core. Drew's hips lifted from the bed, which Percy took to mean that he was doing well. He redoubled her efforts and was rewarded with a muffled cry. Drew's body seemed to tighten for a moment and then it shuddered as she came. Her eyes were glassy when she turned to look at him, as if she were having trouble focusing properly. Suddenly, she pulled her shirt over her head, discarding it to the floor. Her panties quickly joined it leaving her naked on her bed. Lying back, she motioned for Percy to join her. No sooner than he removed his boxers and sat next to her, she pulled her knees to her chest, exposing her core to the night air. Percy positioned himself, his eyes meeting hers. He pressed the head of his shaft against her folds, wetting it, and then sliding it down to her entrance. As he prodded against her, she hooked her knees over his shoulders. The tip slowly pushed into her vagina, spreading her open. As he advanced, he found himself leaning against her. Her legs causing her hips to lift up into him as he seated himself fully. He also found himself face to face with her. He knew she was a virgin (the tightness was enough to convince him of that), but he had felt no barrier when he entered her. Simmilarly, no pain crossed her face. Instead, a deep flush spread across her cheeks as she stared back at him, pupils dilated. He drew himself out and pushed in. Pulling back, he took his hands from her sides where he was supporting himself and wrapped his arms around her thighs. His hands each found a breast which he squeezed, teasing her nipples at the same time. Unsupported, he found himself leaning more heavilly against her with each thrust, but she made no sign of discomfort. Leaning forward, he pressed his lips to hers. She accepted him instantly, her tongue meeting his as his thrusts shook her, driven by his own pleasure. Her voice was coming out in gasps that she couldn't seem to contain. Her tight canal wrapped around his length and squeezed him each time he buried himself inside her. Her own arms now wrapped around his neck, holding herself to him. Taking hold of her breasts, he pushed them together, her nipples now touching. He took them into his mouth together, rubbing them against each other and flicking them with his tongue. "Per-cy-y," she started, interupted by her own gasps. "I'm so-o close!" A primal feeling took over him as he looked up at her face. This girl shaking in pleasure beneath him woke something. He removed his mouth from her nippples. "You want me to make you cum?" "Mmhmm!" she moaned, nodding her head quickly. "You want to cum on my dick?" "Mmhmmm!" she replied, her voice higher and with a more vigorous nod. "Cum for me." As soon as he said it, Drew's eye's glazed over and a strangled cry escaped her lips. Her grip around his neck tightened, pulling his face to hers where she captured his mouth in a very aggressive kiss. She got incredibly tight as he thrusted into her. Shudders ran down her body, each one coating his shaft in more of her wet juices. Pushing into that death-grip furnace was too much, and he felt his own orgasm erupt inside her. Percy wasn't entirely sure what happened after that, but he woke shortly before sunrise the following morning. The entire camp was still. He scribbled a quick note to Drew and then pulled on his clothes, hurrying to his own cabin. He couldn't have any of the few campers left asking questions about why he was in the Aphrodite cabin. Drew woke to sun streaming into the window of the Aphrodite cabin. The snow outside made it almost blinding. Her bed was warm, and felt cozier than she thought it ever had before. She immediately noticed Percy's absence and then the note next to her head. A soft smile played across her face as she read it. ####### A/N ######### Thus ends the first story I've written in a while. I chose an unusual pairing, and I stand by it. I'm not anti-percabeth (that's the right word, right?), in fact I prefer Percy-Annabeth stories to all others. I just have a thing for asian girls. At first this story was pretty flat and Drew was going to be a sexualized extension of herself as presented in the books, but as I wrote, she evolved into a deeper character. I liked trying to write for her and to explore the sadness of being alone. The story actually got a lot darker than I was expecting it to in the second stable scene. I'm not sure if I did that bit right- I wanted to hint at something but I really didn't want to spell it out. It's something that neither character wants to say out loud. Tell me what you think!