people wanting to hear about this Mr. Jackson is there any chance you could hold a press conference?" I shrugged and said "Sure, where?" "Will the school be a good place? No one has actually gotten to see the inside?" I smiled and said "Actually mam, there are two thousand or so students in the dorms who are going to be going to school there and they have all had the chance to tour it, but I can hold a conference for the first inside peek of non-students at five thirty PM today in the College Auditorium." "Sir, I said that there will be thirty thousand people wanting to know things, the auditorium of a college will not be large enough-" I interupted by saying "Olympus college has a fully electronic, auditorium which can hold fifty thousand people for research lecture or studies. Each seat is a reclining leather couch which has an installed twenty five inch touch screen display f information and viewing the lecture, it will also connect with the student's tablets to record video and audio of lectures of my ten star tutors and educators." "Do you trust all of your students Mr. Jackson?" I grinned to myself and replied "I know each student and teacher personally and if they do misbehave or break the rules, they will be punished. Also, if any of the people coming to the interview vandalize, liter, steal, or do anything illegal in the grounds of my property I have an elite branch of private police force who will catch you, every inch of my city is secured by UHD 4K cameras and monitored 24/7 by a guard who will alert the police of any movement or action one may take against the people or the town in general. I will see everyone at the meeting." I cut the transmission and the guy who was manning the microphones looked at me surprised "Damn dude, did you really build the city in a day?" I shrugged and said "The way D works, he can get it done in a mater of hours if not minutes." I saw him look at me shocked at he got back in his car. I walked over to Coral and she was tapping her foot "Big brother, you took ten hole minutes to do that. I deserve Ice cream for having to wait." I poked her forhead and said "If you ever get a boyfriend he will have to be really nice... And rich." She smiled and said "When I get a boyfriend, I want one with pretty eyes and a big check book. He also has to be really nice." I smiled and pulled my sister into a hug and said "You sure do have your priorities straight. When I was your age I thought girls had a really bad disease clled cooties." She laughed and asked "I can't imagine you young big brother. It seems like it was so long ago like you don't even remember it." I smiled sadly and tried to think of a time I felt young. I couldn't remember so I put a hand on her head and said "I don't remember, Coral. That is why I want you to enjoy and remember your childhood in a safe place with... lots of friends who love you." I felt saddness remembering all of the times in my old life I felt alone, scared, betrayed, hated or anger. That is why I made this world the way it is to have a safe place for everyone I love today. She put her small hand to my face and said "Brother, why are you crying?" I put my hand against her's and realized I had let a tear slip down the side of my face and I laughed. "Cause little sis, sometimes people have to let go of all of their bad emotions, sometimes this is the way I do it." She wiped the tear away and asked confused "I thought grown ups weren't supposed to cry?" I laughed a little and sttod up and ruffled her hair "Grown ups are just like us little kids, they just have more experience hiding and manipulating their emotions." She looked confused "Big brother aren't you a grown up though?" I smiled and said "I am only a few years older than you Coral. I am seventeen." I saw realization hit her and her mouth popped into a little "O" and I smiled, We walked until I got to the Dorms. I walked in and saw the loby crwded with people. They were all screaming and asking questions to the receptionist and Shoving micraphones infront of Margarets face so I said loudly "What are all of you doing in this place? It is a place for the students and school faculty only! Get out now or you will all be prosecuted for infringing on Private property of the most prestigous school in the world and or arrested for trespassing on the property I own!" They all ran out the doors, and the room was silent again I sighed and looked at the receptionist and said "Sorry Margaret, I didn't know people would swarm the city like this." She nodded and said "It is ok boss, is this the little sister?" I nodded and said "Coral, meet Ms. Margaret, she is the worker who watches the building and holds the keys to all the dorm rooms... except mine. If you ever need something just ask her." She nodded and timidly shook hands. I sent her up the elevator and looked at the lady I created out of dirt and said "If more people come, just call Beckly and tell him to put an officer outside the door." She nodded and I walked out of the building. I used my creation powers and changed my clothes into a suit and nodded before walking to the college ampetheater thinking of how I should go about doing this and pulling it off.