We all agreed, after running for a few hours straight you kinda get hungry. I found myself alone in the middle of a massive pavilion and seventy five or so kids were chattering about. I was a little lost until someone tapped me on the shoulder. He looked African American and a few years older than me. I looked at him and he asked "Are you new here?" I nodded and he stuck out his hand. I shook it and he said "I am Grover a half goat half man. You are a demigod so you claimed or unclaimed by your parent." I looked at him sideways so he said "Well taking it as you are unclaimed sit down at that table right there. He pointed to the one to my right with an empty seat. I sat down and Grover tapped the guy to the left of me on the shoulder and said "He's new and unclaimed say hi Luke." He nodded and turned to me. He was about fourteen and a blonde with blue eyes and a scar over his eye. He smiled and said "Hey I am Luke son of Hermes, you?" I smiled and said "Percy Jackson, son of Sally Jackson." He frowned for a second before laughing and saying "Good one. Hey if you are hungry or thirst just think about it and they will appear on your plate and in your cup. But don't forget to throw half of the food in the fire and say thanks to the gods." I looked at him skeptically but tried it anyway. I imagined a burger and fries with a blue coke. To my delight, they all appeared. I turned to Luke with a pure look of astonishment and said "Awesome..." He looked at me and said "you know it is breakfast right? Eh who cares, don't forget to sacrifice food." I walked over to the fire and cut the fries in half and said "To whoever my father is please tell me who you are." I looked at my plate and took half of the bacon cheese burger and threw it in makin it smell amazing somehow. In my head I said "Thank you Lady Artemis for being so kind and brining me here." I sat down and felt someone was looking at me. I turned and saw Artemis on the other side of the Pavilion looking at me like I was crazy. I just turned around and Luke asked "So what is up man? Your eyes are two different colors and your skin looks like you haven't seen sun in years." I chuckled and said "My mom told me that it had to do with the genetics I got from my father but I don't know any Greek god that looks like this." He laughed and nodded. I wolfed down my food and chugged the coke. I hadn't had either in so long it was like heaven. When I was done I turned towards Chiron because he had stomped his foot loudly shutting up the campers. He looked at me and waved me up. I walked in from of him and he whispered "turn around." I did and he said "Welcome all to camp half blood, Percy Jackson." Everyone was silent until I heard Chiron say "Oh my gods." I looked at him and said "What's wrong? Did I do something?" I looked to Artemis and she was looking at me in disbelief. Well more of above me. She saw my questioning eyes and pointed above me. I looked up and saw three things. A sea green trident, A black and whit skull, and a golden lightning bolt. He looked at me and said "I don't know how... But Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon, Hades, and Zeus!" There were screams and questions then three flashes appeared. With a short blinding light I looked back and saw three gods. Each one was my acclaimed father. I looked around and everyone was just as confused as me. Artemis stood and walked over and bowed saying "Father I do not know what is going on." He looked towards me and said "Ten years ago we made a deal, we are aloud to have one child every twenty years as to we keep our paths of not having an abundance of children. The woman I chose to bear my child was Sally Jackson." He said confidently. The other two looked at the king of gods and Poseidon said "The woman I chose to bear my child was Sally Jackson." Hades concurred saying "That is the same for me." I looked at Artemis and asked "What the heck does that mean." I waited for her response but three more flashes appeared. Three old ladies with knitting yarn appeared. They spoke in unison saying "Percy Jackson is the son of Sally Jackson, Poseidon, Hades, and Zeus. He is the first being ever to be the son of three gods and he is the first mortal who is, in fact 3/4 God." He is immortal but can be killed in battle and he is capable of using each of your domains and powers. Zeus, he is your son treat him as such. Poseidon, he is your son treat him as your son. Hades, he is your son treat him like one. If you do not accept this talk to chaos for she approved his birth." The three old ladies flashed away before everyone looked at me. At this point I was the most nervous I had been in my entire life. There were five gods if you include Dionysus I found out he works here as punishment. I was incapable of thought so I bowed and sprinted of with all my might towards the beach. I soon forgot the hundred plus people watching me as I hit the edge of the dock and just sat with my head in my hands thinking about how the three most powerful gods were my fathers.