as we made out so I put my hands on her voluptuous butt then made my hands go up her back to her beautiful breasts and squeezed making her muffle a scream in my mouth before smiling as my hands slipped down to her thighs and we passionately kissed until the buzzer sounded. She broke away and we both stood. She was panting breathlessly. She looked at me with her kaleidoscope eyes and said "Don't tell him but you are way better than Jason. He just sits there and won't ever touch me. I-I really enjoyed that." She leaned in and kissed me gently before pulling back and taming her hair and I said "I-I um ah that was really nice. I would be lying if I said that wasn't the hottest and only lap dance I have ever had." She grinned and slapped me before kissing me again and said "So you only paid attention to my butt on you?" I smiled and said "That was extremely distracting yes, But that was a literally mind blowing kiss." She smiled and pecked me on the lips and said "They will probably be wondering what we are doing then eh?" I looked at her in confusion then realized it was thirty seconds a few seconds ago and kissed her before we both walked out. Reyna was next and she grinned as she handed me the money. After another few minutes, I had kissed all of my friend group. I was staring at the one girl I was nervous about being around. "H-Hi Annabeth, I guess you are the final girl I will kiss." She blushed and nodded and handed me her credit card. I took it and walked to the small black room a few seconds later. I looked at her and her gray eyes locked on mine. We stood staring into each other's eyes a few seconds before she closed her eyes and leaned in connecting her lips to mine. My hands went to her hips and I kissed her back. Her lemony strawberry taste and smell saturated in my nose and mouth as I smiled against the kiss and fireworks and lightning were happening in my mind as we stood completely still, kissing simply but passionately in the backroom of a college fair. I couldn't help but wrap my arms around her waist and pulled her closer to me. The buzzer rang but I ignored it and deepened the kiss leaning in deeper rolling my fingers in her blonde princess curls. She opened her eyes and we pulled apart and she was breathing heavilly and I looked over her soft gray sweatshirt nd jeans and smiled. She smiled back and we kissed again for what seemed like forever. When we finally pulled apart Annabeth said "Hey Percy, I think that was the best second kiss I could have asked for." I smiled and replied "I think that was actually a second and third kiss wise girl." She frowned and turned her head away blushing whipping her hair in my face harshly. I pouted then an idea hit me and I kissed her turned cheek. I could see the pink rise in her cheeks and it turned to red before she said "I-I think it has been more than thirty seconds seaweed brain." I smiled at the nickname then kissed her cheek again and said "It has been more than thirty seconds, you are right par usual wise girl." She lightly punched my arm before letting me open the door for her and walk through it. I walked by her side and noticed the college fudraiser fair actually had ended so we were all alone and the lights were out. I reached over and interlocked my hand through Annabeth's small and soft one making her let out a "PEEP" I grinned and said "It's just me Annabeth, you scared of the dark?" She huffed indiginately and said "No way Jackson, I just didn't notice you grabbing my hand." To prove her point she squeezed my hand but made no move to let go so I smiled. We walked together to the exit of the building and I used my free hand and used the pushe handle to open the door and let Annabeth through and we stood infront of the building and only then did I notice that it was dark outside. "It got dark pretty early." I said stating the obviously. Annabeth snorted at my comment then covered her mouth with her free hand. I laughed at her and asked "Hey wise girl, did you just snort?" She frowned and said abstractly "N-No." I broke into a fit of laughing until she squeezed my hand so hard I heard something pop so I screeched "I Give! I give!" She let go and I could see her smile in triumphance. Her hair and face were so perfect and beautiful in the soft silver moonlight which seemed to make her thunderstorm gray eyes seem to swim with mirth and a cunning danger I couldn't stop from leaning in and pressing my own lips to her soft red wet ones. Her eyes widened in surprise then realization and then she kissed me back. She pulled away after a few seconds and said "Percy, my car is that way." She pointed the opposite direction of the way we were walking. "Mine is this way... Would you like me to walk you to your car?" She shook her head and said "I can walk to my car by myself. I am a big girl, Percy." I smiled and said "That you are." She let go of my hand and I sighed as I lost the warm and fuzzy feeling her touch gave me and I watched as she walked away. When her car pulled out of the parking lot I walked over to my own and drove back to the dorm thinking over the past couple of days since I had joined this school.