elements, I created life itself so my little sister wouldn't be bored when she woke up." They looked at me in confusion "Woke up?" asked Mark I nodded "My little sister's name is Chaos, Creator of the universe. I asked her to do it and when she did she used all of her power to make the entire universe, all of the planets. When she did it caused an explosion you all know as the big bang, It knocked me across the new universe and I didn't know where my little sister went. But since she did her part I used my power to create life on most all of the planets she created and made the primordial gods somewhere in the universe. I don't remember where just that the planets name was earth. What I did, was create immortal beings stronger than gods to control all elements whilst I was gone and made three immortals that create and control the fate of all living things except my sister, the man I met when I was first alive, and myself. Also on that day, I created two powerful beings that are my sons on the planet Drarea. The embodiment of good and evil in this universe." "Damn." They said it at the same time so it made me laugh. They looked at me funnily so I said "I think I am going to retire the whole assassin thing, guys." I think Mark fell out of his chair. "W-What! You are the reason ninety percent of the people joined the Army." I nodded knowing when Mark discovered space travel he also visited the planets I had freed and now there was a force led by him around about half the known universe that is called Alpha core. Most joined because I freed their planet and they knew the leader of the Army was Mark and that I was friends with him. Right now he dictates over five trillion galaxies and has about a billion troops for every galaxy. Almost all of the people who joined are put in as police but if you make it through the ranks to one of the top thousand I personally train you. To say being trained by me was hard was an understatement. But every single person ever trained by me has become a warrior worthy of what I give them, semi-immortality. I decided to take on Apprentices after finding out how fun it is when I raised a Phoenix. His name is Sam and I found the egg in a pirate starship after I killed them. I found him and used my fire powers to keep him alive because Pheonix need fire while they are still in their egg. I brought him home and raised him. To say Pheonix were rare was an understatement. I have found three other than Sam in the past ninety-nine million years. I had talked to one after saving her life, she told me there were about a hundred in the entire universe and they live for about a million years and females can only lay one egg. I had saved another and it turned ut he was the King of the Pheonix Cansavor. I turned into a Pheonix and beat him in a battle so he gave me the blessing of the Pheonix. I was happy about this and two things surprised me, first was the fact he could bless me even though I was more powerful and the second ws when h blessed me two things happened, I got golden flecks in my sea green Irises and if I get mad my Irises turn into green flames in my eyes. The second was I can control Pheonix fire. This was surprising because I could not control it before and it is ten times stronger than hell fire. Which I thought was the most powerful fire in the universe. Sam now lives on Drarea with Biyaku and Shernag. I visit about once a year and they are great friends. I looked at my closest friends in front of me and I said "I am going to go find my sisters, be well while I am gone, I may not come into contact for a few years until I find her. If I don't come back tell everyone I went to discover some new planets." They both nodded sadly and I flashed into empty space. I let my wings out of my back for the first time since I turned into a dragon for my two sons. I flapped them a few times, popping a few bones relieving the built up stress and sighed at the good feeling I got. I went to Drarea first to say goodbye to my three sons and check up on all of the universes good and evil. I was glad to know that there was a lot less evil than before and my sons were now both a tall fifty feet. I said my goodbyes to Sam then flashed toward the Milky Way galaxy. When I got there I remembered it "Earth" I said smiling. "Son listen to me." I looked around and realized it was my father "Who are you? Why were you not there for Chaos and I?" He was silent before saying "I can wake up Chaos and send her to you but you will not remember anything for six years and you will stay on earth as a twelve-year-old because that is the amount of power needed to wake up your sister. I nodded and he said "Ok, You will be sent to Earth with fake memories and will be known as a son of a sea god and live wit their race. On the sixth year, you are there you will remember everything and I will make Chaos teleport to where you are." I nodded my head and said "Deal." With that my vision went black and I felt about ninety-nine percent of my power drain from me.