terrorist attacks. I could feel that the air had become so thin and cold, it was nearly unbreathable. For all the damage that just occurred, I might as well have used an exploding arrow. I had definitely vaporized my dracaena, and apparently the other ones had been vanquished as well. After a few breaths from one of the emergency oxygen masks, Florian played what he later told me was a very tricky and complex Mending Melody combined with a Protective Polka and a Fresh Breeze Folk Tune on his incredibly useful and now fairly beaten-up harmonica. He had fixed the worst of the problems, but had spent much of his energy in the process. Mumbling something about parachutes, he sunk into one of the empty seats. Suddenly, the plane began to lurch more violently than it had been doing. Muffled screams rose up from the rows of masked passengers as the plane tilted alarmingly to one side. We were losing altitude fast. "Horace, wake up! We need you to land this plane." "The plane? I've never flown a plane before! You've got to be loony!" "You're a son of Hermes, god of travel. If anyone can land this plane, you can." With a worried look on his face, Horace limped his way up the aisle to the ruined cockpit. After a few minutes of anxious turbulence, Horace hollered that he could stabilize the plane for ten minutes, then attempt a crash landing. With some concern, he added that the plane was several thousand pounds too heavy to hope for a decent chance of survival. Turning to Phoebe, I silently asked her if she could work her "shadow travel" magic on a planeful of people. Knowing that this was a life-or-death situation, she gave a quiet nod. Curling up on her seat to concentrate, she yelled, "Horace, I need you to dim all the cabin lights you can. I might be able to get rid of the mortals so we can safely land this thing." "Sure thing, milady." Within a few seconds, nearly every light had gone off, with the windows as the only source of light. The entire cabin was thrown into deep shadow. Phoebe screwed her eyes shut, focusing an immense amount of energy on the rather mysterious shadow travel. Phoebe was radiating waves of eerie arcane power that somehow leeched the light from the windows. "Tell Horace to get as low to the ground as possible." Phoebe said in a strained whisper. I relayed the message, and by the time the plane had dropped as low as possible without it being torn apart, the shadows surrounding the passengers were so thick they were nearly solid. The darkness rippled and swam before my eyes, overwhelming me. Suddenly, the thick shadow melted away along with all of the passengers. I glanced at Phoebe and saw that she was contorted on the ground, faintly twitching, and paler than snow. I lifted her into my arms and tried to find a pulse in her cold body. It was there, but very faint. I pulled some of Florian's healing liquid, nectar, out of his bag. I carefully poured some of the sweet-smelling elixir down Phoebe's throat. "Whatever just happened back there was exactly what needed to happen." Horace shouted back to us. "I think I can land this thing safe enough, but just in case, can Florian play some sort of force field tune on his harmonica?" I replied by saying, "I don't think so. He's pretty spent. He's conscious, but exhausted. Phoebe literally just nearly killed herself, but how could she not have? She teleported dozens of people with nothing but her mind." "That's incredible!" responded Horace. "Which god is her parent? Her powers are freakishly strong. I have never seen a demigod with that much power, much less, a ten-year-old!" Suddenly, the plane filled with green Mist, and a deep, powerful woman's voice rang throughout the cabin. " You have seen the might of Hecate. No more will her children be overlooked. Instead, they will be respected, treated as equals to those born of even the highest gods. Phoebe Miriam Lancaster, you will begin an age of respect and honor, where the minor gods and the major gods are united. Together, we will stand strong. All gods and all demigods, hand in hand, to-" Phoebe cut off her mother's voice, screaming, "Look out! They want to destroy-" In an instant, the plane disintegrated into a thousand pieces of burning rubble. Falling, falling. A scream, a sob. Blink. Opening my eyes, I find myself a few yards from the wreckage of the airplane. My clothes are burnt and my bones ache, but other than that, I'm unharmed. How can that be? I was in the plane when it blew up. Understanding dawned on me like some divine message. Phoebe had given the last of her essence to get us to safety. Us? Safety? Glancing around, I see an unconscious Florian and a weeping Horace. We are near the summit of a hill topped with an enormous pine tree. Where are we? With a groan, Florian sits up. Looking around, I can see that he understands what happened too. But then, he perks up, seeming to recognise the terrain around us. "Camp Halfblood! She used up her last bit of power to get us safely to Camp Halfblood. Bless that dear girl. May she be honored and long remembered. Phoebe Miriam Lancaster, daughter of Hecate, powerful demigod and great friend. Died to protect the friends she had just met. May the waters of Elysium heal her pain." Standing to his hooves, Florian gestured for me and Horace to follow him up the hill. Walking away from the rubble of the airplane, I felt depressed at first, despair filling my soul like poison, but then I found myself filled with hope. Hope for a better future. A future of trust, unity, respect, and peace. Hope for the future Phoebe had given her life for.