lifted a finger to point at the large painting on the wall. "You… did this? All of this?" Will looked at the artwork himself. On top of, to the left, and to the right of the canvas was all the various types of drawings Will had done. On the bottom was his evaluation and written explanation of his pieces. All of his art was of a winged Nico. The charcoal picture was a view from below, and it captured Nico in full flight, his black wings spread out and an oddly serene expression on his face. The top of his body was done lighter than the rest to represent the sun washing over him. In Will's pencil sketch, Nico was shirtless and facing away with his back the prime subject of the picture. The two wings that were part of his character were hanging limply from his shoulder blades and stray feathers were floating in the air around him. The boy in the drawing was looking over his shoulder with an expression of anguish on his face. A collage was beside the pencil sketch, and it had been done using teeny tiny little square bits of tissue paper glued onto white cardboard. It almost looked like a mosaic, is not for the pieces overlapping each other. It depicted just the top half of Nico's face – his black-brown eyes stormy, his nose crinkled in a scowl and his eyebrows drawn together in anger. His black hair was frozen in an air-ruffled state. The rest of his face – his mouth, chin and jaw – were hidden behind what were obviously his wings, which were done with scary precision so that the individual feathers were still obvious. The rest of the wall was scattered with more pictures like this, done in different ways – digital, pen, fabric, and the like. More drawings were simply done in pencil showing the winged Nico at different angles. Beautiful as they all were, they only managed to frame the canvas work Will had spent hours and hours on. It was a replica of the night he'd followed Nico outside. The tree was painted with dark brown and green mingling together, and the top of the picture had a branch overhang in it that cut the moon in half. Nico was seated at the base of the tree like he usually was, but this time his wings were around him. One was flicked up in the air, and the other was lying on the ground. In his black clothes and jacket with his features just as defined as they were when Will had drawn him, Nico looked slightly haunted but simultaneously at peace. His half-hooded eyes were looking away from the audience and his head was tipped back against the bark, his mouth a thin line. At the top of the painting in curving white words was the title: The Midnight Angel "Yeah," Will answered Nico's question. "I suppose I did." Nico slowly looked up at him with an expression like he didn't know whether he should cry or punch Will. Will sincerely hoped he'd do neither. "It's…" Nico seemed to search for a word, "…beautiful." "Well, you are beautiful." Will slapped a hand over his mouth and his face blazed red. Nico's eyes widened to the size of dinner plates as the arts student breathed in and out in panic. "Oh, shit-" Will felt fingers fisting in his collar and he took his hands away from his face to start apologising before Nico head-butted him into oblivion. But the tension on his clothes wasn't making him bend down. Will looked at Nico, only to see the smaller boy had grabbed his shirt and buried his face in Will's jacket. "You idiot, Solace," Nico whispered. He gulped against Will's chest and then, even quieter, he said, "I think you're…" Will's brain started sparking and suddenly he relaxed, bringing his own arms around and pulling Nico closer to him. He remembered the detail he'd read in Nico's work; the care he'd taken with writing Will to be exactly who he was. "A rouge sunbeam," Will finished for him. Nico looked up at Will. The art student raised his eyebrows at his friend – maybe more now? – and playfully messed up his already dishevelled hair. "Why didn't you tell me your stuff was on display here too, di Angelo?" Nico blinked. Once. And again. Then he shoved Will and stormed towards where his work was displayed, throwing what would look like an expression of loathing to anyone who didn't know him over his shoulder. But to Will it was an invitation. Come with me, maybe? The art student followed Nico through the crowd, waving to him. "Wait up, di Angelo!" He caught the black haired boy halfway there and slung an arm over his shoulder. "So," Will started, "I only got to read the first page of your work and you seem like a good plot strategist. So-" He looked down at Nico, who was staring back at him. "- I have a question about a story I know. "There's two guys in it – one of them is the embodiment of the sun with waving golden hair and eyes bluer than the sky. The other is beautiful, with black wings and skin like milk. What I'd like to know is…" Will stopped walking and watched Nico carefully. "Would the Midnight Angel like to go out with the Rouge Sunbeam?" His answer was a quiet, feather-light kiss to the corner of his mouth, and Will gently linked their hands as he and Nico wandered the arts display that had brought them together. Smiling softly, Will came to the conclusion that, whoever had glued his eyes to the boy across the library, he was definitely giving them a medal. My fingers slipped. (Update: The cover picture was drawn by the incredibly talented royal-society-of-pandas on Tumblr and they're beautiful thank you so much it looks like heaven on paper)