young and you would turn into a brittle old man that needs one of those wheelie things that the people in the mall had." Calypso tried for a smile but it came out as a grimace. Leo held a straight face and before long his lips curled to a smile. The corners of my lips quirked up involuntarily and we both giggled. Leo wrapped his arms around my waist and he hugged me a little tighter. I put my head on his chest and I could hear his beating irregularly. He kissed my forehead and he broke the calm silence between us. "I'm so glad I landed on your island." Leo murmured in my ear and I looked into his eyes. I snorted. "You do make lasting impressions." Leo smiled and for once I could really see what effect Leo had on me. My face flushed and I grew flustered under his gaze. I played with his hair while Leo tapped his fingers against my forearm. I paused and looked at Leo questionably. "You seem to do that often." Leo stopped humming and his finger tapping stopped. "Do what?" I tried to mimic his tapping but it wasn't even close to what he was doing. Leo ears burned and he tried not to set himself on fire. "It's something I used to do with my mom. Its Morse code, a human way of communication." I slowly nodded my head and I looked at him to continue. Leo continued the tapping and drew out each of the taps. "This means " I " Two quick taps on my arm. " love " One long tap and three quick taps. " you " One long tap and one quick tap. He shut his eyes and I only stood there in his lap, trying so hard to remember how to function again. That's what he was tapping on me during the whole ride home? I didn't know how to respond so instead of saying something, I clasped my hands with his and I kissed his chapped lips. I poured every ounce of love and adoration I have for my Leo and I cupped his cheek and tried to express the things I couldn't say. Leo seemed shocked at the intensity of the kiss but he shut his eyes and kissed me back with gusto. The kiss slowly intensified and Leo turned more dominant. Leo and I didn't pull away until we both were gasping for air. Want pooled in my stomach and I struggled to maintain my self-control. I looked down at Leo and I saw his eyes were swimming in love and hunger. Leo looked at my bruised lips, and my eyes were specked with lust. I took a deep breath and counted to ten. Leo did the same and when he looked at me again, the hunger and lust were gone but the love still shone through. Leo traced the outside of my face and I placed a chaste kiss on his cheek. Leo mustered a smile and he croaked out "Every single time." I nodded and I leaned closer to his warm chest. I mustered my courage and I licked my lips to moisten them. "Leo?" I softly asked and Leo looked down at my direction. "Yes mi sol ?" I quickly said what was on my mind before I lost the courage to do so. "Thank you so much for getting me off the island Leo. And for coming back and loving me. All I'm trying to say that is I love you so much." "I love you." I added and I let out a sigh. My eyes prickled and tears pooled around my eyes. Leo wiped them away with the pad of his thumb. He shushed me and he rocked me before I could really break down. I finally said the words. There was finally someone that had captured my heart fully and I fell stead hard for him. There was no way I could go back without having Leo at my side. After having many affairs with other heroes I finally had a man that I can call mine fully. He had Odysseus's intelligence and quick thinking, Drake's charm and good looks, and Percy's loyalty and his sense of ongoing easiness. But even when you add all of it up, that doesn't even come close to compare with Leo. He's more than that. He absolutely loved to tell corny jokes, tinker and repair broken objects, and loves to repeat lines of his favorite telenovelas to me. Leo peppered my neck with kisses and my toes curled in delight. He's an absolute gentleman and knows how to treat a lady. Leo a broken joker and he is said to repair anything he could get his hands on. I didn't doubt that one bit for he had fixed my broken heart. As cheesy as this may be, he loved telling me compliments and when I refused, he would insist they were true. The list goes on and on but as Leo holds me close to him, his arms protectively around me, nothing really mattered as long as I have him with me. Leo sighed and I could feel tonight's events wear my body down. My eyes started to droop and I yawned. I pressed my lips against Leo's chest and my lips lingered there. I whispered I love you once again before sleep pulls me under and I snuggled closer to him. As my breath steadied and I could feel Leo, I realized I couldn't have traded Leo for the world. Leo's grip on me tightened and I slowly exhaled. I hummed so that could make Leo sleep and I counted to myself so I can fall asleep. A little later and I was done. Just before I teetered between consciousness and unconsciousness, I heard Leo's whisper and I once again for the billionth time I fell for Leo all over again. " I love you to Sunshine." ~Justanothercaleoshipper~