Carter said, not returning my grin So we told the story of how we met, and what we did. Then he tried explaining to his angry girlfriend why he hid this from her. She gave him a stern look that would've made me run for the hills, but Carter stayed his ground and told the story. "Sadie got on me for not telling her about you, apparently her and some girl named Annabeth met up," He said "Had a pretty similar story to your's, I talked her into keeping it a secret." "Annabeth never told me about that." I said "Wait, so you do know Annabeth." He said "Yeah, she's my girlfriend." I told, him rolling my eyes "Of course she is," Carter said "So why exactly did you ummmm Iris Message me?" "Well it's kind of a long story, and I was hoping that you could help me figure it out." I told him "Fire away." He said And so I told him about my dream. I told him about everything. Carter seemed to understand that dreams for demigods were not just dreams. In fact, not only did he understand it, it seemed like he went through the same stuff. When I got to the part about Athena missing, he stopped me. "Sadie said she felt a disturbance a few days ago, and she went to investigate, she never came back," He said "Do you think maybe whoever kidnapped that goddess is behind it all?" "That's exactly what I think" I said "Well, we need to get to the bottom of this quickly," He said "I'll work on my end and you work on your's, when you've got something to share, hit me up on this thing again." "Got it, and what if you need to get ahold of me?" I asked "I've got my own ways." He said "PERCY COME QUICK," My friend Grover's voice sounded from outside as he banged on my door "THERE IS A DEMIGOD COMING ACROSS THE PROPERTY LINE AND HE'S GOT A MANTICORE HOT ON HIS HEELS" "I have to go, Carter," I said "Happy hunting" "You too." He said I swept my hand through the image and disconnected it. I ripped opened the door and found Grover panting. He looked as if he was about ready to drop dead of exhaustion, but he inhaled several deep breaths and steadied himself. "What's happening?" I demanded "Demigod….Manticore." He said gasping for air I grabbed Riptide off of my dresser and made a dash for the door. I followed Grover across the camp. When we arrived at the hill I saw an unarmed demigod facing down a Manticore. He was wearing a pair of sagging jeans, a black All for Glory shirt, a pair of white and blue Jordans, and a blue, flat-billed snapback with white lettering on it covering his shaggy, auburn hair. It had the same font used on the old Compton hats but my dyslexia was killing me trying to read it, but I could've sworn it said something like Crooklyn. As I drew closer, I realized he wasn't unarmed, he held a Ruger in his left hand. He had long, shaggy, hair and a wicked scar running through his left eye, making him look very intimidating, even against a Manticore. "KID, BACK DOWN THAT THINGS GONNA KILL YOU!" I yelled at him The Manitcore snarled and, in response, the kid raised his gun and fired. The shot hit the Manticore in the chest, and it would've been a kill if he had celestial bronze bullets. He seemed shocked that the Manticore hadn't dropped dead. And so he fired two more shots. Again, they went straight through him. The kid tucked the gun back into his waistband and now began backing away, but very slowly. "MOVE IDIOT!" One of the other demigods yelled The Manticore's spiky tail flicked out and a spike flew at the kid and struck him in the stomach. He cried out in pain and sank to his knees, leaving him wide open to an attack from the Manticore. Nobody was actually close enough to help him, and he'd be dead if we didn't get close enough soon. "SOMEBODY GET UP THERE!" I said, running forward The Manticore's tail flicked out again, looking for a killing blow. Then, the kid did something that earned him my permanent respect. He lurched to the side, and grabbed the Manticore's tail just above the spiked tip, and ripped the spike out of his stomach. It ripped it's tail back, flinging the kid through the air. He let go of his tail and came down, right on top of the Manticore, and drove the spike into it's neck. Everybody rushed forward at once the second the Manticore began to dissolve, screaming in pain as he did so. "Oh shit." The kid coughed, spitting up blood Then he fell and passed out, blood gushing from the open wound in his stomach. By now, Annabeth had arrived and I moved in to help her. I grabbed the kid's arm and Annabeth grabbed his other arm, and we began to drag him. As we moved him, his eyes flickered for a minute and I saw his eyes, and then I dropped him in shock. "Percy, don't just stand there help me," Annabeth screamed "What's wrong with you?" "His eyes, Annabeth did you see his eyes?" I asked, panicking "No, what about them?" She demanded "His eyes were silver." Sorry about the cliff hanger but this is kinda long. Plus it's really later where I live. Also it's a school night. Also I am combining the Kane chronicles and The Percy Jackson series into this one. I have read the son of Sobek but I haven't read the Staff of Serapis. So sorry if some stuff from that is a little bit off. Until next time dear friends DISCLAIMER: I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIONS OR THE KANE CHRONICLES OR THE HEROES OF OLYMPUS