battle. Please lower your weapons." I glanced back at the other four girls who were making their way around us to stand beside Zoe. I lowered my bow and Reyna lowered her sword. Zoe shifted her gaze behind me and smiled at Ladon. "I see ye hath found a new master." She said to him Ladon lowered himself almost protectively above Reyna and I. The other four girls, who I at this point had figured out were the Hesperides, glared at me, clearly angry at me for taking their dragon. "Tell me, how did ye come by our dragon Eli?" Zoe asked conversationally "How do you know my name?" I asked her "Ye don't think Lady Artemis and I still speak on occasion?" She asked "I know all about thee, and thy brother." "He's evading thy question," One of the Hesperides said angrily "How did ye come by our dragon?" I told them the story of how Ladon had arrived with the enemy army and I had been able to calm him down enough to take control. Best I could figure he might have been under some sort of spell but I doubt it. When I finished, only Zoe didn't look surprised. In fact, she looked as if she'd already heard it, she just wanted clarification. "So since I told you how I got your dragon," I ventured "Would you like to tell me why he left?" "Monsters came, Ladon destroyed a lot of them but they destroyed the tree," One of the Hesperides explained "When the tree was destroyed Ladon flew into a rage. They somehow managed to get him all the way to Camp Half-Blood and set him loose on ye." "Where were you guys?" Reyna asked, speaking for the first time since we had arrived "We could not stop them," Another Hesperides protested "We are not warriors." "Tis not important." Zoe interrupted "What is important is the answers ye seek." "You know what Kronos is up to?" I asked her "I know not of Kronos's involvement in this matter," She said "But I can show ye where to find the answer." "Zoe," a Hesperide protested "Tis dangerous. They will be slain." "Maybe," Zoe said "Maybe not." "We can handle whatever is on Mount Othrys," Reyna assured her "Just get us there." "Ye are confident in this matter," Zoe said "But thou hath no idea what lies ahead." "We can handle it." I said, my hand blazing with silver light Zoe raised her eyebrows, clearly impressed. The four Hesperides just looked at me like I might attack them. Zoe shrugged and motioned for us to follow her but before we could moved, the Hesperides stopped us. "First," One said "Ladon belongs to us." "Ladon is a free spirit," I said "And for now, he's with me." "Ladon has guarded this place for centuries." She protested "Then maybe he wants a change of scenery." I countered Ladon made a grumbling sound and I looked back at him. He shifted his massive dragon feet back and forth and looked back and forth between me and the Hesperides. "I sense Ladon's loyalties are to the son of Diana now," Zoe said "And this is something ye cannot change sister." Sister? "Fine!" She exclaimed "If he wants to take Ladon then fine!" The four of them disappeared back into the fog and I turned to Zoe. She held a small frown on her face but motioned us to follow her. I raised my bow again and followed. Now that I was close and paying attention, I realized that Zoe was slightly transparent. I had no idea why she was here if she was dead, but I had learned not to question anything unless absolutely necessary. Reyna was behind me with her sword and Ladon was behind her. He kept on glancing back at where what remained of his tree had been. I felt a little bit bad for him. "You okay buddy?" I asked, falling back a bit to stand next to him He gave a small whimper. I swear I never thought dragons could make these noises but they're just like big lizard-like dogs. I reached up and patted his side, then kept moving. I'm telling you, for a dragon, he could move really quietly when he wanted to. "We're almost there," Zoe said "Are ye sure about this." Reyna nodded and Zoe kept moving. We came out of the garden onto a bunch of black rocks. I glanced around at all the rocks and began to realize something. It looked like rubble from a building, as though a castle had been leveled here. Zoe ducked down and motioned for us to do the same. I heard noises and bangs as we crept up the side. Ladon stayed behind so that we could move quicker if we needed to. I figured if he had to, he'd get us out of here in a heartbeat. We came behind a giant black stone that had pieces crumbling off of it. Zoe, Reyna, and I pushed ourselves up to peek over the top, and I almost gasped out loud when I saw what was on the other side. "Oh my gods." Reyna whispered Badabing badaboom. We out. So that was the first chapter, hit that review pretty pretty please. I'm begging ya'll I love it when I get them reviews. Straight up makes my day. I hope ya'll liked it, I put a lot of effort into this one because it's starting to get to the point where it just goes down. And for those of you that are wondering, I am not going to reveal Antonio's godly parent until a later chapter although some of you may have figured it out by now. If you haven't, well you will soon. Anyways read and review, flames and suggestions are accepted. God bless all of ya'll who been riding with me since the first day, I love you guys. See ya in the next chapter.