the sparkle in his eyes. But he didn't respond. He was gone a moment later. Nova crouched and began to cry into her hands. At least, she knew, she'd be back at camp soon and it would occupy her enough that she wouldn't have time to dwell over Peter. Dick stared at his coach. Basketball season was long over, but his coach was telling him when to show up to school, over his summer break, for training and conditioning, as well how many miles he was supposed to run each week. He doubted he would. After all, Dick wasn't even sure he'd be remaining in school. He had gotten a job waiting tables on weekends, and he knew that if he worked full time, he'd end up making more money than several of his teachers when tips were added in. And, to top it off, he had a fake ID and could probably get a second job as a bartender. He didn't drink, but he could make mixed drinks. "Do you understand me?" Coach Wallace asked. "I understand you," Dick said. "But it's not happening. I'm not spending my summer running myself ragged." "Do you want a spot on varsity next year?" Coach Wallace's face began to turn red. "Are you saying you'd cut your best player because he didn't run a marathon over the summer? Because, I can tell you, that would be your mistake." Dick gave his coach a smirk before turning around. The last bell of the school year was about to ring, and he didn't want to spend another moment there. "If you don't show up to conditioning, don't bother coming to try-outs," Coach Wallace said. "Whatever, Coach ," Dick said and walked out. He knew that it didn't matter. Dick wasn't just the best player on the team, he was the team. Dick always was the highest scorer, and he had never lost a game. However, due to his dyslexia and how school never held his attention, he often didn't have high enough grades to participate in games, and when he wasn't on the court, the team lost. Within an hour of summer break starting, Dick found himself at work. He easily dodged through the other waiters and guests, carrying a large tray of food. A table of four girls had all ordered appetizers as their meals. It happened in his section rather often, which annoyed him, because that meant lower tips, but it also happened often enough that he had collected a number of cell numbers and more than enough dates over the past few months. "When does your shift end?" one girl asked, spinning her red curls around her finger. Dick smiled at her, noticing her skimpy top and pouted lips. Oh, he could have a lot of fun with her. "I have my meal break in five minutes," he said. She smiled, showing her white, and surprisingly sharp teeth. "Perfect," she said. "I'll meet you in the alley then?" "Five minutes," he said. He walked back to the kitchen, making sure that he had no more tables to tend to, before taking off his apron and hanging it on his hook. After all, there was a beautiful girl waiting for him in the alley. "What's your name?" she asked, as he got there. She was leaning against the wall, still curling her finger in her hair. "Dick," He said, before bending forward and pressing his lips to hers. He grabbed her waist and pulled her body against his. Her fingers slipped into his hair, and he was quite enjoying himself until she bit his lip. Dick pulled back and tasted a little blood, as her teeth had actually ripped his lip open. He looked at her, suddenly seeing her image flicker a bit before his eyes. Fire in her hair. Mismatched legs. Dick let her go, but she had a hold on his hair. "What's wrong, Dick?" Trying to pull him forward as her image flickered again. Dick pushed her against the brick wall, hard, what would hurt most girls, but she just chuckled. He did it again, harder, enough so that she released his hair. He stumbled backwards. "What are you?" "Your end," she simply laughed. She took a step toward him, her heel clacking sounding more like a hoof than a show. The next step sounded like metal hitting concrete. He took a few more steps back until his back hit a wall. Something was very wrong with her. His hand found a trashcan, and in it, what felt like a hilt of some sort. He pulled it out, hoping it would be a weapon of some sort, but instead found a flashlight. She laughed, but it would have to do. He pressed the button, hoping to catch her off guard by shining light into her eyes. Instead, a dark colored metal shot out the top, forming into a long, thin blade. The girl's eyes flashed and the curling, fiery colored hair turned into real fire. "Do you even know how to use that?" she asked with a small cackle. "Of course I do," Dick said. He charged forward, dodged her claws as best he could, and shoved the blade into her heart. "Stick them with the pointy end," he said close to her ear as she turned to dust. "I'll get you some day," she whispered before she was fully gone. Dick breathed deeply, before looking at the short sword in his hand. It felt completely right to be in his hand. The hilt looked like that of a sword, but it had a small button. When he pressed the button, it turned back into a flashlight. Whoever had thrown that sword out had to be whack, he decided. He moved to put the flashlight into his pocket, and winced, realizing that there were a few deep scratches on his arm. He'd have to clean and bandage those before his break was over. Thanks for reading and please review.