teeth real quick. I grabbed two protein bars one chocolate and the other vanilla. I raced out the door and I made my way to my backyard and moved to the farthest right corner to kick a flimsy fence post. I pushed it and I immediately felt the difference of our yards. Mine was soft and plushy while Leo's was slightly moist and lumpy. I held the protein bars behind my back while I made my way over to where Leo was. I glanced over Leo's shoulder and I frowned at the position Leo was in. "You know-" Leo immediately shot to his feet and he dropped what he was holding and grasped his chest. "Bronze and bulls girl you almost gave me a heart attack!" I put one of my hands on my hips and stuck out a protein bar. His eyes brightened at the sight of the treat but when he reached for it I pulled it away. "You know if you bend your body in that way, you could get scoliosis." Leo went pfft . "Scoliosis?" I rolled my eyes at the way he dismissed the topic of scoliosis. "It's serious Leo!" Leo hummed and he returned back to his project. I leaned over him and I watched in fascination as he effortlessly bended melted bronze to shapes. "I have mom's special gloves." He wiggled his fingers which were encased in a heavy covering over fire resistant cloth. He leaned down and crawled under the machine. "What are you doing that for?" Leo grunted as he fought tightening a bolt on the machine. "It's for mechanics class." Calypso nodded her head and before she even said something, Leo interrupted her. "Stacey is going to come over and help me finish it." Leo tugged and the bolt was in place. He patted the from the machine's bottom. Her resolve broke. "Who's Stacey?!" Leo eyes widened at her outburst and he slipped under the contraption. "A friend from Mechanics club, I don't think you know her she's kinda- "The door bell rung and Leo ran to go get it, leaving Calypso alone and confused. She watched in anger as Leo came in talking to a short but pretty girl. The girl had short shoulder cut hair and the color seemed almost jet black. She wore a toolbelt almost like Leo but it was filled with more tools than his. Leo explained the situation to the girl and she nodded as she listened to Leo. The girl took one look at the machine and she immediately set to work with Leo. Calypso climbed Leo's tree and settled in the treehouse Leo had when they were little. They always used to come here to talk and do homework with each other. She wondered why they stopped hanging out here as she traced the patterns they drew when they built the treehouse. She watched from above on what Leo and Stacey were doing. Stacey and Leo worked in almost perfect synch because of the orders they stated to each other. Calypso snarled whenever Stacey touched Leo to get his attention to see if she fixed the part up like he wanted. Stacey was a pretty girl no doubt but that didn't explain the anger Calypso felt when the girl touched Leo. A few more agonizing hours and they were done with the machine. Calypso crossed her arms as she felt her blood boil. The girl waved goodbye and Leo walked her to the front door. Calypso picked an apple of his tree and angrily bit into it. She munched on the apple and she ignored Leo's calls from below. Leo let out a huff and he climbed the tree as well. She felt a stab of guilt hit her in the stomach but she ignored it when Leo popped his head in the window. He had a confused look in his face when he asked "why didn't you stay down?" Calypso shrugged. She didn't know what all the anger was about in the first place anyways. "Move over, I'm coming in." Calypso scooted to a side and Leo went in through the window. Calypso took out the snacks she had for her and Leo. She passed a protein bar and an apple to Leo and he thanked her for the snack. Their hands brushed against each other's and for a split second Calypso felt a tingle where their hands touched. She instead looked around the treehouse. "Why did we stop coming here?" Leo shrugged. 'I don't know, we probably grew out of it." Calypso tapped her hands on the base of the treehouse. "I still like it." Leo looked up. "You do?" Calypso nodded and she said "I had so many fond memories coming over here and talking to you." Leo grinned. "It was a lot of fun." "Do you remember the times we hid in here from my cousins?" Calypso laughed. "Or the times you scared your dad half to death because he couldn't find you?" They both were rolling around laughing as they recalled the fun times they had with the treehouse. Calypso brushed a tear away. "I don't know why we ever stopped coming here." Leo nodded while smiling "Yeah it would be fun if we did still." Calypso stuck her hand out. She hasn't used this phrase in a long time but she was happy that she could say it again. "Are you up for tree house time?" Leo caught on. "Yeah I'm up for it." All that could be heard from the treehouse were the sounds of laughter and sometimes a scream of fright whenever a spider settled near Calypso. The two kids didn't get out of the treehouse until the very second there curfew ran out. The two kids giggled and from that day forward, they would at least have an hour of treehouse time and Calypso was more than glad for it. Means more time with Leo and she was more than okay with that.