the years, the scar of bearing the sky had dulled to a muted grey. Which didn't stand out so much as it used to in contrast to my raven-black hair. "I assure you, Lady Artemis, that our demigod will have the chariot soon enough." Chiron said, both aligning the conversation back on-subject and regaining the goddess' attention. "Speaking of your demigod…" Artemis crossed her arms and rose a slender brow, "Do you know where she is?" Chiron hesitated. "Not for certain… No definite location, no." "I never completely trusted my reliability in the god-spawns," Artemis said, "So, naturally, I had my lieutenant follow the girl." I blinked. "Thalia?" "That's right," Artemis mused, "I forgot you two are friends." Thalia and I never really saw eye-to-eye. Schist, I think we bicker more than agree, but I love that huntress to pieces. "And what has come of it?" Chiron asked wearily. He seemed to know the answer before Artemis even spoke. "Booked a flight for England," Artemis uncrossed her arms, looking smug. "Now, seeing that your own has abandoned the quest – for I highly doubt that whoever took my chariot would dare to leave western civilization – I am fully in my rights to track down my own chariot." I was having trouble comprehending these words. I stood there, numb as a snowman, staring incredulously at the goddess. Chiron closed his eyes and shook his head. He looked to me, sympathy evident in his expression. "I don't believe you," I said. I met Artemis' eyes, "She wouldn't do that. I know Annabeth, she would never abandon a quest. She would never abandon… me. " "Males," Artemis snorted, "Always thinking for yourselves." Annabeth… gone? The possibility was so utterly illogical that I simply could not picture it in my mind. Annabeth gone. We had been a steady couple for years, we had cried together, nearly died together, laughed together, and danced together. Annabeth gone. We had gone through so much, was it probable for her leaving? Annabeth gone. She can't be. "Tell me you're lying," I stepped toward Artemis. I felt something begin to stir deep within myself, like a storm breathing dangerous life into the sky. " Tell me you're lying, " I took another step closer. I failed to notice the storm clouds brewing. My eyes were on Artemis. " I'm begging you." I hissed these last words through clenched teeth. Thunder pealed over the gathering storm clouds, responding to my anguish of utter loss. Artemis gazed over at me with her beautiful silver eyes, as if weighing a response. She didn't look so sympathetic, just a bit aggrieved. Whether it was my disrespect or my heartsick torment I didn't know. She turned to Chiron and spoke more softly. "I will return in a day. I will allow one other demigod to be chosen for the quest for integrity's sake. Don't disappoint me." She flashed away in a shower of silver stars. It began to rain. Some campers began to complain, giving Jason sharp glares, who shrugged his innocence. The weather wasn't spontaneous in camp, Zeus' power over the weather protected the camp from unwelcome rainfalls. Mud gathered around my combat boots as I just stood there in the rain. Chiron withdrew to the Director's Cabin, and soon the campers, ignoring Coach Hedge's and Little Chuck's roared (and squeaked) protests, ran off to take shelter in their cabins as well. Lindsey stood at my side a while longer, a hand on my shoulder, but even she left. I was completely dry. As Son of the Stormbringer, I had never summoned a storm before. At least not a full-scape deluge like this. However, I remained immobile, staring blankly at the ground. Annabeth was gone. She had left for England. Why? Have you ever thought of leaving your life of monsters and quests behind, Percy? She had once asked. We were sitting on a beach that evening, she had been leaning her head on my shoulder, my arm around her waist, Leaving this behind? I had laughed, That would mean leaving you behind, Wise Girl. Leaving me behind… Annabeth had whispered. She had sounded a bit uneasy, and I had been about to ask her what was the matter, until she snuggled a bit closer to me. We hadn't spoken the rest of that evening, just enjoying each other's company. So here I sit now, upon the very spot where that question had been asked. The beach is calmly rolling along the shores and I'm grateful for the soothing sound they make. I write this in ink, for it seems that nothing laid upon paper cannot be trusted. I'll be leaving, my friends. But I must say that I'm not leaving because of you guys, you should know that. I just need some breathing room… some time on my own to… I dunno. Find myself, I guess? That sounds stupid. I think I'll head west, over the country. Don't worry about me, guys. I can take care of myself, you know that more than anybody. I might pay New Rome a visit, take college there. Say hi to Frank and Hazel, haven't seen those two in ages. Hades, I might stop by Hylla and the Amazons, see if I can get a free deal on some sweet gadgets. The thing is I'm leaving, I'm freeing myself from the tether of dread that tied me to grief. I don't expect to return soon. Without regrets and with much love, P.J. … For those who failed to put the pieces together, yes, what Percy wrote was a goodbye letter xD I don't think that any future chapters will contain First Person narrative. So, eh… what say you? Shall I continue? More information will come, and perhaps hints of Lindsey's godly parentage. Who is she? Why does she look familiar? And how the heck am I going to turn this into a pertemis fic? Well, stay tuned for more legends, monsters, and battles! :D TheWildFiles