to his hair, her fingers entangling themselves in the silky black strands. He grew bold and shifted over top of her, deepening the kiss in the process. She broke away with a gasp, then placed a line of kisses from his jaw to his neck. His groan rushed through her when she focused on a certain spot just underneath his jaw. His fingers twisted themselves in her hair, his breath hot against her ear. She continued kissing him, her hands running over his strong back. Eventually, she pulled at the hem of his dress shirt. He stilled. His muscled completely rigged. "Annabeth," he said hoarsely. She kissed his lips again. Their mouths morphed together in perfect sync. She moaned against him. He separated from her suddenly, his eyes appearing frantic. "Annabeth," he repeated, more urgently this time. "What is it?" She placed her hand on his cheek. "What's wrong?" "I..." He slid off of her as he gulped in large breaths of air. "I'm sorry..." His hands were shaking. "Could we, um. Could we slow down a bit?" "Of course. We can go as slow as you want." She turned, resting on her side to look at him. A pang of guilt hitting her chest as she gazed at his anguished face. "Does this have to do with...?" "Yeah." He paused, taking his time to answer. "I heard him sometimes. My room was next to theirs and I could hear him forcing himself on her, making these noises and-" He stopped, taking a shuddering breath. "I know that will never happen with you. I know that. It's just... Anything that involves being intimate with someone reminds me of that. These flashes just pop up in my head and it's like I'm back there, locked in my room, feeling helpless. I know it's insane-" "It's not," she said assuredly. "You were traumatized, Percy. You're not crazy for thinking this way. You've been through so much and I just wish..." "Wish what?" he mumbled. His eyes were so dark she could barely make out the green before he closed them. "I wish I could take it all away," she confessed. "I wish I could bear it for myself so that you don't have to. I don't want you to feel this way." He was silent for a long time. So long in fact that she thought he had fallen asleep, but then he opened his eyes that were so soft and loving and full of pain. "Annabeth," he said, his voice strong and sure. "I've realized something during these past few months. The pain and the darkness that exist inside me will never go away. It's going to stay there in the back of my mind, lingering there for the rest of my life. But whether or not I let it take over and control my life is up to me. It's easy to fall into it, to let it consume me, but..." He shifted closer to her, his forehead resting against hers. "But you've shown me that I can fight it. That I don't have to be miserable. That I have a chance at being happy." She stared at him in awe as he wrapped an arm around her waist, the heat of his body searing through the material of her dress. The small smile gracing his face making her want to profess her love for him all over again. "I'm not saying it will be simple, but given time I think things will get easier. It'll get easier to think of my mom and not focus on the terrible times we endured. And it'll get easier to see myself positively and to think of myself as worthy enough to be with someone like you. It will. I know it will because you'll be there with me. And, honestly, I'm so amazed that you love me so much as to want to take my pain away, but you don't have to and, really, I don't want you to. Just keep being who you are, Annabeth. That's more than enough for me." Her voice trembled, overwhelmed with emotion. "I love you so freaking much, Percy." He cradled her face in his hands and kissed her slowly, then whispered against her lips, "I love you too. I always will." He smiled then, big and bright and absolutely brilliantly. And Annabeth knew right at that moment, that she had never seen anything as beautiful as Percy's happiness. ~oOo~ "You did it." He stared at her, the fear in his eyes gradually being replaced with hope and joy. "Are you sure?" "Dear Mister Jackson," she read. "We are honoured to inform you of your acceptance into-" He snapped the letter from her hands, his eyes flying over the words. A grin spread and remained perfectly etched across his face. "I did it," he said, still sounding like he didn't believe it. She wound her arms around his neck. "Percy Jackson: The Art Student... Has a nice ring to it don't you think?" He chuckled, his hands resting on her waist. "I'm still kind of taking it all in. It's hard to accept that this is actually happening." "It is though, and I'm so proud of you." She pecked his cheek. "I expect the girlfriend discount when you become famous." "Of course," he said, amused. "I'll make anything for you." A mischievous glint shined in her eyes. "Draw me like one of your French girls, Percy?" His entire face flushed and her heart thundered in her chest at his flustered state. "Very funny." She kissed him as an apology, running her hands in his hair and holding him close. They weren't perfect, but they were getting there. Percy still had bad days and Annabeth did her best to help him out of it, but things were getting better. Life was getting easier. Little by little, they would make it. And as long as they were together, nothing would stop them from having their happy ending. Fin.