most of it. Charges had been filed of course, but his big league Daddy had them dropped for some payable sum. She turned around glowering at both Jean and Jamie who were standing there with Landon. He took a few nervous steps toward her, but Annabeth wasn't having it. She side-stepped around him and went for the girls. She slapped Jamie right across the face and as Jean tried to aim a punch she caught her fist and, you guessed it, judo-flipped her right onto the concrete quad. She gathered up her things, offered a fairly offensive farewell gesture to the two dumbstruck bimbos and stomped off. She didn't make it far though. As soon as she entered the building, the principal was waiting. She took Annabeth into her office and lectured her over the opportunity she had received in her acceptance at this school and how she could not believe that Annabeth had decided to waste it by listening to those girls. Her recommendations had mentioned nothing about a temper and the principal was astounded by her actions. blah. blah. blah. Annabeth really didn't care anymore. "Is there someone you can call to come and get you?" her principal finally asked, "I've already tried your parents but neither are picking up and you simply cannot stay here. You're 3 day out-of-school suspension starts now and you must not come within a hundred yards of campus until the start of school Friday morning". Annabeth thought for a moment. Then a plan started forming in her mind. One that would set the record straight with Jamie and Jean over this whole affair. It certainly wouldn't get her out of trouble, but it would make her feel a whole lot better. An hour later, Annabeth was sitting out by the student parking lot waiting for her ride. They had said they would get there as soon as possible but it was still a bit of a drive. She hoped her timing was correct. If it was, this plan was perfect and no one would ever bother her again. She saw Jean and Jamie walking to the lot from the quad but they were still a few minutes out. They would be stopped multiple times to ask about their "incident", receive sympathy, and continue on acting like the hurt little puppies they aren't. Then she saw it pulling in. The beat up blue prius with with dents on the hood. She'd never been happier to see that jacked up car in her life. That familiar mop of dark hair could be seen through the windshield and Annabeth could see the glint of his sea green eyes from here. "SEAWEED BRAIN, I AM SO HAPPY TO SEE YOU!" Annabeth wasn't even sure if he could hear her yet but she didn't care, she began briskly walking toward his car when she felt a hand grab her wrist. "Seaweed brain? Are you so dumb that you can't even remember someone's real name?" Jamie sniggered. "Sure you want to do that? You might go the same way as your precious friend Jean. The concrete sure isn't a down-feather pillow for your ass" Annabeth shot back. Just a couple more seconds Annabeth prayed. She heard a car door and saw him coming towards her. "For your information, Jamie, that's a nickname. I expect you've never heard of them as stupid as you are. And it's a special nickname. One for, bet you would never guess, my boyfriend! — Oh look there he comes!" Annabeth gave a little wave and jumped into Percy's welcoming arms tears pricking her eyes in happiness as she mumbled incoherently in relief into his orange t-shirt. "Hey Wise Girl— I missed you too— I don't know what you're saying— you can tell me on the way back— what's that? —Ha, can do wise girl, can do". Percy set her down and gave her a nice kiss right on the lips. It was quick but deep and made Annabeth jump for joy. But what made her even more ecstatic were the gasps coming from the crowd gathering at the school entrance of the lot. Their faces were priceless, particularly Jean and Jamie, who were standing there opening and closing their mouths like the sea monster they had battled on the Argo. Annabeth knew though, they weren't really sea monsters at all, they had about as much power as the guppies Percy kept in his apartment for company when he got bored. She heard Landon stomp his feet in frustration over the lost "catch" and possibly keel over from his high. She felt everyone go silent as she and Percy broke apart. Apparently, as Annabeth expected, no one actually believed her when she had told them she had a boyfriend, and an awesome one at that. None of them had believed that the shy, quiet, nerdy blonde hadn't been lying even after they had tried to set her up with the most disgusting boy in school. None of them had believed that she really had what they all wanted, and so much more. "I love you Percy." "I love you too, Wise Girl." Headcanon #17 : Once Percy drove to Annabeth's mortal school to pick her up. Annabeth was happy to see him, but truthfully, the part she most enjoyed was seeing the dumbstruck looks on the popular girls' faces at the realization that the shy, quiet, nerdy blonde actually hadn't been lying about having a boyfriend when they'd tried to set her up with the most disgusting kid in school. Thanks to those who read this through, I appreciate it more than you can imagine! If you liked it please review, if you didn't please review anyways (although why you finished it if you didn't like it, I don't understand). I'm always open to constructive criticism but no flames please. Tell me what you liked or didn't like and request any headcanons you'd fancy reading about in your review. You guys are awesome! -Jules