had seemed to be close to Alexander, in what capacity was unclear. She reveled in the curiosity, and quickly realized why she was so keen to learn. This would be her challenge in this forced observation, her own personal hunt. Perseus had shown honorable intentions of far, but Artemis wanted to learn more about this man. Something about him seemed almost fateful. Those thoughts occupied her until she felt that her time was done in the sky. She wheeled her chariot around and set out for Mount Olympus, blazing across the sky, seeing the sun peeking over the horizon. It was Apollo's turn to watch the Macedonians. And her time to rest. Artemis looked out from the fire, finished recounting the first part of the story. "My lady, he really saved that woman?" Emily asked. Artemis nodded slowly, "He did, and I decided to help him out with my sign. Of course, I didn't know she was an adulteress. But I agreed with his actions. No women ever deserved to be raped, but she should have been punished to do with what Hera saw fit." The thought of him in her mind sent chills down her spine, and she smiled inwardly, glad to feel a semblance of happiness at the thought of him, instead of grief and sorrow. Other hunters nodded, satisfied. Then there was a roaring of questions. "Who is Kleitos?" "Did you love him then?" "Who is Perseus, I have never heard of him before?" Artemis smiled, and quieted them. They were up and about long into the night before one by one, the hunters all had retired. Artemis usually ordered them to their tents, but tomorrow yielded no missions, and thy hadn't had a restful day in a while. Artemis knew however, there would be more questioning tomorrow. "My Lady. You never answered who Perseus was." Zoe said. She stood by Artemis, and they stood there awhile. The questions the hunters had asked were all revolving around her story, but she had been careful not to show anything when they asked their questions. "I will tell the rest tomorrow. It will be a long day, so get some rest." Zoe, studied her, before complying, "My Lady." She bowed and walked into her tent. Artemis watched her lieutenant walk briskly into the tent, snapping the flap back as soon as she had entered. Alone in the clearing, Artemis allowed herself to relax, at last free from any scrutiny. There was the unexpected hoot of a nearby owl, and Artemis cocked her head to the sound, instantly recognizing her intrusive half-sister Athena. But she made no appearance, and Artemis, after waiting for a couple more minutes, realized the owl was either wild or a confirmation that Athena had heard her explanation to the hunters. It exhausted her, mentally, which was a foreign feeling to have. But as she felt the weariness creep through her mind, she felt that warmth of resolution that thoughts of him drew out. Thinking of their first encounter again, she strolled to the center tent, and absentmindedly pushed the flap aside. Her antler room was dominated by a massive bear rug and several tapestries and light wooden chairs. But she paid these no heed. Walking over the bear rug with her bare feet, she treaded into her bedchamber, a simple room with a cot, nightstand, and armor rack for her bow and arrows. These, she deposited on the stand, before turning to her cot. Underneath it lay a long and semi-narrow chest, locked tightly with a magically enchanted mechanism. She stooped and pulled it out, laying the heavy chest on her cot. On the lid were bronze decorations, including griffins circling in the sky, and a large golden sun star in the middle of the design. The Macedonian Argead dynastic symbol, a symbol feared long ago. For more than one reason. She pressed her hand onto the star, and it glowed dimly, before fading away. There were two clicks, and Artemis gently lifted the lid open. It was all there. Their trophies, including claws, talons, glass bottled water, a pouch of sand, and many others. All memories of their companionship. Artemis felt herself choke up, she had forced herself never to open this chest again after he died. But now… she ran her hand over some of their treasures, their story. She needed this. Her eyes ran into the center of the center, the most prized possession of all the treasures that lay in the chest. It was a gleaming bronze sword, made up of a beautiful swirled metal design that had two similar shapes of bronze, dueling with each other up the blade until they met at the tip. It was a simple sword, with a worn leather grip, and plain cross guard, with a leaf shaped blade. But it was his blade, and he had given it to her. She ran her finger down the blade, still razor sharp, reflecting a pale image of herself as she looked fondly to the blade. A great desire surged through her, and she grasped the sword, quickly raising it from its resting place. Perfectly balanced. A sword capable of lightning quick strikes, much like its true owner. She gave it a few experimental swings, the two bronze metals catching the candlelight as it arced through the air. Artemis paused, holding the sword up. She would carry it from now on. She reached back into the chest and grabbed the simple leather scabbard, attached to a leather belt, and sheathed the sword. Sword in hand, she carefully placed it next to her bow lovingly, before closing the chest on her cot, and sliding it back under to its usually resting place. Only then, did she allow herself to lie back, and let herself enter the realm of Morpheus, where she would dream a goddess's dream, one of her choosing. For the first time since his death, on this day, she went willingly into rest, and slumbered peacefully.