I turned to the left, firing into the muzzle flashes coming from the trees. I couldn't even see what I was shooting at or if I was hitting anybody, but I kept on shooting. To my right, one of the VC had popped a grenade and was sprinting directly for our hole, screaming a battle cry that sent shivers down my neck. I quickly spun on my heel and turned my sights on him, firing as I did so. My bullets found their mark, but he dropped the grenade as he fell. As I ducked down to reload my rifle, I saw it roll down into the hole, right in between the two Corpsman working on the wounded men. "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" One of them yelled, grabbing two wounded men and dragging them up the side as fast as he could It all happened in a few seconds, but battle teaches you a thing or two about the amount of things that can go down in that small bit of time. As the Corpsman reached the top of the hole and started to pull out, four bullets passed through his chest and forced him to drop the other two men he was dragging. I hopped over the other side of the tree I had taken cover behind as the grenade went off. At first I didn't feel anything in my leg, then it started burning like hell. I looked down and noticed the small bits of shrapnel sticking out of my calf, then looked up to see one of the new guys, Goldie, running as fast as he could towards me. He slid into a prone position next to me before peering over at my leg. "You all good, man?" He laughed "Hurts like a motherfucker but I'll live." I grunted, using the tree to stand On the other side of the tree, not a single person had survived. The wounded couldn't move, the two Corpsmen had been cut down by machine gunners trying to get the wounded out of the hole, it was a mess. "Taylor says the choppers can't cover us till we get out of the woods," He said, throwing my arm around his shoulder "We're falling back." The Gooks were still shooting at us, and I did my best to shoot back as Goldie helped me limp away. He'd only been in Nam for about two and a half weeks, give or take. He'd earned his nickname because of his lucky gold tooth, which wasn't so lucky if you considered the fact his old tooth was knocked out because of a brick to the face. I could see Taylor, Lone Star, Eskimo, and the rest of the platoon hauling ass towards the treeline, which was coming closer and closer into view. Finally, we broke through and into the rice fields. It was littered with dead Marines and VC and NVA troops. Goldie sat me down behind some sandbags the Gooks had set up in the rice fields, my leg still burned and I couldn't put any weight on it, but I wasn't completely useless. I turned over and put my weight on the top of the sandbags, opening fire at the VC that had pursued us out of the woods. Now that we were all out in the open, the Gooks had taken the opportunity to try and surround us. They suddenly opened up from all sides, but we were dug in tight by that point, forcing them to have to come out and find us. As they came out of the woods, I started picking them off in bunches. They would come out in small little groups of three or four, and I'd send a few rounds down that way and watch em drop. After a few minutes I heard the sound of a helicopter coming over the trees. "It's a friendly!" Somebody cheered The bird suddenly did a one-eighty and turned to face the VC in the trees. It let a few rockets go before veering off to the side, allowing the other two helicopters that had come in behind to open up with their door gunners. The VC went into full retreat, leapfrogging back to the woods. I shot one in the back as he ran, spotting another one taking cover in a tree behind him. In a split second, we raised our rifles at the same time and fired. I don't know where my shot went, but I know it didn't hit him. I saw the flash from his weapon and suddenly a searing pain in my chest. I fell backwards off the sandbags and Goldie grabbed me and tried to stop the bleeding. "Fuck," He said "Fuck, fuck. Corpsman!" Somebody from the helicopters jumped out and sprinted out to us, pulling bandages out as he ran. He slid in next to Goldie and went to work without a word, pulling my jacket and shirt off to get to the wound. Other than occasional groan or spasm, I didn't move that much. Although Goldie was holding me in place, I had the wherewithal to look down to my right shoulder at my dog tag, I could see a chunk missing out of it and fresh blood dripping off of it. "Get him on the chopper!" He yelled, pressing the bandages to my chest "Let's go!" Two other guys came and picked me up and carried me over to where the two helicopters had landed, the third one circling above. It didn't take long for them to load us all up, most of the wounded had been killed when the grenade went off in the hole. As they placed me down in the chopper and hopped in with us, I looked to my left and saw the pale kid from earlier laying next to me. He had a huge, sucking chest wound, every breath sounded like it was his last. His name patch said Adams. He didn't make it through the helicopter ride.