two of them broke apart to glare at him for interrupting. In shock, he found himself saying the words "For a long time I had a crush on you. I just wanted you to know ." Then the most horrible sound came from Percy's mouth. A weird combination of cackling laughter and gagging. "You little freak! Who do you think you are!" Nico stumbled backwards. But the words kept coming out " You're cute, but you're not my type ." Once again, that horrible laughter came from Percy's mouth, making his skin crawl. "And who is your type, exactly? Boys?" Annabeth joined in the laughter, hers more similar to a wheezing sound. "What kind of boy would want a little freak like you? Why can't you be normal for once? At anything?" The nymphs created an eery chorus from the bottom of the lake. "You don't belong here... You don't belong here..." Percy stepped forward, a hateful look in his eyes. "They're right. A fag like you belongs in only one place." Nico felt the entire world flip beneath his feet, and he found himself in Tartarus, the ground burning around him. " No..." he felt himself say. "No! Not again!" Percy's voice echoed from above. "Get used to it. This is where you belong, son of Death." And as if on cue, his father appeared, in all his terrifying godly glory. Skeleton soldiers, monsters, and giants alike were closing in around him. "I wanted one of my children to be happy. Clearly, I made the wrong choice. Burn here while I go find another son." Hades turned to his true godly form to disappear, but by now, two skeleton had snuck up behind him, and used their bony fingers to keep his eyelids forced open. The brightness from his father seared in his eyes, and though he could no longer see, he could somehow tell that a giant had dropped a jar over his body. But this time the air was running out quickly, and there were no pomegranate seeds. He felt his body becoming weaker and less substantial as he became one with the shadows. "NICO!" And he woke with a start, to find Will Solace shaking him. The curtains had been drawn to let the moonlight in, which seemed to create a halo where it bounced off of Will's golden hair. "Oh thanks the gods," Will's eyes were wide and frantic, as he slumped into a nearby chair, keeping one hand firmly on Nico's shoulder. "You were... you were fading." Nico didn't say anything. Instead he focused on breathing, and feeling his bed, to make sure that he wasn't passing through, that his fingers were solid. He realized he had somehow passed through his blanket, which was now under him, though he was sure it had been on top of him before he fell asleep. "So much for bed rest," Will sighed. "Clearly, letting you fall asleep isn't going to work right now. Were you having a nightmare?" Too afraid of what he might say if he opened his mouth, Nico resorted to nodding. For a while, Will just looked at Nico, his expression unreadable. Then he got up and went to the door. "Be right back." When he came back, he was holding a lyre. "I'm usually not good with music," he said, smiling softly. "But healing is definitely my forte, so I guess this counts as part of that. Just try to relax. This is song that's supposed to stop you from getting nightmare. I never understood why this was part of our medical textbook... until now, I guess." Nico still had not said a word. He just looked at the son of Apollo sitting next to him, beginning to play a few notes on the lyre. It was a very soothing tune. Necessary, he supposed, when it was supposed to get patients to sleep. But it was more than that. Though Nico may not know a lot about music, he knew about nightmares. And this song was somehow the opposite of all of those. Not just some typical happy melody to cheer someone up though. Beating nightmares wasn't about being cheerful. In fact, the song Will played was almost a little sad. The song didn't try to defy sadness. It accepted sadness as a part of it, as a part of life. But for every sad chord and note, there was another verse or tune that spoke of courage. It was this part of the song that Nico heard, and tried to store deep within him. He needed as much of that as he could get, if every night he was going to go into the darkest parts of himself. Before he knew it, the song was over, but Nico was smiling. "Thanks," he said. Will smiled back, which gave him almost as much courage and happiness as the song did. "Not a problem, that's what I'm here for." "Still," Nico said. "I didn't mean to wake you at -" He looked at his watch. "Three in the morning?!" "Really it's not a problem," Will gently laid a hand on Nico's shoulder. "In fact I was already awake." "What were you doing awake this late?" Will smiled again, but this smile was more mysterious than he was used to seeing on Will. "Oh, just a little project I'm working on. You'll find out tomorrow. Or later today, I guess, technically." Nico wanted to ask more questions, but Will started playing the lyre today. "Time to sleep, little angel. Close your eyes." He wanted to protest yet another absurd nickname, which was presumably a play on his last name, but the lyre music was so calming, and his nightmare had exhausted him. The part of him that wanted to protest was made smaller, and smaller until it barely existed and drifted off to sleep with the rest of him. And his last thought was that Will would make a much better angel than him anyway.