to me, even if he does, I find out right away. "Why?" "Well you would have to leave." At first I didn't understand, but then everything fit together. The son of Apollo liked having me living with him, having me around all the time, just like me. I smile softly down at him. "I want you to come with me. I can wait until you are done with college, but I don't want to go anywhere without you." My voice becomes soft, and I say the three little words that I have never been able to get out. "I … I love you." Will's eyes widen, and blink a few time before smiling, brightening the whole room. "I love you to, Death Boy." "Are you sure this place is alright? We can pick somewhere else if it's easier for you." "Love, this place is fine. We are semi-close to a few different high schools, that's when most demigods start attracting attention of monster, and the college is a 10 minute bus ride." "But –" "Nico! It's fine! I came and helped pick it out! If I really didn't like it, I would have told you before we bought the place!" Will laughs. We are standing in front of our first place. It's not very big, only have three bed rooms and two full bathrooms, but it's perfect. "My only question is where you even came up with the money to buy this place outright." Will continues. "Well, the time Bianca and I were in the Lotus Casino and Hotel we racked up a good amount of cash, and Hades is the God of Hidden Wealth. He gives me allowance/pays me for the jobs I do for him." "So you pretty rich." "Yes. I have told you I would be able to pay for your school, but you shot me down. Where did you think I would get the money for that?" "I thought you were being nice! I didn't think you would actually be able to pay!" I just shake my head and head towards the front door. "Angel!" Will cries before chasing me. Settling in isn't too hard. I bought most of the furnisher before we moved it, so it was all there when we got there. All I really needed to do was put up a Greek and Latin sign up to let demigods know this is a safe house. Once that was done, I went throughout the city looking for monsters that might be stacking some poor demigod. The first few days I did this, I didn't find anyone. It wasn't until Friday night, that I saw a cyclops chasing a girl that looked to be thirteen or so. I quickly chased after them, and soon we found ourselves in an abandoned building. Before I had time to take out my sword, the girl turned around and throw a rock at the cyclops. Of course it didn't do anything, but she didn't look scared. Before the monster could do any damage, I slashed my sword through his neck. He exploded into gold dusk. The girl looked shocked that the monster exploded, but didn't seem scared of me. "Who are you?" She sneered. "My name is Nico di Angelo. You?" "Why should I tell you?" "I'm not going to hurt you. I can take you somewhere safe, so monsters don't keep attacking you." "How do you know about that?" "For one, you are a demigod, that's why the cyclops was following you. Second, I have been to Camp Half-Blood, the safe place, and you will get training so you can fight for yourself." "Demigod?" "One of your parents is a Greek or Roman god or goddess. Well I doubt Roman. If you were, Lupa would have already trained you." "So my father is a god?" "If that's the parent you didn't have growing up, then yeah." She glares at me for a while. "Who is your parent?" She finally showed interesting in this conversation. "Hades. God of the Underworld." I finally got Ann, the girl I saved from the cyclops, to come to my house. Will greeted us without looking up from his homework. "I found one." I told him, as we got further inside. That got him to look up and over to us. Jumping up, Will walked over to her, and stuck his arm out to her. "Hello. My name's Will Solace. Nico told you about demigods already, right?" She nods. "Great. I'm a son of Apollo." "Hi." "I'm going to IM camp, and let them know." I told Will before heading off to call. "So, which parent raised you?" Will turned back to Ann. "My mom." Will nods. They slowly start to get into a conversation, before I came back. "Let's go." She looks over at me, and nods, before heading to the door. "Where do you think you are going?" I ask her. Ann looks at me confused. I quickly grab Will and Ann's hand before we disappear into the shadows. Once we step out both my travelers feel to the ground. "Next time worn me." Will complained. Ann looked up, and her eyes got wide. "Where are we?" She asks. "Welcome to Camp Half-Blood." As soon as the words left my mouth, a red spear appeared over her head. She is bathed in red, making her look up to see why. I hear her gasp. "Looks like your father is Ares." I visit camp every few months, or when I need to drop off new demigods. When I got to camp, I saw Ann and Clarisse sparing. I smile a little at that. Ann admires Clarisse beyond compare. It was nice to see them getting along so well, and fighting. Finally, I found what I have been missing since the wars. I finally found my purpose. The End "Ann, daughter of Ares. She's the typical Ares spawn and admires Clarisse beyond anything." – was donated for me to use by charlottefrey from AO3