demigod that walks into the wolf house" Lupa spoke. "Rome only takes the strong, the weak-minded and weak-willed wouldn't last a day in our camp, much less monsters in the real world" Percy nodded slowly and allowed Lupa to continue. "I can tell that you've made it far to get here, so I think you should be able to take care of yourself on your own, but for now I need to know if you can fight" Lupa stated. "Do you have a weapon?" "No, I don't" Percy responded. The air in front of Lupa suddenly shimmered and in her hand she held a gold sword about 32 inches in length and held it out pommel first to Percy. He gripped it tightly and took a few swings around him, surprised at how balanced it was. It had no cross guard but it was light, meaning that it could be used in tandem with his excellent reaction time and fighting style. "You'll be fighting me by the way" Lupa said as she grinned at his shocked expression. "Shit, do you fight every demigod to see if they are worthy?" Percy swore as he backed up a few feet and began to circle Lupa. "No, but Minerva has vouched for your words, and although she is a goddess, Minerva isn't a war goddess in Rome" she spoke as she materialized a silver sword and began to circle Percy in the opposite direction. "Consider this your initiation" Percy's legs tensed as he suddenly shot forward deciding to take the first move, arching his sword forward in a diagonal slash aiming at Lupa's left shoulder who quickly sidestepped to the right and thrusted at Percy's midsection which he batted away before backing up and regaining space again. This time Lupa took the advantage and began raining down strikes on Percy's left and right forcing him to parry each strike without time to counter. The constant strikes on the opposite side of his body forced Percy to turn his hips every time, which lowered his chances of an offensive strike. Finally, Percy managed to catch her blade close to the hilt of his, and Lupa's eyes widened as her blade clipped Percy's fingers but watched as they bounced off as if his finger's were made of steel. Percy took advantage and smacked his pommel on Lupa's face causing her to growl in pain and pivoted attempting a slash at her head. Lupa quickly recovered by using her dexterity to bend back causing Percy's blade to go over her, and swept Percy's legs out from under him. Percy was surprised and almost lost his grip on his sword as he fell to the ground. Lupa quickly stepped on Percy's right foot preventing him from standing up and gripping her sword with both hands attempted a downward slash aimed at bisecting Percy as he raised his sword preventing it from cutting him. His arms quivered as Lupa had the advantage being able to use gravity to emphasize her strike with her strength. "Yield, pup there is no way you can win now" Lupa growled pissed off at getting a pommel to the face. Percy grunted as he tried to keep Lupa's sword at bay, but suddenly thought of something as he lowered his sword suddenly which caused Lupa's blade to come dangerously close to his body. Using the water bottle in his pocket he forced the water to come out and splashed Lupa in the eyes causing her to take a half-step back which was enough for Percy to bat away her sword and to quickly stand up resetting the battle. Lupa wiped away the water in her eyes and glared at Perseus before nodding her head and snapped her fingers causing her sword to vanish. "You fight very strangely, Son of Neptune, but you know how to fight without getting killed" Lupa said smiling showing her sharp teeth. Percy smiled, and lowered his guard as he responded. "Thank you Lady Lupa" "Still it seemed you were hiding some things from me, as to why your fingers did not come off when you tried to catch my blade on your pommel?" Lupa inquired. Percy stopped to think for a second before shaking his head. "I honestly do not know that's the first time something like that has happened and even I was surprised that I don't have fewer fingers" Lupa herself tried to come up with her own answer and decided to put it off till later realizing it was getting dark. "Keep the sword, you're going to need your own weapon when going to that camp, and I rather you have something you're comfortable with than a random sword one of the legionnaire's will give you" Percy nodded as Lupa handed him a sheath and Percy quickly put it on his back. "Since you have proven adept in traveling I'll teleport you a few miles from where Camp Jupiter is located" Lupa spoke. She sent Percy an image of a bridge and close to it a tunnel signaling that was the entrance to the Camp. "Now go and do us Romans proud, Perseus, Son of Neptune" Lupa said as she held out her hand preparing to teleport Percy. "Wait Lady Lupa, this sword what is it called?" Percy asked as he spun it with his right hand. Lupa blinked once before responding. "It's a Gladius," she said before teleporting Percy away. A/N: I hope you guys liked the first chapter, some questions I see being asked are Percy's memories. Since they were tampered by Athena, for the most part he remembers how to fight the gods/goddesses etc. Athena just felt the need his friends and any other information that could distract Percy in his task to lead the Romans and eventually lead both the Romans and Greeks vs Gaia were useless and were wiped. Finals are coming up so the next update might be really slow, but summer is coming and I'll update more frequently.