played with the curls of Leo's hair. She loved how they were light and springy. She twirled and she playfully pulled one, earning a groan from Leo. Calypso leaned over him and she pecked his lips, successfully cutting his groan in half. Leo pulled back and Calypso gazed in his brown eyes. Leo blinked twice and there was a certain sparkle in his eyes that she hadn't noticed before. She grinned down at him and Leo leaned up to kiss her. Leo probed his tongue with hers and Calypso tried to stifle a groan when he pulled back. Leo kept tapping on her knee and she didn't tell him that she could understand Morse code as well. She calmly reached over at the coffee table and she tapped out 'love you' in Morse code. Leo paused his tapping and he sharply looked at Calypso. Calypso contained her smile as she saw his flabbergasted expression. Calypso smile stretched across her face and she sweetly said "I guess we both know Morse code." Leo smiled and he let out a deep sigh. "Not a lot of people know Morse code." "Only one of my friends knows it and she's super smart." Calypso teased him by saying "So I'm not?" Leo eyes widened and he stuttered again. "No that's not what I…" He stopped his ramble when he saw Calypso's barley contained smile. Leo let out a hearty laugh that echoed across the room and made Calypso heart flutter in her ribcage. The mood was light and carefree as the hours passed by. Leo and Calypso thought on what would happen to both of them. They both knew how it would backfire if word got out but Leo didn't care as long as Calypso was with him. He would go to hell and back for her and Calypso at first was unsure about all this stuff but she has to admit, she was drugged by Leo's kisses. If this is what love was like, then both of them wouldn't have traded it for the world and if necessary, they would fight there all for it. It was dangerous keeping a secret like this from officials and if word got around to the wrong person, who knows what would happen? But they both knew it was worth by a long shot if both of them have each other in their broken yet loving arms. Ha ha done! Hope you guys enjoyed. I always have way too much fun typing these types of stories but for now, I'm taking a break with the Caleo stories because I want to mix some things up. I know this one it was a little fast paced but it was late at night and I really wanted to finish typing this so if it seems choppy, bear with me please? Next time I update, expect a Jasper Fanfiction! That fanfiction's is for you Victoria (Nike)! I know your otp is Jasper so I'm dedicating to you " Veronica" You know who you are. Hope you enjoyed, please leave a review if you liked it or not. Leo was surprised that his wife could shoot better than him. The sniper guys absolutely loved having her on their side and Percy carefully watched how Annabeth taught the privates how to properly take a stance so they wouldn't fall on butts in battle. Annabeth saw Percy glance a look at her and she smirked and she blew a kiss at him. Hazel trained the new privates stealth techniques with her brother Nico and Frank watched his wife shyly wave at him. Will warily kept watching Nico so he wouldn't get hurt from falling again. Will taught the men how to make an emergency splints in battle. Frank taught bows and arrows to the privates, Reyna taught battle commands in different languages just in case. Jason contributed to the broadsword and assault rifles. Piper contributed to the shorthand swords and shotgun jhnmmmfor close combat. Leo dusted himself off. The grenade and the drone training was a toll on him but he loved the surprised stares from the privates when he expertly took out every drone and targets by smart, contact, and EMP grenades. He smiled as he saw his name on top of the list for competitors. No one was as close to beating his high score but Annabeth didn't fall short and she didn't lack any skill either. Leo finished his last lesson for the day and when he felt a pair of arms wrap around his waist, he smiled. "Hey how did your day go Sunshine?" Calypso face brightened as if she remembered something. "Top score as usual." Leo whistled appreciatively. "You're only getting better Callie." She nuzzled Leo and Leo kissed her lips. When he heard wolf whistles, he threw Percy and Jason the middle finger and they laughed while walking away. Their wives pushed them to the cafeteria and Leo pulled away from Calypso. His breath felt hot against her cheeks and Calypso tried to regain her mind. Her brain was muddled and her thoughts ceased when Leo kissed her. She wrapped her hands around Leo's neck and she initiated a kiss. Leo pouted when she pulled away too quickly. Calypso pecked his lips and Leo blew his curls out of his face. "So..." "How is it being Mrs. Valdez?" Calypso raised her thin eyebrow. "What does it send shivers down your body?" Calypso laughed and she kissed his cheek. "I love my changed name Spitfire." Leo smiled and he beamed when Calypso mentioned his pet name. Leo ran to the cafeteria and Calypso raced behind him laughing and shaking her head. Calypso grinned as she was a few steps behind Leo. She couldn't have it better. She had a loving man and she was married. What else could a girl want? She thought joyfully as she followed her husband Leo and she entered the cafeteria to eat lunch with her patient husband and new best friends. Fin ~Justanothercaleoshipper