how far away you live from me because I will still love you no matter what. And one day we will see each other again. Maybe we can go to the same college-" "Annabeth, I'm not going to college." "What do you mean?" she asks, completely stunned. "I'm staying home to work on the farm." Dread fills her heart. "But I thought you said you wanted to. You wanted to study marine life didn't you?" "Yes, but my mom needs me here. If I leave then she'll have to sell the farm and I can't let the Castellans take our land. I won't allow it." "I understand." He puts his hand on her cheek. "But we will see each other again, Annabeth. I promise you we will. And when that day comes, I assure you I won't let you get away from me. Never again." She feels a tap on her shoulder. She turns to find Nana smiling sadly at her. "It's time, sweetheart." She says goodbye to everyone and it's no surprise that more tears are being shed as she hugs each of them. She hugs Percy last, but she can't seem to let go of him. She sobs into his shirt as he pats her back reassuringly. "Hey, don't cry okay? No more tears." He pulls back and wipes away the tears with his thumbs. "Come on, beautiful. Let me see you smile." She composes herself enough to do as he asks. She smiles just for him. And the way his face lights up with a grin makes it all worth it. "There it is. You always look like an angel when you smile. Did you know that?" She sniffles and shakes her head, still too choked up to speak. "Well, you do. You're the most beautiful angel in the whole world, darlin'." She kisses him. She kisses him with everything she has, not just for that statement, but for everything he's said or done throughout the entire summer. And even though they kiss for longer than she intended and she nearly misses her flight because of it, she can't bring herself to care. Because it was worth it. He was worth it. And as she stares out the airplane window, looking down at the fields below, she sends him a silent message. I love you, Percy. I promise you I'll come back. You said the way my blue eyes shined Put those Georgia stars to shame that night July 2014 "You're back." Those are his first words to her. No, hello . No, hey how's it going? Just, you're back . It took him a while to say them too. At one point she was sure she had petrified him or something because he was motionless for so long. She wasn't even sure he was breathing. "Yeah," she responds and she nearly facepalms when she does. Like, really Annabeth? ' Yeah' ? That's the best you can do? How articulate you are. "Cool." Well, it's not like he's any better than her. A beat passes, then two, before he says, "I got your letter." He then frowns and shakes his head because obviously he got her letter. It makes her feel a little better that he's as rattled by this meeting as she is. "And what did you think?" she asks, biting her lip as she waits for his response. "Well, it made me think of many things, Annabeth." She almost faints when he says her name. "But most of all, it made me wonder why you didn't send this to me before." She looks at the ground, too ashamed to meet his eyes. "Fear." "Fear?" he questions. She nods as she hears his footsteps approaching her. "And is this the same fear that made you leave this on my doorstep instead of giving it to me yourself?" She nods again. He lifts her face up to meet his, a soft smile gracing his lips. "Are you still afraid, Annabeth?" "No," she whispers. "Good. 'Cause I've been waiting a long time for you." She smiles. "We've still got a lot to talk about, Percy. Like that whole you attending college this fall thing." He grins bashfully. "You're right, we do. And I can set the record straight with the college story for you right now. I was accepted in a small institution in California." Her eyes widen. "You were?" "Yes. I was going to look for you once I got there, but I guess you kinda beat me to it." "But what about the farm? And your mom?" "I arranged a deal with my cousins. It's a long story, I'll tell you about it later because right now, I just want to kiss you." It was no surprise that he was still capable of making her blush. And true to his word, he kisses her. He kisses her like he had never kissed her before. And as soon as he separates, she has to hold onto his shoulders to keep from falling. "God, I missed you Annabeth," he whispers against her lips. "I missed you too, Percy." He smiles. "Your eyes still shine brighter than anything I've ever seen." She could feel her cheeks reddening. God, why did he always have to say such sweet things? His tone suddenly turns serious. "Can I ask you something?" "Anything." "Do you still love me?" She smiles at him then and looks into his sea-green eyes. "I always have, Percy. And I always will." His answering kiss is enough to illuminate her entire world. I said: "That's a lie" Fin. A/N: For those of you who were confused about the last line of the song ending the fic, I can assure you it has nothing to do with Annabeth's last words in the story. That wasn't my intention. The last line of the song is just that, the last line. It has no subliminal meaning to Annabeth's confession of love. Sorry for any confusion. And thanks again for reading! :)