with that magical sword at your side!" And with that said, the Prince lunged at Percy full force. Percy never realized how much effort it took to swordfight until he battled against Prince Lucas. The duel seemed to lag on forever with every block, parry and jab, but Percy did his best to meet Prince Lucas strike for strike. The sword in his hands gave the impression that it had a mind of its own as it guided Percy through the movements, saving his life on more than one occasion where Prince Lucas could have easily skewered him. Sparks flew through the air as the two blades clanged again and again. The Prince grew more frustrated by the second, demonstrating his irritation with his once thought out attacks turning wild and sloppy. Percy waited patiently for the right moment to strike, knowing that the Prince's agitation would be his undoing. At last Percy found his opportunity. As Prince Lucas lunged again, he left his upper body unprotected, giving Percy the chance to raise his sword and slash against the Prince's sword arm. The crowd gasped as Prince Lucas howled in pain, dropping to his knees and letting go of his blade in the process. He pressed against the blood that was bleeding out of the wound and glared up at Percy with the heat of a thousand suns. Percy stood above him, the bronze sword still glinting dangerously in his hand. The Prince sneered at him, "Go on then. Finish me off, Stable Boy." Percy shook his head slowly. "No." Confusion shone in the Prince's eyes. "No?" "No. If I kill you, I'll become exactly what you are. A monster." He glanced at Annabeth who was smiling at him softly. "I refuse to let that happen." "Then that's your mistake." Faster than Percy could think, the Prince swung out his legs, knocking Percy off his feet and onto the ground. The air in his lungs was released from his body in a sudden rush as his back collided with the stone floor. " PERCY !" Annabeth shrieked. He was still slightly disoriented, but was able to roll away in the nick of time as Grover shouted, "Percy, look out!" Prince Lucas' sword hit the ground where he had been with a loud clang. The Prince roared in anger as he swung again, aiming straight for Percy's head. The blade was coming at him too fast. He knew he wouldn't be able to defend himself in time. Percy closed his eyes and attempted to drown out the sounds of Annabeth's screams. He wished he hadn't failed her. He wished he could have protected her from this demon. But if he had to die, then he was glad he died attempting to save the person he loved the most. A sudden bang echoed through the square. Percy's eyes snapped open. Another blade had intercepted Prince Lucas' sword, saving him from getting decapitated. He looked up to find that the wielder of the weapon was none other than Poseidon, the king of Atlantia. The King's eyes narrowed as he glared at the Prince. His voice thundered through Percy's ears as he said the last words Percy ever expected would come out of his mouth. "Unless you want to die today, step away from my son." ~oOo~ This was all a dream. It had to be. There was no way that this was his reality. Percy couldn't fathom how he was the lost heir to the kingdom of Atlantia. He was a prince . The idea seemed preposterous! Yet, here was his supposed father- the King -claiming him as his son. Percy never thought he would even meet his father, let alone discover that he ruled an entire kingdom! "Are you sure you have the right person?" he asked for what seemed to be the millionth time. Poseidon smiled kindly. "Yes, quite sure. Your last name isn't Bond as you so claimed. It's Jackson correct?" "Yes... But that doesn't prove anything." "You have my eyes," the King insisted. "And the watch you carry on your wrist belonged to me. I gave it to Sally before she left." Percy's eyes bugged out as he swivelled to Hedge who was looking at him innocently. "You knew, didn't you?! That's why you gave me the watch!" Hedge glanced away, appearing uncomfortable. "Err, I may have known about that little piece of information-" " Little ?!" "-but I wasn't supposed to tell you, kid. We fairies can only help so much when you're searching for your happy endings." "And telling you that you came from royal blood wouldn't have helped shape you to become the man you are today," Mellie added. Annabeth touched Percy's arm as he grumbled under his breath. "At least the Prince can't threaten you anymore, Percy." "Unless he wants a war he better not," Poseidon huffed. Annabeth placed her hand on his cheek, making him turn to face her. "And with Prince Lucas out of the way, we can finally be together." "Together," Percy muttered wistfully. "There's nothing I'd love more." Annabeth smiled brilliantly as he leaned down and placed a gentle kiss on her soft lips. Annabeth wound her arms around his neck and pulled him closer. Percy relished in their proximity as he threaded his fingers through her golden hair. Grover coughed. "Ugh, get a room you two." They separated, grinning from ear to ear. "Maybe we'll do just that," Percy agreed. He turned to Hedge. "You think you have one more spell up your sleeve?" He smirked. "I just might." He cleared his throat, thrust his wand through the air and recited, "Bibbity Bobbity Boo!" Blue sparks of light enveloped Percy and Annabeth. Percy stared down at the girl in his arms, feeling truly and inexplicably happy that she was by his side. "I love you." Her grey eyes glittered, exhibiting the same happiness that engulfed his entire being. "I love you, too." And they lived happily ever after. The End.