I hauled him up against the wall and demanded he tell me everything. He looked at me and laughed, but confessed nonetheless. At the end of it all, I threw him on the floor, equally satisfied and terrified at what lie ahead. I turned and walked out of my cell, looking at the other guards strewn across the floor, and came face to face with everyone else. I stared at them and gestured behind me. "Uh, you…you heard, right?" I asked, breathing heavy. "Yeah," Thalia nodded. "We heard." "Then let's go." I said and we ran. There were more guards, the place was like a maze, but just like Thalia had said we knocked down everyone in our path. It could have been minutes, it could have been hours, but we finally found a ladder that led up to a door and we didn't look back. Once we had all gotten out, I collapsed on the ground and cried. I could feel the sun on my skin for the first time in months and I took deep breaths, relishing in the the fresh air, but it was cold and as I looked around, I could see snow, like a blanket, covering everything. It was underneath my hands, the icy temperature turning my palms red and raw. I loved every second of it. "Where are we?" Katie asked and I looked up to see her staring at the sky, her breath like a fog around her face. "I don't know," Thalia said. "Maybe if it was night, I could see the stars, but that won't be for a few more hours. We're definetely nowhere near camp, or New York for that matter." "I don't think we want to even consider New York," Nico said. "Not after what that man told us down there." "But we have to go back, Nico," Thalia said. "There the only one's who can help us." "There not going to help us if we go back," Nico said, voice growing louder. "If what he said is true, they'll kill us on the spot." "What if it isn't true?" She asked. "Even if there is a slight chance that it isn't," Jason said, cutting in. "I'm not going back. Look at us, we're not the same. We're not harmless and there isn't even a slight chance that we don't look suspicious. Look at these fucking tattoos, it's not normal." "We weren't normal to begin with," Katie muttered and Jason pointed at her, eyebrows raised, as if to say: Exactly. "This is a mess," Thalia said, then paused. "Speaking of which, Sam, what did you do back there? I heard you yell, I'm assuming it was you." We all turned towards her and she seemed to shrink in on herself, shaking her head. "I have no idea," She said. "I could hear them coming and I just, I couldn't stay in there another day. I grabbed one of the bars and it's like everything melded together and then it was gold and I—I don't know." "Well, whatever you did, it worked. So thanks." I said. For the first time since she had been taken to her cell I was able to actually see her, and the more I looked the more I realize she did look like Hestia. The warm eyes, soft face, gentle smile, the dark hair that framed her face, and as the sun hit it, it seemed to glow, turning parts of her hair red. "Wow," I said. "You are so screwed when they find out." She laughed, instead of panicking, probably high off the fact we were no longer locked in cages. "Oh, I know. Trust me, I know." "Well," I said. "Where are we goin—" There was a sound from below and voices floated up through the hole. Nico slammed the door shut quickly and we took off in a random direction. We ran and ran and ran until that door down to hell was nothing but a dot in the distance. I wondered why they hadn't followed us, but suddenly an invisible force tripped us all, and we fell along the forest floor. A presence, heavy and dark, surrounded us and I froze in place. A deep, throaty chuckle run out, making the hairs on my arms stand up; a shudder ran threw me. No, I thought, not this time. We all stared at one another, and wretched ourselves from our places. I stared down in shock, he couldn't control us, but as we kept running, farther and farther away, a voice in the back of my head told me he wasn't really trying. We broke into a clearing and found ourselves atop a cliff, down below I could see a wide beach and gray, choppy waters. I pointed to it and as we ran along the cliffside, it began to snow. Down, down, down we went and as we ran across the beach, towards the sea, a voice rang out, clear and true, seeming to come at us from all directions: " RUN LITTLE DEMIGODS! " Kronos bellowed. " RUN but you can't go HOME. There's nowhere for you now and I WILL FIND YOU . Your parents will never believe you, so do your best to HIDE because there is no DEFEATING ME this time, little demigods. I WILL HAVE MY VENGEANCE. " ….Oh, hello there, nice talking to you again. I know, crazy right? Well, there's more where that came from. More friends, more old faces, more monsters, more secrets, all that good stuff. Did you think this was it? Oh gods, no, this is just the beginning, but let me reassure you now. If you thought it was going to get worse, don't worry. It does. Thank you so much for reading! It would mean the world to me if you could review! I hope you enjoyed it! Chapter 2 will be out soon, but I have uni, so by soon I mean like 3 weeks I'm so sorry.