Nico gives him a look. "Okay, fine" he sighs. And by the end of the story, Percy may have gotten a slap upside the head. But also a high-five for punching Luke in the face. Honestly, he's just glad to have his friend back. ~oOo~ Percy's just happy that Annabeth's dad let him inside at all. He's never met the man before since he's always on business trips or doing some other important stuff. So to say that he was surprised and unnerved at seeing Mr. Chase in person was a complete understatement. "She's in here," the older man says gruffly. Percy opens the door to what he believes to be Annabeth's room and finds her on her bed reading a fairly large book. She looks up at him and glares and for a moment, Percy thinks she might throw the book at his head. "Hey," he greets sheepishly. She turns her face away from him. He steps closer to her, cautiously, afraid she might still kill him with her book. He makes it safely to her bed and sits beside her. She shifts away from him and that one action causes him to feel like his heart has just been ripped apart. "I wanted the chance to explain Annabeth," he says, his voice soft. "Would you give me that, please?" She takes a shuddering breath and replies barely above a whisper, "I am so mad at you." He sighs and decides to take a chance. He leans in closer and hugs her, tucking her into his side. She melts into his arms immediately and grabs a hold of his shirt, as if he'd disappear if she didn't have some sort of grasp on him. "I know you are," he mumbles into her hair. "But you have to believe me Annabeth, I didn't want to kiss her. It was all a ploy that Luke created to separate us. She kissed me first and at the beginning I thought it was you, but as soon as I realized it wasn't I pushed her away." He pulls back to look at her face, her entrancing grey eyes looking like shattered glass. His voice goes unsteady at the sight. "I promise you I would never hurt you like that, Annabeth. I love you so much . You believe me, right?" She blinks at him and looks down at her lap. "So many people have hurt me before, Percy. And I've hurt others. What's to say we won't hurt each other eventually?" He cups her cheeks with both hands making her look at him, determination flooding through his veins. "Because we're different. Our love is a once in a lifetime sort of thing, Annabeth. And I'll be damned before I'd let you slip away from me. We belong together, you and I. And nothing and no one is going to get in the way of that." She sighs and quirks her lips up a bit before running her fingers across his cheek. "You don't play fair, you know?" His eyebrows furrow. "What do you mean?" "Well, how am I supposed to stay mad at you when you say such sweet things? Not to mention you wore your glasses today." He feels his face burn and smiles bashfully. "I thought it might help since it's your favourite look on me." She grins playfully while toying with the hem of his shirt. "Not my favourite," she whispers, her breath hot on his face, "but a close second." Percy makes a strangled noise at her insinuation and she laughs, her smile brightening up her face. Her happiness almost makes up for his embarrassing reaction... Almost. Oh, who's he kidding? This girl is his fucking world. ~oOo~ "Percy? Can I ask you something?" "What is it beautiful?" he responds, nuzzling her neck. Annabeth lets out a content hum before asking, "What did you think of me the first day we met?" He takes a moment to think back to all those years ago, when he first laid eyes on this goddess of a woman sitting in front of him. He was so awkward back then, not that he's still not a little awkward now, but he's much more confident in himself as of late. Especially with Annabeth at his side. His arms tighten around her, bringing her closer to his chest. "I thought many things when I first met you." "Tell me," she says, running her fingers lightly over his arms. He can't believe that she can still make him shiver when she does things like that. "Well, I thought you were gorgeous-" "Obviously." He tickles her side, making her giggle. "Shush, you. Anyways, I also thought that you were incredibly intimidating-" "What? How?" "Annabeth," he deadpans, "you looked like a runway model and spoke with so much confidence that it made me wonder why the hell you were talking to me at all. Plus, you were openly flirting with a guy who had no experience with girls whatsoever. Now stop interrupting." She smiles and gestures for him to go on. "Okay, and I also thought you were big trouble and I had to stay away from you." "Really? That's weird." "How so?" She turns in his arms to look at him. "Because I thought the same thing of you." Confusion spreads across his face. "Why did you think I was trouble?" "Because I didn't want to fall in love, Percy. But one look at you and I instantly knew that you'd be the one to take my heart." And with those words in his mind, he kisses her like he's never kissed her before, with the wind blowing in their hair, the cars honking in the never ending traffic, and the New York City skyline as their backdrop. And as Annabeth wraps her arms around his neck, he can't help but feel a sense of euphoria. Here, on their rooftop. Fin. Author's Note: Thanks for reading my long ass oneshot! Don't forget to review! Until next time!