decide which child you would be, when the time came I still had not decided," She explained "So I had twins, a son of Diana and a son of Artemis." "Does it for real work like that?" Percy asked "Yes, I was divided between my Greek and Roman forms that night, so I had a child of each." She said "Okay, hold up," I said "Time out, before we move on from this, do you have any other kids we need to know about?" "No, you and Eli are my only sons." She said I rubbed the bandages on my arm. I had left the camp earlier, and much to my mother's dismay, gotten some tattoos. In dark blue on the top of my left forearm was the words If you ain't blue. Then, in the same color, on the top of my right forearm were the words You ain't cru. Then on the bottom of my left forearm written in black I had Hector "Money" Rodriguez and below that his birthday and the day he died. On the underside of my right forearm I had written in black Lamar "Free" Taylor and his birthday and the day he dies. I couldn't get the bandages off for a bit so it kind of looked like I was wearing white sleeves. "I find it ironic that the man hating goddess has two kids and both of them are boys." Annabeth said "Me too," Artemis said "Karma I suppose." "Oh come on," I protested "I'm not that much of a handful." "I just bailed you out of jail this morning." She reminded me I shrugged. Percy, Annabeth, Jason, Chiron, Amber, mom, and I were gathered around the ping pong table in the big house. We were waiting for this Eli kid to show up. I didn't know who he was, but I wasn't sure what to make of the fact that not only did I have a brother from my mom's blood, but he was also my dad's blood. It was kind of weird, to be told I'm the only son of Artemis ever, then a month later another one shows up. But he isn't a son of Artemis, he's a son of Diana. I had to remember that. Even though we were brothers, technically we had different mothers. "He'll be here soon, Reyna took...Roman means." Jason said "Roman means?" Amber asked "Something Romans had done for centuries, we sometimes used them to travel cross country for quests and such." Jason said "How come we don't have something like that?" Annabeth asked "We do, it's called walking." Percy joked "Or the Argo." I reminded him "Yeah, that too." Percy said nodding "We're getting off track," Mom said "He'll be here soon, and I have no idea what I'm going to say." "What do you mean?" I asked "What do you say to a son you left for sixteen years?" She asked "Same thing you said to me." I suggested "I didn't say anything to you, you just yelled at me until you had nothing else weighing you down and you weren't angry any more." She replied "Maybe you'll get lucky." I said shrugging Yeah, real helpful, I know. But to be honest I was still a little bit bitter about the whole thing. But she was still my mother. As she opened her mouth to reply, Conner Stoll rushed inside. "Reyna's here, and she's got some kid with her." He said "Send them in." Chiron said to him He nodded and bolted from the door. My mother looked a bit nervous but she wasn't showing it. Amber reached under the table and took my hand. I gripped it tightly, to be honest, I was a bit nervous. "It'll be alright." Amber whispered to me "I know." I whispered back We heard footsteps and Conner spoke. "They're just inside, oh man Raven is going to be pissed." He said I had no idea what he was talking about, but mom shot me a look. She didn't say a word, but the message was clear enough. I don't care what he looks like, or acts like, don't do anything stupid. "What is he talking about?" Amber asked me Before I could respond, Reyna entered followed by a boy. I noticed several things at once. The first was that he had silver eyes. It was like looking into a mirror, we were almost identical. His face had a bit more of a Roman look to it. And his hair was cut short. He was exactly my size, and he was decently muscular. Then I saw what Conner was talking about. He was wearing a red snapback, it read LA on the front. Then I noticed he was wearing a large red shirt, sagging jeans, a red bandanna hanging from his pocket, red Vans, and a tattoo in red on his throat that read: South Bompton Bloods. I couldn't believe it, my brother was a Blood. Wow, that is irony. I saw anger flash in his eyes as he regarded me. I became aware that I had my flag hanging from my pocket, and my blue snapback, and my blue shirt. My mother seemed to instantly see what was about to go down. "Raven, Eli-" She began I shot to my feet and reached into my waistband. In an instant I had my gun out and made my way across the room. I was surprised to see he had met me halfway across with his own weapon in his hand. We pointed our guns in eachother's faces and glared at eachother. "Drop it, Blood." I spat "Drop it, Crip." He said at the same time Sorry to leave you guys hanging like that, but it's only the first chapter, so calm down ight? We gonna get through this, just calm down. Drop a review and let me know what you think, guests or members I am glad for either one. Thanks to ya'll and I'm out.