you in any way possible, do you agree to this choice?" I nod, I felt so happy and I wanted to cry, Piper says that she loves me and if I come back, Liper would be born! "Yes please Lord Hades!" Hades does this weird muttering and seconds later, I saw red everywhere with walls of lava and paths with monsters around every corner. Let's do this, I say to myself as i adventure for the doors of death. 1 Day Not so bad, it's actually fun, I like drama quite a lot. Nothing much had happened apart from some cyclops and a kitten which I named Leo Jr. She's really cute and makes me very calm. 4 Days This kitten is a beast, She could talk and she had extremely sharp claws which could kill a monster in seconds. She had told me that she knows where the doors of death are and he wants me to go there to set her free. I agree to this as she leads me to the sacred place. 25 Days I sleep seeing piper crying once again, she has nightmares of me suffering in Tartarus but she says to herself that I am in Elysium, I can not wait until I saw her reaction. 29 Days I only just realised that it was my birthday today until my cat told me, she somehow got some tacos for me and I gobbled it up, it smelled as if it was from my mother herself. I smile thinking that as I sleep. In my dreams, I see Piper by a shroud, this is my shroud I think as I listen. "Leo was the best friend anyone could ask for, he is caring, sweet, funny and loving, I will miss him so much and I wish I see him in Elysium. I hope that he still likes me after my mistake," Piper cries. "I'm sorry Leo," she whispers to herself between sobs,"I love you." I wake up immediately hearing those 3 words and I knew that I would definitely escape Tartarus. 394 Days We finally got there, I got hit by a monster and I stayed unconscious for apparently 250 days with my cat protecting me, I promised to her that she would be set free and she purred thanking me, afterwards, we walked to the Doors of Death as we saw it from eyes view. I remember exactly what Hazel did years ago as I follow what she did, minutes later, I closed the inside doors and I escaped through in the nick of time with my cat. I quickly close the doors from the mortal world and then I did the massivest, most manly shout I have ever done. The cat was leaping with exciting, crying tears somehow as we rejoiced our freedom and the sun. Seconds later, we see Hades clapping from afar. "I knew you could do it you two," Hades says," My promises are kept, your nightmares of this place will be gone shortly and I allow you to go anywhere you want." I smile and then Leo Jr. said the happiest thing ever. She asked if she could be my pet. I stroke Leo Jr as I nod, she then starts leaping in happiness as she went in my arms. after calming down, I ask to go to Camp Half-Blood, after being teleported there,I realise that everybody is eating in the dining pavilion. I go towards my bunker and I see rowers pretty much surrounding the whole place, they were all red and notes saying their byes made me want to cry, I open the bunker and I lay Leo Jr on the desk and tell her that I have something personal to do. She jumps around the Bunker as I head out. I did not realise how beautiful Camp was until now, It looked like heaven from when where when you go through Tartarus. As I start going towards the pavilion. I hear a commotion from far. I go towards it to see Piper with tears in her eyes next to a dragon which looked like a carbon copy of Festus. I smile as I realise that it was my birthday and I wanted to tune in without anyone noticing. "Leo was the most wonderful person I have ever met, he is the most caring and most lovable boy I could ever talk to. He is smart, handsome and probably the most amazing person I have ever met. If Leo is in Elysium right now, I just want to say that I'm so sorry for saying those bad things about you, I miss you and I love you." She stopped herself as she let the tears come, she looked as broken as I was 10 years ago. Piper was still beautiful as ever and she looked absolutely breath taking. I realise that it was coming to an end and so I bring myself up. "I'm here Beauty Queen!" Leo's shout caused many faces to look at me including Piper's. Piper look at me with longing and so much happiness and seconds later, I felt myself on the floor with Piper hugging me so tightly. She sobbed my named thousands of times as campers looked in ŵöñdęr. "I'm so so so so so sorry Leo!" She shouts to me as she cried again, "You probably hate me for killing you but I just want to say that I love you more than anything else." I cut her off with a kiss, she turned red and she looked at me in shock but seconds later, she melted in with the kiss and I heard the campers next to me cheering, we were kissing for a full minute before we pulled away for air. She smiled that smile as she hugged me and our lips collided again. It was the happiest I have ever been. 'I know that nobody will pull us apart and you are my true love, remember that,'