brother." Expressing his annoyance in the only way he could, Will stomped out the door and slammed it behind him. No matter what anyone said, Will felt it in his bones that Jasper could not be trusted. "I admit, I don't understand it," Macy confessed the next morning as they retrieved training dummies from the shed. "How is he allowed to just walk into camp and claim that he's your half-brother?" Will sighed, "You and me both. Apparently Hermes visited him as a child. Seems like a load of bullshit to me." Summer rolled her eyes as she slung a bag of bows over her shoulder. "Calm down, Will. Jealousy isn't a good look on you." "I'm not jealous, I'm just not stupid enough to believe his intentions are innocent." Will protested, earning another eye roll from Summer. "He's the same age as you and I. I doubt he's planning some evil scheme to take over the world." She retorted quickly, obviously annoyed at Will's bad attitude. They both turned to Macy, expecting her to take a side. The brunette threw a dummy out the door of the shed and into another camper's waiting arms before answering. "Summer is just blind to suspicion because she thinks he's attractive." Macy shrugged, resulting in a scoff from Will and a blush from Summer. "Let's just get these over to the arena." Will mumbled, picking up bags and making his way to the training ground. A few minutes later he's stabbing at a straw dummy, taking out his anger. Normally, he didn't have such a temper, but he couldn't help but be protective over his friends and home. He wasn't sure about Macy, but he knew Summer trusted too easily. He couldn't help but be slightly upset that Summer trusted Jasper over Will. He knew that wasn't necessarily true, but she wouldn't even listen to him when he voiced his suspicions. Had her years dealing with the life of a demigod taught her nothing? "Care to practice sword fighting with me?" Speaking of the devil, Jasper himself stood next Will, a smug look on his face. Will grabbed his own sword and stood in front of his sibling, knuckles white from his tight grip. "I guess I can go easy on you, considering it's your first day training." He replied, his own smile becoming smug at the prospect of beating Jasper. The two brothers squared off, ready to duel. It was Jasper who struck first, taking Will off guard. Will blocked his attempt quickly, and then jabbed at his shoulder. Now, Will was certainly no expert at sword fighting, but Jasper should not have been able to move so quickly if he was only a beginner. Jasper deflected his blow and spun around, colliding shoulders with Will and sending him to the ground. The latter looked up in surprise to find Jasper above him, holding a sword to his throat. He picked himself off the ground and glared at Jasper. "You got lucky that time. Let's go again." Before he could ready himself for another fight, a short brunette stepped in between the two. "What's gotten in to you Will? You aren't even properly dressed for a fight. If he accidentally cut you, I think Chiron would be more disappointed than sympathetic." Macy glared at the brothers, as if one look could knock some sense into them. It probably could, considering the small spitfire could intimidate someone a foot taller than her with just one look. Will spat on the ground beside him before placing his sword back into his belt. "I'm going to lunch." "She's mad at you, you know." Macy waltzed into Will's cabin as he pulled a clean shirt over his head. When he didn't respond, she continued. "Summer thinks that you should be more welcoming to Jasper." "And?" Will questioned, clearly missing the point. "And, I agree. You have been over the top with the hostility. Tone it down a bit, would you? I haven't seen you this moody since Becca from the Aphrodite cabin turned you down." Will grinned at this, remembering the way Macy yelled at the poor girl when she broke his fourteen year old heart. "Okay, I get the point. But really, I am starving, so lunch comes first." The pair left the Hermes cabin and made their way to the dining pavilion where many campers were arriving for lunch. He quickly spotted Summer's blonde ponytail, swishing behind her as she walked with Jasper. Leaving Macy behind, he ran over and put his arm around her, ignoring the way she tensed up when she realized it was him. "Hey, Jasper." He called, putting on a big smile for show. "How's it hanging?" Without waiting for a response, he steered his best friend toward the dining pavilion. "What the hell?" Summer shoved him away, but made no move to leave. Will put on an innocent look, knowing that Summer couldn't stay mad at him for long. "Come on, were going to get lunch and meet Macy by the beach." Her eyes lit up, and she couldn't refuse his offer of lunch in the sun. Her smile quickly faded, however, when she realized his motives. "Stop trying to get me away from Jasper. Someone has to be welcoming!" She stomped her foot. Will rolled his eyes, his good mood quickly disappearing. "It doesn't look like he's having much trouble making friends," Will nodded over to where they had left the so called son of Hermes, who was already laughing with a few guys from the Hephaestus cabin. "Fine. He can come with us, and I'll try my best to be friendly. But I can't promise anything." Summer grinned and motioned Jasper over. The dark haired boy locked eyes with Will over Summer's head, sending him the same smug look that he had earlier as she grabbed his hand. The atmosphere quickly got tense, but she didn't seem to notice as she dragged them over to the beach.