kissed me on my forehead right after I closed my eyes. I fell asleep shortly after. I woke to the smell of eggs and bacon, drifting through my room. I opened my eyes and saw Artemis standing next to my bed with a large plate in her hands filled with food. "Good morning." she said. "Mornin' " I replied shortly. She set the plate down on the table and helped me sit up. Once that was done she set the plate on my lap and handed me a fork. "Is this really all for me?" I asked with wide eyes. This was the most amount of food I had ever seen in one place. "Yes. Who else would it be for?" she said laughing slightly. I dug in quickly devouring everything on the plate. Artemis took the plate away when I was done and I fell back asleep. I woke later to an empty room with nothing to do. Suddenly I had an idea. I summoned Apollo with the necklace he gave me and he showed up in a bright flash shortly after. "How you feeling?" he asked me. "I feel like i was hit by a bus again except twice in a row." he nodded his head. "So what do you need?" he asked finally. "Can you do me a favor?" I asked him. "Yes anything." he said quickly. I motioned him towards me and whispered what I wanted. He left shortly after giving me a potion to help me heal better. I fell asleep about an hour later. I woke to someone touching my cheek. I opened my eyes and saw Artemis staring at me with tear filled eyes, her hand slowly running my cheek. "My little boy." she said. When she said that I noticed something. I was smaller. My eyes widened and I opened my mouth to ask but she beat me to it. "Apollo came to be shortly after he talked to you thinking that he could do better than what you asked. I agreed almost instantly at his idea and so we got Hebe to turn you back to 6 years old. So now you really can be my little boy." Artemis said. I smiled and held her hand in my now much smaller hand. "Hey mum." I said softly. I raised my arm and she embraced me in a soft hug. "Will you promise me something?" I whispered in her ear. "Anything." she replied. "Please never leave me." I said. "I won't. I promise." she said. I fell asleep in her warm embrace. Artemis pov. I looked down at him from the edge of the bed. My little boy. How thing could have changed so much I could never know. Suddenly i felt Apollo flash in outside the tent and walked in a moment after. "How did he take it?" Apollo asked. "Well, he looked me pleased than surprised." I said. "Good, he deserves some good in his life." Apollo said. We stood there looking at Jax for a few moments before I broke the silence. "Is it normal for him to be sleeping so much?" I asked him a bit worriedly. "Yah, it's perfectly normal. For the next few weeks he will be sleeping almost constantly while still eating large amounts of food. Also it would be good to move him into the sun during the day. It will help his healing." Apollo said. I nodded my head and headed outside, Apollo following right behind me. Jax pov. I woke up to the feel of the warm sun on my skin. I opened my eyes and looked around. I was sitting/laying in a bed/chair in a camp. There were girls moving about doing various tasks. Some looked to be cooking some things over a campfire while most of them seemed to be just sitting around talking. Suddenly one of the girls noticed I was awake and gave me a death glare, as if I had somehow personally wronged her. When the others noticed what she was doing they too all gave me that same glare. "Stop!" I heard a familiar voice say. I looked over to see mom standing there with a scowl on her face. "Stop glaring at him." she said. "But he is a male !" one of the girls exclaimed, saying male as if it was the most vile word to ever exist. "He is not a male, he is a boy. And more so that he is my son." Artemis said matter of factly. All of the hunters stopped what they were doing and gasped. "You broke your oath!" one of the hunger said. "No, not in they way you think. It happened on the last blood moon. He forced himself upon me when I was at my weakest." Artemis said with great sadness in her voice. All of the hunters gasped at what she had just said. There was an awkward silence for a few minutes before anyone said anything. "I guess we can accept him." one of the older hunters said and slowly the other hunters started to agree with her. "Thank you." Artemis said while she kneeled down next to me. She took my right hand in her's and just held it to comfort me. A few minutes later a hunter came over with a plate of food and handed it to me. It was filled with meat of some kind and some vegetables. Artemis took the plate from my hand and provided to feed me till I could eat no more. Once she was satisfied that I had eaten enough she let me rest and soon I fell asleep again. A/N: Tell me what you think. If you have read the other stories i have posted, tell me if i should continue them or not. Its been a while since i originally posted them but im willing to revisit them if you guys enjoy reading them. Anyways thats it for now. - Wilson out