Percy shook away any of his nerves and decided to expect the unexpected no matter how much it frightened him to death. He stepped back when he pressed the doorbell and he heard the echoing ring coming from within the apartment, and that's when he heard the light footsteps that were making their way to the door and he braced himself for whatever would appear when this very door opened. The door swung open to reveal his distraught looking mother, the infamous Sally Jackson. She stood before him, holding up a knife as if she were about to murder a man. "If you're looking for a runaway you won't-" his mom's breath hitched as her eyes widened when she saw who was standing in the hallway. Percy felt the tears pooling in his eyes as his mom gasped, instantly dropping the knife to the floor and her hands going over her mouth, trying to force down her sobs. Percy couldn't speak and he flinched slightly when his mom's hand brushed his cheek, tracing the fading scar line that was there, tears gushing from her eyes. "My baby boy, is that you." She said brokenly and yet hopefully. "Mom." Percy forced out., his throat was hurting from holding back his sobs. Percy hadn't seen his mother since, since Hera took away his memories. His mom must have been somewhat aware of his whereabouts during that time, probably it was Annabeth who told her, or hopefully he heard his message he left her all that while ago but for the past two years, he was probably dead to her by her reaction to seeing him. "Percy! My son!" She cried joyously as she wrapped him in a hug and he returned the warm embrace, both of them sobbing into each other's shoulders. She pulled away and cupped Percy's face, smiling as she analysed his face, her eyes filled with so much tears and love. "My God. My Baby boy, my sweet baby boy!" She smiled through the tears as the two smiled, their foreheads against each others. "Oh, I can't believe it's you. It's been so long. I thought Gaea... We thought that you were dead." She cried. "I am here mom, and I am not going anywhere." Percy promised as they embraced once more but Percy pulled away when he heard footsteps coming towards the door and what came with footsteps was a all too familiar voice. "Sally, I hear crying. Is everything alright?" Percy looked up to see his old friend holding a blue plastic hairbrush towards the door for defense. Her bright red hair was curly as ever and looked short and recently cut. Her green eyes brightened as if she knew something that he didn't (which she always did). She was wearing a green cloak and her demeanor was calm yet deadly and violent. "Rachel?" Percy said with a grin, being able to recognize the oracle of Delphi anywhere. "Percy?" Rachel took a step back. Percy's eyes twinkled. "Seriously Dare, I really thought that you of all people would have seen this coming." Percy smirked and Rachel found herself grinning. "Holy Poseidon, it is you." Rachel rolled her eyes but Percy could see them shining as well. Rachel tackled him with a hug. Sally leaned forward and looked to the left and right of the hallway before she turned to Rachel and Percy. "Get inside. We don't need anyone hearing of this." His mom whispered. Rachel pulled away and nodded too and they stepped out the way and Percy stepped into the apartment, Rachel doing another quick check to make sure that no one was looking around before she closed the door and locked it. Percy walked through his apartment, and took in his home. Everything was still the same as he remembered. Apart from the boards blocking out the sunlight, everything was where it always was. Percy was about to ask where Paul was when he felt a sharp and painful slap hit him on the back of his head. He turned to Rachel, his eyes filled with annoyance and his mom was just standing to the side looking absolutely amused by the scene. "Ow. Seriously Rachel, what was that for?" "For making everyone think that you were dead, you idiot. It's been years." She explained. "Where have you been?" she demanded, wanting an answer. "Huh?" Percy said in a confused manner. "Years?" Rachel nodded. Percy looked between his mom and Rachel, they were dead serious. He was afraid to ask the new question that was bugging him. "What..." Percy froze but forced out the rest of the question, "...what year is it?" He asked shaking his head, scared of his expected answer. Rachel's eyes widened in understanding but she couldn't find herself about to answer him. "Rachel?" he called to her but she didn't answer him. he turned towards his mother worriedly, noticing her unreadable expression. "Mom?" he asked. Sally looked at her son helpless and defeated, tears brimming in Percy's eyes once more. "Why won't you answer me?" he asked them. Rachel weakly put her hand on Percy's shoulder and looked at him gravely, sitting him down on the couch, his mother seated next to him, taking his hand in hers. "Percy, it's been seven years since the war with Gaea." Percy's eyes bulged out of his head. Hat explained a lot and why so much had changed. That's why everyone thought that he was dead. He was seventeen anymore, no, he was twenty four years old. KDOH: hey guys. If you have seen this before, this is Freedom by AshleyDaughterofApollo but as Ashley has vacated fanfic as of yesterday, I have decided as co-author to finish what we started and finish Freedom on behalf of Ashley. This is not theft, I have adopted it from her and will finish it for her so i am starting it from the beginning so I can get editing chapters and finish writing the chapters that are ahead.