one. Pollux hated him. He wasn't even able to point out why–he simply did. The bad treatment started after a week of living with him. Gregory hit him. It was a slap, a slap given in front of her mother that she simply and plainly ignored. Her boyfriend was way more important than her children. He'd cried that night, tears rolling down his still-red cheek. It wasn't just out of pain–it was because somewhere inside his childish mind he'd believed that his mother would do something to protect him. She just stepped back. 'Pollux, darling, obey Gregory please', she said, completely ignoring her child's tears. That had continued for awhile, until one afternoon, Cornelia had left him, Castor and Gregory alone. Gregory hadn't thought twice what he did that night. Until then, he had only hit him, but that night he done something that was even worse. He'd hurt him nonetheless, but it was a different kind of hurt. It was something that years later he'd found out to be called rape. That night and the next morning, everything hurt. He could only recall vaguely what had happened, with Gregory ordering him to take out his clothes and obey him, but it was enough. He didn't want to remember. That night, Castor had been asleep and hadn't known anything, same as the next ones. Pollux didn't say anything to him. If Gregory wanted to hurt someone, that someone had to be him. The moment he tried to hurt your brother he would have some serious problems. That worked for a month or two. He didn't even try asking for his mother's help, as he knew he would receive none. He just hid it and did as ordered. It was until Castor found out. He'd find him crying, after Gregory had done it once more and was about to leave. Castor had been so scared, so confused, looking from Pollux to Gregory and then back to his brother. Pollux denied, gesturing for him to leave, but it'd been too late. There it was, that hideous look in his eyes. He'd done it again, but not to him. To Castor. To the only person that he wanted to protect more than himself. To the only person that he wanted to be safe in the whole world. As fast as it was over he'd taken Castor's trembling body into his arms, just like he was holding him right then, almost a decade before. He'd promised that he would never allow it to happen again–he would protect him. That night, he'd dreamt of a camp and a sign that said "New York". They left the house the next morning. It remained a complete mystery how two six-years-old had managed to leave Maine and had arrived to New York and then to Camp Half-Blood safely. Pollux had been the one leading, but he really couldn't tell why or how they had made it. He'd had dreams. He dreamt of a name or of a place, like a building or a field, and then found it in real life and followed the path he'd followed in his dream. That was the only logical explanation he could find for their safe arrival. He couldn't remember clearly when they'd crossed the barriers and entered the camp. He just vaguely recalled being told to pass the night at Cabin 11. The first days had been really difficult. Mr. D, apparently the principal or something had been out, and they had stayed in Hermeses' cabin until he came back an recognized them. It was a shock–to discover that they actually had a father and that he had been so interested in their safety that he had even recognize them. He had been the one sending him dreams, too, guiding him through the unknown places and keeping them silently away from danger. Still, back to when they'd first arrived to the camp and right then, he couldn't help but feel betrayed–if Dionysius cared so much, why hadn't he picked them up earlier? Why hadn't him taken them to the camp before everything happened, why hadn't he protected them as a father should? He'd continued to call him Mr. D even when he was allowed to call him by his name. He'd discover he was very good at sword fighting and archery. Castor wasn't as good. True to tell, slashing monsters seemed great, but the real reason why he wanted to train and to became a better fighter was to protect his younger brother. And so he did. They fought side by side, they learned to depend on each other and to trust the other one to do what they were not able to. They literally trusted each other with their life. They had never heard anything about their mother again. None mentioned her. Neither did they mention him. It was only when something like a nightmare or a sudden feeling brought back the memories that they went back to remembering that. Pollux didn't usually have nightmares. He had some, now and then, but they were just that, nightmares, nothing important, nothing to fear; memories, at the most, memories of something that had long-since happened. He had to protect his brother–that was his only thought, the only thing that kept him going. He couldn't afford crying due to something that had happened when he'd been six-years-old. He smiled fondly at the figure that innocently clung to him in his sleep. Everything he had done was to protect him. That was the only thing he could do–promise him he would ever be there for him. That he would ever protect him. That was the only thing that he could promise without lying. The only thing that he could be sure of. He would never let his brother down, he would never forsake them like their mother had or abandon him to his luck like their father had. He would always protect him. That was the only thing that he was able to assure.