as faltering as before, but her eyes unable to meet her gaze. "Because I have my own pending accounts with Demeter and I can't stand her treating someone like she did you". "What do you want in exchange of your services?" she questioned, her voice so void of emotion it was unnatural. "Pardon me?" the god asked, surprised. "No one acts for free, tell me what you want and I'll-I'll be sure to hand it to you" the girl offered, rearranging her tunic in a way that Hades was very sure the neckline was not supposed to go. "I'll have to decline your offer" the god replied, brow furrowed. "I will not receive any payment for breaking the east wing of Olympus". "Just tell me what it as and I'll fix it" Persephone repeated, in a voice so shaky that Hades could tell she was holding back tears. He sighed. "You win, I want something and it won't take much from you to satisfice me" he said, causing a violent intake of breath from the young goddess. "I want to see you smile". "Excuse me?" Persephone asked, raising her emerald eyes for the first time. "When you smile, you enlighten this place and your eyes gleam, so please try to do it more often, if you don't mind" he said, turning on his heels and leaving her to her own devices. And that was how, ever so subtly, Persephone learned to trust him, god of the Underworld and three-headed dog or not. The problems arrived some weeks later, when Hermes appeared and asked Persephone to be given back. Demeter was going crazy, he said, and it was madness at the mortal world. Really, Hades was very tempted to ignore his nephew. Whatever happened up there wasn't his problem. On the other hand, there was the issue with people dying— that was something he could not turn a blind-eye on. Besides, it wasn't his decision to make. "You ask Persephone" he said. "The last word is hers". It was the goddess' plan; he sincerely had nothing to do with it. When Persephone took the tiny seeds in her hand and swallowed them he was almost taken aback. Had he not told her not to do that? Persephone, however, was smiling. "That makes six seeds out of twelve, as months has a year" she explained to a flabbergasted Hermes. "Tell her I'm coming out to not let humans die, but I'm not giving up this place". All in all, Hades was just as stunned. But Persephone still had some cards to play, he discovered later that day as she proposed that they united in marriage. She was trying to find an excuse to not leave the Underworld, he decided, anything else was nonsense. She was plainly trying to escape from Demeter's clutch in a desperate measure. "I know what you are thinking Hades, and no, it's not like that" she assured, smiling brightly at him, in that way that she'd learned to do scarcely a few weeks in the past. "I like this place and I like you too. You are not like other gods. Believe me, I know. None would have done what you did for me". And he accepted, because, looking into her eyes he knew that she was making her first important decision by herself, and because yes, if there was someone he wanted to share his realms with, that surely was the green-eyed goddesses. The next day, as they met with Demeter in the Underworld's entrance, he could not hold back a throaty grunt. "Oh, my dear, it's been so long!" she said, aiming to take Persephone's hand, but the goddess stopped her by raising her delicate fingers in the air. "Within six months I'll be back to my home and to my husband" she replied simply, answering back to her mother for the first time, her eyes not downcast anymore. "I see what you did, Hades" Demeter spat at him, her voice kept from shaking in anger merely because she knew it was unwise to start a fight against Hades in his own realms. "I don't want to hear of you touching her again, do you understand?" he replied, his orbs the deathly ends of an obsidian blade. "If I so much as take notice that you laid a finger on her—" "Relax, I know how to step back" the goddess assured with a feline smile. As they left, Persephone spared him a last glance, and he was surprised to see that she was smiling, even when she went back to the living world, clinging to the promise of a return. And, really, why shouldn't she smile, now that she walked with her head held high, with the knowledge that she was a queen, now that she was different person from the one that had first entered the Underworld? Maybe, some things, like the burning end of a firefly or the twinkling sparkle of a star were really only meant to shine in the dark. So? How did that go? Good, bad, weird? I have to say, what happened with Demeter was a surprise for me too, I didn't mean to turn her into a villain even when she isn't my favorite goddess. In the beginning she was only supposed to be overprotective and insecure, then life happened and things turned... darker... I still think that I might have overdone it, but I dunno. Anyways, you have the last word on the matter, so please let me know in your comments what you think about this! Please don't forget to go read the other submissions (if you could pass by my accounts on Wattpad or DeviantArt I'd really, really thank you!) and please vote and comment and be awesome people! Also, be sure to follow me on Facebook (Karen Hikari, just the same, the image is a girl with red glasses and reading) so you know what I'm working on and read you soon! I love you!