familiar to you." For the first time, Calypso didn't seem to know what to say. "I…" "Minus the blind-and-in-Tartarus-without-a-weapon-and-being-attacked-by-monsters part, I suppose. But she did feel your despair of being left by me, so there you have it." "It wasn't supposed to be like that," Calypso got defensive. "It's not my fault she'd been hit with another curse before and that she didn't have a weapon. You have no right –" "I never said it was your fault for the other circumstances," Percy looked her dead in the eye, one of the most serious he had been all his life. "It happened. It sucked, she almost got killed, I almost got killed, but we were in Tartarus. It would've been bad either way. It could've happened while she was at camp, and I would be telling you the same thing: you're mad at me . You said you cursed me many times, but you did more than that. I understand why you'd be mad at her, but really, Annabeth didn't do anything to you. Hell, you've literally just met her. If you're angry with me , you curse me . I was the one who was a jerk to you, so if you're gonna punish someone, punish me, because I deserve it. But don't put her in the middle of it." Percy thought he'd stunned her into silence, because no one moved. For a moment, he feared he'd gone too far. He had just gotten Calypso to agree to try to forgive him and then he'd gone and dropped this on her. Also, he wasn't sure Annabeth would appreciate his protecting her. He might have gotten himself in double trouble, though he couldn't bring himself to regret it. Much to his surprise, a ghost of a smile appeared on Calypso's lips, even if it was a sad one. "I never did stand a chance with you, my hero. You are too loyal." She turned her eyes to Annabeth. "I only did what I did out of jealousy. I have a feeling you understand that." Percy risked a glance at his girlfriend. He couldn't decipher what Annabeth was thinking, her face was blank as she looked at the sorceress, her arms crossed again. Percy knew she understood jealousy – he'd been given the silent treatment one too many times not to notice she was territorial. But he didn't know how Annabeth felt about the whole curse thing. Apparently, Calypso hadn't been expecting an answer from Annabeth, because she nodded and stood to leave. "I'll help Leo with my bags. I guess I'll see you two around." The door closed behind her, leaving a tense silence in the room. Percy looked at Annabeth, who had gone back to staring at a spot in the wall opposite of her. Slowly, he reached out and gently took her hand, uncrossing her arms. He brought that hand to his lips, planting a kiss there and leaving it close to his mouth. "You're quiet." Annabeth only hummed. "It scares the shit out of me," Percy muttered against her the back of her hand. "Please say something." She sighed. "What do you want me to say, Percy?" "I don't know, whatever you're thinking." He brought her hand down and held it between his. "I don't know what to think." Annabeth bit her lip. "That moment with the curses was the worst moment of my life, thinking you'd left me. But you didn't have to defend me. I'm perfectly capable –" "Of course I know that. You can defend yourself better than I ever could. But can't I do it for once?" She finally looked at him, which was a relief. "It was a horrible moment for me, too. I had to say something. I don't want you to suffer from my mistakes." Annabeth seemed to soften at that. "We're in this together, Seaweed Brain. I would take a curse for you." "The feeling's mutual. But you shouldn't have to, that's all I'm saying. Fair is fair." Percy brushed a stubborn curl out of her face. "And you know you, uh, have nothing to worry about." "About what?" "Me, I mean…" Percy struggled with his words. "It's just that you were really quiet, and I know how you can get…" "Can get what?" Annabeth raised her eyebrows. "Um, I mean, you were very mad at me when I came back from Ogygia, and I don't want you to think that just because she's here… And it's our anniversary and all that…" Annabeth interrupted him with a kiss. "I'm not worried. Leo's timing could've been better, though." Percy laughed and pulled her chair closer. "Our timing is always impeccable, Wise Girl. It couldn't have been any different." He threaded his fingers through her messy ponytail and pulled her into a kiss. He broke away quickly, though. "Just tell me we won't have another Rachel situation. Your sarcasm was off the roofs." An outraged noise made its way up Annabeth's throat, but before she could slap him, Percy pulled her lips back to his. Despite how firmly he was gripping her hair, the kiss was extremely gentle, soft drags of lips and long sighs. They were both breathless by the time it ended. "C'mon," Percy whispered, puffs of breath hitting her lips. "I was going to take you on a walk on the beach." "You're so creative, Percy, oh, my gods, so innovative, never would have thought…" Annabeth responded sarcastically. "You're mean," he pointed at her. "But, due to the stressful morning, you owe me, so you can't be mad." "It's my birthday." "Now you're just whining." "Oh, my gods, just shut up," Piper said from the doorway. "Go make out under the sea or something." Piper had gone there on Leo's behalf to check if Calypso was still there. Annoying Percy and Annabeth had been just a bonus. Still, as they left holding hands, she couldn't help but imagine that they were going to do exactly what she'd said.