around, made Piper mad and feel so hurt and betrayed, she couldn't contain herself anymore. "So I guess you have time to reminisce over the fact that you miss Camp Half-Blood but absolutely no time to talk to me!" She spat angrily, catching Jason off guard. He stared at Piper with a shocked expression and soon he was up on his feet. "Piper, what's the big idea?" He shouted, making Piper feel a little bad. "I always need a break. I know that we are together and all that but that doesn't mean that we have to talk twenty four-seven." That just pissed the hell out of Piper, now she wasn't going to be soft and timid anymore. "Excuse me, but we've barely spoken to each other for the last two months. It's always, 'I'm busy Pipes,' or, 'I have to go Pipes, Rome needs me,' and I am sick of it. What happened to the man who didn't want to leave me two months ago? Where the hell is that Jason Grace?" She shouted, which was obviously going to damage Jason's ego severely. "I am still here Pipes but I have a lot on my plate right now. If you had just come with me, then we wouldn't be like this." Piper laughed, tears pouring from her eyes as she shook her head at him. "How do you know? I thought that you understood how I felt, this is my home. You are Roman Jason, blood and all, and I am Greek. I can never be able to adjust to the change, this is my home. My friends are here. You have friends there. Everyone at Camp Jupiter knows who you are. I know no-one. I thought that you respected my choice," she shouted back, and then she fell to the floor, sitting, trying to calm herself. "I don't know if I can do this anymore." "Piper, what are you saying? Do you want us to break up?" Piper shook her head. "No, I don't want to break up, but this just doesn't seem to be working anymore. I'm not going to come to Camp Jupiter, my home is here and your promise to Kymopoleia is important to you and your duties too are important and I understand that; But this—" Piper gestured her hand between her and Jason, "This is just hurting us." she said sadly, hugging her knees to her chest, the tears pouring from her eyes rapidly. "I don't want to break-up Jason, but I think we need some time apart, and maybe…maybe someday, we can start afresh." "But I can't be just friends with you Piper," Jason pleaded and ran a hand through his blonde tresses."That will just hurt us both. I don't think that we should see each other anymore, even as friends because I just… I can't do that." Piper felt like her heart was being stomped on. She didn't know what hurt more: the fact that they seem to be breaking up or the one where Jason didn't even want to be her friend if they broke up. But she couldn't do this anymore. "If that's what you want…" He voice was a barely audible whisper by the end of her sentence, as she looked at him with a tear running down her face. Jason didn't look her in the eyes as he said his final statement. "Then I guess it's over Pipes." Those words were etched into her brain permanently because Jason was the one who ended things, not her. "I guess so." Her voice cracked, she looked up and saw that the Iris message had disappeared. He ended their contact without so much as a good bye. That had really just happened. The person she loved had just broken up with her and practically trampled on her heart and she wasn't even allowed to be friends with him. Those were his terms and they were hurting her so badly. She sat there in silence, until finally; the silence was broken by the soft whisper of a voice that she knew all too well. Her mother hesitantly sat down on the grass next to her, not looking happy about it but she took Piper's hand in hers. "Piper, I am so sorry that I couldn't tell you." Piper smiled weakly at her mom, the Goddess of Love, being there was more that she could have asked for. "It's ok mom," Piper said softly. "I knew that you couldn't tell me, I just wished that it didn't hurt as much as it does." Aphrodite opened up her arms and they looked so inviting to Piper, she shifted closer to her mom and leaned into the embrace. Piper sighed happily, the feeling of warmth, support and love, literally, radiating off of Aphrodite made her feel so much better, like there was no worries in the world for her at all, like everything was going to be alright in her life and then she burst into tears. Aphrodite sighed and hugged Piper tighter as her daughter cried into her chest. "Don't worry Piper, everything will be alright my darling," Aphrodite whispered as she stroked her daughter's hair, whispering soothing words to the daughter she loved the most. She knew that in due time, Piper would be alright but it would take time. Still, she knew in the end, Piper would be alright, the only person who didn't know it yet was Piper herself. A/N: Hello everyone, now those who are Jasper fans will really hate me but this is just a prequel one shot to the story I will be posting in about a month or two and I know you are probably going to cuss me out and threaten my death but its all part of my plan cause I have really wondered what would happen with Kym's promise to Jason and what it might do to Jason and Piper's relationship so this is just the prequel one shot to the main story.