good thing." He said breathlessly against her lips. "Yeah, that's a really good thing." She replied against his lips. "I feel like such an idiot because when I saw him wrap his arm around your shoulders, I thought you two were more than friends." Percy added with a chuckle as he leaned his forehead against hers, her smile shining brighter than the moon above them in the night sky. "You're such a Seaweed Brain." She said with a chuckle, nudging his nose with hers. "And you're a Wise girl." Percy said with a smile, already in love with nickname she had already given him. "Percy Jackson, this could be the start of something good." Annabeth added before Percy pressed his lips against hers and found that this was indeed the best birthday of his life because he'd met the woman who not only fixed him but gave him the best moments of his life. A Year Later Percy had had an awesome first year at NYU and had been enjoying his time here. It was once again his birthday and he was officially twenty years old now. He didn't feel anymore different than he did last year, only this time he was a thousand times more happier than last year. His life had honestly changed for the better since he had met his incredible amazing girlfriend, Annabeth Chase. They'd been officially labelled as boyfriend and girlfriend for a little over eleven months now but today of course was the anniversary of the day he met the girl he was in love with. It hadn't taken him long to fall in love with her and find true happiness with the amazing young woman who in Percy's opinion grew more and more beautiful each and every day that went by. It had been a few days since they last spoke since Annabeth had her high school graduation a little over two weeks ago which Percy was happy to attend. He missed her so much. The last time he got to hold her was that day and they had very short conversations over the phone lately but that was better than not hearing from her at all. It made him wonder if she remembered that today was his birthday, he'd tried calling her to say happy anniversary but her phone was switched off or something cause it didn't even ring. He was currently seated in his dorm room. He'd decided that for the summer, he was just going to stay up at the university since he didn't want to burden his family with accommodation and interfering in their lives, not that his mother would've of minded. He just wanted some to catch up on his studies and get some much needed practice since Olympic scouts were going to be coming round at the beginning of next week. It was lonely in his dorm room since his roommate had graduated and moved out, so now he had this whole room to himself and since most of students were going home more the summer, it shocked Percy when he heard a knock on his door. Percy quickly grabbed a wife beater that was laying on the floor of his room and pulled it over his head and made his way to his door and pulled it open. The minute he saw who was behind the door, his jaw dropped. There stood his girlfriend, Annabeth Chase with a bright smile adorning her beautiful glowing face. She stood there dressed in a pair of denim shorts with white muscle crop top decorated with owls that left her belly button exposed and an NYU cap on the top of her head and a pair of sandals. Percy's eyes went down to the paper that she held in her hands as his eyes skimmed over the writing on the paper. Dear Miss Annabeth Chase we would like to inform you that you have been accepted into New York University... Percy's eyes widened as he looked up at her face as she shrugged shyly, unable to stop the smile on her face from growing. "Hello. My name's Annabeth Chase and I'm your roommate." She said with an excited chuckle as Percy grinned at her confession and it grew when he saw the bags in the hallways with a few boxes here and there. "Are you serious?" Percy asked, his voice filled with shock and disbelief as Annabeth nodded. "Happy Birthday Seaweed Brain." With that, Percy lifted her into his arms and spun her round, causing her to laugh and wrap her arms around his neck as he spun her, completely happy and excited by this. He was in disbelief. A year ago, he was miserable and decided to hold a birthday party before he left for University and then he met Annabeth chase. He'd never have thought that a simple misunderstanding would have brought him the happiness he had discovered now. When he set Annabeth down, he pulled back and stared into her intense joy filled grey eyes with his green ones that sparkled with happiness as he told her exactly how much she meant to him. "I love you, Annabeth." He said there with every ounce of honesty, love and emotion he could. She smiled as she returned it, "I love you too, Percy." And with that, he leaned in and kissed her, hopeful of the future, and a thought that crossed his mind was that everything that had happened, led to this perfect amazing moment, this perfect piece of happiness that would continue to be perfect for years to come. A simple birthday misunderstanding had brought him the perfect life he wanted and he intended to make damn sure that he never lost it. The End Well that's a wrap everyone. Hope you enjoyed this one shot which has been enjoyable tow write. Happy birthday to the awesome Percy Jackson. Hope you enjoyed it everyone. Review, favourite, follow, whatever floats your boat. Thanks for reading my one-shot everyone.