They were three bunks tall and five across with ladders between each column. They all had open curtains, except one. "Will?" Nico called for the blonde boy through the curtain. There was no response. "Will, I'm sorry." Silence. Nico frowned and climbed the ladder, and slid the curtain open a few inches. Will was tucked away in the far corner of the bunk with a thin yellow blanket covering his body. He faced the wall, staring blankly at it. His arms were wrapped tightly around a pillow. "I didn't mean to hurt your feelings, Will. I didn't know what else to do." "You could've just called me a fag like everybody else." His words were so quiet Nico barely caught them. "What?" "I said you could've just called me a fag like everybody else." His words were a few decibels louder. "It was written all over your face. You might as well have just said it. Wouldn't have made it any worse." Nico blinked. "I don't know what my face looked like, but that defiantly wasn't what I was thinking." Will let out a sarcastic laugh. "Sure you weren't. You were just thinking about how disgusting I am and how much you hate me." Nico could feel his arms getting tired, so he pulled himself into the cubby and sat criss-cross at the foot of Will's bed. "I don't hate you. I don't think you're disgusting." "Then what was that reaction? Because that's what it looked like." The son of Hades shrugged. "Embarrassment. Surprise. Scopophobia. Hapaphobia. Mostly surprise though." At some point during the conversation, Will had turned away from the wall and sat up against the headboard. His eyes were red which really brought out his gold eyes. His knees were up to chest and he was still grasping the pillow like it was his life line. "So you don't abhor me?" He sounded so insecure that Nico just wanted to pull him into his arms and coddle him like his mother use to. "I don't know what abhor means, but I do know I could never hate you or be disgusted by you." "And, does what happened change anything between us?" Nico knew exactly what Will was talking about. After the war they'd been getting a lot closer. They'd become best friends over the last few months, which was something they both had needed. Nico because he never had anything stable in his life, and Will because he refused to get really close to anybody new after Lee Fletcher and Michael Yew had died. "That depends." Nico said, worried that he would make Will lie just to keep their relationship as it was. "Did you mean it, or was it just a stupid dare to you?" "A stupid dare." Will mumbled. Even though Will was a horrible liar, the answer made Nico feel like his heart was being stabbed with a mace. "Your lies or grisly, Will." Will's face was red. "I know." "So you really like me?" He asked. "It wasn't a stupid dare." Will admitted to him quietly. "I had to swear on Styx I'd kiss my real crush." A beat of silence. Two. Three. "So, does this change anything between us?" He asked again, sounding even more afraid of the answer. "I- I think it does." Nico whispered. He looked directly into Will's eyes, barely able to ignore the immediate look of heartbreak. "Because, I really like you too." Blonde eyebrows furrowed. "Wh- what?" Leaning forward slightly he confirmed what Will had thought he heard. "I like you, Will Solace. I really, really like you." Suddenly their lips connected and warm hands were on the sides of his face. When had the six foot gap closed between them? Instinct caused Nico to freeze and he fought down the urge to bolt. It felt like he was about to vomit and was trying to swallow his tonsils at the same time. But almost as fast as the kiss had happened, it started feeling good, and Nico felt he could relax into it. His lips moved in sync with Will's and his hands found the blonde's short locks. Will pulled away too soon. "I'm sorry." He muttered. "You don't like being touched. I just couldn't help it." Nico's breaths were coming in short puffs. "I think it's something I could get use to." He told him. "While, only from you." Will smiled, which felt like the first time in forever. He was about to kiss the dark haired boy again, but thought better of himself. Instead he asked Nico another question. "Nico, will you be my boyfriend?" Nico smiled a lopsided smile. "Yeah Luce Del Sole ." He told the blonde. "I'd love to." They leaned in and kissed again. And for the first time in a very long time, they both felt content with their lives. Now they just had to deal with the other campers. For those of you who read to the end, thanks! I'd love some reviews right now. Flames are accepted! Check out my other stories on my profile! I might redo this chapter at some point because I'm not completely satisfied with how it is, but I've been working on this for maybe two weeks now, so... Also, I started writing this for number 99, but I wasn't satisfied so it kind of made a rough switch to 87. So yeah, this will definately be rewritten in the future, prehaps even uder a different prompt. I have an urge to write some really cliche "Answers from the Seven" type story. You know the ones where people ask a question and I write my interpretation of what the Seven would say. I don't want to post a story where the first chapter is an author's note though, so if you have any questions you would like the Sven to answer, please leave it in a review. Thanks and see y'all next time! ~IAmLordVoldemort2 QOTD: What are your plans for Halloween on Friday?