family shared out of thin air and that precisely was what Rosa Valdez was trying to do. "Leo?" Rosa questioned when she noted his lost gaze. "Are you listening?" No, he decided, he wasn't listening merely because there was no point in paying attention to nonsenses such as what his aunt was saying. "Look, lady" he started, and suddenly his voice wasn't as shaky. "I appreciate your offer, it's… it's quite tempting" he nodded, refraining himself from adding 'I would have accepted with no further thoughts in another time'. "But I… I already have a family" he let out, noticing just as the words left his lips how genuine they were. "And I don't need anything else". "But… Leo, what are you saying?" Rosa inquired in a high-pitched voice. "I… I am your family… We only have each other… Why…?" "Listen, ma'am, I… I needed you, I needed this" he accepted, shrugging. "In another time, but not now. It's too late" he said, already standing up. "I didn't come back for you I… I came back for one of my mother's paintings, the one that hangs from the living room, actually. I don't need your pity now" he explained, directing himself to said place. "But… but, Leo, dear… Please…" "Rosa, I know what I'm saying. I've made my decision" and his voice was secure and held resolution as he spoke, no longer the one of a frightened child. He wasn't just trying to get rid of Rosa, he was sure of what his words meant. And it was precisely that certainty what brought new tears to Rosa's eyes. "Leo, please…" she tried one last time, attempting to reach for the boy's wrist, but the son of Hephaestus had already unhung the picture from the wall and was walking over to the door. " Uno siembra lo que cosecha *" he muttered, freeing himself from her hold. "I… I have to go. I'm sorry". When he left the building, clutching the painting ―the last string that tied him to Rosa and this house― to his chest he decided to turn a blind ear to the woman's muffled cries, just like she had left him sobbing at the police station so many years in the past. Surprises were not yet over he realized as he turned the first corner and found Calypso patiently waiting next to Festus. "After you left Piper kind of made me tell her where you were going and… they sort of made me promise to come with you unless I wanted them, all of them, to come after you, so…" she explained with a smile, drawing her arms around Leo's shoulders and giving him a tiny peck on the lips before stepping back. As she said so, her voice was soft, cheerful, sounding as if she hadn't even thought of her words, as if they were merely meant to be said. And, somehow, that made sense. Leo wasn't even surprised of finding her there, awaiting him with a smile and, furthermore, he wasn't mad that she hadn't left him have the privacy to go and talk to his aunt and then return to the camp with dark thoughts and musings he was better off without because a part of him had always known that a trip that seemed so casual like this one would call his friends' attention and it was precisely that what made their actions so meaningful. Yes, even as they were invading his privacy indeed. They noticed them, things as simple as this one, things small like going out without informing anyone or skipping dinner. "She threatened you to do so or was it just charmspeak?" he asked her, leaning down to press a kiss to her forehead. "It didn't take much to convince me" Calypso admitted in a low voice, her beautiful features letting her worry show for once. "Are you alright?" "Better than ever" the son of Hephaestus nodded with a sincere grin. "I'm glad to see you" he added, dwelling on how true his words were just when they left his mouth. And that was all they needed to say, that was all that needed to be said, with no words, with just arms drawn around lean shoulders and meaningful smiles. Later on, as he hung his mother's painting from the walls of the dining room in the Argo II he couldn't help but think once more that he'd made the right decision. And now, just like that feeling of belonging that had adorned the living room of his house in another time he knew, he knew that he was with his family whenever he spent time with any of the other demigods that he shared the ship with. What did you think? That he would stay with her? Nope, nope, nopity, nope. As I said before, Leo isn't alone anymore, and not even a kinder Rosa can change that. Also, you know that I'm not really into Caleo. Actually, my original draft ended when Leo leaves Rosa's house, but as I wrote it down I decided that nah, Caly deserved to be there and Leo deserved the love of his girlfriend, so there you have it Dawei, don't say I don't listen to you! ;) As a matter of fact, I want to dedicate this story to all of you who have stayed despite how 70% of the time I'm writing either Angst or Hurt/Comfort. There you have it, a happy Leo! Now, the translations (you know how much I like playing around with words, especially in Spanish): *1: Dios , Spanish for "God". *2: Raphael is actually canon. I think he is mentioned by Leo either in The Lost Hero or The Mark of Athena. *3: Uno siembra lo que cosecha , "You reap what you sow". That's all for now guys, I hope you enjoyed this little something and please let me know in your comments what you think about this take on Rosa's personality! Thanks for reading! ;)