come from the sea." His son nodded, "Is that why I suck at archery?" "No, archery is a skill for children of Zeus because the arrow is in the air, Zeus' domain," Poseidon winced. He wasn't good at archery either. "Okay," Percy said. "It should be much easier to practice and protect yourself with that. Celestial bronze is one of the metals that can harm monsters. This can harm monsters but not mortals. Plus you won't be able to lose it in pen form because it will always return to your pocket," Poseidon said. "Triton has agreed to tutor you with your powers over the sea." Percy's eyes went wide, "He doesn't hate me?" "No, I think he's excited to teach you. I'll send you a notice of when you should meet him after your quest," the Sea God said. "Thanks Dad, I was worried I would have to go through that alone," Percy said quietly. Poseidon gave his youngest son a small smile, "Nope, you've got people supporting you in this, Percy." "Thanks," it was then that Poseidon saw Percy yawn, he knew that he'd have to leave soon, so he gathered Percy into his arms for a hug. His son was shocked for a moment, but eventually returned the hug. "Now, you're tired. It's time for bed," Poseidon stood up. "Do I have to?" Percy asked. "Yes, the next few days are going to be very trying for you," Poseidon tucked Percy in and just as Percy was about to succumb to Morpheus' realm Poseidon said, "I love you Perseus and even if I can't be there all the time, it doesn't mean I'm not watching." He thought he saw Percy nod, but he could have been imagining it, overall he was glad that he had visited. Percy woke up early the next morning, almost believing that the visit from his dad was a dream until he saw the gifts his dad had given him on the shelf nearby. Since there was still an hour before breakfast he decided to start reading one of his books and was surprised that the language that he was reading was easier than reading Ancient Greek and definitely easier than English. When he heard the signal for breakfast he didn't want to put the book down, he was so enthralled by it, so he brought it with him. He wasn't sure if it was allowed, but he honestly didn't care. He had plenty of space when he needed to put it down to eat his breakfast. Percy placed his book on the Poseidon table and made his way up to make his offering. As he put his food in to be burnt as an offering to his dad he said, To Poseidon. Thank you for being there when no one else was. He ignored the looks he was getting as he walked across the room towards his table and then the confused looks he got by multi-tasking with eating his breakfast and reading at the same time. Percy was so absorbed in his book that he didn't realize there was someone across from him until they snatched the book out of his hands and the entire room was silent. Annabeth. "I didn't know children of Poseidon had the intelligence level to read," she said coolly. "Probably all pictures." He heard laughter from more than one table in the room. Percy tried to remain calm. He knew that this Athena girl was just baiting him, well two can play at that game. He smirked and said, "Not a picture book and I would be happy to lend it to you if you can read it." Annabeth's face went red, "Of course I can read!" Percy smirked again and leaned back, "Go ahead then, pick a random page and read to us Wise Girl. " Most people in the dining hall were snickering at Percy, but when Percy glanced at Mr. D and Chiron, Percy knew that they knew exactly what was going on. "Fine, I will!" She flipped open a random page which was about half-way through. She opened her mouth, but closed it quickly and leaned forward with scrunched eyebrows as if observing the page. People began to whisper before Percy said, "Any day now Annabeth." Her eyes flashed, "What is this jibberish!?" The rest of the hall gave Annabeth and Percy confused glances, "It's a language only with the sea running through their veins can understand. So it may be jibberish to you, but to me it's easier to read than Ancient Greek." She continued to stare at him before he said, "But as you can tell, it isn't some picture book. It's about all the ins and outs of the sea," He sighed. "Well I've got to get my new sword for lessons today, see you later Annabeth." With that Percy left the dining pavilion. Annabeth broke out of her stupor and looked up at Mr. D and Chiron, "Was he lying?" Mr. D rose one eyebrow, "About the language of the sea?" Annabeth nodded. "Of course not, children of Poseidon can speak that language and Hawaiian fluently without any practice." "What's it called?" Malcolm asked. "Only those of the sea know," Chiron replied. "The sea holds many secrets, much to Lord Zeus' chagrin." "Huh," the Stoll brothers said together. "Wait, did he say 'new sword'?" Luke asked Chiron. "It seems that Lord Poseidon must have given Percy 'Riptide', it's a famous sword with a long history, but it was made from the sea so it works for a child of Poseidon because they work best with weapons from the sea," Chiron replied. "Gotcha." Abrupt ending and Annabeth may be a bit OOC, but remember this is just after he got claimed and it was discussed slightly that Annabeth didn't act kindly towards Percy in the beginning due to their parent's rivalry, so I used that and just amplified it. I hope it's okay. I didn't really check over it.