war? When I saw you swoop in and save the day with those skeletons, I wondered if I would ever be as brave or powerful as you." "Will, I don't think you realize-" "No, I don't think you realize, Nico. Can you just get it through your thick little head that there are people who care about you? Hazel cares about you. Jason cares about you so much I actually had to ban him from visiting you in the infirmary, something I've never had to do before. Every time I visit Coach Hedge and his son the only thing he asks me about is you and whether you're okay. Everyone in this camp cares about you, Nico, but you're too wrapped up in your belief that you're un-loveable to realize that you have people out there who do love you." Will hesitated. "There are people here who love you a whole lot." "They think they love me," Nico muttered. "They think they do, and I appreciate it. But they don't know me. I've done things, Will, things I'm not proud of, and as soon as everyone sees who I really am-" "They'll care about you even more," Will said adamantly. "We've all done things we're not proud of; we're demigods! No one cares what you've done, Nico. When you disappeared everyone in both camps dropped everything they were doing and looked for you because they care. They wouldn't waste their time otherwise." Nico stared at the ground. Will had let one of his hands drop, but he left the other one on top of Nico's. Nico knew it wasn't accidental anymore. He was trying to comfort him. For some strange reason Nico felt tears prick at his eyes, and he hurriedly blinked them back. The last thing he wanted to do was cry in front of Will. " Please let us be your friends, Nico," Will pleaded. "We want to help you. I want to help you." Nico clenched his jaw. He didn't know what to say. His mind was yelling at him, telling him that Will was lying, picking through every word to try and find a hidden message in it. He felt like hundreds of little monsters were jumping around in his head, beating on his skull and trying to make him understand that this couldn't be true, that Will couldn't mean what he was saying. A thousand memories vied for Nico's attention; campers, wide-eyed with fear when he walked into the training arena; Percy frowning at him before turning to Annabeth, a genuine smile lighting up his face at the sight of her; his father glaring at him, unsaid words resounding in Nico's head: It should have been you. Nico squeezed his eyes shut, silently begging for them to all to stop. It had gotten worse since his trip to Tartarus, the doubts that would seize him whenever he thought he was getting better. It wasn't fair. "Nico?" Will sounded worried when Nico didn't respond. Nico wanted to say something to let him know he was alright, but he didn't trust his voice enough. Instead, he slowly twisted his hand until it was palm to palm with Will's. Then he waited with bated breath for Will's reaction. Will seemed to hesitate slightly, obviously confused. Then, very gently, he squeezed Nico's hand. When the son of Hades didn't draw away, he allowed a smile to creep onto his face and entwined his fingers with Nico's, squeezing again. His hands were warm in Nico's cold grip. I'm here , they seemed to say. They sat in silence for a long time, hands entwined, and after a while Nico stopped obsessing over whether Will noticed his palms were sweating. He focused instead on the peace of the moment, the sense of belonging that Will carried with him everywhere he went. He always seemed to know how to make everyone he talked to feel wanted. Nico turned all his attention to this, and was surprised when he found it quieted the voices in his mind just a little bit. Every once in a while a particularly bad thought would jump at him and he would squeeze Will's hand, but it always calmed him down when he felt Will squeeze his hand just as firmly back. After what felt like hours, Nico felt Will slump to the ground. Nico sat up straight, alarmed, and squinted through the darkness. When he realized what had happened, he relaxed. Will had fallen asleep. It was no wonder. It must have been hours after curfew; Nico was surprised no one had come looking for them yet. Nico hesitated, unsure of what to do. He couldn't just leave Will here. "Will?" he whispered. He got no response other than a light snore. He grinned. Will snored. "Will?" he tried again. Will's head turned towards him, his mouth falling slightly open. One part of Nico wanted to jump up and run away. The other part was very, very tired after the events of the past week. He tried to slip his hand out of Will's, but Will seemed to be conscious enough to squeeze even harder. Nico stopped struggling immediately, not wanting to wake him up. He rolled his eyes. He wasn't going anywhere anytime soon. Sighing, Nico laid back on the sand and tried to get comfortable. It seemed that he was going to have to wait until Will woke up again. That shouldn't take too long. The temperature was slowly dropping, and although Nico was used to freezing temperatures in the underworld, Will moped around whenever the sun wasn't out. He'd be up and searching for a warm bed in no time. He shut his eyes for a moment, focusing on the sound of the waves and the feel of Will's hand in his. And in a few minutes, he was fast asleep. A/N: I'm not sure if I'm going to continue this or leave it as a one-shot. Leave me your thoughts! Thanks for reading!