a plan. This concerned me, that's not how someone reacts to this sort of news. I'll tell him my dad's final decision the next time I see him. I walked over to my hut to grab my journal in which I wrote down my feelings before I decided to come clean with Percy. I opened the journal that contained my feelings throughout the past few days. I reread the pages and remember the times when I felt myself slowly falling in love with Percy. All the hints seems so obvious right now but then I was so confused. I sighed putting the journal down and was about to lay down when my Percy burst into the hut. "Nico!," Percy panted. "What is it Percy?," I asked. "We're about to leave," he answered. My eyes widened as I stared at the siren. It can't be. I wanted some more time with him. I haven't even told him what's going to happen to him. "Percy, I need to tell you something," "What is it Nico?" "Remember what I said could happen once we finish fixing the S.S Tartarus?" "Yeah, that's why I came here," "Well my dad's chosen what is going to happen to you," "And that is?" "Selling you..," "Hey Nico?" "Yes," "Can you stay?" "What do you mean?" "We can run away, together. We can just live our lives here," "Percy I, I can't," "Wha-why not? I thought we were friends," "We are but, I just can't," "In that case I'll go myself!," "I don't think so," a familiar voice piped up. Then he grabbed Percy's arms and pinned them behind his back. Percy started screaming for help but I just stood there, overwhelmed by everything that just happened. OoO Timeskip til they're on the ship OoO I stared out into the sea feeling immense guilt. Maybe I should check on the little guy. At least to see how he's taking the situation and possibly comfort him if he needs it. I walked over to his cell. He looked so sad, just staring of into the distance. "Hey Percy," I tried to get his attention. "Nico," he replied nonchalantly. I decided to get closer. "So, how are you doing?" "Well the one person left I have that I love and supposedly loves me back just said he wouldn't be willing to run away with me even though his other life is totally ruined. So I am totally fine," he replied sarcastically. "'Supposedly loved? What the hell does that mean!" "I thought you loved me! I thought I read the signs correctly, appears not." "Percy of course I love you!" "Not in the way I thought." "In which way was that." "I thought we had something special. I thought you loved me in a romantic sense." "Percy, I do love you like that." "Then why didn't you leave with me? Yeah your family is here but that didn't stop Bianca who chose to study." "I just don't know! It's change, I'd leave everything I know behind." "We could have been happy together. I don't want to be sold off to someone. Who knows what they could do to me! They could cut me open and sell my insides! They could use me for their pleasure! Nico I'm scared," by this point he was intensely sobbing into his hands. I stroked his hands in a comforting manner. "Nico?" "Yes Percy?" "You love me right?" "Of course" "Then please just let me go." "What?" "Just release me into the ocean. I'll find someplace to stay. You can blame me all you want to your crew once they find out it was you. Just please, I just want to live." I stared at the sobbing siren. He just wants to live, to be loved. I wish I had stayed with him. If at least to give Percy his happy ending. I didn't want Percy to leave me. Why did things have to be like this? I teared up and hugged Percy tighter. We were now both crying into each other's loving arms. "Alright." I let Percy out of his cell. We both silently walked over to the side of the deck. Suddenly I heard a ton of footsteps. I turned around only to see the entire crew fuming with their cutlasse's out. Suddenly a crew member got a hold of Percy. Percy struggled but to no avail. "What do you think you're doing!" yelled my father. I opened my mouth to speak but he interrupted saying, "I know well what you were planning on doing! You were helping that sea scum escape weren't you! Hazel overheard your crying and went to investigate. She also heard about the plans on your betrayal." "Dad please can we spare Percy! He didn't sink us and all he ever did was help." "No enough of you!" Some more crew members came and tied my arms behind my back. I struggled but that only made them tie it tighter and tighten their grip on me. "As a punishment for your betrayal you will walk the plank. You will also watch your beloved's life flash across his eyes." My eyes teared up as I locked eyes with Percy for the last time before Hazel's cutlass impaled his chest. I watched the light leave his eyes and his body fall limp. Now it was my turn to leave this life. I made my way to the edge of the wooden plank. My vision clouded by my tears. I thought to myself, I hope we meet again in another life my sweet sea prince. In a life in which we are allowed to be in love and not be ridiculed for it. I was pushed off the plank. I was hit with the cold water. My lungs filled with water and before I knew it I felt nothing. Heyyy sad ending huh? Hope you enjoyed it though! I'll be writing something fluffy next . Oh and this is for PercicoPositivityProject on Tumblr!