deal. Do you want me to bring you something back?" Cathy's face lit up. "Oh, Calypso, would you? I'm starving, and the only thing I have on me is a couple of mints." "Sure, I'll grab something," I promised her. "See you in a bit." "Thank you!" she called over her shoulder as she resumed wheeling the metallic cart down the hall. As I headed over to the front doors, I glanced at the front desk, which was being looked after by a woman I recognized to be one of the nurses. She must have been stationed there temporarily; the new guy wasn't here yet. Shrugging, I continued walking, passing the waiting room. There were a few people in there, all of them either signing forms of flipping through the magazines that were strewn about the room to keep people busy. A few of them looked up eagerly as I passed, but when I didn't go over to them they lost interest and went back to their reading. Right across the street from the hospital was a little coffee shop I always went to on my breaks. It was quick, easy, and their food actually wasn't that bad. It had a very urban feel to it, with plenty of organic choices, and it was almost always packed full of young college kids flirting and experimenting with new drinks. Not my sort of crowd, but I wasn't looking to make friends in there. The bell jingled overhead as I stepped in, and everyone turned to glance at me briefly before going back to their conversations, unimpressed with my older age and unstylish uniform. Huh. Twice in five minutes. The line was short, and in only a few minutes I was at the register, ready to order. "I'll have a tall black coffee and two turkey sandwiches," I said, looking up at the menu. The worker behind the counter was a young man with a shock of bleached blond hair and a silver nose ring. He bobbed his head, but I couldn't tell whether he was affirming my order or dancing to the music playing overhead. "That'll be $16.78," he said. I hoped that meant that he had been listening to me. I handed over a twenty dollar bill and dropped the coins I received back into the tip jar. Scanning the room, I zeroed in on a plush red chair in the corner, which was the only seat in the whole shop that was empty. Sitting down, I pulled out my phone and started scrolling through it, checking for messages. To my surprise, I had a voicemail. Frowning, I clicked on it and pressed it to my ear, turning away from the noise of the shop to listen. "Hey, Calypso, it's Percy," a deep voice said on the line. I felt my heart skip a beat, and I pressed myself farther into the chair as if to get more privacy. "You're probably at work right now, but I was just calling to check if we're still on for coffee on Thursday. Sorry we couldn't do it last month; work was pretty hectic, you know? Anyways, I can meet you-" His voice cut off, and Calypso heard muffled talking on the other end. Percy laughed, and then returned to the phone. "Sorry, Annabeth just got home. I can meet you at 3 at our usual place on Thursday. Give me a call when you get this. Bye!" I sighed as I lowered the phone, deleting the message. I would call him back after work. I got up when they called my order and grabbed the white paper bags and coffee cup off the counter. As I walked back outside and set off across the street back to the hospital, I tried to shake off the sullen mood the voicemail had given me. Thinking back to what Cathy had said about me having to get over Percy, I laughed a little bit. I was pretty doubtful that that was going to happen anytime soon. I might just get together with that new worker just to get my mind off things. As soon as I walked through the front doors I was practically tackled by a streak of red hair and dragged off to the corner. I stumbled, clutching onto my hot coffee and breathing a sigh of relief when it didn't spill. "Cathy!" I hissed. "What the heck?" "I saw the new receptionist guy," Cathy whispered, looking excited. "He just got here." "That's great," I said, yanking my arm away. "Now can I go eat my sandwich?" "Not yet, you have to see him," she whined. "Come on, Calypso- this is exciting! We haven't had a newbie around in ages." "You act like this is high school or something." "No, this is work- even better!" She craned her neck to look down the hallway. "He's kind of cute, I guess, in a scrawny sort of way. Latino, I think. Is that your type?" Before I could answer, she whacked my arm, and I came dangerously close to spilling my coffee again. "Oh, there he is!" She dragged me forward towards the center of the room so we could see as he came around the corner, talking with none other than Margaret, who must be showing him around. He was looking at her with a cheeky grin, and when he turned to look at the room, towards Cathy and I, I nearly dropped my coffee. There was no mistaking that head of curly brown hair and glinting eyes. "Leo?" I asked in disbelief. A/N: Here we go! This is the sequel to 'The Green Eyed Delinquent'. Thank you very much if you read this and are willing to continue on to the sequel; and if you're a new reader, hello! Please leave a review and tell me what you think so far. I know the first chapter was short, but they're going to get longer as I start establishing everything. Thanks for reading! -Kayla