wall. As far as messy goes, Nico only noticed a shirt tucked over the desk chair, a cluttered desktop, a slightly overflooded closet, and a few papers on the floor. The only thing giving the room personality was a small cork board above the desk, covered in photos. "Sorry my rooms messiness isn't up to your standards." Jason grinned, sitting down on the neatly made bed. "You're house is like a hotel," Nico noted, sitting on the bed. "Yeah, I guess so…" Jason agreed, leaning against the door. "Do you mind if I take a quick shower? I just back from the game so I'm kinda gross…" "Oh, yeah, sure, how did that go by the way?" Nico asked, picking at the duvet. "We lost," Jason shrugged, pulling clothes out of the closet. "I'm sorry," Nico said. "Don't worry about it, we've been having an off season so I wasn't really surprised. I'll just be a minute…" "Take your time," Nico assured him. Five minutes later, Jason emerged. His blonde hair was damp, making it a shade darker, and he was dressed in grey sweatpants and a royal purple shirt. "I'm really sorry about Chris." Nico apologized again. "Nico, don't worry about it. Leo said he broke his the first day, and reprogrammed it to spout out Game of Thrones sayings." "Are you serious?" Nico laughed. "He said in the middle of class it malfunctioned and kept repeating, "You know nothing, Jon Snow." "Too bad ours just kinda...died." Nico frowned, tracing Chris's button nose with his fingers. Jason came over and perched next to Nico on the bed. "I'm not that good with people…" Nico whispered. "Lucky for you, it's just a doll." Jason whispered back, and Nico could hear the reassuring smile in his voice. "I wasn't talking about Chris…" Nico said, not looking at Jason. "Oh…" "I'm sorry for yelling at you, it wasn't your fault at all." "It's okay, Nico, I'm sorry I underestimated you." "I should have listened. Your were so right, it was so fucking hard, and I only had him for a few hours more." Jason was quiet for a minute before speaking. "I dropped Chris down the stairs the first night." "What?" "I dropped him down those ginormous stairs we just walked up." Nico looked up at Jason and met his clear blue eyes. They stared at each other for a minute, before bursting into laughter. "Fuck" Jason whispered after they had calmed down, "We are horrible parents." "And I thought Annabeth and Percy were bad." Nico chuckled, nudging Jason with his shoulder. They laughed some more until they eventually ended up laying side by side, with their legs hanging over the bed. "This reminds me of that Spongebob episode," Nico mused. Jason nodded. "Where they find that baby clam and take care of it...that was a good episode…" "I wouldn't know, I've never seen it." Jason said. Nico sat up and stared down at Jason in disbelief, "Are you kidding me?" "No, I'm not, my stepmother would never let me watch Spongebob." "Well, now we have to watch it!" Nico said, getting up from off the bed, "Where's your laptop?" "On the desk." Jason said, scooting up to the top of the bed. Nico looked the episode up online, and for the next 20 minutes, they watched Rock-a-Bye Bivalve. They watched a few more episodes after that, Nico tried to catch Jason up on all the classics. He seemed to like them, laughing at all of the jokes and imitating them back to Nico after they finished the episode. It was fun to watch. At one point, Nico ended up resting on Jason's shoulder during Chocolate With Nuts. Jason was laughing at something on the screen, and when he looked down to see if Nico was laughing, he noticed him staring. Jason didn't say anything, just slowly let his head fall down until his lips were on Nico's. Nico didn't pull away, instead he pushed himself up more, pressing his lips harder against Jason's. Jason's lips were soft and surprisingly pouty, and Nico liked the way they felt against his own. They both pulled away in surprise, when the heard a loud noise on the screen. Jason chuckled and looked back at Nico. "I should go." Nico said suddenly, getting up from the bed and straightening his clothes. "What?" Jason asked, following Nico off the bed. "I just need to go home, you have Chris so just bring him to school tomorrow, I'll meet you by my locker again, and we can-" Nico was interrupted though, by a pair of lips pressing against his own. Jason pulled away and stared down at Nico. He only noticed now, how much taller Jason was compared to him, it must be at least 10 inches. "I like you, Nico." Jason said, his hands resting on his shoulders. "I like you too." Nico whispered back. Jason laughed, "Then stop being so dramatic and kiss me." So Nico did. The next morning, they were more than happy to give Chris back to Mr. Asclepius. "You two seemed to have worked well together," he remarked as he took back the baby. The Jason and Nico held their breaths as their teacher inspected the baby, before dropping him unceremoniously back into the box. "Next!" he shouted, shooing Nico and Jason back up the line. "I can't believe he didn't notice anything," Jason whispered to Nico as they took their seats. "I know," Nico agreed. "Hey, Jason!" A few of Jason's other friends started calling him over, waving their hands madly in the air to get his attention. Jason turned and motioned to them that he was fine where he is. They seemed confused but continued what they were doing before; shoving each other into surrounding objects. "You don't care?" Nico asked. "Not really, no," Jason smiled at Nico, "I still have to take you out to the toy store." "Okay, Jason," Nico laughed, "take me to the toy store."