before Reyna boarded the USS Midway for the last time. Although his hand was shaking, he felt calmer than he did before. His thumb traced the lines of writing, as he began reading Reyna's final thoughts, a lump formed in his throat, he began choking up badly as he started reading over Reyna's final diary entry. The tears pouring from his eyes like a waterfall as he read over the entry, his heart clenching as he read over every word to the next. Dear Diary Today early morning has been rough and now I have to do an engine room inspection, besides that, everything has been great, I can't wait to go home, I miss Percy so much and I miss Hylla so much too. In just two days I am going home and I am so excited. I love it on the ship, it is amazing, but I want to be back home. I wish I was back home with him, I love Percy so much and you know something, my boyfriend isn't as covert as he thought he was with hiding that ring he has hidden in his dressing table drawer. I only just figured out what it is for and of course I would have said yes if he asked me to marry him, which is if he asked me before I left for the ship. I want to marry Percy; I want to spend my life with him, ever since we first met. I miss my Percy so much; I can't wait to see him in two days. May be if we plan quick enough, Percy and I might get married before Hylla, I can just see the look on her face, I will have finally succeeded in showing up my sister. Ha ha ha ha. Well off I go to work. I love you diary, I love you Hylla, I love you Mom and dad and most important of all, I love you Percy so much… Percy was bawling his eyes out, unwanted sobs escaped his throat but somehow managed to calm himself down. He smiled as he closed the diary, and placed it back in the box, well he actually dropped it because he couldn't stand to look at it anymore. His gaze was directed at the waste basket where he threw Anna's number in and he dashed to the bin and emptied it, finding the crumpled up phone number he was looking for. He pulled out his phone and dialled the number, 0779567332 (Made-up Number); and put the phone to his ear and after two rings, a feminine voice answered. "Hello, whom I am speaking too." The voice spoke cheerfully causing Percy to smile brightly, as he thought of what to say. No fear entered his mind that is until he wanted to speak. "Hey Anna… um, it's Percy, Percy Jackson…we met at the, um, the Olympus Cafe. I was your barista today." Percy said nervously, as he calmed himself, the difficulty of doing this was extremely hard and emotionally painful for him, this would be the first time he had asked anyone out since Reyna died one year ago. "Oh, hey. I didn't expect for you to call me so soon." She said in a shocked tone, as if she wasn't even expecting him to call her at all. "So, might I ask why you have called me so suddenly?" She inquired, Percy's nerves starting to get the better of him. "well, I was… sort of, may be wondering… if may be, I don't know..." Percy stuttered and then closed his eyes and breathed in, "I wanted to know if you might want to meet with me for coffee tomorrow. I don't have any work or classes tomorrow so I thought you might want to meet up... like you suggested." Percy said confidently this time, sure that he wanted to do this, to start dating again. He anxiously waited for her answer. "Of course, I would love to go to coffee with you. How about we meet at the park, may be you could get us some coffee, you know what I like." Percy smiled and nodded, happy that this was happening. "That sounds good. Say at about nine tomorrow we could meet at Central Park, north entrance." Percy cleverly suggested, genuinely excited about this now, having accomplished a huge step in the way forward. "That sounds perfect. So see you tomorrow Percy. I can't wait." She said excitedly, and Percy grinned like a toddler with a lollipop and almost jumped up excitedly. "I will see you tomorrow Anna." Percy said calmly as the phone call ended and he sighed in relief, happy and content that he was on the right track, he was going to give this a try, he wanted to give it a try and now after reading what Reyna wrote, he was ready to try and move on. As he tucked the diary back in, he pulled out the top picture frame, smiling happily. It was taken the day before Reyna left for the ship, they went to the beach and she took a selfie of them and Percy couldn't help but print out the picture and frame it. He knew at that moment, that he would be ok, he would truly be ok. Hey my Fictioneers, hope you liked my first chapter, it is a part one, part two because it was tooooo long to be a chapter on its own. I hope you liked this first part, the second will be posted soon, give a huge round of applause to my fabulous beta Akakuro4869 and give a big round of applause to Captainravenworld for all the wonderful advice you gave me, and thanks to Akakuro4896 for helping me get this in tip top shape. Also, I want to know what you think, let me know everything, I want to hear from you all. Got to run, so see you with the next post, bye bye. Michaela…