It was not your fault that the civil war started or that your mom died or that Percy and Annabeth fell to Tartarus. That was Gaea. And you built Festus and the Argo II. You are definitely not useless. Me, on the other hand..." he said trailing off. "That's not true Nico! You brought the Athena Parthenos back to Camp Half-Blood. You were a huge factor at reuniting Greeks and Romans. You did so many things for us!" he cried. Nico looked at him and, to his shock, some tears were in his eyes. "Really, Leo? My sister left me for the Hunters because she didn't want to have to do anything with me. All of you avoided me and were scared of me. I went through Tartarus and came back only to see the guy I liked falling back into the same fucking pit with his girlfriend and then I even had to confess my damn sexuality to this stupid god Cupid" he spat. Leo was shocked when he heard this. He never knew how Nico felt or what he gone through. And he didn't know that he was gay. But now as he thought about it, he did spent a lot time with Will Solace. "Nico... that wasn't your fault either. It was our fault. We should...we should have been there for you when you needed us" he said with tears in his eyes. He felt like the biggest shit on earth. "I only hurt people" Nico muttered. At that Leo's heart broke a little. Leo thought that he was the only one who thought like that, but now Nico was breaking down right then and there. He pulled the younger boy in a hug. "You... you are not. You do not do bad things. Bad things happen to you" he whispered to him. And as he spoke that he realized how those words could also apply to him. For years he thought everything was his fault, but now he was slowly convincing himself that it is not so. With the help of Nico, of course. "If that is not my fault, then all the things you said are not your fault either" Nico said with a small smile. Leo blinked at him and saw that Nico was giving him a warm smile. "But..." he said although he knew that Nico was right. He had no answer to that. Nico chuckled. "Like I said, we are more similar than it seems" he said almost sadly. Leo nodded. "Thanks... for everything" he replied with tears in his eyes. "It's okay" Nico assured, but he also sounded like he was in the verge of tears. For a moment they just stayed like that. It felt good to let out all of it. Tears were streaming down of both faces and their shirts were getting wet. "I probably should go" Nico said when he broke up the hug. "Will is probably wondering where I am. Leo... don't forget that you are not alone" he said. Leo smiled at him. "You too" he said smiling, then he grinned for the first day today. "So, is he your boyfriend?" he asked smirking a bit. Nico blushed a bit. "No! Why does everyone think that?" Leo laughed at that. Nico may be a mystery to him most of the time, but when it came to love the poor guy was way too obvious. "Alright, lover boy, whatever you say" he said. Nico huffed. "As if you aren't like a lovesick puppy when you see Calypso" he said smirking at that. Now it was Leo's turn to blush. "This is different!" he cried his face turning into a crimson shade. Nico laughed. "Whatever you say. Well, I have to go! See you!" he cried running off. "Wait, Nico!" Leo cried. He saw the son of Hades turn around and look at him expectantly. If somebody had told Leo a few months ago that he would do what he'd just done a few seconds now, he would have laughed and thought that they were kidding him, but now, as he stood in front of Nico, he didn't feel fear or angst anymore. He felt comfortable. "Is... is it okay, if we hang out this weekend?" he asked almost a bit shyly. Nico looked at him a bit shocked. For a few seconds he looked at Leo immutably and Leo feared that Nico might collapse in a few seconds. But then the corner of his mouth turned up into a warm smile, something that Leo had never really seen from the son of Hades. And Leo couldn't help but smile back. "You have a PS4, right?" Nico asked. Leo looked surprised, but nodded. He didn't expect that question. "Alright, then you are going down whatever game we play?" Nico said grinning, the first one Leo ever saw from him. It felt good seeing Nico finally coming out of his reservation. Leo grinned back. "Oh, you are going down!" he cried, laughing. Nico laughed too and then ran away waving at him. Leo waved back, smiling. He and Nico may have not started off well, but in the end it appeared that they had much more similarities than he would have thought. Today he'd learned that Nico di Angelo had a whole different side. Today was the start of a new beautiful friendship. And Leo couldn't be gladder about it. How did that go? Did you like this so far? Oh, I almost forgot -I literally had to come back after saving the update-, here you have the translations! *1-Perro bravo: fierce dog, as almost all of the list, Spanish. *2-Má: short for "mamá", mother in Spanish. *3-Idiotas: idiots. *4-Mijo: Rick already said it, my son. *5-Te extraño: I miss you. *6-Mamá: mother. *7-Gracias: thank you. *8-Non c'è di che cosa: Italian, you're welcome. *9-Mio figlio: Italian for "my son". This is just the first chapter, I will publish an epilogue in a bit! Feel free to comment!