The uncomfortable air came back. Though they were married, they had no kids together, and though some of the kids of either of them had certainly gotten married with someone else, they hadn't witness the wedding of one of their children in company of the other god. This time it wasn't the case either, because it wasn't a child of both of them the one that was getting married, but they felt somehow similar. A child of both cabins was celebrating a wedding, after all, and even if it wasn't the same child the one they were parents to, there was a child from the two of them, and both gods felt proud of what their kids had achieved, because even if they wouldn't admit it, the one that both Silena and Charles had chose, wasn't a bad mate, if only they could ignore their divine parents. "I'll go talk with them." Hephaestus said, while he stepped forward, walking to meet with the happy couple, that talked between each other now, because Chris and Clarisse were now gone. Aphrodite saw how her husband approached the couple as they stopped talking. When the god stepped into their visual camp the two demigods turned to look at him. "Father" Charles greeted, his voice holding an instance of emotion that wasn't negative. It was then that Silena turned, smiling. For a moment, Hephaestus scrutinized the girl's face, trying to find a hint of sarcasm or taunt, but there wasn't, her smile was as sincere as it could be; she didn't even flinch when their eyes met, and unlike any of the other heroes he had met, she didn't send any 'discreet' glances to his multiple scars. He was liking this girl more and more. "Nice to meet you, Hephaestus." She said, with a voice all-honey that was somehow similar to Aphrodite's, but that had a character of her own. He simply nodded. "I just wanted to tell you that you have my blessing." He stated, blankly, emotionless. The couple smiled and nodded to each other. "We both thank you, Hephaestus." Silena said, making her smile bigger. "If you can, it would be nice that you stayed." Charles offered, not pointing directly to the 'I have work to do' part, but for the three of them it was pretty obvious that he was referring to it. "No" the god answered. "I can't stay. But I wanted to tell you this, now that I have, I may leave." He concluded. He actually so how the eyes of the girl lost a part of their light. "Well" she finally said "anyways, you know how to find us, our house is your home also." She said, her voice filled with joy. Well, that certainly was something that none of the other girl's his sons had married had said to him before. So far, she was already his favorite daughter-in-law. How ironic everything was, he thought bitterly, that the one girl he thought he would have hated was the one he liked the most. "I probably will, Silena" he replied and nodded as a farewell, before disappearing into a cloud of smoke, heading back to his forges. Shortly after Hephaestus had disappeared, Aphrodite joined the couple, her perfect body giving the image of not walking, but gracefully sliding over the ground instead. "My, my" the goddess said "I have to say this is one of the most elegant weddings I've ever assisted." "Mother!" Silena said, too surprised to see the goddess there. "Well, I couldn't afford to not see you in your great day just for Hephaestus now, could I?" she said, her voice not hiding scornful traces for once. "Sorry about that" she offered, turning to her now-son-in-law "Charles, right?" she asked, smiling beautifully. He simply nodded. She extended her right hand for him and he shook it, a little sternly. "Are you staying?" Silena asked hopefully. "Oh, no, sweetheart. I can't" Aphrodite said, a slight wrinkle appearing in her brow. "Wish I could, dear, but Hera is expecting me for dinner, and you know her character." She explained, rolling her beautiful blue eyes. "But I'll have to visit soon, okay? If you're not bothered" she offered, turning to her husband's son. "It'll be our pleasure to receive you in our house" he said, smiling at the goddess. She nodded, while she scanned him with critic eyes "Take care of my girl, understand?" she threatened. Still, Charles nodded. "Take that for granted, Aphrodite." Once that was settled, the joyful image of the goddess' features was back, the stern look completely lost. Charles realized how similar Silena was to Aphrodite when she did that. "Well, as far as I hate it" Aphrodite said "I have to go." She leaned down to hug Silena and kissed her in her right cheek, and then she turned to Charles, offering him her right hand again which he took delicately. He really wasn't a bad boy after all, Aphrodite thought as she snapped her fingers and disappeared, heading back to the Olympus. At least he was strong enough to protect her girl. And he knew how to treat a lady. Once both their parents were gone, they both turned to look at each other and smiled, bursting into laughter soon after. That was what they'd been looking for since the very beginning. A real union, not a faked one. At least the knowledge of their parents approving of the one that their hearts had chosen. They would have been together anyways, because after all, either Hephaestus or Aphrodite could get into their relationship, but the approval of their parents was something both Charles and Silena looked forward to, and they wanted to be able to organize family parties without fearing a stupid outburst from one of the gods. What they'd wanted was for their parents to leave hate and pride behind for the sake of their happiness. A real union between both families. And in the end, that was what they'd gotten.