tattoo her symbol on him. He was starting to wonder if he made a mistake. "Chui, I don't understand why you're getting worked up. You're a natural born leader who can keep order without being a bully. Surely being the Head of the Acolytes, really just a Head Councilor, shouldn't bother you." Chui's hands were shaking as he babbled. "Being a class president sounds easier than being put in charge of a small group of new kids who have to deal with demigods," he stated. He shivered at the thought of standing up to bigger, more powerful kids, who wanted to beat him up for no reason. Hestia's Essences had been clear about his duties. To keep things in order while protecting the home fire. His cabin mates would be depending on him for guidance. He really didn't know the first thing about being an Acolyte, let alone how to protect a sacred fire. He always dreamed of being a leader for his class, at least he would be on equal footing. Now he wasn't so sure. The Essences gave the boy an unexpected hug filling him with warmth and calmness. "You are not the only one starting on this new path. At least eleven other people will be trying to find their place. Throughout the year new campers will come. They'll be nervous, unsure, and afraid. You can help them not to be." Turning the sixteen year old around to face her, she gave him a calm look. "Give yourself some time and be patient. You'll find your place at the camp. Don't worry about being better than anyone. Show them that you are part of their family." "Okay, I just have to remember that. I've got time to prepare myself." Taking a few more deep breathes, he calmed down and told the Essences he wouldn't disappoint her. He would become the leader she saw inside him. About a week and half later brother and sister Maui and Leilani were finishing packing their bags. The Essences of Womanhood and Architecture, had told them they be leaving early to give them time to orientate themselves, at the camp and get used to being around demigods and all the nature creatures that lived there, before most campers left for the start of the school term in September. "I can't wait I can't wait! This is going to be so cool! Can you believe out of the millions of kids in the world, we were chosen for this?" Maui asked his sister as he jumped off the bottom bunk of their shared bed. "I'm going to get my own bed!" That's what excited the kid the most. Not meeting two real life goddess, but getting his own personal bed. "You'll still be sharing a room with other people little brother. Try to not keep them up while you spend half the night with your models," Leilani, teased her brother gently. It was going to be strange, not sharing a bedroom with her brother. They had shared the bedroom for what felt like forever. For the first time in her teen life she'd be sleeping with others her own age. She hoped her bunk mates would be kind and that her brother would make friends with his. The two siblings looked a lot a like being descended from Native Hawaiians. Both had slightly dark brown hair worn in traditional Hawaiian style. Leilani's hair's was slightly curled and fell over the left shoulder in long style ponytail while Maui's hair was held back in a low bun. Her big brown eyes were more oval shaped then Maui's almond ones. Maui had a birthmark on his back and she had one on her stomach. Placing her new jacket into her suitcase she zipped it up. "All done, come on Maui, we don't want to miss our ten hour and twenty minute flight!" She didn't turn around as she took her suitcase down the hall and towards the entrance where her parents waited anxiously. They looked so sad. "Mom, Dad, don't look so sad. We're not going away forever." Maui bounced up and down the hall with his suitcase. "Yeah, remember what Ms. Arch and Mrs. Wohood told you. This is a trial year. If we don't like it we don't have to come back next year." "We know that Maui, it's just hard for us. You won't be around to help at the plantation this year, helping us harvest papaya," his mom told him as she gave him a big hug. Tears leaked out of her eyes. Leilani looked over at her father. He pulled her to his side and whispered. "Keep an eye on your brother. You know how his curiosity can get the best of him. Especially with all the time spent outdoors. He could run away and no one will find him for hours." "I promise that I'll make sure he's safe. Besides, if he does get in trouble, it's my duty as is big sister to get him out of it." "That's my Heavenly Flower," he told her as he kissed her on the forehead. Leilani rolled her eyes. Her father had two nicknames for her. Heavenly flower and royal child, that's what her name meant. Her brother's nickname was navigator or little legend, because of the legends about the Hawaiian God Maui. All too soon, the family was at the Kahului Airport saying their goodbyes. After much hugging and promising to stay in touch often, the siblings boarded the plane. "Aloha Wailuku and Aloha New York!" Maui cheered. Sighing Leilani put on her headphones to listen to her music during the long flight. In Olympus Hestia was smiling happily while Hera was glowing with pride. Zeus hadn't even noticed their Champions/Acolytes. Soon they would arrive at Camp Half-Blood and stir things up. Both Goddess hoped the best for the mortals they had chosen for they sensed they soon would be tested. This was going to be an interest year indeed.