feelings for his son. Yes, Percy was a hero and if anyone could escape Tartarus, it would be him. Hephaestus didn't know what to think. He didn't actually know the half-blood all that well except for when Percy and Annabeth were in the Labyrinth and Hephaestus set them a quest at Mt. St. Helens to see about his forge. So he didn't have much of an opinion, but he knew that many of his siblings liked him and thought he was okay, plus when he set the quest the Athena girl accepted right away where the Poseidon boy was wary, which is always good. Not many know, but Hestia had given Percy permission to call her Aunt Hestia. She believed that despite the gods not having DNA, Percy still believed that we were all a family, which she believed in as well. Percy was a unique hero, not one to boast about the things he had done, loyal to his friends (to the point that he turned down immortality for them), and kind. He might run his mouth sometimes, but usually it's for a good cause and for something that he feels passionately about, which she can respect. Yes, her nephew was a family member she respected and she hoped that when he got out (she knew he would, he had done great things after all) he wouldn't have changed too much. Hera did not like half-bloods and everyone knew that. These…people did not belong in their family, they were meant to serve the gods and that's it. Percy Jackson was trying to change that and it made her furious, sure she could see why the other half-bloods joined Kronos' side, because they didn't get respect but still they weren't family. Percy and Annabeth were at the lead of this. Ugh, Annabeth. Her least favorite half-blood, she thought that sending all those cows after her would discourage her but apparently it hadn't. When Zeus had first met his nephew he didn't know what to think of him. He was a small little thing that didn't look like he would do great things, but then he looked into the child's eyes and saw that they were exactly like his brother's eyes and yet so different. The child also wasn't afraid to run his tongue, unlike any other half-blood, it was then that he knew that he was going to have trouble with this half-blood. As time wore on his started to respect the half-blood, especially for saving his daughter and persuading his other daughter, Thalia, that he did care for her at Hoover Dam and when that lightning hit their car. When the boy declined immortality he was shocked and a bit mad, how dare this child decline a gift given by the gods and then ask for something else in return! His arguments made sense but he still didn't like it. Now his nephew was in Tartarus and while he didn't like it, secretly he knew that it had to happen. Why? Someone had to close the door on the Tartarus side of the Doors of Death and everyone knew that Percy wouldn't let Annabeth say behind… If anything Athena was expecting Perseus to be the one behind them landing in the darkest parts of the Underworld, not her daughter. She knew that if her daughter fell by herself that she would be defenseless as her knife fell when she was fighting Arachne. Athena also knew that this was partially her fault and that Poseidon blamed her. Her smartest daughter was in Tartarus, sure the two of them were a great team she had to admit, but she would never say out loud! Percy was powerful and Annabeth was the strategist, they could do it. Poseidon was distressed, his favorite son was in Tartarus. He knew that a heroes life wasn't pretty, it wasn't easy, but he thought that the Fates would give him a break after the Titan war or at least make this war easier, but apparently naming his son after nearly the only hero with a happy ending didn't matter. He thought their relationship, he knew that like other gods and their half-blood children they didn't have an ideal relationship, but he knew that it was better than most. Percy was like him in many ways and different as well. At their first meeting he had told his son that the son didn't like to be contained or something of the sort and Poseidon could definitely see that his son held that ideology and he was also exceedingly loyal; their families fatal flaw and a dangerous one at that. The next time that Poseidon saw him was when he was 14 at the Winter Solstice and he knew that his son had snuck out to help with the quest to save Artemis and his friend, Annabeth. Poseidon vouched on his honor for his son and Poseidon thinks that's when their relationship changed, Percy most likely thought that Poseidon was like all gods and didn't really care what he did, but now Percy at least knew that her at least cared. When Percy declined immortality for the sake of his fellow half-bloods, he was disappointed because his favorite son wouldn't be there forever, but also proud because he was trying to make a difference in the world. When Hera removed his memory Poseidon nearly sunk many coast side towns. He was so upset. What gave her the right to kidnap his son!? It all turn out okay in the end, Percy gained the respect of the Romans and even became praetor, he rubbed that in Zeus' face so hard. But now he and his girlfriend were falling into Tartarus and the only half-blood known to survive that was Nico, but he had been with Giants and near the entrance of the Doors of Death. He knew though of anyone could do it, it was his son. His son had shown him again and again that anything was possible.