she meant or if one even exsisted, drove me so insane that I actually had to look up information about it cause I didn't believe there was such a flower but I found it, and believe it or not, it only can grow in turkey so I had to come up with something so I painted a white rose black so that you could understand what it meant which isn't death but the good bye you said to me whenever I was with Luke and that is why this rose is the 7 th . It was a good bye that should never have happened. When you said we would always be best friends, that's why I picked the yellow rose as my 8 th rose because it has always represented the second chance you gave me, it was the promise of the new beginning of our friendship, a welcome back to the real me whom you always remembered. The something changed. That's why I have put the second yellow rose with the red tip as my 9 th , it's because after that, I realized that I had started falling in love with you, after all these years of knowing you, you were able to cast a line and unintentionally hook my heart into your grip and I realized pretty quickly how fast it had happened, but I realized something more and that is what the next rose means. The 10 th rose consists of your favorite color. Blue. It means the unattainable and to me, when I realized I was falling in love with you Percy, you were at the top of an cliff that I would never be able to climb in order to reach you. That's the sad reality I was hit with but I knew I couldn't give up but when a little birdie told me a little secret, I knew there was hope after all. Don't be mad Percy but there are only ten roses in the vase. There are supposed to be eleven, wan to know where the 11 th and final rose is. Turn around and find out Seaweed Brain… Percy's eyes widened as he turned around and instantly his mouth dropped to the floor when he saw Annabeth standing in front of him, wearing a loose royal blue summer dress, something which she never liked wearing with a pair of blue flats, her hair in a neat ponytail, but she wore no make-up, which Percy was grateful for because to him, she looked beautifully flawless without it. His eyes landed on the rose in her hands. It was one he had never seen before. It was a peach rose that had deep rich red tips. "My brain couldn't help me pick the correct colour to use for the eleventh rose so the thinker and experimental side of me joined forces and created my final rose. The red of the rose represents the strong love I have for you Percy, something that I never thought I would ever experience but here I stand, as nothing more than a girl asking a boy to love her too." Annabeth whispered, her grey eyes twinkling with a bright light Percy had only recently seen in her eyes. "But what does the peach part of the rose mean Annabeth?" Percy asked, his cheeks were a bright pink as Annabeth stepped forward, and continued in her stride until she stood directly in front of Percy. "You really are a Seaweed Brain." Annabeth giggled as she rolled her eyes at Percy, reaching over his shoulder and inserting the unique rose into the vase before resting her hands around Percy's neck, standing on her tippy toes she was at eye level with him. "It means that I want to be with you. I want to get together with you so Perseus Jackson, will you do me the honor of going out on a date with me and being my Valentine." Her cheeks were brighter than his as his hands snaked their way around her waist, pulling her flush against her. He stared deeply into her eyes, sea green into stormy grey, their lips barely a centimeter apart as a blinding smile broke out on his face and he did the most cliché thing in the world. He kissed her. The gentle, loving caress of his own against Annabeth's left her brain turning to jelly and her body melting like a stick of butter on a stack of flapjacks. She felt the kiss in each and every one of her nerve endings as he kissed her. He couldn't believe that he was finally able to do this, after so long, feeling heartbroken and not himself anymore, the big hole in his world was finally repaired. His lips left her when he needed again and he stared into her eyes once more, his green orbs filled with so much mirth and love it had the butterflies in her stomach belting out rock ballads in Percy's honour, the feelings she was feeling were so intense and she loved it. "Yes." The single world that brought them into a whole new journey. "I love you so much Annabeth." Percy whispered as his hands climbed up and cupped Annabeth's face in his hands, the smile he had on his face would forever be permanently cemented onto his face never dulling. "I love you too Percy. I love you too." Annabeth grinned as she leaned forward and kissed him, unable to stop smiling as she laughed musically when Percy lifted her up and spun her round, the two both seeming to finally have their perfect happily ever after. Hope you guys enjoyed that. This is dedicated to all those who have fallen in love with their best friends. N.B, the letter Annabeth wrote to Percy, talking about all of the roses, that is information I looked up online so it is all true. Hope you enjoyed, so don't forget to review guys. Bye for now.