gaze, inquisitive, calculating, before continuing. "You can and you should have those things even when you're single―you can find affect and support among your friends and family, and trust me, I know that a demigod's definition of 'family' varies, but… there's a saying that goes like this: «Friends are the family that we choose for ourselves»." "I don't do friends," Reyna stuttered, her lips trembling minutely. "Funny, I would have said the same thing before arriving to the camp," Piper smiled, taking Reyna's right hand in hers. "Now I know better." Slowly, with slumped shoulders and tired features, Reyna closed her eyes, and heavy tears began to moisture her cheeks. With a worried grimace, Piper reached forward to circle the praetor's shoulders, bringing the Roman closer to her chest. Surprisingly, the daughter of Bellona didn't try to jerk away from her. They didn't say anything for a long while. Piper especially decided that Reyna didn't need to hear what she'd certainly think to be an empty reassurance. No, what Reyna needed was to feel the sincerity of her previous words, to realize that, while a lot of things could still go wrong, for that moment, Piper was next to her, that she wouldn't leave her, that she could trust her. With that in mind, Piper settled for allowing the Roman to cry into her shoulder, gently playing with Reyna's long hair, feeling honored that the fearsome praetor of New Rome was letting her to be next to her during one of those rare moments of weakness she permitted herself to have. It wasn't until, perhaps, fifteen minutes later, that Reyna pulled way, eyes swollen and reddened despite the prideful expression on her features. "Why are you doing this?" she inquired, her voice hoarse. "Doing what?" "This," she gestured towards the small space between them. "Treat me as if we were more than simple acquaintances, why are you being so… friendly with me?" "Reyna, you see, once upon a time I thought that I didn't need anyone to be strong, but I've learned that I do―we all do. We need someone to talk to, someone who we know will be there for us no matter what, someone to hold us when we've had a hard day, someone to tell us it'll be alright," she started with a smile. "You might not believe me, Reyna, but I do think of you as a friend, and it's not because you are the praetor of New Rome or because you are a formidable strategist―I like you because you are you. Simple as that." "Why would you do that?" "Well, because I―" However, Piper's reply was cut off by the sudden sound of a seashell. Instead of repeating herself, the daughter of Aphrodite rose to her feet. "Time for supper," she announced. "Would you like to sit at the Aphrodite table?" she added after a few seconds. "Isn't that against the rules?" Reyna inquired, standing up herself. "Perhaps, but it won't be that scandalous. Nico has been sitting at the Apollo table ever since the war ended," she brushed off. "Actually… it's kind of late for you to go back to New Rome right now, so why… why don't you stay the night?" she uttered in a second thought. "We have spare beds at the Aphrodite cabin and, since there's no Bellona cabin… no one will judge you if you stay with us." "Are you trying to bribe me?" the praetor raised an eyebrow. "I might be. Is it working?" Reyna couldn't help it, staring back at Piper's mischievous orbs she laughed―loud and clear and unashamed. "Surprisingly, it is," she replied, stopping to fake she was thinking her answer over before speaking again. "I'll stay, but only for tonight. First thing in the morning I'll go back to New Rome, princess." "Fair enough," Piper nodded, deciding not to comment on the nickname, especially because Reyna's voice had softened to the point were the words didn't sound denigrating anymore, but rather… as a fond pet name. "Though, you should keep in mind that you're always welcomed here, both in the camp and in my cabin, in case, you know, that you need someone to talk to." Just like that, the festive atmosphere they had tried to create vanished, a heavy air to be breath the only thing left behind. Reyna didn't answer immediately, as she took that moment to stare back at Piper. The Greek girl, knowing how important this was for Reyna did not break the eye-contact, no matter how intimidating the praetor's gaze became. "I will," Reyna vowed at last. "You better should or I'll go straight to New Rome to remind you of it." "I'll be careful to do it, then." Piper smiled. "Well, now that we have this settled, let's go grab something to eat," and with that she offered the Roman praetor her right hand, as if Reyna needed to be escorted, as if she weren't used to going everywhere on her own and required a guide to take her to the dining pavilion. Reyna took it nonetheless. If it was even possible, Piper's smile enlarged. Who knew, Reyna thought absentmindedly as they walked away from the lake. Perhaps the daughter of Aphrodite hadn't been wrong when she'd said that, sometimes, all one could ask for was someone to talk to. Alright, I want to start by admiting that out of Piper's speculations, only some of them are mine. See, when I first read the prophecy I thought that the love of Reyn'as life would turn out to be a mortal. Then I read stories about her having something to do with a god or withRachel or Thalia and things just started to write themselves. Also, I insist that Reyna didn't know Percy enough to actually like him . Jason maybe, but Percy? I just... I get emotional about her, okay? So here it. I really hope you enjoyed it and if you did, please make sure to leave a comment!