I thought it was really beautiful, you know? The coral, I mean, not the fish stuck. And I thought, maybe…" "Yes?" Annabeth said, beginning to smile. I could tell she knew exactly what I had done, and apparently she liked it. That gave me the confidence to keep going. "That maybe you would wear one for me," I opened my palm and presented the pendant to her. "Along with your camp beads and your father's ring." Despite the fact that Annabeth had seemed to know exactly what I had been up to – as usual –, she was no less surprised and moved by the red piece of coral. She covered her mouth with her hands, muffing her Oh, Percy , and stared between the present and my face for a couple of moments before taking it from me to analyze it more closely. "It's so beautiful," she gasped. "From my father's palace." Annabeth's eyes met mine again, and she threw her arms around my neck to kiss me. My hands flew to her waist to try to steady myself and not fall, which probably only worked because I was in the ocean. Her hair tickled my nose and cheeks from the wind, and it brought that lemon soap smell to my nostrils. I hugged her closer to me and tilted my head slightly, deepening the kiss. She had liked it. I could fight off an army of monsters without complaining right now. When Annabeth pulled away, she immediately untied her camp necklace and took off a couple of beads. She then put the coral through it and put the beads back, so both her father's ring and my coral were in center. When she moved to tie it back around her neck, I stopped her hands and did it for her. I could swear her eyes were a bit wet, and I mentally patted myself in the back for managing to impress her. "Thank you," Annabeth muttered before kissing me again. She kept one hand on my hair and the other holding her necklace. I closed my palm over hers, holding it as she held the coral, and wrapped my other arm around her middle. At one point, though, I had to move that arm to keep her hair from flying in my face. "I'm eating your hair," I complained, fighting against her locks one-handed, not wanting to release the hand around her necklace. Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Gods, how did I find myself such a romantic guy?" "Hey! I brought you a coral pendant!" She only winked at me as she tied her hair up with an elastic band that had been on her wrist. When she was done, she made a big show of brushing all loose strands from her face and putting them behind her ear. I crossed my arms. "I don't know why you complain about me being annoying. Did you ever have to live with yourself?" Annabeth laughed, that kind of throw-your-head-back-and-clutch-your-stomach laugh, and I softened. Her eyes were sparkling, reflecting the blue of the sea, and her smile was still the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. I knew I was probably staring with a stupid grin on my face, because Annabeth snapped her fingers in front of my nose. "Earth to Percy?" I simply pulled her close until our chests touched. Her forearms came to rest on my shoulders. If I had the guts, I would probably tell her that I just liked to watch her, especially when she was happy and carefree, wind blowing in her face and waves lapping around her bare legs. But the intensity of her eyes caught my breath. The little puffs of air coming from her mouth and hitting mine send my heart into a crazy speed – I was scared it would jump out. My hands trembled on her waist, so I squeezed her to hide it. I took a deep breath and ran my palms gently up her ribcage, pulling her to a kiss. It was strange, not hiding what I felt. Letting my thoughts run free without the irrational fear of being caught thinking those things – like how the contour of her waist gave her body a gorgeous silhouette, like how her legs went on forever and how I could look at them when she wore shorts without being a total perv now, like how her scent drew me closer and made me want to bury my nose in her neck, and… I think you got the picture. I knew exactly what I was feeling. I knew the word for it. And I knew that I wouldn't mind feeling like this for her for the rest of my life, however long that might be. "I have archery now," Annabeth murmured against my lips. "I don't," I tried to resume the kissing. It worked for about three seconds. Annabeth giggled and placed a hand on my chest, gently keeping me from going after her mouth. "Seaweed Brain." "Yes?" My voice sounded soft even to my own ears. It felt like she was about to tell me something. Her eyes were intense on me again, not letting me divert my gaze even if I wanted to. She had a soft smile, and I probably had one too. Then she finally inhaled, ready to talk, but seemed to change what she was going to say at the last minute. "I'll see you in combat class, okay?" Annabeth brought my face close with the hand she still had in my hair and gave me a parting peck. She thanked me again for the pendant and started to make her way back to her sandals in the sand. I stood there watching her. She turned back to me a couple of times, and I probably still had that stupid look on my face, because she always giggled and turned away again. I felt my smile widening – maybe I didn't mind looking stupid for a good cause.