hotshot?" she asks. "Do you do anything besides work at Starbucks?" Nico feels as if his blood has turned to ice and he grabs for his water, noting the way his hands are shaking. Piper must too and takes pity on him. "Nico's pretty smart," she says slowly, glancing warily at him. "Good with numbers." "Oh yeah, he goes over all our tax returns and stuff," Jason adds. "And don't you-" "I mostly just work at Starbucks," Nico blurts out in a rush, cutting Jason off. He leans around Percy and stares Annabeth down at the other end of the couch. "What about your family?" Percy asks, leaning into Nico's field of vision again, making him recoil slightly. "What about them?" "Don't you work for them still?" "I don't know what you're talking about," Nico says. Percy's eyebrows knit together in confusion. "You are Nico di Angelo, aren't you?" he asks, and Nico feels as if all the air has been sucked out of the room. Across from him, Jason and Piper sit frozen, surprise etched into their faces. For a moment, only the sound of breathing fills the room until Annabeth speaks. "di Angelo?" she asks, her own eyebrows turning in. "As in, the di Angelos of Angel Corp Mining?" "I don't want to talk about it," Nico replies sharply. He stands, abruptly enough that he surprises Jason into spilling his coffee across the table. "Jason!" Piper exclaims, jumping to her feet and rushing to get towels from the kitchen. In all the commotion, Nico finds it easy to blend into the hustle and bustle and slip out the door. xx Percy catches up to Nico at the Staten Island ferry terminal. Nico's never been on the ferry but he comes and sits in the terminal and watches the boats on the river. Piper must have told Percy where he'd be. "Hey," Percy says, sitting down in the empty seat next to Nico. "Sorry about earlier." Nico shrugs. "Don't be," he says. "I was the one that was keeping the secret from you." Not that Nico was obliged to tell Percy or anything. They're not friends, after all. The corners of Percy's mouth turn down in a frown. "Annabeth figured it out," he says slowly. "She saw your name on the contract Piper had her sign and she did some research. She's smart, Annabeth. I guess she just didn't understand why you were slaving away in a Starbucks when you're set to inherit an entire mining company from your father." It takes Nico a moment to realize that he's balled his hands into fists. "I don't want the company," he says as calmly as he can. "My sister, Hazel, can have it." "Is it because of-?" "Yes." Nico can still remember the day, what he was doing and where he was going. He can remember his ringtone and how the sound of Bangkok's bustling streets had completely tuned out when he'd received the news. Everything about that day is etched into Nico's mind, even as the sound of Bianca's laughter fades from it. Unlike many other people Nico has discussed Bianca's death to, Percy does not try to tell him that he would be foolish to not take Angel Corp Mining from his father because of it. Instead, he loops an arm over Nico's shoulder and starts babbling about his step-brother Tyson, who's playing basketball for Oklahoma or something. Nico lets the sound of Percy's voice wash over him and imagines, just for a moment, that everything's alright. xx Percy starts spending a lot of time in their Little Apartment That Could, though no one is ever really sure who invites him all the time. He's just there, and no one complains, and so he stays. They get hilariously drunk one night on two bottles of wine between the five of them. Piper and Jason disappear pretty quickly, giggling into each other and grasping at each other's hands like they're lifelines. Annabeth rolls her eyes and quickly excuses herself to use the washroom, and when everyone is gone, Percy leans over and kisses Nico. It's nothing special, Nico decides. Percy's mouth is soft and wet and gives easily under the pressure of Nico's, but there's no tongue and it barely lasts for five seconds before Percy is pulling away again, a smile stretching wide across his face. "Okay?" he asks in what Nico suspects is supposed to be a whisper. "Okay," he replies, just as Annabeth comes back. xx The thing is, Percy doesn't stop. He kisses Nico in the apartment, when everyone scatters off to do their own thing. Or he kisses Nico when he meets him for lunch on Thursdays. And when New Year's Eve rolls around Percy kisses Nico at midnight, in front of all their friends. "Get a room, you too," Piper hollers at them, as if she didn't just have her tongue buried halfway down Jason's throat a moment ago. "Don't mind if we do," Percy says, fisting his hands in the front of Nico's shirt. He throws their friends a wink before turning back to Nico, grinning sunnily. "Shall we?" Percy asks. The thing is, Nico's never been one about being emotional and flaunting about the people he's got an interest in. But here's Percy, right in front of him, showing off for all their friends. It's new and exciting, and a feeling something like hope unfurls itself in Nico's belly. "Sure," Nico replies, allowing a small smile to creep onto his face. He untangles Percy's hands from his shirt and drags him towards the door, shoving shoes onto his feet and throwing a coat over his shoulders. The night air is frigid, a far cry from the sweltering heat that had ushered in the summer when Nico had first met Percy. They laugh as they stumble down the street towards the subway through crowds of people celebrating the new year, and Nico thinks that maybe, it really will be something worth celebrating.