moment, his dark-brown orbs hazed with confusion, hers blurred with tears. He was about to ask her what was wrong –apart from the fact that Annabeth and Percy had fallen into Tartarus– when she rushed herself forward, encircling his shoulders and burying her face into his hair, renewing her crying. "I thought I'd lost you" she murmured sorrowfully, her back trembling violently. He was almost taken aback by her actions, not having expected to ever see her crying with such grief. Or maybe it was more accurate to say that he didn't want to see her doing it. "What are you..?" he started, just to be cut off by her cracking voice. "I thought I'd lost you" Hazel repeated, crying even harder. "You were gone and then Gaea said that you... that you would die and I..." her voice trailed off, as even stronger sobs made her back tremble. He could feel her desperately trying to calm herself down, taking deep breaths and then holding them, in a useless attempt to stop her whimpering. She hugged him to her chest tightly, almost clinging to him, as if the mere fact of feeling him there, of simply touching him comforted her, which came out to be the truth for Hazel, but he had no way of knowing that. When she finally talked again, her voice didn't sound as cracked as before, but it was filled with the exact same amount of pain. "I couldn't afford losing you" she assured. "I can't afford losing you. You're my only family, you know?" she murmured quietly. "I can't lose you… Please." Nico was tempted to point out that he'd noticed how she stared to that Asian boy, Frank or whatever, and that he was pretty certain she was well-liked by the others, but he stopped himself just in time. "I thought... I thought I'd lost you..." she repeated, with a trembling voice. She continued to cry into his hair, taking deep breaths as if to calm herself down, but with few to no results. "Please" she whispered, her voice muffled by his hair. "Don't leave me. Just... please" she whispered. "I–I missed you." They felt silent after that, with Nico not knowing what to say or if his sister was even expecting an answer and Hazel trying to get a hold of herself. Nico hadn't even moved, letting her hold him while she murmured "I'm sorry's" to no end. A part of him simply wanted to ask her why would she cry like that, why would someone, anyone, be so... relieved of seeing him, but he felt so tired and so energy depraved that he could only rest his head on her shoulder, feeling her body shake every once in a while, not even managing the strength to tell her something. It took the girl probably more than fifteen minutes, but she finally managed to stop her tears, leaving only occasional hiccups behind. By then, Hazel thought that Nico had fallen asleep again, and she inwardly thanked the gods for that –that boy was really sleep depraved after all, and she really didn't want him to see her like that, so… weak-looking. At the very same time she was also scolding herself for having allowed such a breakdown in front of her brother. That was the one person who she had to make proud of her, and that boy had just survived Tartarus alone , whatever she was feeling must have been nothing compared to that. She took one last deep breath, as she slowly raised to her feet, carefully holding Nico's unconscious body up so she could jump out of the bed and then carefully placing his head over the pillow. When she was standing again, she sighed heavily, looking down at her brother once again, trying to find in his emaciated features any trace of the brave boy that had taken her out from the Asphodels. Her vision blurred again with tears, but she stubbornly blinked them away. "We'll make it through" she whispered into the darkness with a shaky voice, as if to convince herself too. "You'll get better. Everything will get better" she promised. "We're gonna be alright and we'll defeat Gaea. We will I-I promise" she said, her voice a bit too loud at first and then almost a whisper. She sighed once more, biting her lower lip. No, she decided, she was not lying just to make herself feel better in a moment of distress. What she'd just said was true. They were going to win this war, they were going to defeat Gaea–there was no other option. She took one last deep breath as she silently turned on her heels to leave to room, sending one final glance to her brother and allowing herself the ghost of a smile before closing the door behind her. Meanwhile, Nico faked he was asleep when he felt her hop out of the bed and then walk to the door. He also faked he hadn't heard her when she whispered "I love you" into the darkness before closing the door behind her lean figure, her voice filled with the fondness he didn't even dare hope someone would ever talk to him. With his sister's sweet voice still ringing in his ears he finally allowed himself to fall asleep again. So... how did this go? You'll see, when I was writing it down I thought like a million times about how shitty it was turning out to be, but when I read it again to check it I didn't think it was that bad anymore, so I finally published. A friend said it has a bit of OOC in Hazel's side, but the idea that first came into view when planning this was of Hazel crying while holding her brotehr, so I couldn't keep that away. Plaese, I really need you to tell me what do you think over this because I'm still wary of it! Love you all! Thanks for reading!