to realize that the offspring of that unfaithful relationship had been named after her. It was like making even more public the fact she had been stepped and cheated on. However, Zeus was not yet done, she realized one morning when she woke up to find Heracles sucking from her breast. Her anger had been so immense, so huge, that she found herself unable to even think clearly of what she was doing, which concluded in her acting instead―and all she could do was send the boy flying away from her, creating the Milky Way, which name she despised more than she despised Heracles himself. That was like yet another slap right across her face each time she turned and saw the stars. To have the knowledge of the boy's existence and accept it was one thing, but to have that bastard son of her husband being breastfed by her―that was the ultimate humiliation. Ever since then, all the pity she might have felt towards Heracles or his mother vanished and transformed into a deep, throbbing hate that would pass to history almost as much as Heracles' great deeds did. She knew she was being unfair to the demigod, Heracles hadn't decided to go place himself on her chest, but she either was too infuriated to care, or plainly didn't cared at all. Over the years, every single time Heracles fought a monster, Hera would watch the fight, craving to see him die a painful death. Every single time Hera saw her pseudo-namesake suffer, a macabre part of her could only feel delighted at the morbid scene under her eyes. When years later the pain of knowing he had killed his second wife and his own sons forced Heracles to a suicide attempt, Hera was beaming. Finally , she thought, Heracles knew what she had been suffering on a regular basis during all those years, losing her family and every single possibility of ever having one, even if her loss was not as literal. Unluckily for her, Zeus had other plans for his son, and he gifted Heracles with immortality just before the guy died, and not yet satisfied with it, Zeus forced the new god to marry Hebe, one of Hera's very own daughters. True to tell, Hera had always thought that Zeus had done that just to punish her and make her feel bad for all the unnecessary suffering and pain she had forced Heracles to endure. Even so, and even when she was now forced to see Heracles regularly on Mount Olympus and that her issues with him had given her the reputation of a bitter and heartless person, Hera could just not find it within her to feel regretful. –*–*– When several centuries later the Big Three swore over the Styx River to not conceive any more children, Hera felt calm and at ease for the first time ever since they had defeated Kronos and she had married Zeus, almost three millennia earlier. Over the past, modern years, Zeus had had a lot of children, maybe even hundreds of them, especially with mortals. Too much to grow bitter on, and way too much to even keep count. But finally it was over, she thought, smiling for the first time in a very, very long time. She should have known better than to believe such bullshit. –*–*– When Thalia Grace was born only a few decades after making the oath, Hera had been surprised and puzzled against everything that logic dictated. Of course, she thought. She should have seen that one thing coming. Of course. Of course a blonde second-class celebrity was enough to make Zeus forget the notion of everything that was sacred an important. Of course that only a pretty face was enough to seal the doom of them all just because the almighty Zeus felt like spending a night with an egocentric and self-centered beauty. –*–*– When scarcely five years later Jason Grace was born to the same eccentric actress, Hera found herself simply too tired to even feel mad at the child or at Zeus anymore. Instead of hating the boy that had arrived to the world she rather decided to use him in her plans and give him the renown no hero had had since Heracles' death. She was plainly too used to it to care anymore, she finally decided. She was too used to be cheated on to even feel hurt or angered anymore, and she was too furious to even be able to express herself in words. Most importantly, she was too prideful to hurt for the same thing after so many centuries and ions. She was too prideful to hurt, plainly and simply, she decided as she traced her heroe's destiny. Before reading Percy Jackson I first fell in love with Greek, Roman and pretty much every single mythology on the world, so what eventually briught me to Percy was my already existing love for myths, no the other way around, which means I already had an opinion on the gods formed before I even read the books, which ends up as weird, because sometimes I'm talking and say something like 'Well, Hades never once was unfaithful to Persephone, unless you want to talk about Percy Jackson because then...' Where I want to get with this babbling is that I hated Hera long before she appeared in the series. All of the myths that I talk about in this story are as real as a myth can be, so that means they have at least one or two different versions. For example, some people say it was Hephaestus the son Hera had on her own, or that Athena is only Zeus' daughter, or things like that. Please think me what do you think about this story, and actually, I'm also interested in learning what you think about the other goddesses, and this goddess in specific, hate her, like her, pity her? What do you think? Read you all soon!