around ten minutes that she finally dared to speak again. "It was Maria's idea, you know?" she informed in a low voice. "Hades thought it would be proper and safe for you to meet her, so he went to Elysium to talk to her. Of course she agreed, she had been waiting for this opportunity for decades, as had you, but she set a condition. She asked Hades to promise that he would allow her to reincarnate right after. You know that a soul choses that, and Hades had nothing to do with her decision, but Maria wanted him to know what her plans were. "Although Hades didn't want her to leave" Persephone continued. "He thought it would be terribly unfair for you, but she insisted. She said it was the right thing for you. After what happened with Bianca, Maria was worried, and with bases. She told your father that even if you could afford seeing her again, she knew she wouldn't be able to take the pain. If she saw you once, she'd want to encounter you again, and you would too, it's just natural" Persephone stopped, biting her lower lip in worry before continuing. On her side, Nico listened her with his whole attention, even when his eyes seemed absent. "Hades assured her it wouldn't matter, that she could ask to see you whenever she wanted, but she refused. She said it would be unfair for the others, and it is if you think about it closely and cold-bloodily. Your father is a king, Nico" the woman pointed out. "He had the responsibility to look after thousands of souls, and he is a righteous person. Maria was saying the truth and he knew it, so he agreed. It was never meant to hurt you, Nico" she assured gently. "All both Maria and Hades were trying to do was to protect you". The boy nodded, but it was a defeated gesture. Slowly, almost as if with fear, he leaned down to rest his head in Persephone's right shoulder. It was almost a funny sight, really, because he was now taller than her, and yet it never seemed so. "I miss her" he let out hollowly. "And it's stupid because I can't even remember her". Persephone grimaced slightly, her eyes reflecting the pain that she knew was in her stepson's dark orbs. "It's not stupid, you do remember her" she said, encircling Nico with both of her arms. "You know who she was, how wonderful she was, and you also know what she left behind when the Fates took her. That is what you miss" she whispered softly. Next to her, Nico inhaled deeply and sighed, the gesture so defeated, it hurt just to listen. "I miss her" he repeated, unable to think of anything else to say. "I know, Nico, I know" Persephone whispered back softly, feeling the first sob run down her stepson's back. The demigod hid his face in the crook of Persephone's neck, taking in the well-known comfort of her warm skin and cried. It was true that the gesture was seventy years overdue, but he cried. For the first time in seventy years he cried for the loss of a mother because, for the first time in seven decades he was aware of what he had lost. And so he cried, and he mourned Maria di Angelo, his mother, for the first time in seventy years, because for the first time in seventy years he knew what he was crying for, and he was aware of how tear-worthy had that woman been. And... how did that go? Crashed and burned so bad? Okay, so please let me know in the comments whatever you want to say and, completely out of the topic but I just had to write this somewhere in case I don't get through like I want to with my pendants list and can't pass by here soon, if you like this then you should totally check a story I've been writing in cooperation with a very good friend of mine, WGGondolor (and you should also go and check his stories), this other fic should already been here, but as I said before, we've been hella busy, so... we're working on that. Anywas, it has a similar theme to this one, and if you liked this (which I really hope), then I'm almost sure that you'll like that other one. It's called "Mothers Day" (or that's his draft name, we might as well change it at some point, anyways e.e). Whetevs, it's not out yet, so you'll probably have to wait for a month or so because... midterms, but I really hope that you pass by there. So... I don't even remember what I was rambling about. Gods, why am I such a disaster? Well, that's pretty much what I wanted to say, please let me know in your comments what you think and whethe ror not if you liked this and... yeah... good luck if you have exams coming too! Okay, I know I published this like two weeks ago, but I just noticed that I hadn't written the translations (careless me) so I dropped by only to correct this. The first asterisk goes for Fetuccini Alfredo. I suck at cooking, so don't ask me what it has, but it's a type of Italian pasta that includes a lot of cream. *2 Tesoro: translation for "darling", it's obviously Italian. *3 Principe: Italian for "prince". Lastly, Mamma, "mom" and yes, I know that it's said the same in English, but the reason why there is an asterick next to it and it's in Italics is because I meant it to be in Italian. Now, thank you for reading! Two weeks ago I had no idea that you guys would like this story so much. And, since I already had to correct my note, I just want you to know how thankful I am to all of you who have read and reviewed.