a Dirk cosplay. Nico hopped off of his Queen sized bed and they both walked over to the closest bathroom to wash their hands in warm water and Komodo Old Spice body wash. Then flicked the excess water onto one another to dry off their hands as they quick-stepped their way to the living room. YouTube was their first instinct when Nico had hooked up his Chromebook to the 72" flat screen television through the Xbox 360 HDMI cable. They were glad to have Leo as a close friend so they could test out his new inventions for being able to use technology, without having monsters find and kill them. Then he looked up Game Grumps: Super Mario 3D World Episode one and let it load. In the wait time, he went to the kitchen that was connected to the living room to grab them both Dr. Peppers. "It's loaded!" Percy had shouted. He shouted as if Nico wasn't in the same area as him. Then again, Percy was loud for everything. Or what he had guessed (wink wonk). Nicolas smiled and shook his head lightly as he walked over. Nico handed Percy one of his favorite sodas and pressed the space-bar to play the video. They sat on their respective couches, Perseus in the black leather loveseat a few feet in front of the television and Nicolas on the same black leather chair adjacent to the love-seat and T.V. The small black table behind the corner of the two chairs held their sodas as they laughed at Arin and Danny making quips at one another. Nico kept looking back at Percy's to gauge his reaction to each joke. Mostly he wanted to sink into his mind what Percy looked like when he was being carefree. He rarely saw a genuine carefree look from him anymore. Not since Tartarus. It was normally a mask at school where everyone in their camp would bombard him. Whether it was jokes or hugging or touching him in any way, he could see the wear down it had on him. Eventually Percy looked at him and asked Nico why he was looking at him and he just replied with, "No reason." and turned back to the T.V. Slightly thrown off, Percy also looked back at the T.V. They went through a number of episodes until they needed a break from Arin and Danny's banter about winning the crown. Nico unplugged his laptop and took it over to the armrest he used when watching Game Grumps. Afterwards, he took both their cans to the chrome trashcan and tossed them in. Nicolas looked over at the clock on the oven that showed him it was 4:32 PM. Three more hours and his sister Hazel, her boyfriend Frank, and obnoxious friend Leo would arrive at his cabin eat dinner. He pulled some strings when it came to building his cabin and didn't want to always go out to see the other campers. Being a child of Hades certainly did have its own perks. It was better now than never to start cooking dinner. Even if Percy was still there, most likely to mess something up. Thus he started to take out ingredients to make sausage and potatoes. "What are you making?" Percy questioned, looking at Nico glide across the small kitchen from cupboards to the refrigerator. "Making dinner for when Hazel, Leo, and Frank get here after traveling so far. I figure it's a nice gesture since they've worked hard today. Though, I feel like I've been taking care of them more than expected. Perseus just nodded and walked over to counter; where Nico had put down the Kielbasa and cutting board and knife. He stood over his shoulder and watched him open up the plastic package and cut the boomerang shaped meat in half at the curve. Perseus started to laugh when he looked at the shape the sausage was now in. "What's so funny, Perseus?" Nico scolded, expecting him to be laughing because of something he did wrong. He turned around only to face his chest. "It's shaped like a dick! You can't tell me that's not funny. Dick jokes are always funny!" Percy loudly answered while laughing. Again, Nico shook his head and smiled at his answer. Then he continued to press up against Nico's back, leaving him to wonder if he knew about the nonexistent space between them. Blush started to creep up his neck as he tried to focus on cutting each piece into perfect, round slices. Nico realized if he didn't move, his whole face would be as red as a baboon's butt. He quickly slipped from between him and the counter over to his laptop with the excuse that they needed music to play to end the silence. He walked quickly over to his laptop and started to take deep breaths to slow down his heartbeat and pick a song they both knew and liked. He was too focused on the laptop screen that he didn't hear nor see Percy quietly slip right beside him and look at the choice in music. He had picked Do I Wanna Know by Arctic Monkeys. A song he knew they both liked. Percy started to press more into his body and Nico turned so they were facing each other. So close and his heart was beating a million times per second. Fear pulsed through his entire being. And. Time. Just. Stopped. In that pause, he made the decision to let it all happen. Percy placed his left hand to support Nico's mid-back and right at the nape of his neck as Nicolas placed both his hands behind Perseus's neck. They pulled each other as close as two can be and turned their heads to the right to connect their mouths in one passionate kiss. If you want a part two of them doing the do, just please leave a comment or PM me for a request. I hope you all enjoyed it greatly.