softly as he slowly bent down, swiftly brushing his lips against Nico's again. But mere milliseconds later, the son of Hades was stepping back, jerking away from him, almost fidgeting nervously–wait, that was what he was doing. "Drop it, Solace" he said, trying to make his voice sound menacing, but only managing to pull out a shaky statement. "Nico, I–" Will started, but was cut off suddenly. "Don't" Nico said, while the few shadows that the bright sunlight allowed in the room thickened around his small body and then just disappeared. Unexpectedly left alone, Will sighed. Gods, he really was stupid wasn't he? He knew how unpredictable Nico was, but no, he had to go and do exactly what he knew would unsettle the boy. How clever he was. Well, he had expected him to be mad, to grunt a little, maybe even to snarl at him. What he hadn't expected was that shakiness in his voice, that tremor in his tone, that look of fear in his eyes. He sighed again, this time in a defeated manner. He should just . . . give him time, sure. Nico needed time, that could be so easily said by the panic look in his eyes . . . He did, too. Having said something like that so surprisingly. He hadn't planned to confess his feelings to the son of Hades right then and there it just . . . kind of happened. He denied, moving his head to the sides, disturbing his blonde locks in the process, but not very conscious of it. He materialized again in Cabin 13, stumbling violently due to his confusion, much like he had when he had just been learning to take control of his powers but managing to keep standing somehow. That was awkward. Awkward and strange and wrong. But then, why didn't it feel wrong. He shakily sat down on the black duvet from his bed, walking pass the empty beds absently. He had kissed Will Solace. Wait, that was not it. Will Solace had kissed him. And that thought was even more troubling, because it meant that the son of Apollo somehow, somewhat, sort of, probably had been serious with what he'd said. That thought was something he still was not ready to face yet. What if the son of Apollo was just playing a joke with him, with his feelings? Wait a second, what feelings? He did not, in any way or form harbor feelings for the leader of Cabin 7. Sure, he was thankful, he had saved his life a couple of times, but that was all. He surely was not attracted to the other half-blood. Well, he was in fact good-looking, with his tanned arms and his blonde hair, with his sparkly sky-blue eyes and his–wait, what in Hera's name was he thinking? No. He certainly was not feeling anything for Will Solace. His thoughts suddenly stopped while he took notice of how even his name sounded melodious, like if there was a rhyme hidden somewhere in his– «Stop it!» he awkwardly thought to himself, his hands turning into fists. He was not sure about how he felt with the demigod's declaration. He hadn't even stopped to think about what he felt towards the son of Apollo, let alone how he felt with the son of Apollo saying he liked him . Why him, in the name of Olympus? It had to be a joke, it had to be. Someone like Will Solace most certainly wouldn't look at someone like him with such eyes. Still, he was pretty sure that unless he was actually going crazy, those things had happened. Will wasn't the type to go around playing cruel pranks to others. He was very mature for his age, having had to deal with the responsibility of his injured comrades and the lives of those comrades. He wouldn't go around joking and playing with the feelings of others. He wouldn't do something like that. Well, unless he was very, very mistaken and had come to trust a very good liar. But . . . he was sure that his eyes had been honest, honest and open and trusting, like they always had been, a slight look of worry in the bottom of them. Will wasn't lying, Will wouldn't lie like that. And if the son of Apollo wasn't lying . . . That meant that his words had been honest. And his words had been ones about feelings. One in specific. His words had been about love. The thought made his heart skip a beat. No, he couldn't . . . He couldn't risk getting a crush on Will Solace . . . That was just dangerous and emotionally suicidal. It was risky to allow himself to fall head-first for someone who would never correspond his– Wait . . . he had just come across the realization that Will wasn't lying, and if Will wasn't lying that drove to a part in which Will meant that he liked him when the words had left his lips, and if that was so, there was no need to find anything risky because it was not. It had been dangerous rather for the son of Apollo to speak aloud his feelings, not for him, who was just there wondering if those feelings even existed and were to be returned to the son of Apollo. He shakily took an intake of breath. Will meant it. Will . . . liked him, nevertheless how weird and distant the thought was. Will liked him. He insecurely raised his left hand to brush his fingertips over slightly parted lips. Will meant it, he liked him . N.A. So... how did that go? This was supposed to be a one-shot, but now that I have it here... I had to split it in two. Expect the next chapter soon! And please do not forget to comment and review to tell me what do you think! Love you all!