shadowtravel and fool the harpies in charge" Nico mocked, returning Persephone's gesture. In all honesty, Hazel was so fascinated by Persephone's and Nico's interaction ―so casual, so natural, so beautiful―, that she didn't even notice when Hades himself stood up and neared her, not until the god reached out to touch her right shoulder, startling her. "Hazel, can we… can I tell you something before you leave?" he asked, in an insecure voice that the girl had no way of identifying with her father's. "Hm… Hm… Sure, fa-father" she stuttered, shrugging. She was not conscious that she had instantly turned to the floor, bowing her head in something that was between respect and fear. "I want to start by apologizing to you" Hades said, surprising Hazel once more to the point she raised her eyes in disbelief. "What?" she let out. "What you heard, girl" the god replied. "I wasn't able to recognize you until now because I feared that my brothers, especially Zeus, found out that you had… that you had come back to life" he explained. "I want to let you know that now you're freed of that burden. After the Giant War was over, I personally spoke to Zeus and as your role defeating Gaea was proven to be very important we will all turn a blind eye to this broken rule. You shall not live in fear anymore, my daughter". The words struck Hazel strongly, making her forget that she in fact was worried plainly about meeting with Hades, let alone talk back to him. "Excuse… excuse me?" she let put, but she wasn't really asking for Hades to repeat himself, but just for some time to process the information she had just received, and the god let her have that. "I'm… I'm glad that you continued drawing, Hazel" Hades asked after a few seconds, his voice so low it almost sounded shy… shy or ashamed. Hazel nodded, managing to not stutter. "In fact I believe I never really thanked you for the colors you gave me back then" she offered in an attempt to lighten the mood. "Before you went to Alaska, you mean" he pointed out grimly. Alright, maybe that hadn't worked, but at least she had tried. "It was never enough, Hazel, I was never enough. I should have done something else, stopped your mother…" "Father, what are you―?" she started, just to be cut off by the god. "Please thank your brother for me, will you?" the god muttered, confusing Hazel once again. "For seventy years I thought about freeing you from the Asphodels myself, but I never dared to. It wasn't until your brother came and had the guts to do it that you finally were able to live the life you deserved" Hades concluded, looking at her wistfully, a soft, almost pained smile placed upon his lips. "Father…" Hazel managed, unable to think of anything else to say. "I-I never… there's nothing to forgive" she assured, staring into those astonishing black eyes. He did look a lot like Nico ―or Nico looked like him, anyways―, the rebel, black locks falling on his forehead, the pale skin, the worried expression from his eyes―and yet, he was so different, with a stronger jaw set tight and that longing gleam in his orbs that she hadn't seen appear into Nico's for a beautifully long time. "Father, I―" "Hazel, are you ready?" Nico cut her off suddenly, sending yet another surprised chill down her spine. "Give me―give me a second" she managed, wincing. "Father just―thank you" she said, finally deciding that she was in no way a reliable speaker and choosing to act instead, standing on her tip-toes to reach Hades' right cheek and kiss him, then turning on her heals to catch up with Nico, who was already awaiting for her to shadowtravel them back to their respective camps. —*—*— "Are you alright'" Nico asked as they stood in front of the Little Tiber. "I… I am" she affirmed, although she continued to smile absently. "Listen, I know things can get a little weird down there, but it really isn't that bad" the sod of Hades offered nervously. "I―thank you" Hazel cut him. "It was very nice, it does look amazing" she assured, smiling sweetly as she stared back into Nico's eyes. "You liked it, huh?" he inquired, returning a tiny smile. "Guess I am a child of the Underworld after all" she replied. "I… I'd love to do that again" she said, shrugging. "Nothing burned, so I guess it could have been worse" Nico mocked, accepting the playful punch he had earned from his sister. "But you're right and we should totally do this again". "Maybe I should bring Frank next time, would that be okay?" "You'll kill the poor guy of a heart-attack, but I guess it's okay" Nico nodded, realizing he should shut up if he didn't want a bruised shoulder. "Alright, alright, he'll be fine! Listen, Persephone and Hades are not bad guys, really, they just… have a kind of dark humor". "You like them" Hazel dwelled on, feeling no surprise when the only thing left for Nico to do was nod shyly, still smiling. "Maybe, but you'd still kill Frank of fright of you tell him Dad wants to meet him. Though, it's your boyfriend, not mine, so do as you wish" he finished, leaning in to give a tiny peck at Hazel's left cheek. "And it's also late, so you should get going if you don't want trouble with praetor Ramirez-Arellano". "Maybe" Hazel mimicked, letting Nico do. "Good night". "Night, sis" Nico replied before vanishing into shadows once more. Who knew, Hazel thought once she was left alone. Maybe… maybe meeting at the Underworld was way more cheerful than it sounded. How did that go? You know how much I love the Underworld family, and Persephone is always so fun to work with! Now, please let me know your thoughts in the comments! Read you soon! :3