you don't exactly look like the most reliable demigod in existence." He kicked Nico's skinny frame to prove his point. "But, the problem is we can't . "The gods of her pantheon are all either dead or dying," he said as he – rudely – pointed at the woman. "Because of the blood flowing through your veins, you're the only one who can come into contact with this weapon without disintegrating." Nico's throat went dry at the mental image that description brought. "This means, you're the only one with a chance of extracting the weapon from him." Nico took a few long moments (and deep breaths) to absorb all of this. So someone named Kronos and a goddess from another pantheon (he was still wrapping his head around that) had somehow brought him back to life three years after his death and they tell him that they want him to return to the past to prevent the end of the world… Naturally, Nico had a lot of questions to ask. "Why are you asking me ?" he asked the younger looking boy. "I thought you hated demigods, especially after all the stuff that's happened in the last Titan War." The boy blinked in confusion for a few seconds before realization dawned on his face. "Oh!" he exclaimed. "Son of Hades, I'm afraid that you're mistaking me for someone else. I am Chronos , the primordial god of time," he clarified, "not Kronos , the Titan lord of time. Unlike the Titan Kronos who has the power to influence time, I am the personification of time itself." Nico blanched. A primordial god? Like Gaea? "…Okay," he said slowly. Deep breaths , Nico . You're a demigod, you've dealt with the impossible and unlikely hundreds of times before. Just remember to take deep breaths. "And you are?" This time he asked the woman. "Someone who wants to prevent the world from ending," she answered evasively. Alright, then. "Are you guys the only ones in on this?" Nico asked. "Do any of the other gods – Greek, Roman or otherwise – know about this plan?" "Chaos knows," not-Kronos answered without hesitation. "Other than that, no one but us has any knowledge of this. When you return to the past, unless you do anything drastic, the other gods won't be able to identify anything out of the ordinary about you." "Next question," Nico said. " If I decided to do this," (He probably will, but they didn't need to know that yet), "and go back in time then does mean that I'll be able to change-?" He hadn't even finished the question before the Greek primordial cut in. "You're only objective is to prevent the world's destruction," he said sternly. Then, he sighed, "Whatever you decide to do after that will be your choice." Nico's mind whirred. There were a lot of things he wanted to change, so many disasters he wanted to prevent. If he could-! "However," the boy interrupted Nico's thoughts. "You should know that Fate cannot be altered without a price. By just sending you back, we would change the lives and Fates of many people," the boy's expression turned grim, as if he could currently see exactly what the consequences of this were. "And not all of it will be for the better. "Keep in mind that some things are meant to happen," he continued solemnly, "for better or worse." Nico gulped. "Besides" he said in a slightly lighter tone. "We won't just be sending you to the past, we'll also be sending you to London, where everything began," he revealed. "London is also where that being conducts most of plans. It will be easier for you to keep track of his actions if you were in London instead of America." Okay, Nico had to admit that although it made sense to do that, it would also make it very hard for him to make the changes he wanted if he were in a different country. "In London, you will meet someone with deep ties to that man and his plans," the woman said "That is as far as our influence can reach. Everything else that comes after that will be up to you." "Before you ask any more questions," Chronos cut in. "What have you decided?" Nico knew what Chronos was asking. "Will you do it, Son of Hades? Will you return to the past and save the world?" Nico's decision had been made for a while now – since he opened his eyes and saw the destruction that lay around him. "I'll do it." Sure, Nico would be the first to say that this world wasn't perfect – not with the kind of gods that were currently ruling it – but that didn't mean he wanted to see it end. Nico took another look at his surroundings. He would do whatever it took to prevent this. Even if he ended up failing, he wanted to at least try. The translucent woman smiled. He would do everything he could to save the world. He had to. After all, he lived in this world. And so did Hazel and his father… Percy too. He didn't want any of them to die. Chronos let out a relieved sigh and grinned. "Then, what are we waiting for?!" Chronos exclaimed excitedly in an obviously fake British accent. "Come on, no more dilly-dallying! You've got a cab to catch!" Nico passed out. xXXx When Nico woke up, he heard blaring horns all around him. He felt hard tarmac against his palms and knees and his head felt like something hard and heavy had rammed into it. Then, something hard and heavy rammed into his side. And Nico passed out again. xXXx A/N: Quick question, and THIS IS IMPORTANT, in America, if Percy's birthday was in August and Nico's in September on the same year, would they both be in the same grade? I REALLY NEED TO KNOW THIS BEFORE I POST THE NEXT CHAPTER.