him, let him know you know and that, even if you don't understand what's going on, you'll be with him through it all. I'm aware he's usually the one who protects you, but it's your turn to keep him safe." "I just―I don't know what to do. He… I'm so worried, he doesn't―" "I know, Haz, I know," the daughter of Athena murmured, unaware that she had used a diminutive. She didn't bother to remember that the only person that she'd ever allowed to call her 'Annie' before Percy and her paternal half-siblings was Thalia as the daughter of Zeus held her in her arms. "But that is exactly why Nico is so blessed to have you. Sometimes, it's not about having the right answers, but about how hard you're willing to try to find them, about how willing to try and fail and try again you are." Really? , Annabeth knew that was what Hazel must have been thinking. That was the advice of a daughter of Athena? Her mother must have been disappointed. "He is blessed to have you," Annabeth continued nonetheless. "You love your brother and anyone with half an eye can see that. That's enough. You're enough. You being there for him is better than anything I could advice you to do. You know I struggle with words and with showing feelings―you don't. And for that I admire you," she concluded softly. At that, Hazel flinched―she must have heard wrong. Annabeth Chase couldn't possibly think so highly of her. There wasn't anything to admire in her, she was nothing special. Still, when she stared back into Annabeth's eyes all she could see was sincerity. The daughter of Athena wasn't deceiving her. "I… What?" she managed to choke out. "You are enough," Annabeth smiled. "I… thank you," the daughter of Pluto said in a voice thick with emotion. They stared at each other for a moment, not saying anything, comforted merely by the presence of the other demigoddess, enjoying the feeling of companionship. That was until a third figure came running up the hill. "There you are!" Nico panted. "I've been looking for you everywhere!" he told Hazel and then, as if he had suddenly noticed Annabeth's presence he added. "Why are you together?" Hazel sent her a pleading gaze, fearing, perhaps, that Annabeth would spill the beans and tell Nico what they had been talking about. The daughter of Athena, on her side, merely smiled down at her. "You're not the only one around here who is fond of Hazel, Nico," she retorted, making the son of Hades huff at her, though he didn't say anything. "Actually," she said, a sudden idea lighting up her features. "There's this theatre in Brooklynn that will present La Traviata next Friday and it just occurred to me that, perhaps, we could go and watch it together." "Us three? Aren't you forgetting your dear boyfriend?" Nico replied with an inquisitive eyebrow. "Percy? I've tried to convince him of going with me, but he's not interested in opera and, frankly, I would rather go to the play alone than having to explain every bit of it to him, for once, at least. Also, can you really picture Percy Jackson in a theater, silent and unmoving for two whole hours? Because I can't." Not being able to stop himself, Nico snorted. "That seems fair," he nodded. "We'll go with you," the son of Hades concluded, deeply burying the thought that Un di felice eterea from La Traviata was the song Maria and Hades used to sing as they prepared dinner, back to the 1940's, before World War II and before Maria's death. "That is, if Hazel is okay with it." "Haz?" Annabeth questioned, a gleam that hadn't been there for months finding its way back to her eyes. "Um…? Sure, I mean, why not?" the daughter of Pluto nodded. "Then it's settled," Annabeth smiled, checking her watch. "Well, I should already be teaching Latin, so I'll leave you Underworld children to your own thing." "Don't call us that," Nico rolled his eyes. Hazel giggled at his annoyance. And then Annabeth did the most incredible thing in Hazel's honest opinion: she winked and walked straight over to Nico, just so she could ruffle his hair. Nico, instead of straightforwardly killing her, merely huffed in annoyance. And Annabeth laughed, loudly, genuinely. "Whatever you say, kiddo," she offered, turning on her heels to leave. "I'm older than you are!" Nico screamed, not seeming to care about the fact that Annabeth was already far enough to not listen to him. However, after rolling his eyes with a dramatic sigh, Nico smirked, his gaze still lost in the general direction in which the daughter of Athena had left. Who knew, Hazel thought. Perhaps Annabeth was right and all they needed at the moment was one another, the firm knowledge that, even when the future ―and the past too― seemed grim, they were not alone. Perhaps that was what both camps needed, not just Nico and her. First of all, let's begin with the asterisks: *1: La Traviata, I don't know if I had ever mentioned this opera in a story in English, but I do use it quite a lot in Spanish, so here it goes. La Traviata is a wonderful, heartbreaking story based off on "The Lady of the Camellias" by Alexander Dumas son. It's a story of love and of hurt and of real love, which, sometimes, means letting go. I love the novel, I love the opera and, since Nico is Italian and so is this play and... I just can't get over it. *2: Un di felice eterea is one of the songs in this opera. It is one of the most heartbreaking things I have ever heard. I highly recommend you to watch this play. It is wonderful. Okay, so this is it for now. I really hope you enjoyed it and, if you did, please leave your thoughts in the comments!