was exactly what family was for. That child's mother had died more than fifty years in the past, and he could barely remember her. His father had always been a cero to the left in his life, always absent or missing, sometimes even considered to be dead, and his sister had turned her back on him just before she died. What family, Hades asked himself later, what family did that child know? And yet, there was his son, begging and pleading for him to join the family he didn't even know in a war that wasn't his to fight. It was then that he felt proud for the first time in centuries. It was then that the fierceness of Nico's eyes reminded him of Maria's in something other than the shape or color. And it was then that he realized that the woman he had loved still lived inside her — their — son. And it was then that he gave into what Nico was asking for and agreed to fight side by side with the Olympians, with his family. –*–*– Sadly, and very lamely too, having saved Olympus didn't mean that Hades' relationship with his siblings was restored, or even the one with his son. It only meant that—he had helped save Olympus, as they all had. Nico and he, though, were as distant as ever, and even when he knew there were some things that he could have done to fix that, he just couldn't think of any. –*–*– Hades wasn't one to always look at things on the bright side, but even he had to admit his relief when after the war with Kronos, Persephone's resentment towards Nico backed off. Persephone was a comprehensive woman, a loving woman, and most of all, a very clever one too. Sure, she had been hurt , but even when pain could turn into hatred overtime, one could be hurt and not necessarily hate the one that had forced that pain on oneself. Persephone was that kind of person. She was hurt, pained, and she felt humiliated, but she wasn't hateful or remotely spiteful towards the ones who had hurt her. As a matter of fact, she knew where she was standing, and the reason that Hades was saying such a thing didn't have anything to do with Maria, but with the same Persephone—she herself was the result of an untruthfulness of Zeus to Hera, and maybe thus was the reason why she had never turned bitter on her husband's demigods children or tried to make their lives impossible. Maybe, he thought, she even envied his mortal lovers, but in a way completely different from the one that might have seemed: they loved their children. Mortal women could raise and love and be loved by their sons—she could not. Perhaps, Hades wondered, thus was the reason that her attitude towards Nico had changed so much over the years. Sometimes, he couldn't help but find ironic how it had been Persephone the first one to approach Nico and how she was the first one that Nico let in. It was so gradual at first, that Hades didn't even notice it, but somehow, slowly, Nico stopped being so jumpy around them, and he changed his attitude towards them, not being so blunt when he spoke anymore. What he did notice, though, was how Persephone's voice softened as she called the boy's name, or how her eyes sparkled with fondness instead of contempt when she stared down at Nico. It was she who first heard the screams that echoed all the way through the hallways from Nico's room and into theirs. It was she who first pointed out how thin Nico was and how deep the bags under his eyes were. And lastly, it was also she who first proposed for Nico to stay in the Underworld with them and who first started to call the three of them 'family', maybe unintentionally, or maybe with all the intention of doing it. Hades was not one to let his actions be guided by emotions, and neither was he known for his ability at reading them on other people, but even he had to notice that, after the war with Kronos, the atmosphere to breath in his obsidian castle was different. Although Nico and he could still not be described as close, he wasn't as indifferent to his son either, and even when Persephone and Nico had started off as cold enemies, Persephone's eyes had slowly warmed to the young boy after the war. Persephone had never hated Nico, or Bianca, or even Maria, and Hades knew better than that when he stared into her emerald eyes. Nico was an orphan boy that couldn't even remember his mother's face while Persephone was a married woman with much love to give, and it was the Fates who had made them found each other in the same family, after all. The truth was, Hades didn't even care about the coherent reason as to why things had changed or as to why Persephone had started to genuinely worry about her stepson. He didn't care about 'how' or about 'why', he simply couldn't care about such things after the change had finally occurred. Because, sincerely, how could he care about a why when he had finally seen his son smile in his presence because of one of Persephone's comments after so many years of isolation? How could he care about the how's when he saw Persephone draw her arms around Nico's lean shoulders and he didn't reject her for the first time? And, honestly, when he heard his son's and wife's laughter or so much as saw them smile at each other with fondness, he couldn't help but smile himself. Honestly, when he saw his wife and his son, together, he couldn't help but think that this was the family that he'd wished for all along, nothing more, nothing less. What do you think? Let me know in your comments!