the top of Demeter's head was visible. No, please no… And there was a scream, a terrible scream, as Gaea's mouth opened and closed. But the sound being emitted… there was no possibility that it came from the primordial. It was too filled with such excruciation; nothing could cause such a powerful being so much pain. Gaea scrambled out of the projection and paled as she recognized the mark on the ground, and immediately looked up at the cause of the shadow. A black symbol emerged from the clouds, a flickering hologram that cast an elegant shadow, stretching over Gaea's entire army who moaned in pain as they got burned with each touch. Piper gaped in awe, realizing for the first time that the symbol had come out of a black hole. No one had control over black holes… they were infinite. Yet the sign never faltered as words pixelated in the hologram. Harm them and I swear on life itself that I will end your pathetic existence. Gaea's voice trembled. "You have more than the one ?" She seemed to gather her emotions and stood up proudly. "I see now. I wondered why you chose her out of all people… Very well, Auntie," Gaea snarled, regaining her confidence. "I simply will have an even more powerful blood sacrifice! You're chosen ones!" She stared vindictively at the sky. "I hope you enjoy seeing your last hope for peace ripped apart shred by shred." The sky darkened, and instead of holograms, the black hole spat out four words very solid words. You've sealed your fate. And the monsters charged. Quickly, Piper put her hand on her heart, feeling as if she had done it a million times. She thought about all of the memories she had seen, the happy and the horrid. Piper thought about Tristan, her friends, and even Jane in a positive light, something she had never been able to do before. She closed her eyes. Piper thought of Hazel, the girl that she loved like a sister, of Annabeth, the de facto leader of the quest. She thought of Percy, who'd saved her life on countless occasions, Jason, the love of her life, Leo, her first real friend, and finally Frank, who had defended her at all costs. The seven. Once again, Piper made the claw over her heart. She used both hands; held them out in front of her like a shield. "Chaos!" She screamed as sparks flew over her head and a swirling black wind whipped around not only Piper, but Percy too. Acrid fire exploded from my palms, with far more intensity then even Leo, the first fire user in a century. After a few minutes, Piper started to panic. The fire raged strong still, but she knew it would come to a halt. She couldn't do this forever, and already the fire seemed to be sapping her energy. The monsters had been stupidly raising their weapons, which had later been melted into puddles, and charging straight at the wall of fire, as if hoping to break it. They, obviously, had been burned, and their essence was swept away by a nervous Mellie. She had Coach Hedge at her side, glaring at the monsters and swinging his bat aggressively over his head. "I'd like to see you try, cupcakes!" He yelled. He glared at one particular monster. "Yeah that's right. Just one step closer…" But Piper was losing strength quickly. "Percy!" she gasped. "Pipes, how are you doing that?" He breathed, looking at the flames in awe. "I don't know!" She rambled, tears forming in her eyes from the effort of keeping the fire going. "There was this person with fire eyes! And she just said Chaos, and then there was black fire, and I tried it and- and…" His eyes widened. "F-fire eyes…?" Then he looked at Piper determinedly, making the claw sign and - "Chaos!" He bellowed. The sparks and power grew in intensity as they both started to pant for air as they felt something compress on the chests. They both shared a look and Percy made a signal with his foot that the crew had invented together, to use if their arms were tied. It meant attack with everything . She gave a tiny nod. And with all her strength, Piper pushed her hands as far away from her body as they would go, forgetting all of the happy thoughts she had had. Turning around to look at Percy, she saw his eyes pulsing a deep glowing green, as the fire grew larger and more powerful. The fire that shot out of his calloused hands was tinted the same color, and when Piper looked at her own fire, she saw pink streaks intertwined in the magical flame. The fire spread in a circle, and they emitted a pulsing aura so strong that they themselves felt it. Her feet felt as light as air, and looking down, she realized she was floating several feet off the ground, and away from the surface that was Gaea. A colossal force of power shot into the monsters, each of them letting out a scream of agony, before disintegrating slowly, one limb at a time. The fire diminished. The silence was horrible. No one moved, with the exception of the gods, who inhaled oxygen as parts of the earth disintegrated, revealing the gods trapped in the holes Gaea had put them in. Piper saw Hazel and Nico gasp at the number of deaths they had caused. Somehow, for a son of Hades, the latter somehow managed to turn a shade paler. So guilty… She thought miserably. She felt awful. The exhilarating result seemed to overwhelm her mind and in an instant, she was falling at the speed of sound and hit the ground with the force of a meteorite. Piper was exhausted, and the fall had knocked the wind out of her. Without a second thought, she succumbed to the darkness and let go of consciousness.