still trying to catch his breath. "WHAT?" I screamed. Back on Earth: Percy's POV: I was running. I don't know where, I just had to get away from everything that had memories of Annabeth. I stopped in the middle of a forest. I had no idea where the hell I was, but I didn't care. Just then, I heard rustling in the branches. I uncapped Riptide, moving quietly towards the sound. Out of the branches stepped out not one, but 4 of my worst enemies. Krios, Hyperion, Koios, and Kronos. Great. Just my luck to meet 4 of the most powerful Titans ever to exist. I was alone, and all I had was Riptide. A puny demigod against 4 immortal Titans? Fat chance. "How did you guys even get here? I thought I kicked your asses long ago." I said. Kronos just snorted, and said, "We were brought back to be used in another war, obviously. Did you really think we were the only ones who wanted control over the world? A powerful force has risen, and he believes you, a puny mortal, may be useful to his army. If you join us, Jackson, you will be a powerful commander. You will help us overthrow the Olympians, and we will reward you with unlimited power. All you have to do is to renounce your loyalty to Olympus, pledge loyalty to our cause, and follow us to meet our master. We could even reunite you with Annabeth." Annabeth. I wanted nothing more than to be reunited with her, but I couldn't betray everyone just for Annabeth to come back. She wouldn't have wanted this. "I defeated you once. I'll do it again. Do you really think I would betray my family to help you, or your master? Go to Tartarus." The Titans grinned. "Then I guess you leave us no choice." And so all of them attacked, all at once. I couldn't even do anything but to go on defense. It took me everything I had just to fend them off, and keep them from turning me into a kabob. Slash, dodge, roll, parry. My mind had gone into complete battle mode. I knew I couldn't keep up with this forever, but I wouldn't go down without a fight. I waited until Krios and Koios had both leveled their spears at me, and the charged. At the last moment, I rolled away, so their spears pierced each other. Kronos roared in rage, but it was too late. The two Titans dissolved into gold dust, blown away by the wind. "Jackson, I will destroy you and your precious gods!" Kronos screamed. Together, he and Hyperion charged at me with renewed strength. I slashed and parried, but their strength was too much. Hyperion managed to graze my side, and my side felt like it was on fire. The cut was deeper than I had anticipated. Blood soaked my shirt, but all I could do was grit my teeth and keep on fighting. As the blood drained from my body, so did my strength. My movements became slower; and it wasn't just me, it was also Kronos. I was parrying a strike from Hyperion, and suddenly, my chest exploded with pain. I looked down, only to see the tip of a blade slide through me. Kronos let out a gleeful laugh, but my last survival instincts kicked in. I forced myself to step forward, and I slashed at a triumphant Hyperion, beheading him. As I turned around, I cut off the hand of a still surprised Kronos. Kronos roared in pain and humiliation, as his sword dropped to the ground. Just as I knew I couldn't bear it anymore, I stabbed him through the chest, right through the heart. He dissolved into dust. All my adrenaline was gone, and I knew I was going to bleed out. I fell to my knees, holding my chest wound, crawling towards the water. I knew I wouldn't reach it fast enough to heal, and even if I reached the water, my wound was too fatal to be healed. All I saw was Annabeth, and as I collapsed into the water, the world turned dark…. Back on Mount Olympus: Thalia's POV: Just as we were freaking out over Annabeth, Hades had stumbled in just as Poseidon fell to his knees. We watched in horror as Poseidon held his chest in pain, and froze in some sort of a thought. "Uncle! What has happened?" Artemis yelled. "Percy…. He's dying… He fell into the water, and has a stab wound on his chest. I can feel his pain, as I feel the pain of all sea creatures. HERMES! TRANSPORT PERCY HERE IMMEDIATELY!" Poseidon screamed. A terrified Hermes waved his hand, and Percy appeared, lying on the floor. I could already see the blood that was pooling on the white tiles. Even though no one gave him orders, doctor instincts had kicked into Apollo as he tried to heal Percy of his wounds. "How is it?" I asked. "I don't think he'll make it… The sword wound grazed his heart just enough to rupture his pulmonary artery. Besides that, he's already lost a lot of blood from a deep cut on his side, right under his last rib. I'm sorry." Apollo said, hanging his head, tears in his eyes. Nico and Grover ran over where Percy was, and knelt. I followed their example. I could feel the tears dripping down my face. I couldn't believe that this had happened. Two of my best friends had just died, within 24 hours of each other. I only had Grover and Nico left now. Oh, gods. How would Nico feel? He was the one who could actually feel someone dying. Unlike me, he got a full experience of Percy's soul leaving his body. I guess Percy died, because both Nico and Hades screamed "PERCY! YOU CAN'T DIE!". And as we all watched in horror, Percy's limp, lifeless body disappeared into a swirling black vortex.