the green eye boy asked nervously. "Oh about the whole time," I smirked as their faces turned a slight shade of crimson from being surprised, "you guys look like you've seen better days, come on inside I was going to make some dinner anyways." I motioned for them to follow me into the apartment. They looked at each other with doubt for a moment before following my lead. After ten minutes had passed I lead our small group into the living room each of us with a cup of instant ramen. I sat down on my chair with as much gusto as was humanly possible, letting myself sink into the soft leather. "So… rough day today?" The green eyed boy asked between sips of his noodles trying to start light conversation. "Yeah," I mused to myself, "restaurants seem like fun but then you realize you've got to actually work." They laughed at that except for the girl in the death to Barbie t-shirt. Her electric blue eyes kept focus on me, they were pretty yes but also sort of disturbing as if she was expecting me to grow horns or something. She kept at it as we ate until I finally couldn't take it anymore. "You lose something over here cupcake?" I asked meeting her angry gaze with one of annoyance. Our glaring at each other continued like that before the blonde girl cleared her throat. "Sorry," she said her gray eyes cutting between us. "Were just a little surprised is all, we've never really met a demigod our age on his own, alive at least." "Well I wouldn't really call it living, I'm just squatting here until the next part of my quest comes along." They looked at me strangely, I guess it would sound crazy. A demigod on his own would sound crazy to anyone who knew the dangers that the world held. "You really are him aren't you? The demigod from my dream." The death to Barbie girl stated with an undertone of disappointment. "Well I think I might know why that is but before we get down to business let's introduce ourselves." I said with a confident smile trying to hide the curiosity that was eating at my gut. Death to Barbie glared at me in challenge "You first." I was beginning to like this girl less and less but there was something about her I found endearing. "Sure I'll give you the courtesy, I'm Kai McLane second legionnaire of the 3rd regiment, great grandson of Somnus or Hypnos to you guys and son of Sarah McLain and some mystery guy she fell in love with. I'm 19 years old and I am currently on a quest to head east. Is that enough information or do you need to know my hobbies and where I keep my dream journal?" Death to Barbie fixed me with a perfect ten in annoyed. With her black punk style hair and leather jacket she reminded me of a female ghost rider with skin, the other two demigods looked at us in utter disbelief. Finally shaking out of her trance the gray eyed blonde spoke first. "I am Annabeth Chase daughter of Athena." I shook her hand politely, moving my gaze to the green eyed boy next to her. "Percy Jackson son of Poseidon" I shook his hand a bit more roughly, I had heard stories about him during my time at Camp Jupiter. Lastly I turned towards the dark cloud in the corner. She sighed indignantly but met my gaze. "Thalia Grace daughter of Zeus." I smiled at her with appreciation. "Well, two kids of the Big Three. I had the pleasure of meeting your brother Ms. Thalia Grace he is one hell of a fighter. And you Percy Jackson I've heard a lot about you, well done. So now that we've been introduced…. What the fuck are you three doing here!?" the last part I didn't mean to yell but the suspense was starting to bug me and when you're a demigod with serious add and no patience, shit will get on your nerves if they take too long. Also the daughter of Zeus was starting to get on my nerves with her constant glares and haughty attitude. Like being the spawn of the sky somehow made you all that. "We are on a quest to find a half-blood that might be able to help us back at our camp." Annabeth stated like we were in a war meeting, my outburst seeming to not have surprised her at all. I looked her with interest, I had never met a child of Athena before and this was quite the good impression. "So you guys expect me to believe that there's some problem at your camp and I'm to just go with you willy nilly?" "Well, yeah kind of." Percy shrugged as he finished off the last of his ramen. His honesty was astounding but then again what did I have to lose. "Alright say no more I'll go. Just don't think you're getting away with that lame story, your telling me all the details on our way there." Percy and Annabeth nodded while Thalia just rolled her eyes and walked out of the building, I watched her go. "Is she ok? She seems to be a little pissed off or is that just her natural setting." Annabeth and Percy looked at each other nervously. I could tell that there was a story here but with how Percy was nodding off slightly It would have to wait for tomorrow. I told them they could stay here tonight and that we'll leave tomorrow. Annabeth left to tell Thalia leaving only me and Percy. "So….," I started. "You want to play some monopoly?" I decided that the first chapters were far too short so I decided to extend them and make them much better. Sound good guys? I do apologies if this upsets anyone. Somnus: roman equivalent to Hypnos the god of sleep.