"Now, I'll be up to visit in just four weeks, but you still need to write and call me, okay?" Ms. Barton continued with her instructions but Cassie was only half listening to the rest. She now knew enough to be more sure of what was going on; she went to Yancy, a boarding school for kids with learning and behavior problems (Cassie cringed at that again. She was the perfect student! She didn't need to be there), and she was just starting there this semester. She nodded to herself. Okay, okay... She could do this. She still didn't remember anything about transferring schools or not being able to read, but she could do this. Cassie's mom finished her last bit of advice on 'how to survive the semester' when they pulled up in front of a huge, three-story, grey stone building. Cassie got out and took her luggage from the trunk, putting the bulging backpack on her back and adjusting the small rolling suitcase in her grip. Now or never…. Yeah right. Cassie wasn't going to tell her mom. As long as she could ignore her messed up memories, it would almost be like nothing weird was happening. When they had reached the top of the steps, Cassie paused and tried to muster all the determination she could. She looked up at the entrance to her school. The name Yancy Academy was engraved in huge font above the front door and Cassie found herself even more upset at the memories she was sure were there but that she just couldn't reach. Yancy . She was 100% positive she had heard that name before. And she was 100% nervous about going inside. "Come on, it's freezing!" Her mother urged as she passed her daughter and took a hold of the huge brass door handle. Cassie, realizing her mom was right and that she was terribly cold, rushed inside. Cassie blinked, momentarily taken off guard by the blinding fluorescent lights and stark white walls and hallway. So this is Yancy…. Cassie didn't have time to take it in though since her mother immediately set off down a corridor to their left, leaving her daughter having to hurry to catch up. It was late in the evening so Cassie wasn't surprised that all of the offices they passed were empty. The only one that seemed to be occupied was the room furthest down the hallway, right at the end of the corridor. The door was open and as they approached Cassie could hear the clack clack clack of a keyboard coming from within. She tried to read the identifying sign next to the door but all she could make out was 'principal'. The name below was indecipherable, but Cassie thought that was because of the name itself, not because she couldn't see it correctly. Still, Cassie knew she had never had a reading problem before and it frustrated her. Ms. Barton stopped just outside the wide open door but still gave a polite knock to announce their presence. "Ahh! Ms. Barton!" The principal immediately stopped what he was doing when he saw them. He hurried out from behind his desk to shake the woman's hand, "I'm Dr. Kravosky. I'm so glad you both made it. I was so worried when you called and told me about the accident," The cheerful man turned to Cassie and greeted her with a handshake as well. "I was so relieved," Dr. Kravosky continued sounding very sincere, "To hear that you're okay. We're so glad you're back." Cassie smiled up at him. She liked this guy. He seemed like a good principal. "Glad to be back," she replied. The principal returned her smile and gave her a friendly squeeze on the shoulder, just like Dr. Miller had. Her bruised one again. She tried not to flinch. Gosh , she though, what's with everyone? Cassie didn't think she'd ever had people use that gesture with her before, and now that her shoulder was hurting, they wouldn't stop. "Now," The principal started and clasped his hands together, "Have you had dinner yet?" Cassie shook her head 'no'. "Well, I told the cooks you would probably be coming late, if you wanted to head to the cafeteria- Oh, look!" The principal spotted someone coming down the hallway and called them over with an energetic, "Grover!", then looked back at Cassie and suggesting, "Why doesn't Grover join you so you have some company?" Cassie didn't know who 'Grover' was, but she replied with a "Sure," as she turned around to look at the kid coming towards them. He, well… He certainly wasn't a handsome guy. Grover had bad acne and unkempt curly brown hair that was partly hidden by a Rasta cap that Cassie thought looked pretty tacky. His shirt had some band logo on it that Cassie didn't recognize, and it looked like he had the slightest hint of a beard starting to grow. The thing Cassie really noticed though, was the crutches. And then, it all clicked. Boarding school. Yancy. Crutches. Grover... She froze. "No way…." Before you leave, I know. I KNOW. Every author asks for them. But just rate this 1-10, that's all I ask. If you get to the review page and decide you might as well add some more since you're already there, that's great! And very much appreciated! And you making it this far is appreciated too, so thanks. So. I'd been reading a lot of PJO reincarnation stories lately and had this weird urge to write and upload my take on one. I feel like this chapter is slightly rushed in some ways, but at the same time, it's well over 3000 words, and this is like the second story I've typed in almost 5 years, s it'll have to do. I'm also sure it could use another editing run-through, but I'm the slowest editor ever and I really just want to be done with this chapter so again, it'll have to do.