Pushing this from my mind, I turned to face my opponent again and, upon seeing the nametag smacked sloppily across his (large) pectorals, I realized why I had thought I had never seen him before. A million letter long name that didn't even make logical sense further increased my understanding. So he was new, he had a weird name, probably got picked on and so thought he could elevate his position by pushing down on me. I glared. Well, just because he was at the low end of the totem pole didn't mean that I was lower. I was off of it entirely. Yep, had a pole all my own… wow, that sounded bad. Shaking my head from my quickly derailing train of thought, I focused on the problem at hand. Finally we reached the mat and I turned to face him, only to nearly yelp in surprise. The sight that greeted me was a lot a feet tall with massive, bulging muscles that threatened to burst his clothes. Before I could ask him if he used steroids, he suddenly roared and my new frie-nemy Long-stupid-name-boy charged. For being so big he sure moved like a bazillion miles an hour. Imagine have the world's biggest fastest freight train coming at you full speed, you still have no clue how scary it was. I rolled to the side as he punched into the floor where I had just been standing, creating a 3 foot deep crater. In the face of this obviously physically impossible phenomena, I decided to simply ignore the impossibility of it and instead blurted out the first thing that came to mind, "Watch it! Are you trying to kill me?!" He grinned, I noticed his eyes seemed almost blurred together like I couldn't focus on them, "Why yes, Dessana Drake, that is the idea!" He charged me again this time grabbing at me as he ran, with no other choice I jumped up on his lowered face then scrambled over his head, landing awkwardly, but safely, behind him. I heard him scream in pain as I landed between his eyes and pushed off (yeah, his face was that big). When I landed on the ground I whirled, given no time to wonder how I managed that. Unfortunately, my impressive acrobatics were soon pushed to the back of my mind as he turned. All I could do was stare in shock at his eye; not eyes, eye . He had one giant eye in the middle of his forehead (which explains why he was yelling when I jumped off of him). With a brand-new size six foot print in the middle of it. It didn't look pleased with the edition. "What are you?" I gasped. "I am Unipolycyclopines! And I am going to eat you!" He roared as if it should be impressive or something. Now I could've screamed; I could've said, and I'm the president; maybe even god bless you, but all that came to mind was, "Your name is one-many-wheel-tree? No wonder you have anger issues." He roared in rage and charged again, I knew that this time I would not be getting away and I got mad. "You stupid little messed up jerk you think that you can come into my school, ruin my favorite class, terrorize my, uh, 'friends', and eat me? WELL I DON'T THINK SO! BRING IT ON WHEEL-BOY!" He was almost on top of me now, and he had leaned down so we were face to face. My only thought was that this was stupid. No seriously. This was an incredibly stupid way to die. I had always thought I'd die at the hands of a thug or from the cold. Getting killed by some ancient Greek monster? Not the way I had planned. And in that moment I hated him, that monster. And I had only one thought as I pulled back my fist and punched him with all of my might… DIE. He stopped… He looked down at me his eye strange as it stared into mine. His putrid breath stung my face (my god was that hair in his teeth?) and his heaving chest rested heavily against my fist. His eye lost all its hate as it continued to stare into mine, lost everything really, becoming strange and despondent. I felt his breathing slow against my fist, until suddenly it stopped. Dropping to his knees in front of me, he slid off of my fist and onto the floor as he slowly crumbled to dust. I stared at the pile of dust in front of me, shocked that I was alive, and even more shocked that he was dead. Huh. Well would you look at that. It appears that not only do Greek monsters exist, I also happen to have Force powers. And here I thought I was just some homeless person. Before I could contemplate this further, the room around me became blurry and I sank to my knees as the breath refused to come into my lungs. Before I could start hyperventilating, suddenly Sarge was next to me, "Come with me Drake we have a place for you to be safe." "Safe?" I murmured. Where was safe? What was… safe? Did I want to be safe? Sam was next to me to then, "Yes. Safe, Des, come with us." I followed them in a daze outside the fire escape door (a stray piece of rubble had already set off the alarm) just as the pile up of frantic teachers outside the locked gym doors, broke the lock and poured in. I walked after Sarge and Sam as fast as I could stumble. The last thing I remember was lying next my cat, Jack, as Sarge talked to a rainbow with a face. It was a handsome young face with shocking ice blue eyes, an amazing smile and rich brown hair. And as I blacked out all I could see was that smile telling me it was okay.