his Dyslexia at school, and getting frustrated with himself, however there had been some occasions when that frustration had turned into fighting in the playground with a few of the other kids who had called his dumb and stupid. In fact Elvis was his only real friend. The two had been friends since the start of Junior High. Elvis was the same age as Alex, he wore baggy trousers, and blue jacket with a t-shirt underneath, and he was always wearing a cap. Elvis also had to use crutches to get around due to a medical condition with his legs. Well that was the story anyway, had Alex known the real reason then he most likely would have freaked out. "So bud, what did you get from your folks for your birthday" Alex pulled out his new Iphone and the chain and showed them to Elvis, who seemed more interested in the silver chain then the Iphone. "That's some nice blink right there, you should put that on." Alex looked down at the chain, however he shook his head, and stuffed the chain back into his pocket, which he noticed worried Elvis for some reason. Alex suddenly noticed Elvis sniffed the air, and then looked over to a group of bikers who was looking over towards them. "Alex we need to move now!" Elvis was worried, as a Satyr he could smell monsters a mile away, and that biker gang that had been looking over at them, were just that. Of course their disguise would fool anyone, but not Elvis and sense of smell. Alex noticed Elvis seemed on edge. "Dude, what the rush, is everything okay, your not acting like yourself." Elvis had noticed the group of bikers had suddenly vanished however that didn't mean they were not around, in fact Elvis could still smell them. The two quickly carried on walking towards the school, it was less than a mile away now, however to get to it, they had to navigate down some tight alley ways, perfect for if you wanted to ambush someone. As the two made their way down one of the alley, their path was blocked. Stood in front of them were two of the bikers from earlier. "Well look what we have here boys, a Satyr and half-blood. Looks like we have hit the jackpot." Alex and Elvis tried to turn back, however they found they other two were also blocking their way. "Don't go, we love for you to stick around, in fact why don't we invite you to dinner." Alex wondered who these people were, he had heard of gangs hanging around the streets, but nothing like this. He noticed Elvis seemed to be looking for a way out, like he was. Just as the Bikers were closing in, both boys heard a female shout. "Get down!" Alex felt Elvis pull him down and now above their head a shower of arrows were descending down onto bikers around them. Alex was trying to see what was helping them, however when he noticed a group of girls each holding a bow, he was stunned into silence. He suddenly heard one of the bikers growling. "Blast, the hunters have found us again, every cyclops for himself." Alex then noticed the bikers split and were now doing their best to protect themselves and get away from the arrows now raining down on them. One of the bikers roared in pain as an arrow hit him squarely in the face. Alex noticed he then fell back and turned into dust. Just what the hell was going on. Eventually several more fell, until there was only one left who growled and run down the alley and into the street. "Hold your fire girls, five of those things is better than none. We will hunt the last one later. Elvis what are you doing here? Shouldn't you be at Camp half-blood, and who is this boy, is he a half-blood?" Alex was confused, with the sudden ambush and now being surrounded by girls in weird dress all holding bows, was just too much for Alex, and right there and then, he fainted on the spot. Elvis was just able to catch him on his way down, he then noticed the girl with flowing auburn hair walking towards him, followed by the rest of the hunters. "Lady Artemis, We were just on our way to school, when those Cyclopes ambushed us. My dad asked me to protect Alex on order of Lord Perseus. I believe this is his son." Artemis frowned. "I see, so Percy breaking rules again I see, honestly that boy, well I suggest you get him to camp half-blood, its not safe for him here anymore. Thalia, escort Elvis and Alex back to Camp Half-blood, and then join us. We will carry on searching for the last Cyclops." A girls around the age of seventeen, walked out from the crowd of hunters. She had black hair and wore a small tiara on her head. She bowed to her Goddess. "As you wish Lady Artemis." Thalia eyes fell on Alex, why hadn't he been wearing his chain? Percy had informed her this morning that he had sent it. However now wasn't the time to worry about such matters, her son needed her, even if he was only four year younger than her. That was the beauty and the curse of being a huntress, she would never age and stay at the age of seventeen until she decided to leave the hunt. Thalia helped Elvis with Alex and noticed Artemis had left with the rest of the hunters. "Come on Elvis, quickest way to get to camp half-blood will be to use the chariot damnation." Elvis and Thalia pulled Alex up and helped him towards the busy street where they would call for their ride to camp half-blood. A/N: Okay hope you like the new version. I will also be moving this to M rating for future contents.