on Percy creepily. "Um I do?' he wondered uncertainly, it was always better to find out why they wanted to kill you before they tried to kill you. "You've being giving us problems honey. Did you really think you could get away with it?" Mrs Dodds smirked nastily and he wracked his brains for anything he had done. "If this is about me putting oil on the gym floor before the big game I am really sorry," he apologised quickly, trying to buy some time. Not that he was actually sorry, the basketball team were all total arseholes and he thought justice was deserved. "Of course it isn't honey that was actually rather hilarious seeing all those idiot ball players skidding about like headless hydras but no. You know what this is about. Confess and you shall suffer less pain," she hissed, her eyes glowing eerily red in the darkened room, her nails sharpening into wicked points. Leathery skin took the place of her black bikers' jacket and huge bat wings burst from her back, large fangs replacing teeth as she snarled. "Fuck my life, it just had to be a fury didn't it, why not send a freaking Minotaur or a hellhound I've met those ones enough," Percy shouted at the ceiling, spreading his arms in the universal signal for 'come get me'. "You know what I am," the fury growled cautiously, her wings flexing. "Yes I do now if I may, either try to kill me or kindly let me leave," Percy sniped back, ripping his necklace from its place around his throat and lifting Terra, his sword, pointing it directly at her heart. He had an assortment of weapons but Terra was his favourite. It was perfectly balanced, a mixture of stygian silver, imperial gold and celestial bronze. It glowed, a thrumming power source that held a small part of his great grandmother's essence. Gaea wasn't as bad as everyone made her out to be. She had looked after Percy when he had nowhere to go, made the demigod her chosen and gifted him with power and weapons that had never before been bestowed on anyone, immortal or otherwise. "Who are you?" Mrs Dodds eyes glowed furiously at the sudden appearance of the blade, probably able to sense the three mythical metals within. "Your worst nightmare bitch," Percy snarled, sidestepping as she lunged and swinging down with his sword, slicing through the joint of one of her wings. "Sorry." he droned unsympathetically, parrying the attempt at swiping with her claws, the two clashing horribly. Percy hissed as a claw clipped his shoulder, leaving a deep cut across the skin. He turned to her and instantly went into a series of swings, jabs and slices, each one making a new cut on her shrivelled body. Mrs Dodds snarled and went on the offensive, so caught up in revenge she didn't even notice as Percy slowed his attacks and allowed the fury closer. When Mrs Dodds finally stopped in front of Percy, set on ripping out his throat Percy flicked his sword into an arch, the blade slicing clean through her neck. She collapsed into golden sand in front of the demigod, with a twist of his hand he sent her into the breeze, despite being monster dust she was still a part of the earth in that form and he could get rid of her. Thanks to grandmother he had a small amount of control over earth, nothing major but enough that he could perform acts like that, Gaea had told him as he grew older his powers and control would grow. He had only just put his necklace back on when Mr Bruner came rolling in looking about wildly, he quickly pretended to be looking at one of the pieces of art, turning to greet him. "Oh hey Mr Bruner," he said cheerfully, attempting the best dazed expression he could and noticing with mild amusement his teacher's look of shock then pride. If he didn't pretend to be under the mist then he would have questions and he didn't know if he trusted him enough to answer them. "Hello Percy, what are you doing in here?" he asked slowly, wheeling closer. "Um I was… looking at the exhibit. Because I wanted to…. I think. Or maybe I was looking for a bathroom. No I was trying to find a gift store, that's right," he unfocused his eyes and looked about with a dazed expressions before clearing it as if he was seeing the events in his head. "Did anyone come in with you?" he questioned cautiously, stopping in front of the young demigod who hid his triumphant smirk and shook his head. He thought Chiron would be able to tell if he was really being affected by the mist but obviously the teacher was just happy that he was still alive. "Who would be with me, other than Grover and I'm pretty sure he's outside, as we should be," he prompted gently, hurrying back to the museum entrance and leaving Mr Bruner behind with a perplexed expressions on his face. He hid a snigger in his palm and followed a sweating Grover back onto the bus for the long ride back to school. A bubbly blonde woman bordered the bus and Percy had a feeling that she was actually a low level nymph or someone similar since they would have to instantly replace Mrs Dodds or the children would get suspicious, mist or no mist. "You feeling okay there Grover?" he asked worriedly when he caught his friend staring at him. "Yeah just fine Perce, though I think I'm going crazy," the last part was whispered so quietly Percy could barely hear it and he frowned, now scared about how Grover would be taking it. He just knew things were going to change, this was the first time he would be unable to disappear without people asking questions and he found he sort of didn't want to.