sides of the wood, clenching her jaw and trying pretend she wasn't freezing her ass off. They were so going to die. When the next wave came, they actually did capsize. Not that Alianna was really all that surprised. More horrified then anything. The duo tumbled into the sea with a shriek, and the water that rushed around Alianna's ears was more than enough to disorient her. But, by a gods-given miracle, she found the surface, coming up with a gasp. Throwing her arms forward, her nails hooked into the wood of the boat as she heaved herself onto the bottom of the ship and the only part that was floating. Claudia was already there, splayed out on the surface with her eyes shut tight and shaking hard enough to be jerking. Alianna really thought they were going to die, out in the sea, alone. Fuck. Her clothes were wet, gods dammit. And then she saw the ship lights. She stayed awake just long enough to weakly signal for help and be pulled up onto the deck of the metal (gods bless) machine. She faced a very familiar bearded man and mumbled a few incoherent words. And then she passed out. The hospital was warm, but far too white in Alianna's opinion. The glaring color of the walls, bed, and floor hurt her eyes to look at, and everything smelled like anesthetic. Groaning, she turned her head, her eyes meeting a pair of green ones she had never been so happy to see in her life. "Hey," Claudia greeted, giving her a weak smile. She was tucked into a bed next to her, an IV in her arm with white fluid dripping down into the tube. She looked tired, but still radiant. Like Alianna, she was also wearing a hospital gown. But a metal chain hung around her neck, disappearing into the collar of the gown. "What... what happened?" Her eyes widened as she remembered a familiar face. "That man - !" She sat up, eyes wide and heart monitor beating quickly. "He - that was the captain ! He's supposed to be dead !" Claudia's smile turned wobbly and two tears leaked out of her right eye. "I saved him, Ali." "What?" "I - that boy - the one from the story - he explained everything to me," Claudia said, propping herself up on her elbows. Her voice was picking up tempo, as it usually did when she was excited about something. "After I touched the pendant, I saw a boy standing in front of me and you were gone . I didn't know what to do. But then he told me that the monster was a gray thing that was a person from the town that wanted everyone to be happy forever! But as a price, everyone forgot them, and they had to live in the mountains, alone. Cleitus remembered because he was the only one that had fought or seen the monster - person - Panasilas -" Claudia tumbled over her words. "But he couldn't do anything to break the curse because the boy said that no one outside of the city could break it! So I asked how, and he asked if I -" Claudia paused, sniffling. "He asked if I wanted to bring the sailor back. And I said yes. But he said that I would have to make a trade." A cold weight settled in Alianna's stomach. Claudia stopped breathing... The boy... "What did you trade?" she rasped. Then, louder, stronger, "What. Did. You. Trade?" Claudia couldn't stop crying. "A life for a life. I - he said he wouldn't collect it now, but he would give me time to say goodbyes -" No. That couldn't be. She had saved Claudia. Hadn't she? She had to have. Claudia had stopped breathing until Alianna made the deal. A slow breath was released from Alianna's lips. Claudia would be okay. "It's okay." And it was. Everything was okay this time. They were going to go home, safe. She was safe. Claudia was safe. They were both alive. Smiling, Alianna laid back down and closed her eyes, listening to Claudia babble until she fell asleep, this time in peace, with the help of the hospitally-administered drugs in her system. " Run !" "No, I'm not leaving you!" Claudia was crying. Why was she crying? Alianna couldn't see. Fire. It surrounded her on all sides, blocking any escape route. Licking at her skin, singing the hairs on her arms. "Run! Save Alianna!" "But you're -" "I'm already dead! Run !" "Jaco -" "I said leave !" he shrieked. "I'm dying, Claudia! I might as well be dead already! We both know I'm not going to make it!" The fire in front of her was put out, just enough for Claudia to slip through and grab her before running out. And, for some reason, hanging there in the state of half-consciousness, Alianna remembered a nearly forgotten quest, with a nearly forgotten deal. I saved Claudia, she thought hazily, eyelids dropping. People screamed around her, running into battle and away from it. Blood dripped from the cut on her forehead and into her eyes. But Claudia still made a deal for a life. She remembered, weeks ago, when Claudia had brought up the quest they had done months ago. She had been in tears, worried and crying. "It doesn't have to be my life," Claudia had said. "It should be my life. He said that he could take someone close to me. Why? I thought he was nice! I thought he was saving me back then! But he was taunting me, Ali! He said that he wouldn't kill me! I should die! I made the deal! I don't want to lose you! You're my little sister!" She wasn't dying. She knew that. I hadn't even thought of Jacob. She never got to say goodbye to her other best friend, brother in all but blood. And she would never get to.