please try not to interrupt me. I don't have much time, okay" Aphrodite stated. Her voice was unsteady and facial expression showed one of worry. "Uhh, yeah sure, I guess" "Thank you. As you already seem to know, Percy is missing an-'' "He's what?! What happened to him? Is he safe?" "Piper, I asked you not to interrupt me. Now please be patient" Aphrodite scolded with a slight glare at her daughter. "Sorry mom" I muttered. "It's okay, as I was saying, Percy has been taken. No one knows who took him or where he is, but you must not look for him. Do you understand?" I was in utter shock, my mom tells me the man I love is missing and she expects me to do nothing? "What, why would I do that? What did Percy ever do to you" I screamed at my mother. "Piper, you must understand what I'm telling you. There have been reports of monsters organizing themselves, and Athena believes that they plan to attack while the camp is searching for Percy. They will be in disarray and an easy target for attack. " "But who could possibly be leading the monsters. I thought that we would finally have peace after Gaea was put back into her slumber?" At this Aphrodite stiffened and she seemed to be contemplating how to answer my question. Finally, she sighed and looked me in the eyes before answering, "Piper, the gods have been hiding something for quite a while. There is –"at this she hesitated. "Yes mom, what's happening?" She looks at me again in fear, and I feel a brooding feeling enter my mind. Whatever can scare the usually giddy love goddess this much, is probably something I don't want to meet. "The Primordial gods and goddesses are rising Piper. The original deities of the universe, the sons and daughters of Lord Khaos himself are planning to overtake the earth." My breath hitched in my throat as I let that reality sink in. The most powerful deities in existence are planning to destroy humanity? A genuine fear entered my heart when I realized what this probably meant for Percy and who his captors are. I glanced up at my mother and asked her the one question that I didn't want to know the answer to. "Wa-was Percy t-t-taken by the Primordials?" I whispered while barely choking back a sob. Aphrodite stared down at me sadly and almost imperceptibly nodded her head. That was when I broke down. I slid to my knees, my head in my hands, and cried. I barely acknowledged the slender hands that gently pulled me into a motherly embrace. I don't know how long I sat there in my mother's embrace, but I soon was pulled out my dream when I felt a pair of hands shaking me awake. "Piper. Piper! Are you okay?" "Mnhhh, hnnmmnn" came my mumbled reply. "What's happening" I finally managed to say without slurring my words. "You were writhing in your sleep and kept yelling Percy's name. You were yelling for him to come back or something", came Drew's response. I finally seemed to notice what was going on. The entire Aphrodite cabin was looking down at me nervously, Chiron was standing in the background curiously glancing in my direction, and Drew was standing over me worriedly. "Is everything alright Pipes?" "Yeah, everything is fine" I lied. "Just a bad demigod dream is all". I shot Chiron a glance, trying to tell him I needed to speak with him as soon as possible. He seemed to understand as he nodded in my direction before asking everyone to go to the dining pavilion for breakfast. Drew shot me another worried glance before filing out with the rest of the cabin. When everyone finally left to the pavilion, Chiron cantered over and kneeled in front of my bunk. He looked at expectantly until I took a deep breath and shakily recited everything my mother had told me. I'll tell you one thing; Chiron is a very good listener. When I finished summing up my talk with Aphrodite, I looked up to see his face three shades whiter and scrunched up in fear. He seemed to be contemplating how to write his own obituary. Finally, he looked up at me for a few seconds before speaking, "You must keep this information to yourself Piper. If anyone finds out about this, there will be hysteria. Not to mention, there could be spies in our camp. Is that understood?" I nodded. "Good, I am going to make a visit to Olympus in order to discuss this matter with the council. If anyone asks about my leaving, tell them I'm delivering a message to the party ponies." "No problem Chiron", came my whispered reply. He noticed my glum expression and cupped my face in his hand, forcing me to look him in the eye. "We'll get him back Piper, there is nothing to worry about. Percy is known for getting himself out of sticky situations, we just need to have some faith in him. "How can you be so sure that he's okay", I asked teary eyed. "Piper, I have been training heroes for centuries, but never have I had a pupil so strong-willed and loyal. Percy is arguably the strongest demigod to have ever lived and I know that he'll be okay. Percy will come back to us not for his family and not for camp. No, he is going to come back for the one girl that keeps him grounded to this world and brings him true happiness. He is coming back for you, Piper Mclean". And scene. I feel like this is completely and utterly terrible, but then again I believe that someone should never critique their own work. And that's where you swoop in and save the day with your super-powered reviews! Anyway, pls be completely honest in telling me how shitty my writing is, and keep on keeping on. ~Khaos