was ready for a five year bed rest. Annabeth looked down at the ropes she was fastening for the beginners at the rock climbing obstacle. She was standing pretty close to the lava, which wasn't a very good idea, but she could bring herself to move away. She was too wound up thinking about Percy. "Hey, Annabeth?" She turned around and saw Connor and Travis standing behind her, looking slightly abashed. As they should. "What?" Her voice sounded frosty. One of the brothers kept his mouth shut but the other said, "Look, Percy told us that you know and you don't approve –" "Don't bother apologising." Annabeth turned back to the ropes pulling the sailor knots at the right height. "We're serious, Annabeth. We didn't mean for it to be so bad. It was supposed to be a silly little joke, but when it actually happened, it didn't sound so silly." "Then why didn't you stop when you realised it wasn't right? Was it a matter of your nonexistent humility?" She muttered. They were quiet and she did a good job of ignoring them until she was done with her ropes. Swinging the excess onto her shoulders, she turned around and pushed past them but Travis (or maybe Connor) caught her arm. She pulled it away giving him a harsh look. "I know that you're super mad at us and we deserve it but don't blame Percy." Travis said, his voice sounding strangely comforting. Annabeth stared at him and then at his brother. "And why not?" Connor gave an exasperated look, "You can't really believe that he would've wanted to do something like this! It took us a while to convince him and that was after we had blackmail material over him. " She stood there for a minute, letting the meaning seep in. "Did you force him to lie to me?" It was clear that the two boys were about to face the heat. "Um... not exactly..." "You have one minute to explain before I leave you hanging by the weakest ropes above the lava." "We thought you'd be able to take a joke!" Travis yelped. "Especially one that comes from Percy! It wasn't supposed to go on for days. We wanted to get it over with within a few hours just to see how your reaction was. It was no big deal! But we didn't even see much of you, you kept disappearing and then reappearing in other places." Annabeth tried to keep her breathing steady. She had been ducking in and out of her schedule on the day Percy had told her the lie. She couldn't stand her emotions overflowing her meagre being and left for the forest for reprieve. "So, you're blaming me?" The Stolls looked frightened. Good. "NO!" Annabeth folded her arms. "And what about the blackmail material you have on Percy?" They stumbled over themselves trying to explain. "We might have seen him in a pair of Finding Nemo boxer shorts which were absolutely ridiculous!" Travis gave his input when Annabeth's glare hardened. "But we can easily forget it." "You'd better. Or I might just visit River Lethe –" "Whoaa! Annabeth, don't go too far! I swear, we will never tell another soul about the whole affair. It's gone from our heads. I promise!" "Yeah, me too. Whoosh. Gone. Jeez, I don't even know what we're talking about." "Yeah, no clue." She narrowed her eyes. "What makes you think I'll let you off so easily?" With those words, Travis and Connor started to sweat. "Um, how – how about... we'll owe you!" Annabeth rolled her weight onto one leg. "We'll both owe you! And Percy! Two each for you! Any kind of favor!" That was actually a good deal. She didn't want to turn the experience into a purely personal reward so she said, "And no more games like this." Travis nodded. Connor piped up, "What about Dr. Seuss games?" Annabeth's glower sent them running and she felt a little proud that she could do that. And then her mood plummeted when she turned and saw Percy trudge up to his cabin, trailing a fishing net which seemed to be caught in his jeans belt loop. It left mud marks all over the back of his legs and made strange criss-cross patterns on the earth. She wondered if what the Stolls had said was right. Or had they been trying to fool her again. If anyone would have asked her before, she would've confidently said that Percy wasn't so much of an idiot to play stupid pranks. Last night she was so hurt, it felt like a heart break. But then she had realised that it was a trust break. Are you sure you haven't been overreacting? She flinched. No, she had all the right to freak out. Percy was her best friend and he'd lied to her about something serious. What should she do with that? Stay away from him? You're not strong enough for that. May be let him spend time with her in a very diplomatic way. May be. Annabeth threw the ropes down in their spot outside the Hephaestus Cabin and headed for Percy. Was it possible that she had overreacted? It hadn't been to affect her directly. But sexuality was a major issue in the world. People insensitive enough to crack jokes about it intentionally or unintentionally upsetting others were wrong to do so. Even if it was a close friend. Percy was more than a close friend and he looked really repentant and Annabeth cursed herself for being such a softie when it came to matters based on Percy Jackson. . Percy takes one look at Annabeth that he's half way to being forgiven and that gives him enough energy to give her a rib crushing hug and a slew of apologies. Annabeth decides that their friendship is worth any kiss that she'd been dreaming of with him. . Of course, we know it's different in the future.