way through the thick forest again, keeping strictly to the trail as the trees engulfed us into dappled darkness again. The afternoon light was quite refreshing, as the trees provided a sanctuary from the heated waves. "So what are you in for, Hazel?" Nica asked, inclining her head toward Hazel slightly as we walked. "You just made this place sound like a prison." I said, sighing. "Don't get me wrong. It's not like this camp is bad, but the drama here is pretty intense." "I'm here by choice actually. It's not a very interesting story. I just wanted to get out of my house for a while and do something." Hazel explains. "That's not too bad. You even chose to be here which is kind of unusual. I didn't last year." Nica says thoughtfully. "Oh, what happened?" I asked. "It's not worth talking about, to be honest. Just family. It's a little more serious than just a few house parties." "Oh really? Is everything alright?" Hazel asked. "Depends on your definition of 'alright'." Nica sighs. "If you think being sent here, because your own mother can't be- " She paused. "Doesn't matter. Anyway, back to the camp. It was pretty intense last year. You'll learn that there are a few cliques around here; like, the popular girls, the nerds . . . There are also the 'middle girls' as they called us last year. The ones that don't fit anywhere else. But the populars . . . ugh. If you've met Drew and that, you'll know what I'm talking about." "Yeah I think I know who you're talking about." I laughed. "We literally saw Barbie earlier on." Hazel muttered. Seeing my chance, I quickly asked Nica, "So, any advice on surviving here?" She instantly began to respond. "Basically, if fights break out, stay away from the whole situation. I got really hurt last year. I'm not getting into that stuff again. Just a warning: watch your back. You'll get into loads of trouble if you aren't careful. Some of the girls here are literally psychopaths. No kidding. Don't know who to trust? Don't trust anyone." "Wow." I said, taken aback. We finally arrived back at the car park as the noon sun began to slowly descend. "Okay. I'll go get the drinks out." Nica told us. "Then we should head back and get ready for the party." We nodded, and before the sun could set, rushed back just in time. "Looks like everyone's getting ready inside. Shall we leave the drinks and go in?" "Okay. I'm looking forward to this." Hazel says happily as she sets the drinks down on a chair and proceeds to go inside. We walked into the first room of the two story cabin and were greeted by the sight of all the girls gathered in front of Reyna. "Right, so, you're all here!" Reyna squealed excitedly. "I'm proud to present. . .Wolf Grove cabin! This is the main room as you can see. There's a dining area, TV, and a cute skylight too. Anyway, on to the next room! Follow me." Reyna beckoned us to the kitchen. "Oh, it's been renovated! This kitchen was a wreck last year." Nica whispered to us. "So! This is the kitchen. While we're here I should tell you all about food. You will all cook for yourselves unless we decide to work on a group meal together or something. That doesn't usually happen, because of allergy precautions and stuff. Now let's go to the bedroom so we can start preparing for the party!" Reyna says excitedly. Reyna then proceeded to lead us to the staircase as we went to the bedroom. As we arrived, everyone started breaking off into groups to prepare for the party. It was a large room, with several 'sections' that served as mini-rooms. Going to the closet in the corner of the mini-room that Nica, Penny, and I shared, I dragged out my trunk. Flipping open the top, I picked out a casual shirt and some jeans. Pulling on the one-sleeved shirt, I closed the trunk and slid it under the bed, glancing at Nica and Hazel. "So, what do you think?" Nica asked. She was wearing a white shirt that had a skull on it, with black leggings. "You look great." I replied smiling. Hazel joined us, and we made a little bit of small talk before the screech of a human banshee caused us to wince and turn around. "Oh. My. GOD! Look what you just did!" Drew shrieked. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to!" Reyna apologized fearfully. "It's not acceptable!" Drew screeched, enraged. Whirling around to face us she yelled, "Why are you all looking at me?!" "Maybe because you're picking on my friend who is also the camp leader. It's kind of pathetic." Nica said, eyes narrowed. "It's none of your business!" Drew retorted. "I'd better handle this Nica . . ." Reyna said. "It's my responsibility now. I know it's my first year but-" "So maybe that would explain why you are so inept." Drew sneered. "How else would you manage to stamp your muddy shoes all over my clean dress?!" Nica let out a frustrated sigh. "Are you picking on my friend just because of that? And here I was, thinking last year's bunch wasn't all that bright." "I'm not stupid!" Drew yelled. "Nica please . . . remember your promise." Reyna said quietly. "What, to stay out of the drama so she doesn't cry?" Leah taunted. "I think I'd be the LAST person in this room to cry, thank you very much." Nica retorted. "Seems like I touched a nerve there." Drew snarkily replied. "That's it!" Nica said, storming over to where Drew was. "Nica, PLEASE!" Reyna shouted worriedly. "Whatever, I'm done. The party's officially off. I don't want to be near ANY of you tonight. I'm going off to bed." And with that, Drew flipped her hair over her shoulder and slunk off into the bathroom.