couple doesn't? Honestly, I'm just sort of afraid that if we wait any longer one of us is going to die fighting some monster, or even pissing off some god or goddess. We've got lots of enemies." "Okay, I guess that's reason enough. But, first, I need to see the ring." Frederick had no idea what he was doing, but he might as well appear to not have made up his mind before Percy had even walked into the house, so that Percy didn't think he already loved him like a son. It was better to make him work a bit more, wasn't it? Besides, compared to Athena, he's easy. "That's not ready yet." Frederick raised his eyebrows, and Percy started talking, more nervously again. "Leo helped me design it, we're making it an imperial gold that can turn into a dagger just incase, because she's sorta been missing her dagger ever since she first lost it in—" Percy cleared his throat. "Anyway, then we actually have to get imperial gold from the Romans and/or Hazel, who's also going to get us a diamond, preferably not cursed, I asked my dad to get me two little pearls, since I can't get it myself or Annabeth will know—heck, she probably already does—and Tyson said he'd put it all together for me. Piper and Leo are working on the box. She said something like it having to look cool or else Annabeth would say no just to make me sweat or something. Personally I think it's all a bit much, but." Percy shrugged. "It's Annabeth, half the time I think she'd rather just get everything over and done with, the other half I think she expects this huge thing and I'll never be good enough. I figure might as well try for more and she'll either be satisfied or very happy." Percy frowned. "Or she'll get mad at me for making all my friends work to make the ring and everything…" "She'd love it." Frederick assured. "I'm sure she'll love it, no matter what. As long as it's from you, she'll take anything." Frederick frowned. "Well, anything that wasn't crap." He amended, and the two laughed. "How are you going to propose?" Now he was just curious, nothing else. "Oh… Well…" Percy blushed. "You know about Balloon Day?" "Balloon… What?" "Balloon Day. You know, the first time we met we did that thing with the balloons, and we've been doing it every summer since? I'm going to ask her to marry me on the balloon. Like, I'm going to write my speech on it. Or maybe just the question, depends on when she catches on." "You're not going to attach the ring on the balloon, are you?" "Should I?" "…No." "Okay then, I won't. I trust you know Annabeth as well as anyone else, probably better." "Then you're wrong. You probably know her better than I." "I don't count, Mr. Chase." Percy smiled. "But you do know Annabeth well. You raised her. Others may have helped, but it was you, really. Just because you two aren't as close as you would've liked doesn't mean you don't love each other and you don't care for each other or don't know each other. Annabeth loves you, Mr. Chase. Don't forget that." "Thank you. Yes, I… Maybe we should see each other again, catch up." "I can pass the message, if you want." "But then she'll know you were here and she'll wonder why." Frederick frowned. "No, it's not like I can't contact her. I'll do it myself." He looked up again, smiled. "As long as I'm invited to the wedding, you have my blessing, Percy Jackson." He said. "Thank you, sir." Percy stood up, and Frederick followed. "Now I've got to go, I told Annabeth I was running and errand, so I actually have to go show I was actually successful or she'll get suspicious. Knowing Annabeth, she already knows." Percy shrugged. "Nice seeing you again, Mr. Chase, and thanks for you blessing." "Of course." They shook hands, and Frederick led Percy out of the room. Percy showed him a video a few months after; Annabeth was laughing behind the camera and Percy was pouting, telling her that 'that's not fair you're not allowed to do that that's my line!' before the camera zoomed in on their balloons, one silver one and a blue one, both of which had 'Will you marry me?" in big letters. A hand—Annabeth's—reached over and wrote with a sharpie 'yes.' on both balloons. The camera followed the balloons as they were released into the sky, and finally Frederick understood Sally's sentence as he watched them circle each other, rising higher and higher into the atmosphere, these pearly, sun-kissed balloons of silver and blue winking and disappearing into the cloud-plumed sky. It was sort of bittersweet, seeing those balloons go. It was as if, without knowing it, he'd let go of his daughter and watched, still standing rooted to the ground, as she rose higher and higher, someone else as her lifelong companion, until finally she rose too high for him to follow and he couldn't stay there any longer, he couldn't wait for her to come down, when he knew she never would. He'd just have to trust that her husband could take care of her in the way that he himself never could. I was half-way through when I had this thing where I was like, hey, this is sort of like watching someone drift away from you, the balloons symbolise other people and you're still on the ground and then I HAD to do Frederick's POV instead of just Sally, Percy, and Annabeth the way I'd originally planned it, but then I was stuck because Frederick doesn't matter so what scenes would I do? So these last two aren't really balloon scenes. Obviously. But whatever, I think it's nice. Tell me what you think, Constructive Criticism is always the best form of... criticism... okay I meant... Review?