He sighed irritably, no doubt running his hands through his hair that was in desperate need of a trimming. "I-" I sighed. "Fine, Percy." He whooped victoriously and I shook my head smiling slightly. What would I ever do without this boy? I walked out the door, not bothering to say goodbye to anyone or tell them where I was going. They wouldn't care anyway. I shivered in the cool Spring air as my dress lifted in the breeze. I pushed my arms down by my side, gripping the edges of the dress. I shivered again when the cool breeze hit me and I pulled my cardigan closer to me. I stood there, only having to wait for a few minutes, before Percy came driving up, his dark, navy blue Prius, glinting in the remaining moonlight. He opened the door and smiled at me as he stepped out. He took long strides up the steps to my house before taking off his blazer and draping it across my shoulders. "M'lady," he offered his elbow and I placed my hand on it. He chuckled and I struggled to contain my laughter. He walked me to the passenger side of the car and opened the door, giving a dramatic bow. I mimicked a posh, English accent, "Why, thank you, my good sir." He closed the door and, as he passed the front of the car, I couldn't help but stare at him. When the door opened again, Percy gave a loud sigh. "You think she's still watching?" I shrugged, "Probably." He began driving and the ride started out silent- well, mostly silent. But it was a comfortable mostly silence. Percy drummed his fingers against his knees, and then bounced his leg up and down, alternating between the two. I did the same, humming under my breath, or just wiggling my toes inside my flats. I began thinking back to the beginning of our friendship. I smiled at the first time he ever called me 'Snooty Schnookums' and wondered how he got to be so 'snooty'. "Hey, Perce," I said softly. "Yeah, Wise Girl?" I fidgeted in my seat. "This might be uncomfortable to talk about for you, but I've been wondering how you afforded a house like yours. I mean, Sally's a writer and Paul's a teacher, and you… you don't have a job." I laughed a little, but he didn't, so my laughter died down quickly. "My… my real dad died. Out in the ocean. He was in the Navy, or so my mom tells me. She remarried this guy, Smelly Gabe, I called him." I smiled to myself. That sounds like my Percy, all right. "And he was a cop, but he was always drunk and used all my mom's money… and he was… abusive. I guess one day I just had enough," his voice cracked and so did my heart, "I called the cops on him. I called the cops on a cop, ironic huh, and, it turns out, he was a fraud. They researched into his background and found he was… like, I dunno, a wanted guy or whatever. Reward money and stuff was given, compensation or whatever, and then… I'm not sure. Our financial situation got better, she met Paul at the student-teacher conferences at Goode… We moved here after they got married… and stuff. We bought a nice house with the money and our savings and… uh, here we are." Even if it hadn't been the most eloquently spoken speech, the way he spoke, his eyes focused on the road ahead, looking much duller than usual, looking slightly misty, the slight downturn of his mouth, the way he slouched and how his voice cracked when he told the story… "Oh, Perce," I leaned over and gave him a hug. "I'm sorry for asking." He brought one hand over and wrapped it around me, driving with one hand on the steering wheel. "It's fine, Schnookums. I''m glad I told you." "I'm glad you told me too." We just sat there for a bit before I realized we weren't going anywhere. "Why'd we stop?" I looked up at him to find him grinning down at me. "We're here." So, it may not have been the perfect date. He tried to do the Lady and the Tramp spaghetti thing with me, but we'd had different noodles in our mouths, so his eyebrow wiggling was for nothing. We talked about this, and we talked about that, and so while it may not have been perfect, (I punched the waiter when I was talking with hand gestures describing the buildings I wanted to make, which resulted in Percy laughing and then choking on his cherry coke died blue) it was the best date I could ever ask for. But, according to Percy, it wasn't over yet. When he dropped me off in front of my porch that night, opening my door and walking me up the steps like the gentleman he was, he leaned in, and whispered, "Be my real girlfriend." Of course, I said yes. And then we kissed under the stars, like we were the only ones alive and, for a moment, nothing else mattered. An asteroid could have hit the planet and wiped out all life, and I wouldn't have cared. This boy was mine, and I was his. And one day, just like he'd promised the first day we met, I'd become his official snooty schnookums. And I did. How'd you like that quote from Uncle Rick? Nice, right? My second fanfiction on this webstie and I'm so happy! Anyway, check out my first fanfic, the Thaluke one! For now this shall be marked as complete, but, one day, I might write up the proposal..? Maybe! ~ KianajLau/Unknown Fan! out! Written July 2 and 3 of 2017 (July 14 added ' official ' before snooty schnookums at the end to make it clearer... Yeah... And I love how many readers I have! Love you all so much!)