promised torture and suffering beyond belief. "If I wanted you alive, you would remain alive. I am your KING, worm!" Kronus spat at Krios before stomping on his face, over and over. "You will do as I say! You will obey! You w ill obey! YOU WILL OBEY! " Kronus form seemed to be shifting again, drawing in the bits of Krios he was smashing apart, and pulling them into the unformed, swirling masses of Kronus. Krios tried to cry out, reaching up towards Hyperion, but Kronus was merciless in his assault. When he was done, there was nothing left of Krios. Kronus had just killed a Titan. The whole world was on fire. Everything within sight was burning and dying, and she was at the heart of it all. Lightning flashed around her, but it wasn't her lightning, it was her fathers. You cannot stop me, little demigod The voice came from her father's mouth, but it was definitely Kronus speaking. She wanted to rip out her brains to stop from hearing him, it was so horrible. As it was, she was clawing at her ears. Your world will burn, and your friends will die. I will swallow Hope, and bury Love! I will rain vengeance on you, the seaspawn, and all of the pathetic Olympian brats who have dared defy me! I have returned! "Thalia! Stop!" Thalia woke with a start, bolting upright and breathing incredibly fast. What she saw both horrified, and comforted her. There was Annabeth, her little hand holding out a few cubes of ambrosia. Thalia took them, hungrily shoving them into her mouth. She started choking a bit, not even noticing how dry her throat had been, before Annabeth handed her the glass of nectar, complete with colorful bendy straw. Normally, this would have all been okay. Sitting here in the infirmary, next to Annabeth? Not exactly something that would shock her, no pun intended. However, that little hand, belonged to a little Annabeth. In front of her wasn't the battle hardened warrior that she had known for the past few years. It was the little girl she had lived with and traveled with, eventually sacrificing herself for on the hill overlooking Camp Half Blood. Annabeth was looking at her with tears in her eyes. "You're really back… Oh gods Thalia you're really really back!" She jumped on her, then, embracing her like a long lost sister. It all felt so strange. Part of Thalia was irrationally happy to see Annabeth, and the other part had just seen her a few hours ago. "Annabeth, it's so good to see you too, but first I need to ask you". Her tone turned serious, and Annabeth pulled back a bit to look her in the eyes, "There was a man with me, before. He has black hair and-", Annabeth pointed to the corner of the room, to a curtained off area Thalia hadn't noticed in her panic. "He was there with you," Annabeth said. "Apparently Chiron knows him well, but I can't get a read on him. He's been in and out of conciseness these past two weeks, and he always looks at me like I'm dead or something. Sometimes he even cries, and whispers my name in his sleep. It's creepy." Thalia was nodding her head, listening, but then something Annabeth said caught her attention. "Wait, two weeks!? We've been out for a whole two weeks!?" Thalias eyes had gone wide, and she tried to climb out of bed. Too hastily, it seemed, as she fell to the floor. "Thalia! You've got to be careful! We still don't even know what's wrong with you!" Annabeth pleaded with her, to no avail. "Listen Annabeth, you don't understand what's going on right now, I get that. Things are happening fast and it's confusing, but right now, I need you to do me a solid and go grab Chiron. This is important." Annabeth looked at her with longing, like she was being asked to leave her sick mother alone. She quickly regained herself, though, and wiped her tears on the sleeve of her Camp Half Blood Tee. "I'll be right back, okay?" She called behind her, as she sprinted out of the infirmary. "Don't go anywhere!" With her gone, Thalia limped over to where Percy was, having to grab hold of other beds to keep herself upright. As she pulled back the curtain, she had to hold back tears. Percy lay there, a small blue blanket coming up to his waist, and almost every visible part of his body covered in bandages. She sat in the lawn chair that was beside his bed, lightly running her fingers through his hair. "What are we gunna do, Percy? This is insane… This can't actually be happening, right? This has to be some trick of the mist or… Anything…" she trailed off, not really believing anything she was saying. This was for real. Somehow, they had both gone into the past. "Thalia…" Percy mumbled, still sounding tired, but otherwise fine. "Hey, Kelp-head…" She retorted, half-heartedly, offering a weak smile. "You saw?" was all he said, but she knew what he meant. It would be the only thing he'd care about for some time, she was sure. The pain was unimaginable. "I did… She's here, but she's not…" She couldn't bring herself to finish. It was painful for her too. Everything was going to be different. Thalia could no longer stop the tears from falling, her teeth clenching together as she sobbed harder than she had in years. Her best friend was essentially dead, but she'd still see her every day. "I can't, Thalia… Not like this…" And then he started sobbing, too. Thalia took his head in her hands, and held him close to her. After a moment, he wrapped his arms around her, letting her catch his tears, as hers fell into his hair. Nearly everyone they loved was alive and well, and none of them knew who they were.