control them or something. She seemed to be quite at home in the country… even if it did mean losing her hair at lunch time to a fussy Penelope. To her left sat a Greek looking boy with shaggy black hair and sad grey eyes. He had a cuff bracelet on his right wrist and wore a wolf pendant around his neck along with something that he kept hidden under his shirt. He was also the one who liked to stare at me and seemed to always position himself so that I was always in his vision. But today he seemed distracted about something, almost like he was in pain. Next to him was a tall, athletic blonde dude I swear was older than what he claimed he was. I also got the feeling that he and I had some kind of family resemblance, but I couldn't figure out how. Not to mention the scary resemblance to our music teacher, Mr Pyrrhus. In any case, he seemed to be worried about the grey eyed one. And, probably not for the first time, I got the feeling that those three knew each other from somewhere. Last but not least, there was Tristan. Tristan was a quiet boy, usually. He had brown hair and hazel eyes. And I noticed that he was having a hard time keeping his eyes off the new girl. This time, however, he was having a hard time keeping his mouth shut as well as his eyes away. Don't worry. He doesn't have any problems that we know of that lead to him needing to be quietened. Lance had just finished explaining the latest craze in the world inhabited solely by Chaplin. Chaplin was almost as smart as Jayden… which wasn't very smart. But I had a nagging feeling about the new kids, like I was one of them somehow but needed to stay away from them. " Who are you again?" I asked them, earning a sigh from Penelope as she finally let the girl's hair go. " Nicky, Nicky, Nicky. What are we going to do with you?" She said, a small smile gracing her makeup coated lips. " Come on, Penny. Leave him alone. He's getting better." Keoni replied, defending me. Though, I had a feeling that it wasn't going to last long. " Yeah!" I agreed, having forgotten my earlier question. " It just takes him a few months." What did I tell you? " That means you should take it easy on him, too." Lance said, punching his brother lightly in the arm. " Why?" Keoni asked. " Because…" And that's where the brothers went into a full length argument about whether or not people should 'take it easy on me'. Considering this happened on a regular basis, Penelope, Tristan and I just tuned it out. The new kids just watched in amusement. Apparently, this was a common appearance where they came from because the blonde haired dude was trying to stop himself from laughing. The grey-eyed one, though, seemed to be on the verge of tears for some reason and the girl was comforting him. I figured maybe they were an item or something. " Gods, this reminds me of Kayla and Austin." The blonde dude whispered. At least, I thought he said 'gods'. " 'Gods'?" I questioned. He paled almost instantly. I guess he really did say 'gods'. But why would he plural the word? There's only one God… isn't there? I pushed the thought out of my mind as Lance and Keoni stopped trying to get the better of one another (they had resorted to wrestling in order to sort out the argument). And the fact that they looked guilty led me to believe that Penelope had something to do with stopping them. True to his nature, Tristan had stayed quiet. But he did, however, seem to have his priorities straight. " So, to jog Dominic's memory, who are you three again?" He said. " I'm Katyana Rose." The girl said, pointing to herself. " And this is Lee Harvey-King and Will Solace." She pointed to her two companions as she said their names. That's right. Lee was the one who came out with the words 'you look just like him' when we first met yesterday morning. That was freaky in itself. But he had said the word 'him' to me just like I say the word 'him' to my grandparents. I got the feeling that we were both talking about the same guy because I figured that no one else could look just like me other than him. And the way Will had been looking at me at first, I was almost sure that he was going to burst out with the same words or something like that. I'm telling you now, if he had of, I would have decked him. I would have said something, but Lee's left arm began twitching. All focus was instantly turned on him as Will started muttering something in his ear. Unfortunately, whatever Will was saying wasn't helping because Lee fell into a fit. I'm ashamed to say that I stood up and ran into the school building, up the stairs to the second floor and curled up in front of the music room. My wolf dreams had always started with a boy, much like Lee, having a fit and the wolf erupting from the body of its first victim. I wasn't keen on having that dream come true. Unfortunately for me, the empty hallways echoed any noise that it encased. And the staircase was like a perfect tunnel. If something happened upstairs, everyone downstairs would hear it and vice versa. It also made things sound distorted, especially when you're trying to hide yourself from everyone (like something happening upstairs when it's actually happening down stairs). So it was that I began freaking out and pressing myself closer against the wall when I heard the sounds of footsteps and people calling my name.