He twitched, eyes wide and lips stressed in comical irritation before he looked to the sky and muttered something in Spanish under his breath—which was probably the English equivalent to, Fiiiine. Then without warning, he scurried to Mitchell's side and swung an arm over the taller boy's shoulder. Or tried to—before grabbing Mitchell by the wrist and dragging him back to the store. "Wait—" Mitchell frowned. "What are they going to do with him?" "Oh, ask a few questions, maybe crack open a beer and then share a drink over how moronic Jay can be." The shorter boy waved his hand dismissively and rolled his eyes. Of course—Nico didn't overlook how familiarly and affectionately the new stranger referred to Jason. "As my late Grandpa Sammy would say: 'If a Valdez—by obviously rare chance—can't fix it, then go back into the store and see if they restocked the Fruit Roll-Ups.'" "Did he really say that?" "It changes from generation-to-generation." Rolling his eyes, the boy saluted his friends and returned inside with Mitchell in tow. "Peace out, Scary Pretty Girls." Mitchell tightened the scarf over his neck, looked over his shoulder, and mouthed Help! to his otherwise preoccupied best friend. Nico groaned. And as soon as Mitchell was out of his—their—their peripheral, Nico found himself against the wall. Not forcefully —but still with enough discomfort that made Nico want to get out of there. Like, now. To his surprise, Feral Eyes only sighed. She glared up in the air, fists trembling, before sucking in a breath and relaxing. Then, she pulled out a wallet from her back pocket and two ID pictures. One with her and one with Jason. "My name is Thalia Grace. And I'm assuming you met my brother, Jason, because your clothes reek of him." "That's assuming that you and I are talking about the right Jason," Nico responded tersely. He glared at her and readjusted his hoodie and self. The realization hit him—and he pressed a hand to his face. It was coincidently the same hoodie he wore when Jason's hands were all over the place last week. "Judging from the way you're smacking yourself, I'm going to conclude that we are. " This Thalia's wryness and immediate air of wit made Nico think of himself. And just a little bit of Percy—which failed to make him feel any better. "Look, he's a little bit taller than I am and has this scar on his lip from the time he tried to eat a stapler. Can't be too hard to miss." "You two look nothing like," Nico snapped back in irritation. "And he did what ?" "He was two." To his surprise, Thalia retracted her grip, gaze wistful. She sighed softly and ran a hand through her hair. Her demeanor was akin to every single one Nico had until he and Hazel came to terms with Bianca's death. She… did have cold fingers, like Jason did. Nico relinquished a sigh. "You look a lot better off than he did." The last thing he expected was a smile over the face of a girl who was close to killing him five minutes ago. This Thalia Grace snorted and rolled her eyes. She took two steps back so Nico could finally breathe and placed the cap over her head again. "That's because that idiot has it in his mind that self-sacrificing is the only way he can live. The way Jace feeds on coconut milk and mineral powder—I could puke." Okay then. Nico knew her for all of ten minutes and already they were on the same page. The other dark-hooded girl pulled the hood away from her head. She had a different skin pigment than the other two—a soft complexion that was on the lighter scale for bronze—and glossy black hair that was exquisitely pulled into a braid down her shoulder. Clothes aside, Nico couldn't help thinking she looked like she belonged to royalty. "What did he look like when you saw him?" He decided to omit the fact that he was studying in the medical field. Instead, Nico stuffed his hands in the hoodie that Thalia was too interested in and shrugged. "Don't lie," the same girl said sharply. Like reading his mind. "He looked bad," he confessed reluctantly. "And then good. I mean—it was out here, actually, that I ran into him. He could barely walk until I got him some food and that coconut milk." Nico wanted to reason that the mysterious Walgreens Hobo was just insanely hungry, but he knew that the math didn't add up with that explanation. "Well he can't survive on that long." The third girl frowned and Nico suddenly felt dizzy. Her voice mixed with something else as sweet as honey in his ear, heart jumping like it wanted to leap right out of his chest. "His blood lust is probably killing him." What? The royal-looking one sighed. "He's an idiot, Thalia. Your brother." "Don't have to tell me twice," Thalia muttered. "I'm going to kill him when I find him. Then I'm going to convince him to find a blood partner already and kill him all over again." She scrutinized Nico carefully from head to toe before her face scrunched. "I'm surprised he didn't just ask you . Jason always was weird, but I guess you're pretty cute." Impulse got the better of him, and Nico eyed her back. He didn't know why—it just felt like the right thing to do. "I ran into him twice. The last time was last week, and I haven't seen him since. What do you mean by blood partner? " Nico wasn't sure how to feel about Walgreens Hobo's supposed sister calling the aforementioned party a hemophiliac. On one hand, cool, blood was an interesting topic, and on the other, wow there was something that happened outside of Twilight fanfiction and other teen novels. "Huh." Thalia gave him another onceover, and Nico had the impression she was sizing him up. "Jason's a vampire." -x-