He's pointing out fish and coral, even finding a piece of sea glass that has a perfect circle in the middle of it. She slips that onto her leather necklace, along with the fourteen other beads and her father's class ring. He's in the process of coaxing a pearl out of a clam when she sees it. "Percy…" The tone is endearing and yet also exasperated, one that clearly says of course, this is such a Percy thing to do, I should have known better . He knows she's found it before he even looks at where she's pointing. "Huh." He tries to look surprise or even confused, because obviously he had wanted a gasp or a look of joy on her face, not a sigh and a small smile. He wills the bubble towards the spot she's looking at, where an open clam is sitting with a ring in its mouth. "Percy, I know that's a ring." Annabeth says in a flat voice. "And I know it's an engagement ring, and this is your way of proposing." Percy contemplates just letting the panicking side of him take over and just run. Then, because he's Percy and she's Annabeth and that's the way they work, he just says, "Well, sorry, but I thought it was pretty smart. And I had a whole speech prepared and everything, Annabeth, you ruined it!" "No you don't." "Okay, I don't, but I was going to say something, about how much I love you and everything like that…" He trails off as Annabeth grins and rolls her eyes. "Only you, Percy, only you." She mutters and wraps her arms around his neck, kissing him hard. "Wait." Percy pulls away. "I still need to ask you: will you marry me?" "Obviously, Seaweed Brain, we might as well be married already!" Annabeth places another kiss on his lips, this time light and chaste. "Oh, then you don't want the ring?" Percy challenges. "No no!" Annabeth responds too quickly, and flushes. Percy smirks. "So you do care about engagement and weddings, don't you?" He teases. Annabeth scowls and slaps his arm. "Of course I care about making our relationship official and permanent." She says. "I love you." He smiles, but doesn't say anything, only slips the ring onto her finger. Birthday "Come on, Percy!" Annabeth insists. They're in his cabin, getting ready to go. "We should go out! The Stolls, Rachel, and even Clarisse and Chris are waiting to celebrate your birthday with you!" "But I wanna stay in." Percy nuzzles his face into her neck. "The Stolls and Rachel scare me." "Percy." Annabeth warns. "But it's our anniversary, and we just got engaged!" Percy protests, his lips touching her ear as he speaks in a low voice. "Let's just stay home." "As tempting as that sounds, Seaweed Brain, we can't. It's your 21st birthday! We just got engaged! Let's celebrate! Get your first legal drink!" "You mean my first drink without my parents?" Percy inquired dryly. Annabeth glared at him :How about we just go out later?" He suggested. "We'd never leave." "Exactly." "They'll drag us out." "Not if we put a sock on the door." The smirk and wink almost brings the desired blush onto Annabeth's face, but she'll have none of that right now. "No." "But Annabeth…" "Percy, I wanna go out as much as you do, but we need to do this." "Why do we need to do this?" "Same reason we why need to get engaged. Society dictates that it needs to be done." "Well you were against getting engaged, and I'm against gong out drinking." "I agreed to get engaged, didn't I?" "That's different." "Come on, Seaweed Brain, I planned this! I spent time looking or good bars—" "Or asked the Stolls and Rachel—" "And asking the right people over and what drinks you should have, everything!" "And I appreciate the effort, but I'm perfectly fine just staying in!" He leans his face close to hers again. "Wouldn't you rather that?" He whispers into her ear. To his satisfaction, he feels her shiver. "Percy, we have to go. Might as well get it over with." She tries to sound firm, but there's a waver in her voice. Percy grins triumphantly before placing butterfly kisses up and down her neck. "I can think of better things we can do with our time." His lips against her collarbone, he opens his mouth and sucks. She moans. He moves to her mouth. He can feel her resolve crumbling with every kiss, see how she collapses into him, and he can tell she's secretly glad that they're not going out, that she can just stay in with him and have a good excuse for it. Her hands, which he suspects are moving of their own accord, are slowly making their journey upward with the sole purpose of removing his shirt. His own hands are moving around her body too, and they continue to kiss. Obviously, because the gods are probably watching this and want as much entertainment as possible (and hopefully don't really want to see them have sex), Connor picks the lock and opens the door. He doesn't remember all that much of the rest of the evening, just Nico getting arrested and Annabeth looking hot when she drinks, and dancing and kissing and passing out. He suspects the next day that the Stolls put something in his first drink to make him so drunk, because there's no way, with all Annabeth's calculations, that he was meant to be so wasted. He decides never to go drinking again. Next time, they're barricading the door and staying in. Uh... I've never gone drinking, so I thought it'd be weird if I wrote about it... I get that it's a bit OOC of Percy to not want to go out, but let's just say that it's because today has been a very taxing day and he just wants to spend some time with his new fiancé. Review!