As soon as they got there, Travis was ordered to sit down by his rather determined little girl as she made her way to the counter. Althea could only just see the other side of the counter if she went on her tiptoes. The elder Stoll offered to help her order, but Althea had forced him to go back at sit down. The teenage girl at the register, Tessa, watched the whole scene, bemused by the fierce little girl in front of her. She'd seen the pair many times before and she was captivated at the way that Travis loved his daughter and vice versa. "Hey there, what can I get you?" she asked Althea, who had placed her piggy bank on the counter. Althea thought for a moment, trying to remember what her daddy's favourite drink was. "One hot chocolate and one coffee that's black with the frothy stuff on top," Althea began, not quite knowing what her dad's favourite drink was called. Thankfully, the server had seen Travis enough times to remember his usual order. "Anything else with that?" Tessa asked. Althea thought long and hard. She wanted to treat her daddy and show him how much she loved him, because he was her favourite person in the whole wide world. She stared at the desserts for a while, but had no idea what to choose. "Well, I want to get my daddy something special because it's Valentines day," Althea explained and Tessa's heart melted. This girl was so precious and so rare. She'd never seen any girl love their dad the way that this girl did. It wasn't even in this moment, but other times when they'd come into the cafe and Althea would be clutching onto Travis' hand or whispering something into his ear. Tessa would see her eyes widen with excitement and wonder whenever Travis opened his mouth and it was obvious to everyone that his daughter absolutely adored him. "What about a chocolate brownie and some blueberry cheesecake?" Tessa suggested. Althea nodded, happy with the suggestion. "How much will that be?" asked Althea as she grabbed her piggy bank and tried to pry open the bottom. Tessa didn't have the heart to charge the little girl with anything. After all, it was Valentines day and Tessa wanted to help make this family's night special "I'll sort it out, don't worry," Tessa smiled down at her, making a mental note to pay for the meal later. Althea smiled back and said her thank yous before making her way back to where her father was sitting. Instead of sitting on the seat across from her dad, she climbed back onto his lap. "I missed you," Travis murmured as he planted a kiss on the top of her forehead. Althea snuggled into her father, loving how protected and loved she felt. The little girl let herself be snuggled until the food arrived. Travis was stunned at his daughter's love. If anything, it was supposed to be him treating her out, not the other way round. He looked down at his daughter as a wave of emotion threatened to send him into tears again. He had no idea how he had gotten so lucky. Sure, Katie had left him, but he had gained the most beautiful girl in return. Althea was bright, cheeky, witty, kind – everything Travis had dreamed of in a daughter and so much more. He never knew that he could love someone as fiercely as he loved his looked up and saw the tears that were brimming in her father's eyes and the wrong idea. Panicked, she reached up to wipe them away, almost poking his eyes out in the process. "No daddy, you're supposed to be happy," she cried out, almost on the verge of tears herself. Althea wanted her dad to feel better, not worse. Travis chuckled a little as he gently grabbed his daughter's wrists and pulled them away from his face. "I am happy baby," Travis began, smiling down at her, placing a quick kiss on her cheek. Immediately, Althea's face brightened. Her plan had worked! "I wanted to treat you daddy," Althea started to say as she pushed the chocolate brownie into her dad's mouth. "Because you're really loving and kind, and you're the best daddy in the whole world. I don't like it when you're sad so I wanted to take you somewhere that would make you happy. Especially because it's Valentines day." As Travis chewed on the brownie, his heartstrings tugged at the sound of his daughters. His biggest goal in life was to be the best father to Althea that he could possibly be. Most of the time, he didn't really have any idea what he was doing, but boy did he try his best. This little girl sitting on his lap had turned his life upside down since the moment he knew about her existence. When he was growing up, he thought he was going to be a rich, married man with no kids, who travelled the world and kicked monster butt. Instead, he was a single father, who worked a 9-5 job and lived in a semi-crappy apartment in a small town. "This is the best Valentines day ever Al, thank you," he told his daughter with as much sincerity as he could muster as his voice was threatening to crack with emotion. Althea squealed with happiness, obviously chuffed with herself. Unexpectedly, she threw her arms around her father's neck – so fiercely that he almost fell off the chair. Once the initial surprise wore off, he gentled wrapped his arms around his perfect girl. Sure, it wasn't how he thought he'd ever spend his Valentines. But he wouldn't of had it any other way. A/N: Let me know what you think of the story! Here are the links to the other Althea + Travis stories. The Healing of Travis Stoll: s/7382706/1/The-Healing-Of-Travis-Stoll The Dangers of Starting Over and Moving On: s/7670527/1/The-Dangers-of-Starting-Over-and-Moving-On The Wishlist: s/7637125/1/The-Wish-List