if he should be relishing the thought. "No one takes me seriously at the other camp. Especially not him." It takes Jason a second to realize that they're discussing him. "We had a fight last night," Roman Nico confesses. His cheeks waver a slight pink over the comment and his hands fumble together. "I told him how he's less than Roman and even less than a person because he's no longer a legionnaire." Yeah. That hurt. "And he—he was trying to tell me that he's honestly happier this way!" Nico tosses his hands in the air, gets lost in his own frustration, and he shakes his head in disapproval along with it. " Him! Jason Grace, my hero , was miserable at being—at being a hero !" Jason sucks the inside of his mouth and folds his arms together. His chest tingles, but he doesn't know if it's because the declaration flatters him or if it makes him even more nauseous. ""Yeah," Hazel says, "I didn't like him too much for a while. He didn't trust you." It breaks Jason's heart as he watches Roman Nico's eyebrows furrow together and lips contort in a frown. Roman Nico honestly looks hurt at the new piece of information, like it physically ripped him apart before he taps his hands into his knees and stare at the ground. "Why?" Roman Nico asks, and it's the quietest he's been since they met him. "It was when we were at war two years ago," Hazel explains. She seems to sense the uncertainty and brokenness of his voice. "He…well, Juno put Percy in Camp Jupiter and Jason in Camp Halfblood, and our Nico at the time was the only one who knew that two camps existed. But there was a gap of time between finding Jason and Percy. Eight months, I think. Everyone was frustrated because it would have saved a lot of time if he just led us there, so then people wondered if he was on Gaea's side instead of ours." "I would never turn my back on my friends!" Roman Nico hisses. He stands to his feet and throws his hands in the air. Hazel doesn't even blink. She reluctantly signs again. "Yeah, but you and my brother…you're different. Very different." " How?" Roman Nico sounds legitimately offended at the idea of ever betraying his Jason's trust. His hands shake and he knots them into fists before pacing about the small space. "You trust more than he does. It took a long time before my brother realized that he didn't have to run away from everything that came his way. Sometimes he still gets like that and thinks the only way to solve problems is if he does it himself. Nico—" Hazel stands up too when she sense that Nico isn't going to calm down. "—I'm not saying that my brother is bad. He's good, but sometimes people look at him for being the Son of Death and think that he's evil when he's not. I think he has to remind himself sometimes that he isn't all that bad." She curls her hands over his shoulders gently but they still quake beneath her grip. Roman Nico is pale—not as pale as their Nico, but shaken by the thought. He stares at her, gaze tense. "I would never betray you." "I know." Hazel sighs quietly. "You're my sister," Roman Nico says. He then reaffirms, "I would never betray you." A smile curls against Hazel's lips. It spreads until it stretches from cheek-to-cheek and she stares at Roman Nico, teary-eyed, and stands to the tips of her toes to throw her arms around him. Roman Nico hugs her back and softly chuckles against her hair. "You didn't think otherwise, did you?" "No," Hazel frankly replies, "well—yes, maybe." She sniffles a little through her tears and wipes them off her face. To both Jason and her surprise, Roman Nico smiles and wipes off a salty bead as it dribbles down her cheek. "I just—I thought that I could never be the same way that…th-that Bianca is to you." "You can't." Roman Nico frowns. "Bianca is Bianca. But—you're you. I can't compare the both of you. That's not fair to anyone." Hazel struggles as she sighs and wipes the tears from her eyes. "But I like you like a sister as much as I like her. I'm gonna try and find a way to get my you out of the Underworld," Roman Nico says. "I promise." She hiccups and smiles through her tears—some that Jason knows their Nico has always tried hard to keep from falling. Because in any and every universe , Nico di Angelo loves Hazel Levesque. -x- Author's Note: i.) Siamo Nei Guai is Italian for "We're in Trouble," and if you haven't already figured it out we're gonna see Roman!Nico be a lil shit while Greek!Nico gets to be a child for a while. :D ii.) "Ti voglio bene tanto." translates to I love you so much. I know the more common variation would be "Ti amo," but after doing some research, Ti amo is mostly said between lovers while Ti voglio bene tanto is said between family. To any Italian speakers, please let me know and I'll correct it!3 iii.) This story was inspired by tumblr user Minuiko's drawing of Roman!Nico! (there's a link on my profile of it!) I wanted to write a story where we had Roman!Nico as the hero, but there are a lot of factors that could be different for Roman!Nico and I wasn't sure how to go about it without him seemingly OOC. As you can see, he foils Greek!Nico a lot, haha, so I can't wait for you guys to see how they interact. iv.) If you guys like the story so far, I'm actually debating on writing a full Romanverse story, so please let me know! :D v.) Thanks for reading and I look forward to your opinions throughout the story! Comments would be lovely!