car for her clothes, but Percy didn't bother to check up on her. It was nice to have some peace and quiet devoid of militant sarcasm. Suddenly he saw Annabeth run past him clad only in her underwear as she yelled and jumped into the lake water. Percy propped himself up on his elbows and stared incredulously at her. Annabeth was splashing around in the water, making all sorts of commotion. Thankfully, there wasn't anyone else on the beach on a Thursday night. "What are you doing?" Percy yelled. "Get out of there! Are you crazy?" "I'm just enjoying the water, killjoy. Come over here, it's not as cold as it looks," Annabeth yelled back. "I don't have a swimsuit with me," Percy protested. "Just wear your boxers, geez," Annabeth huffed. Percy pondered silently as Annabeth continued to splash around in the water carelessly. It wasn't that he wouldn't mind stripping down to his underwear when around a lake, well that was a lie, he would. It was all the more exacerbated by the fact that he was with a girl. Annabeth, for her part, didn't seem to care in the slightest that she was clad only in a bra and panties. For a seventeen year old girl, Annabeth wasn't exactly the shy and cowering type, Percy figured. Still despite his insecurity, he felt the water tempting him. He'd run away to feel free, so why was he constraining himself now, he wondered. Resolved, Percy stood up and chucked his clothes behind and ran into the water after Annabeth. "God, it's so cold! We're going to freeze," Percy said, his teeth chattering. "You're such a baby! It's not that bad," Annabeth said. "Besides, something tells me that you're a swimmer, so I'm pretty sure you're used to swimming in cold water." "What makes you think that?" Percy asked with an upturned eyebrow. "Just a guess," Annabeth muttered, her cheeks turning slightly pink. Percy found himself grinning at her reaction. "I'm calling BS. Come on, spill. Was it my sexy bod?" he joked. Annabeth snorted. "As if," she said. "Then what?" Percy prodded. He wasn't about to let her off the hook that easily. Annabeth groaned and put her hand on her forehead to look exasperated for effect. "God, you're annoying. I just noticed your arms while you were driving, and they seemed like swimmer arms," she spluttered. "Were you ogling me?" Percy teased. At this, Annabeth blushed even deeper before giving him a defiant look. "Maybe. You got a problem with that?" she challenged. "Nope," Percy laughed. He couldn't believe that he was flirting with a girl that he'd found literally on the side of the road. Up until now, he had somehow ignored the fact that Annabeth was wearing only lingerie, but he quickly became aware of it. "Uh, Annabeth, you're in your underwear," he whispered. She narrowed her eyes at him. "Are you ogling me?" she mimicked. "Uh, maybe?" Percy replied truthfully. "Remember what I said in the car, Jackson. I won't hesitate to kick your ass if you try something," she said. Percy raised his hands in surrender. "Not trying anything, nope," he assured her. She cocked her head to the side. "Isn't cold water supposed to help with this sort of thing?" she mused aloud. "'Supposed to' being the operative phrase here, I think," Percy replied. "It's kinda hard when there's a half-naked girl right in front of you when you're an eighteen year old boy, you know?" Annabeth laughed before turning serious. A sad expression crossed her face, but Percy couldn't have been sure in the darkness. "I have a boyfriend," she said quietly. "Oh," Percy said stupidly. "Yeah," Annabeth said, shifting slightly. There was an awkward pause before she spoke again. "I'm, uh, going to get out of the water and dry off." "Okay," Percy said, stupidly again. He cursed himself for making the situation so awkward, but in a sense he also felt relieved. He wasn't about to start developing a relationship with a girl that he just met. It would be better if they just remained friends, he decided. The fact that she had a boyfriend helped him shove all wayward thoughts about her aside. He floated on his back, staring up at the sky, giving himself time away from Annabeth. He didn't want to make this thing awkward. That would make this entire trip painfully tense. Eventually, he too left the water to go dry off. When he walked back to his sleeping bag, it looked like Annabeth was already asleep. He didn't know whether to feel nervous or grateful as he sat down. With a yawn, he laid on his back and listened to the stillness around him for a while. He could hear small waves from the lake lapping against the coarse shoreline. The beach had more pebbles than it did sand, much to his chagrin. "Hey, Percy, are you awake?" "Yeah." "Oh." Silence. "Uh, thanks for giving me a ride and stuff. I realized I never said thanks and whatnot." "Oh, it's not a problem. I'm happy to help a fellow teenage vagabond." Annabeth chuckled quietly, and Percy smiled openly, hoping the darkness would shield him from Annabeth's sight. "What time are we gonna leave in the morning?" she asked. "I'm not sure. Whenever we wake up, I guess. First person that wakes up has to wake the other one up," he said. "Okay, sounds good. I'll drive tomorrow, so that you don't have to the entire time," Annabeth offered. "Hmm, okay," Percy said, stifling a yawn. "Good night, Percy." "Mmm, good night." A/N: I hope all of you enjoyed the first chapter. I don't know how long this will turn out to be, so yeah. There's a lot of innuendo of the sexual variety so be forewarned. There's also some language stuffs too, so yeah. I'll proof this tomorrow. Let me know what you think in a review. Following and favoriting is mucho appreciated as well. Toodles.