the misunderstandings and made everything clear, then maybe, just maybe, they could be okay again. The chance of even being able to talk with her was enticing. He opened his laptop and logged into his email account. There was always the chance that she wasn't going to be online. Maybe she blocked him or something. No such luck. Sure enough, there was a green dot next to her name. She was online. He opened the chat and sat there for a while, trying to muster the final bit of courage that would help him finish this. "Hey," he typed. The wait that ensued was the longest of his life. About two minutes later, but what felt like two centuries later, he got a response. "Hey." "Can you take a call?" he asked. There was another brief pause. "Sure, give me a minute." Percy took a deep breath and looked at his cellphone. He picked it up and scrolled to Annabeth's contact info and called her. The phone rang three times before she picked up. "Hello?" "Annabeth? It's Percy." "Yeah, I know." In the past, she would've added a "Seaweed Brain" to the end of that sentence. Maybe this was a terrible idea after all. Still, she'd agreed to and answered his call, so he decided just to forge onwards. "I've been think about what happened at the airport and stuff, and what you told me, and you're right. I was a coward. I should've told you how I felt. I should've been honest from the outset instead of saying something I didn't believe. I just didn't know if it was even a possibility for something to ever happen between us. You said that you didn't think long distance relationships would work way back when, so I didn't think think I ever stood a chance. I know I said this already, but I really like you. A lot. I just wanted to be transparent about that. It's the honest truth," he said. "Percy, what do you want me to say?" Annabeth asked helplessly. "You don't need to say anything, Annabeth. I just—Not being able to talk to you hurts more than anything else I've ever felt in my life. I lost you, and it's my fault. I know that. It's my fault, and it tears me up inside. I've tried and I can't stop thinking about you. You're my best friend. It's hard to just lose that person because you fucked up, you know? And I know that I can't fix this now, but I just wanted you to know how I felt," he said. There was a pause, and Percy's heart sank as he thought she might've hung up. "I—This can't work, Percy. I appreciate you wanting to tell me and stuff, but you said it yourself. This wouldn't work out," she said. "Annabeth, what we had was long distance. What broke that was actually us being together in one place because I messed up. We've already done this. There's nothing new apart from our relationship changing. It'll still be as easy to maintain a relationship as it was for us to be friends these past few years," he said. "I'm so confused," she said. "I don't know what to do." "I am too. I don't know what to do either, Annabeth. I just know that I want you in my life," he said. Her voice across the line sounded like she was close to tears. "I'm so scared." Percy smiled. "That's okay," he said. "It's okay to be scared." "I panicked at the airport, and I'm so sorry for what I said. I just didn't know what to do. I was so scared. I spent the whole trip thinking you just wanted to be friends, and I was like, 'Okay i can deal with that if that's what he wants,' but then at the airport you just said you liked me out of the blue. I had no idea if you were being honest, and then I just got really mad because I was frustrated. It was so hard having to kill how I felt about you after I heard you say that we were only friends. It felt like you were cheating, like you were being a coward admitting it then when you should've done that before if that's how you felt," Annabeth rambled. "I'm sorry," Percy said softly. "Really, I'm sorry. I'm an idiot." "Yeah, you are," Annabeth said, sniffling. "A real idiot. A seaweed brain." "So do you actually feel the same way about me?" There was a pause before he heard Annabeth's tremulous voice. "Y-Yes." The relief that washed over him was impossible to describe. "Okay, that's all that matters. I know you're scared. I'm scared too, but we can make this work. We just fit. I know that we can do this if we try. I just need you to tell me that you're willing to do that, that you're willing to try," he said. "It could go wrong. We could just end up hurting each other." Percy laughed. "Then we'll be right back where we are now, at square one, I guess." There was another pause. "I-I want to try," she said. "I want to try." "Really?" "Really," she said. "Okay." "You're an idiot." "I know." "You're my idiot." "I know." "Stop saying you know. You don't know . You didn't until I told you," Annabeth argued. Percy couldn't but smile. "I don't know a lot of things, but if there's one thing that I do it's that I'm an idiot, more specifically your idiot," he said. "Oh my god, you're so fucking cheesy." "Rude." "Ok, not gonna lie, that was actually pretty clever." "Is that a tone of admiration I hear?" "Don't push your luck, Jackson." "Why're you so mean to me, Chase?" He could hear her laughing on the other end. "I'm never gonna make things easy for you, Seaweed Brain. Get used to it." And he could. And he did.