think you've survived so far?" Mirth danced in her gray eyes, the first emotion he had seen in them since they had started talking. "It is because I have blessed you with knowledge, young demigod. I have chosen you to be my Champion." This time, when Percy's jaw hit the ground, it wasn't in a figurative sense. He closed his mouth, blushing in embarrassment. "But why me?" he asked, confused. "There's nothing special about me ." "You are very special." Percy froze—he had heard that phrase before. The happiness in her eyes disappeared, and once again Athena was unreadable, like marble. "You've heard that before, haven't you?" Her eyes searched his face, daring him to betray any recognition. Percy decided to come clean, since it probably was no good hiding secrets from an all-powerful being that could probably kill him with a snap of her finger. "Yeah, this woman in Central Park said the same thing. Her name was Aph, and she gave me a knife." Athena's stoic expression quickly soured, and darkness literally covered her face. " Aphrodite …" Her voice trailed off threateningly. "Did she mark you in any way?" Percy's eyebrows furrowed at this odd question, and he probed the deepest recesses of his mind. "No, not that I remember…" " Good ." Her steely eyes bored into his, unblinking, like that of an owl's. Silence rang in the air, allowing Percy to hear the gentle crackling of the fire, the rustle gentle of Athena's robe, and the lull of the breeze through the trees. She turned and stared at Percy's Omega knife, turning it expertly in her hands, examining the weapon. Her eyes blinked once in recognition, staring at the blade in sharp shock and surprise. "This blade," she asked, eyes wide and alarmed, "where did you get it?" "Aph," Percy answered timidly, slightly offset by the amount of anger swirling through the goddess's eyes. Her flawless cheeks blushed a magnificent color, tinting the skin slightly gold. "She put it under my bed." "Aphrodite, of all people, should know when to keep their hands off of other people's properties…" The goddess's voice trailed off menacingly, letting silence once again envelope the two. Percy took the time to slightly stretch his aching muscles, which was getting better in the presence of the Olympian. He was still awed by the fact that there was an actual Greek god sitting in front of him, speaking to him, seeming to encompass all the emotions a human might have. Athena's eyes were cold and piercing, yet they were beautiful in some way, shining in the dying campfire like a flickering candle caught in a breeze. A sudden urge swelled up within Percy, making the demigod all warm and giddy on the inside. Inwardly, Percy realized that he wanted to impress this goddess, that he wanted to show her that he was, as she said, special , and to be able to live up to all of her expectations of him and go even further. It was the foolish musings of a five-year-old. Years from now, when Percy would hold a sword to his patron's throat and curse the gods, the feeling would dissipate, but for now, beautiful hope embellished itself within the child's mind, hope for a better future with the mighty Greek gods of Olympus. Athena poked the fire with something long and metallic. It gleamed in the fire, its tip turning red-hot from the flames. There was a symbol etched into the poker, something that Percy couldn't recognize. He was about to question it when the goddess spoke. "Take off your shirt." His eyebrows rose slightly at the weird command, but he obeyed nonetheless. His arms throbbed painfully and the cut on his hand bled profusely as he lifted the shirt above his head, silently gazing in wonder at the myriad of scars and fresh cuts already gathered on his skinny, malnourished chest. "Why do you want me to—" Without a single hint of remorse in Athena's eyes, she thrust the red-hot tip of the poker onto Percy's chest. He screamed in pain and his hands gripped the poker in an attempt to throw it off, but the goddess's grip was too strong. She pressed it against his chest, searing a painful marking onto the demigod's torso. His skin sizzled like eggs on a pan, barely heard under his loud screams and whimpers. After a few more agonizing moments, the goddess released the poker and set it aside. Percy stared down at his burnt chest, shivering in the cool air that whispered through the clearing. The entire region on his body was numb with pain. His mark, a black design of burnt flesh, contrasted heavily against his pale and raw skin. The beginnings of sunrise appeared over the horizon, throwing the sky into a beautiful maroon as birds started their morning songs, taking away the silence as life and music replaced it. "What," his throat was dry, so he swallowed, "what was that?" Her cold, gray eyes betrayed no emotion. "You are branded with the mark of the owl. It will provide you wisdom everywhere you travel, located closest to your heart so that your choices may be pure and true. Now, you are my Champion. You must obey every command I have, or else you shall feel the pain of the burn whenever you disobey me. You are mine now." The goddess flexed her fingers, and an immediate pain registered on the tattoo. It felt as though flames were swallowing his heart, making the demigod whimper in pain and bite his lip. He had been branded, like some animal. He had no free will anymore. "I will train you," she murmured, her eyes gently closing. "I will make you great." Her eyes flashed open, now a pure, brilliant gray that glowed in the light. " The world will know you as the greatest hero who ever lived!" And then they were gone, leaving nothing but a dead fire.