looked at Reyna. "I suppose sparky is sort of cute" Reyna blushed and hit me on my arm. "One, his name is Jason and two, I was talking about your boy" she laughed as I started to blush. "What's his name?" "He never told me it and I never told him mine. I guess I forgot to ask" "So you get his number but not a name?" I blushed and nodded my head while she chuckled. I pulled into her driveway and let her out. I reached home and smelled a nice BBQ going on in the back. "Hey mom, hey Paul" I waved at my Mom and step father before going inside. I put my stuff in my room and sat on my bed. I pulled out my phone and just stared at it. Should I text him or should I wait? Is it too soon or is it ok? I must have been blanking out because I jumped when I heard my phone ringtone. I got a text from death breath. 'Hey seaweed brain. I guess we forgot to introduce our selves so I'll start. Hello my name is Nico' I squealed when I read that. Nico is such a sexy name to go with that sexy body. I quickly replied, 'hey Nico. My name is Percy. Well actually it is Perseus but that sounds old since there was that Greek demigod named Perseus so I go by Percy.' I didn't know it was possible but I managed to ramble in a text message. We texted each other for the rest of the night. We texted during dinner and I went to bed at about three in the morning. I slept in with my mom knocking on the door. I was going to be late for school. I quickly hopped in the shower to wet my hair. I was dragging my pants on as I ran into the kitchen to get food. I had a piece of toast in my mouth as I pulled on my socks and shoes. I grabbed my bag and ran out the door to see an amused Reyna staring at me. "Slept in again, didn't you?" I stared at the ground as we entered her car. It's been almost a week since the competition and I have been texting Nico the entire time. I found out that he goes to Westover Hall. He has a sister Bianca and a half-sister named Hazel. He is graduating this year, making him older than me by about a year. I sighed. Just thinking about Nico made me lose myself. Like it would matter. He wouldn't want to go out with a younger nerd anyway. Reyna took my moment of distraction to poke me in the side making me jump. "We've been in the school parking lot for ten minutes. What's going on?" I shrugged and got out of the car. Reyna kept poking me until we reached my locker. "It's been a week and we still haven't done more than text. And I'm afraid okay. I'm afraid he doesn't feel the same way I do." I felt arms go around my waist and an accent I can never forget whisper "and how do you feel Perseus?" Nico's POV The football team had a game off at Goode high school. Since Jason was part of the team, I decided to tag along. We left the school at about seven am. "Dude, if you don't stop being so cheerful at this time in the morning. I will personally kick you off this bus" Jason tried to look threatening but looked more like puppy. "I can't help it. This is the first time I'm going to see Percy since the competition." I looked over at Jason to see he fell asleep. So much for a caring friend. I was nervous for the arrival. Not because I wanted my team to do well but because I didn't know what Percy would think. It was about 8:15ish when we arrived. Jason had texted Reyna already about our arrival. She told us to wait near her locker until she arrived. I was the first to spot them coming down the hall. Reyna saw us but Percy was to busy talking about something to hear us. I walked up to them "...a week and we still haven't done more then text. And I'm afraid okay. I'm afraid he doesn't feel the same way I do." I quickly figured out that he was talking about me. In a spilt second I put my arms around his waist and whispered in his ear "and how do you feel Perseus?" He turned around like a deer caught in the headlights. He had a blush upon his cheeks that made him all the more adorable. Somewhere in the background I heard Jason and Reyna talking about going to the cafe or something. All I could see was Perseus. He stared into my eyes mumbling. "I'm sorry what was that? I questioned jokingly holding a hand to my ear. "I like like you" he put his head down in embarrassment. I stood there for a second. He really likes me too. I put my hand to his chin an lifted his face up. We looked into each other's eyes for a moment. Our heads were leaning closer and closer together. Our lips met in the gentlest way and sparks flew. Percy grabbed at my neck while I wrapped my arms around his waist again. We pulled each other closer as we kissed with a heated passion. Nothing else mattered at that moment. We only stopped for air until a teacher came and ruined our moment. Turns out the entire school was let out so everyone could watch the football game. I put my arms around Percy's waist as we cheered for our respective teams even though I did catch Percy cheering for Jason when he got a touchdown. This was the start of a beautiful relationship. ~~the end~~