Scenechange... I see him again he and I on the phone and I'm complaining about Percy's behaviour at 3 in the morning. I'm on shopping spree with Percy . I bought a locket for Percy and he gave me a ring. I relived every sweet memory I had with Percy. Next I saw Percy on one knee to ask my hand. And I said 'Yes' Next I saw myself standing in front of the mirror looking at myself in a wedding gown only my smile and happiness wasn't fake. "Looking great Annie." I smiled "Thanks Grover" "So that's the smile he fell for." I blushed and smiled. "Time to go." He said to me. It was the date of the my accident I was getting married the day I lost my memory. "Time to go." Said Grover. Grover was to lead Annie to the aisle. "Grover is this the first time I am walking through the aisle. Is this the first time I wore a wedding dress? Is this the first time I was proposed? "Asked Annabeth. "Grover I know we haven't been good friends and stuff but I really want to know." "Umm... First one's a yes and then all the answers are no."he replied. "What do you mean... I ?" With watery eyes Annabeth asked "Who was going to stand at the end of the aisle?" "Percy." said Thalia as she entered into the room. "Then why didn't he speak to me." asked Annabeth "That's all I am allowed to speak. Point is He can't let you go. Staying hard to you was just his way to protect you. He wanted you to hate him so that he was never an option."said Grover. "Annabeth, you ready? Yes what Grover said is true. Now its your choice. Listen to your inner voice."said Thalia. On the edge of the open door stood Luke, he had come to talk to Annabeth. The door creaked. Thalia went to open the door. She opened it but Luke had already left. Thalia looked at her sister " its all your choice sweety. Annabeth, Grover will come to get you in 15 mins. Listen to your heart." Thalia and Grover left Annabeth to her thoughts. On reaching the aisle Annabeth walked emotionless and blindly. She regained her conscious when Grover clenched her arm tightly. Then she saw Percy sitting in the front row. She didn't look at her prince standing at the end of the aisle, she focused her gaze on Percy. Trying to memorize the day she had been by his side. Not even once did she glance at Luke. Luke noticed this. He held Annie by her shoulders "What is it?" Annabeth was startled but she faked a smile and looked straight at Percy. "Annie not even once did you even look at the man who you are marrying. Neither are you smiling. I don't understand. What has gotten into you?" "Once there was a girl, she had fallen for a boy. Both of them fell in love. She had found her prince charming. She and boy build a home and helped each other through the difficulties. One day the boy asked the girl to marry him which she gladly accepted. But this marriage wasn't accepted witch living on the towers of time. She kidnapped the girl and took her to her abode. The girl waited in the witch's abode for the boy but he never came. The girl was made to forgo and forget her boy. The boy never came. There she found another prince who helped her and loved her. She waited but he never came."said Annabeth mechanically. Her eyes were watery as she saw Percy get up and was about to leave. "What happened to then?"asked Luke. "I don't know."said Annabeth. "Why didn't the boy rescue his girl? Did the boy truly love her?Percy?"questioned Annabeth. Percy stopped at his place with his back towards Annabeth. He spoke "The boy loved his girl more than his life. He searched for the girl, he even found her and when he tried to call out to her the witch cursed him 'whenever he would tell the girl about him the girl will pay for it'. He still tried to tell her once but the girl had to pay for it. She was fell into a deep sleep. And Only when the prince had promised not to talk to the girl, was she awake." "The boy never saw the girl again?"asked Annabeth After a pause he said "The boy stayed by the girl's side in disguise. He never called out again. Only then was he able to watch the girl smile." After this Annabeth closed her eyes to let the tears fall which she had held the tears back. On the other end of the aisle Percy also let his tears fall. The witch was nothing but time. Annabeth was the girl and Percy was the boy. They had fallen in love but due to some issues Annabeth forgot all about it. And Percy never told her about it. The time when Annabeth was hospitalized Percy had tried to remind her about him. He knew it wasn't his love story . Luke removed a diary from his pocket and wrote something on it and showed it to Annabeth. Then walked up to Percy and gave it to him. Percy read Luke had scratched out his name and replaced it with Percy. "You not only let me but also helped flirt with your wife." said Luke. Luke then held Percy by his hand and dragged him to the Annabeth. "Please continue." He requested the priest. He was about to leave when Percy stopped him. "Be my best man." He requested Luke making him stand by his side. "I do." said Annabeth. "I do." said Percy. " With the power within me i pronounce you as man and wife. You may kiss the bride." They finally got their happy ending. With this ends my first story.