she corrected. "If you wish for them to remain undisturbed, you will help me us deal with the approaching threat." He sat up so fast, Percy nearly toppled into the fire. "What?" "Erebos, whom I believe to be the one responsible, trying to consume anything to regain strength. You, Perseus, are possibly the most powerful demigod in existence; how escaped the knowledge of the gods is beyond me but I believe in our disarrayed state he found you and tried to consume you. As it seems, he succeeded into separating your soul and spirit but could not intake them for some reason." "Wait, please," Percy said, "How can I help? Can I be fixed? I mean, I forget myself, I'm sorry Lady Hestia but I can't understand this all at once." "Please, Perseus, calm yourself. You can only understand in time," the little goddess said sagely, "For now, I must ask a great deal of you. Would you please right yourself, asses your capabilities and clear your mind?" "Yes, Lady Hestia," Percy bit his lower lip, "How ?" "Close your eyes," she instructed, "Breathe and concentrate. Let all that you are flow like water and your passions burn like fire. See who you are as you would in sunlight and moonlight. This is how we gods determine our forms. It's how we find comfort in the vastness of all that is." At first, Percy saw only the inky black. It was unsettling but from it grew a singularity of light, so concentrated it burst. It all flew past in him moments, fragments of all he was; Mom, Annabeth, Blue Food, Grover, Thalia, Nico, Riptide, Camp Half-Blood, Camp Jupiter, Poseidon, his cabin, Blackjack, Mrs. O'Leary. Each and every piece culminated into a sheet of reflective material, glaringly bright and potent. He didn't shield his eyes from the alarming brightness, he simply focused. Before him, the glowing subsided and shone like a mirror in the sunlight. He found himself; cool green eyes under messy black hair, tall and well tanned. Although he was not built, muscle tone was visible and a number of minor battle scars. There I am; that's me. He opened his eyes and was greeted by a green flame. It leaped at him like a puppy and Percy threw himself backwards in surprise. Instinctively, he reached for Riptide and found it. He uncapped the ballpoint pen and swung by sheer reflex. The green flame clung to his blade instead and didn't let go. Regaining his sense, Percy looked to the nearby goddess for an explanation. "You tended the flame," she said with a warm smile, "Now it serves you. It can do more but only with the right circumstance." "Um, thank you," Percy smiled sheepishly, "Lady Hestia, what would you have me do next?" "Perseus," she let out a short breath, "I can other no orders, merely suggestions. You are of your own will. You can return to the mortal word as you please but I do ask you consider helping us." "For all you've done for me, it'd be my honor," Percy dipped his head, "I'd do anything to stop Erebos." "That's what I'm afraid of," the Fire Keeper winced, "Perseus Jackson, swear loyalty to me, as you patron and I will guide you to the best of my ability. If you so ever wish to leave my service, simply ask and it shall be so. Do we have a promise?" "Yes," Percy felt a bit awkward and dropped to a knee, "I do. Lady Hestia…I uh…swear my loyalty. T-to be the defender of your honor and…?" Percy could have sworn he heard the most angelic sound in the world and it would not be as pleasant as the laugh of a goddess. It was like winds chimes breezed by flowery air on a spring gale while honey bees…it was nice. He looked up to see a twelve year old girl, in place of the younger one, with the same muted clothing, mousy brown hair, and brilliant brown eyes with hints of orange. THe Son of Poseidon felt his face heat up from embarrassment. "Thank you Perseus," the little goddess giggled, "That was more than enough. I'll I asked for was a simple promise." "I promise." "Perseus Jackson," the goddess sighed, "For a powerful demigod, you are quite humble. That is a good quality. Ares could learn something from you." "Yes milady," Percy chuckled, "As you say." "Please, do not say 'milady'. I'm just your patron, Hestia, if you would." "Of course, and it's Percy, if you would," he smiled and dipped his head. "Honestly Percy," the little goddess chided playfully, "Who in their right mind says 'milady'? Even my priestesses never referred to me as such." "Hunters of Artemis," Percy shrugged. He got to his feet once more and looked to his patron. "La…Hestia, is there any task you need me to do? Because I want to visit Camp…" She was looking at him but her eyes seemed defocused, looking elsewhere in the world. It wasn't quite thousand-yard but like a "Percy," his patron looked to flame with sudden alarm, "Erebos, he's after one of my priestesses. I need you to save her." "Okay, a bit soon but I can do." He pulled out Riptide and swung it in his hand experimentally. "Send me in." A/N: What do y'all think? I tried some newer techniques, characterization, etc. Some weren't as flawless but I think they served well. Yeah, I'm pulling a wacko12 and using primordial deities but there more on that at a later date. I've got no pairings in line as of late but patron/champion is a fixed point so no touch and go there. I will be using an OC as a support but nothing too out there. This is Percy's story to make up for Blood of Olympus. Seriously, you read that yet? So much to discuss... Alright, thanks for reading, leave review; remember, think critically, write with purpose, and tell your truth. Adios...