the radio. Piper couldn't help but notice they acted like brothers. At one point Jason laughed at Percy and he punched Jason then just laughed about it. Finally, they got to Long Beach and parked a few blocks over. Jason got the door for Piper with a cute smile. Percy did the same but earned no appreciation from Annabeth. Piper frowned at the scene. Annabeth got out with her arms crossed and began to walk towards the beach. Percy cursed and jogged after her. "It's okay, Percy is persistent as hell." Piper jumped at the sudden voice in her ear. Jason laughed, Piper quickly joined in. Piper loved the beach especially Long Beach. The sparkling white sand, and deep blue sea was quaint, being here with Jason made it all the better. They settled into a spot not too far from the water. Piper laid out her towel and plopped her bag down on it before quickly taking off her shirt and shorts and throwing them to the side. She then sat on her towel next to Jason. Percy immediately headed for the water; Annabeth stayed behind, just lying on her towel a few feet from Piper and Jason, getting a tan. Piper sighed. Annabeth had a very strong barrier around her heart, sometimes you had to peel one layer back at a time. Most guys didn't stick around that long. From what it looked like, Percy wasn't either. Jason and Piper chatted to each other while catching some sun. Percy still hadn't surfaced from the water; Jason wasn't exaggerating when he said Percy loved the sea. "Hey, why don't I get us something to eat?" Jason offered. Piper agreed. "I'll be right back." He said before heading off to a food stand. Piper took this chance to talk with Annabeth. Quickly, she got up and crossed the short distance to Annabeth. She was laying her back; Piper sat next to her stretching out her legs and resting back on her arms. Annabeth opened one of her eyes. "What?" Annabeth asked sullenly. "We can go if you want.. I'll just tell Jason-" A shadow crossing over them cut her off. Piper looked up. It wasn't just a shadow. It was many. "Dat ass.." a deep voice called down to us. Annabeth shot up, nearly level to them with a resentful glare. 3 large, jock like guys stood next to us. One whistled in approval. "Get lost." Annabeth said disgusted narrowing her eyes at them. I stood up just behind Annabeth, but said nothing. "Awww come on, blondie. Let us show you a good time." One said to Annabeth. He leaned into her; Annabeth stood her ground with her arms crossed over her chest. Annabeth didn't always look like it, but she was a badass. The guy had light brown hair that was spiked up; he twirled one of Annabeth's long curls around. Finally, Annabeth knocked his hand away and took a step back. "Go fuck yourself." Annabeth sneered. "Ouh.. feisty. I like a good mouth on my girls.." He said with a suggestive smile on his face. Piper could see the look of absolute loathing. Before Annabeth could respond, a figure moved in front of Annabeth. "Percy.." Annabeth said almost wistfully. "She's not yours," He said angrily getting in the guy's face. The guy narrowed his eyes at Percy, obviously challenging him. Piper could feel a power radiating from him and she thought she heard him growl. For a second, Piper thought she saw a flash of something in Percy's eyes, something that didn't seem human. The 3 guys must have seen it because they all took a nervous step back. Percy's fists were clenched fiercely at his side. To her left Piper realized, the sea was suddenly stirring. The tide was raising and waves larger and more furious. What the hell was going on? That's when Jason stepped in, putting a hand on Percy's shoulder. Percy whirled around meeting Jason's gaze. Piper looked back and forth between the two. They said nothing, but it was like they were having a conversation of their own. Percy's fists started to loosen and his shoulder's relaxed. Percy looked away as Jason looked to the guy. His gaze was strong and clam. "Leave. Now." And they did, muttering freaks before turning and leaving. Once they were gone, without looking up, Percy shrugged off Jason's hand and stalked off in the other direction. Jason reached after him with a sad look on his face, but he failed to reach him. Piper put her hand on his arm and gave him a small reassuring smile. Out of the corner of her eye, Piper saw Annabeth running after him. Maybe there was hope for them. Piper was glad the acting genes ran in the family because Piper had to try her best not to freak out after the beach. She had convinced Jason that she wasn't feeling well so they took her and Annabeth home. That night, Piper was restless. Sleep seemed impossible; she racked her brain trying to process what happened today. Flashes of the scenes at the beach flooded her mind. The ocean stirred as if reacting to Percy's emotions when he nearly fought those guys. Jason and Percy looked as though they were talking without saying a word. A flash of something in Percy's eyes that Piper knew wasn't human, it wasn't anger or frustration; Piper couldn't figure out what it was but she knew it wasn't normal. One thing Piper knew for sure was these guys weren't human, but if they weren't what were they? A/N: Thanks for reading! What do you think? Give me your honest opinion. If you have any questions please ask; nothing motivates me more to write another chapter then reviews! P.S.- HINT! HINT! Percy and Jason are not demi-gods in this. What are they you ask? You'll just have to tune in next time to find out! Love you guys! **Cover photo drawn and edited by me**