I lost when I lost him . I may seem fine, that I've long since recovered, but I haven't. The truth is, in every accident, in every event, no one can truly recover, no once can truly get out of a situation unscathed, unmarked or unscratched. No matter how close you were or how much time has passed, the trauma is still there, the memory will never fade and no matter how much you've denied it, it's still there. Right now, I seem like person living in the moment with my boys, an architect known by the known, a demigod who is worthy of immortality. . .the seemingly endless list goes on and on. I, no matter how practiced the mask is, am only using a façade, and it's so weary that I could collapse any moment now. I am only a shell of the person I used to be, the person I used to dream of becoming. I am only a shadow of who my prime. Hell , I have a shadow hanging over me , slowly and painfully engulfing me into its dark, cold, and cruel grasps. I am nothing but a hollow case, a poor and pathetic excuse of who I used and should have been. I leaned down and rested my head on the steering wheel , slowly feeling sleepy, slowly accepting Hypnos and entering his domain while I wept when I felt the phone in my hand vibrate. Soon enough, it brought out this ' ding' sound. I caught my attention and I, slowly and groggily, pushed myself up and stared at the phone's screen, which was illuminated and showed this alarm. I couldn't get the title, so my brows had furrowed together, my eyes squinted in an attempt to read it, but I couldn't do it. I swiped the lock icon across the screen and soon, a number pad appeared, showcasing numbers one to nine. I slumped back into the seat, still applying pressure, as I began to think of possible answers, possible pass codes when I felt my fingers move across the screen involuntarily. To my surprise, the screen unlocked itself and I felt myself cry, felt my chest tighten, as if a titanoboa decided to give me its signature and deadly embrace, suffocating me and depriving me of the air I need. I felt like my chest was going to combust, was going to explode at any given moment with the pressure building up inside of it. I felt like I'm in a pressure cooker. I felt hot tears run down my face as I realized and digested the fact that it was my birthday, 0712. It does not matter how many times I do this, I still continue to be this emotional whenever I come across this phone and its pass code. I wanted to bawl, to break down, but the alarm stopped me. It got on my nerves and I felt the need to throw the phone away, but I couldn't bring myself to do it, so I just went to the clock application, but my heart stopped when I saw the alarm, I felt like oxygen was sucked up from my lungs. I dismissed the alarm and kept my eyes on it, which was entitled ' home ', set to sound every 6 PM. Soon, I found myself searching through his phone, as if I've never done this before. I visited memories through the vast album his phone had to offer, ranging from the first time Sally held her grandson, to Luke's first basketball game, to Charlotte's first tooth, to Will's first words, to Luke's first guitar, to Charlotte's first gift, to Luke's first time meeting and holding his baby brother, to Will's first birthday, to his first haircut and first word, to our second trip to Paris, and to our last anniversary date together in the Bahamas. Then, I saw this picture of the kids, when I just brought the twins home from the hospital. Luke was standing on his toes to get a glimpse of the new babies. A small cry had escaped my lips and I realized how selfish I was. I soon placed Percy's phone back inside the glove compartment. With the sudden realization, I lifted my foot from the acceleration pedal and I turned the engine off, collected my things and went inside to fix myself some ambrosia and nectar. After eating a square of ambrosia, which tasted like Percy's signature chocolate milkshakes, I plopped down on the couch and smiled as I grabbed a small picture frame containing a photo from our wedding day, which was my birthday ( He saw it fit, seeing that our first anniversary coincided with his birthday, he thought that our wedding anniversary should be on my birthday .). I felt the freedom I needed, the air in my lungs. After wrapping the blanket around me as I watched the wood crackle as it burned in the fireplace, I grabbed my phone and pressed on Percy's number. I texted him, for the first time in ten years. I texted him. I looked at my side and saw the wedding photo again. I smiled at it. "Thanks," I took it in my hands, caressed the frame, "Percy, thank you for everything." I gently placed it in front of me. I felt safe and warm, as if he had me in his arms again. As I was slowly falling asleep, I heard my phone ring and I remembered about the boys—I never really answered their texts nor their calls! I quickly grabbed my bag and fished for my phone and when I unlocked the screen, I saw a text message from an unknown number. I smiled at the ceiling like an idiot and let my hands drop to my laps as I continued to smile and laugh at the ceiling. Ur welcome, WG, — SW As per our usual routine, I do not own PJO nor do I own HoO.