sad smile. "After all of this, will you marry me?" I tossed her the ring and she caught it. Her eyes watered and she came over to embrace me. I winced in pain, seeing that she had touched my fresh wound, but it didn't really matter to me. I was having a moment with Annabeth—probably our last moment, actually. "Of course, I love you." Annabeth replied and I gave her a long kiss. "When this is all over." She promised, but I shook my head. "No." I insisted otherwise. "Marry me now ." I begged her, my voice already broken. "If you want to marry me. . .then marry me now." I said, grabbing her hands, showing the ring. "We've got no time—it's now or never, Annabeth, please. " I was slowly letting her in this, searching her eyes for any answer. "Wha―Percy, we don't have time for this." Annabeth said but I shook my head. "I love you," I said before kissing her. My face begged her. Her features had softened remarkably. "Please, listen to me," I had let the tears fall on her hand. "We don't have time." I explained to her but she wouldn't have it. "Exactly, Percy! This could wait, I swear! Once we're safe and sound, we can talk about that, Percy, just not now." She tried to convince while the sound of wood crashing was getting louder. "Please, I beg of you, not now!" I shook my head "That's a yes, right?" I was desperate, my voice broke. "You said yes, right?" she tearfully nodded and I laughed. "Then marry me." She was confused for a bit when I winced in pain. When she felt something, she withdrew her hand and stared at it in shock. It was time to start the final act. "I don't really have much time here, Annabeth." The tears had over run my face. "Percy," she was confused until I showed her my ( fake ) clawed arm. Soon, Annabeth too had tears running through her face and started pacing around. "No, this can't be happening." I gave her a sad smile. "You're going to be okay, we'll find a way to solve this―I can create a cure." She stopped when I lead her to the air vent and stepped away. "Percy, we can make it out, I swear, just please," her face showed her desperation and it almost made me give up. "Don't do this!" I kissed her one last time before pushing her through the air vent. She cupped my face, shaking her head softly. "Don't do this me, don't give up on us." I shook my head and pushed her inside the vent. "I'm sorry." I said, screwing the the cover back. She placed her hand against the cold metal and I placed mine right across her hand. "Go," I said, facing her before sharply turning my head to the door, it was already rattling. "No, I won't leave you." Her voice broke, rough as sandpaper and broken as the world right now. I want to comfort her, tell her that she'll be fine but I couldn't risk her life like that. I couldn't do that—I can't be that selfish, to deprive her of the chance of surviving. . .like what I did with my mother. I refuse to let that happen, to let history repeat itself on me. "But you have to, remember?" I gave her a small and sad smile. "Yes." I was confused until I remembered the proposal. I gave out a tearful laugh and ended sobbing inside. How could I be so selfish? How could I promise myself to her for all of time when here I am, forcing her to leave me so that I could die. How could I make her marry me when I lied to her so that she could leave me? How could I deprive her of a future that I promised her? Well, promises break before they're made—if I have to break her heart, so that she could live, then I will. "You can't die now, you're engaged." Wooden splinters were already flying across the room. "I love you." She breathed out before I stood up and pressed the desk against the wall, covering the vent. "I love you too, Annabeth." I murmured as I breathed out, gently letting out a sob. "Percy!" Annabeth cried out. I heard some banging from her side. She was trying to get to me. "Let me out! Please," she cried, sobbing hysterically. "Please, don't do this to me!" I muted her voice out as focused on the door and what would come flooding in the room soon. The doors finally flew open and I charged against them. I yelled out in pain as a zombie sunk his teeth in my arm. "Annabeth, go! Please, I beg of you!" I yelled out and I heard a strangled sob and hurried movements. I gave out a bitter laugh and smile. I sliced and diced through their faced and bodies until I dropped to the floor. The zombies were already surrounding me, as if I'm an item for sale and attracted numerous buyers. I screamed out in pain when a zombie bit me in the neck. Soon, my life flashed before me. I saw my mother, my sucky-ish life in highschool, an all-nighter during college, my graduation. I saw Calypso, I saw how happy I was with her. Then, I saw Leo, I saw happy they were. Something snapped inside me, I realized something: maybe there's a reason why that had happened. Maybe there's a reason why she's not the one for me—maybe, it's because she led me to Annabeth. I smiled at the thought, despite being devoured by zombies. Sure, my life is ending, probably in a couple of minutes, but it's better than dying without realizing just how blind I've been! At least, in the end (the very end, actually), I finally forgave them. . .and myself. Death tore us apart.