his locker is #1808 and look here's Percy and Jake joining them now." Sam says with a smile on her face. I look at the group again and she how they're all laughing and joking together and when I see Percy, I can't help but stare at him. I finally figured out a way to surprise him. But before I could follow through with what I was going to do Sam grabs my arm and starts dragging me towards them. I see Percy closing him locker and leaning against his locker, his back facing Sam and I and him facing his friends. We get closer and... "Hey guys, meet the new girl." Sam tells them Percy doesn't turn around but I do hear the Chorus of Hello's and nice to meet you's. Sam is about to start speaking again but before she does I cover her mouth quickly with my hand and motion for her to keep quiet. I motion and mouth for the rest of the friends not to alert Percy or say anything to him either. I quickly step up near Percy and I can get his familiar smell of the ocean wafting off him. He always seemed to smell like that and I love that about him. His friends including Sam look like that they want to warn Percy but I quickly shake my head in a no motion. They all look confused as what is happening. I use my one hand to cover his eyes and the other to touch the small part of his back, where he used to very vulnerable and only I knew where it was. I lean up to whisper in his ear and in the most scariest tone I could muster I say " Perseus Jackson" He stiffens immediately and I can see him slowly moving his hand to his pocket where I know he keeps riptide. Before I knew it, his reflexes kicked in and the next thing I know is that I'm being slammed into the locker and being held there by him with my wrists. Grey eyes meet his Green ones and I can see the realization, love and warmth filling it again. I look at his friends and I see that they all look worried and are about to reach to pull him away. I turn back to Percy again "Is this the way to treat me Seaweed Brain?" I ask him in a teasing way while smiling "Annabeth?! Wha.. how.. When...?" he looks so excited like a little boy and even though we're in the same positions as before. "Full sentences Perce? I mean I know I can make you speechless." I flirt with him. Before I know it I'm being pulled into his arms and being picked up and spun around and I quickly wrap my arms around his neck and my legs around his waist. Holding on tight, him too making sure I don't fall. He starts laughing and I start giggling and squealing. He eventually stops spinning and I pull his head down to kiss me. I think this should fall under best kiss of all time category. It was a soft, yet very passionate kiss and he sets me down both of us still lip locked. We pull away and lean our foreheads against each other breathing in heavily because lungs were crying for much needed air from kissing for so long. He tilts my chin up again and kisses me once more pouring all his love into the kiss. oh dear gods how I've missed this. Once again we're interrupted by a sudden number of coughs that pull us back to reality. I'm sure you can imagine how I feel at this moment. Percy pulls away and instead of letting me go completely he grabs my hand and holds it when he stands to address his friends. Who all had shocked, confused looks on their faces except Alexandria. Who looked a mixture of anger and sadness at the same time. "Guys and Girls, this is my imaginary Girlfriend. Annabeth Chase. Wise Girl, these are my friends." My Seaweed Brain says while kissing the of my head, then using our intertwined hands to wrap over my shoulder. "Hey Everybody, sorry Sam for not saying anything." I tell them Sheepishly. "What are you doing here babe?" asks Percy "I moved here to be with you of course" I look at him before leaning to whisper in his ear "Olympus also needed there head architect back" "What? That's awesome, I've missed you so much. My friends didn't want to believe that you were my girlfriend." His friends who snapped out of their shock started asking so many questions "OMG, She's real." "Percy how long have you known her" "What is going on?" "She's actually real" "Explain now." "Aww this is so cute. They're so cute but Annabeth you and Percy better start explaining now." I'm pretty sure Sam had said the last one Percy turns to me and says "I Love you wise girl, but you're really living up to your promise about not making things easy for me? Are you ready? For our next great adventure?" "I love you too Seaweed Brain. Damn right! I'm never going to make things easy for you. I know I am, the question is are we both ready to do this?" I ask him while looking back to him. "As long as we're together." he says "As long as we're together" I reply. A/N: I hope you enjoyed this little one shot.. maybe I'll do more. I'm still extremely busy, can't help that UGH! SCHOOL WHY?!.. Please Read/Review I really appreciate and I'm sorry things about them might be wrong. I had other ideas but I have seem to have forgotten it. But don't worry about that I have a lot more ideas left... Oh and somethings I said at the top are not true anymore since it is completed. I better go now Mmmkayyy byyyeeeeee *wink*