be impossible for the enemy to get through. Due to the nature of your hunters, we shall require two guardians. One to scout ahead, the other to stay behind to guard. This is, of course, only until we reach Camp Haven. There, we shall split ways, and I will go to guarding the camp." Winter smiled at Artemis, completely relaxed. Artemis was silent for a while. She assessed Winter as he stood in front of her. Though the man was not in any stance, his entire presence screamed danger. She could tell that he would certainly not be a bad ally to have. After a few seconds of silence, she nodded in agreement. "May I request Zoë follow us, Lady Chaos?" Chaos beamed, "Of course! Well, that'll be that I suppose. Good luck!" Chaos beamed out, leaving a gaping Zoë standing next to Winter. Winter bowed to the gods, before walking out of the throne room. The rest of the gods started flashing out. Artemis got off her throne to stand in front of Zoë, looking at her through teary eyes. She reached a hesitant hand out, barely touching Zoë's arm. However, that only lasted for a while, before Artemis grabbed Zoë close, gripping on to her as if Zoë were to disappear again. Zoë allowed herself this brief moment of happiness, gripping Artemis back. The two stood there a while, simply drinking in the other's presence. No words were needed as they shared this tender moment. "Zoë, what have you been up to these past few centuries? You must tell me!" Artemis exclaimed as they separated. Zoë opened her mouth to reply, but stopped as she remembered something. "Perhaps we should do this later, my lady. We did send Winter off to the hunters, they're probably holding him at arrow-point!" Zoë started, while Artemis instantly flashed them to the hunter's camp. There, they were greeted with the sight of Winter with a dozen bows primed at him. Once he saw them arrive, he grinned. "Hey, Zoë, Lady Artemis, could you help me out here?" As the hunters raised their bows threateningly at him again. Actual IMPORTANT Author's Note: I suppose I should apologise for this extremely late post. I know it's been a long time (like really long), and I'm sorry. I've just gone through my GCE O-Levels, which I had to prioritise first. Added to this, my writing style has changed quite a lot. I feel like it's gotten much better than before, when I was rushing into things without planning out the basic story, or rushing the romantic side of things. It's pretty embarrassing when I look back on it. However, even though it's gotten better (in my opinion), I still have to get back into the flow of things. You may notice that my writing seems awkward, my characterisation off. It's been a long time since I wrote a fanfiction story, I'm super rusty, so I was a bit unsure of posting this up. I also don't have a beta, which makes things slightly harder for me to proofread everything. If anyone spies any errors, please let me know. But I've sorted everything and will mostly be free now (except for Overwatch), so I'll be updating this story for now. I'll mostly focus on this story, leaving The Younger Me for a later time. You may notice that I've deleted every story on my account except these two. They were, after all, pretty embarrassing. Sorry to anyone who wanted to use those stories. I don't have them anymore either as I've gotten all my data wiped, and had to get a new computer. So yeah sorry. I started writing Percy/Zoe fanfiction when the stories only occupied three pages. A stunning shortage, which I tried to rectify. Now, though, the pairing is actually blooming and there's this overflow of these kind of stories. It's quite amazing to see one of my favourite pairings evolve over the years. So I have no reason to write anymore, but I did promise you guys and myself that I'd finish this. Thus, I present my contribution. You might notice in this story that Percy's not OP. Shocker. I know, I've finally gotten some restraint. Whoda thunk it, right? Plus people ain't going to just hook up in four chapters either, nor will there be any one true romance kinda thing. Real life just isn't all one relationship. I think that's for the better, yeah? But then again, I'm making him out here to be some Adonis. Not every woman will be attracted to him, relax. But even in Son of Neptune, Hazel thought Percy was a god. Imagine if he was actually one. Then just imagine that, and the effect he'll probably have on people. Certainly, there's an overflow in the looks department. So he'll be turning some heads for sure. Speaking of Son of Neptune and stuff, I have not read Blood of Olympus. I don't think I ever will. I just... am unmotivated to? Anyways, moving on. To those who are new arrivals: If you didn't figure it out, Winter is Percy. I'll be delving into his past in future chapters. I'm reluctant to part with this information, but there are those who only read stories with Percy in it. Didn't want them to think it was an OC, after all. (Then again, this is at the bottom. Chances are they won't even read this.) For those who are still reading, from way back: Thank you for not losing faith. (or just coming back when notifications came (side note: fanfiction notification is terrible)) I'm sorry for making you wait this long, and I hope you'll enjoy this. So yeah, that's it. I suppose this is the only important AN I'll have. If anyone has any queries, just drop it in the reviews. I'll try to check notifications as much as possible. Thanks again, hope this was good enough for you guys. Also jesus this AN was 700 words long.