the graceful muscles in her back and shoulders were easy to make out, hidden beneath her flawless skin. It helped also that she was so tight inside. Moans began to escape from Zeus's mouth, a near constant groan. At the same time his one arm released the Huntress's ribs. Still thrusting, never ceasing his pounding, the god found her breast once more. He then struck upward, hard, slapping the bottom of it with enough force to make a smacking sound. Pain lanced up through her breast, through her chest, and Artemis let out a muffled shriek. What had been a masculine moan shifted into a brief chuckle, and then the Inquisitor slapped at the opposite breast with his other hand….Twice. Artemis wailed more. Before she'd even finished screaming in pain the man's hands wrapped around her breasts, engulfing them, and resumed the twisting and squeezing. He was not gentle in the slightest- digging into her flesh, pulling the mounds back against her ribs. The burn from his slaps persisted through the kneading, muffled but not hidden by the many flashes of pain. Zeus's fingers seemed to be there to stay, almost holding onto her for a grip. The relentless pummeling went on. A strange sensation had begun to build up in Artemis- a burning edge that seemed to grow in intensity with each passing moment, leaving her breathless. To her shame it felt satisfying, a delightful sensation unknown to her. The next couple thrusts were sick, wet squelches that disgusted her beyond belief. Barely contained moans threatened to escape her lips every moment, the alien act of pleasure completely uncharted ground for her. She did her best to put them out of mind, trying to distance herself from the forced pleasure playing out through her body. Though she somehow knew better, the huntress tried to force the building orgasm out of her mind the same way. For several more long moments Artemis clenched her teeth and squeezed her eyes shut, painfully, wishing everything away. It was to no avail. The sweet burning sensation suddenly became unbearable, crushing her like a vast wave, a fist of lightning and fire. A long cry escaped through the gag as Artemis's entire body clenched and shivered, and then went slack and still. It took her some time to come back to her senses. Even then heat still sizzled through her veins, along with a light fluttery sensation that did not abate. "To think," Zeus growled, shoving her whole body with a particularly vicious thrust "that your kind believe yourself any better. Any different than us males," Artemis ignored his words, letting her head hang limply as she continued to be violated. She knew he speaks the truth, pleasure had run through her system and she hated herself more as she knowingly allowed it to consume her. What would her hunters say to her when they heard that the esteemed goddess of Virginity have allowed herself to be pleasured and rode through her orgasm despite unwillingly. Time passed. Despite his great stature Zeus had endurance to match. His rutting never slowed down for long, though he did alternate between quick pounding and long, even strokes. Artemis legs were shaking frantically when the god's breathing finally sped up. One moment it was the same even, level breath, and the next the man was almost hyperventilating. The sudden change took Artemis' complete attention. This meant she was fully aware when her father finally came. For a few more thrusts he pounded into the tight virgin huntress, hard, her flesh lewdly squelching and squirming beneath him. And then suddenly the man thrust in once more. Both Zeus's hands wrapped around her ribs, just beneath her breasts. He didn't stop either- pressing against and into her until the bonds pulled at her limbs, burying himself as deeply into the goddess as he possibly could. His shaft swelled. "Nonononooo," Artemis breathed through the gag. She had no desire whatsoever on becoming like Demeter who was impregnated by his brother. This was her father for god's sake. Zeus finally exploded, his girth throbbing and twitching as he finally came inside of her. He let out a disconcertingly loud moan- a series of cries that almost seemed to echo off the walls of the cell. Artemis could also feel the shaft jerking up and down inside of her, lightly, pulsing with disgusting intensity. She bowed her head in disgrace as she received it all unwillingly. Once, twice, it throbbed, then a third time, and kept on it up. Some slight pressure began to build inside of her, some mystifying force that pressed into and against her at the same time. Zeus remained in that position well after he finished, buried deep inside Artemis, crushing her lithe form against him. Before the god turned fully softened he pulled out. Artemis made a small sound as this happened, the girth sliding inch after inch out of her. There was no pop this time as he exited- only a massive, massive ache and some ghost sensation of still being filled. The goddess's pride once painfully-tight snatch remained fully open, gaping slightly. Artemis was catatonic, her mind was broken all that was left was the despair and the loss she felt when her virginity broke. A blank gaze was all that remained of those silver-eyes. No tears are left to be shed and no breathe came from her nose anymore. Despite shooting deep inside of her, and filling the goddess, Zeus's load was too much to be contained. The thick seed began to slowly dribble free, running down the inside of one of her thighs, mixing with the dried blood. A finger poked at her well-used womanhood, briefly, and then the god let out a happy noise totally unconcerned with the fading immortal. His shoes then clomped off, and away, for what would likely be the last time. Maybe if she survived, Hades would have his turn. After all she had one hole still left unused.