more playfully this time. Pressing in closer, practically crushing Percy against the door, the blond took it upon himself to retrieve the ID in question. Slipping a deft hand into Percy's pocket and chuckling when the youth tensed, Luke appropriated Percy's wallet with ease. Teasingly, he brushed his fingers along Percy's thigh as he removed the wallet, and his hand, from the youth's pocket. Percy, by then, found his head throbbing for a whole new reason. Resting his forehead against the cool glass that lined the door, the youth clenched his eyes shut and tried to block out Luke's presence altogether. This proved to be harder than he thought ( impossible even ) as the blond kept touching him here and there, or talking in his ear... teasing him, for crying out loud ! He felt dizzy—like he was losing his place in the world—and for the first time that night, Percy couldn't blame it on any substance he'd ingested. Beep! The door sounded, having been unlocked without his knowledge. Percy's eyes flew open as the door gave way beneath him. Arms going out to break his fall, the youth stumbled through the threshold gracelessly— and noisily too . Luke laughed at him, standing in the doorway holding the door open as though he were almost afraid of entering the dormitory. Recovering, Percy shot Luke a dirty look. "You're a bastard." Luke didn't reply, but his smile faded just a fraction. "You're... you're not nice at all!" Percy accused childishly. "That wasn't nice. What you did at the party wasn't nice. You're a… not-nice person." Luke had to laugh at this because Percy sounded just like a little kid. Percy didn't share his amusement, however. Pursing his lips, the youth continued: "and yet everyone knows you; everyone's friends with you. Why ?" Luke clicked his teeth, considering Percy's question. "Who says I'm friends with any of them?" He finally said. "They know your name. You laugh with them. You're … touchy with them." Percy explained. Luke made a vague gesture with his hands, "you know my name, don't you?" " Yeah ..." "And we've laughed together," Luke continued. Percy frowned, "No, you've been laughing at me ." "Mhm… same thing; if you think your friends are laughing with you instead of at you , you're sadly mistaken." Luke countered with a smug look. Percy rubbed his temples angrily. "So... are you trying to say that you're my friend?" Luke's expression was unreadable, calculating almost. His tone of voice, however, was as mocking as it could get. " No, " he said with a forced gasp, hands pressed to his chest in a dramatic gesture, "I would never ." "You suck ." Percy groused. "Gimme my wallet, I'm gonna―I'm going back to my room." Luke raised his eyebrows as though surprised at how easily Percy had admitted defeat. Leaning back against the ajar door, he crossed his arms expectantly. "What, no goodnight-kiss for all my troubles?" Percy sputtered, turning red all over as he looked at Luke as though the blond had grown another head. "What—" "Well, I did get you back here as promised, didn't I?" Luke reasoned with a smirk. Percy's face twisted in disgust. "You're a fucking creep , you know that?" Luke clicked his teeth. Inspecting Percy's wallet, he asked, "What is this made of: genuine leather? Was it custom-made? It looks nice. Expensive ." "Give it back!" Percy snapped, hands tensing into fists at his sides. His whole body felt a tense coil of energy. "Why? I think I deserve a reward or something for putting up with you. Driving you around, burning my precious fuel, until you were sober enough to take care of yourself. Not having my way with you, even when you got handsy in the car ." Luke regarded Percy with dark eyes, his leer increasing in intensity as the youth squirmed. Percy gritted his teeth, "I-I never touched you!" "Oh, really? And how would you know? Just a few hours ago you were tripping." Luke reminded, "Or did you forget what you did to the backseat of my car?" Percy furrowed his brows, hands raking through his hair as he tried to recall the past hours. When all he succeeded in doing was reviving his headache, the youth stopped. Letting his hands drop uselessly to his sides, Percy frowned. Luke grinned, "I was kidding, Kid, relax." Percy didn't relax . In fact, his hands balled into angry fists and next thing either of them knew, Percy had approached Luke and caught him by the sleeves of his jacket. His nails dug hard into thick worn leather, leaving nasty splits in the material as he prepared to give the blond a hard shove. Luke's mouth pressed hard against Percy's then, surprising the youth before he could act upon his rage. The blond's lips were impossibly soft; however, the kiss itself was almost hard enough to split Percy's unsuspecting bottom lip. Percy's eyes flew open. Shock making his heart hammer hard against his chest as he pulled away. "Wh-what you…" " There . Was that so hard?" Luke said with a smile, "Goodnight, Percy," he quickly added, shoving the youth's wallet into his hands before Percy could react. Due to Percy's slack grip, the wallet hit the ground with a muted thud. Neither of them seemed to pay it any mind, however, as Luke retreated to the door. Percy stood like a statue as his mind played catch-up. Before Luke disappeared in the night air, Percy shouted at him through the closing door. "You fucking suck !" Hearing Luke's engine turn over in the distance, Percy angrily wiped his mouth. His nerves rattled, his body feeling as though it was vibrating. Gingerly, he knelt down to retrieve his wallet. Had Percy been paying attention, he would have noticed that Luke still had his ID. Stuffing his wallet back into his pocket, the youth turned and shakily, he made a beeline for the elevator.