head trembled on his shoulders, as if his neck were all of a sudden too weak to hold it up. The tears had stopped flowing. Now Leo felt empty, yet he also felt filled up. Filled with chaos, too much of everything. His ears were ringing, and they felt filled up too. Then Leo whispered, "I did it. I didn't mean to. I didn't want to. But I did it." "What do you mean you didn't want to?" "I couldn't control it. I just lit up. I lit everything up" "You just lit up? Leo, have you set fires before?" "I lit up once when I was sitting at a picnic table. It happens when I get really happy or really sad." "Do you use matches?" "No." "What do you use?" Leo stared at him and released a quiet, shaky sigh, his liquid eyes blank. Hoover sighed deeply in return. "Come on Leo, you were doing so well." Leo remained silent. "Do you understand that fire is dangerous, Leo?" Leo blinked and remembered the fire. He had seen it race from his hands, explode as he screamed, eating its way along beams, across tables, through walls. He could hear wood cracking, splitting, glass popping, metal screeching. It had destroyed everything. "Yes." Leo whispered, his voice cracking. His eyes started to water again. He sniffled. His emotion was returning, and he didn't like it. He would rather not feel it. He would rather not feel anything. Hoover leaned toward the crying child. "Leo. I don't think you wanted to kill your mom. I think you like fire, and I think this was an accident. I think maybe you locked your mom in the mechanic shop so she wouldn't see that you were playing around with fire outside. You didn't want to get in trouble." Leo said nothing. This man would never understand. He would never get it. "But Leo, you have to understand now. You can't play around with dangerous things like fire. Fire gets people killed, Leo, and now you know-" " She's not dead ." Leo hissed. Hoover recoiled slightly. He looked at Leo. He studied him. He had thought earlier that this boy might have been some sort of rising sociopath, a kid obsessed with fire, an arsonist. But any suspicion of that still remaining in hoover's gut was gone now. This was an eight year old latino kid who had just lost his mother. He was small for his age, and skinny too. His hair was a mess of black curls. Hoover wondered if the kid had taken a shower in the days since the fire. He most likely hadn't had a chance. Were there still ashes in this little kid's hair? Was there soot under his fingernails? This child was broken. His eyes looked hollow. Hoover was suddenly reminded of a case he had been called into thirty years back. There had been a little girl he had taken from a foster home. She had been abused by her foster mother, beaten and battered. A neighbor had finally called the police, and Hoover had been the first to arrive. He had found the little girl sitting on a dirty mattress, which was on the floor. She was thin, very thin, and Hoover had found out later on that she had been starved as well as beaten. He had looked into eyes. They were dark eyes, black liquid voids, and they were broken. No, not broken; empty. "Leo. It's okay. You didn't kill her. It was an accident, kid. It's okay." Hoover said gruffly. Then the boy really began to cry, curling in on himself like a wounded animal. The boy wrapped his little arms around his stomach and bent over, wracked with heavy sobs. Tears and snot was running down the kid's face. Hoover was terrified. This child was gasping and coughing and leaking everywhere. He stood from his chair and walked over to the boy. "It's okay." Hoover said. The boy pulled his legs up to his chest and jammed his face into his knees. Hoover placed a hand on the child's shaking back. "It's okay, kid. It's okay. I'm sorry about your mom. I'm sorry." "Stay…away I m-might burn y-you." The child choked out, and Hoover felt his heart break a little. He put his arm around Leo in an awkward hug. "You're not gonna burn anyone, Leo. You're a good kid. You're a good kid." Leo was no longer trying to keep himself from lighting a fire, he just couldn't control himself. He waited for it to happen; he waited for the man to start screaming. But it didn't happen. His fire didn't come. He didn't lose control. He felt no fire in his belly. Just a tight ball of nothing. The man was hugging him. Leo was confused. This man, Hoover, who had yelled at him, who had asked him so many scary questions and hadn't stopped, was now hugging him, trying to comfort him. And he wasn't even getting burned. He knows. He knows what I did. So why isn't he angry with me? Why isn't he disgusted ? "You're going to be fine, Leo." Hoover said as he cleared his throat uncomfortably and pulled away. "I'm just going to take you over to my friend Dr. Laurence. She's a very nice lady. Okay?" Leo lifted his head a little and looked at Hoover sideways. "Okay." He whispered, the word so soft Hoover had to lean in to hear it. "Okay." If you couldn't tell, "Die Fist" is DYFS. My mom works for them, but I still won't get everything correct, so don't sue me please, I know I will make many mistakes. These chapters are going to be pretty long compared to what I'm used to, and they will include lot's of detail! I hope you guys enjoy this story as much as I enjoy writing it! Sorry for my morose mood, I love you all! Til next time darlings.