I don't..." "Your time is up," she hissed. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. "YOU SENT A FURY AFTER MY SON?!" Poseidon yelled to Hades at the same time Nico yelled at Percy: "YOU FACED ALECTO AND DIDN'T TELL ME?!" Poseidon and Hades got their argument first. "I told you not to blame me for my future self's actions. For all you know I had a good reason!" Hades yelled at Poseidon. "He still didn't even know he was a Demi- god!" Poseidon yelled back. "I'm sorry Brother." Hades said talking normally. Poseidon still looked mad but accepted the apology. Everyone turned to look at Percy and Nico who were now arguing. "I...Faced...Didn't...When." Percy was saying. I couldn't hear all of it because they were whispering. "You...She...Your...Monster." Nico angrily argued back. "I...Worry..." Percy said. Whatever he said to Nico calmed him down a little. "Fine...Sorry..." Percy smiled at him, before looking up and realizing we were all trying to listen. "Umm... You can ummm... Keep reading now." He said. I felt kind of bad for trying to eves drop. So I saved him from this awkward moment by reading. She wasn't human. She was a shriveled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me to ribbons. Nobody said a word. Then things got even stranger. Nobody wanted to break the tension. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" He shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. "What's a pen gonna do?" Ares asked. Percy and Poseidon smiled. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me. With a yelp, I dodged and felt talons slash the air next to my ear. I snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword—Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. "Oh." Was the only thing Ares said. Mrs. Dodds spun toward me with a murderous look in her eyes. My knees were jelly. My hands were shaking so bad I almost dropped the sword. "Wimp." Ares said, and he got hit with a large amount of salt water from Poseidon. She snarled, "Die, honey!" And she flew straight at me. Absolute terror ran through my body. I did the only thing that came naturally: I swung the sword. "That comes naturally to you?" Annabeth asked Percy. "Yeah." Everyone just looked at him weirdly. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she were made of water. Hisss ! "You killed a Fury on your first try?" Hermes asked him. "Yeah, but I couldn't have done it without Chiron's help." He said smiling at the centaur. Artemis was looking at him again with a raised eyebrow. "Even before he knew he was a son of Poseidon, he was making water references." Annabeth laughed. Everyone joined in with her. Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching me. "I hate that feeling." Thalia said. "Yeah." The Demi-gods agreed with her. I was alone. There was a ballpoint pen in my hand. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody was there but me. "You still let the Mist affect you?" Athena asked. "Yeah." Percy said. My hands were still trembling. My lunch must've been contaminated with magic mushrooms or something. "Really Percy? Magic mushrooms is the best you could come up with?" The Stolls and Hermes asked. "I was confused."Percy said. Had I imagined the whole thing? "Nope." The Stolls said popping the 'P'. I went back outside. It had started to rain. "Stop thinking in short sentences."Apollo said. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw me, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." "Who?" Hermes, Apollo, Travis, Conner, Thalia, and Nico asked. I said, "Who?" The Demi-gods laughed. "Our teacher. Duh! " I blinked. We had no teacher named Mrs. Kerr. I asked Nancy what she was talking about. She just rolled her eyes and turned away. "That wasn't very nice." Aphrodite said. I forgot she was here. I asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But he paused first, and he wouldn't look at me, so I thought he was messing with me. "Grover can't lie." Annabeth, Thalia, and Percy said. Grover turned a bright red. "Not funny, man," I told him. "This is serious." Thunder boomed overhead. I saw Mr. Brunner sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if he'd never moved. I went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, Mr. Jackson." I handed Mr. Brunner his pen. I hadn't even realized I was still holding it. "Sir," I said, "where's Mrs. Dodds?" He stared at me blankly. "Who?" "The other chaperone. Mrs. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher."He frowned and sat forward, looking mildly concerned. "Percy, there is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling all right?" "Now Chiron can lie!"'Hermes said proudly. Everyone agreed. "Now how about a lunch break? I'm starving." Apollo said. "I do believe Percy owns me some information, though." Aphrodite said smiling at him. Everyone walked to the kitchen while Aphrodite led Percy the other way.