you in a minute, dork!" She said, but it was obvious to Juno that Thalia loved her brother very much. She just showed her love through teasing, that's all. She turned and ran back down the trail, presumably towards their car for the picnic basket. Jason watched her go for a moment, but his mother grabbed his hand and tugged him towards Juno, who was still only noticed by the mother so far. "Come, Jason." They continued walking to the stairs, and Jason finally saw Juno sitting there at the top under the doorway. "Who's that, Mommy?" He asked curiously, but Beryl remained silent as they climbed the steps. They stopped at the top of the steps, right in front of Juno. "Hera," Beryl greeted stiffly, her attitude as stubborn as ever in front of the goddess. "Juno, actually. We are in Roman territory right now." Juno replied calmly as she watched Jason squirm behind his mother's legs. "I don't care who you are! You want to take my son away from me!" Juno's gaze hardened. This was the second time today that she had to take a child from his mother. She didn't like it. It made her feel terrible, in fact. But she had to go through with it. Who knows? If the Fates were kind to Percy and Jason, maybe they would see their mothers again. Juno had to continue and keep faith that the Fates would do what was best for everyone. "Your son has a destiny, and he can not fulfill it with you. It must be this way." Beryl balled her fists, looking just like Thalia did minutes ago. Except Beryl knew that she had no choice. She could not defy a goddess's orders. She knelt down next to Jason, taking both of his hands in her own. "Jason, my baby. You have to go somewhere else for awhile," she said, her voice strained and tears filling her eyes. Juno knew that this woman was an actress from what Jupiter had told her, but she could tell that Beryl's emotion was sincere. As broken as she was by the love of her life leaving her twice and by the alcohol she drank, she still didn't want to lose her only son. Jason's eyes filled with tears of confusion, just as Percy's did. "What? Mommy, why are you leaving me?" He asked, gripping her hands tightly. But she let go, allowing Juno to take Jason's wrist. He tried to pull free, but the goddess kept a tight grip as she prepared to leave. "Goodbye, dearest. I'll see you again someday. I promise," she said, her voice cracking on the last word. Meanwhile, Thalia had retrieved the basket and was jogging back when she heard the commotion. Though she was about a hundred feet away, she could still see something was wrong at the top of the stairs. "Jason?" She called, dropping the basket as she started running towards them. "Thea!" Jason screamed, reaching his free arm out to her. But Juno placed her left hand on top of his head, and his body went slack as he lost consciousness. Before he could even crumple to the ground, Juno and he disappeared. She felt a rush of cool air as they travelled almost instantly across the country, going from California back to Manhattan in New York. Then everything came back into focus, and Juno stood on the sidewalk of some street. It was still afternoon here, about 2:30 or so. Random buildings lined the street, everything from pizzerias to barber shops, from antique stores to yoga centers. Yup, definitely Manhattan. But Juno was only interested in the building they appeared in front of. An orphanage. Jason was still unconscious from her magic, so she quickly picked him up before anyone became suspicious of her being with an unconscious toddler. The sidewalk was mostly deserted, so she walked towards the orphanage's front door. Stenciled into the glass window of the door were the words Saint John's Adoption Center. Juno knew that Jason would be scared and confused when he woke up, but she had to trust that the people of Saint John's Adoption Center would take care of him. In fact, she vowed that she would visit both him and Percy from time to time until she was sure they were comfortable with their living arrangements. Sure, it will take awhile. But they were still young, and they'll understand when they're older why Juno had to do what she did. She conjured up a pile of purple blankets on top of the welcome mat, then placed Jason on them and covered him up. "Good luck, Jason Grace," she murmured to him as she stood up, adjusting her cloak. "May the Fates bring you happiness before you are thrust into the world of demigods and monsters and..." She paused, smiling faintly as Jason rolled over in his sleep and revealed the crescent shaped scar on his upper lip. "Try not to eat any more staplers." She finished before vanishing, just before a worker inside the building opened the door and saw a two year old boy abandoned on his doorstep. [Author's Note] Hello! Thank you for reading this! I had a lot of fun writing it, even if it did take me awhile. Sorry, but writing does take me a bit. Oh well! Quality not quantity, right? Unfortunately the next chapter will probably take even longer, as there are a few details I need to work out. But please bear with me! I have no intention of dropping this story, and I have a lot planned for it. Oh, let's just say that I have ten books planned, which will be split into two series running parallel to each other. Does that sound interesting? Good. I love you all! Please, drop a review if you have the time! As a budding writer, I need all the tips I can get! Thank you, have an amazing day! -Lawd English