door and opened it up chuckling. "Now, now," he started dramatically, inviting himself into my house and closing the door behind him. "That wasn't very nice Katie-flower." My cheeks tinged pink at the nick name he called and I tried to hide my face from him before he could see, but it was too late. I felt a finger tilt my head up and I looked into Travis' blue eyes that were filled with curiosity. "Why do you always try to hide your blush." "So you don't see it," I replied as the pink on my cheeks turned to red. "Yeah, I got that part," Travis said rolling his eyes. "But why? You look really cute when you blush?" I'm pretty sure my cheeks went scarlet. I sighed, tucking loose pieces of hair from my braid behind my ear. "Why are you here Stoll?" I asked groaning. "It's way too early for me to be dealing with you." Travis sucked in a breath. "I need you to do me a favour." Both of my eyebrows shot up. "A favour? What kind of favour?" "Just a teeny weeny one," he said holding up one finger. "What is it, Travis?" I asked closing my eyes leaning against the wall slightly. "Okay, so you remember my little cousin Sarah right?" He asked. "Yeah," I said raising an eyebrow. "Well, my mom and my aunt are going out today so they left me and Connor to watch Sarah. But Connor has to go to work today, and I have to do my internship thing today as well, so if it wouldn't be too much trouble for you Katie-Kat could you please watch Sarah?" Travis asked looking at me with puppy dog eyes. "Pretty please with a kiss on top," he said leaning in. "Eww!" I exclaimed giggling as Travis pulled me towards him with his arms around my waist and planted a kiss on my cheek. "Gross!" I exclaimed squirming in his grip. Travis just laughed the whole time and began tickling me. "If you let me go I'll watch Sarah," I said breathlessly. "Really?" Travis whispered in my ear, out of breath from laughing so hard. "Really." I said truthfully. Travis reluctantly stopped tickling me, but kept one of his arms around my waist. "You should go get ready for your internship," I said leaning against him slightly. "You're right," he said taking his arm off my waist and walking towards the door. I followed him there. He opened the door and turned around to face me. We're standing so close that his breath was washing over my face. Standing so close that he could kiss me, if he wanted too. Which I bet he doesn't. "Thanks for agreeing to watching Sarah, it really means a lot to me," he said smirking slightly. "Well, what are friends for?" I asked. I think I may be seeing things, but I think I saw him grimace at my words, and I think a look of remorse and longing crossed his perfectly chiseled features but it was gone too quick to be sure. "Friends.. right.. just friends.." I think I heard him mumble. "What was that?" I ask casually. "Nothing," he said as that look crossed his features again. "Be around by five. Okay? " Before I had time to answer, he quickly leaned in and snagged a kiss on my cheek again once more before cheekily winking at me and turning to run away. "Stoll!" I called after him but he was already far out of earshot. I groaned and shut my door, I'm positive my face is beet red. I closed my eyes and turned around and started to lean against the door frame. When and why did things get so complicated between us? "That's just the price of love, Kates." A voice said. I froze as my eyes snapped open, there standing at the stairs with a smirk across her face was none other than Marissa Gardner. Did I say that out loud? Damn! I'm never going to hear the end of this! "How long have you been standing there?!" I asked. "Long enough," she said waggling her eyebrows. I groaned again and slid down the door enveloping my whole body in my arms. "Just give it a rest," I sighed. "Katie he likes you!" Marissa insisted. "Can't you see it?" "What makes you so sure?" I asked looking up at her. "If he liked me, he would've asked me out." She sighed and ran a hand through her hair. "Katie, it's hard for boys to own up to their feelings and ask a girl that they really like out." "It's not hard for him, I've seen him ask tons of girls out with no problem," I said as further proof that he wouldn't be interested in me. "Maybe you're different from those girls," she said consolingly. "And maybe I'm not," I said walking away as she called after me. I went back into my garden and began planting again like nothing had happened, until I felt the tears streaming down my face. Damn him! He always finds away to do this to me. I don't even know why I care about him as much as I do. He's mean, conceited, selfish, rude, arrogant, careless, gr- I could go on forever listing his bad qualities. But... he's also sweet, compassionate, smart, funny, kind, charming, and honest. I really, really liked him. A lot . A/N: Hey guys! I'd like to apologize to those of you who read what I had originally posted a few hours ago, I accidentally posted a chapter from my other Au story "The Seaweed Brained Chef". It's a Percabeth story with loads of Tratie, so if you liked the story that you read before his one, I advise you to go check it out. Again, I am deeply sorry for causing confusion. Stay tuned for the second chapter though! Hopefully I'll choose the right document! (Key word is HOPEFULLY!)