They end up laying on their backs together staring up at the sky saying very little, and Will thinks that it's nearly perfect. Nearly so because he realizes as they stretch out side by side that if he were to turn on his side for a nice and cozy cuddle, they wouldn't fit together like they always had. There would have to be adjustments and it would be so different than usual and… Sure, there was something a bit thrilling about Nico looking different and older and new, but he wasn't his Nico who he could cuddle so easily and without a single thought. He wanted that back. So he was going to enjoy having Nico looking like he was, but he wasn't going to be completely satisfied until Nico was back to normal and trapped—probably complaining even though he didn't mean it—in his arms. Three days passed, and Nico got grumpier with every passing minute. He was stuck doing nothing. He couldn't train since his body had changed so much, he couldn't hang around with the other campers since they all stared or only talked about his change, which made him angrier. He couldn't hang out with Jason because he had had to leave to go to the Roman camp to oversee another temple build—which he had not been happy about—and when Will had suggest that he could take some time off from working in the infirmary to keep him company he had gotten a scathing glare and a "Don't you dare" in return, so Nico just spent his days sulking alone in his cabin. Toward the end of the fourth day just before dinner they were in Nico's cabin playing Uno—Nico was so competitive that he was nearly cackling with glee over being close to beating Will—when the door rudely burst open and Lou Ellen flew through. "Got it!" She gasped, grinning at them manically, "We know how to reverse it!" "Seriously?" Nico asked, jumping off the bed and ruining their card game. Lou Ellen nodded, that slightly scary grin of hers getting worse, and then she reached out and grabbed Nico's wrist. She snapped the fingers of her free hand—Will suspected that was more for showmanship than for the spell itself—then tapped his forehead. They stood like that for a moment and then without a word Lou Ellen pulled away and started to the door. "Wait, that's it?" Nico asked, obviously fuming, "That didn't do anythi-" And he collapsed where he stood. "That means it's working." Lou Ellen told a panicking Will from the doorway. "And the reason I did it like this was because I knew he'd have questions and we were working on a kind of limited timeline for various reasons I will not say at this time. So… I'm just going to go. He might be a bit upset with the lack of communication when he wakes up, and I don't really want to deal with that." And she disappeared. Will loved Lou Ellen. She was one of his best friends. But sometimes, she could be a real ass. Will managed to get Nico on to his bed and after checking his vitals to make sure Lou Ellen hadn't accidentally killed him he went in to the bathroom to grab a glass of water. He walked back in and found Nico still laying in the bed unconscious, clothing loose and everything back to normal. He hurried back over and checked him over to makes sure everything was fine, and upon discovering that he was he was barely able to contain his joy. Leaning over he smacked a kiss onto that wonderfully familiar mouth, and of course that was when Nico decided to wake up. "Will? What are you doing?" "Waking you up with a kiss and breaking the witch's evil spell." Will told him as seriously as he could, trying his best to keep a smile from forming. Nico stared up at him for a blank moment before snorting and pushing Will off. "So? Did it work?" He asked as he sat up, hurrying to the bathroom to check in the mirror before Will had a moment to answer. "Yeah, Sleeping Beauty, it did. You know, we really need to talk to Lou Ellen about her bedside manner. She's not really the best with patients." "That's a bit of an understatement." Nico bit out as he walked over to the dresser, eager to get rid of his borrowed clothes and put on some of his own. "She literally left after I collapsed on the floor." "At least she's confident in her abilities?" Will weakly pointed out, and earned a brief glare. "Yeah, okay. It was a pretty shit thing to do. It worked, though." "Yeah, but I'm still not happy. And are you?" "What, happy with Lou Ellen? Nah man, she left my boyfriend on the floor. That's not something I could really be happy about." Will pointed out with a snort as he stretched out on the bed. "No." Nico rolled his eyes and made his way back over to the bed, "I meant… Are you happy about me being back to being me?" He hovered by the side of the bed a tad bit uncertainly, and Will smiled up at him, everything inside all warm and fuzzy and so in love he was dumb with it. "'Course. 'Cus now I can do this." He grabbed Nico's delightfully normal sized wrist and pulled him down, wrapping his arms and legs around the boy before he could think of struggling. He sighed, content, and nuzzled his face close to Nico's. "I'm not your teddy bear." Nico told him, but his tone was soft and even without looking Will knew that he'd see that familiar quirk of a small smile on his lips. "Yeah you are. Now be quiet and let me enjoy having this back." "Idiot." He snorted, but his hands came around and held him back. And everything was as it should be.