for a whole month. Is there really that many issues to discuss with the Olympus leaders?" Percy interrupted. "Well, the praetors have noticed many of the leaders of Olympus had kids that were all around the same age. And since most of them would be graduating now or in the next 2 years, they thought it would be a good idea to create friendships before the kids started becoming leaders of their future companies. Plus, we'll be traveling the world, stopping in so many exotic locations, not to mention the Argo's a flying cruise ship." "So while the big adults are discussing issues of Olympus, we'll be dumped at a teen daycare where we learn to do trusting exercises blindfolded and sing kumbaya around a campfire, right?" Dad countered back at Percy, his calmness slowly becoming a storm. "Well, maybe if you hadn't skipped the last few Summer AND Winter Solstices, I would have let you not go to this –" Percy couldn't stop now. "It was during school! I couldn't have gone to a Winter Solstice to begin with-" Hazel, trying to use her bambi eyes on Dad (which was totally an unfair advantage) begged, "But why do I have to go? Can't you just leave me at home? I won't do anything too-" "Guys, listen up!" Mom had one of her rare stern looks. She immediately shut everyone up. She softened her voice and looked at him and Hazel. "Hazel, I know it's a month trip, but it will be fun! Plus, Dr. Apollo gave me the best sea-sickness pill just for you. And Percy, you would be missing such a great opportunity in meeting friends, and you love boats! I'd really hate for you to do something you don't want to do, but you need to come. Just think of it as an adventure! Who knows, you might actually love it. And besides, after you graduate high school, you'll become an apprentice to your father, and when the time is right, you'll be the new CEO of the Jackson Seas Inc." Half way through mom's lecture; Percy received a text from Rachel: hey fish boy! me and grover and a few others are going to the beach and the tides are great 2night for surfing, comin or what? :D Not wanting to waste anymore time, he quickly said, "Fine, I'll go." Mom, smiling, mouthed a thank you. Percy smiled back, feeling guilty, knowing that he agreed just so he could leave. He watched as Hazel stormed out of the room with a look of betrayal on her face that was directed at him. Percy made a note of buying Hazel her favorite comfort food, shrimp gumbo, as an apology. He hated when Hazel was mad at him, but they were bound to go to the Summer Solstice sooner or later. Honestly, he really didn't want to go. But the last thing he wanted to do was sit in another lecture about how he is the future of Jackson Seas Inc., which is true. Besides, how hard would it be to survive with about 20 or more other hormone, emotional and probably really snobby teens, who were pampered with money 24/7? He'd seen some of those kids walk pass him in the mall; with their newest Venus fashion clothes and butlers carrying a dozen or so shopping bags, barely trying to catch up. At least, Percy and his sister weren't like that. Sure they were rich, but his parents taught him to be modest and to give to the poor. In some ways, Percy felt a little embarrassed about his life when talking to friends who weren't wealthy. Basically, he tried to avoid the topic of wealth altogether. Well… at least on the bright side, Rachel would be coming, and he could probably persuade his parents to bring Grover... And with Hazel being there, it wouldn't be boring … But, then if she started throwing up, that would suck too… He texted Rachel from underneath the table about what time he should get there, while lying to his parents saying, "Well, if that's it, then I'm heading over to Grover's house for a senior graduation party." He didn't lie to them often, even more less so to his mom but she thought it was too dangerous to go night surfing, even though he went about once a month for the past 3 years with his friends. He got up from the table, kissing his mom on the cheek, patting his dad on the back and jokingly saluting the maids, winking at them, who both blushed slightly. Right as he was about to leave the room, his father said with an amused smile, "Not so fast, Perce." Percy sighing, back tracked to his seat and looked at his dad. Dad took a sip of his blue coke and said, "I have one condition that you must follow, while you're on The Argo." Percy, not really listening at his Dad, looked at the text he received from Rachel: Come as soon as possible! Ur missing some killer waves :) and bring a cake, we've got the beer covered ;) He glanced quickly at his father and said, "What's the condition?" "I want you to become friends with Annabeth Chase." Percy had never heard of that name before, but at that moment he didn't really care to ask who she was. While texting Rachel that he was on his way over, he quickly said, "Yeah, Annabelle Chain. Got it!" He was almost out the room when his mom said, "No, sweetie, its Annabeth Chase." He flashed them a smile, before heading out into the hallway towards the garage, shouting, "Don't worry, me and Annabe Chaser will be the best of friends!" And with that, he raced off to his car outside, thinking of his final last days before he went off to Prison, AKA, the Argo. Up Next: Jason Please leave a comment, so I know whether to continue or not!