smiled slightly to him. I was not happy that Percy was getting in trouble. What had happened? When I questioned Grover, he bleated nervously and couldn't say anything. All I heard from the others and Nancy Bobofit was strange. " The water grabbed her.." "It attacked her..." "No, Percy attacked her with the water.." "Then how did he do it?" I sighed and looked at the museum. Oh, Percy, be careful and mind your tongue. When I looked to , he was gone. Did he went inside the museum too? I hope so. Maybe he could lessen the wrath of . "I'm going to the bathroom." I told Grover, "Come on. I'm not leaving you with Bobo" Before he could say anything, I dragged him to the museum. … So I told him that I wasn't going to the bathroom and he cried out, huffing but told me to not follow Percy. I didn't listen of course. I was honestly curious of what they had to say to Percy. We went through the Greek Mythology section which was for some reason empty until we heard a screech, stopping us dead in our tracks. "Percy!" 's voice echoed throughout the halls and I gasped. Is Percy in trouble? I tensed my body and breathed out, closing my eyes until I opened them, letting out my killing intent slightly. Sorry, Grover but Percy is our friend that's in trouble. I didn't look at him because I was scared to look at him, to see the horrified and maybe distraught look he would give me when he felt my intent. I ran to the voice of and heard Grover yell my name. I didn't listen. Percy, I'm coming. I didn't know what to do but I'm coming for Percy. Behind the statue of a girl with a stele was Percy, , and... "What?" I lost all my killing intent to see what I was seeing. I was lost at what I was seeing and whatever I was planning to do was gone. A black creature with wings flew in the air, circling Percy mostly. The creature was skinny, black skin tightening on it's bones as both feet and hands were talons. Their fangs kept biting at Percy as if testing him to attack first. It was a humanoid bat from hell! I looked at Percy to see him holding a three foot sword. I checked his body and saw he wasn't hurt from far. "Sydney!" Grover's voice rang the hall and everyone looked back and saw me. was surprised. The humanoid bat was staring at me with hungry eyes. Percy looked shocked to me. "If you do not give what was taken, I will take her!" Suddenly the bat went flying towards me. I never felt so much fear that it made me not to move. "Sydney move" Grover shouted "Move girl!" 's voice faded as time slowed but the creature was fast coming to me. I closed my eyes. … ... THWACK! Arms that I knew were Percy's wrapped around me and I let myself succumb into them and wrapped my arms around him. I felt him to make sure it was him and looked into his sea-green eyes that I always loved(Not going to say that even if I was about to die). I gasped when I hugged him one more time and smelt something horrible. It smelt of something acidic like sulfur. I looked to see if the black bat was here but it wasn't. wasn't here nor was Grover. "Percy, what just happened?" Percy smiled weakly while looking pale "A bat tried to kill me for something!" I raised my hands in the air and groaned "You're kidding me! I swear you're a trouble-magnet!" Percy laughed I punched him on his arm and dragged him out of the museum to the bus as everyone was getting on the bus. We saw Mr. Brunner at the bus and went towards him. "Ah where have you love birds been?" He asked cheekily. Both Percy and I were shocked, dumbfounded, and Percy was pissed. "You saved our lives! What you mean 'Where have you been?'" "'Where have you love birds been?' I said and I have no idea what you are talking about. I was here eating with my lunch. I hope Ms. Kerr has given you a talk." I was confused. Percy was confused. was looking at us as if we were oddballs. Percy and I looked at each other. What was going on? "Ah my pen! " took a pen that was somehow in his hand instead of a sword, " Please Percy, get your own pen. Now let's go! You have other classes to attend" We both got on the bus and went to the back. While going down the aisle, we saw , a blonde woman with a decent face until she scrunched her nose at Percy. We sat with Grover who was looking out of the window. "Guys where you been!?" He questioned us, telling us he was looking for us everywhere. "Grover," I started as something wasn't adding up, " we found Percy but you weren't there. Didn't you see the black-" "Wait Syd" Percy interrupted and looked at Grover with intense dark eyes that made Grover flinch, " Grover, where is Ms. Dodd? Remember when Ms. Dodds took me to have a chat after Nancy got dunked?" Grover tried really hard(I meant really hard. You can practically see his face contorting) to try to play confusing but Percy was using his serious look that unnerved everybody "Ms. Kerr took you out yeah. Not ." And as if on cue... "I sure hope gives you detention after this" Nancy stuck her tongue and grinned before she turned around with her goonies. "It's nothing Grover, sorry we left you man" Percy smiled and I smiled too, playing along with Percy. Everything was fishy. Percy knows it and everyone was pretending or even believing there was no .