into her office in the Athena cabin, drawing her stare but not Chiron's as the troubled centaur was continuing to speak. Annabeth's eyes followed the golden eyed, sneering son of Hermes as he strode right in and took a seat on one of the chairs she kept in front of her desk. He crossed his legs and stared at her in amusement. She looked from him to Chiron and back again. "Told ya I'd be back," Luke said, grinning. Only it wasn't Luke, was it? No, the golden eyes meant it was...Kronos? "Annabeth, did you hear anything I just said, my dear?" Chiron asked, waving a hand in front of her face and looking to where Luke was sitting with a confused expression on his face. Oh gods. He couldn't see him. "Why can't he see you?" She asked Luke in alarm. "See who?" Chiron asked, looking somewhat alarmed. "Because I'm not here?" Kronos/Luke asked, "Or am I?" Annabeth looked to Chiron, "Sorry, I'm just really tired. Uh, almost just about seeing things. Could have sworn I just saw a blueprint I had been dreaming about in the air, and I was-" "When was the last time you slept?" Chiron asked, placing a fatherly hand on her shoulder. Luke/Kronos cocked his head, pursing his lips, "Yeah, when was the last time you slept, Annie? You looked so tired." Annabeth forced herself to ignore him and meet Chiron's eyes. Oh gods. She was losing her mind, wasn't she? "Ahhh, a while ago," Annabeth said. "I want you to go to bed now. You're no good to no one if you're drunk on sleep deprivation," Chiron ordered, trying and failing to be stern. Annabeth nodded. Chiron smiled at her, wearing that odd expression again, "Take care, my dear." He left, and Annabeth looked at the boy sitting by her desk. He was smirking. "Who are you?" She demanded. He hummed in thought, "Well, I guess you could say I'm Luke Castellan. But I guess you could also theoretically say I'm a certain lord of time," he waggled his eyebrows. Annabeth stared at him open mouthed, drawing her dagger, "What the Hades are you doing here, Luke?" "Yeah, you can call me that, I guess. We're both home," Luke said spreading his arms, "Anyhow, I'm here for you, Annie." "Stop calling me that," she brandished the dagger at him. He laughed, "Annie? Oh, no, that's her name, isn't it?" He tilted his head, gesturing to his left side. The little blond girl she had saved from the cyclopes stood there, staring at her with terrified wide, grey eyes. Annabeth's head was pounding. She was losing it. Was she? Or had Kronos managed to slip into camp like this, past everyone. Were they all as good as dead? "No, your little camp is safe for now. But soon," Luke smiled angelically, his golden eyes glinting, "Soon you'll be burning it to the ground with me, ma cherie." "You're out of your mind," Annabeth said, her voice more uneven and frantic than she would have liked. Luke chuckled, "Maybe. Or maybe, I'm just not pretending. Or maybe I just know things you don't yet," he walked over to her, smiling that crooked half smile. Suddenly his eyes grew wide and blue and urgent, and his scar vanished. He was earnest as he took her hand, "I'll keep you safe, Annabeth. Forever and always. We can be a family." Those words...he had said them to her when she had met him and Thalia... Suddenly she was seven. She fell to her knees, losing his hand. She was...she was on the street, in New York somewhere. She was cold, and alone and there was a giant, hissing python slithering towards her. She was tired, so tired. Out of moves. She just wanted to be a kid with a family that wanted her, was that too much to ask for? She squeezed her grey eyes shut as the snake lunged for her. This was it. Pain. Searing agony. Darkness. Warm, enveloping, all-encompassing darkness. She saw a flash of a woman's face. Dark skin. Dark, black eyes. Then she was shuddering, freezing on the floor of the Athena cabin, and very much not a seven year old. Luke was looking at her with concerned blue eyes. She forced herself to her feet, willing her limbs to stop trembling. "Come with me, Annie," he offered, earnest as ever. She spat at him, "Hades would sooner freeze over." He laughed indulgently, "You'll join me soon enough, ma cherie. You'll know all about your flawed Olympians soon enough, and I will welcome you then." He vanished, and Annabeth collapsed onto her chair, quickly grabbing some ambrosia from her bag and chewing on it. Warmth flooded back into her limbs. Her head still felt terrible and cold. What was happening to her? What were these memories? She had never been attacked by a snake, had she? She closed her eyes. Something was wrong with her. She had to tell someone. Someone had to take over being leader, someone who wasn't going insane. "Annabeth? Is this a bad time, my dear?" No, no, no...not now. Why now? Annabeth opened her eyes, looking at the door where Athena stood, leaning against it, wearing a frown. "Not at all," Annabeth said weakly, standing up and gesturing for Athena to come in, and take a seat. Athena smiled distantly, her cool grey eyes scanning Annabeth's desk as she came in before coming up to rest on her daughter, "Is something wrong?" She asked, ever observant. Annabeth exhaled sharply, collapsing back into her chair. She felt like she had just run a marathon and simultaneously been crushed by an ogre. She probably didn't look much better than she felt, she was aware. But she couldn't just tell Athena...she would be letting her down, wouldn't she? But protecting the camp, hell, protecting the western world was more important. "Actually, yes..." Annabeth began with a sigh. ... to be continued...