to water her petunias. "No, I seriously do have a reason for being here though", he said turning me around. "What is it then?" "I want to talk to you about what Chris said". "About you liking me?", I said shyly looking down. "Yeah, about that", through my eyelashes I could see him rubbing the back of his neck. And I knew I was being really cruel, but I couldn't help myself I saw another opportunity to prank him. I mean when am I ever gonna get a shot like this again? Never, that's when. I took a step closer to him and looked up, trying to keep my face neutral while I wickedly laughed on the inside. "Is it true", I said slowly, barely able to contain my own laughter, I hope he didn't notice that though. "Yes...", he said. And for some odd reason I got excited, even though I was fully aware of what I was going to do and the fact that he liked me wasn't enough to stop me. He looked up from the dirt and into my eyes and started leaning in. Just as I suspected, he' has to be the biggest flirt at camp (aside from Drew) obviously. This was it, when I finally get Travis back for real, what I did this morning was just the opening act. But right before I could do it Travis did it. Unbelievable, how could that jerk. That was supposed to be my job. Travis P.O.V I know what you Tratie shippers are thinking. 'How could he do that to my otp', but there is something that it is more important than Katie knowing how I really feel. Katie knowing I am the ultimate prankster. Think about it this way, I'm a giant sour key and shes just a regular gummy bear. I am superior. That is why I let my childish intellect take over. I pulled away from Katie and said "Happy April Fools". "Travis Stoll you jerk! I was going to do that, it's my job to reject you ! Not the other way around!", she complained. "Well, it looks like everyones taking everyone elses job today, now doesn't it, Katie-Kat. Suck it up", I teased. "April Fools day ended at 12 Stoll", she said. "Or else you and your brother would still be stuck to the flag pole". "All to true but, I couldn't allow the gummy bear to go around thinking that she was better than the sour key". "What are you talking about? Gummy bears are better than sour keys". I gasped. "Katie, you mustn't offend me like that". "Oh yeah, and why not", she challenged placing her hands on her hips. "Because I'm more awesomer, good lookinger, and smarter than you could ever hope to be". " 'Good lookinger' isn't a word". "When you're as hot as I am, you can make up whatever you want". "Travis-" "Katie, I am so hot I make Leo look cold". "If youre going to stand around talking about your hotness, I suggest you go to someone who actually cares, like Drew", she said, while starting to turn around. "So, you're admitting you think I'm hot". Katie spun around with a bewildered look on her face. "How conceded could you be?" she asked. "Where in that sentence did I say that I was attracted to you in anyway". "You asked if I was going to 'stand around here just talking about my hotness'", I stated simply. "And in order to have hotness I'd have to be hot". Katie's face went blank. "I was- you are-", she stuttered. "You know what?" "What Katie-flower?" She glared at me. "You are the most ridiculous, obnoxious person I have-" "I know you wanted to kiss me Kit-Kat", I smirked. "No I didn't", she said disgusted. "Sure you didnt", I said doing air quotations around my words. "You know what I don't have time for this", she said walking away. "I know how we can settle this", I said. "How, Travis?" "With a game of rock, paper, scissors to the death!" I declared. "Bye, Travis". "Afraid of losing, Gardener". "No", she said defensively. "Good then lets play", I smirked, "Care to wager". "How much?" she said cautiously. "Katie, Katie, Katie, Katie", I sang twirling her hair around my finger, to which she slapped my hand away. "Always so cautious, how about 40 drachma and I'll leave you and your cabin alone for a month". "A whole month?", she said amazed, and then she regained her cautious composer. "Why are you putting so much on the line?" "Because you are". "What do you mean?" "If I win, you have to go on a date with me". Her eyes opened wide and she started frantically. "No, no, I didn't agree to this". "When you gamble with Travis Stoll, you better know what you're getting yourself into". She groaned. "Rock, paper, scissors", we said. Katie choose rock and I chose scissors. Dam I should've know the tree lover wouldn't chose paper. "Ha, I win", she said. I rolled my eyes. "Rock, paper, scissors", we said again. I chose paper and she chose rock. "Ha, I win", I said and she rolled her eyes. "This one's for the win", she said. "You scared?", I teased. "Now way". "Okay, then". "Rock, paper, scissors", we said for the last time. Katie chose rock and I chose scissors. "Ha, Hahahahaha, HA!", Katie gloated. "You better pay up Stoll". Then she started doing this ridiculous happy dance and I stared at her eyebrows arouse. She seemed to remember I was standing there and stopped dancing and said "If you ever speak of this, I will murder you". I saluted at her and she happy danced away to the dining pavilion. And I'm the ridiculous childish one. Happy April Fools! I'm thinking of making one of these for every Holiday. So maybe I'll write an easter one, but if I do I think it might probably be Percabeth.