cream, and swirled around in circles like a spring as it leads up to the higher level. The ceiling above him was completely made of mirrors so Nico was starting straight at himself at about twenty feet over his head. He let out a low whistle. He was blown away from the sight. It was defiantly the most beautiful place he ever been in and had ever seen. Then he realized that he might not been alone. "Hello?" Nico called out. He looked around more for a form of life in any kind. Although he was praying that it wasn't in a form of a hellhound. He received no answer. He soon traveled over to the steps and made his way up them. He called out again for anyone to see if they were there. Still silence. His own voice echoed off the walls and came back at him like a loud bullet. Nico walked farther into the open second floor that was just like the first except the walls were now made of mirrors like the ceiling. But one wall was bare, and was made into a window out into the area behind the plaza. Nico looked out of it and found exactly what he already saw but, farther out in the distance, the grass gradually changed over to sand that transformed into a beach with beautiful, sea green waves that crashed onto the shore. Nico quickly looked away. To his right, there was an opening to another staircase to the next floor and he decided to go up there. The steps lead him up to a hallway that held about five rooms and another staircase on the other end. He went straight to the staircase, not looking into any of the rooms, and soon arrived into the bell tower. Nico went up onto the next few steps to the circled area that held the silver bell. The sunshine that streamed from the openings glowed onto the bell and it radiated with pure beauty an it's looked very lovely. He almost with blind with the light, and he was starting to get tired of almost going blind from the things in this place. He approached the bell as he stepped into the circle, but something, from the corner of his eye, flashed into his sight. Something black. He turned to find the sword that hit him earlier on the head. He just realized then that he was parted from it when he came into the new setting. He grabbed the sword and kept a tight hold onto it. He when over to one of the openings that were arched into a perfect dome like entree. He looked out into the outside world, hoping to find an exist. But all that was there was more grassland. He cursed under his breath. He wanted to leave. He wanted to leave and find another escape from the old life that he was running away from. He wanted to get back to being away from the whole Greek God world and be completely out of the mess. But no. He couldn't even leave... But that also meant that no one could ever enter. Not without the sword anyway... He was alone. No one else was here. Maybe this place wasn't so bad after all. Just then the earth shook, vibrating violently under his feet, almost causing him to fall over onto the ground. The shaking, luckily, was short lived and, once he regains his balance, Nico stood to capture the sight before him. About two steps in front of him, a small glowing white hole broke through the stone ground. It just glowed brighter to where it almost blinded Nico, but the young man could still make out the large, clear lining of a pair of hands that grasp the two opposite sides of the circle. Within a second, the same clear, outlining shaped the silhouette of a mortal like figure with a large head, two eyes, a nose and mouth. Nico stepped back and rest his hand on his own sword, preparing himself for a fight. The figure rose entirely out of the hole, which soon faded away back to the way the stone floor was before. The figure stood straight and tall, almost a whole six feet, if not taller. Nico recognized what it was right before him in a minute, but he could tell something was off about the figure in front of him, who Nico could clearly class as a man. The spirit man in front of him stared back at him with soulless black eyes, like Nico had himself. It was the living who spoke first. "You're a ghost." Nico stated. "An undead spirit." "Yes, I am." The ghost spoke but there was something off about his voice. Unlike most, if not all, ghost or spirits he has encounter, their voices were small and spread out, like a warm breeze that was smooth across the entire air, barely able to hear sometime. This ghost's voice sounded as if it was a roar from a hollow place. Like his voice came from an enclose and concealed closure. "Hello." Nico nodded for his wave. "I'm Nico Di Angelo, son of Hades. What is your name?" Over the years and his from his experiences in the Underworld, Nico has observed and learn that the death was just like the living with it came to encountering and meeting new people. They liked to be given respect and some information of the stranger they are seeing. Nico really couldn't complain from that request since he was the same, if not stricter and demanding of it. The saw the spirit's eyes go wide and fill with an emotion Nico wasn't too familiar with. "Hello, My Lord." He spoke. "My name is Bradshaw. I am your humble servant." Nico raise a brow to him. "Pardon?" "I am here to serve you." Bradshaw responded. "I am the immortal servant to all the Kings of Oltre Malavita."