nearly missed by Percy as he noticed the second ork ship looming over to the other side sandwiching the Elizabeth between them. "Percy we can't just leave-," "That's an order! Go!" the stern voice of Percy sent the she-elf reeling before she ran to the deck shouting Percy's orders. He took a moment to enjoy looking at the beautiful rear of her best friend in her form fitting armor before walking off. He did not remain idle. Striding towards the set of fallen bows to the side of the ship where the bowmen dropped them after Cassandra's order to abandon ship, Percy took a weapon and knocked an arrow at it and drew. Percy knew he was a sucker at archery but with a target so large, it would be impossible for him to miss. He let the arrow lose and was astonished as the arrow completely bounced off the Orc ship and returned to him at full force. He barely managed to duck as it whizzed on his head and impaled itself at a barrel. "Now that's something that we don't see everyday. I know you're bad at archery but you cannot be that bad," an amused voice came from his back making Percy scowl as he turned to see the sandy haired Lieutenant of his ship with ten warriors armed to the teeth that he ordered to and Triton beside them his bronze armor contrasting badly with their white ones. "You've done what I said brother?" asked Percy looking at the blue-haired prince who snorted. "Yes, we've done it. I've asked Beckendorf to rig the gunpowder barrels and the rum with the time you said. Now it's six more minutes before we blow sky high. By the way, where is everybody?" he asked looking at the empty deck. "I've ordered them to abandon ship. The smoke is keeping them invisible at the Orcs and we need to keep it that way. I want five of you," he pointed to the five nearest him from the right. "...to go to the other side and release the broadsides stored there already while me and the others will do the same to keep up the facade that this ship is still crewed," "What about me?" asked Luke when Percy did not point at him. "You're better than anyone I know about rigging. So I want you to rig the steering wheel to keep the ship floating at a straight line," "I see," nodded Luke before he scampered off to the deck without a backward glance. Percy turned to the others. "Now the Orcs would be sending boarders after us once we fire. It would not be them to not board a ship, they relish battle. When they come, we would have a window of thirty seconds before their next boarding and we would need that time to abandon ship," "Abandon ship sir? Why?" asked one of the men. Percy only grinned manically. "Because the ship will blow up," he looked at the looming Orc craft floating beside them. "And we would take theirs with us," ... ... ... "FIRE!" the sound of cannons ripping the air before crashing on their targets are heard through the silent ocean. Triton grinned as he jumped backward barely avoiding the downward stroke of an orc twice his height with fangs jutting out of its lips. Percy had been right again. The orcs had boarded them immediately after the cannon fire and now they are engaged in hand to hand combat. Three orcs are dealing on his side with Percy and his men while another three are decimating Luke's men at the other side. "20...19...18," Triton ducked another axe swipe and charged with his trident. "17...16...15," he jabbed with his trident making the orc howl as one of its arms went limp, red blood spewing from its holes. "14...13...12," he kept on jabbing at the animal who barely dodged his attacks before crashing down dead. "11...10...9," Triton jumped over the railing and kicked the nearest orc he can find chopping the head off one of the sailors. "8...7...6," Triton blocked the orc's stroke with a well timed parry. "5...4...3," Triton smashed the head of the orc with his trident sending it dizzying off from the impact, "2...1...0..," "ABANDON SHIP!" Triton hollered at the top of his voice, immediately running ignoring his enemy barely recognizing the survivors before jumping off from the edge of the deck watching the waters came closer and with an impact, engulfing him. He barely managed to find his breath when the sound of their ship's explosing sent him downward even more. Using his arms to swim, Triton hauled himself up the surface with his armor before reaching the surface, taking deep breaths of precious air on his panting lungs. He and the others have always trained to swim with armor on them. It was hard but possible. Relief however flooded his face as he recognized Luke and Percy floating a few yards beside him gasping also with three others who survived. Removing his gaze at his companions, he stared at the burning three boats. Even here he could hear the orcs' panicked screams trying to save their gigantous ships. He grinned, Percy's plan was an ingenious as ever. Once the ships' sink, the fishmen would attack the orcs and kill them all. Moving his limbs, he swam to the foggy smoke a few yards behind them where the other survivors in their boats are hiding. ... ... ... I KNOW I SAID THAT I WONT WRITE AGAIN BUT I AM TOO TEMPTED NOT TO HIHIHIHI. BESIDES, I LOOKED AT THE COMPLETE PERTEMIS STORIES AND WAS HORRIFIED WITH HOW MANY ARE COMPLETE. I MEAN COME ON TRA-LA. THERE ARE AT LEAST 1K PLUS PERCY AND ARTEMIS PAIRINGS BUT 1OO+ ONLY. THAT'S SADDENING. ANYWAY HOPE YOU ENJOY THIS VERY UNIQUE STORY AND DONT HESITATE TO REVIEW AND ASK YOUR QUESTIONS, COMMENTS AND CLARIFICATIOS. HIHIHIHI TRA-LA-LAY PS: I AM A GIRL! KEEP THAT IN MIND.