the littlest sound caused him even more pain. He vowed to himself to never drink again. Percy took his hand and led him off the boat slowly and with ease. He didn't look fazed from his action at all last night which made Nico wonder about his drinking and partying habits and how frequently they were. He pushed it aside, admiring the way his skin looked on the morning sun, like a true piece of bronze beauty. They walked off the ramp and Nico walked by himself up the the building near by that was his family home. It was also the office place of his father's series of apartment around town. Another small fortune he invested into for the sport of it. He turned back to him, who was still dressed in old steamboat stained clothes. He was dazzling in the light, truly radiating loveliness by just standing there and smiling at him like he wasn't a piece of trash for what he felt and though of him in that moment. Like he could relate to the sinful nastiness. "Thank you." "No biggie, my friend." He felt himself get giddy from the new title he was just rewarded. He wanted to be more then his friend, yes, but it was a starting point and what he wanted to start at. Relationships that started off as friendship last... Right? Nico felt him follow him to the back wall where he would climb up the fire escape and enter into his bedroom through the window. He didn't want to go through the front entree, knowing his father would be there to find him hungover and that was not going to end well. He tried not to think about that. He turned back around to face the man behind him to only find himself shoved into the hard brick wall behind him. He realized with a shock what was happening when his feet lifted up from the ground. He always knew it was coming, that his secret will one day get out, and now he will have to face the consequences that came with it. With himself... He closed his eyes tightly, tensing up his jaw and cheeks so the hit wouldn't hit to much. He counted to five before he felt the hard pressure press on his lips instead of his cheek. It stopped all to soon with Percy letting him go slowly and longingly. He placed him onto the ground, but kept the closeness, still pushing him against his chest and the wall. He loved the forceful pressure, not wanting to be free from it. He opened his eyes, that he didn't noticed closed. He still could see only his nose down due to the heigh different but that was his main interest at that point. He started at those sweet looking lips and felt himself about to lose control. He was shaking again soon afterwards. Percy leaned into his face without a word of warning, but Nico was the one who ended it by pressing their lips together into a passive kiss. It was short and soft and sweet... It was his first time kissing anyone, especially a man. He never felt so alive, like he was actually being who he truly was for once. It was also so lovely. It was a flaming fondness that he never experience before. And he loved it... They parted a small distance; he still being able to felt him warm breath and smell the salty scent in it. "We'll be back two weeks from tomorrow... I would like to see you again then..." It wasn't ordering or forceful. It was hopeful and soft, like he was gently implying that he really did wanted to see him again. He was just as scared as Nico himself was. He felt better for that, making him nod his answer. Percy kissed him again then; it was longer and more nerve thrilling then anymore he ever felt. Nico felt bad when they parted again. He almost didn't want him to go as he started walking away from him. "Goodbye." "Goodbye." That was the best moment of his life then. After that, whenever they met again in a more recent time period, it was topped. It was the moment to change everything, but it was still never as good as it was the next time he saw him. He turned back to the window to find the men loaded into the boat with the lights still bright and beautiful. The boat with its men on it were about to depart from the dock and they promised to return with more liquor for his father in a week. Nico had said farewell to Percy before hand, sneaking onto the boat while he was alone in the caption cabin. They said goodbye with a kiss or two and made there way off before dinner time. Nico would miss him while he was gone. He had the constant fear of never seeing him again if he never return. He had no way to contact him if that happen and it scared him to death to know he could so simply slip away from him like that. He watched as the beauty of a boat sail away into the blue water that he knew Percy would be lovingly looking at. He watched it till it smoothly drifted out of his sight before laying down for his nightly rest. He whispered his farewell one last time, like he always did, before closing his eyes. "Good night, Percy." {...} I think the plot is easy to understand so I won't state it. Also, I'm sorry if your following my other story "Into A New Light" that I haven't posted in a while. I'm working on it, but it's Annabeth POV and it's hard for me to do that. That and I had family issues that had to be taken care of first. So please just be patient with me for a while. Thanks!