she closed the distance and put her head against Percy's chest, she was still asleep; she had to be or else she would've probably shoved him off the bed. With his arms wrapped tightly around Annabeth and his chin resting over her messy blonde curls, he kissed the top of her head, I am so sorry. And that was how he stayed for the rest of the night, stuck somewhere inside his chaotic mind. Eyes squeezed shut… just thinking. /0/0/0/0/0/ Soaked in darkness, he must've somehow fallen asleep (because hey, even if he had slept the whole day a way, he still relinquished sleep… who didn't?). Before he knew it, sunlight was streaming in and he was abruptly sitting up thinking 'SHOOT! I can't afford to be absent at the company again!'. Then he realized it was Saturday and with that very revealing realization came another: FOOD! He could smell the delectable aroma from here. Annabeth had to be cooking some seriously yummy stuff! Getting dressed in record time (the motivation of pancakes did that to you), Percy was halfway to the kitchen a when yet another revealing bomb was dropped on him: The Fight. Oh gods, how could he have forgotten?! His cheerful good humor flew out the window and he was back to gloomy-doomy . Sinking to his knees, his head fell back onto the sea green wall. Gah, why was this so hard? He had a better question yet: how could he be so stupid?! Feeling the very strong urge to pull every single one of his hairs out, he settled on a decision. He would act normal-yeah. Act like the past week hadn't even occurred and hoped that Annabeth would too. This was his drive as he casually stepped into the kitchen where, yes, blue pancakes were set on a plate. "Good Morning," He greeted easily. Annabeth's back was turned since she was using the coffee machine. "Morning Percy, Percy released the breath he didn't even know he was holding. Okay, so normal it was... So why didn't he feel more relieved? Happy even? Instead why was disappointment dragging itself through his stomach? Annabeth finished making her coffee And turned around. She looked as beautiful as ever. Holding up the black substance, she looked at Percy. "I'm making some coffee - " Without warning, Percy interrupted her."Why?" Annabeth gave him a weird glance "Um, because without coffee I become sleeping beauty." He shook his head; it was as if his body had a mind of it's own, because just what was he doing?! "Yesterday I mean. I was sick and you - " he sighed "Why?" Well, there he went. So much for normality. But it was becoming clearer to him by the second that he needed to know why she'd stayed. He just did. "Oh" Annabeth placed the pot on the counter before deciding how to word her answer. Percy could tell by the expressions she was making. Finally, she spoke. "Because I made a vow to you, Percy, to remain at your side and support you in the good times... And the bad." The 23 year old felt his heart fall painfully. Oh . "So you helped me solely because you didn't want to go back on your word?" "No!" She furrowed her eyebrows and her voice became tight. Percy didn't know what to think. A rigid silence settled over them until Annabeth swallowed and stared directly into Percy's eyes - those stormy gray orbs bore into his very soul. Calm one moment and fierce the next but always powerful. "I respected my oath, I stayed by your side, because... because..." Somehow the two were now less than two feet away from the other and with a burst of confidence, Annabeth took a daring step forward. One foot away. "Because I love you seaweed brain. What other reason do I need?" Her voice faltered. "What other reason do you need?" It was a broken whisper. Percy stared at her breathlessly. And then he blinked. He was through staring. It didn't matter how much he didn't deserve Annabeth or her love. He had it anyway. So instead of beating himself up for his mistakes, Percy was going to rectify them—or at least he was going to try . The past was exactly that—The Past. It was not going to change. But now, now was the present and it was always changing. What he decided to do in the here and now would impact and form his future. Because he too had meant it when he said 'I do' That special thing he had with Annabeth was real —it was lasting. What they were building was permanent—a monument to endure hardships and obstacles. With one final step, Percy closed the distance between Annabeth and himself. They were less than an inch away from each other. With a tender hand, Percy brushed a strand of Annabeth's hair while the other tilted her chin upwards. "When I said you couldn't build something that would last, I was wrong. I know you can because you never give up. Because have a resilient, kind spirit. Because you have something permanent with me." Giving her a goofy smile and brushing a tear that streaked down her cheek, he softly whispered, "You don't need any other reason because I love you too, Wise Girl." Without another word, he brought his lips down to hers. Their intertwined hands were knit closely together. Tightly gripped as if neither planned on letting go. Forever and Ever. I guess you could. AN: No guys, I am not leaving the YJ fandom completely and No, I am not becoming a world renown romantic/sappy writer. Cuz like Eeeew. I however do adore Percabeth hence why I wrote this. *happy dance* Yayy Um… And I'm back? This thing would just not leave me alone so here you go... *Nervous smile* yeah imma just... Go. WOO-HOO PEEPS MY FIRST PJO STORY! Thanks for reading and hope you loved it! ~AF