after we're done? Start writing up the powerpoint?" I asked. "I have a soccer game this evening, so today won't work. Does tomorrow work?" "Yeah, sure. What time?" "Anytime after 5:30 will do." "How about 6:00? At the district library?" "Sounds good." The teacher spoke up from the front of the room. "Time to pack up guys." Liam closed up his laptop, and turned to me. "Here, I'll take yours up." I was packing up my bag when the bell rang. Finally , I thought, school is over. I hurried up, and headed towards the door. John Bart and I headed back to the hotel. We knew we had to talk, but we'd rather not draw the attention of mortals. We got to our room, and unlocked the door. I set my backpack next to my bed and sat down on it. "Hey, I'm going to e-mail Sarah, find out who her partner is." "You know who it is." "Yeah, well a little confirmation couldn't hurt." I snapped back at him. Bart just shrugged and laid back onto his bed. Grabbed my computer, and sent an email to sarah. Hey, Sarah. What's up? Did you choose someone for your math project? Wish we could've done ours together, Bart is still refusing to work on it. You wanna hang out tomorrow? Bart and I are gonna work on it for a bit, and then we'll be free. I waited for a reply. With any luck we'd be heading back to camp Half-Blood in the next few days. We don't know if we'll make it out alive, though. "Bart, we need to get a plan." Bart sighed. "We can intercept him en route." "Well, duh. But we don't even know where they're meeting." Bart sat up and folded his hands. "The way I see it, we have two options. We can try and get her to tell us where they're meeting and ambush him, or we can follow him home after school." "Trying to get him at the meeting place is way too hit and miss. We don't know enough about where they're meeting, where he lives, what route he'll take." "Where he lives?" "Oh, I guess I never thought about the fact that monsters don't really live anywhere." "That's not entirely true, sometimes monsters have nests." "Well, if we're not guaranteed to find a nest, we don't have time to try. We need a surefire plan. Or at least a way to confront him. The school year is coming to a close and a monster this patient won't let her get away easily." My laptop pinged, and we both stared at it for a minute. I reached over and clicked on the notification. I cursed under my breath. At least we have a window to work with. "What does it say?" "They're meeting tomorrow at 6." "Well, crap." "Yeah, that gives us a 4 hour window to track him down and kill him. It's better than if they met after school, but not by much." We thought for a minute. I got up and walked back and forth. I was never good at strategizing. I'm no child of Athena. "He has to know who we are by now." I said. Bart just shook his head. "Not for sure, he might have smelled us, but in a crowded area he might not be able to pick us out. We haven't met him in person yet." "Well let's change that." "Are you nuts?!" I stopped pacing, and turned to face Bart. "No, that's it! We'll ask if we can work with them. I told her you've been refusing to work on it, I think she'll buy it." "Hey!" He yelled, but I just smirked back at him. "In all seriousness, we can meet her there. If we kill him before hand, great. If we don't, then we will be there to protect Sarah anyway. We can kill him on the way out." "That might be very hard to pull off." "You have a better idea?" Bart just shrugged, so I wrote up another email. Emails are usually dangerous for demigods, but it's the least personal form of online communication. That makes it the safest for us. The same Liam that you were talking about at lunch? Weird. Hey, do you mind if we join you tomorrow? Maybe you can get Bart to actually work on the project. I clicked send. Then I went to my backpack and got the map of the town. We didn't have very many materials to work with. I have a sword, Bart has some pipes and a club. Even with the element of surprise, there is a distinct possibility we will be outmatched. I took out a sharpie, drawing a circle around a building on the map. "That's the school, and we're over here. First question is, do we try to bring our weapons to school, or do we come back to get them. When we timed it, we could get back to the room in 15 minutes. That's 30 minutes round trip." "Without knowing where he will go, this will be tough." "Wait, she said he was pretty amazing at soccer, so maybe he's on a team. We might be able to get him at practice." "Hey, moron. He's a MONSTER. He doesn't actually play for a team. It's probably some modern/european interpretation of his mythology. We'll just get him when he tries to make a move. That's the only time he'll be vulnerable." "This is weird, monsters aren't usually this patient. It's like he's waiting for us to make a move." "We'll just have to be prepared for it." That night, I could barely get to sleep. Our survival and hers depended on a couple of hours. If we didn't use that time wisely, then she would die. I've done extractions before, but none of them ever came this close. Nevertheless, tomorrow, I was determined to do everything to kill that monster one way or another.