frozen, and last Percy checked it was summer. Shadows loomed over him, the darkness would have usually triggered some… unpleasant memories, but somehow the biting cold kept calling him, his concentration never wavered from the path ahead; what was behind him faded away, into whispers and emptiness. The lack of fear was so relaxing Percy started humming along to the whispers of the wind around him; he became one with the cold around him. The winter didn't complain. He walked for a while, but his footsteps never faltered and his arms hung next to him, neither of them were covered in goose bumps despite the needle like pain that occasionally sprinkled them, whenever the pain came the wind howled and apology and Percy forgave it, too mesmerised to really care. "Hello," A voice called and Percy stumbled slightly, taking cover behind a tree, hoping that reality hadn't come to claim him again so soon, it wouldn't have surprised him if it had; the Fates seemed to like to mess with him as much as possible. "Is anyone out there?" Percy sighed but walked towards the voice, the cold called him back but he shut it out, hurt, the cold blew away, Percy didn't allow himself to care. "Yeah, it's me." Percy called out; hoping whoever found him knew who he was; the last thing he wanted was some stranger walking out to ask who 'me' is. "Percy?" Thank the Gods. "There you are!" Now Percy was confused, had someone been looking for him? A blond head emerged from the trees and piercing grey eyes met his and Annabeth sagged in relief. "Annabeth, what's going on with-" He waved his arm vaguely, "this?" Annabeth sighed and rubbed her temple, Percy mentally slapped himself – Jason told him they'd all had their powers taken, Annabeth included, and there he was pointing it out to her and probably making her feel even worse than she already did. "Sorry, I didn't-" "Don't worry about it, I might not be a 'Wise-Girl' anymore but I can still answer simple questions" Percy noticed the way her eyes darkened at her old nickname and mentally slapped himself again. "Does that mean I'm not a 'Seaweed Brain' anymore?" He hadn't liked where that conversation had been going and humour was his anchor, he hoped it would be Annabeth's too. "Not a chance," She grinned and Percy dramatically threw his hands in the air before wiping his eyes. "My dreams will come true one day, I shall have a new nickname better than any others-" Percy wasn't an expert at speaking like a posh person so he tried to mimic Jason as best he could, Jason would deny it until the end of the universe but the Son of Jupiter did sound like a posh bastard. "'Shark Boy' shall be your nickname." Annabeth tapped him on his left shoulder then his right, as if knighting him, Percy grinned stupidly at that, and then he reconsidered the nickname. "I'd rather be called anything else but that, milady." Percy shrugged as if his dislike of the nickname was completely out of his control, which was kind of the case. "How about 'Aqua Boy'?" Annabeth shrugged, yet her eyes were shimmering and a smirk graced her tired features, the cold had almost vanished from their minds. "Yeah, cause that's so much better." Percy snorted, Annabeth laughed at him and Percy's spirit rose slightly. "I'm not going to call you handsome if that's what you had in mind." She slapped him on the arm, Percy hardly felt the pain, he wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. "You could call me 'Guapo'," Percy suggested, biting his cheek to prevent himself from grinning and giving his plan away. "Is that just handsome in another language?" Percy reeled in his surprise at the question, he honestly thought Annabeth knew what the word meant, but then again what did he know about what was left of Annabeth's brilliant mind? "Nope," He told her popping the 'p', Annabeth's smirk flickered slightly, before her confident smile was back on her face. "Is it just a synonym of 'Handsome' in another language?" Annabeth huffed, Percy cursed internally, no matter how much the Gods messed with the daughter of Athena's brain, she would always outwit him, he was glad she did, it made him feel human, a feeling he hadn't known for years, until now. "No." He said unconvincingly and Annabeth laughed throwing her head back and releasing great gasps of air towards the sky, Percy thought she was laughing at him but was she? Or was she laughing for some deeper reason than he realised? Before he could ponder the thought any longer, Annabeth head snapped back to him and she wrapped her arms around him, Percy tensed in surprise and then relaxed, hugging her back. "Thank you." Annabeth muttered into his shoulder, Percy narrowed his eyes and as if she could sense his confusing Annabeth continues, "Everyone else has been acting to different since Olympus, but you're still you and when I'm around you I feel like me again." Annabeth took a deep breath and her shoulders briefly shook, she held onto him a little harder. "You are still you, Annabeth. No power could ever change who you are, sure we adapt and shift in and out of focus, but we don't change, not really." He told her gently, the words echoing around them and Percy briefly hoped his words made their way all the way back to the camp and into the ears of his friends – he hoped they understood that the shadow they had fallen under won't last forever. ~Thanks for Reading! Please tell me what you thought of this rewrite- did you like it? Hate it? plz let me know! P.S: There are quite a few mistakes but the grammar check I usually use won't let me log in for some reason - sorry P.P.S: I don't own anything