time I want to know when you two need help." Nemesis crossed her arms. "I know I'm not the easiest person to talk to, but I do care. And I will help." Luke and Nemesis held each other's gaze, "I promise, I'll tell both of you when Ethan and I need help." "Thank you." Hermes sighed. Luke suddenly perked up, "Is Ethan okay? I asked a nurse earlier, but she wouldn't say. He's going to be okay right?" Nemesis sighed, "He'll make a full recovery. They want him to stay for a while, so they can keep track of his progress. He should be able to go home sometime tomorrow." Luke's shoulders drooped, "Oh thank gods. I had thought- I mean- he just looked so… Not like himself." Nemesis knew what he meant. Ethan always held himself in a strong way, made sure everyone knew that he was independent and didn't need anyone's help. In that hospital bed, he looks anything but strong and independent. He looks small, tired, and weak. She knows her son well enough to know that he must feel vulnerable and uncomfortable. She sighed, "You can go home, Luke-" "What? No!" Luke protested. "I'm staying as long as Ethan is!" Hermes placed a gentle hand on Luke's shoulder. "I think Ethan and Nemesis need to talk. You and I can come back tomorrow when he can come back home." Luke looked sharply at his father, "You and I?" Hermes raised an eyebrow, "Yes, you and I have more to discuss." Nemesis held back a smirk, "Don't worry, I'll let Ethan know why you're not waiting outside his door like a lost puppy." Luke glared, but it wasn't as harsh as usual. "Fine, we'll be back tomorrow." "See you then." When Nemesis came back to Ethan's room, Ethan was looking more awake than before. He glanced up, quickly looking back down once he seen that it was her. Nemesis held back a sigh and sat down in the chair next to his bed. They sat in silence. "Luke and his father will be back tomorrow when you're released." She muttered. Ethan perked up a bit, "Mr. Castellan was here too?" Nemesis hummed, "My theory is that his father paid one of the nurses to let him know if Luke was ever at the hospital." Ethan held back a laugh, "I can see that." "Much more probable than Luke actually calling his father in his state of worry." Ethan snorted, "Yeah." "Or you putting Mr. Castellan as one of your emergency contacts." Ethan met her eyes, not saying a word. Nemesis rose an eyebrow and her lips twitched upward. "Now isn't that a funny thought." Ethan bit his lip, "Do you think Luke will be mad when he figures it out?" " If he figures it out." Nemesis muttered. "But no, I doubt that he would be upset. Not when he was waiting outside your door most of the night. You're-" Nemesis swallowed, "-best friends." Ethan smiled slightly, "We are." "You know," She started. It was amazing how those words immediately had her son tense and taking a defensive position. So it has begun. "It would be nice to know when my son needs help." Ethan, for his part, didn't look surprised when she said it. No, he looked resigned, as they both knew that they would have a talk about this. "It would be nice to be able to tell my mother when I need help without having to worry about her giving me millions of lectures and holding it over my head for years after the fact." "I don't hold it over your head for years after the fact!" Nemesis snapped. Ethan held back a smirk, looking like he just proved an unspoken point. Okay, no, they were not going to play this game again. It was unhealthy and it never solved any of their problems. There were no winners or losers when it came to a parent and their child talking things out. But if they were to play this game, Ethan would have the first point. She took a breath and gathered her composure again. "I had only brought it up again to remind you that I was good at helping you." "Really?" Ethan asked. "Because it seemed like you wanted to remind me of one of the very few times I ever asked for your help or ever needed it, just to throw it back in my face." "Ethan-" Nemesis stopped herself. They never communicated well, did they? It was the main reason they had such a rocky relationship. No matter how much they loved and cared about each other. "I never meant to 'throw it back in your face'. I just wanted remind you that I was capable of helping you. That you were capable of letting me help you." Ethan sighed, the game seemed to be on hold. "I didn't realize what you were trying to do." He bit his lip and whispered quietly. "I'm sorry." Nemesis shook her head, "Don't be sorry. I would have assumed the same thing you did. No matter how much we deny it, we are alike." It was true, whether they like it or not. They had the same temper, spitefulness, and general aura of indifference. Ethan handled it better than her, as he managed to make and keep friends. Nemesis barely managed to keep good acquaintances. "No wonder we get along so well." Ethan rolled his eyes. Nemesis snorted and laughed, Ethan slowly joining in. Their laughter subsided, Nemesis quickly sobering up. She grabbed his hand, silently comparing them. "Ethan." Nemesis' voice was stern and made Ethan lookup. "You are not on your own." Ethan looked down, "I know . It's just hard to remember…" They had a lot to work on. But baby steps were always a start. "I can remind you." She said softly. Ethan gave her a small smile, "Thank you, mom." She returned his smile, "I love you too, Ethan."