of it for me." Percy let out an airy chuckle in disbelief. "You know," He said, "This job can be really shitty sometimes. You kill some sick bastard, turns out he's got a wife, maybe some kids. And sometimes the kids, sometimes even the wives, they're clueless, they don't have any idea what the guy was doing when he wasn't around them in order to get murdered. Then they've gotta live the rest of their lives wondering why their husband or dad was killed." Percy swallowed the knot in his throat, "And sometimes...You feel guilty for having to do it. Not for killing the guys, but for just how clueless their families really were. But guys like you...The guys who don't have anyone in their pathetic lives, it feels damn good to wipe scum like you off the earth." Gabe burst into laughter, "So, you think you're doing good for the world? Blasting guys like me in the head for a living? What about you, huh? You don't think those kids aren't going to grow up, wanting to blast you in the head for killing their daddies? You just wait, kid, someday you'll have a gun pressed to your head." Percy raised his gun, "Well, as long as I can take guys like you down with me, I could care less." "Heh," Gabe chuckled, "Keep thinking that way. Someday, kid...Someday, you will care. Or, you'll have people in your lives that you care for. And then, not only will you be killed off, but so will they. And it will be your fault, it will be their blood on your hands." Percy only paused a moment longer, then squinted his eyes, aiming the sights between Gabe's eyes, "Keep still, will you?" Gabe cracked a smirk, raising his hands in surrender. He pulled the trigger. Then Gabe's brains were splattered on the wall. Percy unlocked the door to the apartment, stumbling inside. He closed the door shut behind him, stumbling into the living room as he tumbled onto the couch. Exhausted, he could hardly notice the awful stench of the apartment. His murder kits tumbled to the floor as he dropped them beside the sofa. He felt himself dozing off, despite his intentions on returning home, when his cell phone vibrated in his breast pocket. Percy dug it out, eyes heavy from exhaustion, "Yeah?" "There you are!" Grover's voice nagged, "I called you a million times! I was beginning to worry, you know." Percy sat forward, scratching the back of his head. "Sorry," He muttered, "I didn't want to be on my phone while I was driving." "No worries," Grover replied, "So...Did you get the job done?" "Of course I did." "Good. You see, what did I tell you?" Percy lifted his legs up onto the splintered coffee table as Grover continued to ramble on. "I'll let you go, man," Grover eventually said, "Get home and get some rest. I'll come by for a visit tomorrow alright?" "A visit-?" "See ya then!" Grover cut in, hanging up before he could protest. Percy sighed, shoving his phone back into his pocket. "Bastard," He muttered under his breath, rising from the sofa with a stretch. He wandered towards the door, stepping out into the hallway as he locked up his apartment. Percy took the stairs down to the ground floor, and stepped out into the biting November cold. Within minutes, he spotted a taxi, hailed it, and gave him the address to his mother's house. "That's ten minutes out of the city, buddy," The taxi driver grumbled, "It's gonna cost you some dough." Percy brandished one of the hundred dollar bills from his assignment money that he had grabbed, showing it to the driver. "Is that enough of an incentive for you?" The driver took it, nodding slowly, "Yeah...No problem." Percy leaned against the closed door of the taxi, leaning his head down as he began to doze on and off until he got home. The taxi driver barked at him when they finally arrived. Percy thanked him, stumbled out of the car, and walked down the pathway leading to the house. He pulled out a separate key for the house, unlocking the door. Percy stepped inside, the screen door shutting behind him. He hung his coat and kicked his shoes before heading straight to his room on the second floor. Percy, as he walked down the short hallway, peeked around the ajar door to his mom's room. She was slumped over, dozing. Her glasses sat on her face, and an open book was in her lap. He stepped inside, removing her glasses as he put the book onto her nightstand. She yawned, stirring slightly, "Percy?" "Hey," He whispered, adjusting her pillow, "Get some sleep, alright?" "You too," She muttered. His mother tucked a strand of her hair over, before pulling the covers over her. Percy shut off the lamp beside her bed, "Goodnight, mom." "Night." Percy stepped out of the room, closing the door behind him. He crossed the hall into his room. Sighing slightly at the extreme dishevelment of it, he walked over to his bed, flopping down on it before falling into a dreamless sleep. Damn it , he thought to himself before turning onto his side, I forgot sleeping pills... A/N: How was that for a first chapter? Good, I hope. Just as a side note, I started writing this a little before Thanksgiving, which explains the Christmas music scene. The chapters will get longer at times, so there will be much more to read in the coming weeks. Normally my first chapter is a tad bit shorter, just to lay the groundwork down and to set the scene. As usual, I'll update every Saturday, or on really special occasions if I have enough chapters written. Like I said, I appreciate all the input one can write, and favorites or follows I appreciate immensely, too. Please, don't be shy to me know if you're enjoying the story! Thanks, Leaded-Pegasus