everything was going to happen right before it happened. When Luke was about to swing, Percy somehow knew and blocked correctly. Not only that but Percy caught Luke off guard and smashed his shoulder into him, knocking him off balance. Percy then knocked the sword out of Luke's hand. Everyone was dead silent at the sword hit the ground with a clang. Chiron broke the silence,"One point for Percy. Get ready for the next round." When the two got on opposite sides of the ring for the last round, everyone was sitting up and paying attention. They wanted to see whether the new kid could beat the best kid in the school. When Chiron said start, Percy and Luke rushed each other, their swords colliding sending a clang through the air. When one swung their sword, the other blocked with equal strength. Soon however, Percy started to get tired. Once you get tired, it's only a matter of time before you make a mistake, and an mistake in a dual can cost you the battle. Percy made the mistake of swinging too far, and Luke took advantage of it. When Percy over swung, Luke hit the sword away from Percy's hand and disarmed him of it. Then he knocked Percy's legs out from under him and pointed his sword at his throat. "And Luke wins the round and the game." Chiron said. Luke approached Percy and stuck out his hand. He lifted him off the ground and started to talk to him. "Hey, Percy right? Where did you learn to fight like that. I haven't had a challenge like that for a while." Luke said. "Well after I poured some water over myself I felt more calm, maybe that is what happened" Percy responded. "Well, if you even want some help improving on your sword skills, come ask me, okay," Luke said and Percy nodded. Luke walked away to a group of people. When Percy got to the crowd of kids, people started to overwhelm him with questions about how he did what he did. The only thing that saved him was the bell, indicating the end of class and the end of the school day. All the kids asking him questions left to go to their rooms. Grover and Nico then went up to Percy,"Percy! How did you do that. No one has ever beat Luke in 2 years. That was amazing!" Nico exclaimed. The two friends asked Percy how he did what he did and he told that that he didn't know how it happened. He just knew what to do. "Anyway, school's over. Do you know the way to dorm 205?" Percy asked. Nico nodded and told Percy to follow him. When they got to the student dorms, Percy was surprised The building was pretty modern and had about 6 stories. The rooms on the higher levels had a balcony overlooking the campus. When the went inside the building, there were many students running around. There were stores and a few food places that people were going in and out of. "I'm gonna get something to eat. You can either take the stairs or the elevator." Nico said as he went over to one of the food places. Since there were a lot of people by the elevator, Percy decided to take the stairs. He opened the door and started to walk up them. Once he saw a pair of doors that had a 2 next to them, he opened them and walked down the hallway to find his room. '210, 211, 212' Percy thought in his mind as he passed the rooms. He was getting closer to his room, 225 Right as he passed room 224 he hit something and fell to the ground. When he looked up, he saw the blonde girl that was in his study hall and gym class. She was looking up at him, with an angry look on her face. "Sorry. I guess I wasn't looking where I was going. Are you okay?" Percy asked the girl. "Yeah obviously you weren't looking. I am okay though, thanks for asking. My name is Annabeth, Annabeth Chase, what's your's?" she asked holding out her hand. "Percy Jackson" he replied taking the hand. He couldn't believe that one of the hottest girls in the school was talking to him right now. "I'm in room 224" not only that but she was in the room next to him "Well guess what, I'm in room 225. Isn't that funny" Percy said. They said goodbye before going into their rooms. Once Percy turned on the lights, he was amazed at what was inside. There was a small kitchen, a table with a laptop on it, and couch with a flat screen TV in front, a huge bedroom, and bathroom. There were also two doors on either side of his room, to get to the other rooms if necessary ( AN: Both sides of the door must be unlocked to open the door ). SInce Percy was tired from the duel he just had, he took a quick shower and plopped on his bed. It was a Friday, so he could sleep without worrying. As soon as his put his head on the pillow, he passed out.. This is the end of the chapter. Hey leave a review so I can put it in my next chapter and not need to type as much. Damn my laziness. Well I hope you enjoyed the chapter and let me know what you thought and if you have any suggestions, hit me up. Excuse any crappy writing, it should improve as time goes on. Here is the school schedule for Percy. The classes stay the same because it would be too confusing and would take a lot of effort. 1- History 2- Math 3- Science 4- Greek 5- Lunch 6- Study Hall 7- Combat Readiness Class / Gym I have an english essay to complete, so I'll see you all later.