smiling sun! What the... The Yelling-Museum-Relic laughed at my reaction: "Oh don't worry kid, just a present of my dad – comes of it if your Dad is the God of the Sun. So I am Will Solace, the head of the infirmary even if everybody want to have me to retire. As if I am that old!" The Yelling-Museum-Relic – no: Will – laughed again (not that I saw it, I was literally blinded by his smile...) "And that guy you just saw me beat the Underworld out of him – even if I doubt I would ever succeed in that, it's complicated as he's a big part of the Underworld himself... but however that's Nico di'Angelo, my annoying idiot of a husband." Oh.. right... a 17 year old kid married with an old man... I have to get out of here...! "No you don't, Sea'n, stop acting like a kid!" I AM a kid! "And no, I am not some kind of pedophile, my husband just happens to be immortal and hasn't grown older since 64 years... but it has its perks! You know in..." Will smirked. Oh great, a non-pedophile sex maniac, apparently. "I am twelve years old, Sir." Will got red: "Oh shit... sorry I forgot a moment that you're that young... we have so much of people walking around here who are much older than they seem... that you sometimes forget... I'm keeping my mouth shut and..." Now he was rambling... what does this place have with people looking cool and dangerous and everything and the next time searching their words in panic? "It's, okay, Sir." "Will! No calling me sir here, I'm way to young for that!" He winked at me. "So, Sean, welcome to camp Halfblood. Do you already know who your godly parent is?" What the f... "I don't have a godly parent. And so do you! They don't exist!" Will's face fell... yup.. I looked straight through your game, old man... Or not. "Guess we should begin with the introduction video then..." he mumbled, disappointed, "Follow me, kid." Introduction video...? Whatever, just don't think about it. The less you think, the less everything will feel weird... and the less you will freak out Sea'n! Just don't freak out! Everybody knows that if you'll have to run for you life because they happen to be disguised humanivore cows, you'll need that clear, awake, non-panicked, non-freaked out head! Or you will die! And so I followed him through this weird camp, at a obeying kid, while in my head I was already counting my survival/run away options... until I suddenly heard him mumble: "And I would have thought it too... I... guess it's not him, than." No! Just don't say it. He is not speaking about me. He is NOT! I lay in my bed in the Hermes cabin... thinking. Trying to get this all right in my mind. So I was the kid of some Greek God – Guess they weren't going to eat me after all! – . Who I never have met, and I wouldn't even know it when I would meet him, because I wouldn't even recognize him... or even know who he is – what God. I just know it is a man, because I know my mum... I'm sure she's my real mum.. completely sure.. yeah... Oh stop rambling! And now I am in some camp with kids just like me – and adults just like me,– in the cabin of the God of thieves and travelers. Great. My room mates already managed to steal my boxer while I had him on... Fantastic! You get the point, don't you? I also met the Chief of the Camp, Mr. J, some blond 17 years old guy who was in the same case of Nico the Death: immortal. His wife wasn't there, as I heard my roommates say they were in their sixty-fifth 'I need some time for myself" what I translated to 'breakup'. But apparently that happened every year at this period of June, and ended around half- August. I also met the Camp trainer Chiron – who was a fucking Centaur! But really kind too. And of course Will Solace, the most weird old man I had ever seen. Quick as a haze, dangerous as an angry Rhino, fierce as a cat, and soft as a Teddy-Bear. Yeah.. kind of the doctor you adore and are completely frightened of at the same time. But the most weird encounter wasn't even Will Solace and his husband. No it was Annabeth Chase, the sobbing girl. I had seen her again from a distance, and asked Will if he knew her. He had turned pink a moment, then said he did. But it was everything he had wanted to tell me about her. As he said: "Some mysteries are meant to stay mysteries." So I had asked my roommates and they had all the same answer: Annabeth Chase had been at Camp as long as they remembered. She was never participating to any training, didn't do any Capture the Flag, didn't eat on the same table as all the other kids. She was even rarely there at Eating-Time. And if she was, she was sitting on the Poseidon Table, while everybody knew she was daughter of Athena. They also knew she was probably the most dangerous person in camp, and they all knew the story of Annabeth Chase beating the Hell out of a Hermes Kid who had drawn a mustache on the statue of the Hero of Olympus. The kid had stayed two months in the infirmary before coming out, and Annabeth hadn't been punished. Since then, everybody just walked with a long bow around the statue, because nobody knew, perhaps breathing on it could be enough to upset her. And nobody wanted to come at her bad side. And most of all, nobody had ever seen Annabeth cry or show any real emotion. Except me. The newby. Why?