partially suspicious of his actions. Of course, it was common courtesy to kiss a woman's hand. But one time was typically seen as more than adequate. "I found her in a desolate slum, starved and on the edge of death," The captain began solemnly, his eyes drifting down, "It's so common a scenario, poor girls on the streets with no one to care for them. But I knew that I had to do something. So, I took her in." Roi leaned towards Rheia, clasping his hands on her shoulders, "And now," He said, "Look at us!" Rheia was smiling, but in her father's direction. Annabeth frowned at this action. Frederick chuckled over a glass of wine, "How long ago did you two marry?" "Six months ago!" The two of them burst into laughter, as her father struggled to keep his wine down. "I have to say, Roi, you certainly keep yourself...Busy." "Oh," The captain grinned, "Indeed I do." Annabeth looked away in disgust. And as the night went on, the more and more she wanted to leave. But everytime she stood up to, her father, in the midst of his drunken celebrating, grabbed her arm, forcing her to sit, "Sit down," He would say, "You're being rude." She almost got away, as her father had a heated, but brief conversation with one of the guards, "-Tried to get into the party..." He said to Frederick. At this, Captain Roi looked over, scratched a spot near his lip briefly, and looked away. "Well, get them out of here!" With that, the guard quickly rushed off, as her father downed another drink, simultaneously grabbing her arm as she tried to leave. And with each glass of wine, he grew more and more slurred. The party-goers were in chaos. Drunk, dancing, or laughing maniacally, they stumbled over tables, vomiting occasionally. Captain Roi had long since stumbled away to join his men, as they were still fairly competent, despite they had all probably drunk twice the amount the other guests had. Her mother sat in her seat, hunched over as she laughed occasionally. "So," Frederick leaned towards Rheia, "Does the captain make you happy?" "Of course," She said, "He's a rich man, he gives me whatever I want." "But Rheia," Her father insisted, " I'm richer than him." "Really?" Rheia purred. She leaned towards him, as put her hand on his thigh and rubbed it. At this point, Annabeth rose from her seat, completely and utterly disgusted. Annabeth turned, where her nurse was still standing, "Nurse," She fumed, "Help me get my mother to bed." Hearing Annabeth's tempered tone, she nodded, "Right away, my Lady." They took one arm each, and with her mother's fairly light frame, they were able to lead her out of the dining hall. As Annabeth looked back, she could see her father and the captain's wife creeping off through another door. Her eyes then drifted towards the table Captain Roi had been visiting. Annabeth's heart plummeted when she saw him staring in his wife and her father's direction. Then, he looked down at his feet, gripping what appeared to be a sword strapped to his belt as he did. As they carried Athena up the stairs, Annabeth managed to reveal what she had seen "The captain knows about my father and Rheia," She grunted under her mother's weight. Her nurse shook her head, "Oh, dear. This will not fare well with your father's current relations with him." Annabeth grinned, "It serves that bastard right." "Annabeth!" She scolded, "If I wasn't carrying your mother right now, it would be in your best interests to make that mark on your face reappear!" "Why?" Annabeth hissed, "He deserves whatever punishment he gets from the captain." They reached the top of the stairs, and they continued for a few more paces until they reached her parents' bedroom. Carrying her the rest of the way, they finally set her on top of the bed, still fully clothed. "I'm going back there," Annabeth huffed. "No!" Her nurse pleaded, grabbing her arm, "You mustn't!" "Nurse..." She struggled, "Let me go! Let me go..." Annabeth shrunk to her knees, burying her face in her hands. "I hate him," She sobbed, "I hate him!" Her nurse sat beside her, rubbing her back to comfort her. "You're right to hate him. But you can never lash out against him, or he will throw you out onto the streets without any hesitation. You would never survive out there, my dear. So for now, you must mind your manners, and learn to obey ." Annabeth paused in her crying, "Maybe I want to get thrown out onto the streets. There's more freedom out there than in here." The nurse gasped, "Annabeth..." "Please," Annabeth stood, "Spare me, nurse. And help me to my room. If I can't stop my father, the least I can do is escape his presence, if only for a few hours." "Very well." She returned to her room, and her nurse helped her remove her dress and slip into her nightgown in silence. The nurse pulled back the covers, and fluffed the pillows, "I shall see you in the morning..." She paused in the doorway, "Sleep well, my dear." "Sleep well, nurse," Annabeth whispered, too quiet for her to hear, before slipping into a dreamless sleep. A/N: That was a long chapter, I know, but for the most part, the later chapters will only be a third, or at the most, half the length this one was. But anyways, as I like to say when I first start a story, I try not to be greedy. And by greedy I mean asking for reviews, favorites and follows constantly. I'll only say that everything helps, and it makes my day to see when someone new has followed the story, reviewed, or favorited it. So, please, send me a review for this first chapter, I'm eager to know if you guys are enjoying the story. Thank you so much! Leaded-Pegasus