standing up. He rounded the couch and strode towards the door, shouting a quick "coming" before looking the peep hole. "Nico?" He unlocked the door and pulled it open, looking him up and down, and then eyeing the blonde man holding hands with him, "Um, please. Come in." The blond guy shook hand with Percy, "Hi, I'm Will, Will Solace. Nice to meet you." He smiled. "Percy. Come on in, there's plenty of no room." He opened a closet by the door, "Sorry, but you're gonna have to sit on pillows." He handed them the pillows, while Nico shot Percy a "be cool or I'll kill you" look. They followed him back into the living room, where Jason just smiled while everyone else gave their own expressions of shock. "Uh," Nico took a breath, "This is Will, everyone. Will…everyone." A murmur of greetings swept across the room, expect for Leo who had busied himself with stealing batteries from Percy's remotes. "So, Will," Piper started, "how did you and NIco meet?" "Well, um-" Will started. "No!" Nico hurried, "No, we're not telling this story right now. These people will literally never forget it, it's not happening. You guys are just gonna have to guess." Will hesitated before continuing, "I work at off the highway, and I was pulling the graveyard shift," Nico groaned in the middle of Will's words, "So it was like two or three in the morning and I was sitting at the counters filling charts out for the patient I had just discharged when my pager rings. I pick up the phone and I'm told I have to pick up a seventh patient that night on 2 south, which sucks because I worked on 4 north two floors up. So I do my runs and make the trip downstairs and, you know, I'm pretty irritated. I get there and read the files and this patient had swallowed an action figure from a McDonalds happy meal which was now lodged in his throat – but this patient was 20 years old. Guess who the patient was," All eyes turned to Nico, "I hate you, Solace." "Hey," Will threw and arm around Nico, "You'd have a member of the Fantastic Four still stuck in your airway if it wasn't for me." Percy's wearing a pressed, unbuttoned dark blue shirt under a white undershirt and jeans. He's swapped out his scuffed vans for a new pair of casual dress shoes, and he's debating getting flowers. He decides not to, Annabeth didn't really strike him as the materialistic cliché kind of person. He decided on something that surprised him, however. When he was in middle school, during the early days when his mom had just been diagnosed with heart cancer, she'd read him The Perks of Being a Wallflower when he got scared of losing her. During college when she passed away, he'd kept the copy she'd given him in his bedside table. When he moved into his apartment after dropping out, he pushed the book into his closet. Now, ten minutes before Percy had to leave to see Annabeth, he swiped the book up and clutched it under his arm. He wasn't sure why he felt he should bring it, he just knew his mom would have wanted to meet Annabeth. The thought kind of scares him. Why was he so fond of this girl already? He shakes his head, it didn't matter. The only thing that mattered was that he did care about her, so he was going to do what it takes to make sure she stuck around. He clicks off the lights to his apartment and meets his cab driver downstairs. The movie was kind of boring, but that's okay because Annabeth chose it. So when they're eating dinner and she can't stop gushing about how wonderfully portrayed Agustus Waters had been and her eye twinkle, Percy can't help but feel total admiration throughout the whole meal. They're walking back to Annabeth's apartment complex when she finally asks. "Okay, I'll bite, what's with the book?" Percy had almost forgot he had it. He had rolled the book in half and stuffed it into his back pocket, so when he pulled it out he had to uncrease the line down the middle, "Oh, um, funny story," He tells her about his mom, and he's surprised with himself for opening up like this. He's trying to think about where this is going when it hits him, "Here, I want you to have it," She blinks, "What?" "Yeah, take it.: She looks down at the book as he places it into her hand, "Percy I… I can't take this." "No, really, my mom gave it to me as someone she cared about," he hesitated, wondering if what he was about to say was too far. He shook his head with confidence, "So I should do the same." She looks up at him, and under the light casted by the traffic lights along with the roar of New York nightlife, he can't help himself. He places a gentle kiss on her mouth and pulls back to smile. "Besides, maybe this'll guilt you into calling me back for another date," he smirks, "goodnight, Annabeth." He turns and heads down the sidewalk. He takes maybe ten steps before his phone vibrates inside his pocket. "Hello?" "Percy Jackson if you don't turn around and get your ass back here right now I swear I'll launch this book at the back of your head right now," His smiles deepens and he walks back to her faster than he meant to – but he doesn't care. He wraps his arms around her and kisses her again before she laughs. "I bought a vase the second after you asked me out, I was afraid you were gonna bring flowers like any other guy," she laughs. "Would flowers have been better?" "No!" she says, then blushes, "The book was perfect, like, really perfect," He laughs and kisses her again.