"Do it! Do it! Do it!" "Fine, fine, fine!" He waved his hands around in the air, "I'll do it," Everyone around the fire laughed and clapped. "But only if Annabeth tells me to," All eyes turned to Annabeth. Sure, she had been laughing and clapping along with the cheers, but she hadn't exactly said anything. She didn't think Percy had noticed. "What?" she asks laughing, "Of course, do it. I wanna hear," He smiles at her, "That's all the convincing I need, then," He sits on a log and throws the guitar over his knee. Annabeth feels the blood rush to her face, and she hopes the night and the fire hide it. But Piper gives her a knowing look, and Annabeth wonders exactly what was happening right now. And then Percy started strumming his first notes and hummed a little melody, and all thoughts leave Annabeth's head. They all watch the fire and listen to his almost nervous singing. It was weird, to Annabeth, Percy had sang in front of record labels, on camera, in front of small crowds, and yet sitting around a campfire with like eight of his closest friends surrounding him was what got to him. Grover takes a seat beside her and nudges her with his shoulder, "Hey," he whispers, "I don't think he heard anything. I think you're fine," Annabeth nods and relaxes with the reassurance. They're watching a movie inside now. The coffee table from the center of the room was pushed against the wall, and Percy laid down a bunch of blankets for them to lay on. It's called Stuck in Love, and Annabeth is in love with it entirely. But she's distracted, just not in a bad way. Leo and Calypso fell asleep on top each other on the loveseat. Jason was playing with Piper's hair while she slept on his chest on one of the blankets. Frank and Hazel had curled up together on the other side of Grover, who was sprawled out in between the two couples. It's a shame Juniper had a convention the school's Environment Club had to go to this weekend, she thinks. Annabeth sits on the couch her and Grover had talked on earlier with her feet up and curled around herself. Percy sits on the other side, with his head resting on his propped up hand against the armrest and the other traveling against the length of the couches back. She tries to concentrate on the movie – really she does, especially since the girl's boyfriend Lou almost kind of resembles Percy – but Percy keeps dancing his fingertips against the back of the couch, which is like an inch away from Annabeth's shoulder. And she sees just how open his side is and fights the urge to curl into it. She looks back at the screen and keeps her focus there. For like three seconds. "Are you just gonna keep looking over at me or are you gonna come over here?" Annabeth almost thought it was the movie. She looks down at Jason and sees he's passed out with his hand still stuck in Piper's choppy hair. She checks around to make sure everyone's still asleep before glancing up at Percy. He's already looking at her, "Wow, I tell you to come here and you immediately look at Grace, you hiding something there, Annabeth?" She stares at him shocked, "Um… what?" He gives her a blank face, before leaning across and grabbing a hold of her hand. He guides her over into his side and wraps him arm around her shoulder, squeezing her in tight, "Hey, you can relax, you know?" She stay frigid against his side before placing her hand on his knee and reaching the other up to lay atop the hand on her shoulder, "Did I miss something?" He smiles down at her, "I heard you and Grover in here earlier," he nods his head toward the table top next to the couch with all the picture frames, except there's a different one in front. The picture of her and Percy stands against the rest, no longer placed behind. She glances at the coffee table where she left it and then back to him. "You heard us?" He kisses the top of her head, and she finally relaxes into his side, "Yeah," "So, what then?" "What then?" he questions. "Yeah, what are you deciding?" "What am I deciding?" "Yeah, what's new?" He laughs softly, "Nothing's new," She pulls her head off his chest and looks up at him, and dread over what he's about to say fills her chest, "What do you mean nothings new?" He's still smiling at her, "Nothing's changed, for me at least." Annabeth almost whines, "Percy what are you saying? Come on," He chuckles and she feels the rumble through his chest, "I mean exactly that. Nothing's changed. I still want you. I'll always want you. And I won't have everything I want unless you do too. And, correct me if I'm wrong, but coming from what you and Grover were saying in here earlier," he pauses and the whole world just shuts the fuck up for him, "I'm pretty sure this is what you want," He kisses her, nothing like the one in her bedroom, just a simple kiss that means absolutely everything to her. "You still want me?" she just can't believe it, she has to make sure. "Of course," his eyes crinkle, "I'll never not want you, Annabeth. Not before, not now, and not in the future." Annabeth see's something out of the corner of her eye, and she turns to see Grover raising his fist in the air, "Why is he always pretending to be asleep around us?" she laughs. "I don't know," Grover mumbles, "But I'll never see myself not being asleep around you guys. Not before, not now, and not in the future," he laughs. Annabeth throws a pillow at him laughing, and then curls back into Percy's side.