draw water came from but he supposed that if he could pull off drawing/painting water with anything it would be watercolours. He painted dark blue, purple and red, a strange colour choice but it somehow worked out perfectly, the colours blended and lined up perfectly with the colours above, Percy felt another pull in his gut and he managed to ,using only a wet brush, make the water look like water, with waves and everything. "Mr Jackson." Miss Fleming called to him and his elation at his painting disappeared as fast as it came. He put his brush down, placed his elbows on the table, careful to avoid his work, laced his fingers together and stared at the gaping teacher across the table. "Yes, Miss." He chirped, willing her to leave. The teacher didn't though she merely stared at his work, but Percy didn't feel any pride; he felt nothing but caution, he fought the urge to grab his paintbrush and lob it at her make-up covered forehead. "I do believe I told you to copy the picture in front of you, does that picture have an ocean?" Percy clenched his teeth together and glared at the demon-teacher. The whole class were staring at them by now but Percy couldn't care less. "No Miss," He told her, drawing the words out patronisingly. He was doomed to get in trouble from the start so why should he even try to avoid it? "Then why have you added one." She snarled picking up one of the water pots and Percy felt an urge of fear, he ignored it. "Because I wanted my art to be original," he lied; he couldn't exactly tell her that painting the ocean just felt right could he? An idea suddenly occurred to him and Percy continued before Miss Fleming even had the chance to open her mouth, "you did say to be original in art, after all, no art is the same, did you not?" he cocked his head to the side innocently, and he saw Grover grin out of the corner of his eye. "Don't talk to me like that, boy." Miss Fleming growled and Percy mentally patted himself on the back after he noted her lack of snide comments concerning his previous comment. He stayed silent; he wasn't looking for a fight with the teacher he just didn't want to go down without one. "Throw away your painting Mr Jackson." Miss Fleming instructed confidence back. "What? Why?" Percy responded without thinking, anger had arched through him at the thought of losing his art and gripped the edges of his paper protectively. "Because, Mr Jackson, you didn't follow simple instructions and will be redoing the class work after school," Percy growled like a feral dog at the teacher and got to his feet, not with the intention of moving anywhere towards the bin but so Miss Fleming wasn't looking down her nose at him like he was muck on her shoe. "Make me." He challenged, holding the painting protectively, hoping the paint wasn't running but he didn't dare look down. The art teacher looked downright murderous at that and Percy instincts screamed at him to surrender but when had Percy's instincts gotten him anywhere? "Don't you dare speak to me like that Perseus." She struck like an asp and suddenly Percy wasn't holding the painting anymore, the demon was. Percy watched in horror as she moved towards the tap, he moved to stop him but Grover grabbed his wrists, he could only watch as the teacher threw his artwork under the tap and turned the faucet. Percy was vaguely aware that the bell had gone but nobody moved, mesmerised by the trickling water. Percy bit down a scream until he tasted blood, his gut twang painfully and the she-demon squawked as she stared into the sink at Percy's, no doubt, ruined painting. Percy's heart pounded in his chest as the teacher turned the tap off and snatched up Percy's art. The anger faded into disbelief as he saw it – it looked the same as it had before, if not nicer – the ocean he'd drawn looked real, swirling and drifting like the untamed sea. Percy wanted to be smug but his jaw was on the floor and his eyes so wide he feared his eyes would roll right out of their sockets. Miss Fleming was frozen in shock as well, snarl long gone from her features and Percy snapped out of his stupor long enough to grab the painting from the demons hands, as soon as he did the teacher let out a growl and the rest of his class ran out of the classroom, minus Grover who was grinning in the corner. Weirdo , Percy told himself. Glaring at his teacher once last time Percy rolled up his painting, secured it with an elastic band from the teacher's desk and put it in his tattered old rucksack. Percy shouldered the bag and looked back at the raging teacher. Feeling strangely confident he flipped the teacher a vulgar gesture and stalked out of the classroom. "I'll have you expelled for this" the teacher swore, Percy's fury rose again and behind him, he heard something burst but kept walking. He wasn't allowed to continue into term 4; he had to do extra English instead. He stuck the picture on his wall with blue-tack and never took it down. Nor did he ever forget Miss Fleming, Percy didn't think the woman forgot him either, the thought made him grin. This piece literally came out of know where, although I've got a feeling it's got something to do with my feelings towards art... probably. Anyway, thank you for reading; you're the best. Please tell me what you think, I really enjoyed writing this so I hope you like it too, I'd love an excuse to write more one-shots like this. Maybe Percy's opinions on each subject as school? I don't know. Hope to see you again soon. :D