Kronos ordered to the nearby Empousa, as he made his way to the next Olympian. Poseidon was doing the best out of all the Olympians. He stabbed his trident right through an Empusa neck, before spinning which ripped the head of it's shoulders. He kicked the head off the ground right into a charging Empousa, which caused it to stumble, before swinging his trident down, smashing the Empousa flat. He proceeded to shoot a stream of water out of his trident into 5 charging Empousa, which sent them flying into the wall. The power behind the blast caused them to die on impact. Poseidon kicked the next enemy into the air before skewering it through the chest with his trident. He then threw the Empousa off his trident into 2 charging enemies. Poseidon quickly spun his weapon as the demons fell over. He took a mighty leap into the air, holding his trident horizontal, and smashed the Empousa's heads off upon landing. Jumping to his feet, Poseidon hacked, slashed, spun and stabbed so fast, the 10 Empousa surrounding him fell onto the ground in pieces. More and more Empousa continued to rush Poseidon. He speared one through the chest, also impaling the one behind him. He did a 360 spin, while twirling his weapon. The two nearest demons fell down with large gashes across their chests. One of the she-demons managed to get too close for his trident, and slashed downward. Poseidon caught the demons wrist, before jamming the blunt end of his trident through its abdomen. He then launched it over his shoulder into the crowd of enemies. A sword slipped past his defense, stabbing him in the shoulder. Poseidon's fist shot out like a viper, smashing the Empousa's face so hard, its head flew off its shoulders. Realizing he was fighting a lost battle, Poseidon summoned the remainder of his power and cast it on the Olympians last hope: his son. Knowing that he had to be discrete, Poseidon released a final wave of energy, throwing the Empousa's surrounding him backwards as his blessing was unknowingly absorbed by Percy. Weakened from the effort, Poseidon's legs were easily kicked out from underneath him. As he fell, his trident slipped from his grasp. An Empousa scooped it up and tried to stab Poseidon. He caught it in between the prongs, holding it from ending his life. One she-demon was trying to stab his chest, but he kept kicking away. Another was on his chest plate, holding his free arm down. Kronos approached, laughing as he walked while the she-demons retreated at his presence. Reacting with remarkable speed, Poseidon flipped his trident, sending a bolt of energy directly into Krono's chest. It glanced off his armour and Kronos laughed coldly, ripping the trident from his hands. He promptly thrust downward with it, piercing Poseidon's armour and stabbing deep into his stomach. He leaned over Poseidon and said, "Goodbye son" before casually lopping off his head. As he turned to deal with the remaining demigods, he failed to notice the trident shimmering with a soft golden light, before it dissolved in a sea-green mist. Kronos loosened his grip on his scythe, until he held it near the bottom of the hilt. He then proceeded to lightly tap the ground. The result was instantaneous. The floor began to glow golden as the throne room shook wildly. Monsters and demigods alike fell to the floor. Only two people were left standing. Kronos stared across the room at a stumbling Percy Jackson. Before Percy could make a move, Kronos froze him in place. Kronos turned to his troops, his eyes blazing. "They're mine." Immediately, all the demons around the demigods backed up, forming a large circle. Shakily, the 9 demigods that had fallen over got to their feet. The survivors included Will, Butch, Chris, Drew, Jake, Lee, Lou, Malcolm, and Nyssa. Kronos slowly made his way towards the demigods, his fiery eyes turning to stare right into mine with frightening coldness. "Let this be an example of what it means to defy me, boy." Kronos pointed at the demigods and thin ropes of golden fire flew from his fingers, latching themselves onto their skin. Each demigod screamed at the touch, their skin burning with unbearable pain when the ropes suddenly tightened around their bodies, choking their screams off. I watched in pain as my friends were choked and roasted alive, rage beginning to boil within my body as I struggled to move against the invisible bonds Kronos had put upon me. Utter horror and pure rage ripped through my body when my friends' slowly crumbled into little piles of ashes, their unheard screams ringing in my head. "You…" I growled lowly, straining against my bonds. "What are you going to do, child? Attack me? By all means." Kronos laughed and clicked his fingers. With a crash, I fell to the floor but I sprang up immediately, anger coursing through my body as I charged at the Titan Lord. Kronos twirled his scythe around in his hands as I charged when he suddenly spun around. Before I could bring Riptide down on him, the edge of his weapon slammed against my chest and with an explosion of golden light, I flew backwards, crashing against a wall with enough force that the wind was knocked out of my lungs. As I painfully straightened up, Kronos was suddenly standing in front of me, his hand on my shoulder and his golden eyes staring deep into mine. "Goodbye, demigod." Before I could even react, Kronos kicked me in the stomach. Hard. The wall behind me exploded from the force as I shot through like a missile, the effects of his attacks beginning to affect my vision. The last thing I saw before unconsciousness took over was Olympus, growing smaller and smaller as I fell through the sky. "Now that that's done with," Kronos said, turning away from the hole in the wall, "What should I do with you, Zeus?"