room. A lot of the time, it had been Annabeth flying the ship. And now, Festus flew toward them with Leo and someone else on his back. Leo was alive. The thought entered the minds of the other four demigods, and they all grew excited. They stood, waiting impatiently for Festus to get close enough to land. Nico came out onto the beach, frowning. Piper looked at him in surprise. "What are you doing here, Nico?" She asked. He looked back at Piper, then over her shoulder. A small smile lit his features. "I think you know that already. Leo's coming. I felt his presence approaching, and thought I'd come see him." Percy grinned, then pointed at the ever-approaching dragon. "He's almost here!" The others all began jumping up and down, waving and shouting, with the exception of Nico, who watched amusedly. The best part? Piper could hear Leo shouting back, which just made her more excited. She knew that the more sound they made, the more likely it was that every other demigod in camp would hear them too. But that was okay. Leo was back. Finally Festus began to land. He sank to the ground, and Leo dismounted. He held out his hand, and a girl Piper didn't recognize came to the ground. Percy stopped, staring at the girl in shock. Annabeth stood by his side, looking at him worriedly, but Piper was much to excited to wonder what was going on. She tackled Leo with a hug. Leo patted her back awkwardly. "What's up, McLean? Miss me?" Piper backed up. She glared at him, fighting the urge to smack her friend. "What the heck, Leo?! Why didn't you tell us you were alive?! We thought you were dead!" Leo looked at her sadly, and Piper noticed the girl take his hand in hers. He smiled. "Sorry I scared you, Pipes. But there was something I had to do." Piper wiped angry tears from her eyes. "It's cool. Just don't ever do it again!" The cocky grin returned. "You got it!" Jason rushed forward, nearly picking Leo up in bear hug. Piper turned back to look at Percy and Annabeth, looking around Hazel and Frank when they rushed forward to greet Leo too. Percy looked to be explaining something to Annabeth, who listened carefully. Percy looked upset, and it occurred to Piper that he might know the girl Leo had brought back with him. Finally, Percy and Annabeth approached. Annabeth held her boyfriend's hand tightly, and Percy looked like he might want to run away. Nico literally came out of the shadows, scaring the bejeebies out of Piper. "Sorry," he apologized. They both tuned into the conversation. Leo was introducing the girl. "Guys, this is Calypso. I brought her back from this island the gods trapped her on awhile ago." Nico's face cleared, as if he understood something. Piper leaned into speak to him. "Do you know who she is?" Piper whispered. Nico nodded. "You remember Theseus from the Odyssey?" At Piper's nod, he continued. "The gods washed Theseus up on the shore of an island called Ogygia. There he was taken care of by a nymph named Calypso, a daughter of Atlas. She was cursed for supporting her father in the first Titan War. Every hero the gods wash up on her shores, she is doomed to fall in love with. But that hero always has to leave in the end. Not one is one that can stay." Piper's eyes widened. Nico glanced at her, still talking. "When the Labyrinth was discovered to still be in operation, Annabeth had to lead a quest down there to find Daedalus. There was a sort of explosion, and Percy was sent to Ogygia." "Oh gods," Piper murmured. "No wonder Percy looks so freaked out." Nico nodded. "And, as you've probably guessed, when Khione got rid of Leo, she sent him to Ogygia as well. Except Leo seems to have devised a way to get back and get Calypso off the island." Piper laughed softly, watching Calypso take Leo's hand in the dark. "If anyone could, it would be Leo." Percy stepped forward, Annabeth at his side. Piper could see the sadness and guilt on his face. Percy was upset with himself for not endeavoring to go back for Calypso himself. "Hi Calypso." The girl studied him, her timeless face emotionless. "Hello, Percy Jackson." Percy swallowed, and Annabeth gripped his hand. "I'm sorry," he whispered. Leo looked sad, but Piper could see a small amount of anger in his eyes as well. "For what, Percy?" Calypso asked. "For leaving you that island. I asked the gods to let you go, but I never made sure that they followed through." Calypso considered the teen before her for a moment, then she smiled at him. "You are forgiven, Percy. Besides, if you hadn't left me, I might never have met this doofus here." she poked Leo playfully in the side, and Leo let out an indignant "Hey!" Percy looked relieved, and Annabeth smiled. She held out her hand. "I'm Annabeth!" Calypso shook her hand, smiling. "This is Jason, Piper, and Nico from Camp Half-Blood. And this is Hazel and Frank from Camp Jupiter." Calypso greeted them all. "And who's that?" She asked, nodding over Annabeth's shoulder. They all turned, and Percy said, "Well...crap." There stood Chiron, Argus, and a bunch of cleaning harpies, looking very hungry indeed. A/N: 1: Reference to the second book of "The Mysterious Benedict Society". In it, the fastest ship in the world covered the distance in two days. I figured Festus was at least that fast, if not faster. 2: Ever seen "Avatar: The Last Airbender"? Picture the saddle Aang has for Appa, and you've got the general picture. I hope you all liked the story. Again, sorry if it's a little off. I haven't had ANY practice writing for this fandom. I hope you liked the ending! Thanks for reading, and have a good day! BYE ;3