California, yet they all clicked with each other instantly. Her fiery red hair had nothing to do with the nickname they gave her (Red), but more to the fact that her initials spelt it. She was a wild and free spirit, and enjoyed going to protests against destroying trees or saving whales, and planned on becoming a geologist when she was older. Yep, Rachel was an eco-freak, even though her father was the owner of Dare Enterprises. She plans on helping her father into making Dare Enterprise an eco-friendly organization, and is slowly progressing in that. And so that left Annabeth. She was the smart one out of all of them, and focused on her studies more than what was the best gossip lately. Despite popular beliefs on how a nerd looked, Annabeth definitely didn't look like one. She had unruly blonde hair, that failed to co-operate of be styled in anyway, and intimidating stormy-grey eyes, that looked like silver when she was mad. But whenever Annabeth looked in the mirror, she didn't see the girl that everyone else saw, she just saw someone who was plain. She enjoyed spending her free time with writing in her songbook, or sketching designs in her drawing book. She wasn't really sure what she wanted to do when she was older, and that made her feel a bit left out from the others. They all had a clear path and plan on what they wanted to do when they left school, Annabeth was still contemplating whether or not to go to Julliard for writing, or to try and be an architect. As Annabeth walked closer to Piper and Thalia, she could see that they were stopping someone from entering the classroom. Upon further observation, Annabeth realized that the person was in fact Mr. Brunner. Breathing a sigh of relief, she slipped behind Piper, and tapped her back lightly. "Is everything alright?" She asked, her voice stopping the heated conversation that included Thalia and Mr. Brunner. "Oh, well, we wouldn't want to be late do we?" Piper said, dragging Thalia and Annabeth through the classroom door. Mr. Brunner sighed, exasperated, before walking in after them. "Sorry I'm late class," Mr. Brunner said, after the first and second bell rang. "Next time you try to deceive a member of staff, next time do so with making sure they don't already know what you're doing," He finished, looking pointedly at Thalia, Piper and Annabeth. Rachel snorted through her nose, earning her a shove from Annabeth. "Just because this is a first occasion, I'll let it slide, but please don't let it be a regular occurrence," That seemed to lift Annabeth's spirit up a lot. "Now, on with the lesson," Come on time, go faster, Annabeth thought, as she looked at the wall clock in her last class. It seemed to be mocking her, being excruciatingly slow. Finally, the final bell rang, and Annabeth was probably the first one who was out of the classroom. "Hey Annie, what's got you so rushed?" Rachel asked, linking her arm through her friend. "Because I have to pick up Bobby and Malcolm, and cook dinner and make sure that they are in bed by ten, and then I have to finish some of my songwriting if I want to make it into Julliard, and Red, I'm freaking out," Annabeth whined, her head dropping on Rachel's shoulder. Piper patted her head awkwardly, while Thalia grabbed Annabeth by the shoulders and shook her, making her blonde hair fly everywhere. "Calm down Annie, you've got plenty of time for that whole Julliard thing, and I for one am happy that it is the weekend, and is planning on relaxing," Thalia said, before putting in her ear buds, Green Day blasting through them. Annabeth rolled her eyes, as Piper tapped her on the shoulder. "Well, do you want a ride?" Piper asked softly, and Annabeth nodded her head vigorously. Thalia and Rachel waved goodbye, as they each went in their own respected vehicles. Annabeth thanked Piper all the way through the ride, until she dropped Annabeth off at Greenview Prep School. She then went home, leaving Annabeth to pick up her brothers. Luckily, Greenview was only a few blocks away from their apartment, so they didn't need to go that far. "So, how was school?" Annabeth asked, as they all ate at the family table. Annabeth's father had business as the professor at NYU, so Annabeth was left to look after her brothers, as her step-mother was visiting family in Louisiana. "It was cool, I got the highest percent on the maths test though," Bobby said. For a ten year old, Bobby was a genius; he could solve problems that a middle-schooler wouldn't be able to understand. Malcolm however was completely the opposite. While both of them had the same physical characteristics, such as the dirty blond hair, and dark blue eyes, their personalities were completely different. "I got chosen to be the captain of the soccer team," Malcolm said, smiling proudly. Annabeth smiled, before ruffling both of their heads. "Wow, well done! I'm proud of both of you!" Annabeth said, the pride seeping through her words. After she had helped both of them with their homework, she sent them to bed, while she finished her Physics assignments. She was halfway through a book report on Jane Eyre , when an unfamiliar ringtone rang through her bedroom. Annabeth surveyed her entire bedroom, and she somehow ended up throwing all the pillows off her bed, until she found the culprit. Fiddling with her backpack, she found that the cell phone was ringing. Sliding the screen to unlock it, she found that she had missed the call, in fact, she had missed 17 calls. It was only then that Annabeth looked at the phone clearly. Her phone was pitch black, yet her initials, (AC), were carved into the back in grey. This one however, had a navy blue cover, and had the letters PJ on instead.