"Someone else." "Okay," The son of Apollo said, "Girlfriend?" He gave a wild guess, "Didn't see you as the romantic type." The son of Hades shook his head, "I'm not." The gate lit up and the two of them looked into it to see a beautifully designed garden that resembled Olympus, waiting for Will. The dark-haired teen whispered, "It's time for you to go." "Oh, yeah, right." He said stepping forward, but then he hesitated and turned back. "Can't you, uh, at least tell me your name?" The teen shook his head and Will huffed. "Aw, come on, this may be the last time we see each other." Nothing, not even a flinch. "I can't just keep calling you emo kid in my mind…" He said and still nothing. He decided to go for a random statement he always said just to get other people to do what he said, "What if I said 'doctor's orders'?" He knew he didn't imagine the way dark eyes flashed at his words and for a moment he stood there, just staring at the other teen, wondering why he felt such a pull towards him. Eventually, the younger of the two cleared his throat and pulled something from his finger. "Here." He handed a silver skull ring to a surprised Will. "Names are powerful things, I can't tell you mine for various reasons, so I hope you accept this token as an apology…" Then he added almost jokingly, "And also as a bribe to stop annoying me." Will would have laughed at that if he hadn't been staring at the object in his palm. He closed his hand around the cold object. For some reason the fact that this stranger was giving him this, seemed serious. He couldn't laugh at it. Dark eyes softened as the son of Hades companion pushed him towards the gates. "Don't forget to try for rebirth." "Three times, isle of Blest." Will nodded, remembering. "Thanks, uh for everything. And- and for this." He held up the ring awkwardly. "You're welcome." The younger teen nodded as Will stepped into the arch, feeling the warmth of heaven pulling him in just as the person behind him spoke in a soft, broken-hearted tone. "Goodbye, Will." Will spun so fast, he almost broke his neck. But he had already gone passed the gate and he could see it closing over the vulnerable form of a certain son of Hades. "Di- di Angelo…" He muttered, blue eyes wide as memories of the son of Hades overcame him. You dressed in black, with the sun coming up. You painted your face but didn't cover that mop of blond hair. You might as well be waving a yellow flag. I'm fine. Tastes like tar and dirt. Do not call me Death boy ! Three days? I-I suppose that would be okay. I'll be right back, promise on the Styx and everything! Solace means comfort. Sol is Italian for sun. WILL! You don't need to know who I am or who you are. You don't need to ask why, you don't even have to remember, it's okay. I'll stay with you. Will ran forward, fully determined to throw himself across dimensions if it meant he'd get to stay with the dark-haired teen who'd stayed with him for so long, who'd given up his mortality just to stay with a person who didn't even remember him, even if it meant forever, especially if it meant forever. "Nico!" He yelled as the portal closed and he was only able to see the son of Hades turning his back on hm. "NICO!" He reached out a hand towards the arch as he pushed forward- faster, faster! But it was too late. The portal had closed and even when Will jumped through the arch, he was still in Elysium. He stumbled to the ground because of the force of his jump. You just have to know that I'll be here, that I'll always be here. The son of Apollo punched the ground as he let out a heartrending scream that could have shook the heavens. "LIAR!" He yelled in frustration, "Di Angelo you LIAR!" He could feel the cold metal of Nico's ring digging into his palm. He lied there shaking in anger, disbelief, and in grief. That idiot, how dare he…? You have blonde hair, as bright as the sun. Your eyes are as clear as the cloudless sky, did you know? It was a while before Will finally stood up and started walked away from the arch, coming to a decision. HIs hands were shaking, shoulders set in determination. If Nico was going to live forever, still determined to push everyone away, he wouldn't let him. Think… rebirth. Try for three times. Isles of Blest. "Just wait for me, di Angelo." Will's blue eyes flashed, hand tightening around the ring. "I'll get back to your side, just you wait. And when I do, you better have a good reason for leaving me by myself." He stopped and looked at the sky, "Just you wait, Death Boy…" This time, I'll stay with you. Author's notes: Okay, I'm not really sorry. Hehe, so this was the heartbreaking story I told everyone to keep an eye out. You know, it makes sense though. Nico di Angelo who went to the underworld to bring Bianca back when Thanatos was kidnapped, I wouldn't be surprised if he went as far as staying with Will in the Fields of Asphodel if he ever went there. It's like, he knows what it feels like to be alone so even if Will doesn't remember, he'd rather not have him be alone. It's sad like that. Also, this was only supposed to be a one-shot. I don't know if I should make a chapter two XD I just wanted to portray this side of Nico. I'm undecided on a chapter two O_O So yeah, thanks and stay tuned in to my less heartbreaking works? Leave reviews and everything!