for a while? Afterwards I will read it to you. Then you can sleep." Cole nodded enthusiastically. So I went and brought blank papers and color pencil box that Percy used to use. Cole kept drawing for a while. Then he said he will teach me the alphabets he learnt from Annabeth. Then he wrote down numbers. Two hours later he finished the drawing and coloring the picture he made. He did not let me see the picture while he was drawing and had insisted to show it after it was finished. "Okay. Close your eyes and put hands forwards." I did as I was told. I felt a paper being slid on my hand. "Okay now open your eyes." And I did. I saw four people whose names were written in small font and a boy whose name was also written. Two men and a woman were standing at the side holding hands while the boy was also holding hand his hand with them. The fourth person, a women was hugging him. The three people's names were grandpa, mommy, and daddy. The boy's name was me, and the woman's name was grandma. On the top, instead of the sky, it was written 'TO THE BEST GRANDMA'. I looked at Cole surprised he liked me more than Percy and Annabeth. "Why did you draw me hugging you? Why not mommy or daddy?" I asked, frowning. Cole held another picture. It was of a small boy being hugged by a women and man. "Mommy and daddy used to do that before." Cole said looking very sad. With tears in his eyes he looked at the picture and hugged it. "But now they say they are too busy." "Busy?" I asked. Tear drops fell from Cole's eyes as he silently cried. "When I ask them to go to the park, they say they have work. When I ask daddy to get chocolate he says he is busy. When I ask mamma to read me a story she says she is drafting." I looked at the picture in my hands and the one in Cole's hand. "So I thought if I created a mess they will notice me. So I stop cleaning up my toys, picking up my clothes. I make the toilet very wet. Mamma always scolds me then she says she is sorry for scolding. Daddy always comes late." I took Cole in my hands and hugged him. "Why didn't you say this to them. They will listen." I suggested. "But they are never free. Do you- you t-think they h-ha-hate me?" Cole asked crying. "No they don't they are just busy. I promise. They love you so much. Come on why don't we read the story now?" Cole dried his tears and nodded. We went to the bedroom and I took the book which I used to read to Percy. "We are not reading my story book?" Cole looked curiously. "No I am going to read what I always read to your father." I said taking out the book in which the heroes tasks were written down. "Daddy's book? Okay." Cole said enthusiastically. He snuggled into the blanket. -2 hours later. 7 o'clock- I heard a car come through the driveway. Paul had already come and gone to rest so it must be... I went and opened up the door. I saw Annabeth and Percy both come in together. "Sorry mom. My car needs a new battery. Otherwise I would have come at 6." My son told me smiling. "It is okay. Cole is sleeping peacefully." I said hugging him. "Sleeping? He never sleeps during the day." Annabeth said and I hugged her too. "Actually he didn't even trouble me a lot." I said. "Really?" Annabeth and Percy both asked together surprised. "Well he was troubling you guys for a completely different matter." I said taking them in to the house. That night Percy and Annabeth stayed with us for dinner and played a family game. And Cole looked the happiest I had ever seen. But the one who was the happiest was me. Flashback " Mommy?" Percy called after I finished reading the story he loved to listen. " Yes Percy?" I ruffled his hair and kissed him on his forehead. " Do you think that I could also be a hero and save the world?" Percy asked his eyes fluttering. " Of course you will. You will be the greatest hero of them all." I said. " Hmm but you know. I not only want to be a hero and save the world. I want to have my friends and family close to me. And I never want you to leave me. I want all of us to laugh and have fun." He said his eyes closed and he yawned. I drape the blanket over him and said, "I pray you have the best family and friends ever too." And I closed the door. Few days later I met Gabe and to save Percy I made up my mind to marry him. The stories were forgotten by the four year old boy. And I didn't risk reminding him about those ancient stories again. Those stories could wait. End But looking back at what he said I realized in a way his dream came true. He had really good friends at camp. He had Annabeth to help him on his way. The fact that he survived the quests was a living proof that he was a hero. He will always have me. And now he had a family of his own. Looking at the scene in front of me. Cole and Annabeth laughing at Percy. Percy tickling and teasing them back. Paul laughing at their antics. The sea breeze that covered them and the owl near our window, I saw it. I saw what made the bonds between humans, god all alike so strong. Happiness and sorrows shared. Love and care. I realized, it is what makes us family.