wouldn't run into her again. Falling into step behind Jason, Leo watched the bustling commuters as a question came to his mind. Jason stopped by a huge map display, and Leo came up behind him. "So, uh, where are we exactly?" "We're by Central Park," Jason stated, taking a finger and trailing it down the path they had taken to their current location, which was pin-pointed on the map by the bolded words " YOU ARE HERE". Leo scratched his chin before tilting his head to the side. "So, we're in the right place?" "Yes," Jason rolled his eyes, clearly annoyed with Leo's amazing attention span. "We took the D train, remember? We're on the south end - southwest, to be exact." "...Near 56th?" "Near 56th," Jason repeated in confirmation, sighing as his arm dropped back to his side. Leo glanced around the station again as more and more people filled the dim space. "We'll board back on after we reach the end of the avenue, and then make a U-turn back here after we check out all the houses." Jason looked at something behind him, squinting his eyes. "I'm pretty sure the way out of here is the upper platform over. We should get going - c'mon, Leo." Jason pushed past him, taking long strides towards an escalator at the other end of the platform. A train rushed into the station to their left, screeching loudly over the murmur of the busy crowd around them. Jason walked fast, and Leo jogged to keep up, dodging official-looking men with briefcases, and hipsters whose personas were fueled by midday city train rides. Leo caught up to him, striding in step with the stoic Jason Grace as he pushed his interaction with the two girls to the back of his mind. "So...I see you've memorized the train routes. You're really bent on moving here, huh?" "I guess," Jason shrugged. The heels of his shoes clicked against the floors, and Leo noticed that he looked straight ahead as he walked. "You should know them, too, you know. You're the one who actually lives here." "Yeah," Leo replied, stuffing his hands into the pockets of his jacket. "I guess so, but I never take the subway, anyway." Jason grunted. They stepped onto the escalator, ascended onto the next floor, and kept walking as they moved along. Leo began to whistle, bored out of his mind. They jogged up a flight of stairs and emerged on Fifth Avenue, wading through a group of pedestrians. Cars and taxis honked their horns as they slugged down the busiest street in the city. All kinds of people pushed past them as they joined the throng, and Jason gave Leo a tentative sideways glance before continuing off in direction of the first house they planned to check out. Leo noticed, and watched inquisitively as Jason cleared his throat with a little smile. "So, uh - you saw that girl on the train?" Leo blushed. The tip of his ears turned pink. "What, the one who dissed me off or the one who took pity on me?" Jason rolled his eyes as he cut across the walkway to avoid a group of chattering teenage girls. "The one who actually seemed to like you." Oh. He meant the tourist girl. "…Yeah…" "You threw out some pretty terrible puns back there," Jason recalled without looking back at him, still forging ahead. "They were of the extremely painful variety. I kind of expected her to jump off the train or something." Leo glared at his back. "Wow, thanks Jace." "Oh, c'mon man," Jason slowed down a bit to match his friend's pace, nudging him in the shoulder with an encouraging grin. "She was totally into you! You should have at least asked her name or something. I can't stand seeing you so pathetically lonely – " "Pathetically?" Jason shrugged. "For lack of a better word, I guess." Leo rolled his eyes and waved off Jason's propositions with a sigh. "Stay out of my love life, Grace. If you think you have a better track record when it comes to dating, then you're seriously wrong." "I'm not the one who's been out of the game for six months." Leo pretended to ignore him. "And at least I've hooked up with more than one person." More silence. Jason decided to play his douche card. "...At least I 'open up'." "Goddamnit!" Leo flung his hands into the air, and if this wasn't New York, he would have gained the attention of the strangers rushing by. At the mention of his last relationship (Calypso…not a pretty story) he gave Jason a wounded glare. "What do you want from me?" "I want you to find somebody." Jason replied simply with a bit of a shrug. Leo rolled his eyes and crossed his arms with a flourish. "You know what?" Leo spat. "I think I'm gonna ignore you for the rest of the day - or better yet, the rest of my 'pathetic' life. Can we just go check out the stupid apartment now?" "Sure thing, man." said Jason with a goofy grin, giving a very annoyed Leo Valdez a playful shove. "Let's go." . . . a/n: hey guys! im late (again) with my big fic for liper december, but here it is! it's been a whole year since ignite, and i really wanted to participate again this year as a kind of 'thank you' for supporting me with my story last year :) i'll post this on AO3 and tumblr as soon as i can, and if you want to read it on one of those platforms, there are links on my profile. a little more info before i sign off: 1) this is a multichaptered au 2) povs change between piper and leo (others might include jason and reyna) 3) no arsonists here (and this is dedicated to 50shadesofzukoshonor on tumblr!) and that's all! i should have the next chapter up by tuesday. thanks for reading!