would around each other". Aphrodite squealed. " I will do your clothes! You will look gorgeous". Athena sighed. " I don't want to Aphrodite and it is idle anyway. I am not going to change my clothes, I like the clothes I am wearing". Aphrodite pouted. " But you will need some.. better clothes if you going to see Percy everyday. Who knows? You might fall in love, you two would make a great couple!". Athena tensed. " Aphrodite! I am not going to develop any romantic feelings towards Percy Jackson. There are endless incentives and reasons for that. It would require the rest of the boy's life to give you the list with reasons. Do you comprehend?". Aphrodite pouted again. " Yes, but you don't! You two could be a really cute couple! And you aren't the goddess of love can't know if you will fall in love with him". Athena narrowed her eyes. " Don't even contemplate using your magic to make me develop any romantic feelings Aphrodite". Aphrodite sighed. She looked very disappointed. " Fine. But I still want to pick at least one cute outfit for you!". Needless to say, Athena couldn't convince Aphrodite to leave her alone. After a long discussion, Athena agreed Aphrodite could pick one outfit. " But not now and I have to approve of it. Meaning, it can't be anything that will make me look like a prosititute or anything that is pink". " All right, but I can choose. You can't say no to everything! And you will have to wear make-up!". " No!". " Yes. Or I will just force you to. I have my ways Athena". For maybe the first time in her life, Aphrodite actually looked threatening. Those ways were obviously something Athena wanted to avoid. " Fine! But just a little bit. Nothing extreme" Athena said and shuddered when she saw the look in Aphrodite's eyes. It was her I-am-going-to-spread-love look. Meaning, she was going to try everything that was possible to make Athena fall in love with Percy. Or rather , if you had to believe all the piffle Aphrodite said, make Athena realize she was in love with Percy. Which she wasn't. And absolutely didn't want to be. Now all the terms were clear and Hephaestus had permission to film this all, all the gods left. They all went to their palaces and Athena transported herself to camp half-blood. She didn't make her presence known, but walked straught towards the Poseidon cabin. She knew Percy would be there; it was early in the morning after all. Most campers were still asleep. She also knew he would be the only one. His brother Tyson would arrive tomorrow. He was still at Poseidon's palace for now, helping his father. So Percy would be the only one to see her. Which was perfect. Athena didn't want Tyson to be there when she told Percy she had to spend time with him. Athena was standing in front of the cabin and sighed. She didn't like it at all, but she would go through with it. She could survive a week with Percy Jackson. Probably. She knocked on the door and waited patiently. It would probably take some time before he answered. He might be still asleep or occupied with something else. Sure enough, Percy didn't appear right away. Athena suspected she had to be standing in front of the door for three minutes when he opened. Percy opened the door, rubbing his sleepy eyes, with messy hair and with only a boxershort on. " What is- Athena!?". He widened his eyes, his mouth a little open. And blushed when he realized he was halfnaked. Not something you want to be in front of your mother in law, who doesn't like you and is also the goddess of wisdom. The extremely ominous goddess of wisdom. He wasn't extremely muscular, but he was muscular and well-built. The years of training had made him develop some definite muscles and had made sure he didn't have any fat. Every inch of his body looked great, Athena couldn't help but notice. Athena would have proclaimed he was very handsome if she hadn't been a maiden goddess. She wasn't supposed to say things like that. She would leave that to people like Aphrodite. She suppressed the sudden urge to stare at his chest, which she suspected was Aphrodite's doing, and focused on his face instead. Which wasn't a bad thing to look at either. He is actually kind of cute with messy hair and sleepy eyes. A lot more vulnerable and- Aphrodite! Stop those silly games already! She send Aphrodite a silent message when she noticed what she was thinking. No doubt the love goddess was meddling with her thoughts and feelings. And Athena didn't like it one bit. Once again resisting the urge to stare at his chest, or looked at him appreciately or lick her lips, Athena folded her arms and raised her eyebrows slightly. She was blushing too, but managed to keep an emotionless expression. She wouldn't let a halfnaked son of Poseidon bother her. Especially not the one that was dating her daughter. " Perseus. I have come her to.. talk with you" she stated and watched Percy's expression with satisfaction. He paled, swallowed nervously and took a little step back. He looked afraid like she had never seen him before. First chapter yeah! So this will be Percabeth and have the seven days Athena has to spend with Percy. I will think of a way to break up Percabeth, but I would appreciate your suggestions:D And to make things more interesting, the other gods won't leave poor Percy and Athena alone. Aphrodite will do everything to embaress Athena and make her fall in love. Hepheastus will record some very embarssing things. Zeus will try to make Poseidon lose, doing everything to make Percy look bad and the other gods will be equally annoying. Hope you liked the first chapter!