were talking about. "So, this Nico di-whatever guy-" "Di Angelo." Will corrected. "Right, him." Leo nodded, "Who's his godly parent?" At the question, Will couldn't help but give him a small smirk. "Hades." Leo's eyes bugged out. "What?" "Hades." The sun god's son said simply as he walked ahead. "Wait," Leo said as he ran up slightly to catch up with him. "Hades Hades ? As in the Hades?" "Yep, that's the one." "King of the Underworld Hades ?" "Yeah." "Lord of the Dead Hades ?" "I really can't see where you're going with this-" "The dark and brooding, god of shadows and all creepy things Hades ?" Leo asked as he waved his hands wildly. Will stopped, giving him a look. "Nico's father is Hades." And he added before Leo could interrupt, "Yes, the lord of the underworld, dead, shadow-brooding Hades . Zeus and Poseidon's older brother Hades ." "Oh." Then the son of Hephaestus began to laugh, "Wow." "Leo?" The teen clutched his stomach as he wiped at his eyes, "Oh God, you -" "What?" "Well- you!" Leo exclaimed, still laughing breathlessly. "You, the son of Sun God, all bright and healing and being literal sunshine and you're dating a Hades kid! I mean, I don't mean it as an insult." He said quickly, "It's just, you're you , bright and curing people and stuff and Hades , well, he's all dark shadows and dragging people's soul to the Underworld right? He's your dad's total opposite! I bet his kid could see ghosts and stuff!" "And he can summon them too. Along with zombies and skeletons." Will mumbled and Leo gave off another laugh. "Oh man, you're dating your complete opposite! You're dads are so different that it almost seem like you're perfect for each other! Like- like yid and yar- or was it yin and yan? Ying and Yang?" He scratched at his nose. "Anyway, this is definitely funnier than Butch being the son of the Rainbow and Unicorn goddess." "I'll tell Butch you said that." "Uh, no, nevermind. Forget I said anything." Leo laughed nervously before shaking his head. "Seriously though, dude, you and Hades' kid. Light and dark." "Got a problem with it?" "What? Hell no!" The son of Hepahestus said with an easy grin, eyes soft. "I haven't met him yet but I can only imagine that you guys would definitely balance each other out." He winked, "You're definitely perfect for each other." Will blinked in surprise before smiling, "Thanks." IV. An Exchange Goes Both Ways "You're probably right," Jason agreed, with a nod. "But we have to try." He insisted. "I was sent here to learn about Camp Half-Blood, to try to convince you the two camps don't have to be enemies. A peace offering." "Hmm," Rachel hummed thoughtfully, "Because Hera is convinced we need both camps to win the war with the giants. Seven heroes of Olympus—some Greek, some Roman." Annabeth nodded. "Your Great Prophecy—what's the last line?" "And foes bear arms to the Doors of Death." "Gaea has opened the Doors of Death," Annabeth said, contemplating. Piper turned away from her for a moment to get a glimpse of a certain son of Apollo who was impatiently wrapping ace bandages around his hands, shifting his feet. Will spoke, expression closed off. "She's letting out the worst villains of the Underworld to fight us. Medea, Midas—there'll be more, I'm sure. Maybe the line means that the Roman and Greek demigods will unite, and find the doors, and close them." "Or it could mean they fight each other at the doors of death," Clarisse pointed out, gravely. "It doesn't say we'll cooperate." There was silence as the campers let that happy thought sink in. "I'm going," Will suddenly said, surprising everyone except Annabeth and Jason. The daughter of Athena just looked exasperated. She turned towards Jason, "When you get this ship built, let Percy and I go with you too." "I was hoping you'd offer," Jason said towards Will first. "We'd need a healer of all people with the oncoming trial ahead. And Annabeth and Percy, we'd need all the people we can get." "Wait," Leo frowned. "I mean that's cool with me and all and I get why Annabeth and Percy are coming, but, no offense, why is Will coming too?" Annabeth and Jason studied one another, and Jason knew she had put it together as did Will, the moment he opened his mouth about the other camp. The blonde-haired demigod son of Apollo was quiet, eyes focused in a faraway thought. Jason was left to explain, "Hera said my coming here was an exchange, like an exchange program between two schools or something." Jason said, carefully. "A way for the two camps to learn of each other's existence." "Yeah?" Leo said, confused. Piper seemed to get it though, eying Will with understanding. "So?" "An exchange goes two ways," Jason said with a sigh, "When I got here, my memory was wiped. I didn't know who I was or where I belonged. Fortunately, you guys took me in and I found a new home. I know you're not my enemy. The Roman camp—they're not so friendly. You prove your worth quickly, or you don't survive. They may not be so nice to him, and if they learn where he comes from, he's going to be in serious trouble." "Him?" Leo said. "Who are you talking about?" He looked at everyone's we-get-it expressions. "Will's boyfriend," Annabeth said grimly. "Nico disappeared around the same time Jason appeared. If Jason came to Camp Half-Blood…" Will's expression was damn right scary now and the son of Jupiter cleared his throat trying to clear the tension as well. "Exactly," Jason agreed. "Nico di Angelo is at the other camp, and he probably doesn't even remember who he is." Author's notes: Short I know, but I personally love part two. It's more, unique :P Will be updated in two or three days keep an eye out :D THANKS