looked on the verge of believing. Matthew didn't seem as convinced, though his resolve seemed to be wavering slightly as he thought about it. The latter set his look on them again. "Prove it," he said finally. Percy didn't miss a beat, standing to his feet. "I'm on it," he announced before leaving the living room. From their angle, the twins could see him as he walked into the kitchen. Annabeth knew what he was going to do, even before she heard the faucet turn on. He returned thirty seconds later with a glass of water. "See this?" he asked the boys, setting it down on the coffee table in front of them. They eyed it, though they had seen him get it from the sink. "A cup of water," Matthew answered slowly, like he was talking to a mental person. His tone would have grated on Annabeth's nerves, but Percy seemed unaffected. "Exactly," he answered nonchalantly, "Do you know what Poseidon is the god of?" "Yeah, the sea. There's a movie about him." Percy nodded. "God of the sea, storms, earthquakes, and bad Hawaiian shirts." He finished speaking and wasted no time in proceeding with his demonstration. He bent his arm up, palm down, so the twins could clearly see. His eyes not leaving theirs, he flicked his hand around, turning it palm up, and every last drop of water left the glass on the table and began spiraling atop his open palm; his own pocket-sized hurricane. The twins' eyes widened and their jaws dropped in perfect synchronization. Percy wore only a satisfied smirk, which Annabeth found herself mimicking. "Believe her now?" he asked. Matthew and Bobby, still gaping openly, nodded feverishly. Percy smiled wider, "Alright," and returned the water to its glass, giving it one last twirl on the way back for good measure. He returned to his seat without another word, leaving the water where it was on the table. The second he sat down, Matthew snatched the glass up in his hands and set to examining it thoroughly, as if Percy had somehow rigged it, though he'd been in their line of sight the entire time. After few seconds, he set the glass back in its place and joined his brother in staring at them. It was Matthew who spoke first. "You're… you're demigods." "That," Bobby said, his expression changing, "is so cool! " "Wait," Matthew said, "So that thing out there, that was, what, a monster? Seriously?" Percy and Annabeth nodded simultaneously. "A gryphon, actually," she clarified. "Really?" Bobby asked, "It… didn't look like one. I mean, they do look like that right? Like, giant cat-looking body, wings, bird face, all that? Like in stories?" "More or less, yeah. Mortals can't see monsters clearly though. The Mist obscures them." "The mist?" Matthew asked. Annabeth nodded again. "It's kind of like this invisible veil that prevents humans from seeing the mythological world. It's always been there, you just couldn't see it because of that veil." Beside her, Percy nodded agreement. "Yeah. There's a good chance you've passed a god on the street and didn't even know it. Probably the Roman version, since Camp Jupiter is so close to here, but still. Now that you know about us though, you'll probably be able to see all that more easily." "We'll be able to see gods ?" Bobby demanded. Percy nodded. "Maybe. Monsters too, probably. Or, you'll know there's something different about them, at least." "Wait, so if you fight monsters, do you, like, use weapons?" Matthew wanted to know. Annabeth nodded, and explained about Celestial Bronze and it's lethality to monsters. "You should see your sister with a knife," Percy put in when she finished, grinning at her, "Absolutely terrifying." "You'd better believe it, Seaweed Brain." Matthew had piped up again at that, grinning and gesturing to them. " Now , the nickname makes sense." Annabeth laughed. "Don't try using it though. He won't answer you." Percy nodded. "It's reserved for Annabeth. And sometimes Thalia because she doesn't take no for an answer, but…" That, of course, would lead to the two of them having to explain who Thalia was, and from there, the "Big Three," camp, quests, the wars they'd been in, the battles they'd won, the places they'd been, the friends they'd lost… The conversation was long from over, but the hardest part was behind them, and Annabeth found herself breathing easier now. It was like she'd been carrying around the weight of her brothers' ignorance without even knowing it, walking on eggshells around them, as if subconsciously just waiting for something to happen that would blow her carefully guarded secret and ruin everything she'd worked carefully to rebuild between herself and her family. And now she didn't have to anymore. The Chases all knew now, and everything had turned out okay. Part of her wondered, later that night as she replayed the day in her mind while Percy slept in the room across the hall, if some part of her had always longed for the approval of her family, if maybe, deep down, everyone did, and if pushing it down and away was how she'd coped with not having it; if she'd gotten so good at ridding it from herself that she'd convinced herself that she hadn't needed it after all, if she had convinced herself she'd be okay without it. Only now, that she didn't have to deny it anymore, did she realize that it definitely had not been okay, that it was only okay now, with her family knowing and accepting her for who she was, now that she didn't have to hide anymore. Now, everything was truly okay, and even if it had taken nineteen years to get to that point, it was better late than never. Thanks for reading! Hopefully you enjoyed it. I'd love to know your thoughts! Leave a review, if you'd be so kind! Disclaimer: Rick Riordan owns all rights to the characters used in this story.