and he croaked out, "Thanks." And then added sullenly, "Piper made me wear this." By this, he meant his current outfit of a collared, black, checkered, button-up shirt. His pants were one of those weird, popular styles that was half pants, half shorts, which was convenient for his cast. Will let out a laugh and Nico felt something in him relax as he smiled back nervously. The two of them looked at each other for a few seconds before finally reaching out to start on the waffles. "So," Will said, halfway through his pancakes and eggs, "Did you meant it?" He asked. Nico blinked up at the blond who ducked his head, face flushed. The son of Hades thought it endearing and then promptly squashed the thought back. "The uh- were you really planning to dance in the mob?" Nico closed his eyes, resigned. "Yes." "Oh." Will said, and Nico opened one eye to see him blinking in surprise. "Is that why you…" He gestured at the cast. Nico frowned unhappily. "Yeah." Will gulped, "Why?" He asked, "I mean, not that I don't appreciate the effort or anything." He added hurriedly, "I'm just- I didn't take you for the type to dance." Nico frowned. Wasn't it obvious why he was willing to dance on front of a bunch of people? Gods , was Will really that oblivious to his feelings? "I thought the answer was obvious." The son of Hades said slowly, dark eyes meeting wide, pale blue ones. "You know I won't do this ," He gestured to the table and then the dance practices, "Just for anyone ." Will swallowed again and his voice was on the rough side when he cleared his throat and said, "You must really like me." He said, half-joking. Nico couldn't help his nervous smile as he said, "A bit, yeah." Will blinked, surprised. "Oh." There was silence, wherein NIco fidgeted nervously, wondering if it was too soon to say. Will looked at him a bit longer and then relaxed. He smiled radiantly, "I like you quite a bit too." Nico's breath caught in his throat, "I'd hope so." He finally managed to choke out. The two of them looked at each other for awhile when suddenly, a slow song started playing. Will blinked in confusion, looking around, while Nico looked vaguely mortified and embarrassed. " Merda …" The son of Hades cursed under his breath in defeat. Will's face was flushed as he laughed. "Let me guess, not your doing?" Nico sighed, "Percy and Jason's idea. They probably got some poor Hecate kid doing a musical spell or something." He grumbled. He got up slowly and ignored his crutch, to Will's confusion. The son of Hades reached out a hand to the blond, "Well, let's go." Will looked up at him in confusion, both eyebrows raised in confusion, "Go where?" Nico tried not to roll his eyes, "We're gonna dance." He said as though it was obvious. Will gaped, blue eyes going down to Nico's cast, "Uh, no can do." "What? Why?" "If you hadn't noticed, you're in a cast." Will pointed out sternly, "You know, fractured ankle and all." "I'll be fine." Nico insisted, his hand falling to his side. Will gave him an unimpressed look, "We can, I don't know, put it over your foot or something, you can even lead and everything." Will sighed, "This isn't Twilight, Nico." He huffed in amusement, "And I'm not a century old vampire with superhuman strength that can carry you throughout the whole dance." The son of Hades raised his hands defensively, "I have no idea what Twilight is," Will snorted disbelievingly, "And it's just a slow dance, I won't get hurt. Promise on the Styx and everything." Will looked at him in surprise, "You're serious." Nico flushed, "I've been practicing." He crossed his arms, "It would be a shame to let it all go to waste." Will looked at him for a few seconds before shrugging and getting up. "Fine." He extended his hand to Nico this time. "Let's dance." The dark-haired teen flushed but accepted the hand. With a bit of hobbling they managed to get several feet away from the table and right in the middle of the clearing. The two of them stayed in place and swayed a bit to the music like an old couple. It made Nico blush but the warm smile on Will's face was worth it. "You are such a sap." The son of Hades grumbled, burying his face in Will's shoulder. The blond laughed. "Says the guy who wanted to slow dance." The son of Apollo absentmindedly kissed the shorter teen on the head. Nico looked up, dark eyes meeting pale blue ones. Will smiled, "Can I?" Nico swallowed but nodded, closing his eyes and tilting his face up. Just as he felt warm breath over his lips, he was suddenly swung to the side and dipped lower in an impressive move. Nico's eyes snapped open, "Wha-" But he wasn't able to finish his sentence because suddenly, Will was kissing him. The blond leaned back and smiled, before leaning back in to give the other a final chaste, kiss on the mouth. "And that," Will said a bit breathlessly, "Is how you end a dance." Nico blinked and then snorted despite his flushed state, "I hope you don't end all your dances this way, Solace, or we need to have words." Will laughed and gently pulled them back up. He rested his hands on Nico's waist, leaning down to rest his forehead on the other's shoulder. "Nah, I only do this with you, di Angelo." Nico smiled and ran a hand through the messy blond hair, "I hope so." He said. Will looked up and laughed. He gave him one more kiss. "Definitely." FIN Author's notes: I bet you guys thought Nico would strip tease *raised eyebrows* Well, to the second day (whew I can do this). Good? Bad? Tell me more about it!