a sharp elbow digging into Annabeth's side. "Hey, budge over a little. The sand's cold." "Everything's cold," Jason mumbles from where he's slowly falling asleep draped across Percy and Piper's laps. He stretches a little, clumsily patting Nico on the knee, and yawns so widely his jaw clicks. "As a former praetor, I suggest bedtime," he says. Annabeth can see Piper rolling her eyes even as Percy scoffs, whacking Jason lightly on the head. "As another former praetor, I suggest you're a wimp, Grace." There's a grumbling noise that's either Jason's indignant response or very faint thunder, but before anything can happen, Frank clears his throat. "As a current praetor, I strongly suggest that everyone who feels it necessary should go to bed," he says. "That includes you, doesn't it," Hazel says, a smile in her voice for the first time since the exhibition, and Frank nods sheepishly. In the end, nearly everyone leaves. Frank, Hazel, Jason and Piper disappear to their respective cabins, and after a tactful "June, you're shivering, don't feel like you have to stay," from Grover, Juniper heads back to the woods. Dryads aren't too good at night, he explains once she's gone. He stays though, moving to sit on Percy's other side. "You still here, Nico?" Percy says into the night. "Yeah," Nico says, to Annabeth's surprise; she'd thought that he'd left with the others, gone to check on Will. "C'mere," Percy says, like a parent guiding his child. "Let's have a look at you." Nico edges reluctantly into the centre of the blanket, hunching into himself. There's a long pause while Percy studies him, and Annabeth can hear him breathing. The sound mixes with the waves on the shore, soft and wet, and she can't tell who's crying until Percy shakes his head and pulls Nico into a tight hug. Grover glances at her, shrugs, and joins them, and she follows. She can feel them all under her hands; Grover's scrawny shoulders, curly hair almost long enough to touch them now; Nico's still-too-thin spine trembling as tears dampen the collar of his shirt; every inch of Percy that she knows so well. "You okay?" Percy murmurs, and it's a jarring mark of how far Nico's come when he shakes his head straightaway. "Do you want to talk?" Annabeth ventures. There's a few seconds of silence, and then Nico wriggles free from their hug, placing himself in a wider space between them, looking down at his hands, and just starts speaking. "He almost died," he says softly. "I could see it, right there, slipping away from me. He's stable now, I think, but it'll hit him harder tomorrow, and-" He breaks off, takes a shuddering, painful breath. "He almost died ," he says again, meeting their eyes with something only a few steps away from panic. "And- and-" "You were afraid to lose him," Grover says softly. Nico nods, exhales heavily. "Yeah." "We've all been there," Percy says, and squeezes Annabeth's hand. "And you know what? That's a good thing. When you feel like that, it's like... like..." He trails off, face creasing in a frown. "It's like having a place to come home to," Annabeth says, and she can't help but remember the days with Luke and Thalia, back when she was a child. Nico nods in agreement, and a little shiver runs through her when she's reminded of how much he's grown up in the last few years. It isn't fair, a small part of her brain complains, and she knows it's right; nothing in Nico's life has ever been fair. The next day, they drop into the infirmary. Nico's right; even asleep, he looks worse than he did last night, greyish skin drawn too tightly over his face. It's strange to see him lying in the bed instead of taking charge, although none of his siblings look too worried. "It happens sometimes," Austin says when Annabeth asks. "This isn't as bad as it's been before. One time his nose started bleeding and wouldn't stop, even when he passed out. Scared the crap out of me." He glances at the bed, and there's a small smirk on his face. "'Course, he's in good hands. Nico's been there since we brought him in this morning." Nico's perched on the edge of the bed, fidgeting with a little metal figurine which he hides in his fist when he sees them coming. He doesn't look too good either; dark shadows under his eyes, still dressed in yesterday's shirt, hair sticking up like it's trying to defy gravity. "Nico," Jason says gently, like he's trying not to startle him, "have you even slept?" There's a twenty second pause while Nico processes the question. "Not really." There's a collective sigh from every single one of them. Austin looks slightly alarmed. "Probably should've seen that coming," he mutters. "Nico, with all due respect, you're an idiot." "Go to sleep," Piper says, and Nico actually yawns before fixing her with a glare that looks like it's running out of batteries. "I'm not leaving Will," he says, quiet but firm. "You don't have to," Piper replies, tugging slightly at the blanket covering Will. Nico flushes scarlet. "I- is that allowed?" "I'm not looking," Austin says immediately, and wanders away humming. Nico shrugs, kicks his shoes off, and wriggles into the bed, careful not to jostle Will in the process. "Happy now?" he murmurs, eyes already sliding shut. Hazel leans down to plant a kiss on his forehead. "Yes," she says. "We'll see you later, if Will's up to it." Nico's mumbled reply turns into a surprised hum as Will, apparently still asleep, drapes an arm across his chest and pulls him close. Austin, smug grin firmly in place, starts herding them out of the door, but Annabeth takes one more look back at the pair of them, arms looped protectively over each other as they sleep. This still isn't fair, not by a long shot, but it's close enough for now.