much. Percy eliminated his dad, he didn't think he would resent him for any choices he made. Hera, Dionysus, and Ares already hated him and there was nothing he could really do about that. Besides the feeling was pretty mutual. Artemis would probably not be happy if he choose her due to him being a boy and all. Apollo, Hestia, Hermes, and Hephaestus didn't seem like ones to hold grudges...he hoped. Picking Zeus, Hades, or Athena, all being Poseidon's rivals, would probably be the only way Percy could make his dad angry. Percy crossed them off his list, he would just have to deal with them hating him a little bit more. All that was left to choose from was Aphrodite and Demeter. Percy didn't know if he could take Demeter forcing him to eat cereal three times a day. He looked over to Aphrodite, to stay she was stunning was be an understatement. His tongue got heavy just looking at her. It was clear to see why she was the goddess of beauty. She gave him a heart-wrenching smile and winked. "Percy choose wisely," she purred. Percy felt himself begin to drool, and started unconsciously walking over to her. He needed to choose her, there was no other option- "ENOUGH!" Percy heard Poseidon yell, which snapped him out of his trance and he stopped walking towards the love goddess. "HOW DARE YOU CHARMSPEAK MY SON!" He bellowed. Charmspeak , Percy thought, it suddenly made much more sense as to why Percy felt the need to choose her. Aphrodite could make him do anything she wished, and there wasn't a single thing he would be able to do about it. He always dismissed her as a goddesses just obsessed about her looks and love stories. He couldn't be anymore wrong. He gulped, that kind of power scared him more than any amount of lightning bolts Zeus could throw at him. The love goddess could take away his free will. Aphrodite was someone to fear, she was no pushover. "Dad it's ok," Percy said. "Aphrodite just helped me realize something. I want to train with her, I want to learn how to fight this power of hers. I don't want anyone to be able to control me," he explained. Aphrodite flashed Percy a brilliant smile that made his knees feel weak. "I accept!" she yelled out before Percy's father or Zeus could say anything else. Poseidon looked at his son questioningly, "Son are you sure? This isn't about your," he paused. "...friend is it?" He choose the word friend carefully. He hadn't considered that, Aphrodite being the love goddess would probably be able to help him deal with all the emotions coursing through him right now. Percy also felt embarrassed, did he make it that easy for everyone to guess what had happened, or did they just simply know since they were gods? Percy felt guilty, it wasn't right to blame her for not loving him. He did however want to get a better control of his emotions. He never wanted make the same mistake and love someone who didn't love him back. "Yes Dad I'm sure," he decided. Not knowing what to do, the son of Poseidon turned to face the goddess of love and looked at her questioningly. She seemed to pick up on his dilemma and beckoned him over, "Come Perseus." He nodded and made his way over to her throne. Once he reached it he knelt before her. "Rise Perseus, my champion," she said with a smile on her face. She slid down from her throne and reached out her hand, "And take my hand." Percy hesitantly reached out and grasped her hand and immediately felt power coursing through his body. It felt as if he was bathing in the Styx all over again, except there was no one to help him through the agony this time. If he wasn't kneeling he would have already fallen to his knees. Luckily the flow of power stopped before he started to scream in agony. After a few seconds he slowly rose to his feet. Demeter pointed to him and said, "See! That's what happens when you eat cereal!" Percy was confused, what was she talking about? It must have shown because Aphrodite snapped her fingers and a mirror appeared in front of him. Percy's mouth must have hit the floor. In the mirror he saw himself, but it wasn't himself. The person in the mirror looked better than the person he saw back at Circe's Island. He was tanner, taller, and his muscles were much more rigid. Every part of his body seemed to be enhanced. Percy then looked up at his eyes which were still a vibrant sea-green, but they had small specks in them that seemed to change color like a kaleidoscope. "A nice improvement don't you agree?" The love goddess seemed to be proud of herself. Percy reached out and touch the mirror. "Is that really me?" he asked, his mouth still agape. "It is, and don't worry," Aphrodite added, "Your appearance won't be the only thing that has changed, my champion," she said in her angelic voice. "I can't wait to see what you can do with some of my other powers." "Other powers?" Percy asked questioningly? He hadn't been aware that he would be getting any powers. Aphrodite winked, "You think the goddess of love and beauty only has one power?" "Enough, you two may finish this later" Zeus said, "For now, you will take him somewhere where he will be able to train." Zeus looked at Percy. "Your training is your life now. Until it is complete you shall not contact anyone from your previous one-" "Wait what-" "SILENCE!" The king yelled. "Aphrodite take him and be gone." Aphrodite nodded, then winked at Percy for the final time. Percy's knees went weak, he crumpled to the floor. Blackness slowly made its way to the center of his vision as Percy faded into unconsciousness.