most of the campers were going home for a break from the god-half of their lives. Almost no one was staying behind and everyone had healed up nicely since the war so he really wasn't needed much. Besides, the camp would be busy all summer constructing the new cabins. Will had realized that the last few weeks in camp, after the Battle in Manhattan, had been the most stressful time for him. That's why when his mom had invited him home to spend time with his stepdad and stepsisters, he immediately said 'yes'. As a healer, he knew that time away from everything would be healthy for him. By everything he meant, being away from the infirmary and… from Nico as well. It wasn't the son of Hades' fault that Will had suddenly developed confusing feelings for him. It wasn't his fault either that the son of Apollo tended to flinch every time he saw him or that his chest tightened impossibly when he saw Nico give off a rare smile or ordered his worker skeletons around camp. In those few years, (from the first time Nico stepped into camp and Will wanted to befriend him to now, when he was a hero and Will was just another head counselor of the Apollo cabin) the son of Apollo had always thought about that boy who only had his mythomagic games and his sister left in the world. He'd worried about that boy who'd lost his sister and thrown away his old games, who'd run away into the dark and came out changed. He thought about that boy who wasn't a boy anymore, who was a hero and came back to save the camp and the gods that rejected his father and to an extent him too. In the past, Will had liked the boy with the wide smile and a million questions for the world. In the present, somewhere along the way to now, he'd fallen for the quiet boy of darkness who loved someone fiercely for years despite not being loved back, whose smiles were like finding gems in dark sand, who came to all of their rescue even though he wasn't obliged to do so. And if given the chance, Will would tell him all of these things. If he had the courage he was always lacking, he'd stand in front of Nico and tell him everything Will thought about him, tell him why he liked him, tell him why he should stay… He'd ask him to stay . He wondered if anyone ever asked him to stay before. Maybe Percy had once, and if the great hero couldn't make the son of Hades stay then Will had no chance. His feelings for Nico were the cliché of all clichés. Liking (loving) someone who liked someone else. To Nico di Angelo, Will Solace was probably just a background character to Percy Jackson, the infamous hero of Olympus who convinced gods to recognize their children, the first hero to turn down immortality in centuries. Compared to him, what was a meager son of Apollo whose only talent was in healing? There were a million reasons why he shouldn't tell Nico he liked him. It ranged from the fact that Nico probably didn't know him and he'd just come off creepy and stalker-y, to the fact he knew he had no chance from the get-go so there was no point. All in all boiled down to the same thing, really. Fear. Fear of rejection, fear of being hurt, fear of being found out, fear of being pitied. Fear of not being good enough. He said he lacked courage but the truth was that he lacked a lot of things. Percy Jackson was brave, strong, and could protect anyone and everyone he loved. Will could only deafen people with his ultrasonic whistle and heal. Between him and Percy Jackson, there wasn't much of a choice. "Hey, sorry for the wait." Kayla suddenly tapped him on the shoulder making him jump. His reaction made her frown, "Something wrong?" "No, I'm fine." He assured as he self-consciously shouldered his bag. "Let's go." The two of them were walking to the camp borders when they spotted a familiar dark figure, leaning by Thalia's tree. Will's shoulders tensed as Kayla nudged him. "Look, it's di Angelo. Wonder what he's up to." His sister wondered out loud. Probably seeing Jackson and Chase off. He wanted to say but it felt like his tongue was glued to the roof of his mouth so he settled with a shrug. "Hey di Angelo, how goes the construction?" Kayla called to the son of Hades who turned to them. Will didn't meet his eyes and looked down at the hill instead, where Percy and Annabeth were having a race to get to their respective parents. "The Hades cabin construction is going well, but I have to leave the skeletons here." Nico said and Will looked at the other boy who was looking at his sister, "I have to head to the Underworld for a bit, emergency." "Oh, well good luck. I guess, we'll see you next summer." Kayla said and Nico seemed a bit surprised by those words before nodding. "Let's go Will. See ya' Nico." "Goodbye." Nico said simply, looking at Kayla and then at Will. The son of Apollo could feel Kayla giving him an expectant look as he turned to Nico. A million things to say ran through his mind... I'm sorry… about everything. Thank you for coming to save us, even though you didn't have to. You're a hero, Nico. Nico, I- …None of which he said out loud. "Yeah." Will said with a nod, "We'll see you." A million things he could have said, a million things he could have done... And not one would have changed the way Nico di Angelo couldn't see Will Solace as Will saw him. Author's notes: Yep, both quotes are mine, I was in 'that mood'. Happy heart break!