might have been utterly useless the last time that Annabeth called in a panic, but Annabeth is running out of options. She turns on the shower in the bathroom and opens up a well-placed window that makes a dim little rainbow in the spray. Does she have a drachma on her? She does. There's one that weighs heavily in her pocket. "O Iris, accept my offering. Piper McLean at… at… Camp Half-Blood?" Piper is in the training arena, bashing the Hades out of a practice dummy with her fists. Her short hair is flying in every direction, chest heaving with exertion and kaleidoscopic eyes flashing with determination. But she stops when she realises that Annabeth is right there and staring, and a smile breaks out on her face. "Hey, Annabae," she says. She looks like she's trying hard not to laugh, but Annabeth is too frazzled to reprimand her for the shocking nickname. "So, I met Percy's tutor." Piper's eyes widen. She steps around the dummy and closer to the projection of Annabeth's face. "And?" "She's hot as hell. I told you this would be my luck. He's probably going to run away with her now and have her children." The daughter of Aphrodite wrinkles her nose. "First of all, no he won't. Second of all, you need to calm down. Third of all , are you sure that you're not the one going off and cheating on Percy with this girl?" Annabeth looks distraught. "She's a red head! Like Rachel! And he used to have a thing for Rachel!" This is literally the most lost Annabeth has ever been. She's fought demonic cheerleaders and Gorgons and Titans, but she can't for the life of her figure out her own love story. This isn't something she can look up in a book, or sort out by herself. Aphrodite made sure of that when she wrote the handbook of love in invisible fucking ink and turned it into her own personal godsdamned soap opera. Piper nods. "Yes," she says. "I can see how that might trouble you. Percy preferred you, the blonde , over Rachel, and yet he might dump you for a red head that he just met and who teaches him math. No offence, Annabeth, but… math isn't really a good building block for a relationship." "And neither is telling your boyfriend that he's an idiot." Shrugging, Piper looks down at the ground and yawns. "If he really had a problem with that, he'd have left you years ago. Now, are you going to go out there and-" she breaks off, looking at something over Annabeth's shoulder before her face breaks into a broad grin. "Bye, Annabeth." "Wait, Pipes, what-" Piper swipes her hand through the image of Annabeth and severs the connection, and Annabeth spins around. Standing by the doorway with his mouth slightly agape and his green eyes stormy is Percy Jackson. "H-how long have you been there?" Percy raises his eyebrows. "Something about me having children with my math tutor?" Great. Just great. Now he's going to know what a jealous piece of shit Annabeth is. She swallows hard, reaching over to turn off the spray. She doesn't offer an explanation, just stands there with her hands dangling uselessly by her sides as she works out what to say to him. She'd rather face Kelli the empousa again than tackle this. "Annabeth," Percy squeezes his eyes shut tight, like he's trying to work out what to say. "I don't… I heard the shower start and I just wondered… well, you seemed upset before. And I thought maybe…" "You eavesdropped on purpose?" Annabeth is indignant. Sure, she could deal with it when she'd thought that he'd accidentally overheard her talking about him having kids with other women but… the fact that he'd come up here with the intent of eavesdropping? "Well, what the hell else was I meant to do?" Percy looks frustrated. "You don't tell me anything. You've been upset since… since I told you…" he trails off, like he's just sort of working it out. "Are you jealous of Riley?" "No!" Annabeth snaps. Mostly because, well, he should've really worked that out by now. "You are ," he looks slightly guilty now. "Annabeth… I thought I was doing you a favour. I thought that helping me study wasn't something that you needed to be saddled with. I know I'm an idiot and I don't get stuff straight away, and that maybe it wasn't your job to stress about that." Which makes it all worse, doesn't it? Annabeth wants it to be her job. And she hates the fact that he thinks so lowly of himself; and she can't help but blame herself for it. "No, Percy," Annabeth tells him. "I was wrong to snap at you. And… I call you Seaweed Brain because, yeah, maybe you can be a little obtuse sometimes, but I don't think you're an idiot. You might not always get school work, but you're pretty smart when it comes to real life. ADHD and Dyslexia is hard to deal with for me , and I'm a daughter of the wisdom goddess." He looks like he's about to protest, but Annabeth is on a roll now. "So, I want you to go down there and tell Riley that she's been great, but you have me now. Okay? I'm going to help you pass your last year at school if it's the last thing I do." And then she kisses him, lingering on his lips slightly and relishing in the taste of him. The fresh spray of the salt and the smell of the ocean that dusts his skin like a smokescreen. Then Percy smiles at her, and his nose brushes against hers as he touches her lips with his once more, and he says, "okay." And months later, Percy Jackson passes high school; and the grin on his face is worth every minute of study (and maybe the celebratory sex is, too).