have some level of flight, since your patron is Zeus." "And you have a god's favor," Chiron added, staring at her intently. "But that is not always a good thing. Many heroes have been toyed with because a god favored them." "Great," she said, staring at the ground. "Static shocks won't affect me and I have a chance of going insane." "You were going to end up like that anyways," David said, cracking a smile, but she didn't miss the worried glance between him and Chiron. "He knows who my dad is," she said. Chai looked up at Chiron. " You know who my dad is. You know my mom. She must've told you." "I have my suspicions, yes, but I did not meet you mother until the day you arrived," he replied. She frowned. "But she's a demigod. Daughter of Tyche." For a brief moment, his eyes widened, but the moment passed quickly and the expression left his face. "Many children of the minor gods and the less… blatant Olympians can often go undetected in terms of their aura. It's why many of them only come to camp for the summer." He shook his head. "But enough of that. Your training will intensify tomorrow. Go rest in Cabin Eleven for now." She froze. "For now?" David placed a hand on her shoulder and smiled weakly. "You're a champion of Zeus now," he said. "And we don't know your godly parent. You'll have to move to Cabin One." "Oh." She bit her lip and looked down again, tears finally coming to her eyes. "Okay." "Do not despair," Chiron said. "We will do everything in our power to prepare you for the path ahead." But , she thought to herself, will I survive? -O-O-O-O- Chai parried a sword thrust aside, swiping at David with her left sabre and blocking him with her right. He swept his leg at her feet while simultaneously throwing her right arm back and twisting his sword to meet her left sabre with the hilt of his sword. She dropped her right sabre, knowing that it would reappear on her wrist as a leather cord, and grabbed his leg, pulling hard, but she only fell down on her butt, losing balance. "Whoa, there," David laughed, offering her a hand up. "Wait until you're bigger for that one." He readied his sword at her. "Again." They began again. She was eight now, with one bead on her camp necklace, and the mark on her hand had grown, wrapping just beyond the edge of her palm like ivy, like a vine. Every now and then, she could feel a faint humming from it, as if it were alive. It was slightly concerning, to say the least, to have a mark on her body that Zeus could send messages, and, as she found out through some research, pain through. Even death, if he wished for it. The spar ended again, this time with her right sabre pointed at his throat and her left sabre pointed at his heart. She breathed heavily, glaring at him, and he raised his hands. "I give, I give." She lowered the sabres, hitting the pommels together and returning them to their watch form. Then, she sprawled out on the ground, scowling at the sky. David joined her, spreading his arms out. "I can't believe you're already at this point in your training," he said. "You really threw yourself into it, didn't you?" "I have to," she said. "I don't want to die." He eyed her. "You're a bit too young to be thinking like that. It's weird. You're almost, well, Spartan." "I have to be," she said again, scowl growing deeper. "But what do you want to be?" he asked. " Who do you want to be? It's important for demigods to figure that out, since we're usually defined by who our parents are." "I don't even know who I am right now!" Chai cried out. She flopped over onto her stomach. "At least the ones who know their parents have some kind of identity." "Then, who were you before you learned you were a demigod?" She turned her head to the side, resting her cheek on the cool dirt. "I was Chae-Seon," she said. "But now I'm Chai." David sat up, brushing the dirt from his shirt. "Can't you be both?" "No," she stated. "Chae-Seon would die. I don't know if Chai will, but she has a better chance." Separating herself into a "before" personality and "after" personality probably wasn't the smartest choice, but it was how she dealt with her new life. She crafted Chai as a very specific kind of person. Chae-Seon wouldn't be able to bear this life. Chai was able to. It helped with the hurting. "You remind me of someone I know," David said. "My younger half-sister. Same mom. She's completely mortal, though. And two years older than you. But you're both kind of…prickly." Chai blinked. "You're a year-round camper. Don't you miss her?" She disregarded his prickly comment. Prickly was going to be what got her through her new life. "Of course I do," he mused. "But I'm not strong enough to protect her yet. So I have to stay here." He turned to her. "So that's what you have to do too. Protect yourself, and protect your mom. Grow strong enough." "But I'm a champion now," she sighed. "I'll never be left alone." "Maybe not," David agreed. "But it never hurts to try." He got up, picking up his sword and offering her a hand. She took it, and readied her sabres again. And so her life as a half-blood began. Abandoned. Toughened. Marked. -O-O-O-O- A/N: Hi, guys! Here I am, starting another story. During the week before finals. University finals. I never claimed I made good decisions though :') Don't be like me. You'll regret it later. I'll post this up for now, but I'll probably update again after finals are over. See you next time!