saved me… and I… "Worthless, stupid, insane…" I growled out insults to myself, each one worse than the last. That was how Anabeth found me, pacing circles in the woods around a tree, insulting myself. "Strike?" I stopped and looked up, "oh…" I muttered as she walked up to me. "Piper sent me after you… she said she was really, really worried about you." "She's worried about me? Surprising…" "Why would you think that?" "I scared the living shit out of her and Jason, as in Jason was ready to cut me down with his sword, and made them run away." "She said you killed Octavian." "Don't say his name," I whispered, Octavian's screamed obscenities at me in Greek, Latin, and English, good thing he didn't know Italian. I put my hands over my ears and began to pace again. Anabeth stared. "Strike?" Anabeth had been to Tartarus, so had Percy, and Nico, but they hadn't been there for months, only days. "He's screaming, he won't stop screaming… " I whispered as I began my circle again, hands over my ears. " No! Strike, watch out!" "Strike!" Anabeth's voice was faint. Octavian screamed, I couldn't find him though, only hear him, screaming my name. "Strike!" It was hardly there, as if only a memory. Octavian, and the Drakon, and Damasen, and Iapetus, and the empousa, and the dracaena, everyone I encountered was surrounding me, Octavian moved forward, his hand ghosting my chin. " You're amazing… especially for a Greek." " Not so bad for a Roman who tried to kill me…" I replied. The monsters closed in, Octavian gave me a look and I nodded, standing back to back with him, we fought… no.. he's dead… I'm dead? I…. Third POV Strike screamed and dropped to her knees, she'd begun swinging on Percy when he showed up, Anabeth jumped in to help, then Leo arrived, they were all just trying to disarm her, but she fought like a monster. Then she screamed and fell to her knees, mumbling, her sword was cast away. "Alright for a Roman who tried to kill me… not bad at all… Octavian… no… the bastard, that amazingly, perfectly, stupid, racist, asshole…" Strike began muttering as she knelt on the forest floor, leaves surrounded her, and the trees had gone silent, the wind still, nobody moved as Strike continued mumbling to herself. Then she began laughing, and she laughed, and she laughed, it wasn't even a terrifying laugh, she was legitimately laughing as if Leo had made a joke, or Percy had tickled her. "No!" The laughing stopped and she screamed at the top of her lungs. Strike fell to her side and curled into a ball, the brown of the leaves creating a negative scene around the black of her clothes. Nobody moved, Strike whimpered as she lay, barely moving except for the gentle tick here and there. Then the strangest thing… she… "woke-up"... Strike stood and sheathed her sword looking around. "What?" She asked. "Strike… where were you these past three months?" Strike's POV I looked around, when had everyone else arrived? Anabeth was expecting an answer. She always was, and part of me wanted to give it, but part of me didn't want to. " When we get out… are we ever going to tell anyone?" I asked as Octavian brushed his thumb across my hand. He kissed my cheek and shrugged, "do you want to?" " The Greek hating augur of Rome and the other child of the sea from Greece, can you see the headlines in the papers?" We laughed. "Strike?" Percy looked at me expectantly. I sat down on the crunching leaves and took in my surroundings. Colorful trees, and fallen leaves, concerned faces and still air… everything was holding it's breath to hear my answer. "The Greek hating augur from Rome and the other child of the sea from Greece, can you see the headlines?" I murmured, Leo stared at me. "Are you talking about Octavian?" " The odd pair who survived Tartarus." Octavian relayed. I grinned, "they'll make you Praetor for sure." "The odd pair who survived…" I said with a sad smile, "except he didn't survive. That stupid drakon got him, and… and…" My brother knelt next to me, putting a hand on my shoulder. " Are you alright?" Octavian put a hand on my shoulder, we'd been attacked and I was out quickly, the descendant of Apollo smiled nervously at me, gingerly moving his hand to the bleeding cut on my cheek, not knowing how I'd react… "Strike… were you in Tartarus?" Nico asked. "Make him Praetor for sure…" I choked, "and I killed him." " Strike!" Octavian shoved me out of the way and the drakon's claws ripped through his body. " OCTAVIAN!" "Octavian… I promised… and I killed him…" I looked up, a small breeze had begun again, more leaves drifted to the ground, and Anabeth was no longer there. "I killed him…" I said looking my brother in the eye. The wind blew my hair from my face and Percy's eyes widened as did Nico's and Leo's. "No, you didn't, he fell into Tartarus and he died saving you." Percy said, "it was his choice, not yours. You did NOT kill him." I didn't believe him. I don't think I believed myself, or anyone… I didn't know…. I began to hyperventilate, memories flashed, melding with reality, there were shouts, something hit my head… and then it was dark. A/N: So there's chapter one, I don't really know exactly how to go from here, but I should post soon. Please Review, and for clarification, Strike is having major hallucination problems due to the trauma of being in Tartarus for three months. Yes, Octavian is dead. I put a hint at romance in that Octavian and Strike may have had a relationship, you'll have to continue to check for new postings to get the details on that. Thanks again! Ravyn P.S. Please leave a review!