friends all left after saying their farewells—Hazel pecking Nico on the cheek—leaving Nico and Percy alone in their house. "Whoa!" Percy cried out as he was suddenly swept off his feet and landed into Nico arms. Nico nearly cheered aloud when the last person left the house. Don't get him wrong, it wasn't that he didn't enjoy or appreciate the party—it was honestly terrific and Nico couldn't believe they all did that for him and oh, Zeus, he actually had a birthday now—but he had been waiting all night so that he could have his way with Percy. And the time was finally here. He swooped down and grabbed Percy by the back of his knees, such that he was carrying the son of Poseidon bridal style. A sound of surprise escaped Percy's lips and he asked, "Nico? What are you doing?" as Nico walked them to the bedroom. Nico chuckled as he reached the bed and dumped Percy quite ungracefully onto it. "What do you think, bello? I've been waiting to do this all night." He started planting open-mouthed kisses onto the long expanse of Percy's neck, eliciting moans from the man below him. "Nico…" Percy whined. "Want you." "Want you too," Nico panted as he continued to undress them. He grinned when he saw Percy's sea-green eyes cloud with lust when he removed all his undergarments, revealing his thick cock. "You want this?" Nico teased, brushing his erection against Percy's soft lip while Percy thrust out his arse unconsciously. "You want this, don't you?" "Yes! If you don't put your cock in me now I'll never forgive you," Percy said. He opened his mouth wide, inviting. Nico groaned as he slowly entered the warm, wet cavern. Percy sucked and licked Nico's dick as if it were a lollipop. But the best things about Percy's blowjobs that got Nico harder than ever was his eagerness. Nico always got the impression that Percy would be happy for the rest of his life as long as he was sucking Nico's cock. "Oh… Oh!" Nico howled as Percy took him deeper, until the tip was hitting the back of Percy's convulsing throat. He pulled out immediately, causing Percy to sob at the loss, when he realised that he would come if he spent any more time in that delightful mouth. And he really wanted to fuck Percy. "Turn around," Nico said, voice husky. "I want to be in you when I come." "Oh yes!" Percy flipped over and presented his arse to Nico like a precious gift from the gods. Nico stared at it and drooled a little. He would never get tired of the sight of Percy's perfectly rounded arse. He reached for the half-empty tube of lube—which they always conveniently put on the top of the nightstand—and squeezed the slippery stuff onto three of his fingers. Nico spread Percy's arsecheeks, groaning at the tiny pucker furling and unfurling, and inserted a finger. Then another. And another. Until Percy was practically begging to be taken. "Nico please! Get inside me now!" And how could Nico ever say no to such a compelling offer? He slicked his hard cock up, positioning himself at Percy's hole and slowly breached the tight muscle. Nico sighed as his dick was enveloped in Percy's clenching heat. He couldn't be patient anymore—he had been patient the whole night—and shove in a single, swift motion, bringing such a sweet moan from Percy that he had to turn Percy's head around so that he could claim those lips. "Fuck me," Percy breathed. Nico did, pushing in again and again and again until he established a sort of rhythm, always aiming for Percy's prostate, causing the green-eyed man to push back onto Nico's thrusts. Nico felt his orgasm rising and wrapped his hand around Percy's cock, bringing him off, his other hand holding tightly on Percy's hip as the intervals between his thrusts became less frequents until…until—ohhhh! His come flooded Percy's passage as Percy came into Nico's fist. Nico's pulled out, his soft cock popping out as his come dribbled out from Percy's arse. Nico moaned appreciatively and couldn't help bringing one of his come-stained fingers to the sloppy hole to push the come back in. He wiggled the finger playfully, and Percy whimpered, still shivering with the aftershocks of his orgasm. Nico smiled, pulling out the finger—dragging it from the passage at a leisurely pace—and bringing it to Percy's lips. His finger was sucked in in and instant, Percy's tongue curling around the long digit. Nico shook his head fondly, pulling his hand away, and caught those lips with his own, tasting the mix of his and Percy's come, as well as the slightest hint of the birthday cake they had previously eaten, as he explored his boyfriend's mouth. "Um…" Percy hummed as Nico's tongue invaded his mouth. They kissed for a long time before Percy yawned—feeling quite tired after planning a party, and getting thoroughly shagged—and Nico pulled away, falling onto the bed space beside Percy. Nico took Percy into his arms; his hands wrapping around Percy's slim waist as he pressed close to Percy's back, spooning him. "So how was your birthday sex?" Percy questioned. He wanted to know how Nico felt about the whole day. "It was great," Nico replied, rubbing his face into Percy's hair. "Thank you for that." "You're welcome." Percy turned around to face Nico and planted a small peck onto his lips before snuggling into Nico's naked, toned chest. "I'm glad you liked it." "I loved it," Nico corrected. "And I love that you did all that for me. "Just one thing," Nico continued. Percy looked curiously into Nico's eyes. "What?" Percy wondered. "Next year, let's skip the party and can straight into the shagging. We can do all sorts of kinky things," Nico stopped for a moment, brushing his lips at Percy's ears. His voice was softer when he said, "You are enough of a birthday present for me." The End