said, his thick country accent lulling over everyone. Austin was the peacekeeper out of the group, the exact opposite of his girlfriend, who loved being the second-best troublemaker in their old school. "Yeah, well I'm gonna be going there on Monday, so my life is now, officially over," Annabeth said, discarding her mocha latte. "Well, let's go find this Nancy, and have a little fun shall we?" Drew asked, a smirk stretching over her face. "Wise Girl, are you in position?" Lacey's voice said through Annabeth's ear. "Affirmative," She replied, observing her area for Nancy Bobofit. She was now behind a plotted plant behind Large 'N Loving. Honestly, she thought she would die when Drew gave her, her position. Who would go shopping at Large 'N Loving? The place was like some vintage 1970's place, and only mother's whose children are all grown up, and they can't stop living in the past. "Now, Pretty Boy," Drew yelled into her phone, and Annabeth had to refrain from humming the James Bond theme tune. Matthew walked past Nancy, whistling innocently. He wiped his hands on his pants, signaling for Austin to walk through. He walked past, pushing an ice cream cart. Lacey nodded at Annabeth, and she moved away from her lovely hiding spot behind Large N Loving. Annabeth strolled down, with an air of confidence but subtlety. People stopped and stared at her, watching as her blonde curls cascaded down her back, framing her cheekbones with ease. The ringlets tangled at the end, giving her a crazed look, but Annabeth somehow seemed to pull it off. Her startling grey eyes, looked like a storm was brewing, and her lips smirked mischievously. Nancy glared at her, seeing the spotlight was off her and was now on someone else. "Hey, if you're looking for Ugly R Us, it's down at the Nerd Mall," She sneered, laughing at her own joke. Her friends laughed as well, but then quickly stopped when they saw Nancy not laughing anymore. Nancy's face looked like a powdered baboon, and you could see the lumps and uneven skin tone clearly. Her ginger hair was straightened so much it looked fried and her dull blue eyes looked like it had make-up in it. Annabeth was still smirking, her plan was working perfectly. "If I remember, it was you who's ugly. Or is you peanut-sized brain too small to recognize that fact?" Annabeth asked, one of her eyebrow rose. She could tell that Nancy wasn't expecting that, she looked like a deer caught in headlights. Her face was scrunched up in confusion, making her uneven skin tone look horrid under the light, and her red hair, that was straightened until it looked fried, was all over her face. She didn't know how to respond, but lucky for her, one of her 'wannabes' retorted for her. "As if Nancy cares what you think," She sneered, causing Annabeth's smirk to grow. She turned her face innocent, before directly looking at Nancy. "So tongue-tied you had one of your friends retaliate for you? Oh wait, you don't know what retaliate means, my bad," Annabeth said, beginning to walk away. "Hey, you come back here!" Nancy yelled, storming after Annabeth. She smirked as she passed Lacey, who then did the hand signal for Drew. Annabeth stopped when she reached the mall's fountain, turning towards Nancy who was sweating patches. "Now, like I said before, you're not getting of that easy," Nancy wheezed. Hey, Annabeth did track, she was athletic, unlike some people, ahem, Nancy, ahem. Nancy had small sweat dripping down her face, leaving streaks where her foundation had come off because of it. "You know Nancy, that top is really nice," Annabeth said sweetly. Nancy looked taken back first, but she started to smirk, realizing she had Annabeth right where she wanted her, kissing her feet like everyone else. "I know, it's vintage," Nancy said, raising her head high. Did Annabeth ever say she really hated redheads? No, well she does. Only a majority make it in her good books. "It'll be a shame if something happened to it," Annabeth continued, looking very innocent, honestly , she thought, I could be an actress. Nancy still didn't notice that Annabeth said it'll, as in it will… Annabeth moved one of her curls to the right, signaling Austin to move in. He walks towards them, whistling innocently, before 'accidently' tripping, sending the ice-cream in his hand flying towards Nancy. It hit the shirt smack bang in the middle. Nancy screamed and what made it even better was that she tripped and fell, head first into the mall's fountain. Annabeth threw her head back laughing as Nancy coughed up water. Her make-up was streaming down her face, making her looked like a retarded panda, and her clothes were completely soaked. She squealed, before stamping her hands on the ground, making water fall everywhere. Of course, in came Drew with the video camera and Lacey with the digital. "This is so going on the school paper!" Drew laughed videoing Nancy's fit. Lacey nodded, taking various pictures as well. "I can see it now, Mall Panda getting a Bath ," Austin said, laughing his butt off. "Well, it'll be my screensaver," Matthew said, chuckling. Annabeth turned to Nancy, her eyebrows raised. Nancy's friends had run away, as soon as the ice-cream made contact with her shirt. "You're such a freak Annabeth!" She yelled, her eyes filling with absolute hate. "Yeah, I am a freak, but you know, at least I'm not a bitch," Annabeth said, a smirk flittering across her face. Nancy screamed at the top of her lungs. Annabeth looked at her with an eyebrow raised, before liking arms with Drew and Lacey. She walked out of the Mall, her head held high, with her friends walking with her. Hey, she may be leaving for Long Island in two days, but at least she left with a bang. Dun, dun, duuh! How was it? What did ya think?