some. I mean, my dad locked me up in a time pausing resort casino for almost sixty years before pulling my sister and I out. After that things went down hill." I nodded, "that's life though, Fates are cruel." Nico nodded in agreement, then he looked over at me, "Jesse, that photo on your mirror, of a boy your age, who was that?" I smirked, "that photo's old, it's of my uncle." Nico nodded, "there's a photo of him at camp." I blinked, "really?" Nico nodded, "yeah, I think he was killed during a quest though." I nodded, "mom said he died before I was born, she always called him her ray of sunshine." "Son of Apollo, probably." I shrugged, I honestly didn't know, "I never really knew. Mom didn't talk about him except to say he was her brother and she missed him. Maybe that's why she was so protective, not wanting the same thing to happen to me." "Maybe, didn't your grandmother say she'd tried to change the Fates, as if trying to protect you." "She'll probably get me killed." Nico shrugged, "it's dangerous to mess with them, but it has been done before." I nodded, "I guess I can only hope I survive this then." "Don't we all?" I nodded, "so, your sister, doesn't she miss you?" Nico looked away, "the other way around. She was killed on a quest almost three years ago now." I put my hand on his shoulder, Nico tensed a bit, but didn't shove me away, "sorry I brought it up." Nico shook his head, "she was amazing, and it wasn't anyone's fault but her own. She… she wanted to join the Hunters of Artemis, she wanted to do something for herself instead of for me, once I realized that, I went from being angry, to being depressed." I noticed the tears in his eyes and turned away, pretending not to see it, but keeping my hand on his shoulder. We watched the rain fall for hours, until I noticed he'd fallen asleep. I rubbed his shoulder again and closed my eyes before falling asleep myself. When I woke up, it was light out, but the rain hadn't stopped. Instead of a heavy pour it became a slow drizzle, so I let Copper out of the car and grabbed my water, I let Copper drink from my hands, then took a couple sips for myself as Nico woke up. I grabbed a slice of the pizza we hadn't touched, and folded it half before taking a bite. "Morning," I said as I swallowed, "though it's apparently afternoon," I muttered before taking another bite of cold pizza. "Hi, gods, so, what now?" I shrugged and let Copper out to do his business as Nico sat his seat up, "I'll be right, back," he said heading for the diner. I smirked, figuring he'd probably need to use the bathroom. With a sigh I finished my pizza and let Copper back into the car, then gave him a bowl of food that he wolfed down. Nico returned and sighed, "traveling by car is pretty cool, haven't done it often." I shrugged, "the effect wears off after your legs get stiff and you can't really change positions for twelve hours." Nico cringed, I laughed, "come on, Ghost Boy, we've got a door to find." We traveled on for hours, heading south now, we'd crossed state lines and gone into Iowa. Nico and I were quiet, I eventually turned on the radio, "got a preference?" I asked. Nico shook his head, "you're the driver." I grinned and turned on the Heavy Metal station, Nico smirked, and eventually I began to sing along to the music. I noticed Nico humming and singing. I grinned, "don't be shy, I'm tone def, so join in," I said during the guitar solo of a song by Suicide Silence. Ghost Boy looked at me warily, but the next song he joined in. Eventually, we were just a couple of kids and a dog flying down the road singing stupid songs without a care in the world. Even Copper was howling along as he stuck his head out the window. I pulled on a four-lane highway, heading west. "Hey," I said suddenly as I pulled over into a parking area to let Copper out, "I have a map." Nico stared at me. "You have a what?" "A map! Holy shit I never even thought about it!" Copper dodged around searching for a good spot and Nico put some water in his bowl for him next to the tire as we spread the map out on the hood of the car. Nico stared at it. A red line traced where we'd been, and a little glowing marker showed where we were, in almost the dead center of Iowa. "Okay, so this is where we've been, and this, must be important." I said, pointing to a green spot that glowed slightly on a small town in New Mexico. There was also a spot dead center between two blue glowing dots; the midway point between the camps. "So, we need to get to New Mexico, and then back here? I mean the last line, 'the journey will end when it lies between'," I muttered, at this point I was beyond annoyed. "But the shoreline part, what about that?" I shrugged, "good question?" Nico shrugged and I folded the map back up, "we'll head in that general direction, unless… I hope to gods we don't have to go all the way to New Mexico just to find that door." Nico shrugged and I sighed. "This is going to suck." Nico concluded. I nodded in agreement, this quest, was really going to suck. A/N: Hey, so please review, there will be more OC's introduced later on, but for now, let's see how Nico handles having company as he travels around. Granted he seemingly doesn't mind Jesse J's company. Please read and review! I thrive on them. Thanks! Raven