Had she? "Hum… Yes? Seems so… But Annabeth, how did you…? She froze in my arms clearly in tension. "I… Well I guess we exchanged a dream. Together. It's possible since you know the Labyrinth does that kind of things to fool people". She sounded unsure as if she was trying to convince herself of it. "That was the most vivid and weirdest dream I've had" I murmured. Annabeth released me biting her low lip, her eyebrows almost together. Knowing her the way I did, she was thinking hard, her brain working like a machine gear. "It was very real to me… I almost believed it. I mean…" she sighed "Your mortal life… I thought you'd really stay there forever and would never come back". "But Annabeth it was a just a dream. Weird but a dream. Right?" She didn't answer me and instead she stared at the fire. My mind started working to see if I could remember details of the supposed dream – I couldn't remember much, but something crossed my mind. "It wasn't a dream at all then? We lived it, this what are you thinking?" Annabeth looked at her hands nervously. "I have a theory but it's too crazy even for the god's standards. I guess it was a parallel reality, something like that". " Parallel reality ?" I asked very confusingly. "Yes I mean, I've never believed it was possible such a thing since it's just a speculation. Though, yes I guess our dream was that. I've never imagined the Labyrinth could do it". So Annabeth and I ended up in a supposed parallel reality gods know where, and I almost stayed there until the end of my life. Suddenly, I understood. "Not only the Labyrinth," I said. "What do you mean?" She frowned. "I guess it was Janus making me choose… I remember his words, he said he'd make me choose soon" I sighed frustrated "Though I can't believe he'd come back so sooner ". Annabeth seemed very bothered for something I couldn't point out, I'd say I was too. I mean Janus made me live in a parallel reality where I was just a mortal bloke with a family? Yeah, kind disturbing to think mainly when your best friend was appearing to the so-called parallel reality trying to give you some sense. "Right… Better not sleep now, I'm not sure if I could. I prefer to stay here, thanks". "So you really prefer to be a half-blood?" Somehow, she looked at me anxiously. "Hum yes? It's not like I had a choice at all, but if you ignore the nasty monsters, stupid prophecies and angry gods, it's quite nice to be a half-blood". I chuckled and I thought Annabeth would laugh too, but she was serious with a strange fear in her face that I've never seen before. She spoke again to the fire, avoiding me. "The thing is Percy, you could have stayed there forever if you wanted. You wouldn't need to come back to this reality. Not at all. You could be with that girl…" she stopped her voice failed to go on. My jaw dropped. Ok, I had dealt with many strange things in my life since when I discovered that my dad was a Greek god, but that ? It was too much for me. However, it wasn't just that perspective of a normal mortal life that scared me, but this meant I'd never meet Annabeth...? "You mean… This exactly what happened with the girl from that sci-fi TV show, right?" I began, "She got stuck in another world forever. I don't remember why. Such a sad episode…" Annabeth couldn't hold her smirk and this was a way better than the fear and concern earlier. I really liked to make her laugh. Then I remembered something she said to me back at our "dream". " I'd never love you and… We'd never be together as we should ". I said loud. Annabeth gazed at me as if I was from another planet, but suddenly she understood the implication of those words. It was the last thing she said to me before we "wake up". She blushed and avoided my stare but seriously, I couldn't stop thinking about it. She really meant it or it was just a misinterpretation…? Damn, I've never been good in this feelings business and I guess Aphrodite has just made things worse – she promised me that last winter. Then there was that mortal girl, Alicia. I knew her from school but the only words we exchanged was "hi" and "bye". Very romantic. Nevertheless, a whole normal life just didn't fit me at all, unfortunately. Maybe in the future, I'll be able to retire or something, if I not get killed before. A long life for a demigod was rare and almost impossible. "I was trying to bring you back, ok?" Annabeth murmured. Well… I could be bad in romantic feelings, and I've never known how to do with my own, but I'm not so stupid and Annabeth was bad as me. Then, I blinked and in a crazy wave of courage, I grabbed her waist, pulled her to me and kissed her. She was shocked first, but she quickly kissed me back, throwing her arms around my neck. My mind shut down for the most amazing minutes of my life until we pulled apart. We were breathing as if we just arrived from a run. Dude, that was good and I couldn't contain my smile as so did she. Sometimes I forget how beautiful she gets when she's smiling and happy. I could hear my heart pounding in my ears. "I'm glad you brought me back, Wise Girl". A/N: Thanks for reading. I have to point out that Percy didn't believe demigods could have a normal life until he arrived at Camp Jupiter, to make it clear. Of course, he changed his mind after :) I hope someone got my Doctor Who reference xD