His breath ghosts in the air, and for a moment the look in his eyes seems to be a little wilder than it usually is. "Alright. Okay. You've got me all screwy here, McLean, and now I'm standing here in Lord knows where freezing my ass off, but—wecould go back," he says once more, and it sounds like less of a proposition and more of a promise, an action. "And when — if —we do, we could, ah, I don't know—" he makes a general motion in her direction, rolling his wrist as he wrinkles his nose, "Dud you up, I guess? We could rent a flat, I'll say you're eighteen...I'll have to get the Stolls to help me with papers, but I think we might be able to manage to get your name changed—" "THANK YOU!" she cries, practically leaping into his arms, bestowing upon him the first hug she's been able to give a soul in months. Leo stumbles back with the weight of her, clearly surprised, but he holds fast; he staggers back until she knows his spine is flat against the opposite wall of the archway, and she could care less about falling. Here, now, all Piper can care about is his laugh in her ears, warm and bright. She cares about the way his arms wrap around her in return, shielding her from the cold. And she puts her faith in the way he turns his head, shaking it slightly at her in disbelief—and in the way he smiles at her, with promise. "It's beautiful, isn't it?" Leo's voice is quiet, and reverberates through the wide hall, bouncing from the rafters to the stage and back. Piper takes a seat by his side on the wooden bench, fingers on her left hand twitching for the keys while her right hand pins it down by the wrist. She watches patiently as Leo lifts the cover, his fingers ghosting over the polished keys. He looks up and smiles at her, teeth winking in the darkness, and she smiles back. She bites her lip as he gingerly presses a key. "It's nice," she concedes, wrinkling her nose ever so slightly at the piano's rigid shape, thinking back to both the grand piano sitting in her father's study, and the one on the top floor of Ms. Jane's salon. She nods once more and meets his gaze, grinning. "It's lovely." "I haven't played, since, well..." Leo frowns at the keys, pressing down a soft chord. It's one she vaguely recognizes from practice. He plays the beginnings of what seems to be a song, and she peers at him, frowning softly in the darkness. Leo is twenty now. He's perfected his art and is doing what he has to do—he's conning the masses, holding the same show every night to put food on the table for him, for her, for anyone else who's hungry. Some believe it's magic, the way he saws her in half every night, the way he levitates her in mid-air, the way he makes his hand pass through her and money magically appears in his pockets, but Piper knows the truth. There is no magic to it, or to him, for that matter; it's a science he's perfected. She knows this because she's seen every machine back and under each stage before every performance; she knows every slight of hand and trick in the book because he's shared them all with her. She knows every prematurely grey hair on his head and how he dyes them, knows the song he's playing by tune and not by name because it was his mother's song, the one she'd taught him before she'd died and he'd ran away from his home, too. Piper knows his tricks. Piper knows Leo. And she knows there's no going back for both of them. The melody of Leo's song floods the empty bar, dancing softly in the moonlight. Piper remembers the pianist from earlier in the afternoon, and rests her head on Leo's shoulder. "Could you make it play?" she murmurs in question, tilting her chin towards him. Leo reaches toward the pale wax film, his fingers dark in contrast. He adjusts it accordingly and grins down at her. "Any selections?" "Dry up," she jokes. He presses a kiss to her cheek. She closes her eyes. Then, the music plays. REWARD UP FOR MCLEAN PITTSFORD GIRL DISAPPEARED SEVERAL DAYS AGO. Search for Piper McLean of Pittsford, who disappeared Saturday, October 30, has so far been unsuccessful, although police in all northeast cities have been asked to be on the lookout for her. [...] "She loves horses, singing, and the piano," said her father Tristan McLean. [...] "Sweetheart, if you're out there, please come home." Aug 9. 1924. There is no magic to what they do now, though their contentment isn't an illusion. But she chooses to believe that there's magic to a player's piano, as unpopular as it may be. The piano learned to play its own song; it strikes a tune set in grooves, like the ridges running deep in her fingertips. It is its own instrument, and it never forgets the notes. Piper doesn't, either. When she goes to lie next to Leo that night, it's to the familiar, lilting tune of Clair de Lune. . . . 20's slang and their meanings: berries: money bull: policeman/law enforcement bearcat: a feisty/fiery girl Rock of Ages: a woman over the age of thirty; considered to be old "Don't pick up wooden nickels": an expression meaning "Don't do something stupid" "Dry up": "Shut up" notes: also, a player's piano is one of those old timey pianos that had a roll of music that rotated and generated notes on its own. it was most popular in 1924, but the public lost interest soon after. this took a lot of time and research (i settled for 3 hours of sleep for this), so please leave a review if you liked the fic! thanks for reading!