carefully aim it at the enemy soldier, her eyes occasionally darting for any threat. Stop moving Jason, she cried internally. I need to get room for a shot. Her gun mirrored the soldier's movements, moving down when he ducked, turning to the side when he moved, shooting up when he jumped. Goodness, would both of them just stop moving? They kept—ah, he had Jason cornered, none of them moved. This was her shot. It was one shot. As her finger moved to the trigger, a bullet zooming from her right ripped through her hand and she screamed, dropping the gun. Jason's head snapped to her as she shrieked and he narrowly missed a life-threatening blow. She slammed herself back, taking full cover from the potted plant, tears of pain streaming down her face. Her hands were completely bloody, red dripping onto the floor, and she couldn't move them without feeling as if a mace was smashing it. She squinted through the blood and the agony and found that…she was missing two fingers from her left hand. Her ring finger symbolically remained intact, her ring covered in blood but unharmed. She took shuddering breaths, rocking herself, the battle completely disappearing from her mind as she drowned in pain. Until a figure moved into her vision and she shouted, her leg moving to defend herself. Jason blocked, showing her it was him before crouching down to examine her, his gaze full of raw concern. He gasped when his eyes caught her mutilated hands and he surged forward, taking them carefully in his. "Oh my gods," He breathed, his voice shuddery. "It's okay, it's okay. I'm right here." He reached forward and wiped her tears, one hand gentle yet firm on her wrists. He moved to help her up when she stopped him. "Switch on my earpiece." She said weakly. Jason frowned, moving his finger to her ear to switch it on. She took a deep breath against the pain. "S-sector 10." Her voice, though a mere whisper, was steady. "Mitchell. I want you take charge until I arrive and move forward with Plan 14A. We have intruders plaguing the ship and we need to keep them away. I will be arriving there as soon as possible. All of Sector 10 copy?" Dozens of voices replied in her ear. "Copy." She then nodded to Jason and allowed him to help her up. He reached behind her to cup her back and kept one hand clasped around her wrist, careful not to press her hands. They both rose together and he took a gun out, his other hand still holding her wrist, keeping her close. His body acted as a shield due mainly to his size that covered her from the blows and lasers and bullets that filled the air. Concerned for his wellbeing, she wrapped an arm around his waist, flinching when her hand bumped against him, and pulled him close, making sure to run it around to feel for any injuries. She played seer too, making herself useful in some way, telling Jason where to dodge, shoot and when to take cover. Occasionally her leg would shoot out to defend them, kicking back any threat that moved too close and Jason would look at her with a quirk of his lips, amused. She kept the blinding pain at bay, though barely. Any movement they would make, any dodge or sudden turn, would result in the pain spiking from her hands and Jason resting his cheek on her head, breaking into many apologies. A female soldier came too close once, too. She ran at them like a bull, her gun out, and fired shots that they narrowly missed, a bullet nicking at the side of Jason's neck and one catching his thigh. Piper shoved herself with her elbows away from him and into cover. He was covering her so much he was getting hurt and she wouldn't allow that. He reached for her, startled, but she shook her head and gestured at the soldier, who was slowly recovering from the blow Jason landed on her stomach with his fist. While Jason dealt with his opponent, Piper jumped when one came too close to her. He practically straddled her, both of them hidden behind her cover, her legs pinned down by his body. The flash of his knife was the one thing she saw before he jumped forward and she ducked into the forward arc his body made as he surged forward, her head slamming into his chest, pushing him away. Momentarily. He recovered too quickly and zoomed forward quicker and Piper felt fear grapple onto her heart. A knife was a much slower death than a bullet. A more painful death than the quick flash of a laser. She didn't want to die by a knife. She didn't want to die. And there was no damn way to defend herself. She heaved a deep breath and met his eyes before he brought the blade forward. My legs are free, she realised. She stole a quick glance at her legs and the man's position. Well if I'm going to die I better die with a bang. And up her foot went, striking him right where it hurts, and relishing in his scream of pain, meeting his blade, as momentum carried him forward, with a smirk. But suddenly a form shoved him to the side and Piper leaned back as the form hit the ground with the man, her eyes wide. She turned her head to see Jason, dusting his hands and running to her. "Did you just," She stared at him incredulously. "throw her?" He shrugged. "Perhaps." "You're a little scary, fiancé." She said as he helped her up. "Not as scary as you." He gave her a grin, shaking his head. "I mean, the poor guy can probably never have children now." "Well," she said with disgust. "Assuming the fact someone is actually willing to take a guy who plays with knives." "Touché."