anyway." Will let out a nervous laugh, "Okay." His brother pulled back and ran into their cabin. "So…" The son of Apollo turned abruptly, expression sheepish and apologetic. "Sorry about that, my cabin can be uh, a little intense." Nico raised an eyebrow at his direction. "Intense is a poor word to describe what just happened." The red on the other's face was finally fading. "And it's not only them, I got dragged aside by your best friend Cecil earlier, nearly turned into a pig , courtesy of your other best friend Lou Ellen, and I'm pretty sure Clarisse gave me a shovel talk during our spar." With every name, Will turned even redder than before, "Gods, I'm so sorry about that. I'll talk to them tomorrow about it, I don't know where they keep getting the notion that we're dating but-" "Hey." Will jumped at the soft nudge against his shoulder. Nico looked him in the eye and said, "I didn't say I minded." The blonde stared back down into dark eyes, cheeks flaming and eyes wide, "Huh?" Nico shrugged, "I said, I don't mind that they think we're dating." He looked to the side, eyes drawn to the ground. "You don't mean-" Will swallowed thickly as he asked in a hopeful and hesitant tone, "Are you- Do you want everyone to think we're dating?" The son of Hades cleared his throat, "It doesn't sound so bad, having my own personal sun." Normally, the healer would playfully tease back about Nico being his own person prince of darkness too, but he was too busy trying to comprehend what the other was saying. "So- uh, you want them to think we're dating even though we're not ? Or- or do you want to actually date me? Or-" "Oh gods," Nico groaned as he stepped forward and leveled the Apollo cabin counselor with an impressive glare. Will shut his mouth, trying not to squeak, "You're annoying and bossy and full of yourself and I like you." He sighed "Even if you're a gigantic nerd that cries about cartoons in the bathroom." "Hey!" Will protested weakly but a grin was making it up to his face, blue eyes twinkling, "You don't see me teasing you about those mythomagic cards you have hidden in a box under your bed." The son of Hades scowled as his cheeks flushed, " I told you, those were Frank's! He was teaching Hazel how to play and left them in my cabin." Will rolled his eyes, " Sure , he did." "Why you-" But then Nico closed his mouth when the sun god's son suddenly grabbed both of his hands. He couldn't help but flinch at the warm touch. Will knew that Nico hated touching but he was going to pretend not to notice it for now. If Nico was really willing to date him then the dark-haired boy better get used to hand-holding and stuff because Will was definitely a hand-holder, and what better way to have him get used to touches than now? "Not the point, Death Boy." Will said with a soft smile, "We're dating." He pointed out instead. The shorter teen raised an eyebrow in his direction, although his pale cheeks were still flushed. "Yes." He sighed, "I just told you I like you and your siblings said you like me-" "I do!" Will blurted out before giving Nico a sheepish grin. The Italian couldn't help but give him a fond smile. "Then, we're definitely dating." "Good," Will said leaning close with a bright smile, "We're already doing the hand-holding stuff, we should go on actual dates too, and watch cheesy movies and cuddle." "Are you trying to scare me away?" Nico said in exasperation but with a small smile. "I might run away." "Then I'll chase after you." The son of Apollo said, hands tightening momentarily as though Nico really would. "We might not work out." "We will." A grin broke through Will's face, "Heh, will ." Nico shook his head. "What if I'm not good with all this date stuff?" "It's not like anything will change you know? I just get to hold your hand now and I don't have to hide the way I stupidly smile at you when you do something great." He said with a half shrug, "And besides I think we've already skipped some stages, which definitely means you and I are good at this dating stuff." "Oh? Like what stages?" "Hanging out a lot, walking you to your cabin after dinner, being comfortable enough to be ourselves," Will said, "Oh, and my best friends and my family threatened to bury you alive or make your life miserable if you break my heart." He grinned. "Which means they approve." Nico gave him a deadpanned look. "I'm serious!" Will said defensively, his grin softening into a warm smile, "But I'm glad, that they didn't scare you off." Nico blinked at the gentle expression, a small smile lifted his lips as he gripped Will's hands even tighter, "It'll take more than that to get rid of me, Solace." The next day, Cecil, Lou Ellen, and Clarisse all came up to the Hades' table to apologize to him for their wrong assumptions and for the threats. Despite their sincere tones, all three had smirks on their faces. Normally, Nico would sulk or glare or raise an army of the undead to carry out his revenge… …But he found out that it was hard to stay angry when a certain blond was smiling happily beside him, their hands intertwined between them. Author's notes: Classes started on January 5, I had to take five or six exams and I still have three more to go. Two for this week and one for the next, so I'm sorry if my update is running a little slow. This little fic cheer was something I just finished up and decided to post. Thanks for everything guys and your reviews and favorites give me strength :D