and jumped when I felt him pat my head. I looked up to see him smiling. "I'm sorry for scaring you. I was just surprised to see Nico come home with a child." I smiled at him. I could tell he loved Nico a lot. He basically radiated it. There was a little darkness in his heart too. I'm guessing he lost a couple people important to him. He also seemed to have a better support system than Nico did and he recovered faster. "My name is Will. I'm Nico's husband." "I'm Owen." I told him. I suddenly jumped up. "My cookies! I made cookies, want to see?" I asked shyly. Will smiled at me. "Sure. Let's go." I grinned and ran back to the kitchen just in time to see Nico closing the door to the oven. I pouted. "The oven ate my cookies." Adrian laughed. "Let's play a game while the cookies bake!" I looked at Will and Nico shyly. "How about you boys play by yourselves. I want to talk to Owen for a moment." Nico told them as he lifted me onto the countertop. The twins hesitated before racing off. I looked at Nico and smiled at him. "Did you see my cookies? I made a sun and a couple of cats." I told him proudly. "Yeah. Nathan pointed them out to me." Nico told me. I smiled. "I like them. Adrian seems like he's hurting though." I told him. Will and Nico exchanged glances at that. "What makes you say that?" I explained the darkness in his heart to them. They looked stunned at it but they weren't surprised. "Adrian had a tough childhood like you did. He tried to shield Nathan from the pain. That's why they're different." Nico explained. I smiled at him. "Adrian is nice." "He's a very good boy. Nathan is too." I smiled and jumped off the counter. I found the twins playing with legos in a different room. I kneeled next to them and we started playing. xXxXx After dinner Will made me take a bath with him. He was very tan and covered in freckles. I suspected he wanted to shower with me so he could check my body for injuries without being obvious. I didn't mind though. I changed my hair and eyes to look like him and giggled. "Look! I'm you now." He smiled at me. "I heard Aphrodite kids could change their eye color and hair color. How long does it last?" "I can only keep it for a couple hours." I told him, changing back. "My brothers and sisters at camp told me it's so we can seduce people better." his expression was kind of funny. "What does seduce mean anyways." I asked as he rubbed conditioner in my hair. "It's a grown up word. You'll learn it when you're ready." I shrugged. Grandpa told me that a lot too. Will finished cleaning us and wrapped a towel around his waist before wrapping a towel around me and picking me up. "Chiron said that if you don't like me you can return me in a month." I said as he dressed me in some of Adrian and Nathan's old pajamas. Will smiled at me. "I like you and Nico likes you. The twins like you too. Do you like us?" I nodded. "Nico's nice and you're warm and filled with happiness. Adrian is caring and Nathan is fun. I like all of you." "There should be no problem then. In a month if we still feel the same then we'll adopt you." "And if you decide you hate me?" I asked curiously. "Then Chiron will find a family who will love you." Will said after a minute of hesitation. I nodded. "Are you leave me like daddy and grandpa did?" Will shrugged. "I don't plan on dying anytime soon. Neither does Nico. And if worst come to worse then you'll still have Adrian and Nathan." I frowned at that. "I don't want to lose anymore people." Will lifted me up and put me into the bed before crawling under the sheets next to me. "Me neither." He turned off the lights and kissed me goodnight. He was warm and I found myself curling up to him and drifting off to sleep. I woke up in between Nico and Will. They were both still asleep so I just laid there. A soft beeping sounded and Will opened his eyes and turned the beeping off. He climbed out of bed and smiled at me. "Go back to sleep." I shook my head. He smiled at me and left the room. He returned showered and dressed. "I have work. I'll be back later." I followed him out of the room and he sat me in front of the TV with a bowl of fresh fruit. "Nico should wake up soon. If you need anything just shake him. I'll be back tonight." I smiled at him. I liked being here. He kissed my cheek and messed up my hair. I watched him leave and looked around the house. I liked it here. I could imagine myself growing up with Nico, Will, Adrian and Nathan. I hoped they liked the idea too. "What are you thinking about?" I looked up to see Adrian and Nathan enter the room and sit next to me. "What my life might be like if Nico and Will adopted me." The twins perked up at that. "They should! I think a little brother would be fun. I would protect you from bullies and teach you everything you need to know." Nathan grinned. "Plus you make really good cookies." Adrian grinned at me. "Plus you're really cute so daddy will baby you instead of us." I wasn't sure about how I felt about being babied. All I knew was this was what I wanted and what my grandfather would have wanted. I still wish he was here but I know he's looking out for me.