hand flew to the sword strapped to his belt, and Austin jumped back hurriedly, hands held up in a gesture of peace. "Woah! Don't shoot!" Nico raised an eyebrow, slowly replacing his sword in the sheath. "What do you want, Austin?" Austin shrugged. "Fearless Counsellor-" "You mean Will?" "Our Fearless Counsellor, yes, is literally working himself into the ground." Austin paused for a moment. "Well. Not literally into the ground, but I don't think I've seen him spend this much consecutive time awake in a while. I think he's trying to outdo the satyrs in coffee consumption. The last time he was like this- actually, you probably wouldn't remember, would you, seeing as you were ninety percent shadow at the time." Nico shook his head. "Why are you telling me? Can't you set up a rota or something?" Austin threw up his hands dramatically. "Oh, we've tried. He's practically barricaded himself in the infirmary. You've got to help us, Nico." Nico blinked. "What do you want me to do?" "Talk to him, tell jokes, strip, I don't know, just do something before he ends up in a bed himself." "What makes you think he'll listen to me?" Austin shrugged. "You listen to him, don't you?" And that was how Nico found himself trudging up to the infirmary door for the first time in almost a month, a record since deciding to stay at camp. The door was unlocked, not that he'd been expecting otherwise, and Nico stepped into the room to find it almost completely empty. Only one bed was occupied, and Nico could see Will hunched in the chair beside it. "Will?" he asked quietly, coming up behind him. Will's head snapped up. "What?" He whirled round, hurriedly standing when he saw Nico. He caught the other boy by the elbows, scanning him anxiously. "Nico? Are you okay? Are you hurt, or sick, or-" "Will, I'm fine. I'm checking up on you , you idiot. Nobody's seen you for days." He frowned at Will worriedly. The healer was paler than Nico had ever seen him, with bruise-like shadows under his eyes. He let go of Nico slowly, taking a step backwards. His hands were shaking slightly. Nico shook his head. "Will, when was the last time you slept?" Will shrugged, a hesitant, jerky movement. "Couple of days, maybe. I don't know." Nico sighed. "Okay." He pushed Will back into the chair and stood facing him. "Tell me what's going on." Will swallowed, pointing to the person lying in the bed beside him. "I can't leave her alone," he muttered. "She only arrived a few days ago, and she's been unconscious ever since, and I can't just let her wake up on her own, I can't." He met Nico's eyes for a second, storm-blue and worried. "Please tell me you understand." "Who is she?" Nico asked, glancing down at the girl. She had dark hair, almost as curly as Hazel's. Something in her face reminded him a little of Bianca, in the soft smile traced on her lips, even asleep. Will shook his head. "I think her name's Heather," he said. "I don't think she's older than ten or eleven. A satyr, Luke Evergreen, brought her in, but they were pretty much ambushed. He... he didn't make it." Nico nodded. A part of him wondered if he should try to take Will's hand, try to comfort him somehow. He had never seen anyone look so miserably exhausted, and yet there was something achingly familiar about the expression on the healer's face. "Okay," he said eventually. "You go over there." He pointed to a bed a few spaces away. Will looked confused, but did as he asked. "Now lie down and get some sleep." "What? No! I have to-" Nico sighed. "I'll watch the girl, you idiot. Look, people are worrying about you." "About me?" Will looked as if the thought had never crossed his mind. "What-" "Austin seemed to think you were planning on staying in here until the next great prophecy, and frankly, you look about as good as I did last summer." He glared at Will, tapping his foot against the floor. "Bed, Will. Now. I promise that I'll wake you as soon as she opens her eyes." Will blinked twice, mouth opening and closing silently. Then he nodded, took off his shoes and flopped onto the bed. He was asleep before Nico could drag a chair round to watch both beds, and almost twelve hours later, when the girl finally woke up, it was to the sound of a soft "Solace! Will, she's awake, get your floppy head in action," and the purple glow she later learnt was a blessing from Hecate fading away to show two pairs of eyes peering at her in relief, one blue, one brown. "So, seeing as the campfire's about to start, I guess that's pretty much it," Lou-Ellen said a couple of days later, finishing the tour in the middle of the common. "It's completely and utterly insane, but it's home." Heather nodded. "I like it," she said, following Lou-Ellen and the other campers to the campfire. Two figures caught her eye from the back of the crowd; the blonde doctor, and the dark-haired guy who'd been in the infirmary when she'd woken up. She tapped Lou-Ellen on the shoulder and pointed. "Who are they? I never caught their names." Lou-Ellen followed her gaze and grinned. "Oh, that's Will, son of Apollo, and Nico, son of Hades." "Funny combination," Heather said thoughtfully, watching the blonde guy- Will, she assumed- attempting to ruffle Nico's hair, and the other boy seemingly vanishing into thin air to reappear several meters away, in the shadow of a row of seats. "Are they, like, dating, or something?" Lou-Ellen smiled, pulling her towards the rest of the Hecate cabin. "Not as far as I know," she said. A wicked grin spread across her face as she glanced across at the two boys again. "But we're getting there."