first time that Percy has to talk to his friends before he heads down to Clarisse for their sparring session. It's also the time of the day that Percy has been dreading. Grover had been pretty cool about it, but he'd been staring at Percy a little more than he was totally comfortable with. Jason is the same. Leo, on the other hand (weirdly enough), is the only one who doesn't seem fazed. Annabeth shrugs. "I've been asking myself that the entire day," she says, apparently taking it upon herself to answer all of their questions on behalf of her boyfriend (girlfriend?). She's traipsing along ahead of the rest of them, leading them along to the arena where Clarisse is waiting. The walk is uncomfortable and awkward, and Percy finds it incredibly weird to have Jason sneaking looks at him every few seconds. Whether it's because he's attracted to him or just weirded out by everything, Percy doesn't know. He doesn't like it, though. Piper is snickering to herself and she doesn't seem overly bothered by the way her boyfriend is acting. Annabeth, on the other hand, looks like she's trying furtively to avoid his gaze – so she marches ahead of them and doesn't look back. Leo, with his hand entwined with Calypso's, merely snickers the whole way to the arena. Percy wants to suffocate that idiot with his bare hands. The water in Jason's drink bottle bubbles furiously and boils, leaving Jason to shriek and drop it as it scorches his palm. "Percy! What the hell?" Percy looks over at the bottle of water noncommittally and shrugs. "Sorry, man," he mutters, straightening the cap on his head and breaking into a jog towards the arena. He's far too pissed off to care right now. Clarisse is already there. She's glowering at some poor first year camper, and Percy can practically see the steam coming from her ears. She looks up at Percy, eyebrows raised, and the first year camper squeaks in terror and uses the distraction to run away from the grouchy daughter of Ares. Not bothering to say a word to Percy as he approaches, Clarisse merely slides her electric spear in a deadly arc over her head and then readies herself in a battle stance. She watches as Percy pulls Riptide from his jeans pocket and uncaps it, throwing the cap carelessly off to the side. Clarisse grins. "Let's see if you've lost your talent as well as your dick, Kelp Shit." Kelp Shit, by the way, is a new personal favourite nickname of Clarisse's for Percy. He doesn't like it all that much, but he's willing to go with it just to let her have her fun. Besides, he figures it's her own way of paying him back for the toilet water incident back when he first got to camp. Percy doesn't say anything but his lips twitch in an easy smirk. The cap is still seated firmly on his head and his hair still flows freely down his back but he's able to ignore it as he faces Clarisse and twirls Riptide a few times in his palms, half experimentally and half just to show off. Then, not bothering to size him up for any longer, Clarisse presses forwards. The spear gets dangerously close to Percy's abdomen, but he sidesteps at the last moment and swings Riptide to the side and parries it with a slight chuckle. He loves fighting with Clarisse solely for the competition and the way neither of them bother to put armour on to face each other. And, although he loves all of his new friends that the Giant War brought him, there's something within him that fills with nostalgia for the days before Hera whisked him out of camp and plonked him down in New Rome. Here, he feels a certain comfort that he's never felt around the Romans. Here, he feels home. He swipes Riptide at Clarisse and she dances out of the way, parrying his blow and twisting to jab at his thigh. Somewhere off to the side, Percy can hear Annabeth laughing as she chats to Grover and Rachel who is amicably telling Annabeth that she still fancies Percy as a girl. "Heads up, Kelp Face," Clarisse warns him with a grin, her next swipe coming dangerously close to knocking Riptide out of Percy's hands. Percy, however, startled by the abrupt movement, steps forwards and twists Riptide just so and knocks the spear out of Clarisse's steady grip. She looks startled, but impressed, as Percy makes a movement and wrenches the arm that had been holding her spear up behind her back, and kicks at the back of her legs in a way that makes her sprawl into the ground. She laughs as Percy stands over her and firmly asks if she surrenders, though his eyes are on Tamsen, who is standing in the gathered crowd of demigods, eyes alight with amusement, and holding up two fingers with a little smile. "Yeah. Nicely done, Jackson," Clarisse spits dirt out of her mouth. "I'm, dare I say, impressed." Annabeth detaches herself from her conversation with Grover and Rachel, making her way over to Percy with a smirk on her face. "Nice work, Seaweed Brain," she curls an arm around his waist and begins to steer him out of the arena. "We've got two hours left until Tamsen says I'll change back," Percy says, trying to fight back the grin of anticipation on his face as he leaves Clarisse sprawled in the dust behind him. He can't wait to be himself again. "What d'you wanna do?" Annabeth surprises him completely when she looks him up and down and then swallows, hard, before grabbing his hand and dragging him to the direction of his cabin. "Oh, I can think of a few ideas." On second thoughts, maybe Percy can stand being a girl for a little longer. I hope you enjoyed! Please drop me a review if you did!