with a child of Apollo was cursed into saying poems and was tied to a tree). "Guys!" Will scolded them, hissing. "We were only trying to exact revenge on him for breaking your heart!" Someone yelled and whispers among the campers erupted. Will turned to Nico, "I'm sorry, you didn't-" He swallowed and straightened, "You shouldn't be forced to say things just because my cabin-" Nico huffed and hit Will lightly on the shoulder. "Ow!" "No one's forcing anyone. I decided to do this and tell you this because I realized I was in the wrong. You're my friend first and foremost Will, I should have known you would never hurt or make fun of me." Nico said seriously. "Yeah…" The small hope in Will's chest died out quickly. Friend , crap, was this Nico trying to friendzone him? Nico cleared his throat and Will looked up, "So," Nico said awkwardly, reaching inside his pocket again. "I got you this." Will blinked as a white envelope was shoved in his direction, "What's-" "Just open it." And Will did, ripping the top of the envelope quickly. There were a few papers folded inside it. Was it a free voucher for McDonalds? He unfolded the first one it quickly. On the very top of the first piece of paper were the words: RECOMMENDATION LETTER He's stubborn and overworks himself, he likes being alone but he's willing to go to great lengths just to keep the people important to him safe. He's been through a lot. But he's a great person. Give him a chance. –Jason Another sheet of paper with the same title. He's my most favourite person that ever tried to kill me. Sort of tried to kill me. But then again a lot of people tried to kill me and some became sort of allies. Hm, nevermind he's one of my most favourite people that ever tried to kill me. –Percy The next sheet of paper was from Hazel` He brought me back to life. Literally. And he's the best brother I know. –Hazel And the second to the last paper wasn't a recommendation at all. Hurt him and I'll kill you. –Reyna Will laughed a bit and turned to the last page, it was a boyfriend application just like the one he gave. Will's heart stuttered and he looked up at Nico who looked nervous but determined. "This is the longest thing you've ever said to me." Will said, carefully folding the application. "You're usually the brooding, silent type." Nico's lips twitched, "Sometimes, important things need to be said." Will swallowed, "And?" He asked and Nico gave him a curious look, so he continued, "What are you trying to say here, Nico? What's this for? Why did you…?" He trailed off, looking at his taped together application. "Isn't it obvious?" The blond let out an amused huff, "I just want to be sure. No more misunderstandings." Nico stepped up and Will's eyes widened at the close proximity. "Go out with me?" "You're sure?" Will asked, eyes still unbelieving at what was happening. "You're not gonna dump spaghetti on my head if I say yes, are you?" The children of Apollo, minus Will, glared at Nico at those words, remembering that night. Nico winced. "I'm sorry about that." Nico said and he held up his hands hesitantly. Will carefully pocketed the applications and then slowly took Nico's hands into his. "I'm not- I won't- I mean," He inhaled deeply and tried to get himself together. "You can say no. Just because I'm asking you out in front of…" He nervously looked around at the campers' eager looks and sighed, "…so many , eavesdropping people-" "Hey!" Percy took offense, "It's not our fault you're doing this in the middle of the dining pavilion! We have the right to listen -oof!" Annabeth elbowed him in his side. Nico rolled his eyes at his cousin's words. "Anyway, don't feel pressured to say yes." Nico went back to looking at Will in the eyes, "And uhm, if you do say no, I hope we can still be friends and I'm sorry again -" Will huffed and flicked the son of Hades on the nose. Nico glared at him and rubbed his nose. "You really need to look at the brighter side of things." He said fondly, eyes soft. "But then again, maybe that's what you need me for, to see the brighter side of things." Nico's eyes widened, "Does that mean-?" Will leaned forward, milking the attention and embarrassing Nico further by rubbing their noses together. The tips of the son of Hades' ears were red. "Yes." He said, "And thank you for going out of your comfort zone to make a public declaration with a minimum chance that I would get back on you by dumping your ass in front of everyone." The campers started to applaud, cat-calling while Percy and Jason ribbed each other like this was their plan all along. Kayla looked unbearably smug. Nico looked laughingly serious when he whispered to Will, "I would have deserved it." Everyone had gone back to preparing for the sing-along. Will sighed, " No , you don't deserve that, gods, we have a lot of self-worth to work on." He grumbled, "I have my work cut out for me." "Thank goodness he's a hot piece of ass, right Will?" Kayla called out, because she lives to make his life miserable. Will rolled his eyes and stuck his tongue out at her. Kayla laughed, just happy that she had her brother back. "Rude!" Will laughed and to his entire cabin's happiness, he pulled Nico into a surprise hug, pressing his smile against the flustered son of Hades' blushing cheek. They did good. Author's notes: I honestly do not know how the couples in Rick's books get together. Like one moment they're a prospective love team and next boom! They're girlfriend and boyfriend without anyone asking anyone out on a date. Bailci, belated happy birthday again!