and Bobby could be seen, jogging to catch up with them. Gwen gestured to Dakota, like, just get on with it, Dakota. Dakota pulled her aside, lowering his voice. "Reyna, what's going on? What the Pluto was Octavian talking about?" "Nothing," Reyna lied. "I've got it handled." By then, Gwen and Bobby had caught up with them. Dakota snorted. "Clearly." Gwen and Bobby fell into step with them. "Where's Jason?" Dakota asked, looking around. "I thought he was right behind you." "He had some stuff to handle," said Bobby vaguely. Of course he did, thought Reyna dryly. "He always has some stuff to handle," Gwen snapped angrily. "Isn't his best friend more important?" Dakota raised his eyebrows. Gwen usually defended Jason. Dakota turned his attention back to Reyna. "But back to what we were talking about. Reyna, what the Pluto was Octavian talking about, and why didn't you defend yourself?" "I told you, it's nothing," Reyna said, turning away from them. "I've got everything under control." "Under control?" Dakota raised his eyebrows. Gwen elbowed him. "Reyna, look, I don't need any answers right now," Gwen said gently. "Octavian's a liar and a snake. We'll back you up no matter what." Reyna shook her head. If Gwen, if any of them, knew the truth behind Octavian's accusation, she doubted they would still back her up. "Get back to training, you guys. I can handle it." Gwen shook her head. "Come on, Reyna, this concerns us too." "No, it doesn't," Reyna snapped. She really couldn't deal with this right now. She hardened her voice. "Why are you here? You all have duties." "You know the answer to that, Reyna," said Bobby. "You're our friend." "But I am also your praetor, and I order you to return to your duties," Reyna said, staring them down. Turning to each other, Bobby, Gwen, and Dakota seemed to reach some sort of silent agreement. One by one, three of them turned and left, each trailing after the other. Reyna relaxed visibly after they were out of her sight. Gwen was right. She needed help. Reyna knew she should be able to trust her friends, but trust didn't come naturally to her. Would they still stand by her after they found out her darkest secrets? She didn't want to find out. Right now, she couldn't think of herself. She had plenty of time to build a case against Octavian. Patricide or no patricide, she was still praetor, and praetorship duties piled before her like the stacks of paperwork in the Principia. She decided to head back to her villa. Jason's mind raced as he walked out of the Principia. Patricide? It was impossible, but he remembered the look of fear on Reyna's face. He had seen it all too often, when she was desperately hiding something. And Reyna hadn't defended herself. She hadn't called out Octavian's lie. Jason reached into his memory, trying to grasp any information about Reyna's father. Reyna had only spoken to him about her father once, and it had been in short, clipped terms, as if describing a portrait or a piece of furniture. Dakota, Bobby, and Gwen came up to him, clearly intending to follow Reyna. In his heart, he knew he should follow them, but he was probably the last person Reyna wanted to see right now. Besides, he had a bigger concern. If what Octavian said was true, then Reyna was in big trouble. They all knew the punishment for patricide. Just then, Jason remembered something Octavian had said. Multiple witnesses heard the conversation between you and Mr. Di Angelo. Nico. He knew what Reyna was hiding. Mumbling a quick excuse to Bobby, Jason set off at a run toward the fountain in the Garden of Bacchus. When he arrived, Jason fumbled in his pockets for drachma. His fingers found the last one, and he tossed it into the fountain. "Iris, goddess of the rainbow, please accept this offering. Show me Nico di Angelo at…" Jason trailed off. He had no idea where Nico was. "…Camp Half-Blood?" It ended in a question. Jason figured it was a pretty safe guess. An image appeared. Nico was sitting on his bed in the Hades cabin. He jumped up when he saw the Iris-Message. "Jason! What's the matter?" "Reyna's in trouble." Jason calculated his words carefully. Nico frowned, instantly alert. "What do you mean?" "Octavian's accused her of patricide. I know Reyna told you. I need to know what you know, right now." Nico hesitated. "Jason, I promised Reyna I would never repeat what she told me to anyone else. She trusted me and—" "Reyna needs help, okay? The punishment in Rome for patricide is execution. Look, I know you care about her, okay? But right now, the best thing you can do is tell us what you know." Nico shook his head. "I can't. You'll have to ask Reyna." "I'm the last person she would tell!" Jason was shouting now. "Octavian is building a case against her as we speak. We have to do something!" "Jason, calm down. We're going to help her. Look, you go find Reyna, and I'll get to Camp Jupiter as fast as I can, okay?" Jason nodded. "Okay." "Good. See you soon." Nico swiped his hand through the Iris-message, disconnecting it. As Jason headed back toward the Principia, he saw Bobby, Gwen, and Dakota standing at the entrance. Cursing, Jason ran up to them. Gwen saw him first, and her face turned into a frown. "Where have you been?" Jason sighed. "I was...looking for some answers. Where's Reyna?" "Probably at her villa." Dakota gestured in the direction of the praetor villas. "Okay. You guys should report back to your duties before someone notices you're gone." "What are you going to do?" asked Dakota. "I'm going to have a little chat with Octavian." Author's Note: So, did you like it? Should I continue it? I'm already starting on the next chapter. Please review and tell me your thoughts.