for being at the school so late. But to his surprise, and utter anxiousness, it was Will dressed in a baggy sweater and wearing glasses, looking at him with wide eyes. "You're still here…" Will said, his quiet voice easily reaching Nico because of the silence. Nico flushed and shrugged, looking away. Will's eyebrows were furrowed, "I didn't think- but Kayla said you'd still be here. I had to- had to check." The blond entered the classroom warily. There was still a fading bruise on his cheek and this time it was Nico who was stepping back, trying to blend into the walls or something, taking hold of the table. His movements drew Will's eyes to the bandages on his hands and to his disbelief, the blond was making his way towards him, grabbing them. His blue eyes looked at Nico's indicating towards the bandages. "It's nothing." Nico said, looking away. He tugged his hands out of Will's grip and was about to say something about his carving but the blond had flinched when he'd tugged his hands. So Nico said instead, "I should go." H knows when he's not wanted at the very least. But Will was standing in front of him and wouldn't let him pass. Nico didn't want any unnecessary touching, especially since Will kept flinching even at the slightest movement as though he expected Nico to punch him again. Nico's shoulders slumped. "You didn't-" Will said quietly. "Why are you still here?" "It doesn't matter." Nico said just as quietly. "I'm sorry for being… here." "Five hours." Will said softly, pale blue eyes downcast. Nico just shook his head and excused himself to leave. The blond stepped aside. Nico was almost by the door before he heard Will say, "Nico, wait." The dark-haired teen turned around. His heart caught in his throat when he saw Will carefully holding the carving he'd forgotten on his desk. His pale blue eyes were wide with wonder and… hope? "This is…" Will's eyes narrowed, "You… made this?" Nico didn't answer and just turned his gaze downwards. Will traced the simple carving of the asclepius wand and heather in the background. "It's heather." Nico finally said, "It means solitude, good luck, protection from danger…" He hesitated, "And admiration and beauty." He flushed. Pale blue eyes were bright as they looked at Nico's dark brown ones. "And," Nico cleared his throat, "I know you like Apollo's myth and the wand symbolizes medicine and Apollo is the god of medicine so…" Will's grip on the carving was tighter. "Oh." Was the only thing he seemed able to say. "And I-" Nico started, breathing in deeply, "I'm sorry. I'm so-" He looked down. "Sorry." Silence. "Thank you." Will said and when Nico next looked up, there was a soft smile on his face. "And it's okay, I forgive you. I know- I know it was a misunderstanding. Kayla," He blushed, "She told me what you said… that you… misunderstood." Nico nodded numbly, because the last thing he expected was Kayla, apparently, being on his side and actually explaining things to Will. "And I'm sorry." The blond said, "About your Hades figurine. The melding club is right next door and I- uhm, I heard about your Hades figure being melted by a kid." Will frowned, "I'm sorry." At the mention of the toy, Nico felt his heart squeeze once again at the loss and he closed his eyes against the feeling. "It's okay. I'll- I'll get over it." And then he adds, "Besides, someone gave me something equally as good as it." Nico smiled a bit, "It may not be the one my sister gave to me but- at least it would help me remember how it looked like before." Will looked up in surprise. Nico flushed "And uhm, about the uh, things you left for me… the pentacle and everything else-" "It's okay." Will said hurriedly, "You had the right to throw them away I-" "No, no- I- I kept them." Nico held up the chained bracelet but this time it was filled with the four trinkets Will gave him. The cross, pentacle, flower, and the mini dream catcher. The blond looked like he might hyperventilate at the sight of them. "And, if it's okay- I want to wear them… Unless you want them back." "You're not-" Will swallowed and his eyes were oddly bright. "I'm not joking." Nico said firmly, "I'm- They're wonderfully made. And if you think I'm still worth- if you think that I'm still allowed to have them then, I'll wear the bracelet." "I-" Will nodded, "Yeah, they were- they were for you." He cleared his throat, "I made them for you." Nico's heart skipped and he protectively held the bracelet closer, "Thank you." He clasped it around his wrist. And for a moment, there was silence between them. Then Nico took another deep breath, "And Will, if- uh, when we move on from this… Can I ask you out or- or something?" He flushed. The night was definitely full of surprises for Will. The blond stared at Nico for a long while, making him fidget before finally the blond laughed, his laughter full of relief and joy. It made something flutter in Nico's stomach. "God, Nico…" Will said breathlessly, smiling brightly at him. "Weren't the charms enough of a clue?" The dark-haired teen gave him a small smile, although, his stomach was fluttering nervously. "I just don't want anymore misunderstandings." Will stepped up towards him, his hands held out and Nico took them carefully. The blond traced the bandages on his fingers, "Yes, you can ask me." Pale blue eyes twinkled, "And I hope you ask me soon." Nico sighed in relief and in a bout of courage, he gently touched his forehead to Will's. Pale blue met dark brown eyes. "Maybe sooner than you think." Will gave him a bright smile in reply. My reaction after writing it: Well that turned dramatic. Look forward to the next one!