even worse because even when I get to see you, you don't exactly see me. I mean, I get it, you were thinking about the gallery and the exhibition and I was just- uhm, in the way I guess?" He shrugged. "You're not-" "I was okay with it. I mean, it wouldn't always be like that and this was important to you. But then Percy started coming over and you'd get lunch with him, you'd come out of your studio to talk with him when you wouldn't even come out to eat even when I beg through the door." Will's breath hitched and his eyes were burning and his hands were shaking from the cold. Absentmindedly he realized he'd forgotten his gloves. "And I know it's stupid and I know you wouldn't- but I was insecure because we haven't been acting like a couple, not really, and I started thinking that maybe you'd rather be with someone who can really understand art and who didn't bother you when you're creating a masterpiece or who could make you laugh even when you're lost in your own head and then the exams were around the corner and I tried to push those thoughts away but they just keep coming and-" Will let out a shocked breath when something warm suddenly collided with him. He felt warm arms hold on to him tightly and the blond choked, his eyes and throat burning from exhaustion and something else. "I love you ." Nico said firmly, voice muffled from where he buried his face into Will's shoulder. "I know that I don't say it that much and I know I haven't been showing it for the past few months but don't ever think-" The hold around him tightened, "I dedicated everything to you, everything. You're my life's meaning . I do my art because of you. Don't you ever forget that." Will's shoulders slumped and he closed his, leaning against Nico. "I-" He buried his face in Nico's hair, "I love you too." Still, Will knew that this wasn't the last time this was going to happen. With his chosen course and profession and Nico becoming more and more popular in the art world, it would only be a matter of time before they went through something like this again. Still, this time, Will wouldn't break down, he'd stay by Nico until he was asked to leave. Because Nico still might, eventually, leave. As though hearing his thoughts, the brunet pulled back, a frown on his face. "I don't want you thinking like that again." Nico said to the sniffling blond. His frown deepened when Will looked at him with tired half-lidded blue eyes. The dark-haired young man decided something then and there, blushing as he struggled with something in his pocket. The tips of his ears were red as he finally wrestled out a simple, small box. "I was planning to ask you during dinner after the exhibit but-" He opened the box. Will's eyes widened when he took in the simple pair of silver bands in front of him. Nico took one of his shaking hands and placed one of the rings into Will's palm. "This is it for me too, Will." Nico said softly, his cold breath mixing with Will's exhale of surprise. "I've known for awhile now, probably as long as you or maybe longer, that this is for life." He closed Will's palm over the ring, "And this ring, it's a promise that I won't leave, I will never ever leave. Not unless you want me to leave." Nico doesn't ask the question, he never asks. He just says what's in it for Will and gives him a choice. The things he chose to give aren't a question, never a question. It's an offer but the answer could still either be a 'yes', 'no', or 'maybe'. Blue eyes blinked unseeingly at the ring, his grip over it tightened. "It's a promise." He repeated softly. Nico nodded and a rare, soft smile came over his expression. The smile was more affectionate and fond than the exasperated ones he gave Percy. "A reminder, during the times I'm locked up in the studio or in some inescapable social event," The dark-haired young man rolled his eyes at the last one but then he grew serious again, "I'm always thinking of you Will, when I paint or sketch or draw, I only see you. I love you." Will blinked and he met Nico's eyes fully. His fog of doubt was dissipating, only leaving behind bone-weary exhaustion and happiness. "Yes." Dark eyes glittered in the cold night and Nico's hands held both of his, pulling him closer. "It's a yes?" "Yes." Will nodded with a choked laugh, Nico's hold tightened. "Always." The two of them closed their eyes, foreheads touching and their respective rings held carefully in their hands. " Sol mio. " Nico whispered, fingers caressing Will's cold hands. " Ti Amo. " Will trembled, leaning forward a bit to kiss Nico softly. "Me too." Me too. Later, when the two of them finally got back into the gallery, they were immediately bombarded with questions by the media on the artworks and inspiration of the gallery. Thankfully, the couple was saved by Percy who introduced them to his wife, Annabeth Chase-Jackson, the architect of the building where Nico was hosting his gallery. Will laughed quietly to himself when Annabeth told them about Percy's abysmal drawing skills, which was why he was an agent instead of an artist like Nico. The blond held tightly to his boyfrie- fiance's hand, their silver rings touching as they glinted in the room's lights. Nico squeezed back. * Sol mio =my sun * Ti amo = I love you Author's notes: The title of the painting is thanks to carolyne , the other Italian words was basic Italian I learned on my foreign language class. Comment: Well, that escalated quickly. I was not planning that engagement. Nico surprised me.