a few months ago, but he's pretty sure he knows exactly how Nico got noticed. Because onstage, Nico practically radiates angst, but there's only one song Will has ever seen him perform with so much raw, real emotion it left everybody barely breathing. The song is called Bianca. It's simple, very acoustic, one of the first songs Nico ever wrote. He plays it slowly, but there's so much in every syllable that it seems to last for hours. And it's the story of his sister, and the way Nico's hands shake as he finishes playing is enough to show how her story ended. As far as Will knows, he has only performed it live three times. The first time was at that charity event two years ago. Will's never actually found out if that's true or not, but he's heard a lot of Nico's early stuff, and Bianca stands out like a lone raft on the ocean. The second time was on a radio interview sometime last year; the system glitched, and the recorded bass and drums backings they'd planned for him to play against wouldn't work, ruling out almost all of his setlist, aside from one song. The third time was just a couple of weeks ago, on this tour. Will didn't know what brought it on, but Nico had looked out into the audience and signalled something to the band. "I'm going to play you something different now," he'd almost whispered, voice sounding hoarse and exhausted. And he had, and the whole stadium had sat frozen, and there was a single tear frozen in the glare of the spotlights on Nico's face as he finished, and plunged into the next song almost without drawing breath. Will supposes that was the moment he fell a little in love with Nico di Angelo, if he's going to be precise about it. He hadn't realised that Reyna had noticed too. "When did you work it out?" he asks quietly, and she glances up from her twisting fingers. "Work out what, Will?" "That I-" He swallows. "I'm in love with Nico." It hurts his throat to say it, but he can't work out why until the first tear slides down his face. "Oh, Will," Reyna says, and he can tell she's uncomfortable with this; hell, Will's uncomfortable with this. Nothing about the situation is right, but there's nothing they can do about it. "I don't know," Reyna says carefully. "I think..." She shakes her head. "I don't know, Will. It just sort of... happened." There are still tears clinging to Will's face, and they fall to stain the knees of his jeans as he lowers his head. "I'm sorry," he whispers, because he is. He just isn't sure what for. "Don't be sorry," Reyna says, firm, commanding. "Don't you dare be sorry, Will, because I'm pretty sure that you've saved that boy more times than I can count." "I've only known him a couple of months-" Reyna shakes her head. "You don't know just how much better you've made him," she says, voice trembling. "He pretends he can handle it until he can't, and you've been there every single time, so don't you dare sit there and tell me you're sorry ." Will closes his mouth and nods, and Reyna's hands are still shaking when a nurse comes in and tells them that they can see him now. It's like looking at a paper doll, one with creases for bones and ashes for skin. The shadows under his eyes look like bruises next to the spotless bedsheets. "Goddammit, Nico," Reyna whispers harshly. "How the hell do we fix you this time, huh?" He doesn't answer, limbs slack and eyes closed. The doctor explains to Reyna, but it's all words to Will, and when he eventually leaves them alone, all Will can think about is the boy who played for a charity event, and wonder what went wrong. Reyna has to leave after a bit, to help deal with the mass of media coverage currently mutating across the internet. Will promises to stay. He doesn't know how long it takes; maybe he falls asleep, drifting in a swirl of streetlights and music and promises he didn't realise he'd made, but at some point, a hand twitches against his, and his eyes refocus to see Nico looking up at him with something achingly unidentifiable in his face. "Hey," Will murmurs softly. Nico swallows painfully. "Hey," he replies, and that is how a new chapter starts. Of course, it isn't that easy, but in some ways, it is. Nico di Angelo's latest album, Bones, is a far cry from his previous works, Death Boy and his Underworld EP. The opening track, the first-ever studio recording of his early song Bianca , tells the tragic story of his sister, who died when the star was a child. Riptide, which was released as a single earlier this year, was the subject of the biggest scandal in the music world for years ; rumours of Nico's crush on actor Percy Jackson are still to die away. Nico addresses his sexuality in a later track: the angry, powerful Ghost King . This, along with the hauntingly named The Bones That Are Here Await Yours , appear to document the seventeen-year-old's career-long struggle with depression. Most of these songs, as well as the rest of the album, were written during the three-month hiatus Nico has been forced to take, but he's now preparing to finish his first tour, which was cut short by his hospital admission last fall. The last song on the album deserves a special mention: Nico's refreshing cover of the classic Here Comes The Sun is touching, and hints that happier times are in store for the young star at last, not least because of his rumoured relationship with Will Solace, the mysterious blonde he's been seen with almost constantly recently. We here at Oracle certainly hope so, and wish Nico all the best for the future.