of the shadows and towards them. "Will." Nico breathed out, "Where is he? They said you took him to the infirmary?" The dark-haired teen looked around, wondering if he was in the right place. "This is the infirmary." Kayla said patiently, "And your boyfriend is over there." She pointed at the second to the last, occupied bed with drawn curtains around it. Nico hurriedly headed towards that direction and pulled back the curtains. An unconscious, teen , Will Solace with his usual shaggy blond hair and tanned skin greeted his eyes, making Nico jump back in surprise. "Will!" He said, relieved, before he hurried to the blond's side. The son of Apollo was wearing a patient's gown. "What happened? When did the spell wear off?" "They were in the middle of class when he suddenly fell unconscious and there was an explosion of pink smoke." Kayla explained. By class, she meant the children's class they had in Camp. Those below eight years-old weren't allowed to participate in any extreme classes (like archery and sword fighting) yet and were just given a few self-defense classes and had other normal ones like: art class, handicrafts class, etc. "He tore through the shirt, since he suddenly grew, but thankfully the shorts were stretchable and no one got an eyeful. We threw a blanket over him and brought him here." "Is he okay?" "We checked his vitals and everything seems okay, we have to wait until he wakes up though, just to be safe." Will's sister assured him. Nico sighed in relief. "That's good." Silence descended on them as Kayla and Austin exchanged mischievous looks. Nico looked up at them in suspicion and slight irritation. " What? " Austin cleared his throat, "Did you know what class Will was taking when the spell wore off?" His eyes twinkled in glee. Nico frowned and looked at the wall clock. It was half past nine, so; "I don't know, art or something?" Kayla nodded seriously, fighting the smile off her face. "Art. And did you know what the kids were doing?" Nico shook his head, "No." And then he added, "And this is important, why ?" They ignored his question. "Piper was the one in-charge of the class and she told the kids to draw their favorite hero." Austin helpfully supplied. "So Will drew the Flash." Nico shrugged, remembering his boyfriend's addiction to that comic book, " And ?" Austin and Kayla snickered, "He didn't draw the Flash guy." Nico blinked, "What-?" But before he could ask further, a drawing was shoved under his nose. Dark eyes squinted for a bit at the drawn page before, finally, Nico managed to get it. It was a childish drawing of a dark figure under the shadow of a tree. "Is that-?" "If the all capital letters: NICO written there, isn't clear enough, then the answer to your question is yes ." Kayla said, a smug smile on her face. "He drew you , Nico." "What?" Nico stuttered, dark eyes wide. His heart was beating fast, cheeks coloring slightly. " Why? " "We were there when they had to present their drawing." Austin explained, "Will stomped to front and proudly showed his drawing to everyone. He said, " Not all heroes have to be from comics and famous people on t.v. Sometimes the people who mean a lot to us can be heroes too. Because they're there and in their own way they save us too. Because we know they'll save us. And that's why Nico is my superhero. Because he's there and even when he doesn't say something and even when other people find him scary, I don't think he is. He's always there and I always feel safe. I know he'll save me, no matter what. " Nico's eyes were burning lightly and he hoped to the gods that he didn't look like he was about to cry. He was speechless. The children of Apollo seemed to get what he was feeling because Kayla placed a hand on his shoulder and squeezed lightly. "Seems like you did a good job in looking after him, Nico." Kayla said gently, a smile on her face. "Thank you." Austin patted him on the back and the two of them turned to leave the couple alone. Nico sat there for several minutes looking at the piece of paper, wondering how he could have impacted someone's life so much in such a short time. So much so that he even got to be called a hero. The son of Hades turned towards Will and a smile came to his face. He reached out and ran a hand through Will's shaggy, blond hair. The unconscious teen mumbled a bit. Nico, too, felt like he had been saved. Will woke up a few hours later, to Nico curled up, asleep, in his chair like a cat. A fond smile lit up the blond's face. His mouth and lips felt dry and he sat up to reach for a glass of water on his bedside when he noticed something on his stomach. It was a piece of paper with a childishly drawn dark figure under a tree. Will lifted the familiar art to his eyes, noticing that there was something else drawn in it too. There was a yellow figure with yellow curls sitting underneath the tree and leaning against the dark figure. There was something written in Nico's penmanship to the right side of the drawing: You're my superhero too. Will blinked, surprised. He noticed more writings. At the very bottom of the page: We saved each other. Will protectively held the drawing close. The bright smile on his face could've eclipsed the sun. Author's notes: There could be a part two of this with Nico as a kid and a part three with the two of them as kids. But not sure, have to finish the week drabbles thing XD Super busy, please let me know if the story was okay. Thank you!