guy." He led Jason up and placed his ball in his hands. He led him up the foul line. "Now the key is to keep your wrist straight," he said, helping the blonde swing his arm back. He prodded Jason's hand when he swung forward, and the blonde released the ball. Strike! "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!" Jason exclaimed, jumping up and down. "I got a strike! Look Drake, I got a strike!" Drake chuckled. "I see that," he replied, ruffling Jason's hair. "Good job little man." He led Jason back, keeping a hand on his back as he did so. The blonde wasn't even aware of the fact until they both sat down and Drake made no move to take his hand away. They shared a look, and the blonde boy looked away first. "Jason, can I talk to you?" Drake asked in a hushed tone, taking his elbow and steering him into the bathroom. "Fuck Jason," he swore when he shut the door. "Fuck." "What?" Jason asked, a little confused. Drake shoved him against the wall and roughly kissed him. Jason squirmed away. "Drake!" he exclaimed. The blue tipped blonde didn't move a muscle. "How could you? I told you I didn't want a boyfriend!" "But you do!" Drake finally growled. "You don't want to admit it to yourself Jace, but you do. You want a boyfriend. You want to move on, just a little. Your heart may always belong to Nico, but he isn't even your boyfriend anymore!" Jason staggered back, grabbed the wall for support. "Aw shit Jason, I didn't mean…" "Didn't mean to hurt me. What the fuck ever Drake," Jason said. "I'm leaving. I'll walk back thanks." He stormed away, grabbing his own shoes on the way by. He deposited his rental shoes on the counter, slipped his on, and shoved his way out the door. He squinted into the setting sun and started toward the general direction of the frat house. And he thought he could trust Drake. Guess he was wrong. … Jason bit his lip as the phone rang. He didn't know what else to do, so he relented and dialed Nico's number. If anything, his little dark-haired bookworm's voice would sooth his jangled nerves. After the bowling alley, Jason didn't want to go back to the house only to deal with Victor and Nathaniel. So he found himself at an empty children's park. He sat himself in the swing and dipped his head, listening to the phone. "Hey this is Nico. Sorry I can't come to the phone right now, but leave a message and I'll get back to you as soon as I can." Jason's heart dropped. Voicemail. That was what he was getting. Nico's voicemail. "Hey Nico, it's Jason. I miss you so much, baby. I hope I can see you again soon. I love you. But the strangest thing happened. Drake, my roommate, he kissed me. He kissed me! Can you believe it? I can't." He paused. "I shoved him away though. He's in the wrong. I don't want to kiss anyone but you." He pressed the end call button and pocketed his phone. He kicked off and tilted back, watching the sky meld into the ground, and vice versa. Already, the effects of the day were beginning to sink in. Jason felt bone tired. And a little confused. Somewhere, deep down, he'd actually enjoyed the kiss. He enjoyed the feeling of someone else's lips on his own. Even now, the spot where Drake kissed him tingled. He launched himself off the swing and went to sit at the bottom of the slide. He leaned back and stared at the plastic above him. Why did his heart want two different things? He really wanted his Nico. But at the same time, he kind of wanted Drake. Drake was close. He was here. He was willing. Jason would have to be stupid for not falling for him, even a little. He thought about it long after the sun sank behind the buildings. He wasn't in love with Drake. Not by a long shot. But it was weird he was on the blonde's mind at all. … "I know Jenny I know," Nico said with a sigh, wiping the counter down. Nico was working at the Starbucks located on campus grounds, and he'd been enjoying it until Jenny arrived. She was a particularly picky customer. By now, the dark-haired boy had her order memorized. "Decaf with half cream and sugar, cinnamon sprinkles on top." He turned and poured half a cup of decaf coffee into a foam cup. He splashed in some creamer, poured in the sugar, and added the sprinkles. He slipped the lid on and handed the drink to her. "Hey Heidi, I'm going on my break now!" Nico called into the back room. He sat down at one of the small tables and turned his phone on. It buzzed in his hand. "Huh, voicemail," he said. He called the voicemail and waited for it to reveal the message, studying his nails in the process. ""Hey Nico, it's Jason.'" The dark-haired boy broke into a huge grin when he heard the blonde's voice. "'I miss you so much, baby. I hope I can see you again soon. I love you. But the strangest thing happened. Drake, my roommate, he kissed me. He kissed me! Can you believe it? I can't.'" There was a pause. "'I shoved him away though. He's in the wrong. I don't want to kiss anyone but you.'" Nico wasn't entirely sure how he felt about that. Jason sounded disgusted by the prospect, and yet… "Do you love someone else, my superman?" Nico asked quietly. "I won't be mad if you are. You be their hero. After all, it's what you're good at." … Well, I think we'll end it here. I also think I'll call it On My Mind, because that's a lot of what this story is about.