but I couldn't even form the words. Malcolm, though, sensed what I needed, and barked an order at the Apollo guys. Two dropped back and helped me carry Castor to safety. I directed them to set the Apollo guys to help me set him under a tree, and they obliged. After that, they ran back to retrieve their bows and continue to assault. No more monsters poured out of the labyrinth, which had collapsed, but there were still plenty of monsters to face. I glanced around and noticed that some of our wounded were being transported to safe distances. Malcolm gently tugged me away from Castor's body. He jerked his head at one of the campers nursing an injured foot. I winced. It looked broken. "Help him get to safety," Malcolm ordered. Then, in a gentler tone, he added; "You can help transport wounded. You're in no condition to fight." I nodded, words failing me once again. I helped the demigod to his feet and let him lean against me as I helped him hobble out of the reach of the monsters. Castor, my brother, was dead. I was the only son of Dionysus now. It would only be me. I helped him get comfortable, then waded back out into the battle, finding one of the Apollo archers trying to break an arrow shaft. I led him away so he could do it in peace, then was out again. I transported about ten more campers, but my focus was on the prone body of my dead brother, lying peacefully under the tree, like he was just sleeping. But I knew better. He was dead. I'd killed him. If I hadn't cried out, maybe he would've continued to come forward to me. Maybe he wouldn't be lying under the tree, his blood pooling around him, if I hadn't tried to warn him. When I deposited my last guy, and the monsters around us were piles of ash, I made my way over to Castor's body. I buried my face in his chest and sobbed. I sobbed for him and I sobbed for him. I couldn't do this without Castor. How could I do this without my brother, my best friend? I wasn't that close with anyone else at camp. I liked to say I didn't have an ordinary bond with Castor. We had one that no one got, because we were brothers and twins. "Pollux." I looked up to find Chiron hovering over me. "I'm sorry about Castor," he said simply, and the tears began again. I couldn't do this without Castor. I just couldn't. I didn't have an ordinary bond with him. This bond pushed the limits, and it was stronger than steel rope. I cradled my brother's lifeless body to me, hoping against all hope that he was only bluffing. That he'd wake up and call me stupid for crying, and that he was fine. Hades, I wouldn't even mind if he called me Polly. Anything would be better than this. Anything would be better than this nightmare. But Castor didn't stir. I couldn't even feel his heartbeat. Castor was gone. I was alone. … The rest of the day passed by with a whirlwind of activity. Tending to our wounded, cleaning the clearing where we fought, and repairing weapons and the trees we fought beside. I was sent to grow more leaves on the trees, but the most I could manage was small spring blossoms. The naiads understood. I went around and did my tasks, but I did them without any sort of feeling. I couldn't concentrate. Finally, toward the end of the day, Chiron said we could have a funeral for our deceased. Only one other person died in the battle, so moral was sober, but not as sober as it could've been. Castor was wrapped in a silver cloth with etchings of grapevines on it. Apollo's campers helped me make it. "Castor was…he was…" I tried to speak, but I couldn't get the words out. "He was my best friend," I said at last, hurrying to my seat. Annabeth, who'd been sitting beside me, wrapped an arm around my shoulders and did her best to comfort me. But I couldn't sit there and listen to Will Solace speak on behalf of Lee Fletcher, so I left the arena. "Pollux!" I whirled around and found myself face to face with my dad. His fiery eyes looked a little dimmed, like he was getting ready cry. I hung my head. "I really am sorry about your brother," he said. I turned an anguished gaze to him. "Why Castor?" I asked. "Why the one person I care about most? Couldn't it have been anyone else?" Even as I said it, I regretted it. We'd only lost two people in the battle, and that was pretty damn good for us. We could've had more casualties. We were lucky we only lost two. As a whole, we were lucky. Me, personally, I wasn't so lucky. Dad laid a hands on my shoulder, then sauntered off. I watched him go. First Castor, now my dad. … Nighttime was the worst. I tossed and turned in bed, feeling like it was the biggest bed in the world without the familiar weight of Castor with me. He didn't always sleep in the same bed as me, but he did it so often that it was odd when he wasn't with me. I woke from my restless sleep, reaching out like Castor might mysteriously be in bed with me. But he wasn't. I rolled onto my side and stared at the place Castor was supposed to be. I closed my eyes and wished he was beside me again. I wished I could feel the not so ordinary bond we had between us. But I would never feel it again. Castor was gone. And I was alone. … Well, how about them apples. Enough of a feel trip for you? I hope so, because it's late.