its way towards them, and they were almost there next to the others. The moon was high in the sky right now, and Annabeth wanted to scream, shout until her throat went hoarse. Why did the moon have to steal our water now? Seriously, she was all for tidal power, but now? Of all times? She barely realised that Percy had knocked her towards the bottom of the deck, as she felt the icy water crash over her. It felt like they were being dragged away, and she clamped her mouth shut, as Percy wrapped his arms around her waist, squeezing her with a false sense of reassurance. She shivered when it was over, and peeled herself off from under Percy, who was covering her from most of the water. He didn't seem to mind, in fact, it looked like he was at home with the water. "W-where are we?" She asked, as she helped Percy up so he could sit on the seat. The boat was half filled with water, and Percy pulled out an orange safety kit, which had all the essentials that would help them if they got lost from the ship, which they were. "Well Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore," Percy mumbled to Annabeth, looking around at the deserted sea. There weren't any boats or lands that were around for miles. "S-so we're lost?" Annabeth stuttered, shivering. Her white cover-up was soaking wet, and it revealed her misty grey bikini underneath. Percy was wearing a black t-shirt that was now tight, emphasising on his toned muscles underneath. "Looks like we are, oh it's a flame fire! We can shoot this in the air and someone will see it and come and rescue us!" Percy yelled, picking up the orange gun, and putting his arms upwards, before pulling the trigger. Annabeth wedged her fingers between her ears, expecting to hear a shoot, but was met with water squirting out of it. "Oh great," Annabeth muttered. Percy growled, trying to rid of the water inside the one thing that could save them, but it was no use. It had become completely destroyed. In frustration, he threw it as far as he could, and huffed before looking in the Safety kit for anything that could help them with getting rid of the water that was dragging their boat down. There was a small bowl, and it helped Percy to get most of the water out, but in the end, it didn't do much good. "Okay, we need to travel see if there's any passing lands or ships," He said, taking control. He handed Annabeth some binoculars, and she was about to look when she saw something that made her groan out load. "Whoa, what is it?" Percy asked, grabbing the binoculars to see what Annabeth was groaning about. "Shit," He swore, before grabbing all the needed essentials, and stuffing them under the seats of the boat. He then grabbed Annabeth, just as another wave, bigger than the one that had made them come here, consumed them. He tucked her small frame into his, and she clamped her teeth shut, as she felt the Atlantic sea fall on top of them. Somewhere in between they were dragged away from each other, and Annabeth must have lost consciousness, because the last thing she saw was Percy's hand being ripped from her own. *LW* Annabeth groaned, feeling the baking sun on her back. Opening her eyes, she peeled her face off from the ground, sand sticking to her skin. Lifting her front body up, she looked around at her surroundings, wondering where she was. The island was beautiful. All surrounding them was a bank of sand, and the sea life was a glistening blue. From where the sand ended, there was a lush emerald forest, with palm trees with bananas and coconuts growing from different trees. "What the Styx?" She swore, pulling herself up. Her muscles groaned in protest, telling her to lie back down. Ignoring the pain, a sense of fear gripped her. Juice Boy, Percy-, where was Percy? The thought baffled her. He should be with her, but on the deserted island, she couldn't see anyone for miles. Dread filled inside her, and she bit her lip to escape the raging feeling of screaming at the top of her lungs for someone to hear her. "Hey Annie?" a familiar voice said. Annabeth turned her head towards the forest, and saw a stumbling Percy walk out of the forest, drenched head from toe. Her mind brought back a memory she hadn't thought about in years. Hey Annie! Gods, how could she not know it was him? "Annie, you alright?" He asked coming closer to her. He grabbed her arm softly, only for her to pull out of his grip. She turned on her heel so she was facing him and glared. "Don't call me Annie!" She growled at him, turning swiftly towards the other ships, "Whoa, well, what do I call you, Annabelle?" He asked, guessing. He honestly didn't know what her name was, it could have been Marianne, or Anna, but Annabelle seemed like it would have suited her, but then again, she looked tougher than an Annabelle. She stared at him, narrowing her eyes. "It's Annabeth, not Annie, not Beth, Annabeth," She said, and watched as Percy's eyes widened slightly, before a small smirk came onto his face. "Well, Miss. Chase, I haven't seen you since you were nine, ten years really did you some good," Percy said, looking from Annabeth's feet to her head. Anger flared up in Annabeth, and in a swift movement, she flipped him her finger, and grabbed her shoulder bad and gripping the straps of it tightly before turning around and walking away from his smirking figure. "The fates must really hate me if I wound up on a stranded island with my worst enemy," She mumbled under her breath, before storming as far away from him as she could get.