wasn't a first time thought like this. I'd been thinking about this every day, day in and day out, for years. And that was a bad thing. I took medication to help my mood, sure, but what about my thoughts? My memories? There was no medicine in the world that could help with those. The things I desperately wanted to forget, I couldn't escape. Even if I ran, they ran. If I hid, they hid. It was like fighting a losing battle some days. I hated my life. I hated the memories of what once was. I knew, deep down I knew , that I'd once been happy. Thalia once loved me, like siblings were supposed to do. Mom once gave me all the attention in the world. I was her little baby boy. I desperately missed those days sometimes. But then other days I wished I'd never been born, then I wouldn't have these vivid memories. Then I wouldn't have to think of what once was. I pulled my notebook to myself. I scribbled something out quick, setting my notebook, open to the page, on my bed. I could hear them calling me tonight. I almost smiled. Almost. I still couldn't muster up a feeling of happiness. I wandered down to Thalia's room, peeking in. The walls were painted dark blue, a color she really liked. I helped paint those walls. I went to mom's room, standing at the foot of her bed. This was a place of comfort and acceptance. And tears. Mom never knew it, but there were nights where I stood next to her bed, listening to her babble incoherently in her sleep. Or cuddle with her and watch her silent tears, eyes closed. I made my way to the living room, standing in the middle, near the couch. That was in front of our big picture window. The same window we decorated every holiday. Or, the window we used to decorate, before we were no longer a loving family. Family pictures cluttered the walls. Most were of Thals and I, when we were younger. One wall was entirely dedicated to school pictures. We were slowly but surely making a timeline. Again, I almost smiled. But I refrained. I looked into our barren kitchen briefly, but it held no happy memories, so I didn't linger. Finally, I went to my backyard. An old, worn wooden fence surrounded our property. It was mostly so our neighbors couldn't spy on us, but it was also so Thalia and I, when we were kids, could play back here without worries. Our rusted swing set stood, forlorn, in the corner near the back. One seat was cracked, and we were missing the slide but it had been one of our favorite things during the summer and winter. Our trampoline, partially sunken into the ground, was abandoned in the other corner. I'd spent many summer nights jumping and leaping with Thalia and Percy, unaware of what my future held. My last stop was somewhere very special to me. On the way by, I gently ran a hand over the wooden board that was our swing. I glanced up, where our tree house was. I hadn't been in it in years, but I suddenly, desperately wanted to see the inside again, now that it was older. I climbed the boards nailed to the tree and swung the hatch open, coughing at the cloud of dust that arose with the action. I emerged into a different world. A carefree world. Toys still littered the floor, and a pint sized table overtook the far wall. A dusty, mini-bookshelf held sticks, rocks, toys, books, and a few other knick knacks. I ran a thumb over the top. It came back black. I gazed around at the wooden walls. Most held artwork. Either by me, Thalia, or Percy. "God, it's been forever," I whispered, my voice sounding strange after so long of silence. "Maybe I should've come up here more often." And maybe I should've. But, I hadn't. Maybe it would've saved me in the end. I gently ran a hand over the etching near the door. Mine and Percy's names with smiley faces around them. I chuckled. We'd been six when we'd painstakingly carved our names into the wall with a sharpened stick and a pen. I sighed again. I missed this place. I was glad I was up here. I was even gladder when I saw the rope we kept up here when we were pretending to play fire escape. I grabbed the rope, giving it a few tugs. It seemed sturdy. I reached up and securely knotted it on the branch that cut through the middle of the tree house. I looped the other end around my neck, testing the knots. Tight. "I wish I could say this to everyone in person," I whispered. "Goodbye dad, wherever you are. Goodbye mom, even if you don't know I exist anymore. Goodbye Thalia, even though you hate me now. Goodbye Nico. I wish I could've gotten to know you better. And goodbye Percy. Thank you for being the best thing that's ever happened to me." I took a few deep breaths and closed my eyes. I could hear them calling me again, beckoning me to join them. All the lost and broken souls. They were calling my name. And then I dropped. … Oh my god, I got to the end and I almost stopped. Jesus Christ, I'm sorry for the feels trip. If you made it this far, brava. Also, if you ever, ever , feel like this, please talk to someone. Talk to your friends, or your family, or a counselor, or someone. Hell, if you trust me enough, you can talk to me. Don't you ever feel like the world would be better without you. Even if you feel like you don't matter to someone, you matter to me. It may not help, but you matter to me. I love you guys.