to sit at their own tables, of course, but still. Friends. That night, with Hazel at the other end of the cabin, breathing softly, Nico tentatively falls asleep. And he sleeps better than in a long, long time, because this time when he dreams of the cold, dim claustrophobia of the jar, he is pulled and shaken into the sunlight. "See, Nico? We promised we'd look after you," a voice says in his ear, and before Nico can tell who it is, he wakes up to Hazel prodding him gently and telling him it's time for breakfast. That morning, after they've eaten, Will and Percy corner him in the courtyard and grab him by the arms, checking his wrist even as he wriggles and protests. "Will, stop it! I'm fine! " "We're just checking," Percy says firmly. "Percy, let me go! " Nico wrenches himself free and stumbles away, glaring daggers at both of them. Before he can say anything else, the girls come over, having already simply asked Hazel if anything happened. "Hey, what's up?" Piper says, frowning between the three boys. "Nothing," Nico sighs, ignoring Percy's sad, puppy-dog eyes and Will's raised eyebrow. He resists the urge to stalk away and hugs his sister as she whistles for Arion. "Take care of yourself, Nico," Annabeth whispers as she hugs him goodbye. Nico barely has time to nod before he's faced by Percy, green eyes serious for once. "If anything happens, just iris-message me, or shadow-travel or something." "Okay." They stand awkwardly for a second before a grin splits Percy's face, and he pulls Nico into a tight hug that smells like the sea, ruffling his hair. "I'm serious, you know. You're like my little brother. I don't think I'd be able to live with myself if anything happened to you." "Okay," Nico says again as he pulls back, slightly embarrassed, hair skewed and sticking up, but a sense of comfort warming him nevertheless. Percy and Annabeth climb onto the pegasi, and Hazel stops feeding Arion chunks of gold, and soon they're little more than dots on the horizon. Chiron finds him as he spars with a relatively new camper, showing her how to hold her sword properly in the ten minutes they've got before lunch. "Nico, may I have a word with you?" He tells the girl to keep trying the strike on a dummy and follows the centaur out of the arena. Chiron turns to him with an outstretched hand. Nico holds his own palm out, slightly bemused, and a leather cord with three brightly coloured beads drops into his hands. "But I haven't been here for a whole summer yet," he protests, although the necklace feels good in his hand, like a missing piece has just been slotted in. "You have done more than many heroes could in a lifetime," Chiron says quietly, and Nico gets the impression that he isn't just talking about the battles. "Nico, I feel that I haven't payed as much attention to you as I should have." Nico shrugs. "I'm the one who ran away." His fingers trace the details on the beads. An intricate labyrinth. The Empire State Building with too many names carved around the edges. A dark blue bead with a bronze dragon figurehead. Suddenly, his hand clenches around the leather cord, and he realises he's nodding to himself. "Nico?" "I'm fine." And he is, because it's sunny, and his friends are waiting for him to go to lunch with him, and for the first time since Bianca died he feels like he belongs. "I'm fine," he says again, and then he's running back across the grass, and he's smiling and it doesn't feel forced at all. "You look happy," Will notes when he arrives. Nico just shrugs cheerfully, grabbing a plate. Will elbows him gently. "Nico di Angelo, are you smiling ? Did Lou-Ellen curse you or something? Let me get a camera." Nico laughs, and nearly three-quarters of the camp turns to stare. "I'm fine. More than fine." Of course, it isn't that easy. There are several nights when the nightmares come back, as nightmares do, and those are the nights when Nico wakes up gasping for breath, wondering if he really belongs. One of those nights, he eventually gets out of bed and pads across the commons area to the Apollo cabin. A yawning camper generally opens the door, sees him, and immediately starts prodding a still-sleeping Will in the side. Apparently the healer is such a heavy sleeper, he may as well join the Hypnos cabin, but when he finally wakes up, muttering something indistinct, and catches sight of Nico shivering against the doorframe, he drags his blanket off the bed and bundles them both away to the beach, where it's calmer and emptier. They huddle together under the blanket and they talk until Will's drooping against him, eyes half closed, and Nico doesn't feel like he's more shadow than human anymore. These nights get less frequent as time goes on. The last one is two weeks before Christmas, and before Nico can begin to explain what was bothering him (Will always listens, and always comforts him), the son of Apollo turns to him and takes his hand gently. "Nico, can I ask you something?" "Depends what it is," Nico replies. Will smiles secretively, and whispers something in his ear, blonde hair mixing with his dark hair for a few seconds. Nico sits stunned for a moment afterwards, watching the reflections of the stars ripple in the water. "Nico?" He fingers the beads around his neck, and nods almost imperceptibly. And their hands find each other, and they shift closer under the blanket. Piper finds them in the morning, curled in the sand with the tide reaching for their toes, and she squeals so loudly they bang their heads together as they jolt awake. It's not the most dignified of first kisses, but they don't mind. After all, it's not like it's the last.