widened, he froze and stared at her, his eyes going over her body, Hera knew her plan was working. He looked stunned, but in a good way. He also looked interested and almost hungry for the first time in ages. He hadn't looked at her like that for a long time now. He smiled at her, still staring. "Hi my beautiful queen. Can I come inside?". Hera nodded and allowed him to walk passed her, inside. " Sure. Follow me". While she followed him towards her living room, she frowned. She didn't really know what to do now. She had told him they needed to talk, but she had no idea where they should talk about. Although, with the way Zeus was looking at her, there might be no talking tonight. They were in the living room and she motioned he should sit down. "Sit down. I will just go to the kitchen and get some snacks" she said before walking towards the kitchen. She was busy with pouring nektar into their cups when a pair of strong arms were suddenly wrapped around her and pulled her against a warm body. Hera almost yelled, not having anticipated this, but she managed to stop herself in time. It was just Zeus, her husband. No need to yell. Zeus kissed her neck. " Hi darling"he whispered in her ear. Hera, still really nervous, swallowed. This wasn't going according to the plan. Not that she really had a plan, except making sure her husband would actually spend time with her. " Hi Zeus. What ehm are you doing?". Zeus chuckled, this time kissing her somewhere beneath her ear. Hera involentarily shivered. His warm breath was erotic on that certain spot. " Just spending some time with my beautiful wife". "Oh. Don't you want something to ear or drink, I was just-". Hera stopped talking when Zeus suddenly picked her up bridal style and started walking. "Zeus! What in Hades are you doing ?". Hades, hearing his name immediately appeared. "Here am I, what do you need and- Wow. What is going on here"? Hades asked, his annoyed expression replaced by one of surprise when he saw Zeus carrying Hera. Zeus groaned. "Just leave Hades. I'm busy". " I can see that. With what exactly?". Hades took a quick look at Hera, who was just as surprised as him. She had no idea what was going on. She blushed under his observing look, but didn't say anything. "Hera. You look.. different. You look-". "Mine!"Zeus suddenly snapped, making Hera very surprised. He never reacted like that if she got a compliment. Hades raised one of his eyebrows. " Of course brother, but". " Hades. Leave !". " You called me!"Hades protested, looking offended. He was still staring at Hera, Hera noticed. Zeus noticed too and he narrowed his eyes. He looked really angry. And Hera thought she even saw jealousy in his eyes. " Stop staring at my wife and leave unless you want to look while I fuck her". Hera blushed. "Zeus!". She didn't want him to use that kind of language. And she was perplexed he had just said that. That wasn't really like him. " Sorry. Make love to her". Hades was staring at them, his mouth open. He obviously couldn't believe his ears. " What? That is disgusting! I don't want to see that". Giving both of them a last curious look, Hades disappeared. He obviously didn't need any trauma's. Which he would have gotten if he had stayed longer. Zeus started walking faster and reached the bedroom in no time, throwing Hera unceremonously on the bed. She was too stunned to really say anything and the next moment, he was hovering above her. He grinned. "Finally"he said while lowering his mouth.. ( A/N you can guess what happened after that. I am not going to describe it. Use your fantasy people if you really want to think about that) Hera was surprised at what had happened. She and Zeus were actually getting along, although there wasn't a lot talking involved. She still liked it, even when they didn't talk that much. They spend a lot more time together and Zeus was acting very sweet to her. And giving all the gods and goddesses heart attacks with his behavior. It was a good thing they were immortal or there would have been a serie of deaths. Also, he had decided they should be permitted to take bathroom breaks. None of the gods actually bought it. It wasn't hard to guess what happened during those breaks since Zeus and Hera always came back very disheveled and flustered (A/N I have this idea from a story called noted! I don't own the idea of the disheveled Hera and Zeus and their bathroom breaks. It's just a small part of noted!, but thought I should mention it) Hera even had a hickie one time. That had been embarressing. She had only noticed it because all the gods had been staring at her neck. Which was really odd behavior. She had first believed it was a prank, that they were trying to make her freak out, but Athena had told her the reason. She now wore a scarf or something so it wouldn't happen again. They still knew of course, what happened during the now famous 'bathroom breaks'. Too bad she couldn't keep the girdle forever. It would be amazing if the situation would stay this way. Zeus and she were really having a lot of fun together and he was a lot nicer to her. She would miss certain things if she had to give the girdle back, Although, she had a feeling, she would manage without it just fine. And finished! Hm, this turned out differen than I expected. Well, hope you liked it:). I could do one about Zeus being under influence of the girdle and acting all sweet and in love. Just pm me or something if you want me to.