silent night. Revealing a tired looking teenage boy, yet again similarly aged to Percy with the starting's of a goatee and curly hair, a bowler hat on his head and a shabby tie dyed sleeping gown around his skinny body. The boy looked at him concern marred on his altogether worried face " What's happening? I came as soon as I could... Is it Nico? I haven't seen him, though that could be because he's with Will. Sorry I babble when I'm tired but it's the wrong time. I'm Grover by the way..." The boy shook his head in action to wake himself from his abrupt wakening. "Where do we need to go? I could go get Chiron. He'd understand... definitely he would know what to do. I'll get him now. Stay here. Call an ambulance just at the phone by here. We will get through this okay. Now what's your name?" The boy, Grover looked at Percy with steady eyes, seemingly knowing what to do, better prepared than Percy, no, no, not prepared but more able to think at the moment. Then again he hadn't seen what had happened, how hurt they were. The painful scream, that Percy could never would never want to hear ever again in his whole life. He didn't want anybody to ever feel that sort of anguish again. He would stop it. "My name is Percy, and, and I think he's going to die. He's our age, there were two people tell Chiron tell the people who will help, please make sure he doesn't die. He can't..." Percy's horse voice cracking at the end. Grover nodded, a strange form of determination on his face. "Don't worry Percy help is on its way. What I want to know is where is Jason... he was meant to be showing y... Oh. I'll be right back Percy I promise. Help IS coming! This will get sorted..." Grover walked off, as fast as he could by the looks of it, his sleeping gown swaying with each step he took. Slippers slapping onto the stone ground, making a horrible scraping noise that cause Percy to shiver all over his body. With a quick look back he remembered the reason behind his shock. His shaking. The adrenaline rushing through his veins. Percy rushed inside, enveloped at once by the surprising warmth of the building. He dialled 999 and gave them a shaky account of what had went down at this eerie place that was apparently a school. He then headed back outside. Percy spun around quickly facing the direction the boy had lain in, the boy that seemed to probably be the Jason Grover had referred too. Percy winced in guilt at this. That maybe this Jason, whoever he was had been going to show Percy about school. Welcome him when he arrived but instead was stabbed brutally. Likely to die. Out of breath at the pace he'd ran to where the boy had previously lain Percy caught his breath a little, not for long, knowing there was no time to spare and heaved the boy up by his shoulders. Intending to drag him back to the school building. Maybe Mr Chiron or whoever would know what to do. How to save him. Either way it seemed that though the ambulance may be coming Mr Chiron was the only person who could buy him time for now. Finding the right way, but that didn't mean Percy wouldn't try to help. Out of the corner of his eye Percy noticed a small packet, a small see through packet filled with a white powder, with random grains of a golden colour. Strange. Percy picked it up in the heat of the moment, intending to hand it to Mr Chiron. He would know what to do with it. It's importance. Where it fitted in amongst this mess. As fast as he could Percy pulled, Jason?, towards the school building. Not stopping for breaks along the way. Not when Jason's? life was ticking away and seconds could mean anything. They would pull through. Somehow. Both Percy and Jason, being dragged along, made it to the school building. Up the steps and everything. Without to many howls of pain from Jason, though that could of been because of him slipping in and out of consciousness. It felt like they waited millennia as Percy propped Jason? up in the doorway, taking his own jacket off and resting it around him hoping to stop at least some of the shivering and chattering of teeth that to Percy felt like it was at the highest volume possible. Finally, Grover came back with a teacher in a wheelchair beside him. He must be Mr Chiron Percy thought slowly, the man (Mr Chiron) had a wild curling beard full of greys and browns and a mane of hair to suit it. Mr Chiron checked Jason? over his eyes narrowed and calculating. He must know what to do Percy though wondering belatedly whether chasing after the attackers would have been the best option. Then again that wouldn't have helped the boy to pull through would it? Not even a minute after Mr Chiron arriving did Percy hear the never easing blare of the ambulance coming closer and closer until it parked swiftly in precisely the same spot the taxi cab had dropped Percy off. Dust spiralling behind the wheels, making it seem like steam was rising of the rubber tires. Four people ran out of the vehicle, rushing straight to the building armed to the tooth with medical supplies. Their fluorescent jackets blurring in Percy's eyes, making them sway sideways as they ran over, one lugging something that must be to take Jason? to the hospital. "Oh good." Percy said "Make sure he makes it." before the darkness swallowed him whole, spinning him into unconsciousness, patches of the haughty school being shown to him as he fell to the ground his legs crippling underneath him. He had an appointment with gravity.