You will have to stop talking about cereal all the time and how much you know Hades- so no one knows it's you- and talk about your other hobby's. And not agriculture! Something that could fit any immortal. So they don't know it's you". " I don't think I even have a hobby like that". " We will think of something". "No, we will do nothing. You will leave". Aphrodite smirked again. "And how would you force me to?". " I can just throw you out or use my godly powers". "You probably could. But I will just come back until you give in. Or do I have to spill your secret?". "Where are you talking about! Seriously, how am I the crazy one?". " You know. About that one time when you got drunk in Las Vegas, trying to get over your depression because Persephone was gone, and you-". " All right! Fine, I will do it"Demeter said, annoyed. She really didn't want to think about that time. It had been embarressing. No one could know about that. Aphrodite smirked." Hah! I won. Now follow me". She got up and Demeter followed her towards her own laptop. Like she didn't know where her laptop was. Aphrodite sat down and motioned Demeter to do the same. They sat together and Demeter watched as Aphrodite typed in ; .com ( A/N this is purely fictional, this site doesn't actually exists! The last time I checked, at least). Aphrodite clicked on the join button. " All right. Let's do this. What do you want to have as name?". Demeter sighed. She really didn't like this. She snapped her fingers and made a new bowl of cereal appear, the last one was long gone, but Aphrodite took it from her. " No! No more cereal. You have to stop this obsession Demeter. It totally ruins your love life!". Demeter looked at Aphrodite for a second. That crazy lady had stolen her cereal! She decided to do the logical thing. Scream. "GIVE ME BACK MY CEREAL YOU CRAZY LADY"! Aphrodite cowered a bit. Demeter was really scary whenever she got mad like this. Emphasis on the mad part. Mad-angry and mad- crazy. She stood her ground though. "No! I won't give it back. You said it yourself, you have had enough for today". "GIMME!". "No! Stop trying or I will tell everybody, including the campers of camp half-blood". Demeter crossed her arms and narrowed her eyes at Aphrodite. ""Fine. Just do this quick, I want it to be over". Aphrodite immediately smiled and made the bowl disappear, making Demeter very sad. Even cereal couldn't save her now. Aphrodite turned her attention back to the screen and Demeter tried to make another bowl of cereal appear, so she could secretly eat it, but Aphrodite glared at her and she stopped it. "Fine. I won't eat cereal then"she grumbled. Aphrodite smiled. " Good. Now what will be your name?". The next few hours, Aphrodite and Demeter made Demeter's profile and Aphrodite showed her how the site worked. It wasn't much different from the mortal datesites, she said. The only real difference was that there were immortals, gods and so on on this dating site. Demeter, wanting Aphrodite to leave her house, just agreed on almost everything. She just didn't agree when she really didn't want to agree. Like when Aphrodite suggested to add giving lapdances as hobby, because men would like that. Demeter had retored only creeps would. After she had made Demeter swore she wouldn't tell anyone she was Demeter on the site and say nothing about cereal or Hades or Persephone - at least not something that could make it obvious who she was- on the styx, Aphrodite finally left. Leaving Demeter alone and bored behind, like she had been before Aphrodite had invaded her house. Demeter, a little bored, decided to try it. Why wouldn't I? Maybe I actually find a decent man on this.. She looked at her name and smile;Medini23. Medini meant the nurturer and that was what she was to the Romans. Or had been. Besides, she liked the name Medini. It sounded a bit like a magician and she secretly loved those. They weren't as good as cereal was though. But then again, nothing was. She smiled and started to look around, just because she was curious she assured herself. Who knew. Maybe she would actually find someone that would understand her, maybe someone who hated Hades as much as her... Aphrodite pov I looked back at Demeter's house and grinned, satisfied with myself. I was convinced she would soon walk into my trap. She won't be able to resist this. She will find for a good guy and all I need to do, is convince Hades he simply has to join the site even though he already has a wife. Can't be that hard. So I walked away, happy, ready to make sure my plan could start and Hades and Demeter would finally realize they would be cute together. I mean, they are both like really weird! It's perfect. Like me. All right. Chapter 1. Some short things, to inform you. First of all, hope you liked this. Second of all, I will warn you right now I won't be able to update this often. Maybe once a week. Maybe. Which isn't often for me, since I write a chapter for a story almost every day. I'm just extremely busy with my other stories. Okay, now you know that; Do you guys have any ideas for this story? Like what Demeter should have at her profile by likes and anything. Or a name for Hades. Things like that. Also, should I do this in third person or switch from Hades to Demeter? I usually do third person, that way you can describe the thoughts of all characters, but I can change it if you want to. Tell me in a review or pm me if you have ideas:)