reviled another little box, this one a grey color. I realized what he was doing as soon as he began to speak. "Annabeth, my Wisegirl. We met as we were 12, I remember it like yesterday, as I opened my eyes at the infirmary and the first thing I noticed was you. Your first words being "You drool in your sleep" " He said, which made me chuckle a little. He continued. "Then, we went on a quest together to find this stupid bolt, neither of us knowing what to think about each other, but soon we became friends. We took a trip to the sea of monster, finding the Golden Fleece and saving Thalia from her tree. Later, I travelled for you through all of America, hoping I would be fast enough to free you from Atlas prison. After that, I travelled through the labyrinth, we met Daedalus and shared our first kiss in Mount Helens. I went to Calypso´s island, got the chance to avoid the prophecy, but I told myself that I had to be the one to fulfill it. Only little did I know that I came back for you. Then, as I bathed in the Styx, I saw so many faces, friends and family all together, but my mortal point, the one person binding me to the mortal world was you. I took down godhood, because I wanted to be with you. Why would I want an eternity, if you weren´t a part of it? We were happy after that, shared this beautiful kiss at the bottom of the canoe lake and just enjoyed each other´s company. Sadly, Hera had to ruin it. But even without my memories, I remembered one name, your name Wisegirl." He continued. I could feel that I was crying silently by now. "Then, in Rome you were sucked into Tartarus-" I could see how hard this part was for him. Neither of us normally talked willingly about the pit, the memories just to painfull. "- and I had to make a decision. I couldn´t let you fall, so I let go and fell with you. Forever and always were the words going through my head. We even survived the literally description of Hell, we after that managed to defeat Gaea, the personification, the earth itself and now here we are. I am madly in love with you and wouldn´t know what I´d do without you. So I ask you, would you like to share a forever and always and do the honor of marrying me?" He asked nervously, his hand shaking lightly. I was at a loss of words. Here, in front of me was the man of my dreams, the one who would lay the world down at my feet, asking if I wanted to be his. I was at a loss of words, but my decision was already made, because there was only one answer I knew to be the right one. There had always been only one answer to this question for me. Percy pov I was nervous. I finally was man enough to ask the woman of my dreams to marry me. But what was, if she didn´t want to be my wife? What if she didn´t love me enough for that? What if she would hate me now? Maybe I shouldn´t have asked h- "Yes, yes, yes, yes." She shouted, crying softly as she through herself at me, nearly making us fall to the ground. I could avoid this by spinning her in circles. I needed a moment to register what she just said. She agreed to marry me. She agreed to MARRY me. Annabeth, my one and only, my other half agreed to marry ME! Needless to say I was the happiest man on earth right now, not able to put in words, how I felt. "Thank you Wisegirl. I love you. Oh you have no idea how much I do." I said softly after I sat her down again. I looked her in the eyes, these stormy gray, beautiful loving eyes. I saw a few tears on her face and wished them away with my thumb. Then I kissed her, a beautiful soft kiss, yet with many emotions. I could never describe what I felt at this moment. "So, are you going to show me the ring?" She asked playfully, but excitement could clearly be heard in her voice too. "Of course." I took the ring carefully out of the box, before sticking it on her ring finger. She looked at it in awe and wonder, her eyes lighting up like the ones from a little child on Christmas. "It´s beautiful." She gasped. It was a silver band with golden and white waves engraved in it. At the top sat another little owl, similar to the one on her necklace. "Not as beautiful as you, Annabeth." I said. I know, cheesy, but who cares? She would marry me! "Take it off and look at the inside." I said. She looked at me questionably. I just rolled my eyes, a smile on my lips and motioned for her to go on. There, on the inside, at the back of the owl were the words "Wisdom and Sea united- Forever and Always" engraved in ancient Greek. She looked up at me again, her voice raspy from the crying and asked. "Did you make this too?" I nodded, not trusting my voice at the moment. She nodded, more tears now trickeing down her cheeks. and engulfed me in another kiss, breaking the little distance between us. And then, I finally realized how true those words were. We would be together Wisdom and Sea united ,no matter what. I would stand by her side whenever she would need me, because I love her. I truly did with all my heart. Forever and Always ... That´s it. I hope you like it and Review, if you do. Have a nice day ^^ :* Lilie0107 …..(\_/)…. ….(=´.´=)….Review….. …..(=).(=)… …