top of it all, it's enough to push her over the edge. Physically…and mentally. One of the twins (she's not sure who at that point), open the bathroom door to find her on the floor, desperately trying to unstuck a bottle of sleeping pills. WHAT YEAR #16 BROUGHT The same as every year Some good But a lot of bad too She was treated delicately after the incident. Silena, Katie, the Stolls, Reyna—they tiptoe around her. They don't mention it when they talk to her, they don't even say anything vaguely hinting at what she almost did last year, but they don't really need to. She can see it in their eyes. This girl is suicidal. Annabeth tries desperately to fit in again like when she was twelve. She amps up the makeup and smiles all the time, only this time, no one's actually buying it. She does what her psychiatrist says. She takes the pills. She goes to sleep at ten and wakes up at eight. And it's all garbage because she's just not getting better because she's just not okay . Annabeth is all plastic smiles and broken eyes, and that self-assured little girl is so long gone it feels like another lifetime. Every other night, it becomes a habit to sit outside Sweet on America and just imagine. Imagine Luke come strolling by, imagine Thalia driving that stupid, overpriced car and taking her home, but neither of those happen. Instead, a boy with sea-colored eyes and messy hair comes… And freezes. Annabeth is the first to break eye-contact. He's the first to walk away. Annabeth Chase, in all her sixteen years, had never ditched school. Not once. She hadn't been planning to either. She was going for a perfect attendance record, but she forgets all about that as soon as Percy shows up outside her school with an ugly, banged up truck. She stands still for a moment, puzzled, because he'd gotten expelled years ago and if Mr. D found him outside his school, there would be a problem. Percy opens the door for her and waits. He'll let her take all the time she needs, but at the end of the day, she is getting her butt in that crummy old truck. Oddly enough, Annabeth's across the parking lot in less than six seconds, and Percy's driving off to who knows where. He looks different now. She hadn't seen him in forever—not since she yelled at him, not since Luke… She shakes her head. Her psychiatrist told her not to confront that stepping stone 'til she was ready. Ha, stepping stone. It's more like Mt. Everest. She's suddenly very aware that she's in sweats and a T-shirt, barefaced, and she rolls her eyes because of course she wouldn't be up for primping herself the day Percy shows out of the blue…. Annabeth has to stop to wonder why she cares. They spend 75% of the day driving and the other 25% stopping and doing various things like eating blue candy and watching How To Train Your Dragon 2 and running around Hobby Lobby like a couple of idiots and it all feel so normal Annabeth feels better than she has in a very long time. At the end of the day, they find themselves in Kingstone Park, underneath Annabeth's tree. Her drift shut and she feels weightless. "Percy?" she begins, voice soft. "What was all this for?" It's a long time before Percy speaks, and when he does it's awkward and Annabeth just knows he'd planned what to say beforehand and just now forgot because that's just so Percy . "I, er…" he fumbles a little more. "I just wanted to show you that…that even though bad things happen—a lot, there're some really, really good stuff to live for too. Even…" He trails off and doesn't speak again until Annabeth nudges him with her elbow. "…Even if some of the people you loved hadn't realized that." There's a dull ache in her chest, but she doesn't get angry with him. "Yeah?" she asks. He nods firmly, eyes search hers. " And I wanted you to know that, well, even though I'm, like, getting kicked out of every single school I attend, I'll still be around if you ever need me. Or at least, when I'm not at military school." Her eyes bug out of her head and she laughs. And laughs. And laughs. Because Perseus Jackson in military school is priceless, and he'll probably wind of burning the entire place down before they kick any discipline into him. When she finally calms down, Annabeth finds that his eyes are bright, encouraged, like he knows he did something right. "But we can always write," he continues. "Oh yeah, as if I'm going to even try reading those chicken scratches you call words." "Hey!" And they go on for a little bit longer until they're both laughing and carefree and okay . There are some moments that require extra words to be said. Words of comfort and love and hope, and there are other times, where nothing needs to be said at all. Where it's best if both parties remain silent and simply be . Percy rests his hand atop of hers, and their pinkies interlock. She looks down at the river and finds herself staring up at her. Yellow hair, grey eyes, and high cheekbones. No makeup. No jewelry. She looks sloppy, and she knows it, but with the way Percy stares at her…she's okay with that. All her life she's been told she's smart and beautiful, and other times she's been told she's a misfit and nothing remarkable. Little Girl, Wise Girl—for once, Annabeth decides that she'll be what she wants to be, no matter what anyone else tries to decide for her. And, for a second… She feels strong. Exhausted and in need of either coffee or Dr. Pepper. Perhaps writing this in one sitting wasn't the brightest idea, but oh well. Here it is.