for all of this." He looked me here pointedly up and down. It was uncomfortable to be looked at like this, but I was also relieved that he wasn't mad at me. I mean, I was probably going to stay here for the rest of my life. My father cleared his throat and we all turned to him. I hadn´t noticed that he had moved at all, let alone over to his throne. It was at the other side of the throne room. Oh well. I glided slowly over to my father, not knowing what was going to happen next. So, I was slightly nervous. "Come here, Perseus. Please kneel before me." He said in a soothing and friendly voice. I hesitantly did so. It wasn´t that I didn't trust my dad, it really wasn´t. It´s just that the shit that happened to me in the last few days made me a little wary. "Perseus Jackson" my father began speaking in a deep and powerful voice. I was slightly afraid. I mean, people normally only used that name on me when I was in trouble. "Today is your eighteenth birthday. You now have the right to claim what was denied you at birth. Now that you are officially old enough to claim, I ask you, Perseus, do you agree to become what you were born for? Do you accept to be an heir of Atlantis and the responsibility over the people living here that comes with it?" He asked. I could see the hope and pride in his eyes. That was when I noticed it. I was really ready for this. I had always stayed back, always thought about the well-being of others over my own. Now was for once the time to think of my future, not only the one of others. I had a feeling that immortality came with it, I don´t know why, but I just know. And I could surprisingly admit that I wasn't afraid anymore. There was nothing holding me back. All my friends had stabile futures ahead of them; even my own mother was going to start hers. And I wasn´t a part of these ways of life anymore. I had to go my own way, I had to move on. I think what I did next was the thing fate wanted me to do. "Father, I am honored by your offer. I was not ready for immortality when you asked me the first time, I knew I had to collect some experiences. Now, after two wars and the loss of my friends I know that I am ready for this. So, I, Perseus, heir to the people of Atlantis accept your generous offer." I could hear the soft sigh of relief that escaped all the immortals and guards that were in the room. I suddenly felt a warm tingling sensation going through my body. It wasn´t painful. No, instead it actually felt good, it gave me the feeling of hope, strength and most importantly the feeling of home. I could suddenly feel a connection to the merfolk and had the strange urge to protect them. It actually felt good to care for someone other than myself and my mother again. "Then rise now, Perseus, heir and prince of Atlantis, new god of life, of tropical storms and of the stars. Protector of the innocent and all those creatures living in the sea and second heir to the throne of Atlantis. All hail!" He shouted. I was sure that my face was very red (or was it golden now?) by now. I straightened and was at full height again. I looked him right in the eyes, pride and happiness the most dominant emotions. He came forward and engulfed me in a hug. It soon became a group hug as Amphitrite and Triton laid their arms around us as well. As we broke apart I could see something glistening in the hands of Amphitrite and I had a very big suspicious about what exactly it was. "Well Perseus, a prince needs a symbol of his status, doesn´t he?" She said, smirking evilly at me. I gulped loudly, not liking where this was going. "And to show that you are truly a prince of Atlantis now, you shall wear this crown. It was forged by the god Hephaestus himself, only something royalty is allowed to possess." The crown was, and I had to grudgingly admit, beautiful. It was made of gold, with many green and blue gems in it. They were ordered so that it had the effect to look like waves. It was breathtaking. "Thank you Amphitrite. Not only for this, but also for accepting me, welcoming me here. The same thanks to Triton." I said, giving both of them a big smile. They returned it both soon. "Soo, now that Perseus is officially member of the royal family, I´d say we celebrate the birthday of my newly crowned son." Poseidon smiled at me. Suddenly the doors opened and in came some of the people I´ve met on my adventures. Like nereids, nymphs or even the spirit that visited me on my first quest. I gasped in surprise when I saw a very special person enter. It was none other than the Titaness Calypso. She was as breathtaking as ever, her light brown hair flowing in big waves down her bag. She wore a white chiton and a small tiara. She didn´t wear any make-up, which made her even more beautiful. What surprised me though was the soft goldish-brown tail instead of the thin legs I usually knew. When she swam to me and hugged me, wishing me a happy birthday whilst congratulating on my new position I knew one thing for sure. I had a future ahead of me, a destiny that was made from the fates themselves. And I knew that it was going to fulfill itself here in Atlantis, the place I would call my home for a very, very long time.