at the creamy plywood above. He'd missed a post that was two fucking inches away from his hand, and had fallen flat on his face. Monsters, take me now. He didn't know how long he lied there, listening to the muted sounds of idle medical chat drift through the infirmary doorway, but it must've been long enough, because he heard footsteps approach from the stairwell at the end of the hall, and the next thing he knew, he was peering up at a pair of legs from upside down, cross-eyed. Leo's eyes crept up the pair of baggy jeans to catch the sight of his boyfriend's face, all soft as he smiled down at him. He blushed. "Need some help?" Jason asked, extending a hand. Leo didn't say anything as he took the offer, letting Jason help him to his feet. He wouldn't meet Jason's eyes when he turned to face him, not even when he felt the soft pressure of his hand on his elbow, sending warmth through his arm as Jason coaxed him closer. When Jason slipped his other arm around his waist, Leo lost his nerve, cushioning his bottom lip between his teeth as he looked up at him, eyes pleading, finally letting his brown eyes meet blue. "Please don't ask me why I was on the floor," he blurted out. "I won't ask you why you were on the floor," Jason promised. "Right. Good. Because I totally wasn't having a crisis or anything. So." "I'll take your word for it," Jason said lowly, leaning close to nuzzle his nose against Leo's, and fuuuck. He was doing that little smirk thing where he knew that Leo wanted to say something, but refused to spill, which drove him CRAZY. Couple that with the way he started pressing kisses to Leo's jaw, and he was a goner. Leo lasted all of ten seconds before a whine crept into his throat, and he was spilling all of his business at Jason's feet. "I hate being short," he hissed, face heated, and Jason actually pulled back a little with a surprised look on his face. "All the jokes, and the taunts, and the teasing—it's driving me fucking insane." he moans, burying his face in Jason's shoulder. "I know I make a lot of big talk about it all the time, and that I always just roll with it, but it's really getting to me. I just, I can't do things that tall people can. I can't reach things, or fight as well, or lead as well, or—" he choked up. Shit, he'd struck a well, tapping into something a lot deeper than he'd bargained for. But that's how he felt, sometimes—no matter how big of a role he had, he felt small. Insignificant. Like he could never be important, no matter how hard he tried. The soothing sensation of fingers carding through his hair brought him out of his gloom, drawing his eyes to the soft, sweet look on Jason's face. "Hey. Being short doesn't make you any less of an amazing boyfriend," Jason told him quietly, and even though Leo's first initial thought to that was oh, so you DO think I'm short, jackass, he blushed red as a beat and buried his face in the fabric of Jason's camp shirt. "And it doesn't make you any less of an awesome fighter, either. You're one of the most talented, bravest people I know," Jason murmured, gazing at down at him with such genuine honesty that he couldn't look away. "You're the bravest person I know. So don't sell yourself short—" Leo scowled, Jason grinned "—and don't tell yourself that you aren't good enough. You're important, Leo. I'll always look up to you," he finished with a crooked smile, sealing the promise with a chaste kiss. Leo hummed as Jason pulled back, lips pursed as he took in the sight of his boyfriend. "But you do think I'm short, though." Jason rolled his eyes with a sigh. "Oh my gods, don't. You literally started with the phrase 'I hate being short'. I'm just quoting you at this point." "Oookay, but you could've said something nicer, like, 'There are tons of people shorter than you, Leo!' which would've been really fucking nice, you know? Because, while your speech was sweet and all, it's kind of null and void, considering the fact that I'm still being cradled in the freakishly long arms of a fucking six foot troll—" Leo was promptly cut off when Jason grabbed him by the waist and hoisted him up, making him shriek. It was not one of his best moments. "I take it back," Jason chirped, grinning while Leo screamed, arms scrambling for purchase as he fisted his hands in the fabric of his shirt while his boyfriend tossed him over his shoulder. "You actually suck, sorry. I guess the speech was moot, after all." "Shut up!" screeched Leo as they passed beneath the doorway into the infirmary, earning a few turned heads and strange looks cast their way. "Put me down right now!" he demands, face heating to a point where he's pretty sure it might catch on fire. When they pass under the doorway, he slams a hand on the mark on the frame, grinning from ear to ear as it makes contact with a satisfying smack. If Jason later confessed to planning that during a heated make-out session later on, then, well. If anybody asks, Leo definitely touched the mark, no help required. Nobody needs to know. . . . notes: sorry 4 the puns yall im not usually this unbearably corny also pls pray 4 me i lost my phone and all of my snap streaks died and now i have to confront like 20 ppl about why i let this happen oh GOD thats literally why i wrote this lmao. and also as an early bday gift to myself i think (it's march 28 ayy) find me on tumblr astronai or keeith, bye