properly, but could only blink as the shape became unmistakably clear. A winged, golden dragon, flying toward her island. It couldn't be. And upon it's back, yelling and whooping for the whole world to hear, was… She took off running, leaving her gardening tools to drop where they would in the dirt behind her. Even as she watched, stopping just clear of the water's edge, Calypso wondered if she was dreaming; if the gods and the fates had not had enough yet and yearned to torture her further with scenes of love lost. But even as the thought it, she knew this was no dream. Even if her tortured mind could conjure so perfect an image of her beloved hero atop a mount she never could have envisioned, no amount of imagination or god-altered apparition could so accurately portray the hero she loved as he whooped and cheered like a madman. It simply wasn't possible. They came in for landing mere feet from her, but as she watched, the metal dragon, wings outstretched, stumbled as one of its legs gave out beneath it, and Leo—her Leo—was catapulted off it's back and flung face-first into the sand at her feet. The dragon hobbled off, creaking painful sounds, and Leo braced himself on his forearms on the beach, sandy from head to toe. He did not notice her at first, due to the seaweed in his mouth, which he spat out, looking disgusted. Calypso watched, doing her best to remain stoic, even while her heart somersaulted in her chest and she barely refrained from shouting and jumping for joy, or simply weeping. Finally, he looked up at her. Fighting with everything she had to keep a straight face, she informed him, "You're late." And yet, that he had returned at all was nothing short of a miracle; one which she would never have expected, despite his adamancy. "Sorry, Sunshine," he replied, his voice and the pet name making her heart constrict in the best way, "Traffic was murder." "You are covered with soot," she said, noticing for the first time the state of his apparel, "And you managed to ruin the clothes I made for you, which were impossible to ruin." And yet, here he lay, proof that anything was possible. "Well, you know," he said, straightening until he knelt in the sand before her, "I'm all about doing the impossible." How closely his words echoed her thoughts very nearly made her smile. She offered her hand to him and helped him up. He stood before her, incredibly close, and appeared to drink her in, looking dazed as she'd ever seen him. If she was honest, she wasn't nearly much better. She couldn't help but wrinkle her nose at the stench that registered now, like the scent of war—blood and sweat—mixed with the sea at low tide, and all severely burnt to a crisp. "You smell—" "I know. Like I've been dead. Probably because I have been." He continued on, talking, as he always did, far too much. And she was interested in what he had to say, especially after that remark, but she wanted to kiss him far more. So she did, effectively silencing whatever else he had to say. It was glorious. His heart slammed against hers and he kissed her back. She deepened it. What he obviously lacked in experience, he made up for in vigor, and she would have smiled at the thought that they would have plenty of time for him to improve, had she not been so engaged otherwise. She let him go and waved vaguely, signaling her servants to pack for her everything she would need for the rest of her life. Two suitcases were deposited at her feet seconds later. Leo grinned at her. "Packed for a long trip, huh?" "I don't plan on coming back." She glanced behind her at the cave that had been her home for so long, and was surprisingly unmoved at the idea of leaving it forever. She turned back to him. "Where will you take me, Leo?" "Somewhere to fix my dragon. And then… wherever you want. How long was I gone, seriously?" She had no idea. "Time is difficult on Ogygia. It felt like forever." A series of emotions flashed across his face and he looked momentarily uncertain before his eyes settled on her once more. "So once you leave Ogygia, do you stay immortal or what?" "I have no idea," she told him honestly. She found she didn't much care either way. "And you're okay with that?" "More than okay." "Well then!" he said excitedly, turning and summoning his dragon friend to them. Calypso felt the need to voice her thoughts. "So we take off with no plan. No idea where we'll go or what problems await beyond this island. Many questions and no tidy answers?" She found herself looking forward to the idea far more than she let on. Leo upturned his palms in a carefree gesture. "That's how I fly, Sunshine. Can I get your bags?" Calypso could not remember the last time she'd felt so light; the last time her life had seemed so full of possibility. For so long, she'd merely existed, enduring an eternity of torturous limbo and loss. Again and again she'd fallen in love and watched that love choose other things before her. Again and again she'd been left alone and broken. For so long she'd wanted nothing more than to be freed of her misery, to finally be released, even if it meant death. And now, for the first time, she was truly receiving the opportunity to live. She stared into Leo's deep brown eyes, so full of life and love and possibility, and she thought, impossibly, that maybe it had all been worth it to get her where she was right now. To be in love and free, and leaving that wretched half-life behind. Calypso smiled. "Absolutely." Thanks so much for reading! Feedback is always appreciated. :)