just a few minutes ago now. They were back on the road, both wide awake after the excitement despite it being just after five in the morning. They would stop soon for breakfast, but for now they were putting some distance between themselves and the rest area. Hour Forty-Three There wasn't much open so early, but they eventually found a place outside Roseville that was apparently known for its bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches. Percy ran in and bought them each one, and they continued on, impatient now just to get to her father's. The traffic flow slowed down greatly as they neared Sacramento, and between rush hour and construction, they lost about half an hour. Hour Forty-Four When they finally reached appropriate highway speed again, Annabeth sat up a little straighter, both hands still on the wheel. Percy, who had been eyeing her quietly, smirked now, turning to look ahead of them. "What?" she asked. He shook his head. She waited. Finally, he said, "You're just… you." "What does that mean?" "Nothing. I just love you." She continued staring at him the best she could while still paying attention to the stretch of road before them, but her heart skipped, as it always did, when he told her that. She smiled, almost against her will. "I love you too." Hour Forty-Five Annabeth was getting annoyed. For the better part of five minutes now, Percy had been tapping Riptide against the door panel in a particularly irritating fashion. It wasn't unusual for him to fidget with the pen-sword absentmindedly—he had enough restless energy to power a small city for a day and therefore always seemed to be moving in some way. However the perpetual tap tap tap grated on her. She'd asked him to stop once already, and he had for a minute before he started doing it again. She'd refrained from getting angry only because it was so obviously a subconscious action—he stared out the window as trees and road signs flew by and was clearly completely unaware of what he was doing. Still, Annabeth, running on little sleep and irritable with the driving as she was, could only take so much. "Percy," she said now, "I swear to all the gods, if you don't stop that I'm going to drop you on the side of the road and make you walk the rest of the way." Percy's hand froze and he looked at her. "What?" "You're tapping Riptide again." He looked down at his hand, arm still resting on the door though still for the moment, as if noticing for the first time it was there. "Oh. Sorry." He awkwardly put the pen back in his pocket and placed his hands in his lap. He eyed her. "Are you okay?" he asked after a pause, "Want me to drive?" "No," she answered, and then amended, "Well… no. I don't care, I guess. I just want to get there already." He cocked an eyebrow, still looking at her. "Let's not stop," she told him, "I'm fine." "I know," he said, "I'm just not used to you being the restless one." "I'm just as hyperactive as you are." "Yeah, but you always handle it so much better than me; I forget sometimes." Hour Forty-Six They hit another slowdown near Berkeley and lost a few more minutes. When they finally broke free, it was about another half hour to San Francisco. Annabeth had called ahead to let her father know that they would make it to his house later in the morning and would be there for lunch after all. Hour Forty-Seven The Bay Area, as expected, was no fun to navigate through, but rush hour traffic had died down for the morning, and Annabeth was pleasantly surprised with the time they made getting through it. When the highway exit they needed finally came up, she took it gratefully. It was about a fifteen-minute drive from the interstate to the Chases', but the sprawl of the city streets was a welcome change from the miles of endless highway the two had endured almost two straight days of. Percy shook his head, looking around. "I still don't get this place," he said, "The streets make no sense." "What do you mean?" she asked. "Like, the layout of the roads and everything. In New York it's organized. It's a grid. Learn the layout and you can find your way anywhere. But here everything is just everywhere. I don't get it." "It's not that bad," she replied, "You're just not used to it. Once you're here a while, you figure it out pretty quick." A few minutes later, Annabeth pulled the Prius onto the driveway of her father's house. She wasn't sure she'd ever been so happy to see it. She shifted into park and leaned back in her seat, exhaling. "We're here," she said, relief in her own voice. "Thank gods," Percy replied. She undid her seat belt, but did not make any immediate effort to move beyond that. She looked at him. "We are not driving back and forth for every break. That's way too far to drive every few months." He agreed quickly. "We'll figure something else out." She nodded. "But we made it," he added, "Marathon two-day drive across the country together and we managed it." She eyed him now, smirking. "Were you really worried we wouldn't?" "No, but it's nice to know we can handle normal things too." She gave a laugh, pecked his lips quickly, and then opened her door. "Come on, Seaweed Brain," she said, "My dad's waiting." They got out and made their way to the front door, where Frederick Chase—and the rest of their lives—waited. Thanks for reading! For those of you waiting on updates to ongoing stories, they are coming! I have been working a lot on this and some other works in progress that you should hopefully be seeing pretty soon, but I will have new chapters for that other stuff ready ASAP.