Jason pursed his lips. He really didn't want to spend much time with this brat. "You have to take care of me. You wouldn't want me to tell me father, would you?" Jason turned away, resisting the urge to strangle the brat. Nico placed a hand on the brunette's shoulder. No one was allowed to do that. Except Nico. "Hey, take it easy," he whispered, breaking protocol for this. "Don't frazzle him. You know what happened the last time your escort got annoyed with you." Percy rubbed his side where Clarisse la Rue stabbed him. That had taken awhile to heal. Then again, he should've known to tone it down when she pulled the knife in the first place. "Just take it easy, okay? I don't fully trust Jason yet." Percy bit his lip. He trusted Nico's instincts. "I'll be good," he promised. "Hey, uh, Jason, sorry for being…difficult. Why don't you take me wherever you were going to take me?" Jason arched an eyebrow. Maybe he should thank the lanky bodyguard for whatever he said to him. "Yes, let's go," Jason mumbled, leading the way to the mall he remembered being here. Percy fell in step just behind him, with his bodyguards bringing up the rear. Jason glanced back, making sure Percy was behind him. Percy glanced around at the scenery, pointing occasionally to things, to which his bodyguards would simply smile. With each thing, Percy's smile would stretch a little wider. Jason himself found the antics annoying, but strangely…cute? Why was he thinking that? He shook his head. No, he would not give in. "Here we are," he said, holding the door open for the trio. Percy seemed a little hesitant to enter first, and only when Nico took his elbow did he enter. None of this went unnoticed by Jason. He was just a kid. Why would he be so scared to enter a building? That was one thing Jason didn't get. Sure, he was the son of the leader of a rival gang, but still, he shouldn't have been that scared. Maybe he should pay a little better attention to how the brat was feeling. With that unsettling thought, Jason entered the building. He glanced around. Percy was pressed against Nico, looking around nervously. Jason cocked his head to the side. Hmm. "Hey," he said softly. Percy nearly leapt out of his skin. "Easy now, just relax," he whispered. He gently led the brunette away from his bodyguards. "I think we've earned a treat, yeah? I'll, uh, buy you an ice cream." "Really?" Percy asked, his expression lightening considerably. "Yes please. Can I have whatever I want?" Jason debated telling him no, but one look into his sea green eyes and he couldn't. He simply nodded, because he didn't trust himself to speak in coherent sentences. "Yay," Percy said softly, doing a little dance around Jason like he had to use the bathroom, but Jason knew he was just excited. Which was strange, because he barely knew him at all. "Hey, uh, I need to…you know…" Percy trailed off, looking around. Jason didn't catch on right away. Nico seemed to know what his client needed, however, because he sauntered up and pointed a little sign above a door. Percy grinned, thanked him, and took off. Jason looked questioningly at the lanky bodyguard. He shrugged. "Potty break," he said, crossing his arms. Frank had wandered over and stood near the door, which Jason finally noticed had a little stick figure male. Of course. Maybe he should've known what the brunette needed. He felt kind of bad. "Oh, don't sulk," Nico said at last. "Percy doesn't always come out and say what he needs. Trust me, when we first started being his bodyguards, we had a hard time understanding all his needs. We had, ah, more than one accident at the start." "Bet that was interesting," Jason mused. Nico, despite still not trusting the guy, cracked a tiny smile. He could sense the tiny shift in his demeanor. "It certainly was," he replied. "For the first few weeks, one of us needed to carry a backpack with extra clothes. He was pretty good at big social events, thank god. That would've been hard to explain to his father's colleagues. It probably helped that he knew the houses, so he could find his own way. But in places he wasn't familiar with, well…" He let that thought trail off, especially since Percy was now picking his way over, grinning. "Feel better?" he asked when Percy finally rejoined them, Frank not far behind. "Uh huh," Percy said, not bothering to mention he almost didn't make it. Nico had this uncanny way of knowing. "It's um, embarrassing, to say the least," he mumbled to the blonde who was studying him curiously. He shifted uncomfortably. "Please don't say anything," he pleaded at last, looking up with traces of tears in eyes. "Let's just go." "Hey," Jason said, placing his hands on the boy's shoulders. Nico took a step forward, like Jason was going to hurt him. "It's alright. You're still a good kid, okay? It doesn't define you. Besides, I owe you an ice cream. Whatever you want, remember?" Percy sniffed and wipes his eyes, giving him a tiny, watery smile. "Sundae with sprinkles and nuts?" he asked quietly. Jason gave him a soft smile, removing his hands. Percy frowned slightly. He'd been enjoying that. "As many sprinkles and nuts as you want," he promised, leading the brunette to the ice cream stand in the middle of the mall. Maybe he was warming to the brunette. Percy wasn't really a bad kid. He was just shy and insecure. Maybe slightly full of himself, but that could very easily be a façade. He let Percy order his sundae. And yes, he did let him get as many sprinkles and nuts as he wanted. … So, that was, let's say the prologue, to this story. That ending though. Jason slightly warming to young Percy.