so confident as he acted. No, in his eyes glowed an uncertainty I had never seen before. „I`m honest with you.", the sea god said, as we sat down at the shore. „I have no idea who you are. A few minutes ago I didn`t even know you would exist someday. That`s why this is my question to you: Who are you, Percy Jackson?" It took me a while until I understood, what he meant between the lines, „You have no idea what to do, right?", I asked unbelievingly and saw, how Poseidon bit his lip. „How to deal with me." Poseidon`s grip on his trident became stronger, „That doesn`t answer my question." Nervous, I ran a hand through my hair, „I-I`m not sure. I guess we are who we are for many reasons. That doesn`t mean we know all of them." Dad looked at me from the side, but I avoided his eyes, „Wise words. I realize you`ve seen the death in the face several times, haven`t you?" I nodded, „A couple of times I really was about to go to Hades." „And...", he hesitated. „You`ve fought in the war?" Surprised I looked up, „How do you know?" He smirked, „Percy I have been living for a few millennia now. I recognize true warriors, who have experienced the battlefield. Those who have a good heart like you, carry around a sadness with themselves, that never completely disappears." At the end his voice was sad. „You trust me.", I stated. „You don`t know, if I made the right choice to save you gods. Theoretically I could be a mirage created by the fates, because there is no longer a future. You don`t know that." „I cannot imagine that.", my father answered honestly and raised an eyebrow. „We, the gods, are angels compared with our enemies. They are devils and I can`t imagine you as a devil. You don`t just look for me like an angel, but you also have the character of such a one. This much I can say about you." I shook my head, „I may be on the side of the angels, but don`t think for one second I am one of them." „You should see yourself more positive.", Poseidon clenched his free hand into a fist. „You deserve to be happy, but you have this damn pain within you, that makes me insane, Percy. I don`t want to see Sally`s son like this and if that`s the price for breaking my oath I am sorry you were born." It took me a while until I understood why that seemed so familiar. I blinked a few seconds. "Percy? Everything okay?", Dad asked, eyeing me sideways. And for the first time I looked him in the eyes, „Yes, … yes, I think so. It`s just... As I talked to you the first time in my life you have said the same. Well, the last part and I held that against you, but now I understand. I mean... At this time I didn`t know you met my future self and knew, what would happen. I`m sorry, Dad." He smiled and put an arm around my shoulders to pull me into a hug and gods, it felt good. I now finally knew why Poseidon said all these things. He knew I would understand one day. „How long is the war over in your time?", he asked as we parted. I shrugged, „Exactly two weeks." He stroked my cheek, „Then you are allowed to laugh again. A day without laugh is a day wasted. No matter how many friends you lost or how close you were to them, they would want you to be happy." Despite his words I just couldn`t smile, what Poseidon obviously noticed, because he said nothing more. „I should go home.", I said and stood up. Poseidon came with me to the elevator and I stepped into it. „Take care of yourself, Percy.", He said before the doors closed and smiled gently. „And always remember who you are. Because you may not know it, but I do: You are my son. You are a true son of the sea god." The last thing I saw were his seagreen eyes before everything around me began to blur and I hit the ground... I sat up in my bed and immediately noticed the strong smell of the ocean that crept into my nose. My father leaned in the doorway of the cabin and looked at me inquiringly, „Now you know." I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and said: „No, I understand now." Poseidon walked away from the doorframe and came up to me, „I have waited for this day for so long now, Percy. The day you would finally understand. It seems so unreal that we really talk about it now." He sat down beside me on the bed and smiled, „You know, the last thing I saw of you before the elevator doors have closed, was when you collapsed. You gave me the scare of my life." I sat up abruptly and bumped into the reading lamp that was attached on the wall over my bed for some reason. Honestly, this was the Poseidon cabin and if my siblings were like me, why the Hades was this thing here? „Ow.", I groaned and rubbed my forehead, while Poseidon laughed amused. „But at that time I had only suspicions on how clumsy you are." „Looking for new guardian angel. My former is a nervous werck.", I muttered and my father laughed even louder. And this time the corners of my mouth and then I laughed with him from the bottom of my heart. Hi, I hope you like this One Shot. I know, I should be translating the doorthat closed, but... I don`t know. At the moment I just don`t feel like it. So, what do you think of trials of Apollo? Just tell me in the comments. I`m interested in your opinions :) Bye, Laura :)