as I watch my nemesis, Perseus Jackson, come over to her. Then I watch her friend, Linear walk away and come over to the tree, being sure nobody's following her, like I told her to. I jump down, and she smiles. "So?" I say, and she rolls her eyes, "Hephaestus! The most trapped cabin at this Camp!" She exclaims "Ugh" I grumble, "Why can't she be a Minor God's child?" I say and she smirks. "Why can't You be a Minor God's Child, Mister 'son of Hephaestus'?" She continues to smirk, but I know she's jealous that she can't be in Naomi's place. Then I remember that I am Naomi's half brother, so I cheer up, and Linear's face goes angry. "Why do you want her so much?" She grumbles, " I could be your second in command!" She walks right up to me, poking me in the chest. "But you have to be in love with poor, confused Naomi!" she snaps, poking me again. My cheeks go bright red. I smirk, "You're just jealous!" I say, and it's her turn to go red. "Get her to sleep somewhere more accessible tonight, I'll be there." I order, and the Nymph walks into Thalia's tree, because, well, let's just say that Thalia always had company, and that company happened to be Linear. NAOMI P.O.V. The other kids in the Hephaestus cabin clear off a bunk from metal gadgets and contraptions, but I'm not sure if I want to sleep on it, because it feels like the whole thing is made of metal. I get a bright orange T-shirt, which says Camp Half Blood on it, and a pair of not so bloody jeans. The medics from apollo's cabin come to help my wing, which, if you didn't know, is mechanical, but connects to my body, so they weren't as much help as the other kids in the hephaestus cabin. As I show them my hoverboard, which I programmed to come to the location of a bracelet I wear, I notice how well I fit in, and that what I do isn't as much of science, than Mechanics! The other campers, including some of my new friends, Olivia, Carlos, Dylan, and a girl who is nicknamed Hammer, take me to the fire pit, but I end up sitting with Linear, who tells me why she's here. "I'm a Nymph, a spirit who lives in a tree, and every time I wasn't with you, I came up here to 're-charge' in my tree!" she explains, then invites me to come 'camp-out' with her in the strawberry fields. I say yes, and we make s'mores and sing along with the other campers, swaying to the tunes the Apollo kids play. Afterwards, we walk over to vast fields with little sprouts planted in rows, sneaking past a lady who's name is "Miss Strawberry" for some reason, and lay down in a patch of grass, falling asleep almost immediately. Dreams can be weird, like this one for example. "Naomi? Go with Kean! Leave and he won't attack the camp! Linear is with him, and she will die if you don't go with Kean! The blood would be on your hands otherwise… thebloodwillbeonyourhandsotherwisethebloodwillbeonyourhandsotherwisethebloodwillbeonyourhandsotherwisethebloodwillbeonyourhandsotherwisethebloodwillbeonyourhandsotherwise" And that's it. Then I woke up. KEAN P.O.V. Naomi was so peaceful when she slept. Her black hair was sprawled out around her, some over her face, that would puff up when she let out a breath, which made me laugh. She stirred, then moaned, and I panicked and flew into the air as fast as possible. She leaned onto her elbows, brushing her hair out of her face, turning the bottom red while at it. "Fine," she muttered, "If Kean has Linear, I have to find her, or else she'll 'run out of battery' and die!" she says, her voice raising, and my eyes light up. "You coming?" I shout down to her, and she looks up, startled. For some reason she grins, and shoots up towards me. "I've always wanted someone to fly with" she says shyly, "other than Linear! Who you captured!" she says quickly, and I shake my head no, frowning. "She's on my team, which you seemed to have joined!" I say happily, but she just stares at me, angrily. Her face looked pale and frustrated, "You're going to attack camp," she says coldly, "no matter what I do." "I bet you can change my mind, being my half sister and all," I say casually, not looking at her but knowing her face is shocked. "If I come with you, you can't hurt me or the camp," she says, crossing her arms and holding my gaze. I sigh, knowing that I only needed her on my team to help attack camp, but I see Chiron galloping towards the Fields, pulling an arrow out of his quiver and aiming it at me. He fires, and I feel like i'm moving in jello, as the arrow flies towards us at alarming speeds. "Kea-" Naomi's scream is cut short by the arrow, as she pushes me out of the way, and the arrow lodges in her chest. Then she's falling, and I rush down, still in jello, as she falls, shock and tears covering her face. With her in my arms, I touch down softly, cradling her head, as Chiron charges towards me. As Chiron gets closer, I roll out of the way, holding Naomi to me and protecting her as much as I can. Then I panic Naomi style, and hugging her to me, I jump into the air, hovering over the spot where we were, as Chiron stands there looking up at me, watches as I push upwards, and the campers watch him in horror. We all realize he might have been purposely shooting at Naomi, and I fly away, hoping to find a care center in time for Naomi- but the way she feels empty, not moving to the beat of her heart, makes me know. She's Gone.