waiting too long for this for you to sleep through it!" The new split in his lip pulsed with pain, the blood pooled in his mouth until he spit it to the floor. "I've missed you too Gramps." He lazily looked up, defiantly meeting the handsome face of Kronos, the Titan King of Time and Harvest who as it turns out was his grandfather. Kinda sucks to have so many jerks in your family honestly. The Titan laughed, a cold and dark sound filled with nothing but cold hate and malice. "I see your wit has not left you, too bad the same can no longer be said of your favor among my children." Kronos placed a hand on the wooden beam that ran along his shoulders, binding his hands with metal chains at each end. Chains ran from from either end, binding him to the wall behind him. He was left with only slight movement, enough form him to kneel or move forward slightly. The room around him was barren, solid black walls on all four sides, just before him a large metal door. Two small braziers either side of the room providing plenty of light. Kronos followed his eye, smiling darkly. "Your new home, Perseus, I do hope you enjoy it." A shaky smile found its way to the demigod's face. "I don't suppose this is for some quality family time?" "Do not worry," The sharp rasp sound of a blade being drawn reached his ears. A small dagger was waved before his face, a golden metal he did not recognize. "There will be plenty of time for us to get to know one another." ~Line Break~ The King of the Titans backed away from his grandson, now coughing from the liquid fire that had been forced down his throat. He sheathed his golden dagger, his amber eyes searching the form of the rapidly healing boy. The cruel smile he wore so often slowly finding its way back to his face, twisting the corners of his black skinned face. When the coughing subsided he spoke. "Do you know what the best thing about Tartarus is? Here time changes its ebb and flow, one day above could be a year here, or it could be the exact opposite. Our time could be infinite." He spread his arms wide, gesturing to the primordial pit that surrounded the small cell. Percy smiled, "Great... I would miss our talks." The demigod son of Poseidon chuckled to himself, drawing a frown from the Titan. "Forty-three years and yet you persist with your insolence. I would offer you a place at my side once more but I suspect you would once more turn it down. Perhaps in another decade or two." The Titan left through the metallic door as he did every single day. Chains rattled as the boy collapsed, forced to remain hanging as his bindings allowed him only to fall to his knees. The calm and borderline carefree look on his face faded away, replaced with one of a weary soul trapped in hell. As much as he would like to say the Titan was not breaking down his resolve, doing so was a broad faced lie. He closed his eyes, trying in vain to gain some form of rest, to sleep away the horrors around him. The door creaked on its hinges as it began to slowly open, his eyelids twisted tightly. Had it been another restless night already? Was he truly beginning to lose even his sense of time? Dull sea-green eyes cracked open ever so slightly, expecting to see the sandaled feet of his torturer, instead he was met with the sight of black combat boots with silver lacing. His eyes traveled up slowly, following dull grey pants to a silver shirt. Auburn hair tied into a long ponytail, falling past the figures shoulder. Pale skin of a high boned, aristocratic face of untold beauty. The silver eyes he so longed to see were missing, in their place were black irises filled with twinkling stars and vast galaxies, universes were created and destroyed in an instant in those eyes. He knew it wasn't her but the tears still fell from his eyes. "Please, please not her. Please Kronos, anyone but her." He gasped out, tears flowing heavily from his eyes as he pleaded. Thousands of years of torture he could probably take, but seeing something happen to her even once was beyond his ability to take. Just the thought of harm coming to her, of her being in the hands that evil Titan, it was almost enough to shatter him completely. The replica stepped forward, her every step as quite as an gust of wind, exactly what one would expect of a great hunter. His eyes closed as he turned his head down, tears falling freely through the cracks. A soft hand lightly grasped his chin, drawing him back up. There was a moment of silence before he slowly opened his eyes, meeting the cosmic orbs of her doppelganger. There was a surprisingly kind smile on her face as she looked at him. "Love is an amazing thing Perseus, it can empower the weak or topple the strong. You know this well, my Champion." He jerked his head away from her hands. "I don't know what you're playing at Kronos, but I swear when I get out of these chains." He spat out, pulling heavily on his bindings and causing the metallic lengths to clink together loudly. From the corner of his eye he could see the smile falter slightly on her face. "I am no Titan, Perseus, and this is no trick. This form was chosen for you, I knew it would ease your burdened heart to see her once more." "Then who-" A finger was placed on his lips, stopping him from speaking. "I am the creator and maker, mother and giver, the first and last, beginning and end. I am Chaos and you are my Champion."