"Lovins". Apparently, his depression was greatly affecting his health. Pft, no. When Will had left the room, drawing the curtain on the window-wall, Nico changed into his hospital attire. Surprisingly, not a gown but some black sweatpants and socks with a soft grey T-shirt. Will returned with lot's of syringes, generic bandages, and also some Ambrosia Salve in a jar. "These shots may hurt pretty bad, especially the ones specifically made for demigods. They're going to burn up some of your mortal blood, it'll sting for a minute but it will pass," Will seemed very cautious and concerned. Nico just chuckled (that's right, actually laughter). "I think I've felt worse." Nico gestured plainly to his still burning Werewolf claw marks. Will smiled slightly, although his eyebrows were still knit together. "Yes, I suppose so." He muttered as he began to use alcohol to disinfect a patch on both of Nico's upper arms, careful to avoid any claw marks. The mortal shots were a piece of cake. Will let him know they just had two demigod shots to give and moved around him to his other arm. Will's expression softened, trying to calm Nico as he gave the first shot, quickly placing a bandage over it. Nico took in a small hiss of breath as the stinging ensued for about fifteen seconds. It wasn't as bad as a fresh claw mark, but it was much more painful than the dull ache of the old ones. Will grabbed his hand to comfort him, careful to make it seem as casual as possible. Nico's urge to pull his hand away was strong but he fought it back, distracting himself with the pain. Nico gradually untensed and Will let go of his hand to grab the last shot. "Last one," Will said comfortingly. Will did the injection and bandage as quickly as possible. He held Nico's hand fast as the younger boy gritted his teeth. Will was a little less casual this time, moving his thumb in circles on the back of Nico's hand in a soothing manner. When the pain had subsided Nico took a moment to relish the feeling of Will's hand on his. He hadn't noticed through the pain before, but wherever the older boy's skin touched his own he felt a tingling shock. The son of sun god's hands were warm and toasty, like fire to Nico's own icy skin and it sent warmth shooting directly into his chest. To his own dismay, the tingles disappeared when Solace reached away to retrieve the ambrosia solve. "Alright, the shirt's got to go, di Angelo." Nico blushed violently, reaching down to remove his shirt. He was probably so gaunt and scarred up he looked like a ragdoll creation. Instead, to his further embarrassment, Will succeeded in calming him with his cat-call whistle,"Someone's been working out." Will winked down at him. "Shut it, Solace," Nico muttered, still embarrassed. Nico laid his arms awkwardly at his sides, holding his breath as Will reached up to address a long scratch on his collarbone. Apparently, this skin tingled a lot as well. The heat was overwhelming. If it hadn't been for Nico not wanting to look like a doofus, he probably would have fanned himself in a very 'Hazel' way. He hoped he wasn't being too obvious when Solace murmured from a stiff smile, "Gonna breathe anytime soon, Death Boy?" Nico blushed even more violently than before. "Haven't you heard, Doc? We children of the underworld don't need to breathe." Will snickered. "Sure thing, Zombie Breath," Solace continued to gently rub Nico skin. It felt almost kind. Nico rolled his eyes. " Zombie Breath? " Nico complained, "That one wasn't even good, Solace, you're losing your touch." "Eh, c'est la vie ?" Will shrugged. Nico smiled to himself, a good, genuine smile. "Whelp," Solace interjected his thoughts, "I have to go do some busy-work now but you better believe I'll be back to annoy- I mean, check on you for lunch and dinner," Nico tried not to let this make him melancholy. He smiled up at Solace who was surprised to see such an expression. "Gee, I can't wait," The sarcasm was thick but the smile was genuine. Secretly, Will knew that Nico meant it but he would never tell. Will left with a quick ' Bye, bye, Death Boy' and a joking kiss blown over his shoulder. With all that time on his hands and much less pain than before, Nico drifted off into a comfortable sleep. Just not for long. The dream had been so real, the grotesque figures all around him, the dark innards of Tartarus unfolding before him, the claws gra z ing his back… Nico shook with sobbs, pressing his palms to his eyes, hoping that maybe that would keep the tears from escaping. "Dang it, di Angelo," He heard a familiar voice, filled with worried. A pair of very strong, VERY warm arms wrapped around him. He tried to shrug them off, pressing until defeated by a quick, "Shut it, Death Boy. I'm going to hug you, get over it." "It was just a dream." Nico muttered into his hands. "Hey, you're a demigod, it happens, I've got you," Nico clenched his jaw fiercely at that. "Also, it is lunchtime anyway! Look at the glorious buffet which I have provided just for you." Will said in his best game-show voice. "You won't force me to talk about my-?" "Nico, anyone who cries that hard from a dream would have said something already if they wanted to talk. Now! Allow me to cheer you up with- Ah! What is it we have here? Chips and dip?! Oh! What's that? Pizza?" Will held all of the items up in his best Vanna White impression. Nico would later ask who Vanna White was and Will would shed a silent tear for the culture-shocked dingus. Notes: I will be updating this if I can, if I can't, I'll add on with a new post.