was looking her ex-best friend in the eye. He shifted uncomfortably, looking away from her, picking at his shirt stains and worn out jeans. Then, quicker than her tired body probably liked, she pulled him into her arms. She could feel how stiff he was beside her, trapped in her embrace. She winced internally. Of course he wouldn't want her touching him. She was being incredibly stupid, doing this. Sudden self-hatred blossomed inside her and she started to pull away. But then she was in an even tighter embrace. His embrace. He held her closer than she'd done with him, with one arm wrapped around her waist and the other tangled in her hair. He kept her there, cradling her as if trying to make her disappear into him. He put his head on her shoulder, his hair tickling her ear. They stayed that way for a while and Annabeth kept herself latched to him as well. It just felt so right , her being in his arms like this. They seemed to fit like puzzle pieces, but at the same time they just weren't supposed to. The school loner and the Student body prez? It sounded like a cliché, sappy fanfiction. Opposites like that don't mix. She held him closer, trying to get that nostalgic feeling back. Social stereotypes were what broke them before. She wouldn't let her throw him out again. Two years since freshman, and she was just starting to feel like she could breath again. Being around Percy again? That was a lungful of fresh air. When she finally pulled away (because she still knew he would never stop a hug) she still kept a hand on his shoulder, keeping him arms length. Anymore, and he might disappear like he did in school. She didn't break eye contact, and eventually he put his head down himself, rubbing the back of his neck like he always would when he was nervous or flustered. Finally, she took a moment to examine his state. His clothes, obviously work uniform. They were dirty, covered in sauce stains and smelling like dough. His shoes were worn, and his work hat sat on her nightstand. She took his chin in her hand, frowning as she got a good look at his face. That black eye was fading away, but still he had lavender bruises under his eyes. His movements were slower, but she supposed that made sense. He had probably been with her since... What happened last night? She doesn't remember anything, and that makes her panic. Think. She commands herself. You got there with Piper and Jason. You went into the kitchen and the Stolls- Her train of thought put on the break. The Stolls were never innocent. What had they put in her water? She shook off that thought (but stored it away for future use) and focused back on Percy. She put her hand on his chin and made him look up at her. "What happened last night?" She asked. She expected Percy to start talking. She really wanted to hear his voice, considering it had been two years. But she was surprised to see him shrug and pull a piece of paper and a pen out. His writing was messy, but it always had been in middle school. Found you in the backyard. She frowned, choosing to ignore the most obvious question. Yeah. She hadn't been feeling so good so she had sat down. "How did you know I was at the party? What were you doing there?" She asked. He began to quickly scribble his answer, and his tongue stuck out slightly from between his lips. Annabeth did not find that adorable. At all (shut up). I was delivering pizza, overheard some guys talking about you. Annabeth shivered when the severity of his statement sunk in. "W-what were they saying about me?" I didn't stay to listen. Went outside and found you. Took you home. She read over every word very carefully, then examined her surroundings. She was home, Percy looked sleep deprived, and she'd been on drugs. "What happened when we got home?" She asked. Percy's expression flashed back to concern, but he kept his pen away from his paper. "Percy, what happened?" She asked urgently. He rubbed the back of his head again, then grabbed her hands. She was surprised, but pleasantly so. He began to idly play with her fingers, but otherwise offered no response. She shook off her content feeling, because she had to know. "Percy." She said. His gaze travelled up to her face, and his eyes held an emotion she couldn't quite place. "Please." His hands let go of hers, but he kept his eyes on hers, searching for something. Finally, he sighed, picking up the pad and paper. As she read, she felt a hand clench over her heart. She could feel the meaning behind each word, and knew that this had been her. Scathing comments toward her mother. Insult toward her father. She saw the sadness behind Percy's gaze when she read about her pleading for him to come back. She wanted to say he was lying, too, but that would've been stupid. He knew her. He wasn't lying. When she was finally done, she put the paper back on her nightstand and placed her hands in her lap. She had been stripped in front of her ex-best friend, and he was looking at her in a way she just couldn't understand. Maybe disgust. Probably. She cleared her throat. "Thank you, for bringing me home last night. You can go now." She said, suddenly very embarrassed. When he didn't move, she looked up at him to see that he was smirking. He lifted the paper and pen, then wrote in big letters for her to see. Not a chance. Get dressed. I'll make breakfast. Before she could process what he was saying, he was up and out the door. She only smiled a little, she swears. R&R! -LHG :)