do you need?" The son of Hades frowned, "Sorry to wake you, but there's a problem on Olympus. They won't let us talk to them for some reason." Percy glanced down at Annabeth's body then sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Ok Nico. I'll be there as soon as I can. Don't try to breach the throne room until I get there, okay?" The younger demigod looked pitifully at Percy, feeling immense sorrow for the son of Poseidon. "Will do, man. And, you don't need to rush here. Handle your business over there and come when you're ready." Percy nodded, sweeping an arm through the message and cancelling the connection. "Ok, Annabeth, looks like we're going to Olympus." Nearly forty-five minutes later, Percy Jackson was on Olympus, toting the corpse of Annabeth Chase bridal style. Nico's head shot up as the elevator doors opened, shocked that Percy made it to the city of gods so quickly. "How did you get here? It took us twice your time!" Percy barely even glanced at him. "I swam here. Nearly scared a couple to death when they saw an eighteen year-old walk out of the Hudson carrying a dead body." The son of Hades looked down, staring at the deceased daughter of Athena. "Why-why did you bring her?" Percy glared down at Nico, making it clear he did not want to talk about Annabeth. The son of Hades looked up at the demigod, and for the first time, realized that Percy had been crying even more than he thought. "She deserves a proper resting place." Without waiting for a response, the son of Poseidon marched toward the large doors leading to the throne room. Still holding Annabeth, he channelled water from a nearby fountain, charging his energy before launching it into the doors, blasting them completely off of their hinges. The son of Poseidon strolled confidently into the throne room, "Hi, family. I hope you've been well." Athena stood up indignantly, preparing to berate Percy. Realizing that the body he was carrying was her daughter, she screamed, "What have you done to her?" The son of the sea god controlled some of the water he'd used to open the doors, creating ice shards and aiming them at Athena. "Take another step. I dare you." Athena sat down, and Percy gently set Annabeth on the marble floor. "Do any of you know what happened today?" The demigod waited nearly twenty seconds for an answered, but received none. He gave a loud, bitter snort. "Of course not. Why would I expect the almighty to pay attention to such mere things like their children's lives?" Apollo held out a hand to silence the angry half-blood, "What are you talking about Percy?" Percy sent a murderous glare in his direction, and the sun god sank slightly in his throne. "We were attacked. I think they were targeting me, because the minotaur was there, and the leader of this army said his master had plans for me." Zeus interrupted the demigod this time, "But you defeated your foes, correct? There is nothing else to worry about?" The son of Poseidon grimaced, looking down at Annabeth's body. "I want her put in the stars." "You realize that is asking no small feat of us," Hera protested, "it is not easy to place a body in the stars." "It was no small feat when she saved Olympus, but she did it, and now she's dead!" Percy exclaimed. Athena waved off the elder Olympian, "It will be done, Perseus. She will have a place among the constellations. Now please, continue with your story." Percy drew in a breath, collecting himself before resuming his tale. "It was very nearly a massacre. We were unprepared for battle, and their leader was stronger than anything I'd ever fought before. One of the demigods mentioned his name was Victor." Athena paled at this, but Percy didn't notice, "I had to summon more power than I ever have to fight them off, and their leader still escaped." Percy looked up at Zeus in a fiery glare. "He vanished in a flash of lightning." Zeus, however, did not look as if he knew about a child he had sired. "I have no recollection of breaking my oath. We will go into this later, however." He finished, sending a pointed look at Hera. He turned to look at the son of Poseidon. "You must have come to Olympus with a request, correct?" Percy looked down at Annabeth once again, summoning his courage before making one final request. "I want the power to prevent this from ever happening again. I want to ensure that no half-blood has the helpless feeling I just experienced." The throne room was briefly enveloped in commotion, before Zeus silenced the ten present Olympians, excluding Hestia, who was seated in her constant position at the hearth. "Perseus, if you would go outside while we come to a decisive conclusion. We will go to meet you outside." The son of Poseidon nodded slowly, trudging out of the room and back to the grouping of demigods. Nico looked up as he heard footsteps, "How'd it go?" Percy shrugged sullenly, "I guess we'll find out in a few minutes, but I think it went just about how I expected it to." The older demigod took a seat next to Nico, resting his head against the pillar and closing his eyes, preparing himself for the worst. Ten minutes passed before the Olympians walked out as a group, Zeus leading the way. "Perseus Jackson," he began, projecting his voice in all directions, "you will be an immortal." So yeah. I think that was a good first chapter. I'll try to make chapters longer after this, just to be nice. There won't be a Percy pairing in this story, because his girlfriend literally just got put in the stars and now she'll be able to watch his every movement. SO, uhh read and review, and have a nice year. LTS