just two friends, having fun. Percy acted like such a doofus, and it made his heart flutter. Nico had to catch himself at more than one point so he didn't kiss Percy. It was still a good time. Nico took him to all of his personal favorite spots, the ones he remembered. It was weird, walking around. So much had changed, but it was still Venice. It was still His City. Just like New York was Percy's. Venice was his home. By the time it was time to go, they had been to only a quarter of Nico's favorite spots. "Next time," he promised Percy. Percy gave him an odd look. "You mean… You want me to come here? Again?" The disbelief in his voice made Nico snort into his hazelnut-chocolate gelato. Percy had gotten some blue colored gelato, and it was all over his face. Nico handed him a napkin, and Percy viciously wiped at his face. He tried not to snort. "Of course. You still have to show me New York, and Hazel likes it when I'm around people. So, duh." Nico felt a smile stretch across his features. "You're pretty good company, Percy." Percy smirked. "Well, duh!" They chuckled, Nico trying to ignore the golden fluttering in his chest. "So, I figured I'd just drop you off then come back here or something-" "No," Percy interrupted. "You're not isolating yourself again. Stay at camp for a bit. Please? I don't like the thought of you spending so much time alone. I'd like to keep an eye on you, for at least a little while." His eyes shone bright with hope. "Please?" Nico sighed, looking at the water. It always began with water, didn't it? This entire experience had began with water, no, beyond that. Percy was water. And Nico couldn't resist him. He nodded. "Sure, whatever." He pulled Percy inside the house. A lot of progress had been made, but he had a lot to do. "Ready?" Percy nodded. "Ready." And then they were at camp, and Nico was on the ground. He had done a complete faceplant, getting a mouth full of dirt. Nico quickly got up, brushing himself off. Percy stood next to him, taking in the site of kids training, the smell of sweet strawberries. Unlike Nico, Percy seemed right at home among people. "Camp, sweet camp!" Percy grinned. "Come on, let's go tell Chiron we're back and that you're staying." Percy grabbed his hand, and Nico followed him. Just as he always would. In the end, Nico ended up staying at camp every summer, teaching swordplay and Greek, along with any other languages the campers wanted to know. He discovered he had an affinity for languages, and reveled in it. After five years at the camp teaching, he had learned the basics of most of the Romance languages, if not beyond, and was on his way to learning more. In the autumn of every year he would head to Camp Jupiter to spend a few months with Hazel and Frank. It didn't hurt California was beautiful in the fall, but so was New York. He ended up visiting Camp Half-Blood often, whether it was for an emergency or a pleasure visit. In the winter he'd stay in the Underworld for the most part, although he'd drop in at the camps whenever he pleased. Hades was always on his back, but they'd come to an uneasy truce. Nico knew that Hades preferred Bianca. He did too. But they were what they had, and they had a closer relationship than most of demigods to their parents. There were days where they had to get away from each other, and those days sometimes turned into weeks, and once, almost a year. But his favorite time of the year the spring. He spent it in Venice, working on his house and just enjoying life. Percy would visit him when he could, and Nico sometimes brought friends home. Venice was his calm place, his sacred place. Nico was content there. He wasn't fully alone. He knew that now, but he still struggled to keep that in mind all the time. He still had his bad days. Hazel and Frank had twins, a boy and a girl, named Emily Mary-Louise and Martin Seth Zhang. They were both beautiful children, nearing their second birthday. Emily was his godchild, and he found himself visiting New Rome more and more to see his niece and nephew. He adored them, and Hazel and Frank used that adoration to get him to babysit and visit them more. Annabeth and Percy got married two years ago, and Annabeth was pregnant. He was surprised they had waited so long, but he was glad for it. He had time to prepare himself. Nico had made himself go to the wedding, and tried not think about how he should have been the one walking down the aisle to Percy. For the most part, he contained his affections. He even had had a serious boyfriend for almost three years before they broke up. He had come out slowly, starting with Hazel and going from there. They were all pretty cool with it, although Leo still made jokes about it. He never stopped making jokes, and Nico didn't mind. It made him feel more relaxed. Once they knew, he started making more and more bonds with people. It was good for him. But Percy was always there, always in his heart, and he always would be. Nico knew it. But he was content with that. He had made his peace. So when Percy invited him to a reunion with the Seven, Nico didn't even have to think. He said yes, and when he got there, he was happy. He hung out with his niece and nephew and his friends. He even played some volleyball. In all, it had been a good Beach Day. I hope you enjoyed, and please leave a review if you have any requests, comments, or concerns.