queen said that he wasn't dangerous. I don't know how. She said it was required by the law for him to be a prisoner." "Weird." Annabeth sighed. "There's actually numerous ways he would be a prisoner just because of the law. He might not be so bad after all. Just give him a chance. I mean, Luke used to be a prisoner, but he proved himself when he sacrificed his life on that quest." "Yeah," I said. Annabeth deeply exhaled. "Well, you need to pack as much as you can. I don't think the prisoner can pack, since he's in the holding cells and all. What's his name?" I shrugged and sat back in my seat. "I don't know, they never told me." "And you never even bothered to ask for his name?" Annabeth arched an eyebrow. "Well, I was too overwhelmed by the fact that I was going on this quest with only a prisoner!" I gesticulated wildly with a pout. Annabeth punched me playfully in the side of the head with a small chuckle. "You're such a seaweed brain." I could only roll my eyes in response. Annabeth smiled at me in amusement. "Well, anyway. If that prisoner can't pack, then you're going to have to pack for him. As in, enough food for him, some shelter for him, and I don't think you'll need a weapon for him. Jeez, Percy, you should've asked more about this prisoner instead of expecting me to have all the answers." "Hey, you are wise girl." I smirked. That also resulted in another punch to the head. Annabeth laughed. "You are so stupid. We should really start packing. Well, not me, you need to start packing." I sighed. "Yeah. So, where should I start?" "Well," Annabeth began, mentally through running the list of items I need for the quest, "you'll need food for the both of you. Shelter for the both of you. You can most likely get firewood from out there. You'll need some potions to heal yourself while you're out there, like maybe nectar or ambrosia. You'll need a map to know where to go. I have one for you, since not many maps show Hecate's tower on there. Maybe you'll need a change of clothes also, in case some blood gets on it. I don't know what the prisoner will bring, but bring some stuff for him in case." I nodded. "Yeah, thanks, Annabeth, You really are the best, you know that?" Annabeth flicked me in the forehead and chuckled. "Oh please. Stop with the flattering, you need to get ready. I'll be seeing you again, right?" "Of course." I grinned at her. "I'm not planning on dying, you know." "You better not," Annabeth returned the smile. It was the morning now. My father always left early to the palace. He was a general, so he had more work to do than me. "Good luck, Percy," My mother smiled at me, pecking a kiss onto my cheek. "Are you sure you're prepared?" I nodded. "Yeah, I'm, positive. I had Annabeth help me last night and everything." My mother laughed, lightening the mood. "Of course you would get her help. Be careful, alright? Don't do anything careless like you would normally do." "Wow, thanks for the encouraging words, Mom." I rolled my eyes, sarcasm dripping from my voice. My mother smiled at me again. "Just saying. But, do be careful, alright?" I nodded with a smile plastered on my face. "Got it, Mom. I'll see you later, okay?" My mother nodded. "Of course, Percy." "Are you ready, Perseus?" The queen asked me when I arrived at the throne room. "As ready as I can be." I smiled. The queen smiled back and nodded. "Bianca, lead him the way to where"-She paused and took a deep breath-"to where the prisoner is." The princess nodded. "Okay, Mom." She stepped down the few steps that lead up the thrones, holding up part of her dress so she wouldn't step on it. "You sure you're ready, Percy? That's what everyone calls you, right?" The princess questioned me. "Of course." I replied. The princess slightly laughed as she opened one of the double doors. "Oh please, drop the formalities. You know, being part of the Gods class is tiring." I chuckled and raised an eyebrow, closing the door for her. "Really?" She nodded. "Yeah, call me Bianca by the way." "Okay, Bianca," I said as she led me to the back of the palace. Bianca smiled at me. "That's more like it." "Hey, I've been meaning to ask you guys," I started. "Why do you guys seem to not like talking about the prisoner that's coming with me on this quest?" Bianca stopped in her tracks and sighed. I stopped right next to her and glanced at her, but she seemed to be staring down at the ground. "I'm not allowed to say," Bianca sorrowfully said. "Maybe, just maybe, the prisoner will tell you." She opened another set of double doors, but they weren't as tall as the ones that led into the throne room. We were outside now, and there was a light tan path that led into the forest. "I have another question for you," I said as she led me to the end of the light tan path. "What's the prisoner's name?" She stopped in front of a man who was leaning against a nearby tree. He wore a black cloak and black clothing. His clothing was full of blood and rips, and he had a shiny, black sword that hung by his hip. He had shaggy, messy black hair and olive skin. His eyes were dark brown, and they were so full of malice. A skull ring was on one finger on his left hand. "Nico," he suddenly said. "What?" I hesitantly asked. "You wanted to know what my name was, right?" He glanced at me, shoving his hands into his pockets. "My name's Nico. The prisoner you were talking about."