arms around Percy, fresh tears spilling down onto her cheeks. Somewhere within, Percy found the strength to continue. " Oh well, I guess, we're gonna pretend" "Focus on the positive things," Annabeth whispered, and so Percy did. "Let's see how far we've come" 'Annabeth," he thought. "Let's see how far we've come" 'Jason and Grover.' "It's gone, gone, baby, it's all gone" 'Piper and Leo.' "There's no one in the corner and there's no one at home" 'Frank and Hazel.' "It was cool, cool, it was just all cool" 'Nico and Will.' "Now it's over for me, and it's over for you" 'Reyna and Thalia.' "It's gone, gone, baby, it's all gone" 'Mom and Paul.' "There's no one in the corner and there's no one at home" 'Camp, campers and Chiron.' "It was cool, cool, it was just all cool" 'Unity between the camps.' "Now it's over for me, and it's over for you" 'Heck, even the gods now they're back to normal.' Percy turned to Annabeth with a grin, before turning back to the crowd, motioning for them to dry their eyes. "Focus on the positives!" Annabeth shouted. "I believe the world is burning through the ground Oh well, I guess, we're gonna find out Let's see how far we've come Let's see how far we've come I believe it all is coming to an end Oh well, I guess, we're gonna pretend Let's see how far we've come Let's see how far we've come" As Percy finished, Annabeth, and then the rest of the crowd joined in. Percy bowed and made his way off stage, but didn't notice Annabeth stay behind. He turned around to say something to her, and then saw her waving at him from the stage. He turned around to protest, and but Apollo waved him off. "I couldn't let you have the last word, could I?" Annabeth teased him. Percy sighed, and decided to wait on the side of the stage next to Apollo. "I had a dream the other night" Annabeth sang. "About how we only get one life Woke me up right after two, stayed awake and stared at you So I wouldn't lose my mind And I had the week that came from hell And yes I know that you could tell But you're like the net under the ledge When I go flying off the edge You go flying off as well Percy chuckled, for this had a literal meaning as well as a metaphorical one. "And if you only die once I want to die with "You got something I need In this world full of people There's one killing me And if we only die once, I want to die with you" "Be careful what you wish for Annabeth," Percy muttered darkly. "The way our lives work, we just might." Hazel, who was standing next to him, elbowed him. "Percy Jackson, remember what you just said about a positive attitude?" "You sound like my mom," Percy grumbled. She grinned at him while Annabeth continued. "You got something I need In this world full of people There's one killing me And If we only die once I wanna die with you "Last night I think I drank too much" Percy and Annabeth both started laughing, because the previous night Sally had let them have a few drinks (even though they were underage) to celebrate the engagement. He hadn't ever drank before, and it was only Annabeth's second time, (saving the world most definitely requires you to be sober, and so does basically running Camp Half Blood) so even after a few drinks, they were a bit tipsy. "Call it our temporary crunch With broken words I tried to say Honey, don't you be afraid If we got nothin' we got us "And if you only die once I wanna die with "You got something I need In this world full of people There's one killing me And if we only die once I wanna die with you" "Youuu, youuu, you-ooh-ooh," Apollo chimed in with the backup singing. "You got something I need In this world full of people There's one killing me And if we only die once" "Hey!" Apollo sang again. "I wanna die with you "I know that we're not the same But I'm so damn glad that we made it To this time, around, yeah "You got something I need I this world full of people There's one killing me And if we only die once I wanna die with "You got something I need I this world full of people There's one killing me And if we only die once I wanna die with you! "If we only live once I wanna live with you" Annabeth ran offstage into Percy's waiting arms. "I love you Wise Girl," he whispered. "I love you too," she said back, and he kissed her. And that's the end! Thanks for reading, I hope it wasn't too long! That last song was inspired by this YouTube clip. watch?v=CrsbqH4b6xE List of songs, as promised. They're only the ones I wrote the lyrics for. If I got any lyrics wrong let me know. Song 1-Dear Future Husband- Meghan Trainer Song 2-All Of Me- John Legend Song 3- Shut Up and Dance- WALK THE MOON (I tried to add some of my own lyrics. It kinda failed. Oh well) Song 4- Fire and the Flood- Vance Joy (Also changed some of the lyrics. I think this one worked better...or not) Song 5- Lucky- Jason Mraz (Though I used the glee cast version) Song 6- Fly- Nicki Minaj ft. Rihanna (Yes I changed the swear word) Song 7-My Songs Know What You Did in The Dark- Fall Out Boy Song 8-Gives You Hell- All American Rejects Song 9-How Far We've Come- Matchbox Twenty Song 10-Something I Need- One Republic There were another few songs that give me the Percabeth feels, but I couldn't fit them in. Maybe I can work them into another fanfiction?