walked into school, I did not expect to see Rachel be at school earlier than me. "Annabeth!" A voice I knew too well yelled behind me. My head whipped around to see her and I smiled looking at the red haired, green eyed girl in front of me, who was my best friend. Rachel Elizabeth Dare had definitely changed over the summer. She had at least grown about two inches, making her five foot seven. Her wild, fiery, red hair, had gotten even redder than it was, and more freckles dotted her face than before because of the summer's heat. The solid colored green shirt she was wearing made her eyes stand out, and random colors of paint dotted her jeans. "Oh, my gods! Annabeth, I missed you so much!" Rachel squealed. I was surprised when she gave me a bone crushing hug, but I returned the gesture. There were questions surrounding my mind, I was trying to figure out a way to tell her about the truth or dare game that we played at the bonfire, yesterday. "I missed you," I told her. "I missed you, too. Where's Thalia and Piper?" Rachel asked, her green eyes still shining bright with curiosity. I had no idea where Piper went after the bonfire, so she could have been just running late. It was killing me not to tell Rachel about what happened, we had told each other, everything . I had kept quiet when she asked where Thalia was, and I had mumbled an answer telling her I didn't know where. We continued to talk for a few more minutes about our summer, and the people we met. While we were talking, in the corner of my eye, could see spiky black hair with a blue streak. Thalia . Rachel gasped in surprise, a smile brightening her features. "Thalia!" Rachel exclaimed. Rachel opened her arms, a gesture clearly stating that she wanted a hug from Thalia. They hugged for a few seconds before separating, and I was faced to look at Thalia's electrifying blue eyes. I took in a sharp breath, and smiled at her, so Rachel didn't know about our fight. "Hey, Rachel, I have something to tell you. Yesterday night," Thalia started. Thalia didn't have time to finish her sentence because I interrupted her, "Rachel, is it okay if Thalia and I talk for a moment, alone ?" I asked. I saw the sudden hurt in Rachel's eyes, which made me feel guilty. "Uh, sure, you guys go, I'll see you later," Rachel said, before smiling weakly. I grabbed Thalia's arm and pulled her away to a faraway distance where Rachel couldn't hear us. My backpack weighed me down as I walked, but I still tried to stand tall, prideful. I stared at her with an angry look on my face as I crossed my arms. Thalia stared at me innocently like she wasn't about to say anything. I glared at her, and Thalia stiffened. "What do you think you're doing?" I hissed at her. "What do you mean? I wasn't doing anything," Thalia replied, but the glint in her eyes said otherwise. "Yes you were, you were about to tell her about," I couldn't finish my sentence because Thalia cut me off. "About what? About that you plan to break her boyfriend's heart?" Thalia snapped. I stayed quiet and Thalia gave me a glare. "Thalia you don't understand, Drew just wants to," I started. "Drew just wanted to what? Annabeth, I'm not stupid, why'd you choose dare anyway?" Thalia asked me. I was speechless, I didn't have an answer for her, and Thalia just snarled and left me standing there in shock of her words. I stood there for a few minutes trying to comprehend her words. "Why'd you choose dare anyway?" Thalia's words wrung in my head like a loud bell trying to get me to wake up. It was like she had shocked my insides with her words. It wasn't true, I didn't like what was happening as much as she did. She knew that I didn't like it, she had to. If Thalia didn't know that, something must have been wrong. If she didn't know that I didn't like it as much as she did, somebody was probably pretending to be her because my best friend knew everything about me. I knew I was standing there for a few minutes before the bell rang, shocking me out of my reverie. What's wrong with me? And, that's about it! I felt like I should have split this into two chapters. I did at first, but then I couldn't help myself and give you guys a little more. I know the characters were really OOC in this chapter. If you have a tip that can help me not make my characters so OOC, just leave a review. Please, leave a review if you'd like, and I accept constructive criticism. I take it as a chance to make my work better and more interesting. If you thought my story was bad and have something that might make it better, leave a review, it'd really help. If there is something that you think you can change about my story, I'd be glad to change it for you. I will answer to your reviews, and you are probably thinking, "ANOTHER STORY?" I promise you that this isn't just one of those, " it all started with a dare ," stories. Usually, every person who has ever said I promise you it won't be that cliché, will probably make it as cliché as possible. Just joking about the last sentence, some cliché stories can be really interesting. I have a plot twist waiting for you guys, but you'll have to wait at least wait more than a lot of chapters first. Yep, I have a bunch of ideas for the story written down and I plan to make this as interesting as it can get. Have a great day, my darlings!