out. "Jak! Help us!" I turned to see an entire Cohort of Romans. Too many for even us to fight. Grabbing my sword, I did the stupidest thing of my life. I charged into battle with Shay by my side, he bow taking out our enemies one on one as she ran along the outside of the battle. I had again let my insticts take over, my new power helping me do what I was doing. It was like my godly parent was helping me, like this was her way of claiming me even if I didn't know who she was. I wove in and out of my physical form. Appearing somewhere, and striking out with a dagger and sword, taking on a lot of enemies, but I could soon feel myself weakening. I was a good warrior, and this new burst of power was helping, but we were still hideously out matches. And Thunder was nowhere to be seen. That was, until I heard him roar. I knew it was Thunder. He always roared before he charged into battle. It was actually really scary if you were on the wrong side. But something was different. He wasn't alone. He charged in, an automaton warrior alongside him as he fought. It had a spear that it used to easily take out romans, with a precision past that of any mortal or demigod. And soon, we began to push them back. We weren't winning. I was weak now, I could barely manage to deflect the blows coming at me, but I didn't stop. I kept fighting as best as I could, trying to push back the Romans with all my strength. And eventually, they retreated. "Jak, how did you do that thing?" Thunder asked, raising an eyebrow "I don't know... wait, where were you? I had to first take on some sort of golden swordsman, then fight the Romans. Everything's kinda hazy." I complained. Then I passed out. This time, I dreamt I was in a cave. This cave was full of spirits, moving around restlessly, trying to escape into the mortal world as fast as they can. In the midst of all these restless spirits, there was a woman. Looking at her was confusing, because it looked kind of blurry, as if you were seeing to different people at once. She was both angelic, and beautiful beyond compare, and demonic, with darkness inside of her. She was a goddess. She was my mother. I knew it. I don't know how. But I knew it. "Jak, i am Melinoe. Your mother. Goddess of ghosts. I am sorry, but you shall never return to camp until you have made your own." Then I woke up. Waking up in a tent with a 12 year old girl I didn't know kind of weirded me out. I was covered, and had obviously been healed since the battle. Yet, there was a young girl with a bow slung over her shoulder, which was the person who had probably healed me. "Who are you?" I asked, wondering where my weapons were in case I had to fight my way out. "With the hunters of Artemis." She replied, staring at me coldly. "Aren't you guys supposed to hate males, though?" I asked, immediately wishing I had just kept my mouth shut. "We showed up to save the girl. Not to save you." She retorted. Ignoring her, I rose from where I lay, and I stretch. "So, where's my weapons?" I asked finally asked her. "They'll be returned to you whenever Zoe sees fit." The Hunter said, anger creeping into her voice. Sighing loudly, I then left. I walked out of the tent, muttering to myself about how I'd like to shove her quiver somewhere. Then I stopped. I wasn't undetermined anymore. I knew who my mother was. I stood still in the middle of the Hunter's camp, smiling dumbly to myself for a few minutes, before I finally got my bearings. As soon as I had recovered, I headed for the command tent. As I opened the tent flap, and stepped in, I heard it. "I pledge myself to Artemis." Shay said, finishing the oath. She was now a Hunter of Artemis. "NO!" I yelled, not sure what this would mean for our quest. "You traitor. We need you!" A young girl, no older than twelve stepped forward. "Quiet, boy. She has made her decision. Do not disrespect my Hunters." It was Artemis. "I'm sorry, milady.." I said, "But we are currently on a quest. She cannot leave us." "We shall aid your quest. The Hunters have a score to settle. " Artemis replied, then in a flash of light, I was gone. I was back in my normal clothes, my sword and dagger sheathed. I now stood overlooking the Roman camp, Thunder beside me. Then we charged. We didn't say a word to each other, we just knew we were going to fight. The Roman camp was huge, with soldiers rushing here and there, more tents and weapons and so much more than I had ever seen in one place. It was likely that we would be destroyed by the Romans, before we ever got to the Dragon in the center of their camp. We didn't care. We charged in, taking down any who got in our way, Thunder demolishing them with his hammer, or I would slice them apart with my blade. I felt unstoppable, becoming ethereal and avoiding a few attacks, then becoming solid and taking out enemies by surprise. We soon reached the thing we were meant to kill. The Dragon. It was all too easy, the Romans let us get this far. Then it happened. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the arrow. It was perfectly shot, and it did the one thing I didn't think was possible. It killed Thunder. It was a Hunters arrow. And it killed my best friend. I was alone in a Roman camp.