reminds me that all power comes great responsibility. That sword shows that even a mortal can bring down immortals.* he said. The whole room was silent at that. "Its..not wrong you know." said Annabeth. The gods looked at Annabeth with raised eyebrows. "What do you mean Daughter?" asked Athena. "I am saying that many times you take your power for granted. However many times you have nearly been over thrown. Multiple times mortals were keys in those near defeats." she said with a near sob. Percy hugged her tightly knowing she was speaking of Luke. "That is why I do not take my power for granted." said Hades. EVERYONE looked at him. "After the damage that the wielder of The Shadow Sword did I never took my power for granted. I kept most of my powers to myself not showing them to the world not openly throwing it in other peoples faces." he said. The gods tried to defend their actions but all knew that they DID throw their power in others faces even other gods. As everyone was thinking about this Athena slowly began to read once again. Nico looked at the picture and heard a distant voice in the back of his head. ' Remember….remember…' Nico shook his head and looked around. Did he just imagine that or was it real? He decided it was just his imagination. He looked at D and asked one last question. "D…who are you really?" he asked. D floated over and looked at Nico and was silent for a minute before it spoke again. *I was once a brilliant child of Hades…one that craved knowledge and wanted to understand the mysteries of the world…I was…arrogant…young and….foolish…I…I…I went to far one day….last mistake I ever made…I was destroyed by my own arrogance thinking I could handle the power that I attempted to understand.* it said in a small voice. Despite their feelings of distrust of this mechanical being many of the demigods felt sorry for him. They could understand some of what the device said and some *Annabeth* could understand that pride can lead to defeat. Athena continued on reading. Nico was silent for a moment before looking at D. "I…I am sorry about what happened…listen I have to go soon I will come back." Nico said. As he was walking out of the room he looked back and saw D floating around the room looking at pictures and books. Nico shook his head and walked out closing the secret door. He laid down on his bed once again and closed his eyes. ~He was in a dark forest with black purplish mist floating around him. Nico stumbled around looking back in forth. "HEY ANYONE OUT THERE!" he cried out. Suddenly he heard a faint wind and whisper…like a snake with a human voice mixed with a voice like Kronos mixed with Darth Sidious from Star Wars speaking silently. " Remember the power…remember the power…you..will aid…my…return…..soon….soon….rest now little brother…..soon…soon…soon". The mist suddenly swirled around Nico suffocating him.~ The whole room was silent. Hades was pale as could be and Hazel and Percy looked sick with worry. "What…what was that?" asked Thalia. "That was a nightmare of sorts but it sounds much like my visions that I had with Kronos." said Percy in a stern small voice. "Hades do you know anything about this..voice?" asked Zeus. Hades was truly confused. 'Was it merely a nightmare? Than who was that?' thought Hades. Hades looked up at Zeus and spoke truthfully. "I don't know who that is it is most likely a normal nightmare of sorts." he said. Athena continued to read. Nico awoke in his bed sweating and panting like crazy. He looked around wildly and when he knew no one was there he calmed down a bit. He did not dare go back to sleep in fear of returning to that dark forest. This was not the first time he had been to that forest but it was the first time someone spoke to him. He put on his clothes and grabbed his sword and he shadow traveled to the one place he felt excepted by others…his sisters home. "Thats the end of the chapter." said Athena. As she closed the book a bright flash of light appeared and when it died down much to Hades, Hazels, Percy's and Thalia surprise stood Bianca Di Angelo in her hunters out fit. "Where am I were is Zoe and Thalia?" she said looking around when she saw the gods she bowed. "Lady Artemis your alright we were on are way to save you." said Bianca. Everyone was silent until Percy slowly stood up and walked over to Bianca. "Bianca do you remember me?" asked Percy. Bianca turned and gasped. "Percy..but..your so…so…older!" she said with shock. Suddenly a note flew down to Artemis. She picked it up and began to read it. "Dear gods and demigods we have brought Bianca Di Angelo from the past to read this story. Don't tell her of what happens to her or her brother nor their father or mother. She will be the one to read the next chapter." Artemis read. "Whats wrong? What happens to me and Nico what happened to my little brother." Bianca said with her eyes wide. "Bianca just..sit down and we will explain after we read the next chapter." said Thalia slowly. Bianca sat down next to Percy and Thalia. After introducing each other to them she opened the book and began to read the next chapter. There we go the beginning of my story The Shadow Lord. Understand that this story has ALOT of death and destruction and sadness and only a few people coming back from the dead. Bianca is the first one so yes this story is all about dear Nico Di Angelo so I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. I will be focusing on this and my Harry Potter story *most likely this one* So hope you enjoy it. PEACE OUT!