to him though. He had just killed eleven innocent civilians. He had had them shot, and right this minute Smith and Brown were 100 metres away burying them. He had killed before, but in the military – it had always been in battle, that had made it honourable. When he had worked for the company, at least he could tell himself that the world was better off without the people he killed. Now he could do neither. He admitted that he hadn't joined BOLT for the most noble of reasons – more money, more power and more prestige, it was about as selfish as it got. But the whole time he had assumed he was still serving his country, trying to make it a better place, now as he sat in the snow he wasn't sure. Eleven people were dead for some sort of moving rock in the ground – and the worst part was that the worst was yet to come. He hadn't even gotten to the nasty part of his job yet. He glanced at his watch. 7:28pm, two minutes till the package arrived. By the time the ground started rumbling, Smith and Brown had finished their dirty job and had returned to the odd patch of snow. Now all three of them took a step back. 90 seconds to go. The rumbling increased, the snow began to churn. 60 seconds. Steam began to rise from the patch. Steven took another step back. 30 seconds. Snow began to turn to water. 10 seconds. A dark shadow appeared in the water. 5 seconds. The shadow grew larger. 4. 3. 2. Steven swore he saw the outline of a man. 1. 0. BOOM! Boiling water erupted three metres into the air, spraying across the snow with an angry hissing sound. As the geyser stooped Steven moved forward to see the body of a teenage boy floating face down in the pool of water – somehow unburnt. He was naked except for the tattered remains of an orange t-shirt and in his right hand he appeared to be clutching a cheap pen. What the actual fuck, Steven thought, he had seen a lot of strange things throughout his career, but this most certainly topped them all. How could the body not have decomposed at all? It was impossible. Unless it were alive? But that was more impossible. For a moment Steven wondered if it actually as an alien, but he quickly pushed that thought aside. "Smith, get him out of the water, check for life. Brown, grab a cart and put him on it. We may need to rush him to the helicopter for life support." He issued the instructions rapid fire as he dashed for the helicopter himself, preparing to undertake the least forgivable action of the day if not his life. Retrieving the briefcase from before he removed the detonators and stashing them in his left breast pocket before looking up to see Brown wheeling the cart back onto the helicopter, body on top. "He appears to be very much alive, breathing, pulse, the whole lot – unconscious though, maybe a coma?" brown theorised as he locked the cart in place. "Good work," Steve said. "Here take this", he said holding the briefcase out to him. "go back to the place we recovered the body from and drop this in there. You too Smith" he said gesturing to the other man. As soon as Brown left the helicopter he withdrew a controller from the right breast pocket. As soon as he pressed a button, the helicopter's rear door closed and the rotors began to turn. At least the helicopter doesn't have a pilot Steven thought. The sound of the helicopter taking of attracted the attention of Brown and Smith as they realised too late what was going to happen. Well If I wasn't going to hell before I was sure as hell going to now, Steve thought. He took the detonator out of his left breast pocket. It was one thing to kill civilians, but countryman? Could it be justified? He knew It couldn't. But it was too late. 'For King and Country' he thought. He was committed. The helicopter was well up into the sky now. He could see Smith and Brown trying to run away but he was sure all three of them knew it was futile. He didn't blame them though. He would have tried the same thing. 'For King and Country'. He lifted up the detonator and uncapped the safety. Smith and Brown were still running but from the helicopter the Canadian wilderness looked remarkably peaceful – innocent to the violence of before. How could he kill again at such a tranquil moment? 'For King and Country'. As he looked down away from the scene below he filled his mind with images of his country. As he pressed the button he thought to himself, I hope my country understands. There was a delay of several seconds before he felt the shockwave of the explosion. The helicopter was thrown from its path, the machine seeming to fall for several seconds before the devices remote pilot - sitting in his office somewhere in Langley or Washington, got his act together and righted it. He looked out through the window to the countryside below obliterated, flames flaring and spreading across the landscape – and all traces of what had lay there before obliterated. As he turned once again to examine the body – the mysterious target which had caused so upturned his life, he saw the twitch. It was minute, just one finger moving a couple of millimetres. But it was there. He saw it. It could not be denied. And then the boy opened his eyelids revealing the most mesmerising set of golden eyes. Author's Note: I am making a conscious effort to improve my A/N to story ratio so I'll keep it brief. Hope you enjoyed the foreword. Review or PM any requests, questions or ideas.