said and bellowed, "Spectators, today's match has been cancelled and rearranged so that Percy Jackson may fight the Beast Hunters!" The crowd cheered and a gate opened at the far end of the arena. Then stepped out the Beast Hunters. "Not what I expected," I murmured as they brandished their weapons. "Anna," Grim said in a gruff voice. She disappeared in an instant and I remembered what Revan had said. I side stepped as she tried to get my sword and moved my sword down near the floor and Anna's legs hit the flat of the blade as she made another run. She yelled as she flew through the air and landed on the ground nearby. She got up as her team ran forward. I dodged Allison as she flew down to me and I blocked Grim's strike. I sidestepped Eric's attack, but his axe hit the ground and it exploded. "Oh right, explosive blade," I thought a chunks of stone struck me. I stumbled back and Allison flew at me, then up. The sudden gust of wind propelled me up and she flew back down, cutting my arm. I fell back to the ground and got up with a groan as I held my wound. I rolled to the side as Grim struck down with his sword which was on "fire." I jumped over him and shot both blue and red fire from my arms that went straight into his neck. He fell over with a grunt and got back up, but looked around, confused. "Grim Locken," I asked and he looked at me. "Who are you," he asked, but suddenly Allison swooped down to attack me. I dodged and Grim did the same. "Allison, what's wrong with you," he yelled, but she attacked him again. I noticed a burnt device on his neck and took it off. "I think they're being controlled by these things on their necks," I said and he nodded. He charged at Eric and tackled him, then ripped the device off of his neck. "What, Grimlock what's going on," Eric asked as he got up. "Everyone's being controlled by these things on their necks," Grim said as he held up the device and crushed with his fingers. "I'll get Anna and Rick, you and your friend get Allison," he said and we both nodded as Eric grabbed Anna as she ran at him, then threw her at Rick. I grabbed onto Allison's leg as she flew down. She tried to kick me off her, but I held on tight. Suddenly, Grim grabbed her other leg and held her down as I took the device off her neck. "What, where are we," she asked, "Grim, what happened?" "We got trapped down here, this kid here saved us," he said. She flashed a smile at me and we all heard a crash. We looked over to see Eric smash Rick and Anna together, crushing the devices on their necks. "OW," they yelled, "What was that for?!" We all heard clapping and saw Tartarus walk over to us. "You have won Perseus, a deals a deal," he said and snapped his fingers. Suddenly, we were all healed up and together. "So mind explaining to us who you are," Grim asked. I explained to them everything that had happened over the years and what had happened to them. "Those gods will pay," Eric said. "So how do we get back to Revan," Allison asked. I took out the spray bottle and sprayed a mist of water, then moved to see a rainbow and tossed the drachma in. "Oh Iris, goddess of the rainbow accept my offering and show me Revan at Detroit Beta," I said and Revan appeared. "I was wondering when you'd be done," he said and snapped his fingers. Suddenly, the golden portal appeared and we walked through. We reappeared on the island city and saw Revan nearby. "Ah, Grimlock it's good to see you," Revan said and shook hands with him. "Wait, you know him," I asked and they nodded. "Revan's tipped us off on monster activities in exchange for locations of demigods not yet found," Allison said. "Yes well I suppose Perseus told you of our revolution," he asked and they all nodded. "We can't help now, to many wounds to heal," Grim said, "Both physical and mentally, but we will soon enough." "Then let one of my servants show you the way to your new home," Revan said and a young woman led them off, but suddenly Anna ran back. "Thanks again for saving us," she said while blushing and jumped up, kissed my cheek and ran back to her team. I blushed and Revan laughed. "Seems you got an admirer," he said and I blushed crimson. "Well servants, huh," I said and he glared at me. "Well I don't treat them like slaves, they serve willingly," he said, "Fans do that for some reason." "Well I hope I get some fans," I said. "You already got one called Anna," he said and I blushed again. "Come on, let's go find some more allies," he said and we walked back to his home. Done Percy: Whoa that was awesome Me: Thank you Anna: Do I get to be with Percy? Percy: *Blushes* Me: I don't know, still wondering about that, oh and I need some OCs ACCEPTING OCs Name: Age: Gender: Species: (If you want to be other than human) Godly Parent: (If not a demigod then state what it is) Weapon: Powers: History: (If you want to write about him or her) Pet: (If you want one) Faction: (Gods, Chaotic Legion, or Decepticon Empire) Romance: (If wanted) Please submit OCs Review, Favorite, and Follow (Prefered if you do All of the Above) Notes -This story was based off of (Transformers Autocracy) -The Beast Hunters are based off the Dynobots -Revan is the name of a famous Jedi Knight from the game, (Knights of the Old Republic) See ya later, Lord Dark Flame