around his neck, burying her wet face on the crook of his neck while he returned the hug, rubbing her back soothingly. It was embarrassing, really. It should of been Hazel comforting Nico instead of the other way around. Her tears had stained his shirt and she didn't stop for who knows how long. Nico waited wordlessly for her to calm down, keeping her encased in the little warmth that he could offer and Hazel couldn't of asked for more at that moment, couldn't of asked for anyone else to be her brother. "I'm sorry," She blurted out the second that she could manage to speak again, "I'm so, so sorry..." "It's okay, Haze," Nico assured her, tightening his hold on her. She shook her head and detached herself from him, "No, it's not. I'm a horrible person and I don't even deserve for you to comfort me." She vainly tried to wipe her nose with her sleeve. Nico opened his mouth to say something, but Hazel wouldn't have it. "Don't try to argue with me." "You shouldn't kill yourself over this," he insisted. Of course, Nico would always make sure she was okay, no matter what she did and Hazel hated that because she didn't have anything to offer him except insecurities and heartache. Yet, she could still make this right. "Nico, I want you to go after Jason." "Haz-" "Don't worry about me," she told him, "You're still Nico, my brother. Nothing has really changed. I can live with you liking boys. I promise on my life." For Romans, that was one of the most serious vows that could be made, but Hazel wasn't messing around. She wasn't going to lose someone she loved for anything. He stood there silently, watching her closely in astonishment and disbelief. Then he smiled. It was barely noticeable, but it was there. Even without words, his eyes were grateful and forgiving. Hazel felt lighter, free of burdens and guilt at the sight of Nico's small smile as she returned the gesture. It was refreshing to see something beside a frown or a scowl on his face. It was a smile that reminded people that Nico wasn't just a son of Hades, but a human being with the ability to feel things just as anyone else. They held eye contact with each other briefly before he whirled around and ran out the door. It took Hazel a moment to realize that Nico hadn't even put on a jacket to protect him from the storm outside so she quickly slipped on a raincoat and hurried off after Nico with an umbrella in her hand. ... The wind was violent, the rain pounded hard and Hazel had almost slipped on the wet grass about ten times. She still wasn't sure how she didn't lose sight of Nico, who was only a few feet in front of her. She wasn't sure if he knew that she was following him or he didn't care, but it didn't stop him from pushing forward, no doubt already soaked to the bone. He ran to the Zeus Cabin and didn't hesitate to knock on the door. Hazel stood at the bottom of the porch steps. She shouldn't be here, but now that she was, it would be a waste of time to trudge back without knowing the outcome. "Nico," she called out and made her way up the steps, "You should've at least taken an umbrella." "H-Hazel, what are you d-d-doing here?" He was shivering like crazy. "Look at you, now you're going to get sick!" Just because they had fought and made up a few minutes ago, didn't mean that Hazel's maternal instincts were going to switch off. Before Nico could tell her to stop acting like his mom, the door opened and the children of the underworld were greeted by a dumbfounded son of Jupiter. "Nico? Hazel? What are you doing here?" Jason asked, frozen in place, probably wondering if he was hallucinating. Nico didn't bother with explanations and hugged Jason without warning, encircling the blond's waist with his arms. Jason went rigid at the contact, but relaxed and held the shorter boy, not caring that his clothes were getting wet. Hazel watched them, not wanting to mess up the moment. Jason and Nico had always known what the other was thinking and they sometimes had conversations without the use for vocal communication. It fascinated Hazel how easily they could read each other and she knew that Jason understood what Nico was trying to get across. Just seeing them together like this made Hazel's eyes water because Nico was happy. They both were. This is how it was supposed to be and there was no reason to think otherwise. Hazel would've left them to have some privacy but there was one more thing that she needed to do. Determined, she marched up to the couple, putting on a serious expression. She cleared her throat to announce her presence. Two pairs of eyes fell on her, but her attention was on Jason, who tensed up at the sight of her, waiting for her to yell or hit him. But Hazel did none of that, instead she asked him a simply question. "Remember that promise you made a few weeks ago?" Jason nodded slowly, confused. Hazel smiled, a real smile. "Take good care of Nico. I approve." Jason's face shone brighter than ever at those simple words and eagerly exclaimed, "Yes ma'am." Before Hazel had time to process it, she was pulled into a group hug, one of Jason's arms holding her close while one of Nico's hands found hers. They stayed like this for a while, barely aware that the rain had come to a graduate stop. Well, there you have it! Phew, that was the longest one-shot I have ever written. It actually took me a while to write this because sometimes I put things off but I'm very proud of myself for finishing it. :D -Angela R.