a cup of water, he was starting to figure out what it was. The kitchen was really open- the only place you couldn't see on the main floor was the sitting room, and that was because of the stairs blocking the way. Percy had been up on the second floor with the rest of the group. They'd had some Mountain Dew up there, but Percy had decided to ditch the caffeine. He didn't want to annoy them after they'd just invited him back. Over in the living room, through an archway that went under the stairs, Percy could see what had to be Annabeth's family. They were all just sitting in the living room, doing… He guessed family things. Her dad was sitting on a recliner, shuffling through papers and marking them with a pen (must be a teacher). Her mom was sitting in on a couch, watching a Christmas movie and eating popcorn. Even her twin brothers, who looked nothing like Annabeth or her father, by the way, were sitting side by side on the couch with their mother, arguing quietly and messing around with lego minifigures. It was really domestic and Christmas-y, but to Percy… something felt wrong. Annabeth came down the stairs, her glasses pushed up onto the bridge of her nose and her giant red Christmas sweater nearly reaching down to her thighs. She was smiling brightly, something that he used to think was a rare occurrence now so familiar he could probably draw it (albeit, horribly). When she took Percy's cup from him, she only smiled brighter as she cleaned it and pulled a carton of eggnog out of the fridge. "So, do you regret coming here tonight?" Annabeth asked, taking a sip of her own drink. The entire house smelled like nutmeg, but she must've been wearing perfume or something- she smelled like peppermint. He shook his head, trying to rid himself of these strange observations. It was starting to get creepy. "I told you before- it's fun." He gave her a pointed look. "Especially since no one is criticizing me on how to play the game." He said, taking a sip. Annabeth lightly slapped his arm, but he saw her lips twitch. " Constructive criticism is how people get better. If you can't take what anyone says with a grain of salt, how can you ever expect to get better?" She asked, bumping his shoulder with her own. Percy rolled his eyes, admitting that that made sense. Still, he wasn't going to let her win so easily. "And what about you, huh? Do you still think that cyclops' are useless, knowing that we just beat the bad guy?" He asked, looking back at the living room. Mr. Chase was giving him an odd look, but immediately averted his gaze when their eyes met. She cradled her cup in her hands, frowning. He's pretty sure saw her father looking at them. Her smile was suddenly back in full, bright and beaming. "First off, that was a bad guy, not the bad guy." She said, beginning to list off her fingers. "Secondly, there is just as much chance we could've won without your help, so don't get too excited." She paused. "But I'm still glad that you were there." Percy knew she was just talking about the game, but he still found himself hiding his face in his cup. His cheeks were probably bright red. There was something in her voice that really confused him, and when he went to talk again he realized she wasn't looking at him, but at her family sitting in the living room. She was staring intently at her family, biting her lip and frowning. She looked down at her glass rather dejectedly. Percy, looking between the four Chases in the in the living room and the one in front of him, made the realization much clearer. First off- Annabeth's real mom wasn't here, and the woman and her two sons weren't Annabeth's full brothers. Secondly- there wasn't a place for Annabeth in the living room. Every chair was taken. Where was she supposed to sit? He'd had a few questions when he'd first entered the Chase household, and a lot of it was starting to become clearer the longer he was there. He remembered asking her what time she needed to be home a few weeks after her first visit. She'd been eating some of his mom's cookies, and at the time he'd thought she'd been hiding a smile into her cup. " They won't care. As long as I get home." At the time, Percy had thought she had some really cool parents. His mom was the same way, most of the time. If she needed him home, she'd tell him before school. Now, the answer meant something different to him. Percy put his cup down, looking over at the girl that had quickly become one of his best friends, if not his best friend (don't tell Grover). She was still looking over at the living room, as if trying to work up the nerve to get up and take a seat next to her family. She sighed, looking back down at her cup. Percy's heart broke just a bit watching the exchange. He reached over, bumping his elbow into her ribs and shocking her out of the moment. She must've forgotten he was there, because her eyes widened and a deer caught in car headlights and her cheeks dusted over red. He pretended not to notice. "C'mon. I think I heard Luke talking about a Drakon when he thought we weren't paying attention last." He said, standing. He offered her his hand, which she simply looked at. Annabeth took it after a moment, something close to gratitude flashing in her eyes as he helped her up. She smiled at him. "Well, I know how to take care of that." She said. They both walked up the stairs, not looking back. Read, Review, Favorite, and Follow! LHG :)