Frank immediately gives his to Hazel, blushing, and the two trade quiet words. Reyna, however, opens the wrapping of hers, revealing a purple toga. When she turns to Nico, the senate falls silent. "I gave you that attire because I wanted something that distinguished you from our ranks. As you know, children of Pluto are rare." Reyna grabs Nico's hands, depositing them over the toga. "Now, I give you the colors of New Rome. I understand your uncertainty over our truce and I share it, but you, Nico," she smiles, "you'll always be welcome here." Suddenly, it feels like he's watching a campfire from two years ago, but in reverse. Nico – taller and more confident – wraps Reyna in his arms, while the crowd claps again. It doesn't take long for Hazel to be there as well, tugging Frank with her. Percy and Annabeth don't join the hug, but the look on their eyes is warmer than it has been in years. Although Will had never thought acceptance to come in color, he supposes purple will do. vi. Red They've known each other since Nico was ten years old. They are now around seventeen, have been friends for years, but they are still dancing around each other. Will sometimes still feels like that kid in the archery range, watching from afar as the boy loves everyone but him. It's a spiteful thought, born from his insecurity, so he tucks it into the creases of his mind for it to suffocate there. His crush-turned-best-friend is something that he barely discusses anymore, even with Kayla. The novelty of it has worn off to the constancy of simple truths. Leo makes an implication, Lou rolls her eyes at Will's longing and they all quiet down when Nico is around. His friends respect his decision not to say anything, even if they don't agree with him. Will knows that Nico feels something too, but he wants the boy to establish their pace. After Bianca and Minos and Percy, relationships remain a territory to be treaded carefully; certain traumas are difficult to move past. The son of Apollo doesn't mind, or at least he tries not to. Will has ghosts to face as well. After so much time being second best to his siblings, then to Percy Jackson and Jason Grace, the blond finally feels like accepting who he is. His father doesn't define him; he's not simply a healer and he's not just another faceless demigod who didn't grow up to be a hero. Divinity flows in each of their veins, but that's not all they are. Nico is there with him through all of this, and Will thinks he might love him for it. They become friends, they gain intimacy, they build trust. For the sake of his mental health, Will goes on a few dates. He never lets things become serious, though. His behavior resembles self-sabotage, but it's better than breaking someone else's heart. Nico gets involved with a son of Aphrodite who helps him understand sexuality. It all hurts like pulled teeth, a dull throb in the wake of emptiness. This is when Will decides to get over him and when he finds out that he can't. Mitchell doesn't last long, a fact that Austin instantly associates with Will. Nico doesn't say much about the break up, but his cheeks now turn red every time they meet. When they train, he gets distracted and hits the blond boy upside the head, before spluttering apologies. The flush that takes his complexion does not match the lightness of the situation, especially when it happens again and again. Nico's disconcertion lands Will in the infirmary a month later, but it's progress. "This progress…" Kayla tightens the bandage around his shoulder, "is gonna kill you." Will smiles, unable to disguise his amusement, and his sister snorts. It's not the first time they have had this talk. As soon as the girl has left to clean the blood from her hands, Nico walks into the room. The color in his cheeks is almost lost to the dark tan he sports, but the son of Apollo has experience on studying his features. Its presence creates a knot in Will's stomach that twists with every step Nico takes closer to him. "I guess this it," the blond jokes. "The wars didn't kill me, but our training probably will." The other shakes his head, trying to hide the smile that tugs at his lips. This habit of Nico is unique to their relationship, and Will prides himself of this fact. "Your idea of a fighting plan is to run around," the dark-haired boy remarks drily. "You'll probably die doing something equally ridiculous." Will beams in response, watching the awe-struck look that crosses Nico's expression before it's replaced by a frown. "There's a reason I came, actually." He pauses. "And I promised Hazel that I wouldn't be a, hm, a chicken about it. Jason has been torturing me with that for weeks." He exhales forcefully, and his blush intensifies under Will's wide-eyed gaze. "I have feelings for you and I think you know that. So, do something about it." Will can't help himself, he laughs. Nico is obviously unimpressed and a bit offended. He blinks, then scowls, and he's half-way towards the door when Will reaches him, grabbing his hand. "I've been flirting with you for three years, Death Boy." He leans closer, too thrilled to be embarrassed by his own forwardness. " You do something about it." It's the wrong thing to say – but also the exactly right thing to say – because the smirk on Nico's lips is ferocious. Not a second later, those lips are pressed against his, coaxing his mouth open and into movement. Wills moans at the feeling of hands on his lower back and it's his turn to blush bright red. I've spent the last week writing this, so my wrist hurts terribly. Ugh, tendinitis. Anyway, I just really liked the idea.