think, doesn't it? Gods, Jason, I think I would have remembered you." He took that as a compliment, thank you. "I would always brag about my great memory but here I am. So many students live here and I fail to remember a face. I don't know what to say. I'm rambling. Maybe I had too much wine..." There indeed was two wine bottles sitting on the makeshift table. "I-ah … why are we even here, Jason?" "Um, to get an education." Something unexpected happened. He noticed her lower her head, her hand over her mouth as if to hide a laugh. "Come on, Jason. I could have asked that question to any stranger in the street and have gotten that same answer. I've asked you, not any stranger." Jason didn't know what she wanted. That's the problem. He could never guess what she was thinking. "Um, to get a career, to learn independence, to find ourselves." The look in her face. The hint of humor behind her eyes, the tips of her lips almost turning up in a smile … it made him feel like a complete idiot and a fool. "No, Jason. No." She shook her head, her hair swaying softly. "That's according to them, to everyone else. I'm asking you. I wouldn't have asked if I didn't want to know; so Jason, tell me, why are we even here?" There was a forlorn look to her eyes. He didn't know how to describe it. He have never seen anyone with eyes quite like hers, and he wasn't referring to eye color. Those eyes belonged to someone wise beyond their years, but there was also something else there. Something desperately calling out for something but calling out for what? "T-T-That's a loaded q-q-question." He stuttered. What did she mean? Here in the roof, here in college, or here in .. life? Reyna hid her face against her knees. "I … maybe it's the wine talking. I get weird at the intermediate step between sober and actually drunk and the sunset was so beautiful and … you can ignore me now." Reyna was shaking her head, probably hating herself for revealing so much already but if she thinks about it, she hasn't revealed anything at all. "I don't know." "What?" "I don't know." Jason felt oddly relieved. "Fuck, I have absolutely no idea why we are even here." To his surprise, a pretty smile spread across her face. "And it's so nerve-wrecking. There is nothing more scary than the future. And it's even worst being a kid, everyone telling you all these things and since you don't know better you just assume it is all truth." Of course, he was referring to his father and step-mother. "And then you just end up … lost." Jason blinked, and stared at the floor. Did he just say that? Where did that come from? He had no idea but he was glad for it. He felt relieved. He had never ever said anything remotely close to that before. He remembered arguing with Piper once; she had asked why he was always so guarded. he had never told anything like this to Piper, although he always wanted to. He desperately wanted to find a confidant in her but … it didn't happen. ANd he knew it had been his own fault, not hers. He had built the wall around him. "What are we to do about this then, Grace?" "Uh..." He couldn't find words. A quote from class today came to mind, "'The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, / But in ourselves, that we are underlings.'" "Are you quoting Shakespeare to me, Grace?" How did she know it was Shakespeare? She probably read his face because the next words she said was: "I love Julius Caesar. Cassius said that quote. Act one, scene two, 140-141." "Yeah." He said, almost breathless. He was impressed. "Its one of my favorite plays ever. Definitely my favorite Shakespeare play." "Yeah, the professor goes on and on about him. But I get it. There is some powerful historical figures out there." "Yeah." Reyna agreed. She smiled and then looked away. A silence continued for a few minutes. The sun had disappeared and the moon was shining on them. He barely could see Reyna's face anymore through the darkness of the night. The moonlight wasn't enough. "So Grace, we have already established that we have no idea what we are doing here. You didn't answer my question. I appreciate Shakespeare but I would like an answer. What should we do about it?" It took a moment to think about something to say before he remembered something his sister told him, many years ago. "Carpe Diem." . . "Oh my guys, you two couldn't believe what just happened." Gwen's voice broke the silence. "I'm sorry I took so long. A resident- h-he was having a panic attack about this paper he had due tomorrow so I had to speak to him, and I luckily got in contact with his professor so Frank is good now. Wow, it's so dark in here. I can go inside and bring a flash light or something." Jason stood from his chair, "Take my seat, Gwen. I'll bring you the flashlight. I'm heading inside anyways." He patted her shoulder before crossing the door and walking down the steps. As he left, he felt a lightness throughout his body. Dare he say he even had a skip in his step? He was actually smiling for no reason. It was a long time since he felt this light and relaxed. There you have it folks! Please comment and review if you enjoyed it! Feel free to enter ideas if you have any for the next chapter! This story will only get better with your help and I love every single one of you if you reached the end of the story. Again, please review if you liked the story and I'll see you soon!