We found him putting like 6 briefcases in the trunk of a real nice car. We watched him for a few minutes until he closed the trunk and leaned against the car with his arm crossed. "I know your there, come on out and tell me why your following me," he said. We walked out and stood in front of him and a lot of the girls looked ready to kill him while Artemis and I kept our cool. "You have some nerve addressing me like that, boy," Artemis snarled at him. He didn't seem to be affected by it because he just shrugged and said,"well what can I do for you, Lady Artemis?" "How do you know who I am?" Artemis asked suspiciously. "I know a lot of things and one of those is where a Mr. Percy Jackson is," he said, smirking. Then his phone started buzzing,"and there he is," he said and then he answered the phone. "The f$&k you want Perce," he said, he listened for a minute and answered,"well I've got one Miss Artemis here interrogating me about where you are," he paused and then said,"you know this is the perfect payback for the water balloon prank you pulled on me," he said, again smirking. "We will be over in an hour," and he hung up, "if you want to meet Percy then you'll have to follow me." He said to us, Artemis just nodded and he got in the car and started it,"if you go north you'll see a house that looks like a mansion, that's where he is," he said and drove off. We traveled north and found the house he was talking about and he and Percy were sitting on the porch. "You can come out now Lady Artemis," Percy said, glaring at the other kid while he had a victorious grin on his face. I thought he looked cute, 'wait what am I saying, I'm a hunter I shouldn't have these thoughts' I thought. "Percy you are hereby under orders to return to Olympus to await your trial," Artemis said with a straight face. That's when the kid pulled out a sword that looked like it was empty where the blade should be and it had no cross-guard. The sword itself was all black and the hilt was purple. He put it to Artemis's throat and then I noticed that the blade looked like an energy that a lightsaber would use. The 'blade' was purple. He also had a glare on his face that would make even Kronos flinch. His eyes though were the worst, they were filled with absolute hatred. Percy had Riptide out and he looked ready to fight. I was shocked because I had never heard this but apparently all the other hunters had heard it and had there bows out and pointed at the two. I walked over to Percy and had my spear and shield out and they were pointed at the hunters. I absolutely hated them right now because they never told me about this. "Thalia what are you doing!" Phoebe shouted at me,"joining the side that never betrayed me!" I shouted back. She looked ready to retort but Artemis stopped her and said,"do as you wish Thalia but now you are a traitor and must be dealt with." Everyone looked ready to fight when I was sucked into a portal along with the teen and Percy and then everything went black. Percy POV "Ow," I groaned as I got up. We had been sucked through a portal into a pretty large room with a desk and several chairs. Pictures hung along the left wall and the right wall was a giant window overlooking a city. In a chair behind the desk sat a tall man in a suit. His irises looked like space itself and his hair was a blinding white color. "Who are you," Nate asked. "I am Chaos, primordial of the Void," he stated with a smile and we gaped at him. "A primordial, but they're suppose to be gone," Thalia said. "No, we still exist, but not on Earth," he said and looked out the window. That's when I noticed we were overlooking Earth. "Where are we exactly," Thalia asked. "Welcome to my world," he said, "Alpha Primer." "Whoa," we said as we saw the city below and the natural plains and mountains beyond it's walls. "This is amazing," I said, "But why did you bring us here?" "Because, for over 6 decades I have searched for a worthy hero to be the leader of my forces," he explained, "Only several years ago you came into this world and years later you became the greatest hero to ever exist." "You mean-," I asked in awe. "Yes Percy, I want you to be the leader of my forces," he said, "Will you accept?" "What about my friends," I asked, looking at Nate and Thalia. "They have the choice to come with you," he said and they nodded. "Where he goes, we follow," they said and smiled. "Very well, now will you join," he asked again. I thought for a moment and nodded, "Yes, I will." Unknown POV "So he's found a new hero," I said, "No matter, everything is going as planned." "Is everything ready," I asked and a man, one of my er... employees. "Yes," he answered and I nodded. "Good, now let us begin phase 1," I ordered and walked out of the room. I got in a car and drove to a hospital in London. I approached a man I had been observing for a year. His daughter was in a coma from an unknown diseases, for human mortals that is. "I can save her," I said and he turned around. "What did you say," he gasped. "Your daughter, I can save her," I stated, my red irises gleaming and my lips curling into smile under my cloak. DONE You liked that right I sure did See Ya, Nate