jumped up at once,his over-protective boyfriend skill working up at once. Leo started laughing,and Penny pouted. "I'm hungry!" Percy called out. Apollo groaned. "Fine!" He snapped his fingers and a cupcake appeared in everyone's hand. Everyone grinned and started eating happily. "Normally I would say this isn't healthy,but I'm too tired to even care." Will mused. "I wanna plaaaaaaaay!" Leo pouted,licking his fingers. "No" Apollo said. "Whyyyyyyyy?" "Because I said so." "Whyyyyyyyy?" "Stop asking me why!" "Whyyyyyyyy?" "Because you're an annoying brat!" "Whyyyyyyyy?" "GODDAMMIT VALDEZ!" . Four torturous hours later,including a runaway,a bathroom accident and more snacks.. . "I'm booooooored!" Percy whined,picking his nose. "You're always bored." Little Annabeth told him. "I knooooooow!" "Peny,check out my booger! It's green!" Leo stuck his finger at Penny,who hid behind Apollo's legs. Lou was watching Piper and Annabeth play patty cake,and Will was playing with flower petals with Jason. "Great. We've all become little kids." Apollo uttered. Penny looked up at him happily. "Yaaaaaay we've all become little kids!" She squealed. He couldn't help but smile. She was so adorable. "Oh my gods you're so cuuuuute!" Apollo gushed,looking at Penny,who was beaming happily at him. "I know that!" She squealed. You could practically see the hearts in Apollo's eyes blossoming. He grabbed his hair,groaning. "Oh my gods,someone catch me,I'm gunna faint." He said in a high pitch voice. Lou and Will backed up a bit. "So!" Will said enthusiastically "We have one more hour." "Okay,what are you guys doing here?" A new voice asked. Everyone jumped as they saw the familiar pale skinned Raven black haired boy walk in,surveying them all. Will tried to pat down his rat hair,which didn't go so well. "So...it's true huh?" Nico said,eyeing al the kids,with a look of surprise and amusement "They're all...kids?" "Yeah we are Death Boy!" Percy said happily. Nico stared at him,and Will cleared his throat loudly. "Geez,he's still annoying." Nico muttered,looking away. Penny grinned up at him. "Yeah! He was even about to eat Leo's booger!" She piped in. Everyone was silent for some time,until Nico through his hands up. "I am gunna pretend I didn't hear that." He muttered "And what's wrong with him ?" He asked,pointing at Apollo,who was staring at Penny with wide eyes. "She-is-so-freaking-cute." He hyperventilated,while Penny stared at him stupidly. "Dude,I know." Penny said with a poker face. Lou grinned. "She's still sassy even when she's a toddler." " Do you wanna build a dragooon?" Leo suddenly sang to Percy,who's face brightened up at once. " Yeah,come on let's go build iiit!" Percy sang and spread his arms,nearly poking Penny's eye " Hey you almost poked my eye," "I'm sorry please don't cry," "Gods,you all are stupiid!" Annabeth finished,rolling her eyes. Lou's,Will's,Nico's and Apollo's jaws all dropped. "Damn,they're good." Will whistled. Leo mimicked a bow. "BUTTERFLY!" Penny screamed,making everyone jumped. Seeing a butterfly through the window,she jumped up and ran out the door,yelling happily. "I wanna see a butterfly!" Leo hopped up,following Penny. "Me too!" "Me three!" "Me one!" Percy yelled stupidly. Soon all of them started chasing each other outside,with only Annabeth remaining behind. "Ooooh no." Apollo cursed,and without another word,they all ran after them. . "Is that-?" "Why are there little kids on the loose?" "HELP LEO'S PULLING DOWN MY PANTS!" While are the campers were jumping around with questions and confusion,the four of them (Lou was holding Annabeth's hand) were running around camp,trying to round up all the kids. "Jason! Don't put that in your mouth!" Will yelled at an unsuspecting Jason,who was trying to eat a bronze blade. He probably likes to eat iron a lot. "Percy,don't make the canoe lake suck up all the boats!" Nico yelled,racing towards the lake and tugging at his arm. Percy pouted. "Why should I listen to you? I'm not your ty-" "PERSEUS JACKSON NOW IS NOT THE TIME!" "Piper! There you are-LEO STOP THAT!" Lou yelled at Leo,who was trying to insert flowers all over Pipers hair and down the collar of her shirt. "WHERE IN HADES IS PENNY?!" Apollo screamed,as soon as they rounded up al the kids in front of the Poseidon cabin. "I'm heere!" Penny cheered excitedly. Everyone looked up in shock to see Penny standing on the top of the Poseidon cabin,grinning and waving. "What the-how did she get up there?" Will wondered out loud. Suddenly Penny tripped,and her smile faded off of her. "Whoa!" She yelped,and then started screaming as she fell,but luckily,right into the arms of the Sun God. As if on cue,a poof of dust erupted in front of all of them,making them blind. As they all coughed and closed their eyes,they opened them to see themselves holding hands with regular sixteen year olds. "What-what are we doing here? And why are you two holding hands?" Percy asked Will and Nico,who were holding hands. They immediately let go,but in the darkness,they were going bright red. "Why are there flowers down my shirt and in my hair?" Piper asked,pulling flowers out of her hair. "Why are there dried boogers on my fingers?" Leo asked,staring at his hands. "Why is there some kind of rusty taste on my mouth?" Jason asked,gagging. "Why are we all holding hands?" Annabeth muttered,letting go of Lou's hand. "And how," Penny asked,her arms around Apollo's neck "the heck did we all get here?" Without another word,Apollo leaned forward and kissed her,leaving her in wonder. When they broke apart,he muttered "I love you." "Um,that doesn't really answer my question,but I love you too Sunboy." "Wait." Lou held up a time-out sign "You guys...don't remember anything..weird?" "I still remember Percy,doesn't that count?" Penny asked. "Hey!" Percy protested at once. "You guys don't remember...having the bodies of kids?" Will asked cautiously. Everyone blinked and looked at each other. "We have kids? Are you gunna babysit them?" Penny asked,looking at Wil and Lou,who at once fainted,falling to the ground. Apollo gave everyone a lopsided smile. "Better start working on a cabin for Penny people." He said. Penny blinked at him. "Wait,what?"