"She's actually really nice, and if you ignore the cuss word after every other vowel, she has great opinions on civil rights." The sudden glare Olympia shot him was so cold that he felt like he was about to turn into a Percysicle. He wondered what had gotten him so mad. "You're joking?" Percy blinked. The guy didn't sound angry like he had thought but instead grossed out. That was almost worst. "No, you should hear her views on abortion." He looked away suddenly, biting his lip. If asked, he would deny it, but the man was freakin' scary. "That's not what I meant!" "Well, it's none of your business. Forget I said anything," he fumed under his breath, suddenly defensive. Melanie was a really nice gal, and he wasn't about to dis her any further than he already had. Really, he had to learn how to bite his tongue. His mom would kill him if he hurt anyone's feelings... (2) Olympia gave him a sudden, strange look, seemingly nostalgic. Almost sad. But as soon as Percy saw it, it was gone, replaced with his (from what he'd seen so far) usual haughty expression. "Doesn't make it any less sick." "No one cares about your opinion." Percy noticed the way Olympia's eyes were darting about. The secure looking doors made of Plexiglas, a window insuring that there was no way for you to hide. He understood the skepticism, but the people here weren't anything but thorough. This was a step up from the other option, but that didn't mean they didn't have precautions. "Plenty of people care about my opinion, brat." He froze up. He couldn't help it. Poseidon didn't look like Poseidon anymore, and was quickly replaced with a very different person. "Don't call me that!" Before Olympia could so much as open his mouth to speak, the door to Mr. D's office was abruptly thrown open, and Percy stomped inside like the child he was. Dang, he had to keep his temper in check. Hopefully Olympia didn't notice the way his palms dripped with "the icky juice" he remembered from so long ago. -P-J-O- Poseidon gave this place an eleven on the 1 - 10 creep-factor. At first, it had been just slightly odd, seeing how everything was considered a dangerous weapon, a new way to get yourself killed. It had been only a small thought in the back of his head, of course, but he'd noticed the way there was no glass in the room. Or pointy furniture. Everything was plush. He had just figured that it was because of the smaller kids staying there. But, as he began to walk up to the owner's office, he had realized that there were no young children . No crying, no giggling, no nothing. It was twelve o'clock in the afternoon, and there wasn't even a peep of noise other than hushed whispers and the soothing, muted hum of the cars whizzing along the streets outside. The youngest person he'd seen so far had been Percy, and he was in no way childlike, from his speech to his mannerisms. The doors had been the next big clue. They obviously were specially made for the use of hospitals, not a care-home. This was a care-home, right? Poseidon wasn't so sure anymore. What was going on? His eyes flitted towards Percy automatically. The way he walked was hostile, the way he talked was stiff. Tyson was gripping his hand like a drowning man would a life-preserver. It wasn't right. No, not at all. Tyson was at least sixteen . He shouldn't need a boy three times smaller than him being his big bro and holding his hand just as tightly, if only a little more protectively. Percy wasn't a grown man. The brat looked six, maybe seven at best! So what was it that made him look so old ? Poseidon didn't have a minute to spare for story time, but damn , the curiosity was killing him! He had to know. So he followed after the two boys with a grin on his face, and his chin held just as highly as the brat's had been before! After a while, the hall led to an office door at the far end. The paint was a chipped, hideous, carroty orange. The window was ever-so-slightly tinted yellow, like it was years old and needed a serious clean. Dust lined the creases. Percy opened the door for both him and Tyson–but mostly for Tyson. Poseidon stepped inside without a thought. "Dionysus?" He tilted his head, flashing white teeth. "I hope I haven't kept you waiting, old friend." The older man, at least forty, shook his curl covered head, and Poseidon decided to ignore its purple color for later evaluation. The guy was a crazy drunk. Poseidon knew this from previous experience. And if the tattoo he had been pressed to get removed proved anything… "Poseidon." Taking a swig from his diet coke can, Dennis Welch–or as he liked to call him, Dionysus (the guy was a freakin' wino)–gestured for him to sit down. Percy stood silently by the man's desk, his hands fiddling with an empty, green prescription bottle and his expression perfectly poker-faced. His eyes were once again hidden by his mop of hair. Tyson let go of the Percy's hand, waving to Dionysus in a silent goodbye. He left to go do only God knows what; Poseidon honestly didn't care, but noticed him running his fingers along the walls carefully. He had more important things to wonder about, though, and didn't question it. He had come here on purely business, and he had to remember that as he declined the glass of wine the man offered him. Though, really, he thought longingly, one glass wouldn't hurt. (1) Also, I do realize that Zeus is not older than Poseidon, but for the sake of this story, he is. So please, don't complain. (2) But, Loyalty, Sally is dead! Yeah. She is. Chill.