leftover from their Saturday movie night. Before he could turn to open up the fridge, Tom was already handing him a cold slice of pepperoni pizza. "You always know what I'm thinking don't you," Mark said as he accepted the paper plate from his friend. "Simple mind, I guess," he mused. "Shut up." The two enjoyed their meal in peace as the ticking of the clock continued on. Before long, they finished off the remaining pieces of Italian cuisine and began cleaning up. They folded the cardboard pizza box in half so it would fit into their wastebasket near the door. Mark then started gathering his toiletries for his shower in a few minutes when his eyes panned over to his friend. Tom remained on his bed with his legs kicked up and arms crossed behind his head. "Aren't you going to come get a shower," Mark asked with his clothes hanging from one of his arms. Tom's eye lolled open before stating, "I prefer to take my showers in the morning, dude." "I forgot, sorry." "No harm done," Tom said as he closed his eye again. "Just remember to take the trash out with you." "Alright," Mark responded as he walked to the door. With his clothes in one arm and trash bag in the other, he turned the brass door knob. As he vacated the room, he turned to his friend and said, "I'll return in a few minutes." Tom gave him a thumb up before he shut the door, closing the gap between the two. Mark could not help the sigh from leaving his lips as he walked towards the showers at the end of the hall. He silently padded down the white tiled hallway, the lights shined against the clean floor as he tossed the small trash bag into a larger container. Opening the door to the men's restroom, Mark entered the room lined with shower stalls to find the room empty of other students. Without much thought, he entered a stall in the corner and placed his clothes on a bench before closing the curtain. He turned one of the shower knobs and waited for the water to heat up before he started washing up. Once he felt that the temperature was just right, his mind drifted to his friend while he got his hair wet. Normally he hated leaving Tom alone, even if it was for a few minutes. There was this gnawing feeling that doing that he would do something rash without him to keep him from doing anything he might regret. Practically everyone at the academy disliked Tom and made it blatantly obvious that his presence was not desired. Openly he showed complete indifference towards their displeasure but Mark never asked him if he was truly alright. Knowing that almost anyone could get into their room, Mark quickly finished scrubbing out the dirt from the morning. He dried himself off and clothed himself before exiting the shower stall. As he walked towards the door, other male students started pouring in with showering on their minds. They pushed past Mark, not paying much attention to him as they went towards the showers. He left the shower room and reached his room in a matter of minutes but found it without his friend resting on his bed. Mark's eyes drifted over to the open window with the screen popped out and resting against the desk. The cold air drifted into the room, causing a shiver to roll down Mark's back. Another thing with Tom that Mark could not quite understand was his resistance to the cold. Whenever the temperatures dropped and others would don another layer of warm clothing, Tom would just shrug as if the weather was nothing to him. Mark thought his friend was a little eccentric at times but the cold was where he drew the line. After placing his clothes into a laundry hamper and his toiletries underneath his bed, Mark flicked the light off. Light from the moon filtered through the window as Mark crawled into bed. With his back to the window, he pulled the blankets closer to his body in an attempt to retain some of the heat lost to the open window. Once he finished wrapping himself in blankets in a way that kept his torso and feet warm, he let out a content sigh. Tom soon returned from his venture onto the roof, quietly swinging into the room. The window screen was placed back into position before Tom closed it completely. Mark's mind began to shift in thought to his friend's plan for Thanksgiving break as Tom slid into his bed's covers. Typically, he would cut communication from Mark entirely until returning to their dorm the night before school resumed. He contemplated whether or not he should invite him to his apartment in Chicago for the holiday. As he drifted off to sleep, he was almost certain his mother would enjoy finally meeting his friend after so long. I apologize to whoever has been waiting in anticipation for my next entry, only to find I deleted and posted a revision of the first chapter instead. I got distracted by a couple of things since my last entry. Depression, a new dog, college applications, and getting obsessed over a Disney cartoon can take a toll on one's attention. A while ago I looked back on this chapter and thought that it could have been better. So about a month ago, I started making revisions to not only this chapter but also the other entries I plan to work on over the summer. Since I only have a couple of days before I graduate, I thought it would be nice if I shared this before I got anymore distracted. If you have any suggestions for future chapters and characters, send me a private message or leave a suggestion in the review section down below. As always, you will hear from me in the next chapter. Bye bye!