thoughts. "The ice cream man is over there!" "Rosalie, you just had cereal. Now you want Ice-cream? If you have ice-cream now then you can't have any later." A devious look grew in her eyes and Percy knew that look from anywhere, "Oh no you don't. Mom told me you only get one ice-cream and that's all." "But Percy, what mom doesn't know won't hurt her!" Rosalie pouted and as easily he saw through the façade it was those damn puppy eyes that got him every time. Every. Damn. Time. "I need to talk to Aphrodite on how to be immune to that bull shit." Percy murmured underneath his breath. "Alright you can have 2 small cups total today. We can get one right now if you want." Percy compromised with her. While not exactly ecstatic, he could tell Rose was happy with her current situation. "Let's go!" She said running ahead of him. "Rose be careful!" He shouted at her but it was obvious that she paid no heed. Running directly to the ice-cream cart. Percy rubbed his nose before a loud scream was heard. At once his eyes flicked up to Rose having bumped into someone and had fallen to the ground. At once he ran over to see her having fell on the pavement. "Rose are you okay!" He tried his best not to make it sound too loud. Picking her up he sighed when it was just a scab on her knee. "Rose you need to be careful. What have I told you!" He tried his best to not to sound like he was berating her but he could tell it didn't come out the right way. She flinched, "But she wasn't watching where she was going either!" She sobbed and let out muffled cry's that eventually died down. Picking her up, he turned to look at the person who Rosalie had bumped into. "My apologies, I'm sorry my sist-"What he saw made his breath get caught up. It wasn't everyday that he saw someone as breathtakingly beautiful as he did now. She had someone of the palest and whitest skin with midnight, black hair and the strangest violet eyes he had ever seen before. Coughing slightly, he continued, "I'm sorry that my sister wasn't watching where she was going." He lifted his sister back a little bit from his arm, "Rose what do you say?" At this point she was doing small sniffles, "I-I'm Sorry!" She cried out. "I didn't mean to run into you." The sniffles continued and she put her face back into his arm. Percy looked to her and mouthed 'I'm sorry' The lady did a light laugh, "It's okay little one, I wasn't watching where I was going either." Her voice was like velvet and the softness was beautiful. "See!" Rose looked at Percy. "She wasn't looking either!" Percy nodded, "Yes, but if you were watching where you were going there's a chance that you would have never ran into her, is that correct?" Rosalie wisely decided not to say anything. Percy looked to the lady, "I am sorry Ma'am, would you like to join us for ice-cream as an apology? I'm afraid that's where we were headed." She rose an eyebrow and gave a small smile, "Don't even know what my name is and you're already asking me on a date?" Percy let out a light chuckle, "The names Percy and this little one is Rosalie, may we have yours?" Rosalie gave a small wave before holding him tightly once more. "At least I don't need to give you manners on saying your name first. I suppose that's a plus. The name is Pamela." She gave a light bow, "Pleasure to make your acquaintance" Percy rose an eyebrow this time, "I didn't know we were in the 1500's either." He told her with a small smile. She smiled and this time did a mocking bow "Manners are important you know." She hummed to herself, "Now about that Ice-cream…" Rosalie perked up at once. Her eyes still red from being puffy but she grew ecstatic. "Ice-cream!" Time skip "So, my Lady, how do you think it went?" Alucard stood from the shadows. Night had come and Alucard always had a more joyous time not being seen. Selene looked at the empty ice-cream cone that was left in her hands. She truly had a joyous day with the man even if she had to have the disgusting ice-cream just to prove she was human. It had been a pain but was needed for a small build of trust. It was one of the many that would come. "Did you send someone to track them to where they live?" Alucard wordlessly nodded to her, "And about your other mission." A feral grin grew on the man's face. It was this face that made the man something to fear throughout the world and even made the Primordials stay away from them. After all Vampires always were the best, even Chaos knew it was a mistake making them. "They were taken care of this morning, Chiron is slowly reforming but he will be back eventually. The 'Camp Half Blood' Is in shambles. The best part of it all is that the Gods won't know anything has happened for our estimate of three to four days." Alucard spoke almost with a husk in his voice. Killing always was a turn on for him. Pamela looked up to the night sky, her old domain shining brightly above them. "It is a shame that the Gods decided to turn on us. I will bring them to their knees and make their hero fall in love with me all the while." "Selene, what do you plan to do with the boy after?" Alucard questioned hesitantly. He wanted to make sure that he didn't step out of line when it came to the boy. That boy meant something to her. She innocently. "A Queen must always have a King, No?"