brain out while being chased by giant pigeons? Shoot, of course. Did Oliver have any experience? No. Did Oliver know how to handle one? No. Honestly, he didn't even know how to reload. Oliver didn't know what he was doing. His hands automatically locked on his target, like he was used to it, like he'd done this before. He pulled the trigger. The loud bang halted the fight between Brunner and Basil. Oliver half expected to end up flying into space due to the recoil, but he was perfectly fine. He hadn't moved. Instead, one of the birds tumbled down, a disarray of brown and grey feathers, smashing into the road, landing with a loud thump that could've rivalled the sound of Oliver's gun. Still in shock, Oliver watched as it begun to melt, shifting into golden dust, like the pollen of a flower. The wind blew the remains away. There was complete silence as Oliver took aim again. "WHY THE HADES DID YOU SHOOT?!" Basil-goat screeched, his panicked face speaking high levels of shock. He ripped at his curly hair, looking like he was willing to bite the strands off. "YOU TOLD ME TO SHOOT!" "IT WAS A JOKE, I DIDN'T EXPECT YOU TO!" Instead of arguing further, Oliver fired again. The sound made his ears ring annoyingly, but that was the least of his worries. His brain was sickly focused on the birds, all of them flying quite a distance away. His eyes shifted to the next bird. By moving one finger, it went sailing down to earth. He didn't know how long that carried on for, his detached perspective of shooting down birds, but soon, there were none left. He hadn't missed a single one of them. Nauseated, Oliver shoved the gun back to Basil. He'd just killed a bunch of animals, deadly or not, without a second thought. He didn't even have time to breathe, and catch up, during the fires. He. Just. Kept. Shooting. It was Basil and Brunner's turns to be aghast. Basil let out a wild scream of confusion. "HOW? YOU DIDN'T EVEN HAVE A SCOPE, DUDE!" Brunner stopped galloping and slowed down to a trot. His horsetail swished with anxiety. "I'm too old for this." He commented silently. He rubbed the wrinkles on his forehead. A habit. Ok, this was definitely Mr Brunner – a half-hybrid horse, but still Mr Brunner. Basil started wrestling his arms into the air, waving them around dramatically, as if he were trying to grab words out of the sky. Well, Oliver wouldn't be surprised if he actually did, since, he was a goat, Brunner was a stallion, and he, himself, just shot down twenty or so of those murder-death pigeons with a shotgun. He raised his eyebrow at Basil, hoping that that would suffice for words; he was afraid that talking would just leave him stuttering like a mad man. Apparently, after being his friend for two years, Basil still didn't understand what the raising of the eyebrow meant. He stared at Oliver with his owlishly chocolate eyes, his dark pupils flickering, as if trying to search for a hidden message. Well, he would be searching for a while because there was nothing 'hidden' about it. "What's happening?" Oliver said, after Basil studied his face for a few more seconds. He was aware of how grim his voice sounded, how his mouth was set in a straight line. Then Basil snapped his fingers, an irritable, quick, sharp movement. "You're a demigod, mate. A Child of a mortal and god, or goddess. You see that shooting you did before? Yeah, that has to do with you being a demigod." ' Oh, of course, everything makes sense now, thanks Basil!' Is what he would've liked to say, unfortunately, reality wasn't that easy. "And you're a giant unicorn cow that will destroy all of New York within seconds." "Actually, I'm a satyr." Basil corrected. "Not the point. What is a…say-tar…goat thingy anyways?" Before any more comments could be made from the both of them, they were both lifted by their collars and placed gently on the ground. Brunner, the horse –no wait, he was starting to think that having a half horse body was normal on Mr Brunner. God help him please. Anyhow, the great white stallion lightly kicked his legs up, stirring a little bit of dust. "Oliver, we can't explain right now, this is not a safe place, please wait until we reach camp, I'll be able to clearly access everything there." Mr Brunner said calmly. Oliver bit his lip. He was still hanging on to the fact that this was all just a dream, or just some crazy imagination scenario his mind ran off with. Unfortunately, all of this seemed very real, which was a very bad thing. If this was starting to seem real to Oliver, then he actually might be mental. Maybe his mother hit his head when he was younger. Ah, he's shot down giant pigeons, logic doesn't really matter anymore. Oliver found himself nodding slowly. He licked his dry lips; his face scrunching up in disgust, as he tasted the faintest bit of dirt caked on his mouth. Brunner smiled, not one of his common, flashy smiles, but rather, the kind of smile a father would give to his son when he graduated. "Call me Chiron." AN: Not my best work, but anyways, this is the list of the people who made it, since I have to credit them for their amazing OCs ;) This is in no particular order. Ferrer Fabrizio Cooper – thedaffodilqueen Mikaela Kai Reyes – MadnessAndMe Cliff Evans – Nsing Brandon Roy – ryzlow98 Jayce Covington – AceSeesYouuu Madeline Maddy Cassie Hall – Mistycharming Edd Wayne – Copicat123321 Royce Wallace – dualitydisorder Emerald faith Wilson – EileenAbbey Neriah Jane Finley – HappyAnimalLover And of course, our dearest Oliver Weber – Kayoi1234 Plus, we have a villain, but I shall not reveal this person yet. * laughs evily *