he waved a blueprint. "What's up? I'm pretty sure it's not me." Silence. "I think you hang out with Percy too much." Annabeth, who was sketching the new designs for the new houses back in Mount Olympus, commented with a sigh. "Hey! Jason just has no grace over his jokes, that's why no one seems to laugh at his jokes." Percy, who was munching his blue pancakes, complained. Silence. Annabeth, Piper and Reyna looked at one another before sighing in disbelief with the two's…oddness. But, due to her sweetness, Hazel just forced a little chuckle. Frank smiled. "I think their jokes are just fine—" "That's Frank-tastic! Thanks for backing us up, bro!" Both Jason and Percy exclaimed as they tackled Frank. Before he was to get crashed, the Chinese Canadian quickly added, "BUT!" He shouted. "But…there's someone else who's even funnier." He murmured. "Leo." Nico murmured. Will, who was teaching Hazel some of his medicinal knowledge, looked up. "Yes, that is the one. I thought it was just taboo say his name, so we kept quiet." He continued staring at the sky. "…Leo." He repeated. Will frowned, excused himself, and stood up to approach the spaced-out Nico. "Death Boy? Are you alright? What are you—LEO!" "Dude, you too?" Jason complained. "Uh, guys…quit staring up there and—LEO!" Even Frank gasped. Now, everyone looked up, and gasped upon seeing a metal dragon flapping his wings that seemed to weigh a ton. It was still meters away, but they were sure it was the same dragon that some used to try catching before. It was also the same dragon that became Jason's and Piper's ride on their first quest here in Camp Half Blood. It was also the same dragon, whose head they used for Argo II. "It's Festus!" Percy cheered. And behind Festus were two individuals that shocked everyone. "Leo…and Calypso?" Percy asked as he narrowed his eyes. After few more minutes, the metallic dragon was just few meters above them. "Hi there, the forever hot, gorgeous and genius inventor Leo Valdez is back! Along with me is my beautiful goddess slash girlfriend, Calypso! I am so sorry about-Waaah, Festus, calm down!" He gasped when Festus tried to settle on the ground faster. Nico blinked when he realized that the dragon was crash-landing towards…Will, who seemed to have turned frozen stiff. He looked around, and realized they were the only two left in the area where Festus might crash-land. "NICO!" Reyna shouted, and was about to run towards him when he shook his head. He summoned the shadows that the dragon was forming around him, and tried his best to manipulate them. He closed his eyes, and thought of Will, him and the lake. In just few seconds, they both landed on the camp's lake. Blinking, Will looked around. "How…" He trailed off when a series of bewildered, "LEO!" has been heard from where Festus has loudly landed. He was pretty sure Leo Valdez and Calypso were now being crashed with a lot of pair of arms. He just wasn't sure if Leo was protected by Piper's fists. Annabeth's lecture about him not contacting them. Percy and Jason's bro bumpfists. And Frank and Hazel's tears. Nico stood up, soaked wet. "I shadow-travelled us here." He stated, as if it was the most common thing in the world. He was startled when Will glared at him. "I told you no Underworld-y things until I let you do so! Geez! Now, look at you! You might catch a cold." He scolded, stood up, and used his sun abilities to dry Nico's hair. The son of Apollo ran his hands around until they were both glowing with light. "That feels…nice." He admitted when Will has stopped. The blond blinked, and grinned at him. "Did you just willingly admit that my ability is nice?" "Hah. You think you're funny, Sunshine? And no, I said the warmth was nice. Not your powers." He answered as they walked away from the lake, and towards their own Cabins. "You're such a killer of joy, Death Boy." Will remarked. He tried his best not to let out even a, 'Pppfffttt' at that last joke. "I'll see you on Dinner. Don't skip it; Chiron has an important announcement to make! I'll pick you up." Will shouted as he walked back to Hades' Cabin. Nico raised a hand as an agreement, and entered his cabin. His eyes widened when he realized that Will sent a little lit of sun towards him. He narrowed his eyes, and tried his best to read the two words being made by the ray of sunlight. 'Rest Well.' The Ghost King lightly grabbed the fading ray of sunlight that formed those words before smiling. When the two words vanished, he felt flattered when he found out those words somehow sent his body some warmth brought by Will's powers. I'm never gonna admit this, but I really love Sunshine's power. *A LITTLE LINEBREAK. DRUMS MAKING A RHYTHM FOR A SUSPENSE PART* Chiron opened the door. "Let's go meet Camp Half-Blood's campers, and I shall introduce you to them. I'm sure you'll be safe, and happy here." The guest smiled brightly, and nodded. "I'm sure I will." "Oh, I'm sorry, but may I know your full name again before I introduce you to your new family?" The centaur asked with a small smile. The other grinned. "I'm Mikhail Walker. Apollo came into my dreams months ago before he asked me to come here in Camp Half-Blood. He told me he's my dad, and that I'll live better here. Oh, and he also added I already know someone here, I hope he's right. So I took his advice." Chiron smiled. "Alright then, Mikhail, Apollo's son. Come on, let's start the bonfire." A/N: And yes, that's how I'm gonna end it. I dunno if anyone liked it. But I did my best! PLEASE DO LEAVE A REVIEW, IT'LL MAKE ME SUPER HAPPY FOR MY FIRST EVER SOLANGELO FANFICTION! Love lots, LFMH021