How'd she get there so fast? I have moments like that a lot, when my brain falls asleep, and the next thing I know I've missed something, as if a puzzle piece has fell out of the universe and left me staring at the blank place behind school counselor told me this was part of my ADHD, my brain misinterpreting things. But I wasn't sure. I followed . Halfway up the steps, I glanced back at Grover. He looked pale, his eyes darting back and forth between me and Mr. Brunner, like he wanted him to see what was going on, but the Latin teacher was absorbed in his novel. I looked back up. Mrs. Dodds had disappeared again. She was now inside the building, at the end of the entrance hall. That's ok, I thought. She's going to make me buy little Miss. Klepto a new shirt. That clearly wasn't the plan. I followed her farther into the museum. When I finally caught up to her, we were back in the Greek and Roman section. We were alone. Mrs. Dodds stood with her arms crossed in front of a big marble frieze of the Greek gods. She was making this weird noise in her throat, it sounded like growling. Even without the noise, I would've been nervous. It's weird being alone with a teacher, especially Mrs. Dodds. There was something about the way she looked at the frieze, as if she wanted to pulverize it… " You've been giving us lots of problems, honey." She said. " Y-yes ma'me." I decided to try to do the safest thing. "Did you really think you would get away with it?" She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket. The look in her eyes was far beyond crazy or mad. It was pure evil. She's a teacher, I thought nervously. It's not like she's going to hurt me. " I-I'll try harder ma'am." I said. Thunder shook the building. All I could think of was that the teachers must've found the illegal stash of candy I'd been selling out of my dorm room. Or maybe they'd realized I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the Internet without ever reading the book and now they were going to take away my grade. Or worse, they were going to make me read the book. " We'll?" She demanded. " Ma'am I don't k-" " Your time is up." She growled. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. She wasn't human. She was a shriveled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me to ribbons. Then things got stranger, if that's even possible. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me. With a yelp, I dodged and felt talons slash the air next to my ear. I snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword, Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds spun toward me with a murderous look in her eyes. My knees had turned to jelly, my shaking so badly that I almost dropped the sword. She snarled, "Die, honey!" And she flew straight at me. Absolute terror ran through my body. I did the only thing that came naturally: I swung the sword. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she were made of water. Hisss! Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching me. I was completely alone. Their was a ballpoint pen in my hand. My hands were still trembling. My lunch must've been contaminated with magic mushrooms or something. Had I imagined it all? I went back outside, finding that it had started to rain while I was indoors. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt. " She told me. I stared back at her blankly, I did not know anybody with the last name ' Kerr' and that was definitely not a first name. " Who?" " Our teacher. Duh!" " What are you talking about, Nancy?" She rolled her eyes and walked away. " Grover, do you know where Mrs. Dodds is?" "...Who?" He paused before he answered, I knew he was lying. " Not funny, man." I told him. " This is serious." Thunder boomed overhead. I saw Mr. Brunner sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if he'd never moved. I went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, . " I handed Mr. Brunner his pen. I hadn't even realized I was still holding it. "Sir, " I said, "do you know where Mrs. Dodds is?" He stared at me blankly. " Who?" "The other chaperone. Mrs. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher. " He frowned and sat forward, looking mildly concerned. "Percy, there is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling alright?" Man, this has around 3,000 words! I'm kinda proud! Anyway, see ya next time little stars. Luna, out!