being a cashier at the local grocery store. She told me that was a good goal to have) and who my friends are. When I said Luke she tensed and changed the subject. But that's okay. I only want to talk about what happened with two people. One is dead. The other is you. I imagine that we have a lot to talk about, you and I. But if you don't want to talk, I get it. I didn't want to talk either at first. Now all I want to do is talk. I guess it's because I'm trying to figure this all out. I want to be a chemist, my mind is hardwired for figuring out hard problems. I didn't think anything could get harder than Stoichiometry on the AP test but this is far harder. It's probably harder than finding a cure for cancer. Why did a perfectly normal boy like Luke do it? I don't know. But I do know you a little better now. I want to get to know you better Percy so please, please don't die. If you die I'll never be able to discuss why you put Achilles next to George Washington on the mural. I'll never be able to know how to plant the perfect rose. I'll never be able to have a lab partner as good as you were. I now know where you get your bravery. Everyone else thought that you were messed up, with your dark hair and leather jacket, your motorcycle which you drove a little too fast in a school zone. With your smoky breath and dying lungs. But now looking at it all, I guess there's a beauty to your brokenness. It's like in Chemistry when you mix two compounds together and you get a chemical reaction. Except this is a chemical reaction that you have to do in a fume-hood because the air it gives out is toxic. But even though it's toxic, the reaction is still useful because you can discover something from it, like the activity series for a metal. There's beauty that comes out of something that appears bad. Why? Why did you do it? I don't know. I don't even know you. You don't even know me. We were lab partners once. You stopped me from torching the whole school when my hair got a little too close to the propane tank. Remember that? You said "It'd be a shame to ruin those pretty blonde curls." I remember. But other than that we never talked. I wish we had. You deserve more attention than you got. You're a hero and I don't think anyone recognized that. Thank you. Those words seem so empty, like there's nothing that I can say to ever express my gratitude. And in a way there's not. There's nothing I can say which will be equivalent to what you did. You saved my life. Thank you. I realize I don't know much anymore. I've never been good at making pretty words. Words are so challenging. Numbers I can do but as you can tell from this letter, I have trouble with words. Your mum said that you write poetry. Maybe you can teach me how to make beautiful words. Love, Annabeth Like all of my other stories, this was titled after a song. It's called Beautiful Words by The Afters. The lyrics are of course included below. So why did I write this story? Well… I guess it's because I'm shocked by how many school shootings there have been recently. For a while it seemed like there was one every other week. According to Wikipedia, the USA has the most school-related shootings in the world. The definition given by the Secret Service and Department of Education is "school shootings and other school-based attacks where the school was deliberately selected as the location for the attack and was not a random site of opportunity." Lately I've been thinking about some pretty deep issues and this was one of them. What causes someone to shoot up a school? The answer: I have no idea. And I don't think anyone really does and if they claim to, they're lying because every incident is different. I've done some research and read why most people would shoot up a school and yet I can't help think: No, I don't think that's it . It's different for each person. And it's such a sad, awful, ugly truth about this world. We are messed up people. I didn't write this to say I'm thinking about doing this. I'm not. Not at all. I'm writing this to show the devastation it brings and this barely covers the surface. Depression is a VERY REAL thing but murder is never the answer. Ever. Well leave a review and tell me what you thought. It would mean a lot to me! Sincerely, Luna-Incendia14 Post Script- If you ever need to talk about anything just drop me a message, I'm not claiming to know any of the answers but I'm willing to listen. The greatest thing which can destroy you is silence. Silence creates more problems than help. You can email me at thegirlunderthestairs14 gmail .com or message me on Instagram at luna_incendia14 or just message me on here. Lyrics to Beautiful Words by the Afters: Slow down This is such a blur Tell me what's the hurry now Have we been running round in circles Missing all that we could be You say it's not too late [Chorus:] We are words On pages that we've left unturned An ending no one's ever heard We are a story slowly unfolding Beautiful words I could walk across the ocean With you walking next to me And you could melt away this winter Now we're starting over We will see it's not too late [Chorus] That last when everything else has passed Even when the stars are gone I know every single beautiful word that we were will live on [Chorus]