to the dead is not a crime. But then why does it take him the better part of a week to try and talk to him again? The answer is simple: Nico Di Angelo is ashamed. Death is part of life. It is something that children of Hades are supposed to take in stride and move on. They mourn, but they do not try and stop the natural order. Nico Di Angelo is a terrible son of Hades. He digs a ditch in a stretch of woods that border the ocean, a spot where he can see the beach where Will used to drag him on sunny days. He pours into it Sunny D and three cartons of French fries. A sprinkling of chicken nuggets, and then the words that summon ghosts. They crawl out of the ground, dragging themselves up towards moonlight and food and above all, companionship, and Nico almost forgets to draw his sword and keep back those who would drink. Those who are not who he tried to reach. He is fast, but not fast enough to keep back a shade with floppy blond hair and the kind of tan mere mortals can only dream of. For a second, Nico prays that it is the boy he wants so desperately to contact. "So you're the bastard who ruined my brother's death." He thought it had already shattered but, somehow, his heart breaks a little bit more. Lee Fletcher is angry. No, Lee Fletcher is furious. Once upon a time, Lee Fletcher was a living boy born in South Dakota to a women who didn't particularly mind that the sperm donor was a god, because she and her girlfriend had wanted a baby for a long time. Once upon a time, Lee Fletcher was in charge of protecting his brothers from things like death and destruction and heartbreak. Once upon a time, Lee Fletcher promised a little boy named Will that he would look after him. Once upon a time, Lee Fletcher sat in Elysium and watched as a battered soul once belonging to his brother and a boy named David walked in and demanded a meeting with the Lord of the Dead. It doesn't escape his notice that his brother doesn't come back from the meeting. "What happened? Where is Will?" Perhaps, if Lee were alive, he would be touched by the agony he can see on the son of Hades's face. As it is, Lee Fletcher has been dead for four years, and he isn't. "I don't know," he says shortly, cruelly. Nico lets out a noise that might have been a sob. "Please," he says. "I just—I wanted to say goodbye." "He's gone," Lee says, throwing the words at Nico like knives. "Because of you." "What do you mean?" Nico asks. When Lee's heart was still beating, maybe the tears on the other boy's face would have softened him. But it's a moot point. "My brother has been reborn," Lee says. "Twenty-five years too soon. Because of you." He casts his arm around, emphasizing the pit full of Sunny D and McDonalds. "Because he knew you would do this." Now Nico is angry. "I wanted to say goodbye—" "It's too late for that," Lee says. "You had your chance. You said goodbye." He leans in close, so that there's no chance of misunderstanding. "He doesn't want you to chase after him any longer. He's gone." "I banish you," Nico croaks. "I send you back to Hell. Leave, spirit, and darken these woods no longer." As Lee Fletcher and all the other spirits fade away, Nico collapses against a boulder and weeps. Eight years ago to the day, Will Solace died from injuries sustained in a broadside car accident. Nico Di Angelo knows this. He's a successful Wall Street broker, twenty-five years old and setting the financial world on fire, cuts a fine figure in his suit—but today, he will hail a taxi made of smoke, take it out to Long Island, and sit out on the beach to mourn. His boyfriend, Tyler, jokes it's the one time he'll actually tolerate the sun. Tyler Vaughn knows this. A son of Mercury, he's lost a lot of friends to war. Does he think it's weird that his boyfriend spends time each year mourning another boy's death? If he does, he doesn't say it. One day, he just hopes that Nico trusts him enough to let him tag along. Jason Grace knows this. He and Reyna and now Tyler meet up sometimes to make sure that Nico is still eating and breathing and all that. He's got a little girl now, Becca, but he'll be sure to check in with Tyler before the day is over. Morpheus knows this. The gods are cruel and callous, but at least they've found new playthings and moved on from a broken boy in a hospital bed. Thanatos knows this. Nothing sticks more than those who die and change the world. Does Apollo know this? Nobody is sure. A little boy named Ben Jung, however, has no idea. All he knows is that tomorrow is his eighth birthday and Mama said that all of the boys and girls in his class are going to come and there would be cake and ice cream and balloons and he hasn't wet the bed in almost a week, so it's just like Paul said and once you turn eight you stop things like that because eight is an important year, everyone says. Ben was born in San Diego, but they all moved to New York three years ago, and Ben remembers it no matter what Paul says about him being too little. Ben remembers the sun and the sky and the beach, but he likes New York, too. His mom worries about him because sometimes he takes off running when they go to the store together, chasing young professionals in black suits, but maybe eight is a magic year and he's outgrown that, too.