And another one a few inches away… "Annabeth!" Percy yelled in incredibility. "I found a Greek fire! It looks like it's been buried here from a thousand years ago!" " What? Don't blow yourself up with it!" "No, I won't! It's just…. How do you light these things up?" He glanced up at Annabeth, who stood in a tall tree, tying together what looked like vines as she seemingly was making her own plan. Meanwhile, Percy just found a huge stash of Greek fire someone just happened to accidentally drop, and he almost chuckled at Annabeth's stunned expression. "What-? How-? How do you have so many? Are they lit up?" "No! How do you get them started?" "You- you rub them on wood like with matches, only those get caught a lot easier- No, don't you dare-!" Too late. Percy grabbed a Greek fire and lit it up easily, before he chucked it as far as he could. He never was a really good baseball player, but he could throw. And that Greek fire hit the hydra directly at the neck, causing monster guts to explode everywhere. "Ew! Percy! What in Hades are you doing?" He had three more Greek fires, so he quickly lit them and threw them at the hydra just to make sure the creature stayed demolished. The sound was deafening; large explosions booming across through the forest and probably waking up any bears. But he managed to destroy the hydra, all while Annabeth just stood there and watched with her mouth open. "Who's the strategist now, Smart Girl?" Annabeth snapped out of her trance. "What the heck was that, Seaweed Brain? How did you even do that?" "I don't think you should keep calling me that since I just single-handedly exploded that hydra into bits!" "No, I'm serious, Percy. You just found four deadly weapons of Greek fire just lying in the ground? Show me where you found them." Her eyebrows crinkled together and she tucked her blonde hair behind her ears. Now that the immediate threat was gone, she had time to think. Percy walked over to where he almost hit his head on the tree and tapped his Nike shoe over where he found the Greek fire. "There was one here. And here. And here. And… here. They all were just lying in the ground, like someone tried burying them but didn't have a lot of time." Annabeth was thinking. Her gray eyes were unfocused as she looked at the scene, her hands reached out like she was going to praise the earth. She murmured, before looking at the general plants and trees in front of them. "Something isn't right here…" She dug around in the dirt a few times, before suddenly three silver arrows shot out of the ground. Percy and Annabeth both yelped and ducked as the three silver arrows flew over their shoulders and impaled themselves into a tree trunk that was standing on the other side of the clearing. Annabeth inspected the area where the arrows had flown out of, humming. "Impressive traps," she observed. "They look like they've been here for a long time, but they still work. Whoever made this was very intent on protecting whatever is here…" "What is there?" Percy asked. He felt kind of stupid as he just dumbly stood there while Annabeth was setting off all these death traps. Should he like, jump in front of her while his girlfriend worked? He didn't want Annabeth blown to bits or impaled or anything because he was too lousy and stupid to move and save her. "Something… I'm getting the impression, there's a room under here…." For the next few minutes, Annabeth tinkered around the area, moving plants and trees and setting off traps. There were not only arrows. Half of the ground collapsed into a ten feet hole with no way to get out. Another trap was a bunch of tranquilizer darts shooting out from the heavy oak tree. (How would you install that into a tree?) Another trap was a thousand knives ripping up from the dirt floor like teeth. Somehow, Annabeth always managed to fool the traps and bypass them, while Percy somehow seemed to always be standing in the right place where he didn't fall, get shot, or stabbed. Finally, Annabeth announced, "I think I cleared all traps." Percy walked forward, and he watched as Annabeth got on her knees to dig with her bare hands at the earth. "Annabeth, what are you…?" "Shh, Seaweed Brain. I'm onto something." Percy waited silently as Annabeth dug. She dug at least three feet down for twenty-five minutes until she suddenly yelled, "Percy! Come down and look! I found a door?" "A door?" Without a second thought, Percy leaped down into the hole next to Annabeth. Instead of landing on dirt, he landed on something hard and smooth. Sandstone. "What the heck is this?" "Sandstone," Annabeth confirmed. "That's not a natural material in this area, so this must be man-made. But this really clever. Look. I find this latch. That means this is a door, and it leads to something." She held onto a rusty silver handle that was screwed to part of the sandstone. "What is in there?" Percy asked for what felt like the billionth time. "I don't know, but looking at how hard the inventor must've tried to keep this hidden, I'm guessing there's something pretty special in here that wasn't meant to be open for a long time. And as Annabeth, the daughter of Athena, it just feels like my duty to find out what is hidden in here. Care to join?" "Sure," Percy said. And with a heavy pull, Annabeth yanked open the sandstone door, and they both peered inside the small window. "Oh… my… Gods…" PLEASE review on what you think! I actually kind of like this idea so I might spit out some chapters! Just review, because that's the only way I know your thoughts on this! ~Cynthia