Jason nearly wince from the statement of that. He moves his head back and grabs Leo by the chin, making the brown-haired Latino stare at the American wonder boy. "I didn't avoid you because you did something wrong...The reason I have been away a lot more is...bacause..." Jason bites the inside of his cheek a bit and his blush slowly grows. Leo's eyes start to twinkle with curiosity, making it a bit more harder for Jason to confess. "I...um..." "You what?" Leo leans his face closer to Jason, their breath almost mixing. The demigod of thunder couldn't help the electrical shiver going up and down his spine, his hormones raging on and his desire to take this teasing Spanish boy into his arms and claim him right on his cabin's bed. "I...love..." Jason's words slowly trails off and before he utters the last word, he couldn't hold back anymore. He grabs the back of the perfectly brown-haired head and slams those beautiful lips against his scarred one, surprising the fire-wielder from the force of the heated passion. Leo grabs onto Jason's shirt, feeling the muscles of Jason's arms tightening around him as if Jason fears Leo would run away the moment they relax. Leo didn't plan to. The Spanish demigod lets out a low moan, closing his eyes and kissing back into the loving action. The duo lands on the bed and when Jason manage to pull the dress down to reveal Leo's lean torso, the son of Jupiter hesitates and looks at the smiling face of his firebug. Sensing Jason's nervousness, Leo raises his head to touch his forehead against his crush's, stroking his cheek with his thumb caressing the scar on Jason's lips. "I love you too." That was all the encouragement Jason needs Neither of them left each other's side after that during Valentine's Day. ~At The Bonfire~ Annabeth can't stop grinning at what she sees first thing in the steamy night of the Valentine party the camp has made. Well, besides Reyna that is. Surrounding the bonfire are singing, dancing demigods with their chosen couple. Will is laughing along with Jake, twirling around each other in a dance of fun, Calypso is chatting away about something with a beautiful girl who smiles and giggles a few times, agreeing with Calypso's opinion and Frank is clumsily trying to dance, making Hazel laugh joyously as she tries to teach Frank how to dance, not at all bothered by the clumsy steps. But that wasn't the first thing she saw. The first sight she laid her eyes on was the display of affection from Nico with Percy and Jason with Leo. Leo is rambling on about the upgrades for Festus, his eyes twinkling with excitement on what amazing features he'll be able to put while the son of Jupiter smiles, listening with affection at the rambling he considers cute from the son of Hephaestus. And finally, the most popular couple to be noticed. Percy is snuggling up against the son of Hades, comfortable to be in his lap and arms with his own wrapped around the pale neck. His eyes are closed but the smile radiates pure joy, as if Percy is living in heaven or the world's greatest dream. But he isn't the happiest demigod in camp. No. That would be the son of Hades. The smile, so happy and full of love, is what make everyone realize just why the name 'di Angelo' is Nico's last name. Because his smile is the happiest anyone has ever seen, angelic like an angel. His dark orbs glimmer with a light as bright as the camp's flames when he places a soft kiss on Percy's forehead, something he had always wanted to do...besides claiming Percy and all his other fantasies. All in all, Annabeth hadn't seen Nico happier than being with Percy and vice versa. Reyna walks towards her way and wraps an arm around the blonde's waist, kissing her on the temple. "Looks like those two finally got things figured out." Annabeth lets out a low laugh, smiling gently towards her lover. "Yeah but I still can't wait to see the look on Jason's and Nico's face when they find out Percy and Leo can get pregnant." "No kidding." Reyna grins humourously. "Come on, we should leave them alone." Annabeth nods in agreement before looking back at the two couple as well as the group. They have come so far from the war and in the end, saving the world was worth it... Nico cradles Percy in his arms and with a loving tone in his voice, he whispers quietly against the now blushing boy. "I love you, my Sea Prince." Though Percy buries his face against the crook of Nico's neck, his smile against the skin and the words escaping his lips made Nico smile all the more bigger. " Ti amo, Il mio fantasma re*" This year's Valentine's day, the first one after the defeat of Gaia, is truly the brightest one of them all. I'm sorry for not making a happy ending for Piper but I just had to X-X Kuro: And so begins the sappiest day of the year =w= Mii-kun: Aw, come on, Kuro! You really are a sourpuss. Kuro: Bah! =3= Me: You can't blame him for being a sourpuss, Mii-kun. Don't you know about Kuro's first lo- Kuro: AHH BAB BAB BAB! Nooooo explanation! =w= Me: -.- Fine, fine. To the fellow fans of Nicercy, glad to see you all enjoy the romance between Nico and Percy! (or the ones who do, at least). And to the Jason x Leo -Idon'tknowtheirpairingnames- fans, I hope there's a lot of you cuz I'm pretty much surprised by the lack of fanfics of this pairing. Anyways, Happy Early Valentine's Day! Kuro and Mii-kun: Please read and review! *Throws any flames into the Camph Half-Blood bonfire* *Il mio fantasma re - My Ghost King in Italian. Not sure if its accurate but I used Google translate.