I just can't." "Why?" And then she told him. She told him everything. "Do you ever just look up into the stars and think about how small you really are compared to everything?" Frederick questioned. They were watching Roman Holiday for the tenth or so time. "I mean, the universe is so big, and it's still expanding, you know," "Like sands of the hourglass, so are the days of our lives," Helen quoted. "That's Socrates, isn't it?" he asked. "Yeah." They were quiet for a moment, engrossed in the movie. "Helen," he said quietly, so quietly that she almost didn't hear. "Helen," he repeated. "Mm?" she said. "What is it, Frederick?" He tossed her an apple. "That's okay," she muttered. "Not hungry." His face drooped. Frederick looked generally disappointed. Wait a minute... Was he... "I'm not supposed to eat this," Helen said, a bit hesitantly. "Am I?" "No," Frederick said, smiling a bit. "I supposed you're not. Unless of course, eating it was somehow part of the ancient Greek tradition, but I don't think so." "Okay," Helen said, smiling. Frederick got on one knee. "Helen Marie Brown," he said. "Will you marry me?" "Yes," she said. "I will," "They're dead," she told him, her voice emotionless. "My parents. They're dead." "Both of them?" Frederick asked. Helen nodded. "My mother had been sick for a long time, and I guess my father couldn't stand it without her," she took a deep breath. "He died of a heart attack the next day." "I'm sorry," he said quietly, studying her face. "I'm so sorry." Suddenly, there was wind in her eye, or-or something, because forbidden tears were falling down her cheek. "I'm sorry," she told him, wiping her eye. "I-I have allergies." "It's okay," Frederick told her, looking at the engagement ring on his finger. "Pardon?" Helen said. "It's okay to cry sometimes," he said, looking down. "I-I've had a little experience," And suddenly, she realized that she was looking at the face of a man who was as broken as she was. Maybe love was when two broken people came together, not to fix their brokenness, but to find a matching piece. Frederick hugged her as she sobbed into his shirt. He smelled like home. The way home should smell. "I didn't cry when Matthew died," she muttered. "I know," he whispered. "So why am I crying now? I didn't even like my parents!" Helen cried. "Yes, you did," Frederick said firmly. "You're only lying to yourself, Helen," Why did he always have to be right? She picked up the phone. "Would you mind watching Annabeth for me on Saturday?" Frederick questioned. "Please?" he begged. "I have to go to a conference," Helen sighed. Saturday was her one day of the week that she had off. "Can't you hire a babysitter?" she complained. "Nope," he said. "I can't find one, and I don't trust them, anyways," "Fine," Helen muttered. Annabeth showed up at her house at 7 o'clock sharp. She stood on the steps of Helen's house, looking tired and annoyed. Very, very annoyed. "Where's your father?" Helen questioned. "He dropped me off," the small girl muttered, looking down. "He didn't even say goodbye," "Well, maybe he forgot," Helen said. "He always forgets," Annabeth complained. She bit her lip. "Did you eat breakfast yet?" Helen asked. "Nope," Annabeth muttered. "Well, do you want something? I have Lucky Charms," "I'm not hungry." she replied, crossing her arms. "Well, if you get hungry just ask, okay?" Helen said. Annabeth sighed. "Don't you get it?" she cried. "I hate you! I don't want you to marry my dad!" Her fists shook with anger, her eyes flashing. "I don't know what he sees in you! I mean, you're probably the first person he's ever dated. I don't even know what he's trying to do! It's stupid!" She burst into tears. Not of sadness, but of anger. "It-it's illogical! It's unprecedented!" She threw up her hands. "It's crazy!" "It's love." They drove to her parents' old house, an entire five hours away. Annabeth seemed to enjoy helping Helen destroy the beautiful paintings that hung on the walls and smash the porcelain into small pieces that no one would ever be able to put together again. The dramatic five year old told Helen that porcelain reminded her of her heart when she found out that her father was getting married. "I want you to meet my sister," he had said, sounding proud. "She's just a bit younger than me." "Sure," she replied. "Why not?" "So you must be the Helen I've heard all about," Natalie said, sitting down in a chair "Well, most likely," Helen responded, sitting on the couch. "Do you want some coffee?" Natalie shook her head. "Hey, I want you to know that I think Annabeth's a pretty smart girl," she said, looking around the house. "So, um, she usually is right about these sort of things, but I mean, I wanted to meet you before I jumped to any conclusions..." "She hates me, I know," Helen said. "She told me. And you probably hate me too," "No..." "Look," Helen sighed. "If you don't like coffee, I also have tea. And soda," "Water's okay," Natalie said. Ten minutes before the wedding was set to happen, Natalie walked up to her. "Look, she said. "I don't hate you. I barely know you. I don't believe in hating people I don't know," "Okay," Helen said. Natalie sighed. "Look, I want you to be happy, I really do. Just not at the expense of my niece," She turned and left. The wedding went smoothly. No screaming. No one saying "I object." (Though Natalie looked pretty close to it.) The worst thing that happened was that Annabeth cried. But that was everything. Helen thought it something she had once read: "The apple never falls far from the tree." Not unless the wind blows it away. A/N: Thank you all for reading this far. I will update soon! Please review!