hands in his own and placed it against the sun shape on his hoodie. Nico's first instinct was to push away, but the calm blue eyes that met his quickly made him drop that thought. "Okay, breathe in real deep, through the nose," Nico felt the stranger's chest rise with his demonstration, "hold for a few seconds, then sigh it out. C'mon, do it with me. In…" Nico drew in deep, shaky breaths, following along with the blond. Sure enough, after a few of these breathing sequences, he felt the dizziness begin to fade, and his nerves gradually started to settle. "Good, that's it, you're doing great," the blond murmured as he rubbed slow circles into Nico's back. There was something so compelling about this man's voice that Nico found it difficult to disagree with; it was soft and warm, like actual sunlight. "This is the 'stress breath'," he continued, "it's really useful in these kinds of situations." When Nico was finally able to regulate his breathing, he heaved a deep sigh and buried his face in his hands, rubbing at his tired eyes. "Good gods …" The blond bent down, as if he were trying to meet Nico's gaze. "You alright...?" Dropping his hands, Nico leaned back into the chair, staring up at the night sky above him. "That was the fucking worst . Who the hell was that guy?" Before the stranger could answer, a pair of people - a short, built brunet and a woman with purple hair - approached where they were sitting. "Everything okay, Will? What happened?" The woman asked. The blond - Will - made a noise of disgust and turned to her. "Eros happened, Lou. That should say enough. Cecil, mind grabbing some water for this guy, please?" The short guy, Cecil, nodded and headed back inside the club as the woman called Lou pulled a chair over next to Nico's. "Gross. Fuckin' scumbag." With the arrival of the other two, Nico had tensed up a bit; the last thing he wanted was more people crowding around him while he was already feeling overwhelmed. But still, he was curious. "Yeah, what's that guy's deal?" Lou turned to answer him with a roll of her eyes. "Okay, so, Eros - that's not even his real fuckin' name, it's like, Eugene or something. But he comes in eeeevery weekend lookin' to score some hot young ass. Girls, guys, in-between, or none at all - it doesn't matter to him, he'll perv on anyone he can get his disgusting hands on. He's fuckin' creepy as hell. And all three of us have had to deal with him at some point." "Ugh, don't remind me," Will groaned, finally removing his hand from Nico's back and raking it through his hair. "Last time he kept sneaking up on me and trying to grind on my ass." "To be fair, your ass is pretty amazing. Very grind-able." "True, but still. Didn't he grab your tits once?" "Yes, and they're nice tits so I can't blame him, but I still decked him in the fuckin' jaw." Nico scowled, a shudder running through his body. "Gods, what a douchebag." "Yeah, it's a wonder they haven't banned him from the place yet," Will commented, crossing his arms. "I've tried telling the owners like a million times not to let his sleazy ass in 'cause literally all he does is drink a lot and hit on people half his age." Lou nodded in agreement, meeting Nico's eyes. "It's 'cause his mom owns the place or some shit, I dunno. That's the popular rumor. Anyway, my friend Will here is like, actual Gay Jesus-" "Pan Jesus, technically." "-and goes around cockblockin' Eros whenever he sees him botherin' someone. He's like a fuckin' legend in this club." Will scoffed, shaking his head. "That's overstating it, Lou. I just… I don't like seeing him do that to people. It's sexual harassment. I just try to do the right thing and intervene before someone gets hurt, you know?" Nico turned to look at Will as he spoke, his own gaze boring into the other's, looking, searching. There was nothing but sincerity and compassion in those blue eyes of his, and Nico might've felt his heart melt just a little. "So… I guess I should thank you, then?" Will shrugged and started to reply when Cecil came back with a small glass of water. "Here ya go," he said, handing it to Nico, "drink up, cool yourself down." Nico gratefully took the water and sipped on it, the refreshing coldness soothing his throat muscles. He let out another long sigh after downing half the glass. "This is not my night. Didn't even really want to come." He could feel Will's eyes on him, looking him over. "Yeah, you don't look like someone who'd hang out here a lot. It's not goth enough." Nico shot him a glare, only to be met with a cheeky smirk in response. "So? What brings you to Elysium tonight, ah…?" "Nico. And I'm only here because my sisters thought it'd be fun to drag me out of my apartment so that my asshole friends could surpr- shit, my friends!" He suddenly stood up, setting his half-empty glass on a nearby table. "I said I was going to the bathroom , they probably think I bailed on them. Fuck." The other three quickly exchanged glances with each other before standing up themselves. "Well, hey," Cecil offered, "we can walk ya back if you want." Lou nodded, patting Nico on the back. "Yeah, that way if we run into Eros again then he'll know to fuck off." "I…" Nico took a moment to weigh his options: walking back through the immensely crowded club with an extra three people on his back and possibly running into that douchelord again, versus his friends being mad at him for potentially skipping out on his own birthday party. The choice was pretty obvious here. "Yeah, okay. I'd appreciate that."