for stealing a BMW and then claiming that she didn't mean to do it and that she talked the guy into it. Can you believe her?" "I did!" Piper said. "He asked if I wanted it and I said yes!" "See what I mean?" Leo said. "She's crazy, this I can testify for." "Hey! You're not the most sane person I've ever met!" Piper said indignantly. "Yeah but we already know that and I openly admit it," Leo grinned. "Nico over here… well no one knows why he's here. Why are you here Nico?" "I can see the dead," Nico said in all seriousness. Leo snorted and then laughed. "That's the answer he gives us every time, can you believe this guy," Leo said. Nico gave him a weak grin but Percy had a feeling there was more to his story than he let on. "So why are you here?" "I have dreams…" Percy said awkwardly. Leo stared at him. "That's the reason? Heck everyone has dreams. I mean I have this great dream where I can light up in a ball of fire and then I have all these girls absolutely drooling over me," Leo leaned back in his chair, a dreamy smile on his face. "It's pretty awesome." "Not those kind of dreams you idiot," Percy snapped. "Dreams that make you wish that you had never been born, that make you wake up in a cold sweat every night, afraid for your life. Those dreams." "Oh… more like nightmares," Leo said quietly. "Like Annabeth," Nico said, staring at Percy with his dark eyes. "Annabeth? Who's Annabeth?" Percy asked. "Annabeth Chase," Piper said, turning around and scanning the cafeteria. "She's been here since she was seven, rare exception to the rules. She's a junior so I don't hang out with her very much because most juniors hate the sophomores but I've talked to her enough. She's right there." She pointed to a girl sitting at a table full of people. Everyone was laughing except for her. Percy's breath hitched. She was long blond curls which fell to her waist and for a split second she looked up and caught eyes with Percy. His heart pounded faster in his chest. Her eyes were a deep grey. "Annabeth Chase," Leo said wistfully. "Most popular girl at Goode and the resident genius. Every guy wants a chance to meet her." "Leo included," Nico said, leaning back in his chair. "What about you Nico?" Percy asked. Nico shook his head. "Not really my type," Nico said, whatever that meant as he stared at Percy for an awkward moment. Percy shifted nervously in his seat. What was with the staring? "So Percy have you gotten your schedule yet?" Piper asked as she took a bite of her salad. "Do you have any classes with us fabulous sophomores?" Nico snorted at this. "I don't know yet," Percy said, "Luke was going to help me figure out where I was going but as he's disappeared," Percy shrugged. "Oh he hasn't disappeared," Piper said. "He's just hanging out with his girlfriend." Piper made a face at this. She seemed to do that a lot. "Girlfriend?" Percy asked. Piper nodded and jerked her thumb back at the table where they had been staring at Annabeth. Percy turned again to look and saw Luke sitting at the table, his arm wrapped snuggly around Annabeth's shoulders. For some reason the very sight made Percy's stomach twist in anger. Why? He had no idea of course. "He's her boyfriend?" Percy asked. Piper nodded. "Yep, that's why she's quote unquote, 'off limits' to all other guys at Halfblood. Luke would murder you in your sleep if you even looked at Annabeth Chase." "Great to know, thanks for the warning," Percy muttered. "They're really close, they came here together along with another girl, Thalia Grace." "Where's she?" Percy asked. Piper, Leo, and Nico all exchanged nervous looks to each other before looking back at Percy. "She got sent away a few years ago, Thalia had a problem with storms. She was a little off her rocker in that sense if you get what I mean," Leo said. "No I don't," Percy replied. "What he means is that Thalia Grace was a storm addict. A storm rolled in here and you could find Thalia out in the water or somewhere dangerous. It was almost as if she wanted to get herself electrocuted. She claimed that she couldn't be hurt but we all know that's impossible. They tried to 'fix' her as they call it here but she rebelled against them all. She had a habit of rebelling. She was as dangerous as the storms were. They sent her to a nut house about three years ago," Nico explained. "Oh…" Percy said, his voice trailing off. A girl like him, addicted to something that he couldn't control. He hadn't shared it with anyone else but Percy didn't just have strange dreams. He was an addict as well. An addict to water. Not that he cared to explain that to anyone else. "So Luke didn't tell you anything at all?" Piper asked, her kaleidoscope eyes studying Percy. Percy shook his head. "Great, that means we can show you around, including the lava pit!" Leo said happily. Percy nearly choked on his burger. "Lava pit?" Percy asked. "What kind of a crazy institute are you running here?" He asked. Leo grinned like a maniac. "Who knows? Sometimes I wonder myself," Leo said. "Come on, if you're done we can head to the Big House and get your schedule." "I'll tag along," Piper said, standing up and brushing her hands on her jeans. "You coming Nic?" She asked Nico who was still leaning back in his chair. "Nah, I'm good," Nico said. "I'll catch up with you guys later." "Okay, have fun Ghost Boy," Leo said. "Let's go Dream Child. You're going to love the Big House," Leo grinned with the grin of a maniac. That terrified Percy.