my two twin step-brothers and trying to study for my college entrance exams (because I sadly won't be going backpacking across Europe). My step-mother spends most of her times with her friends… at bars or clubs or those places. And my step-brothers are terrors. But they're very cute terrors. Thankfully the worst that they've ever done is set the fire alarm off, they wanted to try my wax kit and accidently burned the paper. They're not the brightest tools in the tool box. So I guess it was nice to get back to school this Monday, I can actually hear myself think at least. Well as long no one answers questions too stupidly. (I mean honestly who thinks that Athens is in South Africa). So the topic for today: pain. Why do you think we have to suffer? I mean honestly what's the point of having suffering in this world? Why do I have to have an evil (yes I am using that word correctly) step-mother? And why do you…because I bet you're going through trials as well… have to suffer whatever you're suffering through. Why does it have to hurt? I'm not a big one for pain. I don't like being hurt, I don't like hurting people. Why do we have to suffer when terrible people in the world (like celebrities and politicians, they are the worst!) why do they get nice things. But when I thought about it, I realized pain makes a stronger. It's like I said in my first words for the wise. It's when you get back up that you realize just how strong you were. Pain is weakness leaving the body. And I think that pain gives us experiences that we need. Experiences that make us love harder and trust more. I think pain is worth it. We may not like it at first. But in the end, every scar is a battle symbol. I hope I'm not being too… preachy or something. I hope you're day is going well. I hope that you're staying strong. Thank you for listening to my rambling and everything. Most people think that I just need to shut up. But oh well. They can think that, and if you think it, then you can think it too. Words for the Wise: Every time I'm cut, every time I'm bruised, I know that I'm only getting stronger, it's only making me better. It's a badge I'll honor. Things can get worse but there's always a worst, there's always a rock bottom, always a hell. And once I've been there, that means I get to work my way up to the best, to the pinnacle, to the Heavens. Post Script-The Last Battle by C.S. Lewis The girl with tan skin looked at the letter in front of her. When she was satisfied with it she folded it up and slipped it into the envelope. She pulled out her wax and melted it right on the overlap and then stirred the crimson wax that she thought could quite possibly look like blood. When it began to harden, she pressed her seal over it and then smiled. Done. "Bus is here!" her step-mother said, banging on her door. The girl made a face and then jumped up and grabbed her backpack and hurried out of the door, making sure that her letter was safely tucked into her pocket. As she rode in the bus to school she clutched her backpack to her chest as she stared out at the moving cars. She wasn't an insecure girl, she just didn't want to open up to all these stupid people. She couldn't help it. She moved her arm so that her bruises weren't visible. Seventeen Weeks Later The boy with the pale skin had never actually fallen in love with a girl. Most girls annoyed the living daylight out of him. But this girl that had written thirty letters, all of which he had kept, was slowly itching a way into his heart. And he had never met her before. Was this normal? He wondered as he headed back to the library and searched for the book: Till We Have Faces by C.S. Lewis, his mystery girl had a thing for C.S. Lewis and mangos and pomegranates and architecture and owls and peppermint icecream. He pulled out the letter and opened it up, peeling off the wax: Do it for me. Please whoever you are, whoever has been reading my letters. Please, please do it for me. Live for me. I'm moving. I'm moving back to California so I can't finish these letters anymore. I can't attend NYU or travel through Europe or do anything. My book is total trash. Or at least that's what the editor told me that I sent it to. I guess I should have suspected as much. It didn't have any intense sex scene or bad language every three words. So I guess it's not good enough. I mean I wasn't meaning to write the next Fifty Shades of Grey! It was supposed to be a young adult novel. But apparently it was terrible. So I'm breaking our promise. I can't do it anymore. But you can. Will you do it? Will you travel through Europe for me? Will you live your dream? Please. This is short and may sound sappy but gods, live for me. Please. Please. Words for the Wise: When your dreams are crushed it's like the world's falling down around. Like everything's shattering and you're left wondering will it ever be okay? Will you ever be strong again? Post Script- None. The boy stared at the letter in disbelief. So this was the end? Was this what it felt like to be dumped in a letter? Because he certainly felt dumped. But something in him was aflame. He would live, damn it he would live for her. He tucked the envelope into his pocket and strode purposely out of the library. Percy Jackson would live.