the world, and her mother runs one of the biggest drug cartels in the Southwest. You'd never guess it from looking at Madeleine La Rue. She's practically the opposite of her daughter in every way. I've never met her, but I've seen pictures. She's this tiny little Canadian woman, thin-boned with a classically pretty face. Her hair is the same blondish-brown color as Clarisse's and her eyes are brown as well, but that's really it. For the first few years I was at camp, I was utterly convinced she ran a yarn store. Everyone was. Until Sherman, Clarisse's favorite brother, told me she was this huge name in drug smuggling and dealing. "Why?" I ask. "Chiron thought it would be best for me to, I don't know, try living in the mortal world for a while. I agreed to try for a few months, so I left after Christmas. Told everyone I was on a secret mission. Then one Saturday in April, it was 104 outside, so I went for a run." "Of course you did," I say dryly. Clarisse has this thing about training in extreme weather situations. I remember one winter, she and Sherman had this epic duel outside camp borders in a huge blizzard. It doesn't surprise me that she likes to run in hundred-degree temperatures. "I found you just outside the city limits. You were wearing full armor and kept asking me for string, and I brought you back to the house." Oh, gods. Ariadne's String. They probably have it by now. Which means they're coming here and are probably going to destroy us all. I must have the weirdest look on my face because Clarisse starts laughing. "Relax, they already came. Yesterday. We won." Wait, what? How? Why? Clarisse has never exactly been the chattiest, but this is quiet even for her. And she loves bragging about battles. You have no idea. She once spent three hours reciting a blow-by-blow account of the final battle in 300 and how she would have done better. For the record, that's sixty-three minutes longer than the actual movie. "Is that it? Are you really keeping a battle description to under ten seconds?" I ask. Was she abducted by aliens? Did something crush her spirit? Did Dementors suck out her soul? She gives me that patented "Oh, come on" look that Ares kids do so well. It's usually followed by a "I'm going to hurt you" look, but she skips that. Because I crushed her spirit. I left, and then I came back nuts. And I haven't exactly proved my trustworthiness with anything. Somehow, I keep forgetting that I'm a convicted traitor and should be dead. "Maybe it wasn't a very good battle," she says softly, looking at the campfire circle. "Clarisse—" "Are you going to go back?" she asks. The question sits between us like a gauntlet or a grenade or something. Am I going to go back to the Titans? Honestly, I have no idea. I only started thinking rationally about an hour ago. Besides, I doubt I could make it to the border right now, much less to wherever the Titans are. And even if I did want to go, I have no idea where they would be. I'm making excuses, I realize. I want to stay. Not for the gods or for the camp. For the girl who spent four months trying to piece me back together. "No," I say. It sounds so good, I say it again. "No, I think I'm going to stay." "Why?" I want to do the same thing she did to me in the infirmary—lean over, kiss her dramatically, and ask "Any more stupid questions?"—but I keep forgetting that my muscles literally atrophied and I flail right off the bench and land in the dirt. "Are you okay?" Clarisse asks, right back into concerned nurse mode. Can I die from embarrassment? Can Gaia literally just swallow me right now? "I'm fine," I manage, and I thank God that I'm dark enough that I don't blush. "Are you sure? You're all red." Gods dammit, I forgot I spent all summer inside. "Yeah, I'm okay. Can—can you help me up?" As if my pride were not bruised enough, she easily picks me up with one hand and deposits me back on the bench. At least we're a lot closer now. We sit in awkward silence for a couple moments before Clarisse starts snickering. "You were going to steal my move, weren't you?" she asks. "The lean-in, quick kiss, "Any more stupid questions" thing?" If possible, I blush harder. "Yeah." She punches me on the shoulder, and I have to grab the side of the bench to avoid falling into the dirt again. Clarisse's light punches are everybody else's normal punches. "Don't steal my move, Rodriguez," she says. I lean in and kiss her then, right on the lips. Okay, slightly off-center, but I'm counting it since I spent the last four months out of my mind. "Looks like I have to make up my own moves, then," I say. At this, Clarisse literally guffaws. She shoves me, and I fall right off the bench. "Well, it's going to have to be better than that," she says. "That was awful." Before I can even retort, she's picked me off the ground and is dragging me to the arena. "You've got a lot of work ahead of you," she says. "Let's get to it." As I stumble behind her, I take stock of all my life choices that led me here. Is this really where I want to be? Who I want to be with? Was I crazy before, or am I now? Do I know what I've gotten myself into? Will Clarisse let me stop at the bathroom before we start? Then I look at the six-foot-two girl in front of me, who's still laughing at my piss-poor attempt at flirting. Is this really where I want to be? Yeah. Yeah, it is.