of what had happened. He wasn't quite sure himself. All he knew was that it hurt like hell. There are some deaths in the world you'll never get over, there is pain that is always going to haunt you. Scars don't heal. Neither do deaths. You might think you've gotten over them. But you haven't. And you never will. o.O.o He was staring at the hotel ceiling. He could see it all coming around in his head. Every little detail. The TV was still talking about it all. They had released that a Miss Annabeth Chase had been killed in the car crash. At only seventeen the world had lost one of its brightest and most talented minds. He was glad that they didn't mention that it was suicide. It was a week later and it still hurt. He was pretty sure that it always would. No one that had found out that it was a suicide couldn't believe that Annabeth Chase would have taken her own life. She had always seemed like such a sweet and beautiful girl, always smiling and living her life to the fullest. No one imagined that she was in trouble. That's the hard thing about life. We can't know. And people are always telling us that. "Don't judge you don't know what they're going through." And yet we still judge. He remembered the little emails going around when he was in highschool about how the girl you're picking on for being fat is throwing up every night and all that. Sure that was good but how many people actually tried to get to know the person that was being bullied, tried to befriend the outcast. The answer was not enough. He was trying to hold onto everything that he could remember about her. He loved her so much that it hurt. Love hurt. But it was a good kind of hurt. Maybe that was what love was. Love was being vulnerable with them. Love was being willing to get hurt. "How could you leave me?" He whispered quietly. But he knew that she couldn't hear him. She was dead. And he knew why. Life slips away from us so easily. There are so many things that we can't control, lives we don't know about end with only a single word. To love and be loved is the greatest thing that can happen to a human. And Death is a reality. He rolled over onto his side. He missed her bad and it hurt so much. And nothing he could do would bring her back to him. The cuts and the bruises aren't going to heal The scars on my heart aren't going to fade. They're out for the world to see, all real And the pain isn't going to back from what's made. And I'm broken inside but looking at you I see hope and maybe light Because I know that you've been through it too. And yet you haven't stopped the fight. Love you're all that's left of me Other than these cuts and these scars The marks no one can even see Unseen are the most painful by far But maybe I'll breathe a little Before my lungs fill with poison And my bones turn brittle Because I keep hearing all your voices. O Sometimes we like to deny it's reality. But it's real. And there's no formula, there are no statistics for depression or anything like that, you don't have to fit these "criteria" to be depressed. So while this was thrown together in one day, this story is so much more than just a one shot. I know most people don't read one shots because well… because they're one shots. But I hope that you read this and tell people about it. And if you're suffering from things like this, please message me. I'm here for you and I'm going through the same thing so maybe we can help each other out. I'm a great listener and I don't judge. Once again I don't know what this is. But… but I felt called to write this. So write it I did. You are loved remember that. ~Luna-Incendia14 PS This story was based off of Hotel Ceiling by Rixton which was written by Ed Sheeran. It's seriously haunting and if you have the time please go and listen to it. I can see it coming round full circle my friend. On the TV they said they had reported you dead. It was my fault 'cause I could've sworn that you said. It was easy to find another for your bed. How does it feel to leave me this way, When all that you have's been lost in a day? Everyone knows, but not what to say. I've been wonderin' now. I've been staring at the hotel ceiling, Drinking everything I've found this evening, Trying to hold on to the sweetest feeling, So I'll never let you go, don't you leave me lonely. Start to see this, everyone I know cannot believe this. I'm trying to hold on to the sweetest feeling, So I'll never let you go, don't you leave me lonely now. When my eyes open morning pulls me into the view, no I guess I'm only acting in the way that you do. Just being alone, no. Only time tells me more than I hope, all that I know is I'll be finding a fortnight alone and behold. I know I shouldn't have let you go. I've been staring at the hotel ceiling, Drinking everything I've found this evening, Trying to hold on to the sweetest feeling, So I'll never let you go, don't you leave me lonely. Start to see this, everyone I know cannot believe this. I'm trying to hold on to the sweetest feeling, So I'll never let you go, don't you leave me lonely now. I can see it coming round full circle, my friend. On the TV they said they had reported you dead.