the knife in Will's chest twists painfully. He caves in. "...but if this is what you really want, then I won't deny you." Everything seems like a blur after that, a mess of limbs and hands and lips. Their bodies slowly move together; Nico holds on to Will as if his life depends on it, Will protectively hovers over him and whispers sweet nothings into his ears. Will doesn't even care if he gets off or not, really - his sole focus is making Nico feel good, making him feel wanted and needed and loved. Nico almost sounds like he's crying again, the way he gasps and whimpers beneath him. Usually, the sounds his boyfriend makes during sex drives Will mad with desire, but there's nothing particularly heated or passionate about it this time. Just the two of them, moving softly and slowly, as close as they can get to one another, with Will kissing Nico's tears away and running warm hands all over the thin man's body. With a short cry, Nico climaxes, and Will slows his movements, ignoring the stickiness between them in favor of holding his boyfriend closely until he comes down from his high. When Nico's breathing calms, Will withdraws himself and gets up, quickly retrieving a washcloth from the bathroom. "Will, you…" Nico's gaze is focused on the lower half of Will's body when he returns. "You're still hard." "Don't worry about it, Neeks," Will replies as he cleans them both off. "I just wanted you to feel good, I couldn't care less about satisfying myself." "But I want you to feel good, too," Nico replies with a yawn. Will smiles and bends down to kiss Nico's forehead, stroking his soft hair. "It's late, and you're exhausted. I don't mind taking a rain check until you're feeling better." Nico opens his mouth to protest again, but Will is already back in bed, tugging him close. "You okay now?" he asks quietly, as Nico moves to rest his head on his chest. With a grunt of affirmation, Nico nods and throws an arm over Will, tangling their legs together. "Tired," he murmurs. Will wraps an arm around his shoulders as Nico makes himself comfortable. "Yeah, me too. It's been a really long day." They fall silent, and Will contents himself with staring at the ceiling, carding his fingers through his boyfriend's loose curls and mulling over everything that had happened today. Depression is not something to be taken lightly. It is nothing to be romanticized, nothing to dismiss as simple sadness. Depression is much more than that; it's a void in your soul, a hole where your heart needs to be but isn't. It's a disease that spreads through your mind until your bones ache and your senses become numb and you're left as an empty shell. Some handle it differently than others - some give in to the devils in their head and condemn themselves to the sleep of death. But there are also those who fight it, who clash with it endlessly, day and night, every day of their life. It's exhausting, and the thought of giving up is nothing new to them. Still, they power on. Some are able to overcome the monsters and take hold of their life again, and some may fight with it until they're old and on their deathbeds. Here's the thing, though: while depression remains a terminal illness to some, it's still fully treatable. With the right support system, with your warriors behind you and ready to back you up at a moment's notice, it's still possible for you to take the reins. It's up to you to make the final call, though, to make the decision to shout to yourself that you're strong and capable, that you have a presence in this world, that you're deserving of all the love that there is to be given. Only you can fix yourself, after all. Nico has always been a fighter. He's lived through things that many people should never have to experience - love and loss, the nightmares that life can bring, the beasts that rise from the abyss of your mind and tear you apart piece by piece. The fight is far from over, though. There are still many trials for him to overcome, many more things that will try his tired soul until he feels like he's drowning, many barriers for him to cross until he breaks free from the torment. Will knows this, accepts this, and supports him in whatever he may do. And while Nico, stubborn, independent Nico , may crash and burn every so often, Will is there to help him get back on his feet; he treats Nico's wounds with love and care and warmth, he helps Nico rebuild his armor until he's ready to head back into the fray. "Will?" The sound of Nico's voice breaks him from his thoughts. "What is it, hon?" Nico squirms a little before lifting his head, pressing his lips to Will's jaw. "Thank you. I love you." Will smiles and returns the kiss with one to Nico's hair. "I love you too. Always." There are always going to be days like this. Days where Nico listens to the monsters and loses his sense of self, days where he lets the disease control him. But when the sun sets and rises again, Will is there to remind him that today is a new day, a clean slate. For everything that Will does for his boyfriend, there's no doubt in his mind that Nico would do the same for him any day of the week. With a sigh of relief, Will dozes off knowing that depression is not permanent, and it doesn't define those who suffer from it. There is always a way to fight. And by the way that Nico rests against him, completely relaxed and breaking softly, he can only hope that he was able to bring Nico some peace, if only for a moment.