awards of the time, he would have won them all. Logan is something of fame throughout Western Europe; Calypso becomes a housewife for three years, simply because this is what women of the time are reduced to, and wears a thin blue veil around her face and conservative clothing and hates it immediately-there is nothing marvelous about cooking and cleaning and praying to the Gods, something that she does with reluctance-Logan and her often fight about it. "They are the Gods, how could you not pray to them?" "I just don't see the point," she speaks cautiously; the truth is not something for Logan's ears. He doesn't even know her heritage, the most important thing about her, Alexander used to say. "Of praying to the Gods, I mean. They're not doing anything wonderful for me-" "You're going to curse this family." (and on, and on, and on.) And somewhere along the days, Calypso doesn't remember when she fell in love with him-it takes ten years for him to notice that something's wrong with her, that she's not aging, that she can't have children, and she is cast out onto the streets. Telling him the truth isn't worth a life of false promises and seclusion from the rest of the world, hidden away like a mistake. Here's the most important thing: Calypso's not quite sure how any of this happened. ... Alexander dies on one of the many dies that makes up life-in the morning, Calypso wakes up to scrawled notes and a golden sword by her bedside, and a small piece of peppermint-flavoured chocolate, and smiles broadly, and then stops, and wonders if it is poisoned. She lets her tongue run over the flavour, and devours the sweet within seconds and leaps up from her bedsheets running to Alexander's tent to thank him for this gift. Instead, she finds his body mutilated, chopped up into pieces, some missing, others evaporating into dust, combusting into pools of fire and flame, and all that remains after the test combusts is his right forearm and elbow, upon which is a silver bracelet, the words of the family crest emblazoned and burned onto the silver, and Calypso removes it slowly, as though if she takes it away too quickly, he shall wake up and slap her for her impudence, takes all the supplies she thinks she'll need- pack lightly, she remembers her brother's words-and runs away. ... "Zeus. Hera." At the age of ten, he makes her recite the names of those who have destroyed them, have led them to living in the streets like common beggars, nameless figures among others nameless figures-they are nothing, and once upon a time, they were so great, the Titans were forces to be reckoned with, and now Atlas has gone into hiding with the remaining Titans scattered across the world, and sometimes, at night, he stares down at his sister, weak thing that she is, and knows that this is all that is left of the Titan race. "Hermes," Calypso flinches. "All the Gods." "Which Gods?" He prompts. "I don't understand why I need to know their names," she whines, and Alexander wonders how far he could have gone-he is handsome, he knows that much, and his skin is pale as paper-he could go far in this world-without a child by his side, constantly needing to be reassured and clothed and taken care of. "When I was your age-" "I'm not you." He speaks sharply, "Obviously. You need to know the names of the Gods-and do not speak of them as though they are reverent beings. They are the ones who have destroyed us. They have killed your family, they have sent our brave father into hiding, and he will never come back, and he will never know who he is because of them. Haven't you ever wanted to know your father?" She nods. "What about my mother?" Alexander doesn't answer. "Continue." There is a brush of wind from outside; Alexander stares down at the pile of newspapers in front of him; they proclaim festivals and celebrations for the Gods, and not for the first time, he wants to burn down these Romans who believe that everything they have is because of the Gods, and perhaps that is the truth, that the Gods have blessed up, and Alexander feels the envy burning down his limbs because these are mere humans, and his mother was a Queen, and she is dead now, because the Gods commanded so. "Hera, Poseidon, Hades, Aphrodite, Apollo, Ares, Artemis, Athena, Hephaestus, Hestia, Demeter, Dionysus." "And what have they done to us? Who have they cost us?" She slumps her shoulders, and repeats. ... When she was young, Calypso traveled the world with a brother; when she is born: "This is your sister," a thin man with royal garb tells him. "The mother died before she was given a name." Alexander knows that this is a lie; he remembers standing by his mother's bedside in the sweltering heat, the blood guts of mess that life has turned out to be, and have her whisper words in his ear: this is your sister, and her name is Calypso, and she will be wonderful, just like you, and then she let out a series of shattering screams, and he was ushered out of the tent and a group of midwives entered inside. He remembers his father, Atlas, who had begged the Gods for help, went down on his knees and prayed for them to help him, help his wife, and their replies of silence- we do not help the Titans, one of the faceless men had said-and in that moment, hates them even more than he hates his sister. She is a small thing, perhaps useless, bits of auburn hair as stub on top of her nearly bald head, but in her eyes is his mother, and he knows that he cannot sell her because of that: they are together now, for better or for worse.