continued to idle in her thoughts when something caught her eye. She focused sharply at the other side of the bar but saw nothing but a shadow. The moonlight seemed to shift back ever so slightly and the shadow didn't move like a normal shadow would. Aria bolted up as the shadow began to run towards her. "Fuck!" was all she could yell as she jumped up. Mallory next to her in an instant, getting between her and the monster. The rings on her hands morphed, forming brass knuckles with long spikes sticking out of the sides, making it look like she was holding knives. "Aria, move!" Mallory shouted, shoving the girl aside before she had time to obey the order. Aria fell behind the old coffee table and began to scramble backwards. The shadow, which had to be a monster, was almost on top of Mallory. The blonde girl slipped to the side, causing the creature to run into the drywall, breaking a hole through it. It pulled itself out and lunged after Mallory. "What the fuck is that?!" Aria yelled as she continued to scramble away from the fight. "I have no idea!" Mallory shouted back. She swiped at the side of the monster after she slipped out of the way, only for her blades to deflect in a shower of sparks. "Pack your bag! We need to get out of here!" Aria jumped over the bar, studying the broken cabinets in front of her, wondering what she should bring. She grabbed her old rucksack and began to throw in clothes and long lasting food. "Cash and clothes!" Mallory suggested helpfully as the monster destroyed yet another wall. Aria was running out of time faster than Mallory was running out of walls. Aria did a quick double-check of the shelves, pulling down a small bag of toiletries and then filling the rest of her bag with water bottles. "Done!" she yelled. She froze as the monster turned to look at her. Mallory drove the bronze tip of her weapon into the monster's face, causing it to scream in rage. She leapt on the nearest undestroyed table and jumped, easily clearing the monster. "Go! Out the door!" Mallory yelled, scooping up her own bag. "Wait for me in the alley!" Aria did as she was told and sprinted out the back door. She reached the alley in seconds. Mallory emerged from the old bar a minute later. Aria let out a sigh of relief and opened her mouth, but she was cut off when Mallory grabbed her arm and yanked her down the alley and onto the street. "What-?" BOOM The alley was flooded with sound and flames as the bar exploded. A deep shrieking could be heard from the center of the blast. Aria skidded to a stop, staring at the faint column of smoke barely visible against the dark sky. "You just blew up my house," was all she could say as she gaped, open mouthed. It felt strange, though. It had been her home for as long as she could remember, and now it was gone in a flash of fire. And she found that she didn't care all that much. "I'm sorry, but we had to kill that monster. We can't have it following us," Mallory said. She put her hand on Aria's shoulder, turning her away from the flames. "We need to get going before more monsters come." They began to hurry down the street, Aria leading them towards the nearest bus station. "How did it find us so quickly?" Aria asked as they took a sharp left. "I have no idea," Mallory said, shaking her head. They continued their fast pace in silence until they began to near the bus station. "What was that one?" Aria asked, referring to the monster. "It reminded me of a hellhound," Mallory said quietly. Aria glanced over and saw her eyebrows furrowed. "It was strange, though. Hellhounds are usually like boxers or Labradors. This one reminded me of a wolf." "That's a little unnerving," Aria said. The whole thing was kind of scary to her, and kind of exciting. Or intriguing, really. "It also had armor," Mallory muttered. "Some kind of steel. My blades couldn't make a scratch." "Are you saying they don't usually have armor?" Aria asked. "Yeah, that's exactly right," Mallory said. "So who put the armor on the scarier-than-usual hellhound?" Aria wondered as they came to a halt right outside of the bus station. There was no one there, save for a bleary attendant watching them from inside. "I don't know, but I have a feeling that we'll be seeing more of them," Mallory said. She turned to Aria. "Are you sure you want to come with me? The camp would be much safer." Her voice was very serious. "Affirmative," Aria said, pulling open the door for Mallory. "After all, you dragged me into this. It's your job to keep me alive." Mallory laughed and rolled her eyes as she entered the bus station, making a beeline for the attendant. Aria hung back with a smile. Things looked pretty positive from where she was standing, even though she had almost been killed and her home had been destroyed. Something seemed right. It was like an awakening for her. The past her had been waiting for this moment for her life to begin. She sat down next to Mallory, who handed her a ticket for Tennessee. "If you're going to come with me, you're going to need to learn a few things." Aria felt a grin grow on her face as she rested back on the uncomfortable bench. "I'm all ears," she said. A/N: Ooh, off to Tennessee! Will they even make it? You never know with demigods. And what was that strange creature at the bar? Answers may or may not appear in the next chapter. So stay tuned, because that one is going to be my handiwork! Don't forget to rate and review!