dude." "Honey," Mrs. Dodds barked at me. "Now." Sheesh. Could she already drop the 'honey' thing? The Bane of My Existence smirked. I gave her my I'll-fillet-you-alive stare. Trust me. Even my mom says that I'd never get a boyfriend 'coz I'm too unapproachable with my stare. Hey, what can I say? It isn't my fault all the boys that try to ask me out are dumber than a seashell. Then I turned to face Mrs. Dodds, but creepily enough, she wasn't there. I looked around and found her standing at the museum entrance, way at the top of the steps, gesturing impatiently at me to hurry. What the heck? How'd she get there so fast? Many doctors and teachers say that memory lapse was normal for people with ADHD. They say that your brain takes too much information and needs to shut down for a bit before resuming. That's why sometimes, it seems like the universe suddenly moved forward a few moments faster. My opinion? That was a load of bull. With my opinion like that, I still went after Mrs. Dodds. Halfway up the steps, I glanced back at Grover. He looked like he saw a ghost. He was cutting his eyes between me and Mr. Brunner, like he wanted Mr. Brunner to notice the situation. Alas, my Latin teacher was absorbed in his paperback. I couldn't read the book 'coz my dyslexia acted up, though for me it read 'Teh Osedyys'. Sighing, I looked up. Amazingly, Mrs. Dodds had vanished again. She was now inside the building, at the end of the entrance hall. Wow. I mean, was she like, a ninja or something? And why the heck are we going inside the museum? Is she going to make me buy a new t-shirt for Nancy? I mean, how spoild could you get? I really think she's her great-granddaughter or something now. Eww. And apparently, that wasn't the plan, 'coz she went deeper into the museum, stopping at the gallery of Greek and Roman stuff. And lo and behold, we were the only ones there. Anyways, Mrs. Dodds faced me with crossed arms in front of a big marble frieze of the Greek Gods, and, to make it worse, she was making this sound that was scarily close to growling. I mean, she won't hurt me right? She's a freakin' teacher! She could be turned in to the authorities for child abuse! Wish I knew about the other world then, 'coz it definitely doesn't apply there. "You've been giving us problems, honey," she growled, keeping one eye on the frieze and the other on me. And trust me, the way she was eyeing us both, I wish I could've just went with my instincts and fled home. "Yes, Ma'am," I said, inching ever so slowly for the door. She loosened her cuffs, looking at me with and evil glint in her eyes. "Did you really think you would get away with it? That we wouldn't find you?" Oh, boy. She's snapped. But, wait a minute! Who the heck is 'we'? "Huh? I-I don't know what you're talking about, Ma'am," I said, taking a few steps back. Screw tactful, she's getting homicidal! "Confess, Persis Jackson, and you will suffer less pain!" she said, her growling unmistakable now. And, wait a minute , are her nails getting longer and sharper ? "Ma'am, I don't know what you're talking about," I insisted feebly, eyeing the door. "Wrong answer." And then, right before my very eyes, her eyes glowed, her leather jacket suddenly became a pair of leathery wings, her skin turned more leathery than usual, her teeth elongated into sharp fangs and her fingers turned into talons. What the heck? Am I having some crazy dream? When I felt the dull pain from my butt having met the cold stone floor, I knew this was no dream . Mrs. Dodds gave an unearthly shriek and flew towards me in breakneck speed. I'm so dead. Then, something even stranger happened. Mrs. Dodds stopped in midair, snarling at something behind me. When I turned to look, Mr. Brunner appeared at the doorway, with Grover in tow. He threw something at me, shouting at me. "Uncap it, Percy!" When I caught it, I looked at it incredulously. It was Mr. Brunner's pen. What was I supposed to do with a freakin pen ? Wait. He said to uncap it, right? When I uncapped it, it shimmered and elongated, turning into a wickedly sharp bronze sword. It was the sword Mr. Brunner uses on his tournaments. "Die, honey!" Mrs. Dodds said, flying straight towards me. Ok. My knees are shaking so bad. I think I'm going to be sick. So, I did the natural thing. I swung the sword blindly. HISS. The sword hit Mrs. Dodds in the waist, and immediately, she turned into golden dust, raining over me. And yet, I still feel her eyes glaring at me, saying that this wasn't the last time I'd see her. I shivered. When I turned to Mr. Brunner and Grover, I found the doorway empty, no sign that they were even there. I looked at the sword in my hand, faintly glowing in the dim lights of the museum. With resolve, I put the cap of the pen at the tip of the sword, watching as it shimmered back to an innocent looking ballpoint pen. That's it. It's time to get answers. Mr. Brunner and Grover better not trick me. There we go! All finished with Chapter 1! How do you like that ending, eh? Haha. Yeah, SmartPercy is the way to go, in my opinion. Hey, if she's anything like his father then she's going to have to be smart! Why? 'Coz Poseidon's been at an impasse with Athena ever since Ancient Greece. Hey, how do you expect him to be on par with THE GODDESS OF WISDOM if HE'S NOT SMART? And so, Stay Tuned for the next chapter! Read and Review! :D