ready!" I say Ross's POV : "Okay team we need to win this, I'm not losing to that piece of dirt!" I smile "Hey Ross, we get the new campers!" Sierra Yells "Okay then we get Hagan!" I Call "Ah no he's always on my team, Have fun with your daughters of Aphrodite! " she smirks walking away "Oh Gray, there's no way I'm letting her win!" I smirk "Ross, let's hide the flag!" Gray cheers Sierra's POV : "Come on Rose, I know where Ross hides the flag!" I call "I'm coming! " She calls "Behind you!" I yell pointing to the halfblood coming up behind her "Thanks!" she says pushing them over "Look there's the flag! " I cheer "I can't believe we found it!" Rose says "Come on!"I say carefully walking towards the flag " This was easier than I thought!" Rose says calmly "Yeah, be careful, no doubt someone is probably here somewhere and I'll take them, you run for the flag the rest of the team is on the way for back up." I whisperer "Okay!"she says getting ready to run "Oh hey ladies!" Ross smirks "oh I've had enough of you"I say pushing him "You need to get over it, it happened like 3 years ago!" he says swinging his sword "I'm not mad because of what you did, I'm mad because I trusted you and you betrayed me!" I say hitting him Everyone started to gather, watching us trying to kill each other, Ross was teasing me but that's just what I wanted "Now Rose! " I scream She runs and grabs the flag "You've always been to self center to notice what goes on around you!" I say to Ross "Well played Andrews, well played. " Ross says "I knew you could do it Rose!" I say hugging her "Thanks to you!" she says smiling "I just distracted them, you ran and got the flag, also you helped me find it." I say laughing "I can't believe we won!" She says "Good job Rose!" Grayson says smiling "Thanks!" she says blushing "want to come to the camp fire with me?" Grayson ask "Um." she mumbles with red cheeks "go!"I say pushing her in his direction Rose's POV : "When do people usually get claimed?" I ask "Mostly their first day, but sometimes later on. " he says smiling "Do you think I'll be claimed soon?" I ask "It's hard to say, but yeah I think so!" he replies "Where would I stay if I'm not claimed? " I ask "Most likely the the medical room." Grayson says "sorry I'm asking to many questions. " I mumble feeling embarrassed "It's okay, I remember being new here." he smiles trying to make me feel better "Thanks for understanding "I say blushing "Anytime." he says smirking "So what kind of activities go on here?" I ask "Well we spend most day training to fight, and we have the occasional competition, we spend most of our time working on our skills. We have camp fires a lot too and as you already know we play capture the flag. " Grayson says smiling "I need to learn how to fight, but I'm going to be terrible! " I say staring at the ground "I'm a pretty good fighter, if you want I can teach you. " Gray says "Thanks for the offer but I'd hate to waste your time. " I say weakly "I'd love to help, plus you were awesome during capture the flag! " Gray cheers "Really! I really appreciate it, when do we start! " I say feeling better "Tomorrow after breakfast? " he ask "perfect! " I say blushing Ross's POV : So I was really looking forward to this summer but, so far it hasn't been great First Sierra gets all diva on my, then we lose capture the flag! This campfire better be good "Hey Gray." I say sitting next to him "Hey man." he replies "Oh hey Rose. "I say smiling "Hi." she mumbles "Where's your little friend Sierra? " I ask "Why can't you be nice for one night? " Hagan asks walking over to us with Jenna "I'm am nice, I asked where she was! " I defend "Ross and nice in the same sentence, that's a first! " Sierra says smiling "What are you doing here?" I demand "Coming to see my friend Rose. " she says siting down beside rose "Why do we have to have the same friends! " I yell "Oh come on I'm sure you two can get along for one night. " Jamie calls walking towards us with Lani "Yeah really ." Lani agrees For the rest of the night Sierra and I ignored each other and didn't fight for once, it was kind of nice even if it was only for a night. "Thank you all for making us feel welcome. " Rose says sweetly "Yeah it's awesome here!" Jenna squeals "Glad we could help. " Lani says "Just when I thought this night couldn't get any better, you're being claimed! " Grayson says excitedly Just as Grayson said, Rose and Jenna both had flowers glowing over their heads, The sign of Persephone "I Can't believe it! " Rose said with a huge smile, all Jenna could do was squeal and jump up and down "Come on ladies, i'll show you your cabin. " Grayson says excitedly Leading them Away Tonight went better than I thought "Thanks for being nice to me. "Sierra says before smiling and walking away "Hey, I'm a nice guy, but of course you already knew that." I wink That's Chapter 1! Please tell us what you think about it and who's point of view should be included and what you want to happen. Thanks again to all the people who gave us Characters we really appreciate it. If we didn't write a character how you wanted pm one of us or comment and let us know!