my favorite daughter. Drew was always better. She understood the true meaning of love." Instead of replying, Piper spat in her mother's face, before glaring at the surprised immortal, who now had saliva dripping down her face. "You dare…" Aphrodite started, a knife appeared in her hand. She lunged forward and drove it into her daughter's neck, before twisting it around, as to cause as much pain as possible. She wrenched the knife free, before stabbing her in the stomach and chest in quick succession. As Piper bled, she crumpled to the floor, gasping for breath. Soon, her chest stopped rising and falling. Aphrodite licked the knife, before shivering in pleasure and remarking, "My blood always tasted fantastic!" The insane love goddess walked away, before Zeus shouted, "Next!" Instantly, Frank was teleported out of the cage, bound from head to toe. Hazel started crying, as she looked away from the horrendous sight, which was about to come. But the thing was, she couldn't turn around and the net somehow prevented us from closing our eyes, so she had to watch, in terror, as he boyfriend was killed. Mars bounded forward, before shouting in his son's ear, "Why couldn't you be tough? You are so weak! Couldn't even protect your grandmother! You don't deserve this honor, but I am going to give it to you." Mars summoned a broad sword, before hacking off Frank's left arm. Frank screamed in pain, before grasping his useless stump and staring at the missing appendage on the ground in horror. Mars rushed forward and hacked off Frank's other arm, before quickly cutting off both of his legs. Mars turned to leave, as Frank died moments later. "Next!" All of this was too horrible to be true. It must be a nightmare. A sick, twisted nightmare. This couldn't be our reality. Annabeth was teleported outside of the net, where she glared at her mother, as the goddess of wisdom leisurely walked towards her demigod daughter. "You were a failure. A mistake. You couldn't do anything right. From the very start, I didn't want you, so I dumped you on your father's doorstep. I see now, that I should have killed you years ago. You even fell in love with a sea spawn, which no child of mine would do. You are no child of mine." Athena rushed forward, with her spear and slammed it across Annabeth's face, causing her to fall upon the marble floor. Athena stood on top of her, before she slammed her spear into Annabeth's back, before pulling it out and stabbing her in numerous other places, until her screams were lost in silence. "Next!" Hopefully this nightmare would be over soon and I would be able to wake up and see my friends. But somehow, I knew this wasn't a dream. I couldn't dream up something this twisted. Jason appeared outside of the cage, as he glared at his father, with a look of defiance in his eyes. "Oh look. The Embarrassment. You are an embarrassment to me. I hate looking at your pathetic face. My children are supposed to be strong! But you are weak. You are not worthy to be called my son." Zeus lifted his lightning bolt and cast it down upon his son. Apparently, even Zeus; own sons couldn't be resistant to his lightning bolt. Jason howled in pain, as the electricity killed him. His screams were one of the worst things I had ever heard in my life. I was forced to watch, as my best friends, were butchered before my very eyes. "Next!" "It's going to be okay Hazel. Even if we die, we just might see one another again. Besides, if we go to Tartarus, maybe you can find a way out, like Percy and Annabeth did. With one another, any things possible. I hope to see you on the other side, friend." I stated, before Hazel disappeared before my eyes. Pluto walked forward, narrowing his eyes as he did. "Your soul belongs to me! You left against the laws and now, you are going to pay!" Pluto's eyes darkened, as the shadows condensed and started to suffocate Hazel, as they lifted her up and choked the air out of her. Her eyes were wide with terror, as she tried to escape the evil force trying to kill her. I watched, as she stopped kicking and was dropped to the ground, only to lie there, not moving a muscle. "Well, well, well. If it isn't the little fireball himself. Well, Hephaestus, we don't want you to miss out on all of the fun!" Zeus cackled sinisterly, before backing away, as the crippled blacksmith walked towards me, with hate in his eyes. "You killed your mother. That on itself is a penalty worthy of death. You were a mistake. A horrible mistake, one I don't plan on making again." Hephaestus lifted a massive hammer, before slamming it into my stomach. I could feel my ribs break, as Hephaestus slammed his weapon into my chest. I gasped in pain, before the hammer slammed into my leg, breaking it. I screamed in pain, but my only response, was a hit to the back of my spine, which caused me to become paralyzed. There was nothing I could do, as my father looped the hammer around and pounded it into my skull, which effectively ended my life. This was a massive chapter. I hope to try to keep them pretty long, but I am not sure they will ever be this long, but who knows? Anyway, I hope you guys like it and review on it, so that I can become a better writer. Hey Matt, I don't care about your reviews, they don't mean anything. They are just full of bull. I hope to keep the chapters long, but the longer the chapter is, the longer it will take me to update. Anyway, thanks for reading! I will update as soon as I can. Yours in demigodishness, MakaidosTheFirst