and 'Hades' was able to dodge it. Perseus summoned his favorite weapon/gift from Poseidon. Riptide. Perseus charged and swiped at Atlas at amazing speed that would make Hermes jealous. 'Hades' just kept on dodging and finally clashed his sword with Perseus. 'Hades' still had that maniac smirk and went on offense. Perseus was able to dodge, but 'Hades' was going faster each swipe. Finally a yelp was heard distracting Perseus as he looked where it came from. Then he felt pain behind his neck as he collapsed to one knee. The last thing he saw was all the gods and goddess were on the floor unconscious except Zeus, Poseidon, and Hestia. Zeus was fighting off 5duplicates while Poseidon was on his knee still fighting off 5 duplicates and Hestia was held by two duplicates. He saw 'Hades' slowly walked to Hestia and darkness took over. Perseus then came back. He looked at his surrounding and saw that Poseidon was on the ground undefeated and Zeus now fighting off 10 duplicates. He can tell that Zeus isn't even near exhausted. He then remembered about Hestia and looked towards to her direction. What he saw made his heart to stop and his eyes to widened. Hestia was struggling to get free while 'Hades' was holding a sword pointed directly at Hestia's heart. "Zeus... Since you won't clearly give up, lets see if you will after I kill your Sister" 'Hades' shouted at Zeus who was distracted and was knocked to his knee. He tried to go to Hestia, but the duplicates stopped him. Perseus knew what he had to do... Perseus forced himself to get on his feet. 'Hades' pulled back his arm and jabbed it forward. Hestia closed her eyes waiting for the pain, but nothing happened. All she felt was liquid splattered on her. She opened her eyes to see Perseus in front of her facing her with a small smile. She felt tears flowing down her cheeks and she heard Zeus yell in anger and saw that he got on his feet and lighting surrounded him destroying the clones. Suddenly the clones that were holding her still, disappeared by arrows. She looked back and saw that 'Hades' head was hanging down low and a gasp was heard from him as he looked up confused. Then he looked in front of him and saw Perseus back and his sword through him. His eyes widened in shock as he pulled his sword out and stepped back. As he did that, Perseus fell forward and was caught by Hestia and she placed Perseus head on her lap. "Perseus" Hestia head Poseidon yell. She looked up to see all the Olympians awake and rushing towards them. Apollo reached them and kneeled down next to Perseus trying to heal him, but Perseus stopped him. "Apollo stopped. You know I'm going to die anyways" Perseus said. Apollo sadly nodded and got up. Zeus and Poseidon reached them. "Perseus" they said quietly trying their best not to cry. "Why Perseus why did you save me" Hestia asked. At this point the Olympians were surrounding them and some of them had tears. Hades was next to Poseidon and Zeus feeling sad and guilty and confused. "You know my time will have to end. So why not now' Perseus said coughing up real red blood. "There could've been a cure to fix you! We had time to" Hestia shouted at him in anger as tears still flowed down her cheeks. "No there isn't" Perseus replied coughing up more blood. "Even Chaos visited me to tell me there wasn't a cure for it" he replied. Everyone was in shocked. All thought of one thing. Chaos visited Perseus? "Perseus I'm sor-" Hades was cut off by Perseus who smiled at him warmly. "No need to apologized Hades... Atlas was controlling you" Perseus said getting paler at each second. Everyone looked at Hades who had tears in his eyes which shocked them. Hades never cried at all. "Guys" and all the attention turned to Perseus who had his eye lid half open and was breathing hard. "Thanks.. for... everything.. you guys did for me...I...Love...you..guysssss-" and with that, Perseus ,God of Heroes, Loyalty, and Time was dead. Hades felt his soul leave. "NOOO PERSEUS STAY WITH US" Hestia screamed hugging Perseus body tightly. Everyone was quiet. Crying to themselves. "Please... stay with us" Hestia begged as Perseus's body slowly began to fade like what all gods do when they fade, or die. Perseus body completely fades and the siblings of his hugged each other for comfort. One by one, the gods flashed away to spread the news, or stay at their palace and cried themselves. An hour past and Hades left followed by Poseidon. Zeus slowly got up and placed a hand on Hestia's shoulder and slowly squeeze it. Hestia looked up and gave Zeus a reassuring smile and he slowly nodded and flashed away. Hestia took Perseus death very hard because he was always there when she was down. Sure she made people who were down happy, but what they don't notice is how Hestia is some time sad. Perseus was the only one who noticed. She would be lying if she didn't have feelings for him. Now he was gone it was too late. Hestia, Goddess of Hearth. Was in love with Perseus, God of Heroes, Loyalty, and Time (A/N) Hope you guys enjoy. I was going to make this story into Percy and Artemis, but at the end, I just went with the flow and boom its, Percy and Hestia. In case you haven't figured it out yet. Perseus is Percy and yes there will be more chapters. Also I messed up at the years because I said 2012, but the Percy Jackson series by Rick Riordan started on 2005. So I changed it to make the timeline better. I hope you guys enjoy. Check my profile for updates and as always guys, have a great day Jinxers. I.Y.G.T.F.Y.M.B.S:3