of it?" he said with a sarcastic pout. "Hey, you are the new kid. Aren't I meant to be making fun of you? They do it in all of the movies." "So, now we all know that I have seaweed in my brain," Percy began, looking at Annabeth in that 'Thanks for bringing it up,' type of way, "How about we see what Annabeth is into?" "No, really, Leo should have a go.." Annabeth said, rubbing the back of her neck. "Uncle Leo can wait," Leo replied, as eager to hear her answer as Percy was. "Ugh, I hate boys. Fine. I'm going to regret this, but my big thing is architecture." she sighed. "Really?" both Leo and Percy said simultaneously. "Never saw you as-" Leo started, "Never thought you'd be into that sorta stuff." Percy interrupted with a slight smirk. "Percy, you've known me for about 15 minutes and you're already making judgements about me? Again, boys." Leo and Percy looked at each other with the same childish expressions. "Wow, guess you're some kind of wise girl aren't you." Percy joked with a smirk. His eyes widened in realization as he resisted the urge to openly laugh at Annabeth. "Wise girl! That's what I'll call you! Ha!" Annabeth gave him a bored expression. "You're kidding right? That's the most idiotic nickname I've heard Percy." Annabeth broadly stated. "It may be idiotic but it's the only one I got!" Annabeth stared at him for a second. "Seaweed brain." A soft tone started playing from Leo's position. Leo gave them a blush and took his phone out of his pocket. Both Leo and Annabeth stared at him as the song, 'I'm Sexy and I Know It' played from his phone. "People ask me why I think boys are weird." Annabeth whispered, barely inaudible. "And if those people were here? Oh they would finally see why." "Uh - yeah." Leo answered, his face flushing the darkest shade of crimson red Percy had ever seen on a human face. "Hey, Pipes. What's up?" His face darkened slightly. "Ni- Nico?" "Right." he hung up. "Annabeth. Nico's at the school. He wants to see you." Annabeth nodded. "Can't be that bad." she replied. "So, bye?" Percy asked. "Yeah, if Nico's here, I need to go." Percy nodded understandingly. "Bye, Annabeth." Annabeth began to walk towards the classroom when she tripped over a small rock. Out of everyone to catch me, it had to be Percy, she thought as she fell into his arms. Annabeth didn't feel as awkward as she thought she would in his arms, but she didn't have time to say that. "Well, one thing. This is sufficiently more awkward due to the fact I'm taller than you." Annabeth wrenched herself from Percy's grasp. His face was flushed, almost as much as hers. "I'm growing." he complained but his voice drifted away as Annabeth began to walk away. "Is Annabeth always like this?" Percy asked. "You'll get used to it, but if you really want to know about her, I'd ask someone like-" A weary cry came from behind Leo. "Guys! Guys!" someone yelled out from across the road. He had curly hair and crutches and Percy didn't recognize him as one of the other 6, or Luke. "I'd ask someone like Grover." Leo continued. "Who's Grover?" Percy asked. "Uh - I'm Grover." the stranger replied. "Hey Grover, this is Percy Jackson." Leo introduced Percy. "Speak for yourself. I would've said Hey, my name is Percy Jackson." Percy barked. Leo sighed, "Shut up." "Yeah, I know who Percy is, it was all over the group chat last night. Remember?" Grover reminded. "Okay, but why are you here? I thought your mom was sending you to that environmentalist activities camp for the month. You're back early?" Leo asked. "Sort of - I kind of ran away." Grover admitted bashfully. Percy watched as Leo and Grover exchanged dialogue like old friends, releasing small laughs and grins. Percy caressed the back of his neck, and emitted a cough awkwardly. "Why - uh - why did you run away Grover?" Percy questioned. "A month from school seems pretty great to be honest." Percy bantered, attempting to engage in conversation. "I just couldn't stand it Percy. Sure we were outside basically all day but all we did was petty activities created for five year olds." Grover explained, his voice raspy. "I was the only thirteen year old there, I'm pretty sure I was one foot taller than most of the kids attending the camp." Percy glanced at Leo. "So basically you were surrounded by kids like Leo all day?" Leo smacked Percy on the shoulder harmlessly. Grover's corners of his lips quirked upwards momentarily. "Yeah. Yeah I was." Grover agreed. "Hey, you know what? Look, Annabeth's coming back. So I'll just go and you two give the new kid a tour of the school would you?" Leo chided. Percy and Grover watched as Leo stormed away. Out of Percy's peripheral he saw Annabeth walk out of the backdoor of the school, talking promptly to Leo as he waved her away. Annabeth approached them with a suspicious expression. "What did you two idiots tell Leo, and why is Grover even standing here? I thought he was at camp for the month." Annabeth interrogated. Percy and Grover explained everything to her calmly, from the point where Grover ran away from camp and down to the minute Percy mocked Leo's height. When they finished explaining, Percy managed to see Annabeth crack a smile before turning the intensity on her eyes up by four levels. "You shouldn't of joked about Leo's height Percy, he's sensitive about it, on that note, Grover! What are you going to tell your parents when you return home today?" Grover and Percy shrugged obliviously. She stared at Percy and Grover as if they were joking. "Idiots." Annabeth murmured. "Let's show you the rest of the school Percy." She announced. "Because it's going to be a long year."