guard by the question. "W-wha? I wasn't-" Percy raised an eyebrow. "Sure you weren't." Grover glanced back at Nico, who quickly looked out the window, faking distraction. He turned back to Percy and lowered his voice, so Nico had to strain to hear what he was saying. "Listen, Perce, I wasn't- I wasn't trying to be creepy or anything! I was just... just curious, okay? I was curious. I mean, he is kind of weird, and-" Percy still looked dubious. Grover must have sensed this, because he coughed awkwardly and quickly changed the subject. "I've got to go see Mr. Brunner. There was this... homework assignment. Yeah, a homework assignment I had a question on, and I need to talk to him about it. I'll see you in class, okay?" And with this, he scrambled off, barely remembering to use his crutches. Nico walked up to where Percy was standing. "Interesting guy," he said casually. Percy jumped about a foot in the air, and Nico snickered at his reaction. "Wh- wha? Who is?" "Your friend." Nico cocked an eyebrow at him. "You know, the one who just ran down the corner?" Percy stared at Nico for a few seconds, before asking, "Are you doing that on purpose?" "Doing what?" "The thing with your eyebrow." Percy made an attempt to mimic it, which looked rather comical. "What thing?" Nico kept his eyebrow up while saying this, hiding his amusement. "... Never mind," Percy said. "My name's Percy." Nico was so tempted to say something like, We know who you are, Perseus Jackson, but he figured that wouldn't help him make friends with him. It would probably disturb the guy more than anything, especially since he wasn't familiar with monsters and their uncanny knowledge of his full name yet. "I'm Nick," he said instead. "Do you have English next? With Mrs. Bard?" Percy nodded. "Yeah. Want me to take you there?" Nico grinned at him. "Yeah, I'd hate to be late on my first day. That can wait until the second day. Any suggestions on how to survive Yancy Academy?" Percy smiled back as they started to walk. "Okay, if you see a girl with orange hair and a nasty smirk, avoid her at all costs..." From then on, Nick became a frequent companion to Percy and Grover. Grover had seemed somewhat uncertain of him at first, but accepted him as a part of their little group fairly quickly. Percy, meanwhile, was liking Nick more and more the more he got to know him. He had a sarcastic personality, and was slightly pessimistic and paranoid, but had a great sense of humor and an air of confidence Percy wished he could mimic. Not to mention he did a good job keeping the bullies away. His glare could be scary when he wanted it to be! Another interesting thing about him was his relationship with the teachers. Well, two teachers specifically: Mr. Brunner and Mrs. Dodds. Mr. Brunner seemed to view him similarly as he did Percy; someone he expected a lot out of. However, while with Percy it was like a mentor who wanted him to succeed, with Nick, it was less hopeful, and more... 'wary' was the best word Percy could come up with to describe it. He wasn't obvious about it, but it was still slightly noticeable. On the other hand, Mrs. Dodds was unbelievably obvious about her feelings of him. She completely avoided looking at him, and not in the I'm pretending you don't exist way. It was more like she was scared to look at him. Or talk to him. Or acknowledge his presence in any way, shape or form, other than her palpable fear. On the plus side, Nick appeared to be highly amused by this, if the way he took the time to raise his hand for every question when he never bothered in all the other classes was any indication. Or how he commented on every single sentence she spoke. Or the smirk on his face that never left it while he was in that classroom. Yup, he was definitely amused. It didn't stop Mrs. Dodds from picking on Percy, though. She still seemed to hate him as much as before, if not more so. Percy wasn't exactly sure what he did to offend her in a past life, but it can't have been so bad as to deserve twenty pages of notes assigned to him alone. It was especially annoying when at the same time, Nick didn't have to do anything . He seemed to enjoy tormenting Percy by watching TV at the same time he was trying to do his homework. Once again, Percy cursed his ADHD and the allure of distractions. At least he wasn't alone in this factor. As it turned out, Nick was both ADHD and dyslexic also. It was a strange coincidence, but Percy wasn't complaining. It was nice to have someone understand what it was like. Although that didn't help with the note taking. Honestly, it would be a miracle if he even managed to finish one page of notes. When it was revealed in May that the sixth-grade class would take a field trip to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Percy wasn't sure whether to look forward to it or dread it. Field trips never turned out well for him. It seemed that whenever he went out anywhere, something happened that got him either in detention or expelled. He didn't plan any of it; trouble seemed to make a living of following him around. And museums never really were his thing. He found them terribly boring. On the plus side, Mr. Brunner would be chaperoning the trip. He always managed to make things interesting, whether it was mock sword fights in class, or, well, field trips to stuffy museums. So, Percy was starting to think that maybe this time, it wouldn't turn out so bad. He should have learned by now not to get his hopes up.