aren't responding to his brain's request. He feels locked in place, not even able to bring his forkful of chicken alfredo up to his mouth. Everything is so much easier when he's off in his own little world, imagining how smoothly it'll go. Mostly because he forgets to factor in reality. "Everything alright?" Annabeth asks, leaning over until her shoulder bumps into his. "You've been off lately. I'd wondered earlier, but I figured I'd at least give you a little time to tell me before I asked." "Yeah, it's all fine," Percy assures her, but he still can't talk his limbs into moving. Good thing he has a Plan B, and good thing he has a girl who's told him time and time again to be prepared. "I've been thinking a lot, lately, um—like, about what's important. To me." "Right." If anything, Annabeth looks more confused. "And there are certain things more important to me than others," he continues. "So I've been thinking about how I can make sure the important things stay, and kind of… Rid. Of the rest of it." Annabeth clears her throat, not quite meeting his eyes. "Before you go any further, can I just ask… You aren't breaking up with me, are you? Because—" Percy full-on laughs, his limbs deciding to work when he uses his hands to cover his face. He wishes he was a little better with words—a little more charming and composed and confident. Instead, all that comes out is vague half-sentences that mostly consist of the words 'yeah' and 'so.' He means to say "I'd never break up with you" or something equally assuaging, but instead what tumbles out is "Christ, Annabeth, I'm not going to—this is my third time trying to propose to you, for god's sake." Annabeth drops her fork. Percy's heart falls right along with it. " What ?" "Oh no," Percy says to himself, since he's wanted to say it for months now, but never like that. "Oh no." "At the restaurant," she says in realization, voice full of awe. "You were upset when I didn't order wine. You were going to—" "I don't like talking about past failures," Percy mumbles weakly. The ring's never burned a hole in his pocket so fiercely as it does now. "And the vacation!" He can hear the rising excitement in her voice, the same way she always sounds when she solves a mystery, figuring out something that had puzzled her for some time. "And… And… oh god , Percy, please don't tell me you kept my future ring in that awful pair of socks." It's so Annabeth to complain about something like that at a time like this—something so refreshingly and spectacularly her that he finds the will to pull his face out of his hands, a besotted smile on his face. "You're worried about the fact that your engagement ring touched the socks?" he says, slowly. Annabeth doesn't seem embarrassed. She gives him a very serious look. "The socks are awful, Percy." And he's laughing, perhaps more in love than he's been in his entire life. He hopes the feeling only keeps growing from here on out. His hands are shaking—not from apprehension and worry, but from the absolute tsunami of love that crashes over him. There's no way he can't marry Annabeth, not when he feels like he does about her. "I'm gonna ask you now. Good?" "I'll pretend I'm surprised," Annabeth promises, tapping his cheekbone. Percy finds that he can't stop smiling. "Go for it." It's not going the way he planned in the slightest, but the feeling in his chest is all warmth and no doubt while he digs the ring box out from his pocket, flipping it open. Annabeth covers her smile with one hand, peeking down at the ring for only a moment before she looks back to him. "Annabeth Chase—" " Jackson ," she interrupts with a smug smile, because she can never resist. Percy rolls his eyes, letting out a laugh that sounds like a hundred declarations of love. "Annabeth Chase ," he repeats, "soon to be Annabeth Jackson"—he takes a moment to pause, appreciating the weight of what he's about to say, about every promise he's making with the next four words—"will you marry me?" Annabeth leans down to kiss him before she even answers, holding his face in both of her hands while she presses her smile right against his. Percy can't even remember why he was worried about fate in the first place. She pulls back, but only enough to look him in the eyes. "I want an August wedding, the weekend after your birthday. My bridesmaids dresses will be lavender, and the wedding dress'll be white with silver accents. And—" Percy presses in closer to her, laughing a little when he kisses along her jaw. "Who's getting married? You haven't even said yes yet." And, honestly, Percy wasn't lying when he said everyone knew what the answer would be, including himself, but nothing compares to hearing Annabeth say "Yeah, I'll marry you." It's that much better when she tacks an "idiot" on the end, and Percy's smile is so wide, he presses it against Annabeth's shoulder before she can tease him for it. ;; Today's the day, Percy thinks, straightening his bowtie in the mirror. By the time it's nightfall, he'll be married to the best girl in the world. He waits at the altar, unable to do much else besides stare at the doors Annabeth's supposed to walk through, listening to the quiet chatter of all the guests. It's an intimate affair, no more than 40 people seated and standing around the room. It's all a stunning white with touches of lavender here and there—like the flowers pinned to everyone's chairs, and the square of fabric in his pocket. When she appears in the entryway, there's a collective gasp, and Jason squeezes his shoulder from where he stands as the best man. Percy's smile is blinding. ;;;