waited. After half a second, four arrows thudded into the girl's chest piece. Josh leaned forward, said "Sorry," and dropped the girl. She tumbled from the rock and landed on a patch of soft soil. Josh jumped to the highest rock, snatched the flag, and jumped to the ground. The rock was tall, and he had to roll, but he ended up unhurt. Three arrows whizzed past him as he sprinted toward the creek. Just as Josh was about to cross the line, he saw a girl running toward him, blonde hair flying. In her hand was the Poseidon flag. Josh sped up, but it still seemed like they would cross at the same time. He jumped, leaned until he was almost horizontal, and tucked his left leg under his right. As the girl looked up, she saw Josh flying at her. She faltered some, but Josh was already close. The sole of his right foot smacked into her chest, and she flew back several feet before coming to rest in a pile of leaves. Josh looked up at the flag. A black mark appeared in the fabric, as though it had been ripped. Then the mark filled in with a the sea-green color of the Poseidon flag. It took about a half second for campers to start streaming out of the trees. They were obviously looking to congratulate Josh, but he wouldn't have any of it. He stepped forward, pushing aside several campers, and knelt next to the girl in the leaves. He was genuinely concerned. That had been his most perfect flying side kick ever, and it was probably very painful as a result. The girl's head was down, and the red horsehair plume on her helmet hung down over her face. When she looked up, Josh saw that she was grinning widely. He smiled in relief, but still asked if she was okay. "I'm great!" she exclaimed. Suddenly, Percy appeared next to the girl. "Annabeth!" He shoved Josh in the chest, and he fell on his butt in the creek. Percy stood, and lifted his hand. The water copied the movement exactly. Percy made a fist and brought it down, hard, and the water hand did exactly the same, right next to Josh. It then opened, picked Josh up, and carried him right next to Percy's face. Percy started some kind of threat. "Don't ever-" Percy fell, and the water hand splashed back into the creek. Percy rolled over onto his back and saw Josh's skeleton. He had fallen from a tree, and was dressed in a sniper's ghillie suit. His weapon flickered from a great sword to a sniper rifle, then back again. He raised the sword, and before Chiron could intervene, plunged it into the soil next to Percy's head. "STOP!" Chiron yelled, too late. Josh blanched. He'd been trying to dispel the skeleton for a full minute now. He'd never wanted to go too far, but now he was. In addition, maintaining the skeleton was draining his energy. Finally, he collapsed. The skeleton did the same, the tumble of bones and fake grass sinking into the ground. Josh rolled over, and watched with his rapidly fleeing vision as Chiron trotted over and looked down at him with disappointment. /\ Josh woke up to a hand on his forehead. He grabbed it, spun the arm attached, and pinned it against its owner's back. Someone approached from the left, and Josh fell over in the opposite direction, still holding the first assailant. As the second got closer, Josh kicked him in the gut. He then let go of his first opponent and rolled to his feet. With a rush, Josh felt his adrenaline leave him and his Fight or Flight instinct broke. Two sons of Apollo writhed on the ground, one cradling his arm and the other holding his stomach. The rest of the sick bay was empty, save one bruised up camper on a cot and two more Apollo healers next to him. All three stared at Josh in shock. The last of Josh's adrenaline faded, and his knees buckled. His head hurt like nothing he'd ever felt before. Chiron trotted into the sick bay. "What is going on in here?!" he rumbled. Josh lowered his head. "I woke up to these two-" "And your reflexes took over." Josh looked up. "It's a good thing to happen in a fight, but not in the sick bay." "I know, sir." Josh was getting slightly annoyed, now. "It was as I woke up. When I wake up to someone's hand near my face, I'm going to move it, regardless of who it is or where I am." Josh winced. His voice had gradually raised, and his headache had gotten worse and worse. He slumped onto the cot, and Chiron walked over. "I understand. You need to recover." As if on cue, Josh fell back on the cot and fell asleep. /\ Josh woke up again, but this time he was in a small cave. Next to him was a red-haired girl. She wore marker-stained, torn jeans and a maroon Harvard jacket. Despite the strange cave, the girl looked cheerful. "I'm guessing you're Josh?" Josh nodded. "Well, then, here we go." Rachel's face blanked, and green steam billowed from her mouth. It formed strange shapes of creatures, while Rachel spoke in a raspy voice. The mother of enemies will surface again, but this time she'll have more than her one little friend. You will use your birthright to raise up a legion, but they'll only be able to save one small region. The rest of the world will be taken by her, unless put in the hands of an amateur. No one else can assist him, or all will be lost, though beware, for the Mother dislikes to be crossed. The mist disappeared, and the redheaded girl sat down casually. Josh looked at her with confusion. "Well?" she said. "You've got your prophecy. What are you waiting for?"