if it was subconscious, but she caught herself scanning Alex for burns. "The dude?" "The dude? Oh, shit. His right arm had to be amputated. But, anyway, how I became the media's latest scoop." Scarlet blinked. "I thought that was because–" "Yes, but no. I had way more to offer than that, apparently. They publicized my entire story from birth. Left on the steps of a orphanage in Georgia at a month old, how tragic . Then they found out about how I fled from state to state, from home to home, in an attempt to escape the foster care system. The cherry on top, though, was the fact that I loved to fix cars. "I've always been a natural with machines." Alex looked down at her heavily calloused hands. "I... always just instinctively know when there's something wrong, and how to fix the problem. I knew what parts where called without ever learning them from anyone. And I loved to work in auto repair shops. I would just stay there and watch the mechanics work, if they were nice enough, they'd let me have a hand at it, and I was better than most of them. I was branded a freak by the media, only they used much nicer and flowery words." "Holy shit ." Scarlet was speechless. Alex let out a single laugh, but it was mirthless. "You probably think I'm weird and braggy by now." "It's not everyday someone amazes me, so get on with your story. I might leave you," Scarlet joked. This time, Alex's smile, although small, was genuine. "Then there was Tegan. Tegan..." A faraway look misted over Alex's startling blue eyes. "Tegan was charismatic . Everyone would fall in love with her. You would, too," Alex added. "She was so ready for anything life threw at her. She was the type to ball up the shit she got and feast on it like it was the best blessing ever. But other times, she got out of hand. She had no self-control whatsoever, especially when experimenting with dangerous things. Tegan would throw raves and all sorts of people would come in, trading drugs and guns, money for sex, and she took it all in stride. She said it was all good fun. "Eventually, it got to a point when our adoptive parents would lose it. They didn't let her go out for a week, and she was furious . She snuck out, and she did the ultimate act of defiance at the club—the one that the fire burned down." "What did she do?" Alex breathed in, then out. "I'd rather not say. "Anyway, after the fire, she and my adoptive parents got charged for a lot of things. Underage drinking, negligence—referring to me—and endangerment among other things. "The rest is history, so now I'm standing in front of you right now, telling you the joke that is my life." Alex folded her hands, and her cheerful demeanor returned. "Your turn!" Scarlet got the feeling that wasn't exactly where the story ended, but she decided not to push it any further. "How am I supposed to top that?" she deadpanned. Alex shrugged. "Fascination is relative. Who knows, you'll intrigue me as well," she said, eyes glimmering. Scarlet wanted to laugh. It technically wasn't even her story she was about to tell—but better than tell someone she'd only known for a few minutes the truth. "My mom is a nurse. She works more shifts than she actually should because she has to. She's the only one supporting the family. I started a little over a year and a half ago to join street fighting circles to help her at least a bit, but after a dangerous head collision, my mom found out. Of course, she cut off all access and contacts there and we moved houses. "So we found a house in an apartment building that was offering pretty cheap rent. The tenant turned out to be the daughter of one of the patients my mother was assigned to. Basically, her mother overdosed on a lot of shit, and medical bills are pretty damn expensive, so she ended up having to rent the house and drop out of school–" "Wait," interrupted Alex. "This sounds familiar." Scarlet raised an eyebrow. "It does?" "Yeah, it does. Is your tenant's name Diane Stone?" "How–" "She sometimes crashes in the shelter I was assigned to," Alex explained, suddenly looking thrilled at this revelation. "How long have you been renting her apartment?" "About a good nine months." Alex whistled. "Okay, so I knew that her mother was a hospitalized druggie and she didn't have a place to stay, but I never knew– Damn ." "She's nice," said Scarlet, recalling the black-haired girl. "Kind of quiet and stone-faced, but she's done a lot for her mom. Way more than a lot of people could have." "We're meant to be, Scarlet Cross," Alex said in glee. "We even have a mutual friend." Scarlet smirked. As it turned out, she got away with a story that wasn't even hers. "I'm glad I met you, Alex Parker." "I now have someone to discuss my shitty life with." Alex faced her. "Thanks, by the way, for being so cool about it. A lot of other people have reacted differently, and not in a good way." "No problem," Scarlet replied. She tugged at her collar, making sure it covered the finger-shaped bruises on her neck. "I know what that feels like." One sentence to describe this chapter: characters + Tragic Backstories™ But! There's still Diane Stone. That's next chapter, people! Just so you guys know, this isn't a plagiarized story! It's also on Wattpad, and the account it's published under is named "mages-for-ages" because it's a shared account with my best friends. I decided recently to publish it here as well, so I am the original author. If if you liked this chapter, leave a review or some constructive criticism! It's what writers feed off on ;)