fell to the floor, exhausted, but happy, as the consciousness left my mind, relinquishing its control. . I had won; I had taken back my mind. I slowly started to transform into my regular self. Once I had fully changed, I passed out. LINE BREAK I woke up in the infirmary, without remembering what happened the night before. I tried to rise from the bed, but found that my arms and legs had been restrained, with metal. I started to pull and pull, until I was freaking out. I started screaming and tossing in my bed. When an Apollo kid rushed in and injected me with a sedative. I soon passed into the world of dreams. I was watching a video of my life. I saw myself as a baby and growing up with my mom. I saw my evil step father Gabe demand for the money I rightfully earned. I saw myself losing my mom to the Minotaur. I saw myself going into the underworld to retrieve my uncles Master Bolt. I saw myself sailing the Sea of Monsters to rescue my friend, Grover. I saw myself holding the sky, so Artemis could beat Atlas. I saw myself fighting in the Battle of The Labyrinth. I saw myself fighting legions of monsters in downtown Manhattan. I saw myself give Annabeth's knife to Luke so he could kill Kronos. I saw me and Annabeth kissing underwater in the canoe lake. I saw myself being carried on the legionaries' shoulders after we won again Polybotes. I saw myself sailing on the Argo two. I saw myself in Tartarus. I saw me and my friends standing fighting against monsters and giants in the Battle of Athens. Then I heard a voice, it said," No matter what was thrown your way, you were always able to survive, this time is no different take hope, for even in the darkest night, the sun will still always rise the next day." LINE BREAK Sometime later I woke up. I knew that if I moved, I would just be sedated again. So I waited in my bed and waited… and waited… Until after so long of waiting, Chiron wheeled into the room. He told me to tell him what I remembered, so I told him everything, how I woke up, to the battle in the woods. He seemed shocked, that I had just woken up and that I suddenly started to turn into a werewolf. He asked," So was the blood yours or something else's?" I responded," It was mine; I was digging my claws into my hands, because my whole body hurt so much. An Apollo kid came in and checked me to see if I was alright to move around. He quickly left afterwards without telling me the results. Chiron then said," You can come in now. "Soon Annabeth, Malcolm, Mark, Katie, Will, Leo, Piper, Jason and surprisingly, Travis walked through the door. Everyone asked if I was alright and what happened, so I told them the tale. They were as surprised as I was; they had no idea what to do or how to stop it. Chiron said," We will have a Councilors' Meeting, after our daily activities. I was soon unbound, as I was back to normal and could continue with my daily activities. I went sword fighting, with Annabeth and I beat herfor once. Her attacks seemed… slower than usual and I could see every weakness in her stance, but using that power tired me out more. With the werewolf power evoked, I could easily slip underneath Annabeth's guard and take her out. Our next activity was rock climbing. I scurried up so fast I can't even remember how I did it. I had also grown a lot of muscle and my hair was longer and shaggier. As, we passed some of the Athena kids, they glared at me, they didn't like me, because I am a son of Poseidon, but now they hate me, because I was forced to kill two of their siblings, even though it wasn't my fault. Some kids walked up to me and said," Murderer" and "Traitor" I was getting sick of it. As we wandered to the Big House, I felt a sharp pain in my back; I turned around and realized that I had been shot by an arrow. I saw the shooter, he had a hood on and he was seemed shocked that I was still alive. I charged him and lifted him into the air and instantly squeezed his throat, until his windpipe crushed underneath my relentless grip. I looked underneath his hood and saw a human, which slowly started to turn into a wolf. I set him down after he went limp. People started to crowd around us and throw anything they could find at me. "You Murderer." They said. Annabeth and I hurried to the Big House. We walked in and the sound of arguing hit our ears. They were arguing about what they should do with me. I walked in and made everyone be quiet then I told them about the assassination attempt and him being a werewolf. As they were all arguing again, I walked over and said, "Hello Rachel." She replied," How are you?" I laughed," Been better." She laughed. I asked her," So what do you think I should do about the assassination attempt?" She instantly started breathing out green mist and the aroma of the air became that of snakes. She turned to me and said in the raspy voice of the Oracle," The Wolf Shall Be Alone When He Topples the Canines King's Throne By Silver They Shall Both Die The End of the World Is Nigh. Just my luck, another prophesy. Oh Boy. Like I said up top, I redid this, so that it could be longer. Just know that each of my chapters are around three thousand words. Review and tell me how I can improve my writing. Yours in demigodishness, MakaidosTheFirst