continued to hang open. He wasn't, we wouldn't, this wasn't something Nico would do. "If there's a prize for rotten judgment, I guess I already won that," Nico began to sing, his voice sounded classical and timeless, like an angel. My heart began to flutter as the words effortlessly poured out of his mouth. "No man is worth the aggravation," he said standing up, looking right at me, a cocky smile spread across his face. "That's ancient history, been there, done that!" He thrusted his hip to the side and threw the rose in the same direction. Suddenly a spot light shinned on four girls, wrapped in white togas. I recognized them instantly, Piper, Annabeth, Calypso and Hazel. They started to dance, swaying their hips and shanking their shoulders. "Who'd 'yah think you're kiddin' he's the Earth and Heaven to you. Try to keep it hidden? Honey we can see right through you," they sang in unison, their voices as timeless as Nico's. There was another spot light, this time shining on four boys, who were also wrapped in white togas. Jason, Percy, Leo and Frank started to snap their fingers and tap their feet. "Bro ya can't conceal it, we know how ya feeling, who you're thinking of," the boys sang in perfect harmony with one-another. Their deeper voices echoing through the forest. Nico ran his fingers through his black hair and shook his head, completely in character. "No chance, no way, I won't say it no, no." His voice was magical, it made my heart beat like it never had before. "You swoon, you sigh," the girls sang. "Why deny it, uh-oh," the boys sang as they slide near the girls. Nico rolled his eyes and swayed his hips as he walked away from the group of people. "It's too cliché. I won't say I'm in love." Nico sang as the boys and girls paired up in their pairs and shrugged. Nico looked down at the ground. "I thought my heart had learned its lesson," he sang, real pain echoing in the words. "It feels so good when it starts out. My head is screaming 'get a grip boy'. Unless you're dying to cry your heart out! Whoaaaaaa" he sang. The others started their part, holding on to one another, swaying along to the rhythm, "You keep on denying who you are and who you're feeling," they sang. Frank twirled Hazel who spun until she was in front of Nico, she placed her hands on his shoulders. "But brother I ain't buying, we all saw you hit the ceiling," she sang and then twirled back to Frank. "Face it like a grown up, when ya gonna own up," sang the boys. "That you got, got, got it bad!" sang the girls. Nico shook his head and started to back away from the others as they circled him. "Whoaaaaa, no chance, no way! I won't say it no, no." Nico sang as he flipped them all the bird. The boys started to slow dance with the girls. "Give up, give in. Check that grin you're in love!" "This scene won't play; I won't say I'm in love!" Nico stood center stage, while the others danced around him. "You're doing flips, read our lips, you're in love!" Nico shoved past them. "You're way off base, I won't say it" he sang while getting closer to the bench he had originally sat on. "He won't say he's in love," the others sang while they shrug their shoulders looking at one another. "Get off my case I won't say it." Nico nearly shouted as he started to sit. "Bro, don't be proud," the boys sang as they pulled their better half's closer to the. "It's okay, you're in love," the girls sang as they pressed themselves into their boyfriend's chest. Jason made a gester with his hand and the black rose that had been thrown to the ground at the beginning flew into Nico's waiting hand. He looked at it lovingly, gently touching the velvety petals. And then he looked up at me. A wide smile spread across his face. "Oh—hhhh, at least at loud, I won't say I'm in love!" At that moment the rose started to bloom, the petals opening, and Nico's smile grew larger. "The couples looked into each other's eyes, smiled and pulled into a deep, romantic kiss." Nico gave me a wink and blew me a kiss. At first there was nothing but silence, and then a thunderous applause erupted. I just sat there, wide eyed, my heart thundering in my chest. There was so much love in my heart, I just wanted to run up and grab Nico and never let him go. I felt a warm hand grab my shoulder. I looked to see my Dad staring at me. "Well don't just sit there," he said smiling. "Go and get him," he told me with a smile. I got up and ran towards the stage. I was greeted by the smiling faces of Percy, Annabeth, Jason, Piper, Leo, Calypso, Frank and Hazel. They all patted me on the back as I walked closer to Nico, who was still sitting on the bench. He looked up at me, with a smug smile on his tanned face. "What did you think?" he asked looking up into my tear stained eyes. "Why?" I asked smiling. He stood up and put his hands on my shoulders. "I heard someone say that people do crazy things when they're in love," he said, "and Will Solace, I love you, more than my own life." My heart fluttered in my chest. Nico rolled his eyes. "Don't stand there like an idiot, Solace. Kiss me!" he ordered. I didn't have to be told twice. I leaned down and kissed Nico, not caring that my father and the entire camp was watching. I heard a loud applause and cat-calls but they were all drowned out by the bliss that consumed every inch of me.