the ashes or all is lost." I raised my eyebrows, 300% sure she'd got the wrong demigod; no one is ever just chosen to play a role cast by the Gods - you've either got to be well connected with family, or just amazingly talented at everything. "What...me?" I asked, making her glance around cautiously (as if she felt wondering eyes) hesitating as she whispered even quieter, "Ye must listen with haste, and harken my words to thy heart. With Hecate's misunderstood, Nike's arrogance, Nemesis' balance, Hebe's leader, Tyche's luck and Iris's foresight, you must travel to the land once sunk beneath. Henceforth find your girl in black, teach, and be taught - listen well or all might be lost. I give you permission to enter the land further beyond, as does the Earth shaker to Hecate's child, but you must collect one of these from each who sunk it firstly, in order for each of you to enter-" I pulled myself closer to her, interrupting in a whisper shout, "Wait, what?!" but she disregarded my words and said in a hurried tone, "Look for the signs, Iris shall tell you where. Look to your leader, Hecate will guide you but only with guidance, do not denote her presence. Look for safety, Nike will protect even the hated, but only if he is at peace. Look for confidence, Nemesis knows how to play a game, have faith. Look to surprise, Tyche has to later bestow it, and will guide when blizzards blind you. Look for a friend, Hebe shall help provide a lock for a lost key, and knows more then is obvious to thine eye. You must move quickly. As the sun rises 10 days from now, it shall be too late." She reached up a hand expectantly, pulling my forearm towards her, and pushing something solid into my hand (closing the fingers over it as she slipped a little deeper into the water). She starting to paddle away, "may Tyche find your worthy of truth, like all others left to pass at each trail." I reached out a hand, "Hey! WAIT! I NEED TO WRITE THAT ALL DOWN!" And from 20 ft away I thought I saw her smile knowingly at me, her gentle voice making ripples over the water as I thought I heard her whisper, "You are you for a reason. Use it well hero." I raised my voice now, "What's that even supposed to mean?!" But Eurynome the mermaid smiled and sunk beneath the glassy lake. I was half tempted to jump in after her, but logic told me I would never find her - not in this lake, not in my lifetime, because Gods never do anything the easy way. Resigned to my gloomy boulder, I pried opened the fingers she'd closed around something. I found two pouches in my hand, with their openings tied taught with a string, long enough to hang around someone's neck. On the outside they were identical in every way, except for the imprinted symbol on one face of the square shaped pouch. One was the symbol of Hecate (with two crossed torches), and one was the symbol of Hypnos (a tree). Out common sense I didn't try to open up the Hecate one (with my luck I'd get towed to the underworld for a surprise party), but I did pull the Hypnos one open, and emptied its contents into my hand. Three things fell into my palm; 1) what looked like a blue (chocolate-candy-covered) Smartie 2) a metal imprint of the the tree on the front of the pouch 3) a stone, somewhere between sapphire and turquoise, which surface almost rippled in the moonlight. A metal weight sunk in my stomach. So lets get this straight. One crazy, medieval speaking, fishy Disney princess, just swims on up to me, spews a possible prophesy, gives me some candy, a broach, and a gemstone for good luck, then swims off into the night never to be seen again. And I'm meant to be important in preventing something, with the help of only this pouch and six other outcasts - that must supposedly rise from the ashes. There has got to be a better chance or everyone drowning in smarties (that have fallen from the sky) then me lending a helpful hand in saving the world. What an idiot little mermaid... I sprinted for the big house not long after logic kicked in - hoping that Chiron could assure me I was hallucinating. I arrived breathless, clutching the pouches in one hand and leaning on the well lit porch, and pounding the door with the other. No one answered. My stomach started feeling uncomfortably warm and I pounded the door harder, hearing footsteps from behind it as sleep clawed its way over shoulders. My vision started to see-saw and I struggled to hang onto consciousness, needing to stay awake and warn Chiron. As someone opened the door I managed to get out, "The little mermaid just…" before the world went blank, and I crumpled to the floor in front of who I thought might be Argus - the two mysterious pouches still held tightly, in one hand... And it's time for the end little bit that I set up, so that if you think this chapter is completely worthless, you can still say you've learnt something - and that it was all that little bit less pointless/waste of your time :D So...this chapter's completely-random-sort-of-useless-fact (brought to you by Mandy's special little homework planner); FACT: Coca cola only sold 20 bottles in its first year They never stopped trying, so why should anyone else? *quiet cough* so maybe give the next chapter a go, hmmm? *clears throat* I've also adapted a sign off from my last Maximum Ride fanfic to mirror Percy Jackson a little more, and I also wanted to do it because I can. So, without further ado, and as always; Review, Fight on, (not necessarily in that order) M