looked pleased with her apology. "Yeah, we're good." Annabeth slid into the chilled water before introducing herself and Percy. Chiron was starting the kids out fairly easy for the first week, merely warm-up exercises if anything. They kick-started the practice with two laps of freestyle kicks using kick-boards. One of their more experienced swimmers, Jordan, blew past to the front in his first lap. A fact he seemed adamant on reminding everyone. Annabeth and Percy didn't conflict as much as she assumed they would, although they didn't really speak much. They both stood on opposite ends of the lanes guiding the kids along, correcting any mistakes they took note of. It continued on similar to this for the next hour until the clock struck 10 and they switched into the deep end for the half of practice the younger kids anticipated. The deep end was split into four lanes, each lane being taken up by two groups. Most of the second half for the younger swims consisted of races and shorter exercises- the deep end was only around 20 feet anyhow and not much could be completed in the small space. Annabeth and Percy's lane were combined with Thalia and Luke. As Annabeth made her way over, she caught a glare of bright blonde hair in the corner of her eye. Her face immediately reddened- something she blamed on the already scorching morning sun- and her stomach erupted in butterflies. "You ready for your swimmers to get crushed, Chase?" Luke inquired, eyebrow raised mischievously. Annabeth bit her lip, trying her best to contain her giddy smile. " Obviously you haven't witnessed my little Tabby demolish her competitors in butterfly." Luke's laugh rang in Annabeth's ear, setting off another avalanche of blushes and butterflies. "Well, I'm definitely looking forward to witnessing that." She waved to him as he retreated over towards Thalia on the other side of the pool. By the time Annabeth made it to her end, their swimmers were already huddled around Percy, energy level clearly raised. "Hey! We racing?" She questioned. Percy stood straight up again and smirked- she noticed he did that a lot. "Yep, I've already organized them." Before Annabeth could respond, Tabby sounded out her excitement in a guttural scream proclaiming their impending victory. The kids surrounding her raised their small fists in approval. Annabeth faced Percy and immediately they both burst into a fit of laughter. They had surely received the eccentric bunch. The kids all lined up according to the strokes they were going to be swimming as her and Percy stood off to the side. Thalia screamed for the first swimmers to take their mark. Little Linus from earlier snapped his goggles into place before bending into position. With a swift blow of her whistle, the kids were off. Back and forth, they swam the four assigned strokes within the Individual Medley. Each kid on their team looking even prouder as they made it to the wall before their competitors. Quickly it dwindled down until it was solely Jordan (the supposed freestyle all-star) launching into the water. Annabeth beamed with pride as Jordan shifted through the water with ease- well, as much ease as an 8 year old can hold- and grazed his hand across the tile, declaring their lane as the winners. The kids erupted into cheers and Percy even offered Annabeth a prideful high-five. He turned to the kids positively beaming, a sight that took Annabeth's breath away momentarily. His innocent happiness as such a simple thing radiated warmth throughout Annabeth- a fact she wasn't entirely sure what to do with in the moment. Maycee and Tabby led the excitement of the group, until Thalia called for a rematch and a new found determination gleamed in their elementary eyes. They continued on with the relays, mixing and matching with different strokes, taking in the fun of the first day before they had to revert back to the more diligent practices. Once 11 o'clock rang and the kids exited the pool, Annabeth smiled to herself. "That was actually pretty great." Percy sounded off close behind her, sounding more like he was clarifying the statement to himself. "Yeah, we got pretty lucky. Our swimmers are some of the best in their age group." Annabeth examined, their times surely spoke for themselves. Percy laughed. "Yeah, and also the loudest." Annabeth let herself smile, feeling suddenly ashamed for assuming working with Percy would be an utterly terrible thing to endure. "I actually wanted to talk to you about Jordan, actually." She stopped suddenly, wanting Percy's full attention for her suggestion. He threw his towel over his shoulder before responding,"Yeah, what about him?" "I was thinking about showing him some faster breathing techniques and arm stokes that could reduce his time." Percy looked to her quizzically. "Don't you think that's a bit much? I mean the kid's already great, there's no need to push all that on him." Annabeth felt as if a switch had clicked back on in her head screaming: slacker! slacker! "Well, yeah, but there's always room for improvement. He's got great potential." She added, biting her lip as if it would somehow keep her frustration at bay. Percy frowned. "Annabeth, he's eight ." "Well, it's good to start good habits young!" She protested, hands wringing furiously into her towel. His eyes widened in annoyance."You don't need to get defensive." "I'm only being defensive, because you're not taking any of this seriously." She pursed her lips, awaiting a response, but he simply furrowed his eyebrows and stalked off. She waited a few moments before continuing on her way. This had ended exactly like she'd predicted it. Percy not knowing when to step in and make good even better . How was she meant to work with a kid who wasn't even willing to push himself, let alone a whole group of swimmers? She ran her hands through her hair, pinning it up as she continued to huff in exasperation. Percy freakin' Jackson.