and Will to scramble. Everywhere around them, mortals screamed. Gods knew what they saw. The street gutters were now blocked with rubble causing water around them to rise. Argus picked up streetlamps and threw them like javelins at Kyknos. "THREE FATES, THREE CHOICES…ALL ENDING IN DEATH" "PERCY!" Chiron called, as a boulder swooped overhead, "All of you must go now. He is too powerful" Everyone heard, but no one listened. Water was up to their waists now, as Percy, Annabeth, Nico and Will fought the monster down. But it was no use. Kyknos had other ideas. The monster blasted Chiron into a wall with a current of water. Percy saw through the corner of his eyes as a piece of the wall came crashing down on the old Centaur. Fortunately, Argus came to the rescue and helped Chiron up, although he didn't look so good. He had tried to take control of Kyknos's current, but it was just too strong. He was having a tough time controlling the flood forming around him. He felt a tug in his chest and before he knew it, he stood surrounded in a whirlpool of water, knocking the monster away. He took another look at Chiron who had gotten off his wheelchair and was now a full centaur. Even in all his might, the wise old leader looked shaken. He then saw Annabeth who had been trying to find a weak spot on the giant, but it was no use. Distracted, Percy never saw the huge column of water hit him right in the head. His vision blacked out and the last thing he saw was the monster lifting up their van and throwing it at Chiron. He thought he saw a taxicab pull up as well, although he wasn't too sure. When Percy woke up, he was in the back of an old screeching cab on what appeared to be Interstate 495. They were driving alongside the East River. The three Grey Sisters were driving the car. Well actually, one of them was driving while the other two fought over an eye. "I CAN'T SEE," one of them yelled. It was sometime in the night, as the cab whizzed past the highway, he could see the city lights from the corner of his eye. He looked around and saw Annabeth unconscious, slumped against his shoulder. Only Nico and Will where awake and appeared to be whispering to one another. Before Percy could say anything, Will spoke up. "Listen man, I going to need you to calm down. I'll explain what happene-" "Where's Chiron? And Argus?" Percy interrupted. "Uh, you two just fell and we didn't know what else to do. I've healed you guys as best as I could but-" "Where. Is. Chiron?" "He, uh, told us to leave for Camp. He said he would be okay, but…Kyknos took them." Will looked down. "I would have stayed, I really wanted too! But Argus shoved us all in." The monsters words ringed in Percy's ear. YOU CAN LIVE WEEKS WITHOUT FOOD, DAYS WITHOUT WATER, BUT NOT A SECOND WITHOUT HOPE. Right now, he had everyone counting on him. He could not afford to lose any more friends. He had to hope, that everything would be okay. He had to save Chiron, Argus and his Mother. Maybe this was his fatal flaw talking again. Or maybe Percy got hit in the head a little too hard. 3 fates, 3 choices…, the monsters words were still fresh in his ears. But this time, he would take control of his own fate. He wouldn't let his life be decided by a tiny little thread. If he was close to death, Percy wanted to make sure that he stood face to face with it, and gave one hell of a battle. Together, Percy, Annabeth Nico and Will would bring back their Camp Half Blood family, and he wouldn't return until everyone was safe. Percy looked up at the stars, reminding himself of his old friend Bob. This was all too familiar, and he would not make the same mistake again. He saw a constellation of a women that appeared to be shooting an arrow. It was an old friend of his. He imagined himself 70 years into the future, telling his grand-kids what happened on this very day. Would they believe me? He thought to himself. Probably not, but then again…who wanted to be 90 anyways? No, he knew that everyone would return safe, as long as there were stars above him. He looked over at Annabeth who was now awake. He realised everyone was looking at him, as if to make the move. They all knew it, and there was no way Percy could convince them not to follow his lead. He remembered a quote from a book he had been reading for English class by some dude named William Shedd who had apparently been a son of Apollo, according to Annabeth. A ship is safe in harbour, but that's not what ships are for. It was time to kick some butt, or monster butt to be exact. "Turn around," Percy said, "We've got some friends to save." So...was that a cliffhanger? I hope so :P Anyways, thanks for reading, I hope you guys liked it! This is my third story based off of Percy Jackson, so take a look at the others if you want! I have a lot of ideas I want to cover, because I don't think the demigod series are done yet, because there are still a lot of things to explore. I'll try to update often, my last story I would update everyday (but the chapters were much shorter). PLEASE leave some feedback, suggestions and reviews because I can only write more if I feel there is a solid story to tell, also be sure to follow or uh favorite, it always helps! If you have any questions, I'll be sure to respond. Thanks! See you soon :D I hope... ( ._.)