tried to speak, the words coming out as a harsh whisper instead. "I'm sorry ... I couldn't save you. I should have done - something ..." "It's okay." Poseidon whispered back. "It isn't your fault, you were interrupted before you could make the choice. The prophecy was never completed. You couldn't have known." "Ignorance isn't an excuse. It was my Fate, my responsibility, and I somehow managed to screw it up." Percy insisted fiercely. "Something happened that was never supposed to, that isn't your fault." Poseidon disagreed. "It is my fault." Percy whispered brokenly. "All those lives are on me." "No, they aren't." Poseidon said in a tone of voice that brooked no argument. "Percy, look at me." When Percy met his gaze, he continued talking. "I don't blame you for what happened. Don't look at me like that." Poseidon added, seeing the clear disbelief in his son's gaze. "It's the truth. I don't blame you, none of us do." Percy saw the sincerity in Poseidon's words and his eyes softened a little. He nodded a little in acceptance and gasped in pain when the movement pulled on his wound. Percy's eyes slid shut, exhaustion and blood loss finally taking their toll. Poseidon's heart skipped at seeing his son look so pale, so ... lifeless. Knowing that his son would soon be gone forever, Poseidon reached out and stroked his son's face, the way you would a small child who needed comforting. Percy smiled softly at the father he no longer had the strength to see, reaching out blindly for Poseidon's hand, only to encounter the smooth cold of metal instead. Percy shuddered at the feel of the chains that bound the gods; they seemed to suck the energy, the life, out of everything they touched. To be chained in these for years ... "What are these?" Percy asked softly, knowing Poseidon would understand what he meant. "Chains designed to drain the majority of our power away. Keeps us too weak to fight against it." Poseidon said dully. "But it can be fought?" Percy said, an idea ticking away at the back of his mind. "Yes." Poseidon said. "What are you planning?" "If I channelled all my power through the chains." Percy began, "As if I was about to blow this place up, could I break them?" "Maybe." Poseidon said, heart in his throat. "But the effort will probably kill you." Percy smiled crookedly up at Poseidon, opening his eyes with effort. "I don't think that's a problem. What about the other gods, if I shatter your chains?" "They were all made at the same time, in the same fire, from the same metal. Think of the different chains as bees in a hive - parts of a whole. Only in this hive, you kill one, you kill all." Poseidon whispered. Wrapping his right hand around the chains, Percy called on his powers for the second time that day. As he did so, his left hand plunged into a well-hidden pocket and pulled out a single drachma and a pre-written note, which he pressed into his father's hands. Poseidon's eyes widened and he hid the drachma and the note as best he could, in case Kronos returned unexpectedly. Percy focused on the sea as he did whenever he controlled the water, but instead of pushing that power outwards to manipulate whatever water was nearby, he pushed it into his hands, both of which were now wrapped around the chain. The metal was cool in his hands, but the chain felt unpleasantly like it was wriggling to get away. The son of Poseidon pulled more and more of the sea through him, until it felt like he was about to burn up from the sheer power of it. He could see he was glowing, even through closed eyelids. It was similar to the light when the gods teleport. He wondered if they were related, and then felt vaguely worried. He was only mortal, and that light incinerated mortals. Percy felt the power in his hands, felt his control slipping, and pushed the power out as hard as he could, into the chains. FLA-BOOM, the might of the sea rushed out with the force of a tsunami, and just as destructive although concentrated on one specific thing. Despite the sheer power that was being unleashed, Percy could feel the movement of the chains, could feel that they were still in a way, alive. Grimly determined to finally succeed, the demigod pushed everything he had into freeing the gods. Poseidon watched the amount of power his son had managed to call and control with pride, and more than a little worry. Poseidon knew that Percy would go back when he died, but whether Percy was dead in the world or alive in another, the result was the same. He wouldn't be able to see his son again. Poseidon rested his hand over the slowing heart of his dying son. A loud cracking noise split the air and they stared in disbelief and hope at the cracks spider webbing their way along the manacles. With a final sort of shattering sound, the once-ominous and life-sucking material broke apart forcefully, the pieces flying away like shrapnel. Very sharp shrapnel. Some dug into Poseidon, some shot up only to clatter harmlessly to the floor, but most burrowed into Percy. One sliced open an artery in his neck. All Percy was aware of was the chains cracking, then spots of pain as the shrapnel hit him, and finally the sensation of blood pouring out of his neck at an alarming rate before his heart finally stopped. His final thought went something along the lines of, 'Now who got the last laugh. Ha!' Then he woke up somewhere - somewhen - entirely different. This used to be two chapters, but the second was really short so I made it into one when I went back to get rid of a couple mistakes. Easier that way. Enjoy, Shib. :)