figurines back into their case while Leo scooped their abandoned game of Cards Against Humanity into the box. Soon the cabin was clear, the figures hidden away and the box of offensive cards tucked under Leo's arm. They found themselves facing each other across an empty room, and Nico suddenly felt like he had too many hands and no idea what to do with them. He settled for shoving them in his pockets. "So," he said awkwardly. "So," Leo echoed with a breathy laugh, shifting his feet. "S'pose I should go get changed before breakfast- be pretty weird if I showed up in the same clothes as yesterday, huh?" "Like you haven't done that before," Nico laughed. He shrugged, offering an uneasy smile. "Thanks for sticking around, I guess." "Hey, no problem, man," Leo said, sounding genuine. "I had fun." Nico nodded, hoping his bewilderment didn't show on his face- he'd been called a lot of things, but 'fun' wasn't on the list. What was even weirder was that he could honestly say that he'd had fun, too. Maybe he and Leo weren't as different as they'd thought. "Leo," he said. Leo paused in his stride to the door, turning to face him. "Yeah?" Nico shifted his feet self-consciously. "It sucks that Calypso left, and I miss Will, but…" he shrugged bashfully, chewing his lip. "I'm glad we're friends, now. You're actually a lot less annoying than I thought." "Thanks," Leo snorted. But he smiled, his tense shoulders relaxing. "Same to you. Guess we didn't come out of this thing totally empty-handed, huh?" Nico grinned, nodding in agreement. Leo made to leave, but his hand hesitated on the knob. "Hey, Di Angelo?" "Yeah?" Leo's restless fingers tapped on the handle, his eyes following them. "You shouldn't feel bad. About Will. I mean, I'm not saying you should get over him right away 'cause I know that's hard, but… you shouldn't feel bad about why he left." He looked back up at Nico with a smile. "I mean, if he can't take you as you are, then that's his problem, right?" "Is it?" Nico asked sullenly, hands digging deeper into his pockets. "Dang right, it is," Leo insisted, warm brown eyes meeting Nico's across the room. "Trust me, that's not the kind of guy you want in your life. One day you'll find someone who just wants you for you and doesn't care about the extras." Nico frowned. "You really think so?" "Yeah," Leo said earnestly. "I mean, you know me- 'Repair Boy Extraordinaire'- I make it my business to get the broken parts moving. But I draw the line at fixing things that don't need fixing." His hand left the knob, running shyly through his messy curls. "All I'm saying is, don't let anyone make you feel like you're broken, 'kay? 'Cause I've met my fair share of broken people, and I'm telling you right now that you're not one of them. You're just you and that's cool, so just keep being you, yeah? Anyone who doesn't agree can piss right off." Nico felt like he couldn't move his feet if he tried. After a few moments he got his dry tongue in check for long enough to rasp out another cynical response. "I don't know, man, seems like kind of a tall order- you really think anyone could look past… this? I mean, could you ?" "It's not about me," Leo smiled, turning the handle and opening the door a crack. Soft morning sunlight streamed through the gap, glistening in his eyes the colour of rich earth. Leo made to leave, but faltered. "But yeah, I could." Nico stared right at him, disbelief etched in his features. "Seriously?" Leo met his gaze steadily, leaning against the doorframe. "Nico, I've been around a bit longer than you-" "Literally only nineteen months, but go on," Nico chimed in, smirking at Leo's withering look. "But I've learned a thing or two in my life," he said. "Mostly the hard way, and mostly over the last three years to be honest, but I probably would have wasted a lot less of my life chasing girls who made me miserable if someone had told me this sooner." Nico waited patiently, his breath rushing out as he realised he'd been holding it. "I think a thing like that- the real thing, the one that makes you happy and is worth holding onto- is something you can't go looking for," he shrugged, tilting his head towards the light. "I think sometimes you just have to live your life, just go on everyday as normal and not hold your breath for the Hollywood ending. When these things happen, they just happen. Sometimes…" he trailed off, his tan cheeks flushed darker. "Sometimes when you least expect them to." He glanced back at Nico, and with an awkward wave and an impish grin he disappeared into the light, the door clicking shut behind him. Nico was alone again, a solitary figure in the glow from the window. His mind raced with Leo's words, everything that had happened over the last nine hours suddenly clamouring for attention. Just nine little hours to have him wondering if he truly deserved everything that had happened, or if maybe, just maybe he was worth more than that. To have him questioning everything he thought he knew about himself, everything he thought he'd known about Leo Valdez. And as his hands traced the words on his arm, the scribbled promise that Leo had kept without a fault, he knew he couldn't suppress the grin on his face even if he wanted to. Well, there it is! Sorry if it's not my best- kinda rusty at writing the boys, I'm afraid! I can't guarantee that I'm gonna get back to writing loads of Leico like I used to, but I might start uploading the odd one-shot here and there if I get ideas. Still pretty focused on In The Flesh, though. Well, thanks for reading!