himself to look Nico in the eye. "I-I'm sorry," he said. Nico couldn't help but find the way that Will stammered somewhat cute. Then he slapped himself mentally for thinking that anything Will did was cute. The boy had practically assaulted him! Still, the way that Will hung his head dejectedly made it difficult to stay mad. "I just…" Will sighed. "Never mind." "Sorry," said Will. He turned away from Nico, unwilling to let the son of Hades see the shame on his face. He'd only just told himself to take it easy with Nico. He'd only just reminded himself of Nico's touch-aversion. "I'll understand if you don't want to come," he said. Nico heard a soft slap. He didn't realize, nor could he, that the sound was of Will slapping himself across the face. Will would have done it harder, but it would have been too suspicious. "N-no" said Nico. He stuttered, not really knowing what to do with the situation that had been put in front of him. He was Nico di Angelo, son of Hades, and one of the Heroes of Olympus. He knew how to fight monsters, from cyclopes, to centaurs, to empousai . What he did not know, however, was how to deal with other demigods. Nico reached out to Will, but it was a tentative gesture. He stopped his fingers just short of Will's back. Nico's fingers hovered over Will's shoulder for a few seconds before he took them back. He couldn't bring himself to do it. He wouldn't even have known how to comfort Will! The claw marks on his arm stung because of what Will had done to him, yet, Nico found himself unable to stay angry. Will had expressed remorse that was far and above what was understandable, and, in truth, Nico was intrigued to learn why. Nico came to a realization. Perhaps the reason he was gravitating toward the son of Apollo was because Will seemed so willing to give Nico a chance. He seemed to be so eager to try and be Nico's friend. All the other campers were courteous, but none of them really seemed all that interested to befriend him. They were either intimidated or downright scared. Will talked to him and treated him so differently from everyone else. To the others he was the creepy son of Hades. To his friends, he was someone to be protected. Will, on the other hand, seemed to look at Nico as someone he wanted to figure out. Nico found himself, rather begrudgingly admitting, that he was beginning to look at Will the same way. He wanted to know why Will had called his a friendly face when it was anything but. He wanted to know why Will had insisted on him staying at the camp. He wanted to know why Will wanted to befriend him so much. Nico was intrigued, and whether he liked it or not, he had to sate his curiosity. Nico had to admit, though, that he was somewhat uneasy about the whole thing. It seemed as though Will had a rather short fuse. "I-I said I would go," he said. Nico pondered the thought of Will having a short temper. He never would have guessed. All the times he'd seen Will Solace, the head counsellor of Apollo had been cool and collected. He remembered describing Will as a cat . A short temper was definitely not a trait he would have associated with Will. "I'm going," said Nico. His voice was firmer. He did swear on the Styx, and some small part of him really wanted to give Will Solace a chance. "Doctor's orders, right?" he said, trying to make light of the situation. Instead of the cheery response Nico had come to expect, Will said "Yeah, sure, doctor's orders." Will's tone was glum. He sighed. The sound was so forlorn and dejected that Nico felt a tug in his chest. He felt sorry, but he didn't exactly know for what. Then, all of a sudden, as though a switch had been flipped, Will said "Well, come on then," with his normal cheery clip. "When I said three days in the infirmary," he said, "I meant three days in the infirmary. This doesn't count!" Some part of Nico felt like slowing down instead of speeding up. He watched Will as they walked toward the Big House. Nico chased the thoughts of spending more time in the infirmary away from his head. He was willing to admit that he was intrigued by this Will Solace, but he wasn't that interested. Nico almost jumped when Will buried his face in his hands for a moment. He looked back quickly, as though to check if Nico wasn't watching. Their eyes met. They flushed and looked away. Nico's heart fluttered in his chest. Okay. He definitely wasn't that interested. Still, as he watched Will walk, he noticed that Will was trying his best to maintain some semblance of composure. Nico knew better. He'd been in that place more than once. He could tell from the way that Will held himself that he was beating himself up over something. Could Will possibly be angry at himself for lashing out at Nico? Nico dismissed the thought. He'd lashed out first. If anything, he should have been the one feeling bad. Nico tilted his head as they walked. He had to wonder why Will looked so dejected, if it wasn't for the unwarranted aggression earlier. A/N: Alright. There we go. First chapter of Three Days in Darkness done. I hope you liked it. I hope it's refreshing. I hope it's enjoyable. I'd love to hear your thoughts, so please, leave favs if you liked it, and leave reviews if you'd like me to hear your thoughts! It would be fantastic. I'd love the feedback. Just so you know, I'll be updating every week on Thursday, so I'll see you next week for the next instalment of Three Days in Darkness . 3.