It's impossible for that to happen. The gods will never allow it get that far. A street vendor lures me over with the promise of fruit. I examine the stand with an extravagant variety of fruit from all around the world lined up in neat rows. I decide to be unoriginal and pick an apple. It is only when I'm about to bring it to my lips is when I realize that I have no drachmas with me. I place it back on the stand. The vendor frowns. "I'm sorry, I don't have any coins. I can't pay you," I say, truly sorry that I can't buy the amazing apple. It looks as if someone handpicked it and painted the red with a small paintbrush. She waves her hand as if it is nothing. The woman looks at me with the same expression Athena was looking at me: concern. "Nonsense, Aikarina. This is on the house" I flinch at the use of my full name, but I don't correct her. I try to smile, but her expression is starting to worry me. One look around the street and I see everyone sneaking glances or openly staring. With trembling hands, I grab the apple and nervously chew on it. I walk fast down the street to escape the eyes. My speed keeps increasing the more eyes that are on me and soon enough I am sprinting to the only place I know I will be alone. Their eyes follow me but thankfully disappear behind plants and tree branches. The garden's emptiness welcomes me. The only person here is me. Or so I think. At my table, Ares, God of War, polishes one of his many swords. He runs a clean rag over the metal, holds it up to the light, then repeats. Ares gives an exhausted sigh but doesn't look up. "Hello, Aikarina. Or should I say Rina, apparently you like that more," he comments. Ares sounds terribly bored. I doubt that he wants to see me. While the feeling is mutual, I can't help but be offended that my grandfather doesn't want to see me. I bow slightly, knowing that he is expecting me to, even if he's not looking. "Hello Lord Ares. I don't mean to sound rude but why are you here?" His face turns to me. Ares 's eyes are like there is a fire burning behind them. I want to fight something, anything, but I quickly repress it. I'm not sure if it's because of his aura or my genetic connection to him. My father told me before he was executed by the gods, that our relation to Ares makes us more aggressive than others. He warned me about giving in to the temptation of the fight. There is no reason to give in to it now. "Your mother is sworn on oath to secrecy, as are most of the gods. I'm not. At least not yet. Nobody suspects that I will e the one to let the cat out of the bag. She asked me to give you a heads up on what's happening." Ares sheaths his sword with a loud swiping noise. I furrow my eyebrows, trying to think of a reason important enough to send Ares. Ever since the incident where he tried to start a war between the gods a year or two ago, she told me to stay away from him to keep up appearances. Now, she is arranging for us to meet. "Well?" He taps his food. "Well, what?" "Aren't you going to ask what it is? I know you want to. People have been giving you sappy looks all day, haven't they?" I look at him confused for several seconds. "Okay... What does she want you to talk to me about?" He sucks in a deep breath and I know it's going to be a long story. I lean against a tree so my feet won't get tired. "It's about your genetics. My son and your mother. Something that clearly wasn't supposed to happen. I'm not going to sugar coat it; you're a mistake. It is unheard of for a demigod to procreate with a god. Of course, you already know this. Your father was punished and so was your mother, yada yada yada. Now people are starting to wonder about you. You're more than a halfblood, less than a god, so we're not quite sure what to do with you. Long story short, you're either going to die or get booted off of Olympus." I place a hand up to my forehead to keep my world steady. It's as if my hand is my anchor to this and if I move it even an inch, I will fly out to space. A sliver of hope says that Ares is lying, but it makes sense in its own way. "Is that why the gods are meeting more often?" I look up at Ares with wide eyes. He glares at me with a gaze so intense I feel guilty like I did something wrong. He nods. "They're arguing like crazy. Some want to you stay on Olympus, but that's a lost cause. There's no way the 'guy in charge' will let that happen. Someone said that we should send you down to Camp Halfblood to live with the other children. Several want you dead. Just end the threat now. I'll let you imagine who said that." It doesn't take a detective to know that is was either Zeus or Ares who brought up the last option. Neither has been very fond of me. I try to hold myself back from lunging for his throat, but I know that is just what he wants. He's the God of War after all. He chuckles as he walks away. "The decision is tomorrow at sundown. Don't be late." With that, he leaves me alone in my garden at the one time when I wish I wasn't. This is more than I can handle.