Set course for Preveza!" "Um, you're the navigator," Hazel pointed out. "Just checking to see if you were paying attention," Leo said with a grin. Frank started to roll his eyes, but just then another dot on the map caught his eye. Pylos. Frank's stomach clenched. He could hear the voice again. "I await you in Pylos." But it was at least a hundred miles down the coast, way too far for what they needed right now, which was a quick pit-stop to fix the ship. However, it was on their way to Athens. An idea started to form in the back of his head, but Frank decided to wait to mention it. First things first, they needed to stop in Preveza, hopefully without any mishaps. Right, because that usually happened. "We should be there in a couple hours," Leo was saying. "Unless, Percy, maybe you can help speed us along?" Percy looked worn out from the fight with the sea serpent and summoning the waves to get them away from it, but he said, "I can try." After a second, though, his knees buckled and he would have hit the deck if Annabeth and Jason hadn't caught him. His face was green, but Frank was pretty sure the son of Poseidon didn't get seasick. "Sorry, guys. I don't think—I can't manage it right now." "It's fine," Piper said quickly. "You already helped get us away from the sea serpent and kept the waves from sinking the ship." "Yeah," Frank added. "That's probably enough for one day." Annabeth shot them both a grateful look. "Come on, Seaweed Brain," she said, sliding an arm around his waist, "let's get you downstairs. Jason, can you give me a hand?" "Sure," Jason said. The three of them made their way below decks. A few seconds later, as a particularly large wave rocked the ship, Hazel turned the same green as Percy and excused herself to run back to her cabin. Frank's heart twisted. He wished he could help her, but there wasn't anything he could do against motion sickness. Healing wasn't a gift of Mars. "Looks like we've got guard duty," Piper said, leaning against the railing. "So what all do we need when we get to Preveza, Repair Boy?" "Watch it, Beauty Queen," Leo said as he fiddled with the controls and brought the diagram of the Argo II back up again. Frank didn't understand every aspect of the diagram, but he was pretty sure that many flashing red lights were typically a bad sign. "The main thing is wood for the masts. And I could use some more Celestial bronze to repair the hull. Hopefully Percy'll be better in a bit, 'cause no one else can repair those cracks on the outside." He looked at Frank. "Unless you can turn into an octopus or something?" "Never tried." Frank didn't think Leo was making fun of him, and even if he was, if Frank could turn into an octopus, they could get the repairs done sooner and he could propose his Pylos idea. So he concentrated hard, trying to picture the octopi he had seen swimming along the bottom of the tank at the aquarium in Atlanta, before that experience turned into a disaster. Don't think about koi , he told himself fiercely. An instant later, Frank was sitting on the deck, but he felt different, more wiggly . Also, his arms seemed to be missing. But as he twisted, Frank realized they had just relocated down to his hips, which were no longer actually there. He had become a pink blob with eight long, tentacled legs. He felt fairly pleased with himself. He wasn't always able to turn into animals he wasn't really familiar with (like when he'd unsuccessfully tried to become a rhino in Venice), but so far, sea creatures seemed to come easily. He wondered if that was because of his family's Poseidon ancestry. After a few seconds, though, Frank noticed he was having trouble breathing. Oh no , he thought. Octopi were ocean animals; they could be on land for about as long as humans could hold their breath under water. And Frank had never been really great at holding his breath. He started to panic, but considering Piper and Leo didn't look too concerned, his panic must not have shown on his octopus face. Just relax , he told himself. You are not going to die as an octopus. That would be totally humiliating. He forced himself to focus on becoming human again. A moment later, he was back to himself. He took a deep breath of the salty sea air. "Man, that's awesome," Leo said, grinning at him. "You can use four hammers at once!" "Why not eight?" Frank asked, glad that they didn't seem to realize he had just been panicking. It was embarrassing to forget something as basic as "ocean creatures can't breathe out of the water." "Because the other four legs are going to be holding the nails," Leo said. "Oh, right." "That almost sounds like it should be a joke," Piper said. "But there's no punchline." "How about this? Knock knock," Leo said. When neither of them answered, he wiggled his eyebrows. "Oh come on, it'll be funny. Knock knock?" Piper rolled her eyes. "Who's there?" "Octopus. "Octopus who?" "BAM!" Leo yelled and both Piper and Frank jumped. "You just got octo-punched!" Frank groaned as Leo grinned maniacally and Piper just shook her head. "That was terrible," Frank said. "Never open the door to an octopus," Leo replied. A small light on the control panel lit up and started blinking frantically, making a whistling noise. The grin slid off Leo's face. "Uh-oh." "What now?" Piper asked, leaning over his shoulder to look at the alarm. "Um, minor leak may have just turned major," Leo said. He glanced at Frank. "So, theoretically, if I gave you a hammer and some bronze—?" Frank sighed. "Just let me get in the water first this time."