her expression went from impatient to madly furious. I don't know how Percy could be so oblivious. "You've been giving us problems, honey," she said. It sounded more like growling. Percy was playing it safe, "Yes, ma'am." She tugged on the cuffs of her stupid leather jacket. "Did you really think you could get away with it?" she asked. After a moment, "I'll—I'll try harder, ma'am." Thunder shook the building. I glanced up, wondering how badly the storm outside must be for the building to shake like that. "We are not fools, Percy Jackson." Mrs. Dodds said evilly. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." Now she was talking like some woman from the sixteen-hundreds. Wait, we? Like, the whole staff of teachers? "Well?" she demanded. "Ma'am, I don't . . ." "Your time is up," she hissed. That's when the low growling became really loud, Mrs. Dodds eyes began to glow red like embers from a fire, and her fingers stretched and grew into long, yellow talons. Her leather jacket morphed into large, leather bat wings with a wing span of about ten feet. She definitely wasn't human. She was now a thousand year old hag with bat wings and three inch claws and a mouth full of more curled, sharp and yellow fangs. I didn't think Mrs. Dodds could be more terrifying, but now she just proved me wrong. Suddenly Mr. Brunner wheeled into the archway/doorway to the exhibit, throwing a pen at my brother. "What ho, Percy!" Mrs. Dodds lunged for him. But she never got there because that was when I chose to make my presence known, tackling our demonic teacher into an exhibit of shining Greek armor. You don't touch him, ever. I pushed a breastplate off my leg and got off her immediately, dodging her frantically flapping wings. I don't know who looked more surprised to see me, Percy or what was now Mrs. Dodds. His expression went from surprised, to angry in an instant. Pulling me away from the demon math teacher, he hissed to me, "What are you doing here?" Yep. Its official now, he was in over-protective-older-brother mode. "Saving your but, apparently." He didn't have time to reply, he pushed me to the floor and swiped the sword over me, slicing Mrs. Dodds in half. There was a hiss, like a balloon deflating. Mrs. Dodds exploded into a cloud of yellow dust over my head. " Cough-cough that… cough was disgusting." I told him as he helped me up. I noticed that in place of a sword in his hand, there was a cheap looking ballpoint pen. "Are you okay?" he asked. I coughed again. "Other than inhaling about two tablespoons of Mrs. Dodds dust, then I'm peachy." I looked around. We were all alone now. Where had Mr. Brunner gone? Was he even there? But I said a question better than the latter. "Did we just imagine that?" Once we got back outside, lightning had struck the Empire State and thunder was booming overhead. It had started a light rain. I, personally, loved the rain. It scrubbed the dirty Manhattan air clean for about half an hour, then pollution claimed its position again. It also left me feeling refreshed. Everything was creepily in place, as though what happened inside the museum never happened. Mr. Brunner was still parked at the base of the ramp, still reading. Grover was where I left him, trying to use an already soaked museum map as an umbrella. Nancy was still standing there, whatever amount of dryness she managed to achieve before was lost. When she saw us, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." Me and Percy exchanged looks. Who is Mrs. Kerr? "Who?" I asked totally confused. "Our teacher . Duh!" I blinked. Was this some kind of elaborate prank? I asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He paused, then said, "Who?" but he wasn't looking at us, so I knew he was messing with us. Then I was unsure when he continued with the clueless act. "Not funny, man," Percy told him. "This is serious." He looked at me, frowning. My face mirrored his. We wandered over to Mr. Brunner, as more thunder boomed. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, Mr. Jackson." He said, looking up. He seemed a little distracted. Percy looked slightly surprised when he realized he still had the pen in his hand. My brother cleared his throat. "Sir, where's Mrs. Dodds?" He stared at him with the same blank expression as Grover gave him a few minutes ago. " "Who?" "Mrs. Dodds." I said, panicking slightly. Where we really nuts? "The other chaperone," I questioned, "The pre-algebra teacher?" I asked. He continued to give me that same blank look. He frowned and leaned forward, novel forgotten, and a mildly concerned expression plastered to his face. Looking at both of us, he said, "There is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling alright?" A/N: Hello, and welcome readers! This is my first fanfiction. Obviously about PJO. WOO HOO! First chapter! Hope you guys like it! I will probably update in a week or so, do keep in mind that I am balancing school in the mix as well. I might post some one-shots of things, like the fifth and fourth grade fieldtrip disasters! Or how a really, really, really lost pizza delivery guy found camp! Bye! "See" you next time! Please don't forget to leave a review, and please be brutally honest. Oh, and another thing, at the end of every chapter, I'm going to have a question so I can get to know you guys. Question Of The Day: What fiction movie, book etc. do you want to be real and why? (Percy Jackson because, yada yada ya.)