offer of attending a summer camp. Surprisingly, she agreed to let me go, whether she knew something more about this whole demigod thing or she was just happy for me to actually express an interest in socializing I don't know. An hour latter I was standing in the pace family driveway with a medium suitcase filled to the brim with clothes and a wallet with about eighty dollars and her business card. "Are you ready"? Malcolm asked followed by a light haired man in his mid forties who I assumed to be his father. "You're Nicolas Blackadder correct? The man asked. "Yes." I answered. "I'm Gregory Pace, attorney at law." "Sir." I said greeting him. Mr. Pace took my suitcase and packed it in the back of the car soon enough I was in the back seat of a car of some sort, traveling north to New York and a camp that I have never heard of before. "Son, don't the satyrs usually do the finding of new half bloods"? Mr. Pace said looking over to his son. "Usually, but most of them are trying to find Pan, the god of the wild," Malcolm said for my sake, "and the others are all in more populated areas, that and Grover and Chiron are personally overseeing some Jackson fellow." "Not saying that this wasn't a pleasant surprise." Mr. pace said looking back at me. "Thanks, I guess." I replied. The rest of the two hour car ride Malcolm reminded me about the old Greek myths, I wasn't by any means a bad student but I just bolted the names out of my memory but kept the principles behind the myths in mind, Never in a million years would I have dreamt that the names would be this important. Finally we came to a to a strawberry field were Mr. Pace let us out and handed us our bags, after Malcolm said his farewells he started to lead me to a large central building. The camp didn't seem like much, a bunch of cabins forming a U around a small fire where there was a girl in … the … fire? I shook my head and continued to follow Malcolm, there was a small lake where there was a camper canoeing in the middle of the lake who was flirting, with what seemed to be the lake, or his reflection I guess. "Naiads." Malcolm said not missing a beat, "They practically flirt with anyone." I opened my mouth to respond when I was interrupted. "Is that him? It has to be him. Doesn't it"? The interrupter was a small girl with curly blond hair and an orange tee-shirt that said Camp Half Blood. "Jeez Annabeth, at least let the poor guy talk to Chiron before you bombard him with questions like you do every newcomer." Malcolm turned to face the girl. "Just because you're older doesn't mean…" "Yes, yes, I know, you're the head counselor and what you say goes, but he hasn't even seen the orientation film yet." The girl turned and looked at me, squinting her eyes, "fine but in the meantime I want to talk to you." "Alright, fine, Nicolas just enter the building that way and ask for Chiron tell him you're a new camper. Also tell him I'll be there as soon as my sister is done with me. I nodded heading over to the building. The first glance at the inside of the building didn't seem anyplace out of the ordinary, just a guy in a wheel chair, a middle aged man wheeling a purple suit, and a teenager were sitting around a table. "whose idea was this? And what were they thinking." The middle aged man said looking at the others. "Don't be too harsh on the young satyr;" said the man in the wheelchair, "Louis just suggested a game that three people can play since we're missing our fourth that means no bridge." "Go fish is a game three people can play, and yet our young satyr suggested that we play three way war instead, tell me, why not just pick the… Chiron, it appears we have a guest." The man said noticing me in the middle of his rant. "Oh, come on over." The man in a wheelchair said turning towards me. "Who brought you here, was it Greg"? "What? No sir, A boy named Malcolm Pace brought me here, well his father did anyway." "Oh, well, allow me to introduce myself, my name is Chiron, I am the activities director here at camp half blood, this Dionysius, and this over here," he said pointing to Louis, "is Louis the satyr." "Like in Greek mythology"? I asked. "Has Malcolm not told you about yourself"? Chiron asked arching an eyebrow. "No," I said "I just wanted to make sure he wasn't kidding about this all." "So another camper, yeah," the other man said, I swear if he sounded even a bit less interested it would be like attending a very very slow baseball game, not that I found any sport particularly fun. Malcolm has already shown you around"? Chiron asked. "Uh, yeah," I responded he said he'd be along in a minute after he finished talking with a girl." I said remembering the small blond girl who had basically assaulted me with questions. "That would be Annabeth," he responded "I'll have to talk to her about that; she tends to irritate newcomers ever since...never mind." "Sorry that took so long." the door opened revealing Malcolm "Lord Dionysus, Chiron." he said greeting both of the adults in the room. Chiron turned around to greet Malcolm while Dionysus just grunted a response. After Chiron and Malcolm exchanged some words involving some student called Percy Jackson, Chiron turned to me and said. "I'm sure you can give him an official tour Malcolm." "Yes sir. Come on Nick, I'll show you around." Malcolm said leading me out of the big house and into the heart of the camp.