something was off. He peaked his head out from behind the tree to check his surroundings. When he did he was face to face with Juniper. "EEKKK!" Grover screeched and jumped backwards. He ended up tripping and falling onto the ground. Juniper laughed and continued down the path she was originally on. "I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself." Grover laid his head against the forest ground and tried to catch his breath. He laidd his arm over his eyes and let out a loud sigh. "Nah, you're fine." Juniper turned back around and stood still with a raised eyebrow. Grover stood up from his spot on the ground and wiped off his hands against his furry legs. "I guess it's about time I just call it quits." he shrugged and looked up at Juniper. "Not like a had a real chance anyways." After that he walked back towards the way he came without waiting for any reply. As he walked away Juniper felt a little guilty; She knew exactly why. He way one of the few who she was willing to give a chance. 'l|l'l|l'l|l' Back at camp, Grover sat on the shore and watched the sun sink down over the horizon. He was kind of disappointed; he was gonna have to admit to Clarisse he didn't get a kiss. He was not looking forward to that. "Grover!" he lifted his head and twisted around. It was Juniper. " Hey, " He stood from his spot and brushed what sand he could off his legs. "What brings you this far from home?" She smiled at him, "You dropped these," She held out his reed pipes for him to take. "I found them on the ground. You must of dropped them when you fell." He took the pipes and hung them around his neck. "Which time?" he joked casually. They both chuckled softly. When silence came back again so did that slight awkwardness. "Uhh, um- Thank you . . ." He lifted his reed pipes. "For uh, yeah." "Yeah, wouldn't want you to get lost in the woods again." She added a wink to the end of her sentence. Grover hung his mouth open as if he were insulted. "I'll have you know, I happened to know exactly where I was the whole time." He crossed his arms, making himself look more intimidating. Juniper rolled her eyes, "I'm sure-" she poked him in the stomach making him double over, "-you did." Grover straightened back up with one hand rubbing the spot she poked him. "Man, that really hurt." He listened to her chuckle, she covered her mouth with a hand. "I think it's gonna bruise." Juniper made a over exaggerated pouty face with her arms crossed in front of her. He laughed at her and she joined in with a lighter laugh. "Who's this little lady?" both cut off at the strange voice cutting into the conversation. Clarisse had walked up without either of them noticing. For such a big girl, she was pretty quiet. She now had her elbow rested on top of Grover's shoulder. Grover started to fidget with his hands. "Uh, She's um . . . She's-" "I'm his girlfriend." Juniper cut in. She crossed her arms in front of her to accentuate her point. Both Clarisse and Grover had their mouth hung open with surprise. "We're talking about the same satyr, right?" She pointed at Grover. His mouth was still hung open, unfortunately. "Yeah," Juniper grabbed his hand and pulled him next to her. "With a satyr like him, who wouldn't want him as a boyfriend?" Juniper started to walk away from Clarisse; still holding onto Grover's hand. He had no choice to follow. Even as the walked hand in hand down the shoreline, Clarisse stood there dumbfounded for a good two minutes. As Grover and Juniper kept on walking, Grover was a little more fidgety than usual. "So . . ." he tapped his free hand against his leg. "Does this mean you actually . . . you know, wanna be-" "-A couple?" She looked at him with a bright smile on her face. He nodded meekly, his face turning a few more shades red. "I mean, earlier you didn't really seem that interested." "You were also chasing me." "Yeah," He mumbled shyly "Well," They both came to a stop as she faced him. "To answer your first question," she paused. "You could at least take me out on a date first." "And then?" he questioned hopefully. She widened her smile. "And then we'll see." She continued walking down the shoreline. Grover followed along. "If I show up tomorrow around noon do you think you'll be free?" "I'll make time if needed." Grover somehow managed to get out. "Okay." She smiled brightly. "I'll see you tomorrow, then." she turned and made her way back to the woods with a skip in her step. "Yeah, tomorrow." He repeated. Grover just stood there for a moment. He continued watching Juniper until she was out of sight. Even after that, he stood for a few moments longer. It wasn't until he heard someone shout in the distance did he snap out of it. "DUDE! GROVER ACTUALLY GOT ONE!" it wasn't directed at him, but it still made him laugh a little. Grover shook his head. Then continued walking along the shoreline. What a day. And then it finally set in. "I have a date tomorrow." Edited 8/26/2017 And that's a wrap! I'll probably end up rewriting this at some point, but for now This is what we got. For those who actually know (or care) who I am. This is for you. If you're not either, you can still listen. I've made a Snapchat for this account. I'll have behind the scene stuff on anything and everything related to Fanfiction. The account is: madeformoreff (It's the one with the blue avatar.) Please leave a review or whatnot! Anything and everything is appreciated. Until our next communion. -MFM stay weird.