"Ummmm?" He asked; he was too busy messing with the small fringe at the end of the tattered shirt. "Truth or dare?" She asked in an overly seductive voice. "Dare." He said, not even noticing anything. His right shoulder was showing, because the shirt was too big, and his hands, save a few inches on his fingers, were covered, though the bottom hem was inches to small, because Chad was a junior, and Percy was a couple inches taller than him. "Have a heated make out session with the cutest, sexiest person at this game." Macy smirked, pushing her boobs out of her shirt a bit. So that was their plan, make him make out with one of them. He was to drunk to say no, and he was to Percy to back down from a dare. All of a sudden my mind goes blanket as a pair of salty soft lips press against mine. I freeze for a second, but Percy is too wasted to notice that either. I pull away. He's probably too drunk to know anything. Ugh, I really just pulled away; I've wanted that for so long. He's not himself, he's drunk. But he won't remember anything, so maybe one kiss, just to know how it feels like. But someone will tell him, and he will think I'm a horrible friend; he won't even be my friend any more. Wait what am I saying, he won't even want to see my face after that. No. "What?" Macy, Kerstin, Katy, and Crystal shrieked at the same time. Percy looks like a kicked, delirious puppy, and Tony looks plan shock. Lance had past out a few minutes ago. "Come on Perce, I'm taken you home." I grumble and hall him up. I was about to move, but some one yells the cops are here, and I start to run to the closest shadow. I make it just in time, melting into the darkness, with Percy tightly in my embrace. A cop was just a few feet from us. Hopefully the mist covered everything up. I'm at my 'default' place. This is the place I usually go to, if I'm not particularly going anywhere. It's my cabin at camp. Hazel is unfortunately staying at Camp Half-Blood, and wakes up as soon as Percy and I slip back into the plain of the living. "Nico?" She rubbed her tired eyes. "What are you doing here?" "I do sleep here." I smirked, laying down a now unconscious son of Poseidon. "Why is Percy here? And whose shirt is that?" "We were at a party, and someone spiked his drink, then we got into a game o Truth or Dare, were most of the girls were planning to get a make out section from Perce. Well, they got him into my pants, like we switched pants, and they got him to put on this other guys shirt. Then they asked him to kiss the 'cutest, sexiest person in the game'." I said, still a little stunned at his choose. "So you took him away before he made a choice?" Hazel inferred. "No, he made a choice, and he made it to be me. But it was probably because he was drunk. Any ways, I didn't want him to get all weird, so I was about to take him home, when some one said the cops arrived, but I got away, with Perce." I said. "Oh, maybe not." Hazel shrugged. She was wrong though. "Night." "Night." I said back and curled into bed, making sure Percy had room, but too tired to shadow travel, or carry him anywhere. /LINE BREAK\ I woke up to someone puking in my bathroom. It took me a second to remember last night. I walked up to the offender, being Percy, and sat down beside him, rubbing his back gently. My mom used to do that to me, when I was little, and Bianca did it too, in the Lotus Hotel and Casino. "Owe, what happened last night? I don't remember being hit in the head by a Cyclopes?" Percy groaned. So I went into a story of last night, when I got to the part with him kissing me, he blushed the hardest I ever saw him. "I-I'm sorry. I-I didn't mean too. B-but she-she did..." I stopped listening. What? So it wasn't because he was drunk, it was because he actually thought it? My cheeks grew as red as his. "W-what about Annabeth?" I asked; pretty sure there was a certain daughter of Athena girlfriend, with a particularly deadly knife she can wield with expertise. "Oh, we broke up about a month ago. She said I was more like a brother to her. It was really confusing. I asked Piper about it, being a daughter of Aphrodite and all. She told me Annabeth knew what I really wanted. So I began to think, and the one thing that kept coming to mind, or more like person, was...you." Percy said the last part pretty soft. "Oh." I gulped. 'Oh', indeed. "I should go." Percy started to get up, but he was as queasy as ever. "Wait, you don't have too." I breathed. "What do you mean?" Percy asked; gods was this as hard for Annabeth as it was for me? He was so oblivious. "He means he's been having a major crush on you since he met you. Dude, get your head out of the sea-foam and start looking at his blushing, and his clear attractiveness to you. Now I'm going to shut this door, and you both are going to reenacted last night, with out the cops coming and Nico getting cold feet." Hazel huffed, and shut the door. Sometimes it's hard to tell she's from the 1940's. I looked at Percy, who was looking at me with utter shock, so I decided to change it up from last night, and take the lead into the kiss. And what a kiss it was. THER EDNR ',;l