him and swallowed hard, moistening her dry throat. She knew that he cared. She had already realized in the Lamborghini, when he had appeared beside her in the disguise of a homeless man, how much his twin sister meant to him. Luke perhaps might be right with his statement that the Olympians didn't care when it concerned a few other gods, but Apollo wasn't one of them. Percy had figured that much. He cared about his sister and even went against his father's rules to help her in her search for Artemis. "Er, yeah ..." Percy said awkwardly, brushing a loose strand of her hair behind her ear in embarrassment, "You're welcome." Apollo said nothing then. He just looked at her. And Percy looked back, trying not to let show anything of her anxiousness, trying to play it cool, but fuck ... his eyes made it pretty difficult for her to act cool. She didn't know if he was able to feel it, this ... thing – buzz, crackle, fizz, hum. Whatever it was, it was there in all its confusing glory, flickering between them like bees around honey and stinging the skin in a way that was, for Percy, altogether too pleasurable. Eventually, she averted her eyes when it became too intense, too much, and used the excuse of clearing her throat while she gathered her wits from around her fucking ankles. Percy was very well aware of the fact how she was looking right now. She was still wearing her gray sweatshirt, dark skinny jeans, and her black leather boots, and her hair which she had pulled into a messy knot was greasy and unwashed, her clothes dirty. She couldn't picture that she made an attractive figure in this state, but how could she know that Apollo was thinking she had never looked any more beautiful than she did now? "Oh!" Percy broke the tension filled silence as she happily remembered about something she had wanted to give him. "Before I completely forget it – I've got something for you, Lord Apollo." She took out a folded piece of paper from the back pocket of her jeans, unfolding it hectically before she nervously handed it over to Apollo. "I mean, you wanted me to do one, after all ... and uh, it's probably not really good, but you, well, asked for one." As Apollo grabbed the note with a vague suspicion in the back of his head, their hands brushed slightly against each other. This time, the contact was even more intense than it was when they had been in his chariot. It felt as though he was charged with static energy, the tingling sensation shooting across her skin and straight into her core. She lifted her head in confusion, seeing that Apollo looked at her with an unreadable expression, almost seeming bewildered as well. When he finally looked down at the piece of paper, reading the words as though he was a dry sponge soaking up the letters as if it was water, an incredulous grin appeared on his face. Apollo helps me He lets me drive his cool car Thanks for your help, Fred "You really ..." he said, blinking in astonishment, "You've really written a haiku." Percy bit her lower lip, feeling a little unsure now that he'd read it. "Well, you said you'd expect one from me, and I tried to make something out of it. It's horrible, isn't it?" "The haiku's just fine, Percy," Apollo assured her with a smile, still not really believing that she'd actually written him one. "You know, I was just –" "You were just kidding when you said that you'd expect a haiku from me, I know," Percy interrupted him, immediately wondering if that was very rude of her. Interrupting him like that. He was a ticking bomb, like all the other gods, and she would never know when it was too much. "But nevertheless, you have asked ... and yeah ..." She let her words fade away, brushing some loose strands of hair behind her ears. As she lifted her head, she saw that Apollo was staring at her with that expression in his eyes she couldn't name or read. And it was hard to breathe when the intensity in his gaze became so hot that it threatened to burn her skin in a way she would gladly enjoy. It felt as though a hot finger was being pressed against her tender skin and the sensation of it was thrilling and frightening at the same time. He had that magnetic energy that made her feel anxious and excited all at once. "Well ... I have to go now," Percy said softly, burying her hands into the back pockets of her jeans, because otherwise she didn't know what to do with them, how to hold them. "My mother's surely already waiting for me. I don't want her to be even more worried if I don't show up at home soon." Apollo nodded slowly, a little smile showing up on his face. He had dimples when he smiled and Percy couldn't help staring at them, because they got her heart racing faster than ever before. "Well then, have a good night, Percy. I'm sure we'll meet again soon." "Thanks," she said softly, feeling a little disappointed when his dimples disappeared, "I'm sure we will." And as she turned and left the throne room, Apollo stared after her until she disappeared wholly from his sight. Then he looked again at the piece of paper in his hands, reading the haiku once again. He ran a hand through his hair as a soft chuckle left him. It had been so long that a mortal managed to surprise him this much. And he had the vague suspect that it wouldn't be the only and last time. Persephone Jackson was definitely going to complicate his life and he couldn't be more excited about it. He was definitely going to see her again soon.