walls and a grand piano in the living room, a few signed guitars here and there and so on. Over all Annabeth really liked the house. "Here you go. Fruit tea with some nectar." Arthur said placing the tea before her. "You have a really nice house." Annabeth said taking a sip of her tea. "Who designed it ?" She asked. "Mostly my dad and I but my wife did help out a little with the decorating and stuff." He said. "Why isn't she good at that tape of things ?" ( Once again I will stop with asked, answered and so on for the same reason as last time .) "Oh no she is it's just that she said she might as well leave it up to me since I am my father's son and all." "Aha. And is your wife not at home today ?" "No she went to visit her mother in Asgard and took Zane with her." "Why didn't you go ?" "For the reason why most guys don't go to visit her mother's in law. I don't really like to be around her all that much she gets annoying after a while." "Why doesn't she likes you ?" "Oh no she does. She absolute loves me and that's annoying." "So do you live here or in New York ?" "Here I have a portal that leads to my house in New York and I leave for work from there every morning. But those two houses are not the only ones I own." "Really ? Tell me more ?" "Well I own houses all around the world. 8 in America it self. 1 in Japan. 2 in China. 3 in Russia. 1 in Norway 1 in Asgard and another 9 in Europe. 26 in total counting this one." "Do you have any other powers than intelligence and artistic talents ?" "I have a great strength in my hands thanks to working with uncle Hephaestus and training with uncles Ares and Hercules. But I use it only during my martial art trainings." "Really so what do you train ?" "I own black belts in karate, kung fu and judo as well as a brow ones in Taekwondo and Taijutsu. I might get a black belt in Taijutsu this year though. And as you could have already guessed I know some white magic. " After that they talked more. Or rather Annabeth asked Arthur even more questions. They stopped about 40 min before her carefue. "Will you make it on time ?" She asked when they were once again in the car. "It's ok I know some spells to help us out with that." He smiled at her and muttered something in Latin. Within a blink of an eye they were on a road that was about 15 minutes ride from there to reach the camp. Back At The Camp Arthur walked Annabeth to the camp gate. "Thank you for that Annabeth. I had a great time with you. Your questions were really good and I had a lot of fun answering them." He admitted. "No thank you. You really are a great person and you are nothing like the other gods." She said. He just smiled at her. "Before you go I have one final question." She said. "Go on." He encouraged her. "Why did you came to see me in the first place ? And how come did mom never told me about you ?" "Well the truth is that I knew about your existence since the day you came to this world. I don't know how to explain it. It was just a weird feeling that came upon me. It might be something I inherited from my dad as he and his sister Artemis share such a bond. They can even read each other's minds at times. Mom confirmed to me that you are my sister a bit later when she returned to Olimp. " He explained."But I was just always too afraid to confronting you and mom always said to wait because you were too young. But now that you are 16 asked her how much longer is she going to bay you and she said that I can finally go and see you." He said. "About your other question. I have no idea. I can only guess that it was because of the same reason why she didn't let me meet you. But in the end I really don't know. Only mom can answer that question for you." He stated. Annabeth just nod but then looked Arthur straight in the eyes. "Will I see you ever again or was that just a one time thing to kill your boredness ?" She asked. "On the fire of Tartarus no and if that's what it felt like to you I am really sorry." He said. "Of course I will pay you another visit or you can drop by my place in Olimp any time you want. Even if I'm not there. Tiana loves to have guests over." He explained. "If the guards will ask you where are you off to just say that you are on your way to see Arthur and they won't ask you anything else. I grant you that." Her smiled at her. "I'll see about that." She once again kissed her hand and was off. While Annabeth went to find Percy. Hey guys I hope that you liked this chapter. I was more of an informative thing for Arthur. There will be more chapters coming but I don't really know what will be in them as this is the first time I'm writing anything without already having an ending planned out in my head. I also have no idea when might the next chapter be up as I have my mocks really soon and I have to study a lot. So I don't have as much time to write as I would want to. Sorry for everything and please review !