"Annabeth broke up with you so she could be reminded why she was in love with you. You have to show her why she should still love you." Nico stayed silent, letting it sink in. He waited for the older boy to talk next. "She'd get annoyed if I did anything to get close…" Percy reminded him. Nico rolled his eyes. "She told you she wants to stay in touch, she isn't lying to you." Percy thought a moment. "My birthday's coming up…." "Keep going," Nico said, encouraging proactive thinking. His job wasn't to be matchmaker, but he did want Percy happy (happy enough to spread it to the rest of camp), and this was the one place to start. He just needed to see that Annabeth wasn't as distanced as Percy thought she was. "I've never been to San Francisco, maybe she would want to show me around?" "That's more like it!" Nico said, starting to get fired up. "And Zeus said I could have safe travel in the air as long as I lived for all that I've done." Percy contemplated the idea. "Do you really think I could go visit her?" A devilish grin spread on the young boy's face. "I think it's a couple Iris messages away from a plan." There were plenty of rainbows around (Percy could create them at will with his water powers), so Nico helped him ask Annabeth. He was terrified at first, but was too giddy with excitement to finally doing something to see her. Nico prepped him by running through what he should say to her. He was amiable about the whole thing, wanting to make sure it went smoothly. When at last he thought Percy was ready, he handed over a golden drachma from his pocket. In just a few moments, Annabeth appeared in a shimmery haze on the other side of the rainbow. Nico stood off to the side so Percy could have his time alone with her. "Oh my gods! Percy!" She flung herself towards the rainbow so quickly, filling what Percy could see before he got the chance to observe where she was. "It's so good to see you!" His heart wrenched watching Annabeth. Annabeth, who looked so happy there in her home city. Annabeth who seemed so happy with her decision of what became of them. Annabeth who was positively glowing, so that Percy could hardly focus on what he was trying to accomplish. It took him a second to remember what he was going to say. "Hi! Uh, how've you been?" he tried, running his hand through his dark hair. Next to him, he could hear Nico smothering a cackle. "Oh gosh, well the weather down here is way colder than New York but otherwise it's been good! It's been, what, three weeks?" "About twenty two days?" "About?" She smirked. "Wow, that long. What's been going on at camp?" "We're coming along on building the cabins, they're about halfway done. And well, that's about it." Annabeth asked, "And how is everyone?" "Uh, well, I've actually got Nico here with me," he admitted, not bothering hiding it. She raised her eyebrows. "Jason's getting along well, Piper's actually been training like crazy. No word from Leo, or anything, not that we expected to. Rachel says 'hi.'" "And Hazel?" "She's hanging in there, I think. I've spent some time with her, Nico's with her a lot—" "True," he said, butting Percy over so he could take a look through the Iris message. "I feel like she misses her old camp, but hasn't talked about going back, yet. Misses him a lot…." "I do too," she said. "I really, really do. What are things like…without Chiron?" Percy answered, "Pretty different. Mr. D doesn't really give a rip about what we do, even though we saved his ass multiple times last month. Jason's recently decided he's gonna take over organizing camp activities every few nights, we're supposed to have Greek versus Roman Capture the Flag tonight, and he wants to bring in some of the war games traditions that they had at Camp Jupiter. He thinks it'll help with bonding or something." "That's a really good idea," she said, brain whirring. "You haven't been helping him with organizing? Firing up the Greeks?" She was kind of kidding, though it made Percy feel a little guilty. Maybe Nico was right about him slacking off. "Nah," he said quickly. "Listen, we actually called for a reason." He was surprised by how well this was going. "Oh?" "Right. So…Nico had the idea—" "Incorrect," Nico pointed out. "This was Percy's idea." "Well I had the idea that maybe I could come visit you over my birthday since I haven't seen you for awhile and stuff, and it might be good to see the city or—" "That's a great idea!" she cut in before Percy embarrassed himself further. "I'll need to talk it over with my dad—" "And Zeus promised air travel—" "And we'll pick out some days and stuff for us to do! We'd love to have you." "Wow, cool, thanks," he said towards her obvious Greek hospitality. "I'll stay in touch, then." She looked at him expectantly and smiled. "Of course," he said. "It's pretty late over there, isn't Capture the Flag starting soon?" Percy smiled, something real and true. He wasn't even upset about Annabeth right then—he was just glad he'd be able to see her. "You're right, I should go." "Go kick some Roman ass for me," she grinned, and the Iris message ended. As soon as she was gone from his sight, Percy broke into a grin and ran off the dock, diving into the lake, leaving an amused Nico in his wake. Author's Note: And that's a wrap on the first chapter. If you liked it, please (!) review. If you hated it, please (!) review. Feedback means the world to me, and it's the best way to keep new chapters coming, scientifically proven. Till next chapter, Liv