the frieze scared me, as if she wanted to pulverize it… "You have been giving us problems, honey," She said, swiping her finger on the side of my face. "Yes, ma'am." We replied. She tugged the cuffs of her leather jacket. "Did you really think that you would get away with it?" Her eyes were scary. They didn't look just mad, it was beyond mad. They look completely evil. She's not allowed to hurt me, she's a teacher. I hope. "We'll try harder, ma'am." Percy stuttered out. Thunder shook the building, scaring me. I turned into Percy, hugging him. "We're not fools, Percy Jackson," She said, "It's only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." What is she talking about? All I can think about was the illegal stash of candy, not drugs, that we've been selling out in our dorm room. Or maybe they'd realized that we got our essay on Tom Sawyer off of the internet without reading the book, and now they will deduct our grade. Or even worse, they will make me read the book, out loud, to the class. "Well?" She demanded. "Ma'am, I don't…" "Your time is up." She hissed. The weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. I knew that she wasn't human! Uh, now's not the time, Sap. She was shrivelled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me to ribbons. Then things got even stranger. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in the front of the museum just a second ago, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air, when Mrs. Dodds lunged at us. I let out a shriek when Percy pulled me over to the side. I felt her talons slash my cheek. The stinging pain burned me. Percy grabbed the pen out of the air, however when he caught it, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword, Mr. Brunner's bronze sword which he always used on tournament day. I made a run for it out towards Mr. Brunner. "Sappy." He exclaimed, "You go fight too." "What?" I looked at his hands, looking for any weapons. "I will die." "Use your chopsticks." He pulled them out of my hair. My golden chopstick with a blue flower at the end of it, and my silver chopstick with a pink flower hanging at the end of it. Two both very harmless food transferer for asians. He put them in my hands, "Spin them." Mr. Brunner demanded. "Spin?" "Like in class, with your pencils, hurry!" I put one in each hand, and then twisted them around my fingers, as I brought them back and around my wrist, they turned into two sai. I turned over to see Percy dodging Mrs. Dodd's talons. Naturally, I ran over, and sliced her with my half golden sai. Her talons fell right off. Percy quickly got onto his feet and his sword sliced her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she was made of water. It was like seeing a sand castle getting destroyed by a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of the evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching us. We were alone. Two chopsticks were in my hand, and a ballpoint pen was in Percy's. Mr. Brunner wasn't there, nobody was. The gallery was empty except for Percy and me. My hands were trembling. Had I imagined the whole thing? Percy took my hand and walked me outside. It was raining. I swore that the skies were blue earlier. Grover was sitting by the fountain, with the museum map tented over his head. Nancy was still standing there, getting even more soaked after her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw us, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." "Excuse me?" I questioned. "Our teacher, duh!" She looked at me as if I was stupid, which I kind of am. I blinked, and looked over at Percy. "I don't remember having a teacher names, Mrs. Kerr." He whispered. Nancy rolled her eyes and turned away. Percy ran over to Grover, "Where is Mrs. Dodds?" I tumbled down the steps, slipping on the wet marble stairs. "Ouch." I grumbled, quickly moving over to them. Grover paused for a moment, looking at Percy's pen and my chopsticks, "Who?" "Not funny, man, tell me where she is." Percy demanded. Thunder boomed overhead. I went over and hugged Percy. I peeked back up, looking at Mr. Brunner, chilling under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if I didn't see him pulling out my chopsticks. Percy went over to Mr. Brunner. He took back the pen. Thunder echoed again, and I hugged Grover this time. "It's alright Sap, Zeus isn't punishing you." Grover rubbed my head reassuringly. "Zeus is just a myth." I cried, then let out a scream when thunder echoed again. Percy came back, and carried me like a little child. "Mr. Brunner said that was no Mrs. Dodds. Not on this trip, nor Yancy Academy. I think that something crazy is up." I nodded on his shoulder. Stupid astraphobia. Alright, so you guys may be disappointed that it's not the Digimon update, but I'm sorry, this is the best I can do for now. I have school and extra curriculum, leave by a review, and message me. I should start something new: question of the chapter (qotc). Who are your favorite OTP? I personally like my characters together, and Kid Flash x Artemis (the OTP) Drop by a review :)