take a seat on the couch as he prepared some coffee. As Will prepared the drink he told his niece the situation, to the now two curious kids, trying to rationalise his current situation. "How does Mr. Di Angelo forget his own address?" Will shrugged sympathetically, and picked up the rotary phone and hoped beyond hope that Nico would pick up. Instead, as Will expected, there was no answer. However, he gave decided to take a risk, if Nico wasn't home, he could possibly be at one more place. Mr. Di Angelo, Brian, Kimberly and Will, all packed into Will's station wagon, and pulled up to the Ballet studio. They bustled in the entrance (which thankfully was unlocked), hoping to find the young man there. Nico was dancing, gracefully, with his eyes closed, to Johann Strauss. He danced in formations that even Brian and Kimberly were not familiar with. Brian leaned in to his Uncle whispering, "we've never seen him dance like this before." They stood transfixed, as Nico performed to a yet unseen audience. Both Mr. Di Angelo and Will knew nothing about Ballet, but in this moment they felt drawn in. As though Nico's performance were laid bare; his emotions spilling out of him. Both Will and Mr. Di Angelo felt like they wanted to reach out and help the dancing man with his burden. Finally, as the music came to an end, Nico came to a rest. He looked at the mirror out of habit, and suddenly breathed in sharply, as he heard a round of clapping. Father? Nico exclaimed, speaking Italian. "Will?" His father nodded as Nico ran over to his group. Nico went to go shake his hand. His father ignored that, and instead kissed his son on each cheek and brought him into a hug, while sobbing deeply. Any thought of embarrassment on Nico's behalf was pushed aside from the emotional reunion. It had been about 10 years since he had last seen his father after all. That was beautiful. I take it then you have found your 'American Dream'? The elder Di Angelo asked, pulling away from his son. Nico nodded slightly. And has that found you peace? His father pressed on, starring into his son's watering eyes. Nico looked at his father forlornly, shaking slightly. He knew his father was referring to the accidents, first his mother, then his sister. He hoped his move to America would have fixed his aching heart. It hadn't. He looked at Will, not even this wonderful human being could fix, that hole in his heart. Reading Nico's response like any father, Mr. Di Angelo spoke again. Like you, I pushed everyone who cares or cared about me away. Afraid, perhaps of losing more. I know I wasn't there for you, in our time of need. We never grieved together, and I think that's what caused us to drift away. Nico, had tears in his eyes as his father said what he probably wanted to say for years. Will didn't know what they were talking about, but it was clearly an emotional conversation. But he too had things to say. "Nico, what you have done for myself and the kids, I could never repay. All the hardships the kids have gone through, and you were there for them, even when you hadn't realised. They were devastated after you had practically disappeared." The kids nodded in agreement. "I- I got scared…" Nico replied simply, blushing slightly. "We're scared too, in a way, I'm not a father, and these two, and I can't imagine what they've been through. But you brightened our day and we want to brighten yours. And well… I'm sorry for that other night, you weren't ready, and I took things too far…" Will hoped his Niece and Nephew didn't understand what he referred to, but he still had to apologise. Nico nodded, "but how does my father fit into all of this?" "He said you had phoned him and apparently gave my address on accident. He took the first flight to New York, possible." "Oh…" Nico blushed again. He turned back to his father. I'm sorry I cut you out for all those years, how can we ever mend what we have? Nico sniffed. I as well, son. And you can start by showing us another Ballet performance. The old man smiled. Nico blushed again, feeling a weight lift from him and chuckling a little as well. He traipsed back to the boom box to put the song on again, happier than ever, to have an audience. Nico was back on the road again. He had locked up the dance studio, and Will invited him and his father over for Christmas dinner. Mr. Di Angelo insisted that he cook some Italian dish, though with all the stores closed on Christmas day, his options were limited. Is New York traffic always this slow? His father asked. One perk of America I am not fond of. Nico laughed. So is Will… Mr. Di Angelo started. A friend… Err well, maybe more. Wait, you knew? Nico interrupted. A father's intuition, the old smiled. You'll have to tell me more about him, he doesn't know any Italian. Nico laughed, Should I tell him to get started? AROUND 40 YEARS LATER "Grandpa, you told that story last year." "It's a good story." Will countered fiddling with his ring. He still had to get used to it on his finger – even though it had been a year since they had been married. "I agree!" Percy joked, with Annabeth nodding along in agreement, snuggling together at the fireplace with egg nog. "Is that old man bothering you, kids?" Nico asked walking into the living room of the same house that Will and Nico purchased some 30 years ago. "Nonno!"[Italian for Grandpa] the kids chastised him. Nico ignored them and kissed his husband on the lips as he held up a mistletoe above his head. Not like he needed an excuse anyway.