situation. Next to him was a shorter, darker skinned girl with long frizzy brown hair. Her hazel eyes watered with tears as she looked on at the scene. Piper was there too, her hair still in a braid with a feather in it, and she was clutching the arm of a tall blond handsome guy, with a scar on his lip. Both had expressions of deep sadness. There was a Latino elfish-looking boy whose hands could not stop moving in agitation. There were constantly reaching into a tool belt that hung around his waist but pulling out nothing, just gripping something before relaxing and tensing again. Next to him was a girl wearing a sleeveless dress, in a similar fashion to what the Greeks would wear, her caramel hair braided over one shoulder. Lastly, there was a girl with dark hair with electric blue highlights in them. She rocked the whole 'goth-punk' theme with heavy eyeliner and black leather except for a silver tiara on her head which looked very much out of place. She was the first to notice him. She gestured for him to leave, as well as the rest of the group. "C'mon guys, give them some space." They all filed out, leaving Percy to comfort Annabeth. Alex was last out, closing the door to shut out the noise of Annabeth's screams and as soon as he closed it, the gothic punk girl grabbed him by the collar and shoved him against the wall roughly. Her eyes were frightening, a raging storm of lightning in her electric blue eyes. "What did you do?" She growled out. Alex feared for his life her expression was so deadly, he couldn't speak, frozen in fear. Thankfully, Piper came to his aid. "Thalia! Lay off him, he couldn't have known." The punk girl, Thalia, glanced at Piper before releasing his collar but she still glared at him. "What did you do?" She repeated, though slightly less aggressively. The rest of the group looked on, waiting for his answer. It was intimidating to be at the centre of attention, with more than a few glares directed at him. He finally found enough of his voice to answer her. "I didn't do anything I swear, we were just discussing what we were going to do for our Greek assignment when she started screaming." "Did you say anything related to the Underworld?" The girl with frizzy brown hair asked quickly. "No... No, she specifically mentioned not to do the Underworld and so I suggested creation with Ouranos and Kronos and then Zeu-" Alex stopped, realising that he has indeed said something relating to the Underworld. ' Tartarus' "I said Tartarus..." He said softly. He could feel the temperature drop, despite the warm sunny day outside. Disbelief was etched onto a few of the faces and some were shocked but the rest were angry. "You said WHAT?!" Thalia nearly screamed. Alex was so confused... "What's so wrong about Tar-" "Do not speak the name!" The girl with caramel hair cut him off quickly. "But what's so wrong with it?" Piper glanced at the rest of the group. They got the message and dispersed, but not without sending some glances his way, and the girl with frizzy hair stayed. "What's wrong with that word…" she began, carefully, glancing at the girl with frizzy hair. She nodded and Piper turned back to Alex. "They were kidnapped by an underground criminal group who goes by that name. All of their important objectives and people and such were codenamed with things of the Underworld. That's why she reacts to anything related to the Underworld. I guess you could say she has a form of post-traumatic stress disorder." Alex eyes widened. You would always hear about these things on the news, but you never really felt worry, always thinking 'this'll never happen to me'. But something like that happening to Annabeth… it was so close to home… "In fact, Percy has it too, but to a lesser extent. When Annabeth was captured, Percy had the chance to escape, but he let himself get captured to stay with Annabeth. And together, they managed to escape with the help of some of the other captives." All of Alex's previous thoughts and doubts on Percy flew out the window. Annabeth was right. His loyalty was unquestionable. His crush on Annabeth faded, but affection and admiration still lingered. He doubted it would ever fade but he knew he could never break them apart, not that he even wanted to now. They needed each other, after what they had been through together. "I-I'm sorry…" "It's fine, I suppose. They'll make it through. They always have." "I guess you'll have to reschedule your work day with Annabeth. I'll show you out of the house" Said the girl with frizzy hair. Alex followed her down the stairs and through the house. Along the way, he was feeling extremely guilty for making Annabeth have to relive what was probably a nightmare he could never comprehend. They reached the front door, the girl opening it and stepping aside to let him pass. "Can you please tell Annabeth that I'm sorry? And Percy too… I didn't know and…" he trailed off, unable to say anymore. The girl nodded. "I will." She closed the door, leaving Alex on his own. As he walked away from the house, he turned and looked to the third floor, at a window to the left side. He could still hear her… screaming. A/N: Well, that took a darker turn than I had expected, but I was influenced by CreepyPasta which I had just read a story from. Well, anyway, I hope you like it. This is a oneshot and will remain that way, however I will probably add other oneshots eventually. In case you didn't recognise the descriptions, the people of the house were: Frank, Hazel, Piper, Jason, Leo, Calypso and obviously Percy and Annabeth. Please write a review and favourite if you liked. ~Matantor