says, a little lost in his own thoughts. "That's it?" "She also mentioned something about someone being, and I quote, 'very wonderful.'" Sally smiles over at him, setting her novel down once more. Warmth builds up in his chest at Annabeth's words; no matter how generic they would sound to anyone else, it means worlds to him. Percy's euphoric smile fades, his mouth full of spicy hash browns—the same kind he's been eating since he was old enough to digest potatoes. "I can't believe she told my mom before me," he says sullenly. "'S not fair. It's my news, too." "You can tell me, too," Sally says, all business. "I've been trying to work on writing male point of view, actually…" Percy sighs, stuffing a slice of bacon in his mouth. "It was the best," he says, though it sounds like gibberish to anyone but him. He spoons more hashbrowns into his mouth. "I felt nauseous, but it still felt awesome," he continues, his mother giving him a look that says chew with your mouth closed . He gives a thin-lipped smile, raising another spoon of hashbrowns towards her like a toast, and doesn't offer any more indiscernible details. Percy's not secretive usually, and there's few and far in between exceptions to his rule of being completely candid with his mother. He decides his first kiss with Annabeth'll have to be one of those exceptions, since he doesn't feel much like being swatted at half-heartedly with a rolled-up newspaper for not acting like the gentleman he was raised to be. If anything, the first kiss was Annabeth's fault—it wouldn't have been that steamy if Annabeth hadn't bit his lip. Percy decides not to think about that in the kitchen, especially while his mother's a few paces away. He fumbles for his phone on the other side of the fruit basket, his mother having thankfully returned it to where he left it, and doesn't waste any time pulling up their text conversation. Percy: you told her before i could that's not fair Annabeth: I didn't mention the first kiss, you're welcome. She sends a second message with a heart emoji, and while anyone else would read it as an 'I love you,' Percy knows it means 'you better love me for that.' He rolls his eyes and sends back nothing but the words "very wonderful" in quotes and all. Annabeth doesn't answer, but he has a feeling she read it and smiled, so that's enough for him. ;; Percy would be lying if he said everything carries on like normal—carries on like Percy hasn't kissed the girl he's wanted to for months, carries on like he doesn't know how Annabeth's fingertips feel on his bare skin, carries on like he hasn't memorized the smile Annabeth gives when he holds her hand—but claiming everything's changed isn't exactly honest either. It's more like Saturday runs end with a few kisses; more like study sessions end up becoming a different kind of session altogether; more like Annabeth reaches for his hand when their arms overlap on the center console. It's like everything is normal, but all the normal has changed. Percy tries to share his thoughts with Annabeth while they're working through a history study guide, and she proceeds to tell him he doesn't make any sense. He might have gotten offended at that, too, but she followed that up by hooking her chin over his shoulder, making sure all of his work was correct, and Percy found that it's pretty hard to be upset when Annabeth is affectionate with him. And, as it turns out, Percy's not all that adverse to new things. At least not when Annabeth's a part of them. He's grown fond of the white walls in his room, too, since it kind of reminds him of Annabeth's house, and he's finally unpacked the box of track stuff, setting his trophies up on his dresser. She looks at them a lot, admiring his abundance second place wins and belatedly congratulating him on the few firsts he has. Sometimes, just because it's Annabeth and she can't resist, she'll mention how she has a first for all his seconds, and he'll scowl like it actually bothers him. And, because he's recently ran into some good luck, Percy gets to be on a bed with Annabeth here and there. It's just a shame that she's beating him with a pillow half the time for making a smart comment, rather than kissing him. The worst part might be that he still thinks of himself as the luckiest guy alive either way. ;; "Join track team," Annabeth says, slapping a flyer on Percy's desk. It's bright orange, gives him a date and time, and lists his girlfriend as the person to direct all questions to. Percy smiles stupidly at her name, in capital letters with her phone number listed below it. "Percy! Don't pause like you're considering it! You promised ." " Relax , Annabeth," Percy says with a grin. "I already signed up for try-outs earlier." And Annabeth does relax, removing her assertive hand from his desk and crossing her arms. "Oh?" "Yeah," Percy affirms, smirking up at her. "Heard the team captain was hot." She promptly smacks the back of his head, which makes him smile a little brighter than he should after being slapped by his girlfriend. "Shut up ," Annabeth mutters, partly scandalized and probably a little flattered, too. She slides into the seat behind him, then ruffles his hair apologetically where she'd hit him. He turns in his seat and tells her good morning, places his hand over hers, and listens to her while she recites her schedule for the rest of the day. He joins track team and he might be the slightest bit favorited by the team captain. He also tends to spend a lot more one-on-one time with the best runner at the school, and, like always where Annabeth's concerned, Percy isn't complaining in the slightest. ;;;