someday, Will would get to see them again. There was no guarantee of that, and he didn't think that giving Will false hope was worth the brief comfort of his words. Instead, Nico did the only thing he thought was appropriate at the moment. He pushed himself along the edge of the bed closer to Will. "Do you remember them, though?" he said, as he raised Will's hands to his face. Gently, Nico pried apart Will's fingers and pressed his husband's open palms to either side of his jaw. Nico held his breath as slowly, using his hands as guides, Will turned his head to look at Nico. "I do," breathed Will as his fingers, slowly, gently, crept up Nico's face, bringing with them Nico's own fingers. Nico looked into the pale eyes that had replaced the once bright blue ones and found, instead, that his mind's eye saw them as they had once been, full of light and happiness and hope. Will's thumbs grazed the tops of Nico's cheekbones, tenderly caressing Nico's skin. Will sobbed openly for once. "Oh gods," he whispered, as though he couldn't believe what he was doing with his hands. In his mind's eye he could clearly see those dark eyes that he had fallen in love with, that were filled with love for him. "I always will." "I miss the time when your eyes used to be so bright," said Nico, looking at Will with an earnest expression even though he knew that Will would not see it. "They used to be so full of love, life, happiness—" Gently, Nico traced circles on the back of Will's left hand with his thumb. "I miss your eyes, too," said Nico, looking into Will's pale eyes once again; "But I'll always remember how they were before everything happened. The way that they lit up when they saw me the same way that you light up a room when you enter it…" "It doesn't matter if they're not the same eyes anymore, Will," said Nico, bringing a smile to his face as he spoke; "I still have you and as long as I remember what you were like before, I just need to close my eyes and I will always see the man that I fell in love with, the man I'm still in love with." Nico was speaking from the bottom of his heart. It was something that he had never been good at, but for the sake of Will, something that he hoped was sufficient. "I want you to touch my eyes, Will," he said, as Will's thumbs crept slowly upward. "I want you to learn them with your fingers." Will's thumps gently pressed against the hollows of Nico's eyes. Nico closed his eyes, relishing the warmth of Will's hands. "I want you to touch them and remember because I'll tell you right now, Will," said Nico; "These eyes haven't changed yet. They're still the same. They're still filled with love for you. They will still roll at your bad jokes. Nothing can change them in your memories, even when they grow dull as we get older." There was definitely a smile playing on Will's lips now. He did as he was told. Tears were streaming down the sides of his pale eyes. He remembered the way that he had looked into Nico's dark eyes when they'd kissed while treading the water that day by the pier. Nico's eyes were as beautiful in his mind's eye as he was sure they had been on the day that the memory of them had been made. Will brushed his thumb over Nico's brows, then over Nico's eyelids, feeling each individual hair of Nico's lashes graze the underside of his thumb. Will remembered the way that Nico's eyes had reflected the faint starlight on that night in Venice, on that gondola, while the singing French zombie-chauffeur-turned-gondolier butchered the Italian language so badly that Nico and Will had to laugh. Before Nico knew what was happening, Will was crying in happiness. He was laughing all over again, the sound like sweet music to Nico's ears. Nico didn't resist when Will pulled him forward, and after a few failed attempts, pressed their lips together in a passionate kiss. Will didn't know what he had done right in his life for the Fates to grant him the privilege of being the partner of someone as amazing as Nico, but he was thankful for it, despite all the other terrible things that had happened in their lives. Perhaps, in this his darkest hour, Will had not truly lost the light of his world. As he kissed his husband with the kind of passion that only true love could beget, he couldn't help but think to himself that the light of his world was not his eyesight. The light of Will's world was the man that sat on the bed before him. The man that had promised him a future together, no more, and no less, and had kept that promise fully. The man that was the bright flame that gave him strength to keep going despite the shadows that clung to him each moment of every passing day. Will didn't need the light of the world, not so long as he had Nico, because Nico di Angelo was his light, and he needed nothing more than that. A/N: So. There we go. :3. Bittersweet story of Solangelo. Please, do tell me what you think of the story. I would love to hear your thoughts about the way that Will is reacting to his new disability, and how Nico is handling things. What did you think of the cutesy memories that I put in here and there? Did they make the blow at the end ultimately more emotional? If you liked the story, please, do favourite it! If you like me on the other hand, leave a review because I would love to read what you have to say about this story. 3.