slams it shut with enough force to make sure it doesn't bounce back, like it's prone to do. "Just weird, isn't it? Being done?" Annabeth lifts a shoulder, offering her hand to him. He catches it, intertwines their fingers, and stares for a moment. "Not for me. I'm just looking forward to college." Percy nods, slowly, and wonders if that's what he should be doing, too. He got his acceptance letter from the local community college about a week ago, and not only that, but his coach asked him to come back the following school year and help out with swim team if he has the chance. "It feels weird to me." "I think everyone looks at it differently. It's not a bad thing that you feel weird about it." She squeezes his hand like a reassurance that he's not crazy, and Percy appreciates it. Everyone else is so glad to leave, or maybe a little panicked that life's hurtling toward them before they're prepared, but Percy just feels drained and nostalgic for times that weren't even that great. He hates endings. That's probably why he doesn't read much, come to think of it. "Come on, everyone's heading to Rosie's." Percy looks up at Annabeth—the same Annabeth that'd seemed so unreachable in the tenth grade, and still feels the same way now, even if he's got her. He's kind of incredibly glad that Annabeth likes him as much as she does. He tells her so. "I'm glad you like me." Annabeth gives him a vaguely startled look, like he's the weirdest person she's ever met. "It's hard not to like you," she returns with unexpected genuineness. Percy had expected a sarcastic retort to his candid statement, but it wouldn't be the first time she surprised him. "I think I more than like you," Percy admits, after a moment of hesitation, running his free hand through his hair. He's not sure that he loves her, not fully, but he knows he's coming up quickly on that. There's something about Annabeth—something that he wastes too much time trying to put into words when maybe the truth is that it just is . And that feeling that's been welling up in his chest in fits and starts since they got together months ago isn't getting any less overwhelming. Annabeth just smiles at him for what might be a second or a year. Percy's never been good with time. "Alright," she answers, and Percy can't say that's the reply he wanted exactly, but she leans up to kiss him so fiercely that he finds it hard to care. Her hands press into his ribcage, holding both of them steady. "Now, if you're done, let's go to Rosie's." And that's Annabeth, he guesses—managing to sound annoyed even after the object of her affections implies that they're falling hard. The look that follows her comment is soft and, Percy thinks, loving. It's a little easier to get into his car after that; a little easier to drive away from a place he feels emotionally attached to, despite the frustration and anger and self-doubt that reached all new heights in his years spent there. As he and Annabeth leave, he glances in his rear view a few times, and it still doesn't feel real. It still doesn't feel like he managed to snag a 2.7 GPA, still doesn't feel like there's a diploma sitting on display in their living room, still doesn't feel like he's done , even if it's so clear that he is. Percy's not sure when it'll sink in. As it turns out, it hits him twenty minutes later when Axe makes a brief, effective toast congratulating everyone on surviving four years of what he somewhat-jokingly calls a "hell-hole." Percy lifts his milkshake along with everyone else, experiences a moment of suffocating fear in which his glass almost slips from his hand, and laughs along when everyone teases him for it. He inhales deeply, and appreciates being surrounded by all of his favorite people, save his mother. And he's finished , isn't he? Percy made it out alive and in one piece, and with grades that, a year ago, he would have declared impossible. Annabeth presses her shoulder against his. Axe grins and says something Percy can't hear over the revelations in his head. Kay lifts up a handheld video camera, smiling while she films the group at large, laughing at Leo's ridiculous finger-guns he points at the lens. Percy exhales. It feels good. ;; The fair arrives at the end of October, a few weeks later this year and that much colder. Against all odds, the group arranges a meeting, and not a single person doesn't attend. Even if they'd all scattered to different corners of the country, Reyna and Nico breaking those boundaries and heading for France and the Netherlands, respectively. Even if Kay and Jason had to travel quite a few hours from California, where Kay studies film and Jason proves again and again that he's an athletic prodigy. Percy still feels nauseous looking at the rides that spin too fast and rise too high, the hot chocolate is still made of cheap powder and hot water, and Axe is still obsessed with every ride that gives him a rush. If Percy doesn't look too closely, it's almost like nothing changed. Except, this time, Annabeth's hand rests in the crook of his elbow, and she's pressing her nose against his shoulder in futile attempts to keep it from turning red from the cold. This time, Axe is carrying Kay on his back, since she complained that she could hardly keep up with his long-legged steps, and they're more in love than any couple he's ever seen. This time, all of his friends exhibit small changes—in maturity for some, in appearance for others, in personality for most. And this time on the Ferris wheel, Percy's not the only one who stares down at the fair, feeling a little larger than life. ;;;