dangerous gang getting away with so much…are there no clues left behind…at all?" The question was for the chief of police but in the house Hephaestus answered it with a no. "No," said the chief, "there have not been any clues left behind at the scene or on the victims and there hideout or hideouts are completely unknown." "Okay and if found what charges will they face, will bail be available for them?" "No, no not at all at the very least they will get life in prison if not they will all be given the death penalty as it stands they are charged with, "Third degree assault, sexual assault, arson, of course third degree murder, and many other crimes so no bail is not an option due to them being a threat to others." "Okay mister mayor, tell us are has anything like this ever happened before?" "Umm it is hard to say June of course gangs aren't new, killing sadly is not new, but the excellent evasion they have been carrying out on NYPD is something not documented." "Okay now my next question is for you Ms. Grace, you're a school principal what do you think of this?" "I think this is very sick and inhumane behavior and I am scared for the children over the summer as I know all it takes is for them to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and I may be getting a letter attend a funeral but to also let me know they won't be coming back and that would just be heartbreaking." "Okay folks we have to go now but stay tune to see us at ten." The Simpsons then came on and Percy waited to hear someone's opinion on the subject, the man Zeus was the first to speak. "They're never going to do it they keep trying but they'll catch big foot first," he said he took one look at Percy and looked as though had he not been there he would have said more. "The Olympians have been outsmarting them now for years they just can't keep it quiet anymore." "Really?" Percy asked he knew the Olympians were not new to towns but he didn't know it had been years. Percy, the Olympians have been around since I was just about your age," his father said looking at him mournfully. Percy missed the look and just looked awed, "wow they must be good." "Doing all this damage they're better than good," said the one known as Ares. "Some of the guys at school talk about them some want to join them other want to make an even better gang than theirs." Percy stated as they but something was underneath it. "Yeah and which side are you on, kid," Ares asked looking at him with full interest as did everyone else in the room Percy didn't like being called a kid but he answered. "I don't know…I'd never really thought about it." "Well if you had to pick which would you choose," asked Dionysus. "Umm I guess I'd join them I mean I would think they would kill anyone who tried to make a better gang and then I suppose that's the last option…well as far as the boys go." Poseidon frowned this is one of the many things that Percy should never even think about. "Oh and what do the girls say," Hermes asked with a twinkle in his eyes, honestly the look made Percy think of a boy at school who liked to go pickpocketing so much so many people checked their pockets the minute they he came in to sight. "They say…" Percy trailed off and then blushed and then turned around and grabbed a pen and blank sheet of paper and wrote: They say they wouldn't mind letting them pimp them…word on the street is there pretty good looking. "From a girls point of view," he verbally added. The people in the room shook their heads in amusement. Hermes groaned, "Poseidon I'm hungry where's that good food you always have waiting." "If you're hungry ask Percy he cooks all that food for you anyway." "Really that's you behind the kitchen," questioned Demeter . Percy blushed, "well yeah…I learned from watching t.v." "What the cooking channel?" Ares asked looking skeptical. Percy just nodded and Ares looked at Percy's father Poseidon. "You sure he's yours?" "Positive Ares," his father used a cold tone that Percy had never heard before. "Right then so where do you hang out with your friends and not at home watching Rachel Ray?" "Oh umm I like going to the park and stuff there's a place there that sells the best snow cones…once you get over all the bootleggers and the drug dealers." "Oh Pollux's the place w- the Olympians sacked two weeks ago?" This time Zeus spoke raising a bored eyebrow. "Yeah, it's a real shame they killed his brother…they were really close….I mean I know it was a bit much but I can't help but to wonder if that was the only reason." "What do you mean last thing I heard Castor had a bit of a flip mouth talking about them and he was trying to snoop around a bit too much," stated Dionysus. "Oh it's just a scandal that came out a few months ago he and Castor had been caught kissing and then they just came out…they were both brothers but in love so but they were really nice so no one bothered him about them about it then the Olympians killed Castor and everyone began their theories that they were against homosexuality and that just added to question why they were- are killing so many." "Oh I see can you make food now I am hungry," said Apollo looking at Percy with pleading blue eyes. "Okay I can make something really quick, Percy went away to the kitchen to cook thinking about how awesome his dad's coworkers were and how cool they seemed.