loss, he intently studied the breaks in the waves and was able to perceive that the rip was running south. The locket must have come from the north. Percy clenched his fist around the precious necklace, dove into the surf, and swam with all he had in him. August, 2003 As eight year old Annabeth stared out at sea, she sighed wistfully. How she wished she could be a mermaid. To dart and play beneath the waves without a care in the world. To have a pretty mermaid tail, and long golden blond hair that could be tamed and brushed through easily. If she were a mermaid, she would have a pet dolphin that she would ride every day. She would have a mum and a dad that loved her, and they would be one big happy family. She would be the princess of the sea; she would wear a tiara adorned with pretty gems, and have a whole wardrobe full of lovely party wear. Annabeth directed her gaze sadly down to the ratty jeans, worn sneakers and stained sweater she wore. In her hands was an old, tattered Yankees Baseball Cap. It was the only thing she owned that her mother had possessed. Annabeth's father Frederick had wanted to throw cap hat out— "Annabeth, it's old and disgusting, the colour's faded, we live in San Francisco , not New York, and besides, your mother left us! Why should you want to keep that old thing? I'll buy you a new hat in a colour that's not bland with age, with a San Franciscan team on it!" — but Annabeth had refused profusely. She could hardly remember her mother, so it was alright to pretend that maybe she had loved Annabeth, right? That maybe she hadn't left by choice, but by circumstances that couldn't be helped? No matter how badly Frederick spoke of Annabeth's mother, Annabeth refused to believe that her mother had left her. She was coming back one day. She had to. She wouldn't just abandon them; she couldn't leave Annabeth to fend for herself in a world that was against her. Annabeth was suddenly startled back to the present when an opaque object caused a disturbance to the silky surface of the water. Annabeth squinted against the sun and gasped in delight when she saw it was a dolphin. She could almost imagine that the dolphin was waving at her when it leaped high in a graceful arc. And— was that a smile? A spark of mischief in the marine mammal's eye? Annabeth's sullen face broke into a delighted grin, and she waved animatedly at the dolphin. Then it glided smoothly back into the water, leaving only a series of ripples that told of its existence. The grin slid off Annabeth's face, and she started shuffling dejectedly back to her house. And then a splash caught her attention. She whipped around and gasped in wonder, clapping her hands together and squealing when she saw the dolphin again. And it had brought friends. There were at least five other adult dolphins, and Annabeth's eyesight was too keen to miss the calf hidden discretely behind one of the females. The little eight year old lost control of her limbs; she let her heart guide her as she waded out into the water. She reached out a timid hand, not actually expecting a dolphin to come to her, but when the baby itself cautiously approached her, Annabeth paused and stared in awe at its delicate beauty; at its gleaming silver skin, its small intelligent eyes and the cute fins that were curled and still slightly pink from birth. Annabeth gently placed her hand on the calf's flank and felt herself melting. Its skin was hard and smooth and cold and leathery, but somehow warm and soft and like jelly at the same time. Even now, Annabeth found it hard to describe. As she examined her fourteen year old hands in wonder, the realisation of what she was doing struck Annabeth. What had happened to that little girl who was obsessed with mermaids and parties and sunshine and happiness? Where had she gone? No, Annabeth mentally corrected. Not where has she gone. Because I'm still right here. The real question is: What did that eight year old turn into? What made her change so drastically? "It was everything," Annabeth whispered into the night sky, toes curled over the sharp, cutting edge of a rocky cliff, the more dangerous part of her cove that she had never dared to explore. Far below, a dizzying drop away, the sea prowled, a predator on the hunt for prey. This was not the ocean she had frolicked in as a young girl, and confided her deepest secrets to. This was the callous Mr Hyde to the familiar Dr Jekyll. The freezing gale stole away her words, so even if Percy had been down there in that black, cold, relentless sea, listening to her, watching her, waiting for her to make her move, the wind kept him from hearing her. "Her mother left her," she continued, her voice rising in pitch. "Her father ignored her for years and remarried a witch that hated her and pushed her to the side, where she stayed until she was long forgotten!" Annabeth stood, now screaming. "Her best friend isn't even real!" The wind screamed right back. "Do you hear me now, Percy?" she howled. "Do you? Do you hear me dad? What about you, Susan? Matthew? Bobby? Do you hear what I'm saying? Listen closely because these are the last words you'll ever hear from me!" The wind seemed to die down then, and Annabeth smiled. But there was no humour in it. It was cold and full of grim purpose. Annabeth opened her mouth to utter her last sentence, and then a miracle that had only ever been a faraway dream occurred. Dun dun DUN! TO BE CONTINUED. I HOPE. AND I'M SURE YOU DO TOO. - MSPB