stepfather's fearful faces and felt a pang of sadness. They were afraid of him too. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, forcing his tears back. "This place isn't safe anymore." He said when he opened his eyes. "What do you mean?" Sally asked her son. "I mean that the monsters have found you. They obviously weren't here for me so they were sent by someone to kill you. I need to get you somewhere safe." "Where are we supposed to go then?" "I have an idea." Percy closed his eyes and prayed to his favorite goddess. A few seconds later a flash of flames lit up the dark apartment before it receded as Hestia, the goddess of the hearth, arrived in an eighteen year old form, as opposed to the ten years younger body she usually inhibited. She was stunningly beautiful with her mousy brown hair that reached the middle of her back and looked so soft , smooth, fair skin, gorgeous flaming eyes and just the general feeling of hope and warmth that she radiated. Percy shook himself out of his reverie when he realized that he'd been staring at her and stepped forward and bowed, followed by his mother and step-father. "Lady Hestia." He said. "Thank you for coming." Hestia smiled so warmly it filled the three mortals with calm and happiness. "You know you don't have to call me Lady, Perseus." Hestia told him. "And you know you don't have to call me Perseus, Lady Hestia." Percy put special emphasis on the 'Lady'. Hestia frowned but then gave a small chuckle. "Touché, Percy. Touché." Sally and Paul watched as Percy conversed so casually with an Olympian goddess. Sally also made a mental note to talk with Percy about him staring at her. "Lady Hestia," Sally said. "It is an honor." Hestia smiled at her again. "The honor is all mine, dear Sally. I have long wanted to meet with the woman who raised the extraordinary man that is Percy here." Hestia said with a light gesture to Percy who blushed at the praise along with his mother. Then she turned serious. "But I have a feeling that introducing me to your mother was not the sole reason you called me here." Percy shook his head. "No, it's not." Percy sighed. „I need a safe place for mom and Paul. There were three dracaenae that came here just a few minutes ago. If I hadn't been here . . ." He trailed off. Hestia frowned in concern before getting an idea. "I think I know just the place." She said with a warm smile. The four of them disappeared in a flash of flames and reappeared in a cozy neighborhood. There were a few identical houses in a row. The houses themselves were two floors, beige colored with a black roof and some white lines around the windows and such. "Where are we?" Percy asked. Hestia smiled. "Franklin, Massachusetts. The safest city in the United States." She said. Percy snorted. "Of course you'd go here, being the peaceful goddess you are." He said playfully. Hestia laughed and slapped Percy lightly in the arm. "Oh, hush, you." She said. Percy raised his arms in surrender and backed away laughing. Sally was very confused. When Percy arrived at the apartment he was a mess after what that bitch had done to him, then he was angry and, frankly, pretty scary when the snake women came. But then, when Hestia came, he was almost back to his old self, joking and playing around. With a goddess no less. She cleared her throat and both Percy and Hestia jumped slightly, like they had forgotten they weren't alone. "Right, yeah." Percy started, clearing his throat. "Let's go inside." Hestia said, gesturing to the house they stood in front of. They all walked inside and the interior was very . . . homey. „This is one of my 'safe houses'," Hestia stated, putting air quotes around the word safe houses. „You are welcome to stay here as long as you wish." "Thank you, uh, Lady Hestia." Paul said, speaking for the first time since the dracaenae appeared. Sally nodded in agreement. Percy came up to his mom and gave her a hug before saying goodbye, since staying with them would be too dangerous. Percy and Hestia then disappeared and reappeared in Hestia's temple. Hestia turned to Percy with concerned eyes. "Percy?" She said putting a hand on Percy's shoulder. "Are you okay?" She asked him. "Yeah, of course. Why?" He said a bit too quickly. Hestia contemplated on how to say what she was thinking but decided to just be a bit blunt. "I know what happened at camp. Are you really okay?" Percy's face immediately became pained and he silently shook his head as tears formed in his eyes. Hestia closed the distance between them and gave him a warm hug, which he returned by wrapping his arms around Hestia tightly. Neither of them knew how long they stood like that, wrapped up in each other's arms but neither could deny how good it felt. After a while Percy stepped back and wiped his tears off with the back of his hand. "Come on, you must be tired." Hestia said. Percy nodded numbly and Hestia grabbed his hand and led him to a guest room. "You should sleep." She said. Percy didn't complain because he was dead tired. As soon as his head hit the pillow he was out like a light. Hestia chuckled lightly as she put a blanket over him. "Good night, Percy." She said softly before she walked out the door. A/N: First chapter of the story finished! Review and tell me what you think! It actually took a lot of self-convincing to post this and I'm going to ask you not to needlessly bash me or the story. But, constructive criticism is much appreciated. Follow, favorite, whatever you want to do. ' Till next time. -Manimal