after Katie and some of her siblings managed to grow a thick circle of poison Ivy around Cabin eleven. The ancient centaur declared a 'ceasefire' and insisted that they apologize to one another. Katie would've loved to gape at his request like Connor, the youngest of the Stoll brothers, did. They weren't in elementary school anymore, were they? Katie wasn't about to hug the little demons and forget. But before she could protest, she noticed Travis staring at her. Well, it didn't feel like staring, per say. Katie felt more like she was being observed by the older boy. It was odd to see an expression that wasn't some prelude to whatever mischief they were up to during the week. His bright blue eyes were sharp, brows furrowed as his head tilted slightly to the left. His face could have been easily mistaken for indignation like his little brother's. But Katie caught something more, a familiar spark that… Curiosity? Katie unconsciously took a step back, bewildered at the realization. What on earth was so interesting about her? However, before her mind could rationalize a response, a sharp cough from Chiron caught her attention. He was staring at the three of them, eyebrow raised. Katie flushed, remembering why they were even there in the first place. "I apologize." She blurted out, ignoring the way the words burned her tongue like acid. "I shouldn't have retaliated the way I had. It was immature of me." ' Even though you started this.' Was left unsaid. Connor wasn't looking at her, still grumbling sullenly at Chiron. But it became clear that she still had Travis' undivided attention. Only this time, the curiosity was gone, replaced with a look of amusement that made her stomach churn. His lips twitched. "Oh my gods." He started to crack up, nearly falling over from laughter. "You sounded like you were reading a script." "Travis." Chiron warned warily. The older Stoll brother straightened up, sending the centaur a smile. "Apology accepted, Gardner." He replied airily, slinging an arm around Connor's shoulders. "We promise to behave like the mature adults we are, right bro?" Connor smiled in a way that made Katie want to sigh in exasperation. "Of course!" "Sure." Katie mumbled, rolling her eyes. The three of them turned to Chiron, who looked torn between laughing outright or simply banging his head against the wall. Katie shared the sentiment. It felt odd returning home as the summer drew to a close. Katie had grown used to the chaos that was her life at Camp Half-Blood. It was a far cry from how she spent the previous years of her life, but she grew to love it all the same. Katie learned to enjoy her spars with Rue everyday, even if it left her body feeling like jelly every time. She looked forward to hearing about Silena's latest speculations over which campers would make a good couple. Katie had even grown to find that watching Sam and Lee's verbal spats were hilarious. So when Katie dropped her duffel bag of belongings onto her bed, she felt oddly empty. Her dad had been more quiet than usual when he picked her up, constantly glancing at her from the corner of his eye. Katie chose not to acknowledge it and instead filled the silence with tales from camp. As the year progressed, the odd rift that had formed between Katie and her dad was no closer to being closed. It frustrated her that something had changed over the summer to make her own father look at her like she was something different, as if she were suddenly unrecognizable. She wanted to grab his attention, do something to say, "I'm here! Nothing's changed." But that would be lying, wouldn't it? She had changed. Who wouldn't in her spot? But that didn't mean she still wasn't the same plant-loving, little girl that loved to sit on the porch with her pop and watch the sun set. No, she still did that. Only now, she sat alone. After an awkward Christmas with the relatives, Katie decided to put on a smile and deal with it. Her father was a closed off man. He'd open up when he was ready. It wasn't until early spring, when he introduced Katie to his new girlfriend that she realized that she wasn't the only one who changed, after all. Summer came as a swift and welcome distraction to her stifling home life. Katie couldn't help but breathe easier the moment she passed through the camp's borders, walking towards the Big House with a small smile on her face. Never mind that she could hear the result of the Stoll's latest prank off in the distance. In the short time she'd stayed at camp the previous year, Camp Half-Blood became a second home to her. And it broke her heart that given the choice between a place there and her home back in Kansas, Katie would be torn between what to choose. Over the next few weeks, Katie fell into a welcome routine. Rue started up their training sessions with a vengeance, refusing to talk to Katie for an entire 24 hours after discovering that Katie hadn't even thought to continue her training over the year. Silena was quick to fill her in on the camp drama she'd missed. Even Sam had news for her, apparently a mission of 'grand importance'. It was curiosity that led to be her undoing, as Katie suddenly found herself with a job at the camp store, fending off the kleptomaniac tendencies of Travis and Connor Stoll. But despite the amount of times she nearly strangled the brothers, Katie couldn't deny that she was having more fun than she had all year. (Edit: Thank you guys for the kind reviews! Also for pointing out the typos. I went back I tried to fix as many as I could. Hopefully I got them all. :D Chapter 2 should be out soon. It'll be the final chapter.)