with Annabeth." Triton looked alarmed. "Zeus will try to throw them both back into Tartarus." Percy nodded, then looked at his father. "Will you speak up on their behalf? We would not have been able to close the doors of death without them." "I will try." Percy sighed. "Thank you." One minute fifteen seconds. Percy's mind moved slowly, sluggishly, latching onto a familiar thought. "Who will tell my mother when I'm dead?" "I will." Poseidon said. Percy looked at him, and saw that his eyes were full of tears. "Why?" Percy questioned. The word was quiet, practically non-existent, but Poseidon still understood. "Because it is my responsibility. I should have found a way to save you." Poseidon's voice was filled with guilt. "Not your fault." Percy mumbled. A hellhound shadow-travelled next to him. Percy clumsily swung Riptide and turned it to dust, but the effort nearly made him pass out. His knees buckled, and he lent against the elevator for support. One minute. "One minute." Percy muttered deliriously. Focus, Percy. He told himself. Annabeth. "Annabeth." Percy said. "The gods ... can't interfere in their children's lives. Doesn't say anything about interfering ... in the lives of other gods children. Please, help Annabeth, if you're allowed. Please." He fended off the attacks of one of the empousa, managing to decapitate it more by sheer luck than anything else. "I will do what I can. It isn't even a fraction of what I owe you" Poseidon promised. "Thank you. Wait ... what do you mean a fraction of what I owe you?" Percy asked. Thirty seconds. Poseidon just looked at Percy, and even in his near-dead state Percy could clearly see the pain and guilt in his eyes. But before Percy could say anything, he was attacked by three monsters at once. Unable to defend himself with Riptide, Percy gathered up the last of his strength and used the seawater to push them away from him. His head swam and his chest felt like broken glass when he breathed, but he resisted the urge to pass out. There was something he had to say ... Twenty seconds ... Percy looked up at his father. He thought of the gods, of the pain it must cause them to see their children die over and over again. He thought of the guilt on his fathers' face and the anger Poseidon would face once Sally knew that her son was dead and Poseidon didn't find a way to save him. "My fate ..." Percy put all the conviction he had left in him into his words. "Was not your fault." "Wasn't it?" Poseidon asked bitterly. "No." Percy took a deep breath before speaking. "You may be responsible for my birth, but everything from there on out was either the work of the fates or my choice. Mine. Not yours. If I truly wanted to get away from all the fighting and the death, then I would've stayed on Calypso's island when I had the chance. But I didn't. My choice." Percy stopped talking, pain overriding his need to tell his father not to blame himself. "If you'd known what was coming when you were given the choice to stay there -" "Then maybe I would've chosen differently? Perhaps. But even back then, I knew that it might not end with the great prophecy, and I chose to leave anyway." Poseidon nodded. "I suppose so." Five seconds ... "Five seconds." Percy said. "I know." Poseidon replied. Zero. Behind Percy, the Doors of Death pulsed with power, once, before vanishing. Percy stumbled and fell straight onto his back, his nerves screaming at the relief. Poseidon, Amphitrite and Triton moved around him, so he could still see them. "Annabeth." Percy mumbled. "Did she make it out?" Poseidon's eyes went blank for a moment as he checked. "Yes, she did." "Good." Percy said, and finally allowed his body to relax. "Can you sing?" "I can." Amphitrite said. "I'll sing for you." The king and his men, stole the queen from her bed, Vibrations shook the ground and Tartarus came near. He knelt next to Percy. And bound her in her bones. Tartarus raised one massive fist. The seas be ours, and by the powers, where we will, we'll roam. He started to bring it down on Percy, but Percy was still holding Riptide. He swung his faithful sword, cutting a long gash in Tartarus's arm. Percy smiled slightly as Tartarus bellowed in rage and ripped the sword from his hold, breaking a couple fingers in the process. Yo ho, all hands, hoist the colours high, Tartarus raised his fist again, preparing to end Percy's life. Heave ho, thieves and beggars, never shall we die. Tartarus brought down his fist. It went straight through Percy, just underneath his ribcage, and snapping his spine. Percy felt the impact, felt the blood and life start to leak out of him, but he kept his eyes on the beautiful carvings on the ceiling of his father's throne room. And as the light left Percy's eyes, all he was aware of was Amphitrite's song. Yo ho, haul together, hoist the colours high, Heave ho, thieves and beggars, never shall we die. Okay, so this was kind of depressing for the first chapter, but I needed Percy to die so that he could help his friends from beyond the grave, well, kinda anyway. Reviews welcome, ideas taken into consideration if you have something you would like Percy to do or a particular direction for the story. I will update as and when I have ideas, but I will try to update at least once a month. The song, by the way, is from Pirates of the Caribbean. I kind of nicked the singing idea from Rue's death in The Hunger Games. Oops. But I chose that song in particular because it mentioned the seas being his and also never dying, which kind of ties into Percy's situation quite well, I thought. Till next time, Shib.