as Annabeth continued to solve calculus problems and I idly flipped through channels. I finally settled on a college football game. Basketball is more my speed, but I'll watch football once in a while. I was zoned out, watching the game but not thinking about much, when Annabeth finally shut her math book. "Done," she announced. Reorganizing her notes, which were scattered across the coffee table, she put them into a folder, then returned everything to her backpack. "You don't really throw away your notes after a test, do you?" "Uh, yeah. Most normal people do." The look she gave me was incredulous. She shook her head and muttered, "Crazy," as she dropped onto the couch next to me. "Whatever you say." But I smiled. "What movie do you want to watch?" She shrugged. "I don't care. Your choice." I dragged myself off the couch to look at the shelves of DVDs, most of them Paul's. One of the new James Bond movies caught my eye, so I went with that. James Bond is cool. "Too bad you're not a magician anymore," I said. "You could probably have just used a hieroglyph to summon calculus answers from the Duat." "I'm pretty sure it doesn't work that way," she said with a tiny smile. "Besides, I'm okay with being just a demigod. According to Sadie, too much magic can burn you up. And I could feel those spells draining me. At least demigods don't really have that problem with their powers." "That's not always true. I nearly killed myself setting off Mt. St. Helens," I pointed out. Our eyes locked as the memory of our first kiss flashed between us. We didn't talk about it much, given the circumstances around it. But now Annabeth rolled her eyes, leaned forward, and kissed me lightly. "That was so not one of your better ideas, Seaweed Brain. But I see your point." "Uh, I had a point?" "Idiot." But she kissed me again, so I figured that was a win. We were quiet for a while, watching the movie. James Bond played poker and looked way smoother fighting bad guys than I ever have in my life. Maybe it's the suit. I hate wearing suits, though, so Bond can keep his look. Honestly, I wasn't really watching that closely. Most of my focus was on Annabeth curled up against me and the way her finger tracing my forearm was sending shivers down my spine, concentrated at the point where my Achilles spot used to be. I was just about to crack and make a move when Annabeth's phone beeped its text message alert. She sat up to grab her phone off the coffee table, read the message, then laughed. "What?" I asked. "It's from Sadie." She held up the phone and showed me the picture Sadie had sent. On a large desk covered in papyrus scrolls, Fruit by the Foot wrappers, and root beer cans, sat the snow globe of Governors Island. And inside, arms crossed over his ridiculous outfit, was Setne. It was my turn to laugh. "He makes a perfect paperweight." "I'd say he got what he deserved." Annabeth typed out a quick reply to Sadie, added a couple emojis at the end, then laid her phone back on the coffee table. She curled up next to me again. "Sadie's great, though, isn't she?" "Oh yeah. Carter, too. I'm glad we got to meet them, despite the circumstances." I glanced sideways at Annabeth. "You know, Sadie reminded me a lot of you when you were younger. Same intensity. Even, kinda, the way she looks." "Yeah, I thought that too, when I first met her." Annabeth sat up so she could look at me with a teasing smile. "Of course, I knew you two would get along. She's just as impulsive and loves to improvise." "I noticed. I was thinking earlier, if we had a daughter, she'd probably be a lot like Sadie." Holy gorgon's tusks. Did I actually just say that? I mean, yeah, I had been thinking it earlier, but I hadn't meant for it to pop out of my mouth. Annabeth's eyes widened in surprise. Then she shook her head. My stomach plummeted. I mean, we'd talked about the future before, but nothing very definite past college. Maybe she wasn't ready to discuss this? I didn't want to scare her off or freak her out by talking about something like kids too soon. I mean, we're only seventeen. I was just getting ready to apologize when Annabeth spoke first. "You always manage to surprise me, Seaweed Brain." She stopped shaking her head and smiled slowly. "But that's really sweet. And I think we'd have cute kids." "Definitely," I managed. My stomach was doing a happy, nervous dance. "Obviously." She kissed me, and I stopped thinking. When she pulled away, her eyes narrowed. "But just to be clear, we're talking about way in the future, right?" "Uh, yeah." My brain was moving a little slowly. "I mean, we need to survive high school first." "And get through college," Annabeth added. "After that, though," she kissed me again, "then, I think, we can talk about marriage and kids and all that." A grin broke across my face. "So I'm like a long-term investment for you now, right?" She returned the smile, her gray eyes sparkling. "Pretty much." "Works for me." I kissed her again, because have I mentioned that I like kissing her? Annabeth snuggled up next to me and I put my arms around her. Onscreen, James Bond was being suave and kicking butts. He made it look so easy. I kissed the top of Annabeth's head. The words Hera had said back in June, when she'd given me the choice to go to Camp Jupiter or run away to the sea, came back to me: "A future of pain and possibility." There had definitely been a lot of pain, but, I decided, the possibilities for the future were worth it.