glittered in the light of Will's fireflies. "What are you doing?" said Nico, echoing the same question he'd asked on their wedding night when Will pulled this trick with him. "Dancing with you," said Will with a chuckle. "Stop fucking with me, Will," said Nico, roughly shoving at Will's shoulder. He was surprised by the amount of resistance that met him. Needless to say, he wasn't impressed. "I'm not kidding," he said, after a moment of silence. "You know I can't dance with you." Will shook his head and laughed. Larger balls of light had popped up around the room. They danced. They swayed from side to side as though they were performing a waltz of their own. The light was soft and not too bright. Just enough to fill the room, but not enough to wash it out. The gentle motion of the swarm of fireflies and the larger orbs made the shadows dance with the light. Will was pulling the same shit again. Still, Nico couldn't help but admit that the scene was beautiful. Ever since their wedding night, Nico had secretly wished that Will would do it again. Nico wanted to be pulled again into Will's arms and danced through the night. Now, however, Nico knew that his hope was in vain. It simply was no longer possible. Will shook his head. "I'm not kidding, either," he said, conjuring orbs of golden light around the room just like he had in Nico's memory. Nico watched, enraptured, as the orbs shed sparkling motes that filled the air, making it seem as though the entire room was enchanted. "Where there's a Will, there's a way, after all," said Will. The grin that the son of Apollo flashed him at that moment made Nico want to punch his husband. Nico groaned at the pun. If anyone knew how to ruin a perfectly good moment, it was Will. Nico didn't get too much of a chance to protest the tasteless wordplay, however. The next thing he knew, Will's arms were under his knees and under his shoulders, and he was being picked up. He was being cradled in strong loving arms like an infant, and somehow, Nico didn't take too much offence to the idea. "Will," said Nico, his voice suddenly growing frantic when he realized how far below the floor was. "Will put me down. You might…" Nico breathed deeply. He turned his eyes to Will. "You might hurt yourself." Will laughed. The sound didn't make Nico any more confident in his husband's strength. "I've been working out, love," said Will. "I'm not the same scrawny Apollo kid from Camp Half-Blood that you fell in love with. I'm stronger now. Strong enough to take care of you." "I know you have choice words about that," said Will, "but it's true. I'm here for you now. I'm here to take care of you like you've taken care of me and looked out for me for all these years. You don't always have to be the strong one, Nico. Let someone else take over for a chance." Nico could not find the words to respond. What Will had just said wasn't eloquent by any stretch of the imagination, but still, the words were said with such conviction that Nico's heart started beating faster in his chest. "Don't worry, Nico," said Will, "I promise I won't ever let you fall." Nico's heart skipped a beat. Will took one step. Then another. Then another. Soon enough, both Will and Nico were swaying to the rhythm of the orbs of light and the sound of crashing waves from outside their window. The sound of the ocean reminded Nico of the feelings that he once had for Percy. Held there in Will's strong arms as he was swayed from side to side by the man whom he was privileged to call husband, whatever remained of those feelings evaporated. Nico looked at his husband. He lost himself in those blue eyes that sparkled in the golden light of the fireflies and the orbs in the room. Nico couldn't think of anyone else that he would rather spend the rest of his life with. Nico threw his arms around Will's neck, ignoring the fact that his muscles tightened from the sudden motion. He pulled himself up. His back began to ache. He pressed his lips in earnest against Will's as the son of Apollo continued to take slow steps around the room. Kissing Will like that was a mistake that Nico believed was worth making. His entire body seized. His arms locked into position. His fingers became claws as they cramped. His muscles, crippled as they were, stiffened all over his body and sent pain shooting throughout every part of him. Will blinked away the tears from his eyes at seeing Nico suffer like this. He pulled his lips from Nico, whose eyes were squeezed shut and brimming with tears that rolled down his cheeks. "Hush, hush," cooed Will, gently rocking his beloved from side to side. Gently, Will swayed to the rhythm of the lights and the sea, whispering sweet nothings into Nico's ear as the son of Hades clung on to his husband for dear life. For once, Nico was letting Will take the lead. He was letting Will dance him through the night until the pain faded away and he slipped into peaceful sleep in Will's strong arms. A/N: Anyway. There we go. I hope you liked this story as much as I liked writing this. The last scene, especially, made me cry. It was just so heartrendingly beautiful in my mind that I hope I did it justice. Leave a fave, but better yet, leave me a review! I would love to read your thoughts. They give me motivation to keep doing what I do. As always, my ask box is open, so just drop by at .com and give me a poke! I'll try to get to you as fast as I can.