tried to squirm free. Someone cleared their throat behind us, "Jackson, we're not supposed to harass the customers." It was the waiter from last time, with the red hair. "Get back to work," he says. Percy laughed, "There's no one else here; they just left." He sat down in front of me and asked, "What're you working on?" "School stuff." I said while closing my laptop. I moved my laptop to the side and leaned my arms on the table, giving Percy my full attention. "Why is Ross glaring more than usual?" Percy asked while glancing at the red haired boy. "Does he always glare at you?" I asked curiously as I took a sip of the coffee. "He's just jealous of my awesomeness." Percy answered with his lopsided grin. I pursed my lips. "It might also be cuz I might've thrown out his number… In front of his face…" "Huh?" "He wrote his number on my napkin and I used it as a basketball and the garbage can was the hoop…" Percy burst out laughing before asking, "So I've been meaning to ask, would you like to go out with me?" "Hmm… Let me think about it." I grin at him, "How about… Definitely." "Great, I'll pick you up." Ω 19 years old I woke up next to my boyfriend. His arm was wrapped tightly around my waist and or legs were a tangled mess. I glanced at the clock and noticed it was almost time for my class to begin. I groaned and quietly got out of Percy's bed. I stretched out my soar body before heading to the shower. After a short shower, I wrapped a towel around myself and went to get some of my clothes from the drawer. Right when I was about to let the towel drop, a pair of arms wrapped around my waist. In a sleepy voice, Percy murmured, "Where do you think you're going?" "To class, Seaweed Brain. I was supposed to go back to my dorm last night…" I told him while rolling my eyes and changing into some clothes. Percy smirks smugly from his spot on the bed, "But I'm more comfortable than your dorm bed, right?" "Shut up." I blushed before grabbing his face and placing a kiss on his lips. "I love you." Percy hums in content before grabbing at my ass and pulling me back for a more lingering kiss. "I love you too." Ω 21 years old Silena, Hazel, Piper and I all laugh as we take off our graduation gowns. "Frank's waiting for me, I have to go. We'll Skype tomorrow, bye!" Hazel waves before leaving Silena's room. "Jason's out of the country, he said he was going to try making it back but I guess he couldn't." Piper frowned at her sister and me. "Charlie said he has something planned for tomorrow." Silena smiled at me as if she knew something I didn't. Which she probably did. I pursed my lips, "Umm, Percy told me to meet him on the beach…" The sisters grin, "Well we're picking the outfit then." I end up wearing a casual blue dress and Piper volunteered to drive. I walked on the beach, searching for my boyfriend of 4 years and best friend of longer. "Annabeth," Percy calls out. I turn and see Percy surrounded but rose pedals and candles shaping into a heart around him. The sand had messages too. On top of the heart, it said Congrats, you graduated! The bottom said I love you . Percy was grinning as I walked over to him. I threw my arms around him and kissed him hard before hearing something loud. I broke away from him and noticed his smirk. He turned my head so it was facing the sky and I saw fireworks. Annabeth , it said, WILL YOU MARRY ME? My jaw dropped and I looked for Percy, he was on one knee with a ring in his hand. I nodded wordlessly before screaming, "Yes!" and jumping into his arms and kissing the life out of him. Ω 26 years old "Annabeth, everything's just falling apart, it's not working!" Percy shouts, trying not to wake our four year old daughter. I ran out of the house with tears in my eyes. I went straight for the beach, the only comfortable place I can go to. He's probably going to ask for a divorce in the morning… Oh how history repeats itself. I sat there for what seemed like forever before I heard a sigh, "I'm sorry Annabeth. It's just so stressful." He wrapped his arms around me from behind and rested his forehead on my shoulder. "I love you, I always have and I always will. You're not getting away from me that easily. As long as we're together, we can work this out." He mumbled against my back. "I love you too." I answered, "You are the best thing that's ever been mine." "What about Sandy?" My husband asked while trailing kisses from my shoulder to the soft spot behind my ear. "She's the best thing that's ours." "The first you mean." He chuckles into my ear. After a silent moment, I asked, "Are we going to be alright?" "Always," He answered, "Because you are also the best thing that's ever been mine and there's no way in hell I'm letting you go." I've been working on this for forever, dam. Anyways, it's based off of a Taylor Swift song, guess which one (It's obvious, really). I finally finished it but the end is really sucky cuz I lost all motivation to write and I just wanted to finish it. Anyways, if you have any suggestions or ideas that you want me to write, PM me. Also check out my story on Wattpad called Whatever You Say , Goddess_Mal is the account name. Review, spread the word, do whatever, flames will be laughed at. Ω Yours in demigodishness and all that, peace out Ω -Mal