her fingers. A hundred yards away, golden light erupted from a display case. "The necklace is there. However, you need to be aware that it won't be easy to steal. The moment you attempt to take the necklace, the guardians will attack." Piper's heart dropped. "The guardians?" Harmonia spread her arms. "This is the Room of Cursed Objects, a storeroom for all those objects cursed by the gods over the millennia. All such objects eventually find their way to this room, but are not easily removed." "Fantastic," Annabeth muttered. "Quite," Harmonia said, completely straight-faced. "If you manage to retrieve the necklace and escape the room alive, come find me outside Tiffany's. I will give you my blessing to bestow the necklace on a new owner and perhaps help you locate the women of Lemnos so that you may recover our mother's all-important hairbrush." " If we survive?" Piper asked. "Good luck," the goddess said. She turned and walked back through the door, into the mortal jewelry store. Annabeth checked the time on her cell phone. "Six forty-five. Piper, we'd better make this a quick robbery." The two of them set off, winding around the display cases. Now that Piper was aware that the room was packed with cursed objects, she could almost feel the malevolence radiating off of them. "Don't touch anything," she warned Annabeth. "Wasn't planning on it." Annabeth shuddered. "This stuff just feels evil. Also," she lowered her voice, "I think the statues' eyes are following us." Piper had been thinking the same thing. Trying to ignore the jumpy feeling in her chest, she changed the subject. "I figured out who the Lemnian women are." "That's good news. What did you remember?" "It's not a nice story," Piper said. "The women of Lemnos, this Greek island, forgot to make the proper sacrifices to Aphrodite. As a punishment, the goddess cursed them by making them smell horrible." "That's unusual." "And gross. Apparently the odor was so bad, their husbands didn't want to be with them anymore. The men went out and got new wives, then brought them back to Lemnos." "Seriously?" "Yeah. Which, understandably, made their original wives upset. But the way they got revenge…" Piper winced. "They murdered their husbands." "That's horrible!" Annabeth looked as disgusted as Piper felt. "But shouldn't they be dead?" "They should be," Piper agreed. "Maybe they came back through the Doors of Death before we closed them. They were nasty and crazy; Gaea probably had some plan for them." The moment she finished saying that, Piper flashed onto the moment when they had defeated the Earth Mother, when Leo had unleashed the explosion that destroyed Gaea, and suddenly her eyes blurred with tears. Grief was like that. Piper would just be going along, minding her own business, and then suddenly grief would come up and sucker-punch her in the stomach. Even after two months, the pain of losing Leo was like a knife wound to her heart. Piper found herself thinking of things she wanted to tell him, then realizing she couldn't. That was the hardest part. She knew Jason was still having a hard time, too. They had talked about it. But all they could do was keep hoping he would come back. The more time that passed, though, the harder it was to believe. "Piper?" Annabeth asked gently. Piper didn't realize she had stopped walking. She was standing with her fists clenched, trying to get a grip on herself. She blinked the tears out of her eyes. "I'm—I'm okay." She clearly wasn't, but Annabeth just nodded and patted her on the back. Piper took a deep breath and continued moving toward the glowing golden column. When they got closer, she could see the necklace inside, sitting on a purple velvet cushion. "Wow," Annabeth breathed as they walked up to the glass display case. "It's amazing." Piper had to agree. The necklace was made up of two solid gold snakes. The tips of their tails touched to make the clasp. Their scales were carved with such meticulous detail that they appeared to glisten like real reptiles. In the front of the necklace, both snakes had their mouths open, revealing razor sharp fangs. And held between them was a massive opal, as large and round as an eyeball. The opal shimmered with different colors. The patterns were mesmerizing. Piper felt that she could watch the colors shift all day. "It makes sense that it's an opal," Annabeth said. "They're often called cursed stones." Piper blinked, trying to shake herself out of the gem's trance. "I've heard that too. So, how do we steal it?" Annabeth shrugged. "Break the glass?" "A plan worthy of Athena," Piper said, the corner of her mouth turning up. "Oh, shut up, McLean. Now, do you want to do the honors, or should I?" "On it." Piper drew Katoptris, her dagger. She'd left her Boread sword at home; it was a little large to carry around Manhattan. Annabeth drew her drakon bone sword, which she had strapped to her jeans. Considering no one had given them funny looks on the subway, Piper assumed the Mist had been disguising their weapons. Piper raised Katoptris and slammed the hilt of the dagger into the glass, which shattered. She'd expected to hear alarms ringing, but there was only silence, which made her even more uneasy. She reached for the necklace, but Annabeth grabbed her wrist. "Wait. Maybe we shouldn't touch it." "Good point." Piper pulled the sleeves of her jacket down over her hands. Even through the cloth, she could feel the warmth of the gold. Whether it was because the necklace had been sitting under the lights or whether it radiated its own heat, she wasn't sure. "Okay, let's get out of—" Before she could finish her thought, Piper heard a horrible grinding noise. When she looked back the way they had come, Piper's stomach dropped into her shoes. Every statue in the room had just turned to look at them.