turned and walked away. I don't know how long I stood there, watching Luke walk away, but it must've been a long time, because an elderly woman came up to me and asked, 'Everything all right, dear?' I turned to look at her, smiled, and said, 'It's nothing. Thanks for asking. Uh, bye,' I said, and walked away. I could feel her eyes on me, filled with curiosity as to why I was so sad. I managed to keep a straight and emotionless face all the way to the car. There, I cried. I continued to cry until the tears absolutely refused to come out. I drove home and sat around, moping. It was Sunday, so university classes. I expected a couple of kids over soon, as I was tutoring some of the kids in my building for some extra money. Also, I liked teaching and learning. Anyway, since they were coming over, I had to look presentable. I'm not into fashion; I just think I should look a little nice, not like I'd just had a binge crying session. Though I did. I went to the washroom and spent a good amount of time washing my face. As I did, I thought about random things, like how Luke and the others never understood why I go to architecture school, because I'd once given in a lot of ideas to my mother, Athena, during the renovation of the multi-million-dollar company she worked in, Olympus. I, on the other hand, thought that there was much more to learn, and always tried to learn more. When I came out of the washroom, it was 11:30. I pushed the couch to a side and set up five foldable tables. At around 12:00, some kids started coming into the apartment. 'Hey, Ms. Chase,' they said as they sat down. I smiled at them, then immediately looked at the troublemaker of the group, Dave, and held out my hand, saying, 'Homework. Now.' After an hour of teaching multiple different subjects to five kids who simply refused to understand something as simple as algebra, I fell on my couch, exhausted. The room fell into a kind of peaceful quiet, when, suddenly, the sound of my phone screaming, "I'm a, I'm a, I'm a Starboy" interrupted. I ran to pick up my phone, excusing myself. I looked at the contact and then saw "Luke". I ignored the call and set it back down. I wasn't in the mood to talk to him. That night, I slept peacefully. I took up the whole bed, let myself drool, and acted like no one was watching (because no one was). I felt…happy. Don't get me wrong, I missed Luke. A lot. But I wished that he'd told me that he was going earlier. I could've gone with him, or at least tried. Now, I had no chance of going to L.A., because I didn't save any money, plan ahead, nothing. I was pretty mad at Luke, but I can never really hate him, not completely. After all, he is my boyfriend. ~One Month Later~ As I sat eating my bacon in the morning, I sighed, trying to get my mind off Luke. He was gone. He was gone for a whole year. I needed something to do, a job to earn extra money to pay the rent. But, I'm already struggling with architecture school and tuitions. I needed a roommate. Just then, Piper burst in to my house, fuming. 'Hey, Pipes, glad you learned to knock,' I said as she flopped onto the couch. 'Hey. So, you remember that case for a divorce, with some Gabe as our defendant? Oh, my god, that guy is nuts! As I questioned him, he finally agreed, then asked me why I cared if he hit his wife. He's hitting her, for God's sake! I wanted to punch him then and there, but Thalia and her Hunters of Artie-' 'Artemis,' I corrected her. '-group did the dirty work outside the court after we won the case.' 'What was your client's name, again?' 'Sally Jackson. Oh my god, she has a son, about a year older than me, and he is so hot!' I shook my head, saying, 'Seriously? How many guys are hot for you, exactly?' She rolled her eyes at me, defending herself, 'Hey, what's wrong with me thinking a guy's hot?' 'You tried to make a move on Leo!' 'And it worked, didn't it?' 'It could've ruined your friendship,' I said, and she shut up for a while, but my victory was short-lived, 'cause she just continued, 'Anyway, the hottie apparently needs a place to stay, so I said I'll check with you.' I thought it over, and I didn't see any problem with the idea. After a long think-over, I decided, 'Okay. Gimme his number,' I said, and she started rattling off numbers, which I dialed into my BlackBerry. I called the number, and a guy picked up. 'Hello?' a voice came. 'Uh, hi. You're a… friend of Piper McLean's, right?' Bad way to start a conversation. 'Uh, yeah, I know her. What are you calling about?' 'Oh, I'm the one Piper mentioned. You know, about the room.' 'Oh, right! Um, what's your name?' 'I'm Annabeth Chase,' I said, and I heard a fumbling sound like he'd almost dropped the phone. When he put it to his lips again, his voice was but a whisper. 'Annabeth?' 'Uh, yeah?' I said, confused. 'Do you remember me?' I frowned, wondering how he knew me. 'Uh, I'm not sure. What's your name?' 'My name's Percy Jackson.' There. I'll update only after a while, because my other story is in desperate need of updates. Anyway, leave a review! Constructive criticism is appreciated. If you like the story and want more, follow and favourite. I'm only rambling right now to increase the word count. Also, before I forget, beta-ed (does that word exist?) by the amazing Silverfyre16. Do check out her stories, she is just awesome.