front of me before giving me nod. The girl let out a scoff before going back to trying to seduce me. "Well, I guess since that is out of the question…how about we just talk?" she asked. I turned to face her and took in her appearance. She was very pretty but not in a natural way due to her layers of makeup that she had on. Her hair was a dirty blonde color and she had a set of light blue eyes to go along with it. I hated to be so brief with her but I just didn't feel the need for a woman in my life right now despite how lonely I was. There just wasn't a longing for anyone in my heart and I didn't want anyone to get too close to me due to the risks of dating a demigod. We live such dangerous lives and I don't want to drag someone else into it. "Sorry miss, but I have to go," I said as I got up from the bar and abruptly left the place without even touching my last beer. The poor girl was so stunned that she didn't even say anything to me as I walked out the door over to my car. The car I drove was basically a relic on wheels as it was a midnight black 1969 Dodge Charger that I had Jake from the Hephaestus cabin restore for me. I unlocked the door and cranked it before heading out on the road back to camp. I plugged my iPod in and put on some Waylon Jennings and whistled along as I made the long drive to camp. Many people at camp had often joked with me about my taste in music but I didn't mind. They have their music and I have mine. After the long drive, I finally arrived at camp and parked my car before checking in the trunk to make sure my stuff was there. I always kept my weapons locked in the back trunk just in case of a random monster attack (trust me on this one, they happen a lot). The weapons were all in place as I had my trusty hunting rifles as well as some shotguns, a Celestial Bronze broadsword, and some revolvers that I kept in the back along with the .44 Magnum that was stowed away under my seat up front. After checking everything and grabbing one of the rifles and slinging it over my shoulder, I walked through the borders and said hey to a few of my friends before going to my cabin and changing into some camouflage and then heading off into the forest. The forest at camp was always stocked with all sorts of monsters so I had started going on small hunting expeditions to keep myself busy. My dad had taken me hunting for deer a few times before and while it did help me with my aim and my hunting skills, there's a big difference when the thing you're hunting wants to literally eat your face off. I started carefully meandering through the woods listening carefully for any signs of potential prey until I heard the sound of leaves rustling. I brought up my rifle and aimed it in the direction of where I heard the sound. "Taking a little trip in the woods Alex?" a familiar voice suddenly asked from behind startling me. I whipped around only to see the air shimmer a bit before Annabeth appeared holding her Yankees cap of invisibility. "Jeez Annabeth, you scared the Hades out of me," I said as she smiled at me. "Sorry, I started following you after I saw you entering the woods to see what you were up to, didn't think I would find a wannabe Huntress of Artemis," she said with a smirk. "Thalia would be jealous of my skills," I joked and Annabeth laughed. We had become good friends ever since the night I was shot and I was also her go-to guy whenever she needed to vent about my brother Percy. I looked down at my gun still in my hands and looked back up at Annabeth, "You ever fired a gun Wise Girl?" I asked. Fun fact: Percy and Me are the only ones she's allowed to call her that and I figured it reflected how close of friends I was with her. "I have a few times but not at anything that's alive, if that's what you're thinking," she replied. "Well, how about you join Alex's Super Awesome Hunting Adventure of um…Awesome!" I said excitedly as I grabbed her arm and dragged her deeper into the forest before she could argue. We searched around looking for a target before I finally spotted a Scythian Dracenae standing in a meadow with it's back facing us. I motioned for Annabeth to duck down below a bush with me before I handed her my rifle. "Ok, its pretty simple, just line the target up in your crosshairs and when you're ready to shoot, hold your breath and gently squeeze the trigger," I instructed her in a hushed tone. Annabeth simply nodded and pressed the gun against her shoulder and took aim at the monster. After a brief silence where only the sound of the forest could be heard, a resounding BANGrang out as Annabeth took the shot. Within seconds, the monster was reduced to a pile of ashes as Annabeth landed a perfect headshot, killing it instantly. "Wow! That was amazing Annabeth!" I complimented her as she lowered the rifle to admire her shot. Her face twisted into a grin as she handed me back the gun. "Alright, Coral Boy, lets head back to camp before Seaweed Brain gets too worried," she said before we started the trek back to camp. Little did both of us know that the Earth Mother herself was stirring and we would be thrown into complete and utter chaos. Just another day for a demigod right?