back to the bank. This time, Percy ended up on top, slamming his knee down into it's abdomen, and getting his free arm on the creature's... well, only arm. He raised Riptide, it's point at the things throat. It did not even register the threat, as it reached up, and clamped it's jaws into Percy's left shoulder. Percy gave a hiss of pain, and felt his collarbone fracture, before he plunged the blade forward. In the struggle, Percy missed it's throat, but he did manage to slam through the harpy's sternum. It gave a wail as the blade passed through it's torso and nailed the monster into the gravel below it. Percy stood, and noticed that the thing had not turned to dust, as he was accustomed to seeing them do. Instead, it breathed haggard breaths, and looked at him with pure hatred. Percy was even more surprised to hear the thing speak. "You will find no rest here, demigod!" it said in a shrill, nail scratching voice. "The pit's of Tartarus will claim your soul, and you will become our plaything to torture for the rest of eternity, while we await revival. Then, when we overthrow the Gods, we will drag them, and all your loved ones down here to-" Percy interrupted the thing by grabbing the hilt of his sword, and tearing up through the creature's throat, and out the top of it's misshaped skull. Bits of gravel and blood arced off the tip of his sword, before he twirled it, and let it rest at his side. He wiped it's blood on his jeans, thank the Gods those hadn't miraculously changed on him, before looking back to his sword. He fiddled with the blade for a moment, before tapping it's tip, and watching in turn back into a now-reformed hair clip. " Quite the welcoming party... " Percy thought as he tentatively touched his shoulder, which ached in pain at him. He watched with interest as the ground underneath the harpy swelled up, and claimed it. The creature sank, and Percy got a nice look at thousands of maggots appearing out of nowhere, eating the flesh off the harpy. In a matter of seconds, they already reached the things bones, before the gravel formed back over it, and it disappeared from sight. Percy plopped back down in the gravel, not quite enjoying the sharp, rocky texture that met his butt. He began to realize he was shaking, and without really knowing why, he began to weep. He sat there for a minute, dried his eyes, licked his cracked lips, and focused himself. " Alright! " Percy though "Let's focus up. Problem number one. The air is killing me. How to fix that? " Percy sat in thought for a moment, before remembering Apollo's last words to him. What did he say he needed to do to survive the air? Drink from the river Phle-something? Percy sat for a moment, before he looked to the lava river next to him. Somehow, Percy knew that some kind of immortal was laughing at him. " Well... I don't have many alternatives, do I? " Percy thought. He made his way to the bank, and slowly dipped his hand in. Even though he took quite the dip in the river, he was still instinctively afraid to touch it. As Percy's fingertips touched it's surface, he felt the same cold as before. He shook his head, released a breath, and plunged his hand in. He brought up a handful of the river's lava, some of it's glowing magma flowing off his pinky in a stream back to the river. Slowly, he brought it to his lips, and sniffed. The stuff had no scent, other than sulfur and char. That only made him trust it even less. With a shaky breath, wondering if he was about to kill himself on accident, he downed the fire. Percy nearly threw up, as the stuff suddenly turned hot, and scorched down his throat, stinging everything on the way to his stomach, and finally settling as a low burn in the pit of his abdomen. Somehow, me managed to keep the stuff down, as he felt the toxic effect of the air leave him. Lucky for him, though, the river had no other healing properties, leaving him with a flurry of injuries to tend to. In fact, the stuff seemed to take pleasure in causing him as much rend as possible. Percy's eyes welled up, this time with tears of pain, as he coughed, and tried not to vomit anything back up. Percy sat back against a large obsidian rock, and surveyed his situation. He was in the hell of hells. He was surrounded by, literally, millions of things that wanted to kill him, and nearly died to only one of them. Not only that, but it was one of the most minor creatures he could think of. He had a fractured shoulder, dozens of cuts across his palms and arms, and some tears in the skin of his abdomen from the harpy attack. He had no food. He had no drink, other than this river. He was armed with only a sword, and powers over water that he only had a rudimentary understanding of how to control. He had a blessing of a God that he had no clue how to use. He had no allies. His friends were currently being entertained by Hades, for all he knew. He very air wanted to kill him. He was going up against monsters that some of the minor Gods would be wary to fight, Titans that could probably kill him as soon as they could blink, and one of the most powerful primordials in existence. " Welcome to Tartarus " Percy though. There's the prologue. Reviews, favorites, and follows are all much appreciated. Any questions that aren't too spoiler-y for the plot will be answered at the top of the next chapter. As always, have a good day!