Camp. Will didn't want to watch as Nico cried out in agony, so loud and miserable the beings around him cowered and covered their ears. The creatures squeezed their eyes shut, and the back of their eyelids was the last thing they saw before they dissolved into dust as Nico destroyed them. Will swayed where he stood, staring helplessly as everything was falling apart, when there was nothing he could do to stop it. He stumbled forwards, trying to reach out to Nico, trying to tell him to go, to at least save one life. This wasn't how it was supposed to go... This wasn't how it should end. Will tried to touch him, to speak to him, to make himself heard, but Nico stood in the middle of Camp with darkness swirling around and inside him, realization slowly setting in that he was the last one left of the four of them. The realization that they had all left him now. The realization that he was alone. This wasn't how it was supposed to go. This couldn't be how it ended. The ground rumbled, shifted, moved and tore open, but it wasn't Nico's doing. Will didn't know how he knew what it was, but he did. He remembered fear, then. He remembered it so vividly, he thought he could even feel it as he yelled at Nico to go, to run, to leave, to abandon Camp, to abandon it all and live . But Nico raised his weapon and braced himself, the remnants of his home behind him. Will couldn't bear to watch, but he couldn't look away, either. This was his fault. He had forced this fate onto them. Will knew this, the same way he knew what would happen next, and Nico looked so small and weak in comparison to what broke through the ground and loomed over him, over them, over the Camp. Nico looked around at him, though he couldn't see him, and Will watched his eyes fill with dead acceptance, before he rushed forward with his sword, even though all knew it was for naught. Will watched his Nico die. And the world died with him. This was all Will's fault. ... Will sat bolt upright in bed in an instant, a choked sob escaping his lips as his hands clapped over his mouth to prevent a scream. No . That couldn't be…but…why…how…?! Will felt his heart pounding in his chest, agonizing pain spreading throughout his body as if to catch up on all the things he hadn't been able to feel in his dead state. He flinched and clutched his chest, falling forward slightly as he tried to catch his breath, his bearings, himself. This couldn't be true. It couldn't be. Why ? They were meant to be okay ! They were meant to live ! He was supposed to die, but they were supposed to survive and get through this hell and have a life together in peace and harmony . They were supposed to go to New Rome together, find a nice house near a lake or sea, have some kids, live to old age, be happy ! They were supposed to live and live and live ! Why did they have to die ?! Why did they have to suffer so much ?! It was just him, why would they mourn him like that? He wasn't Nico, he wasn't Percy, he wasn't Jason. They should have been fine without him. They could have been fine without him. They had chosen not to be fine without him. Will whimpered and wrapped his arms around himself, trying to will the images away, trying to find a loophole, trying to find a solution to a problem he hadn't expected to exist. "Will?" A sleep-laced voice slurred, and he lifted his head slightly to look at Percy, who shuffled closer and propped his head up to reach out to Will with one tentative hand. "Hey, what's wrong, sun-bug?" Everything. Everything was wrong. It was all completely wrong. This wasn't how it was supposed to go. "Just a nightmare, love. Go back to sleep." He replied weakly, but his boyfriend didn't listen, same as they hadn't listened when he had tried to get them to move on and let him go. Instead, Percy shook his head and stroked along his bent leg gently, motioning with his other hand for Will to lay down with him. Will didn't feel like laying down. He felt like screaming and throwing something at the Fates for doing this to him, to them, to the world, to everyone and everything. "It's okay. I'm totally awake, anyways. Want to talk about it?" Percy offered, though he still slurred his words and his eyelids kept falling shut, showing he was far from 'totally awake'. "I really just want to forget it all, to be honest." He replied with a small huff, wishing life could be that simple. Percy hummed quietly, and for a moment, he thought his boyfriend had gone back to sleep. But then, he tugged on his leg and clicked his tongue. "Lay down. I'll massage you?" What a kind offer. Will didn't really want a massage, though. "Kiss me, instead." He suggested, and Percy forced an eye open to squint at Will with a frown. "That bad?" He asked, an odd tone to his voice, but Will only shrugged evasively. Then he reconsidered and nodded. "Make me forget?" He asked, hoping against hope, and Percy studied him a moment longer. Then he nodded and motioned for Will to lay down with him for the third time. This time, Will obeyed, rewarded by Percy's skilled tongue and even more skilled fingers, before he was swept off his feet entirely by his wonderful, perfect boyfriend. This couldn't be how it ended. This couldn't be what was in store for his guys. There was no way Will could let that happen. There was no way Will would let that happen. Fuck no.