I have to put on a show for the campers. Being a leader, the constant nightmares, and everything else is taking its toll. I know Annabeth has suspected something wrong is going on, but I don't want to worry her. She's probably going through the same thing. There is no need for me to add even more onto her plate, the less worry the better. However, I don't know how much longer I can keep this from her… and my mom… MY MOM! I thought about her and Paul yesterday, and I still haven't talked to her since I disappeared. I can't believe I haven't talked to her. She must be so worried. That's another thing I need to add to the list. I need to lead the camp. I need to talk to my mom. Gods, I feel too busy. Adding in the nightmares, it makes me want to explode. Maybe it'll go away by its… Never mind that's wishful thinking. I have to tell someone before I'm overwhelmed, but who? My mom? No, I don't want to worry her more after what I put her through. Annabeth? No, as I stated before, I don't want to add more onto her plate. I don't know what to do! This is frustrating. I walk to the beach and sit down. The beach always calms me down. The feel of sand shifting beneath me, the sound of waves crashing onto the shore, and the smell of salty sea air come together to make a beach. A place where I am safe. A place where I belong. I slowly breathe in and out. After a couple of minutes, I slowly get up and submerge under the blue waves. I continue to walk deeper into the dark waters. My navigation kicks in, and I know the exact coordinates. My eyes adjust, and I see my surroundings. There is marine life swimming around and of course this being New York, small bits of trash here and there. The world was calm again. Knowing I might make some people nervous, *cough* Annabeth *cough*, I walk back onto the beach perfectly dry. Now, Annabeth is not a clingy person. No, she's almost the exact opposite. It just wasn't too long ago that Hera took me away from my friends and family and erased my memory, and she told NO ONE. So of course Annabeth might get a little worried, but that's only because of what happened last time. In a few months, I bet she's going to stop worrying if I'm gone for a long period of time. I feel like no one understands what I am going through. However, I know for sure Nico knows what I'm going through. Maybe even to a higher scale considering he went through it alone. He has Will Solace to help him through. I'm glad he found someone to talk to. We both have someone to talk to, but I don't want to trouble Annabeth. I don't know what to do anymore. I go through the motions every day. My life feels so useless now. "Annabeth." I wave to her. She turns around from her conversation and gives me this look. Whoops, I probably shouldn't have interrupted her conversation. I give a sheepish smile back and back away. As I stated before, she is not clingy to me. Once Annabeth is done talking, she walks over. "Hey Percy." I smile, and we walk to the dinning pavilion together. We walk in silence. Each not wanting to tell the other what has been happening at night. I could tell by the bags under her eyes that she hasn't been getting a lot of sleep. This makes me even more confident in my decision to not tell her. "So Percy, how are you sleeping at night?" Surprised, I stop for a second. I knew it! She did know. "You know you can talk to me about it, right?" "I...uh...I...uh," I stumbled over what to say. First of all, I didn't want to tell her the reason why I didn't want to tell her. That would not end well for me. Second, she caught me off guard. Well, this is going to be interesting. She gave this look that told me to not try and worm out of this. I sigh, this was going to happen eventually. "I've been having nightmares about our time down there. It could be about anything related, and I just can't get it out of my head. What about Bob and Damasen? They're stuck down there. We promised to get them out and… and…" The tears started to drop. I tried so hard to stop them, but it was futile. Suddenly, I feel a warm body up against mine. Annabeth is hugging me and whispers, "Me too." We hold each other like that for a while. Neither of us wanting to let go. I, slowly, calm down. The worry and fear that has clouded my mind cleared. I'm going to get through this. I'm not alone. I smile. Together, Annabeth and I, will get through this. Finally, we let go and walk hand and hand to the dinning pavilion. I kiss her forehead as we separate. Grabbing and sacrificing some food, I walk back to the Poseidon table. I look over at Annabeth and see her eating with her siblings. Everything is calm. I'm here not there. I'm surrounded by friends and not monsters. I don't have to worry about dying in hell. All I have to worry about are normal demigod problems, but I'm not going to think about those right now. I need some peace and quiet. Closing my eyes for a second, I take a deep breath in. The world seems a little bit brighter. A smile forms on my face. I'm happy. I'll probably still have those dreams, but I have a feeling they won't be as strong. I'm not afraid anymore. Look out world, Percy Jackson is ready to take you on.