the beginning. "So, the people who are going to start on the summer course, just go inside the Administrative office and list your name down on the clipboard that is supposed to be sitting on the front desk. Wait by the fountain until your name is called." Selina smiled at us once more and dismissed everyone. Unfortunately, even though Reyna was going to the same college she isn't going to take the summer course by my side. She waved me a farewell and walked to the parking lot. Once I didn't see her anymore I walked up to the office and saw that no one has taken the energy to fill the list at all. I filled the columns one after another and finally finished. Just in case I added my phone number in "other information." I set the pen down and walked outside. I noticed that once I had taken foot outside, the other people in the Summer Course got up and walked past me into the office. I sighed and sat down on a bench right out the building. I took out my phone and played some music. I ended up falling asleep after a certain period of time. I was woken up by a girl shaking my arm slightly. I yawned and sat up straight to take a better look at her. She had long straight black hair and obsidian eyes, almost like Reyna. "My name is Hylla, I'm here to escort you to where your chosen dorm room is. I also need you to stay up and listen to me, so I hope you had a great nap." So, she defiantly almost exactly like Reyna. I got up from the bench and followed Hylla up to the Male's Dorm building. When I entered the building, I saw Selina again smiling, but at a card this time. I think it was a business card. "Selina! Hurry up and help the other freshman!" Hylla scolded Selina when she noticed her gushing at the card. "O-oh yeah! Hylla I'll talk to you later!" Selina stashed the card inside her pocket and ran to the main building. "Seriously, I think that girl depends on men too much. She should just rely on her instincts." Hylla murmured to herself, but I caught onto some of it. "So, Selina often acts like that? All love-struck?" I asked Hylla as we walked through the empty corridor. Hylla laughed under her breath. Her shoulders shook just like Reyna's did when she laughed. The similarities are too obvious. Hylla stopped to lean on a wall so she could talk to me. She smiled as she talked to me about Selina. "She's like that all the time. Never once have I ever had a full conversation about anything other than her tiny crushes. Honestly, she has someone she loves with all her heart but they don't hang out as much anymore." Hylla pulled out a small photograph to show me who she was talking about. I saw Hylla standing next to Selina and a tall African American guy. "That's Charlie, or Beckandorf as everyone likes to call him. Only Selina is allowed to call him Charlie or Charles." Hylla put the photo away, but before she put the wallet away I stopped her. I think I saw something to end the similarities between Hylla and Reyna. I pulled out a photograph with two girls on it. They we're about 10 and 4 years old. It was the same exact picture Reyna has inside her bedroom. I pointed at the smaller girl and looked at Hylla. "That's your sister? Reyna?" Hylla was dumbstruck. Her jaw went slack and she just stared at me. When she came back to her senses she took the photo back and put it inside the wallet again. "First of all, don't ever do that again, I thought you were going to try to mug me or something. Second. How do you know that's my sister? And how do you know her name?" Hylla glared at me. "I've known Reyna for about 4 years now and she has the same exact picture on her desk. Plus, you two are practically twins. Reyna's coming to this college too, you might see her." Hylla's face was delighted when she heard the news, but that was for about a split second. Hylla's stony expression came back and she sneered at me. "Whatever, just follow me to your dorm. It's this way." Hylla led the way again. I had to tell Reyna that I already met her sister, she'll freak. "It's this dorm, I don't know who your roommate is so don't ask me. He might already be in there, I don't know. Your classes will start in two weeks, which should be enough time to buy your supplies and move into your dorm room." Hylla explained the rest to me as she gave me they key to both the Dormitory and Dorm room. She handed me the school's map and a paper to remind me when the course starts. I nodded at Hylla as we parted ways. I opened the door in front of me. There was no one inside and I claimed the bed that had nothing on it. Obviously my roommate was here before me. He probably left while I was talking to Hylla. I lay on the bed and close my eyes. I sighed. "No bullies. No preppy cheerleaders. And finally no Will, I didn't have to worry about my feelings after all." I closed my eyes and let the atmosphere surround me. I heard the door click, he must be back. "Oh, you're here! I got some egg rolls from the cafe, but if you want some-" The voice suddenly stopped and I heard a thud. I opened my eyes to see the one person I was hoping not to see. "Will Solace?" "Nico di Angelo?" We stared at each other for some time until we both realized what was happening. "AHHHHHHHHHHH!"