surprising for an Athenian, since they usually hold on to their pride. Usually she can be seen practicing her fighting skills, or doing anything, really, anything that can make her improve. Otherwise she'd be locked up inside her room, listening to music or weaving. She's quite laid-back and tends to just blend in with the crowd instead of standing in the spotlight like what her mortal brother does. Cassandra can be a bit cold to strangers, but she's never judgmental. She accepts what you are and she'll never think about you negatively unless she has a good reason to. There's also another side of Cassandra that shows her humored personality, although this happens just rarely. When she's bored (really, really BORED), Cassandra might start doing weird things, like fiddling with rocks or drawing smiley faces on the ground. Or she might even think that her treasured pendant is a yoyo! History: General Anthony Coyle met Athena when he was a 28-year old soldier. The goddess of wisdom and battle strategy must've been attracted to Anthony's strategic thinking. She later fell in love with him and they both did the deed. Anthony expected to have a baby boy, and was greatly disappointed when he realized that his eldest was a girl. He actually planned to kill her off, but decided against it when he saw something in her eyes that reminded him of himself. His anger increased when Athena left to obviously do her duties up in Olympus, without informing him that she was actually a goddess. A year later, he married Valentina Blaskowitz, one of his co-workers and partners. They had a son whom Anthony named after him. When Valentina realized that Anthony had a bastard daughter with another woman, she left him. Anthony, although resenting his daughter, never mistreated her and instead trained her to fight at the early age of 5. Although she proved to be a skilled fighter, Anthony had always looked down on her and loved Anthony Jr. more. When Julius Caesar was born, General Coyle started to have little to no time for his only daughter. Cassandra grew up introverted and developed a liking to weaving, which was the only outlet in which she could express her feelings. She home schooled herself and was frequently seen in the local library reading books of all topics. Cass started realizing that her father is a womanizer when she was 8, and this caused her to resent her father. She ran away when she was nine and arrived at Camp Half-Blood a few months later. Fears: - Fire - Failing - Messing up - Darkness (she is very, very, VERY afraid of darkness.) Becoming blind Strengths: - Chess - A formidable opponent when it comes to sword-fighting. - Knows a lot about martial arts Demigod Abilities: Like most children of Athena, Cassandra is highly intelligent and strategic. She can think of a plan in less than a minute and execute it well accordingly. There's nothing special about her, though. She has no awesome superpowers like the other demigods and she's happily fine with it. Fatal Flaw: Responsibility. Cassandra feels that the weight of the world is on her shoulders and blames herself when casualties happen. She always feels responsible and would be troubled if she doesn't act or do something. Appearance: Cassandra stands tall at a height of 5'8, but never bothered to check her weight, although it is hinted that she is light-weighted. She has jet-black hair that's tied in a single braid, with a few strands hanging down the sides of her face, making Cassandra habitually blow it off. Her eyes are an intense shade of lightning-blue, which is probably her most outstanding feature if not for her ears. Cassandra's ears are pointy, like an elf's, although not very visible when seen from a few feet. Most people say that she is the female version of her father, and she does not look like Athena at all. She has an oval-shaped face and a strong jawline, with a button nose and upturned eyebrows. Cassandra is skinny, but this is made up by her fast and agile movements. She has a light-brown complexion. Cassandra is quite tomboyish, but that's just natural considering she grew up around boys. Most of the time, she wears the Camp t-shirt over a leather jacket, accompanied by battered jeans and her favorite combat boots. In the winter, she replaces her usual upper outfit with a turtleneck sweater. Sexual Orientation: Straight Weapon of Choice: Cassandra has a celestial bronze Xiphos disguised as her Silver Owl Pendant, which was given by Athena to Anthony who in turn left it in the care of his daughter. And in case her sword clangs to the ground far away from her, she could use her fists and legs very well. Special Skills: - She has a lot of self-woven tapestries inside her room. So I could say that she is skilled at weaving. - She can twist a needle around her fingers with little to no effort. - Cass has an eidetic memory. She can recall anything she has seen, heard, spoken, felt etc. before clearly. Okay, there they are! Don't pester me for chapters, please. I'm in seventh grade, and you know how that is. Lots of homework, and the hardest tests in the world. Not to mention all my after-school stuff...Ugh. Just so everyone knows, I've deleted the form, and I've taken down all the notes and stuff, to avoid FFN getting mad at me. And just in case you guys are upset that 2 OCs from the same user got in, I didn't even look at usernames when I chose them. I realized after, I swear on the River Styx. *cue thunder* They're both fantastic characters, though, as are all the rest of them. I hope you're satisfied with the OCs. And once again, thank you to all you beautiful people who sent in your characters! Yours in demigoddishness, Megan, AKA We're All Okay