these used to be funnier," Nico laughed as Peter carried on in his childish manner all about the fictional town of Quaohog. "Hey, season nine redeems the really bad episodes," Percy defended, he actually really enjoyed the series. "You what cartoon is funny? The Simpsons." Nico continued. "Everything not done by Matt Groening is pretty dumb," But he smiled because he knew how Percy would react. "Really? You wanna get into this again?" Percy asked, it wasn't the first time they'd had the argument. "I'm just sayin—" But he was cut off midsentence by a pillow tagging him against the cheek. "Oh you did not." He said, standing up with the pillow in his hands. "You know you're dead now don't you?" "Bring it on," Percy said and whipped his neck to the side, sending his hair out of his face. Thus a pillow fight ensued, and though it didn't last long Nico loved every second of it. Percy had changed into a pair of his Nico's gym shorts that revealed his pale, thinly haired legs and one of his bigger shirts, but Nico didn't have time to worry about the distractions as he ducked another swing and landed a blow of his own. His Dad knocked on the door once. "Keep it down," He said poking his head in the room, so they went back to watching TV, and when that got boring Nico popped in their favorite movie, The Dark Knight , then, lights off, they watched the movie in its entirety. It was great, as always, but Nico couldn't stop his heart from pounding in his chest as Percy leaned against him, it should have been illegal for someone to have such a hold over him, and he couldn't stop himself from situating his body such that it was easier for Percy to do so. Truly, Percy didn't know he was doing these things to Nico, he didn't know about the young man's infatuation, he didn't know that his mere touch sent licks of flames down his spine, or that Nico wished for more than anything to just hold Percy's hand. He was just incredibly oblivious, and that's how he fell asleep as well, incredibly oblivious. Nico pulled the covers back and tucked Percy in and then he got up and turned off all his electronics, flipped the switch for his fan and crawled into bed right beside his best friend. Percy was a hard sleeper. The hardest Nico knew, and yet anytime he tried to put an arm around the brunet boy's chest and curl up next to him Percy would wake up slightly, enough to move the arm, turn over in his sleep, and fall back into the dreaming world. It was frustrating. Nico hardly slept when Percy was over, he would sit there and contemplate all the things he could do to the sleeping young man. The thought made him sick and his stomach clenched with loathing, but also with anxiety because it was always so tempting to reach across. Just once. He waited and Percy's light snores turned into a full fledged log sawing competition. Nico's heart beat hard, his entire body throbbed along with it in its quickened pace and adrenaline pumped through his veins. He moved his hand slowly, not that Percy was more than ten inches away from him, but it seemed like entire knots and clicks before he arrived at the side of the sleeping figure. He was thankful that Percy had borrowed the shorts to sleep in. Then, a wave of guilt rushed over Nico. It was wrong to do this to his best friend, to violate his trust like this. But, it was wrong for him having to live with such heartbreak too, every single fucking day, and Nico was full of hormones and lust and urges and most of all love, a very thorny love—it had grown cold in his chest like ice from the years of unrequited pain—and that was soon the only thought he had as his hand ghosted over Percy's crotch. He groped. Nico's heart nearly leapt out of his chest from how quickly it was beating now, he could actually feel it in his fingertips and toes, but he couldn't stop. Slowly but surely he kneaded Percy to what he guessed was full mast, touching everything he could and vaguely thinking they were about the same size in length and girth, but Percy was cut differently than he was, as he suspected all cocks looked and felt different. His curiosity could have stemmed from the fact that Nico had never really had very many friends, let alone ones that were boys, so he missed the whole explorative age of childhood, and he was rounding the corner of the explorations of college men, for there seemed to be a lull in time when it was appropriate to explore such things: just out of toddlerhood and your college years. There weren't any real words to describe Nico's yielding elation, of course this was wrong, so wrong, but his loneliness outweighed his reason and his conscious. He could feel regret in his gut like a hot knife, but he was here now, he was doing this and there was no way he could stop, even if he wanted to. He only wished he could slip his hand underneath the elastic waistband of both the shorts and Percy's boxers, but he had no such luck as surely something like that—direct skin-to-skin contact—would awaken Percy. He got his fill of his ministrations and pulled his hand back, finding that his arm's journey back to him was a lot quicker than its voyage out to Percy, who turned over in his sleep, and Nico sighed heavily. This was as close to ever being intimate with Percy as he was going to get. He scooted closer carefully across the bed and put an arm around Percy's waist tentatively. Then he fell asleep, feeling even hollower than before. Touch .