my cue, huh? Man, I hate these distraction missions." He almost yawned after back-stepping away from Artemis. The Goddess had heard what he'd mumbled under his breath. "Yep, sorry little Goddess but we are in fact just a distraction force." Kronos announced, stepping up casually with a few tears and scuffs on his suit but otherwise fine. "Your Hunters are all unconscious yet totally unharmed, you're welcome. Perseus, let's go." Kronos seemed to be issuing an order, not that Artemis could particularly tell who was in charge between the two of them. They seemed to operate on the same level as one another. The Titan Lord gently let his staff hit the ground, forcing a large circular formation of ripples start to form from the very air itself. It swirled clockwise with purple and black vapors but beyond that Artemis could not see through it. Within an instant Kronos had disappeared, not THROUGH the circle that he'd summoned but it seemed that after bringing it into existence, it seemed to have actively snatched the Titan Lord. Artemis' eyes darted back to her initial prey. "Sorry Goddess, I guess this is the day that you almost caught Perseus J-" He was cut off by a gunshot that cleared the skies with its unexpected bang. His eyes stopped in complete surprise when he saw that Artemis was holding a black and silver pistol in her hands, the end of which was smoking from the velocity of the bullet. Following the trail of smoke, Perseus saw that the bullet itself had been firmly planted in the meat of his right thigh, a bit too close to his genitals for ANY comfort. He couldn't believe it. Mostly he couldn't believe that she was using a gun, but he also couldn't believe that she'd shot him. "You shot me..." He stated in confusion, gingerly touching the wound that was already covered in a thin layer of congealed red blood, "You ACTUALLY shot me..." He muttered. "Ow, that really fucking hurt, who uses a gun in our world?" He asked her in a tone of serenity that completely betrayed his words expressing a pain that she didn't believe he really had. He was way too calm to be feeling anything from her attack. She'd long suspected that he was something other than simply a Demi-god, past any boastings that she may have heard about, so she wanted to test that for herself if she ever came face to face with the Saviour that was now their most wanted enemy. Artemis had even gone out of her way to owe Hephaestus favor in return for a gun that was capable of shelling out a bullet strong enough to pierce the skin of Gods. "I am so perplexed by this... And a little bit pissed off actually... Ow." Perseus muttered, looking at Artemis with eyes of complete betrayal before his body had disappeared in the same way Kronos' had, and the rift in the air had closed, leaving Artemis alone with thirty plus unconscious Hunters and a horrible gut feeling that when she returned to Olympus she was going to be in for a hell of a time. With a heavy sigh, she returned to the edge of the hotel to see whether or not Kronos had been lying. Looking down she could see all of her Hunters all perfectly aligned with one another, their bodies while unconscious were still alive just as he'd told her. Their 'alignment' though, was crafted to spell out the word 'bitch' that was all too clear from the top of the hotel. "That Titan will forever be an asshole. It's no surprise that he's helping the enemy, but Perseus?" Artemis mused to herself, she could feel that something wasn't right with any of it. The son of Poseidon had fought so hard to protect Olympus against Kronos so why would he so suddenly turn around and be working with the same Titan Lord that he had convincingly beaten? "Why are they both so set on operating non-lethally? That's not how villains operate, especially Kronos." Artemis whispered, pondering what was going on. "I've told you this once before, but there's more to this than even I can see. Try to approach the coming years with an open mind as not all will be immediately clear." Artemis heard the unmistakable voice of her twin brother as the golden archer came and sat down on the edge of the building next to her. He'd seemed so sombre and serious in his opening statement but after no more than a few seconds he'd managed to crack into a childish grin, "Did they do that? Ha, legends." Apollo laughed at the crude alignment that Kronos had left the sleeping Hunters in. Artemis said nothing but continued to ponder Apollo's vague statement. He knew something that he wasn't letting on, however even he had his orders from Zeus to strike down the Demi-god that had betrayed Olympus. Artemis wondered where they'd been going to and coming from, what the Hades was 'Sanctuary'? Her gaze fell upon the dim rays of the moon's light. If they were anywhere around the world then she'd be able to find them but this far into their continuous battles she'd had no luck. She really was beginning to convince herself that they weren't a part of their world anymore. She knew that she'd end up encountering them again and next time she was going to capture Perseus and force him to explain to her exactly what was going on. The main thing that was on her mind, and the one word that she'd wanted to say to him the entire time had merely been; why? Author's Note: Yo, what's happenin'? A new project of mine on this side account of mine, let's see how many of you like it, don't forget to review, favourite and follow, or whatever it is that you guys do. A review would be greatly appreciated though, peace out!