was like an advanced typewriter, Nico figured, but he resigned himself to researching the inventions of the past century.) "We do happen to have one." She glanced at him. "You're in luck. I'll grab it for you, it's in the back on the top shelf." Figures. Nico watched her as she grabbed a ladder and took a thick black book off the shelf, the words on it's spine rubbed off with age, and Nico thought with both amusement and bemusement, this book is probably younger than me. She handed it to him and went back to the desk, picking up the newest newspaper (August 25, 2007) and went back to ignoring him. Nico was fine with that. He took the book with him back to his room, after using the small checkout station that was next to the librarian's desk (it took him a few tries), and sat down on his bedroom floor with the first history book in front of him, and began to read. Three hours got him three chapters in, and half of the things he read about the war made it seem so far away. He knew Mussolini. He met the man, at one of the galas or balls his mother sang at or was invited to, and he couldn't connect the smiling man who shook his hand and made his mother blush to the man who murdered thousands and was subsequently shot to death, then stoned, spat upon, hung up, and defaced. It made it seem unreal, farfetched, that the soldiers he saw everyday outside his window in Venice were simply things he dreamt up. It made the war seem unreal, to hear about that happening eighty years later and not being able to do anything. Nico didn't even know what he could do. There wasn't anything he should do. (It began to sink into Nico that he was alone.) . . He moved through his classes like a zombie, rarely seeing Bianca except at meals when she was too caught up in her newfound friends to pay her younger brother any attention. Nico spent most of his time around Anthony, during classes and meal times. Anthony chattered on most of the time, mostly about mythomagic, which Nico had taken to like a moth to a flame. Anthony had given Nico his old set of cards and figurines and they often had impromptu sessions of playing the game that a couple of their classmates, like Jared and Charlie, had sat in on. Time seemed to move slowly at the school, compared to the eighty years Nico had spent inside the hotel. Everyday dragged on and on, with more time spent sleeping through class after staying up late at night struggling to translate the heady books. A week went by at school, although it took centuries for Nico, when Bianca came into Nico's room one night after dinner. "You need to apply yourself to school." She said, glancing at the mythomagic cards on the floor, and the history books under his bed. Nico was curled up on top of the covers with Relevant Inventions of the Past Century in his lap. "The principal came up to me asking if I could talk to you about your schoolwork and participation." Nico blinked. Why did the principal just ask me directly? "It's doesn't matter." Nico dismissed. "I'm doing fine, I'd say, except for history and science." Bianca sighed. "Why are you doing so badly in science?" She questioned. "You were so good at our last school." Nico froze. "Our last school?" Bianca nodded. "The one in New York. After our parents died in the car crash, remember? We were sent to that school, and we spent time exploring New York. Don't you remember the National Gallery?" Nico did. He could recall memories of running through the halls and getting lost in the subway, exploring the tourist parts of New York City, but he couldn't remember the boarding school. Did the Lethe take this away? He stopped. "You just said our parents died in a car crash." "They did." Bianca let out an exasperated sigh. "Are you going to talk about being in the future again? Nico, you can't just-" "Bianca, earlier you said we didn't have a dad. We've never known our dad. How could he have died in a car crash?" Bianca's mouth opened, and shut. She stared at him for a few seconds, before she responded, "I… don't know." She shook her head. "I can't remember correctly. Anyways, don't you remember our boarding school?" "No." He answered blandly. "You don't?" "No, just as you don't remember our parents, I don't remember the school." Nico stared at her hard. "Bianca, something is wrong." Bianca leaned against the door. She hadn't stepped foot into the room once, and Nico could feel the suffocating distance between them that he didn't know if he could breach. "Something is wrong." She repeated, glancing up at the ceiling. Her mouth was pulled tightly and her shoulders tensed as she seemed to realize something. "Nico, something is wrong. This doesn't feel right." "I know." "What's wrong?" Bianca asked the air between them. Nico hesitated. She won't believe you, his gut told him, and Nico bit his tongue as he told her, "I don't know." (It was lonely without Bianca.) . . .. start of a new multi chapter, based on a headcanon of mine. pairings unknown, how far this will go unknown. i kind of squidged on the dates, because RR is wrong on all the dates, so i've switched all the dates on this to fit 70 years, as in nico was born in 1930, he was stuck in the hotel in 1940, he was there for 70 years so 2010 he emerges, duhduhduh. nico was therefore born in 2000 and bianca 1998, as they are two years apart, annabeth and percy are a year older than bianca and are 13, so born in 1997, you get me. I don't own pjo.