car, let's leave it at that, shall we?" He grunted as he slowly managed to force himself upright with a little aid from his aunt. "Would you like me to..." but before she could ask her question, Hestia and Percy were cut off by the one person Percy could have done without seeing him in this state. "PERSEUS ODDYSEUS JACKSON, WHERE IN YOUR FARTHER'S REALM HAVE YOU BEEN!" Screeched an all too familiar voice to Percy's left. "Oh please, God's cut me some fricking slack..." Percy whispered in his mind as he quickly turned to Hestia only to see the auburn haired Goddess shake her head before speaking with a small smile gracing her lips. "I'm afraid this is one trial you will have to face alone, my champion." She intoned faux-serious tone before disappearing in a glorious eruption of golden and red flames that caused Percy to yelp out in surprise as he literally jumped out of his bed and face first into the floor whilst praying silently that his father's queen had fled. But to no such avail. Percy looked up to be met with an all too familiar sight. The woman looking down upon Percy was truly gorgeous in every sense of the gods damned word. She wore an obsidian black dress that fitted her slender and perfect figure exactly, neither too revealing or too modest. Long raven black hair cascaded down to the woman's perfect waistline, flowing like a river, naturally perfect the entire way down, just like the rest of her. The woman's lips were a deep, natural red that no lipstick or cosmetic procedure could ever hope to attain. Her cheekbones were situated perfectly on her face, providing both a full look and perfectly smooth and shaped cheeks that were naturally tinted red against the woman's olive coloured skin. Her eyes were a deep brown like Hestia's, but unlike Hestia's, this set of eyes contained nothing but utter rage. Percy finally managed to snap himself out of his utter shock when the soft tapping of the woman's high-heels finally reached his ears. Percy sighed as he managed to find the courage to let a small sheepish smile cross his lips as he addressed his father's queen, Persephone. "Oh hey there…. " "Mum." A/N: That's right ladies and gents. It's back. Looking back on this story, there was a lot I was unhappy with as I continued to write it, back under my first pen name; but I never did find the time or energy to do anything about it. The only thing I ever did feel was acceptable in regards to this story was the Prologue; it was short and snappy, but it didn't detract from the gravity of the events playing out (in my personal opinion). However, looking back on it again with much older and wiser eyes, there's a lot that I'm not happy with. I suppose that as a young and inexperienced writer when I was posting the original version, I was so consumed by the problems that I felt plagued the later chapters that I never accepted the problems that were present here. Re-reading the whole thing, I don't think I ever truly captured the emotional turmoil of Adriana. After all, a schism between a loving mother and first born son is not something I think anyone can ever truly put into words; and I raced through it far too quickly for my liking. But I suppose that is the ignorance of being young when you start in this hobby, I suppose. I was barely fifteen years old when I began writing this story. I was a novice of the art of writing and story-telling, and I think that it showed quite clearly in my work. I wasn't mature enough to truly capture such a complex and emotional scene with my mind, and I feel as if that was perhaps this chapter's greatest failing. And as such I dedicated several hours to thinking about how to write Adriana's hand-over of Perseus. This scene went through several iterations, and each one felt unsatisfying as I took the path of pure grief or pure anger…. And so I asked my mother what she would feel, if she was in Adriana's shoes. The response she gave me helped to shape that scene. I've attempted to capture all of the conflicting emotions of a new mother who is trying to make the best decision for her son: whether I have done so adequately or poorly remains to be seen, but I hope that you guys feel I did a good job with it. F Following that, I decided that the first chapter and the second chapter actually blended together quite nicely, so I decided to fashion them into one longer chapter (as is typical of my works now). As you probably noticed, little else has changed with regards to 'The Last Spartan', apart from Spelling and Grammar mostly. I wanted to keep the magic that so many people felt when they PM'd me to talk about the start of this tale; all I did was top it up with a little extra polish where I felt it was needed. Any ways, that's enough out of me for now. I have other stories to get back to; but I hope that those of you who followed me on my first true foray into this absolutely wonderful community will join me once again as I remould my favourite story into something I can one day be proud of again. So fave or follow (or maybe even both) so that you can keep up with my re-write, and drop a review by to tell me what you thought about my changes (or just how you feel about the re-boot). Peace, MetalGearMantis. P.S: PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ MY OTHER WORKS, WHICH CAN BE FOUND ON MY PROFILE. I AM ALWAYS LOOKING TO ADD TO MY FANBASE FOR EACH STORY, SO ANY ADDITIONAL SUPPORT WOULD BE APPRECIATED!