have thousands of years of experience. I've given birth to many children and fell in love with many people. None of them are alive." "Then am I not important to you?" Sally sighed. "Even if I die, the world will keep on spinning won't it? In the grand scheme of things, I am but an insignificant mortal whose life span is that of a mayfly compared to yours." "That's not true. There are other ways to stay alive other than breathing." "Like what?" "Memories." Poseidon took her hands into his own. "You are never truly dead until no one remembers you anymore. Take a look at your parents. They are dead, but you still remember them. In those memories, they live. And as long as I exist, you will too." "…Do you really mean that?" He cupped her cheek tenderly. "Yes." They sat there, staring at one another and then, Sally moved in for a kiss. Her lips were soft and pink, slightly parted. Poseidon, furiously blushing, also moved in to kiss her. He wrapped his strong arms around her waist in a tender embrace and his lips met hers. Time seemed to slow down and the world felt like it revolved around them. This was the most peace that Poseidon had in a century and he wished that this moment, this tiny, beautiful, moment, would last forever. In reality, the kiss only lasted a fraction of second as it was interrupted by the boom of thunder – the call for the gods to convene at Olympus. Poseidon instantly broke the kiss and looked at her with weary eyes. "I'm sorry, my dear, but I have to go. "Wait!" She reached her hand out but it was too late to grasp his arm and was met with empty space. Sally was left alone once again and sighed. It wasn't his fault that he had to go, she knew that but now a gaping hole in heart was left. Dejectedly, she rummaged through the basket for another cookie but felt something else. She brought out a black velvet box rimmed with gold and opened it. She found a luminescent pearl surrounded by little diamonds set on a gold ring. "HF" was inscribed in the interior and in flowing calligraphy: "I love you." A gentle wind blew through the beach. And barely, just barely, could Sally hear Poseidon's voice whisper through her ear. I engraved my words on something that is here to stay. It is to make up for all those broken promises I made during my day. My dear, where the world ends, that is where we will meet again. Sally slowly rocked back and forth on her chair, letting the setting sun warm her skin. Oh what a wonderful day it was! Her grandchildren came to visit and they fed the fishes in the pond and helped her in the garden. What a shame that Percy couldn't visit her anymore as much as he used to. She couldn't blame him of course, a hero stops for no one, not even for his mother. She supposed that applied to the world, did it not? No matter what happens, someone dies, a war starts, or a child cries, the world keeps spinning madly on. Her grandchildren already left, left a while ago actually and left their aging grandmother rocking in her rocking chair. She wondered how Poseidon was doing. How long has it been since they last saw each other? Twenty, thirty years? It only felt like hours passed when they first met. Did he even remember her? Of course he did. Their son is one of the most famous heroes of the modern era. How could he not? The memory of that fateful day on the beach was distant and fuzzy, but had a warm feeling to it. He promised her one last sweet embrace and he has yet to keep that. They'll meet again, somehow. She remembered Poseidon's last words to her: where the world ends, that is where we will meet again. What did he mean by that? Where exactly was the end of the world? The Underworld? God damn these gods and their cryptic messages. Maybe he forgot about her, it has been over fifty years. All of her memories were fuzzy - one of the disadvantage, or advantages depending on one's opinion, of growing older. She barely remembered the voices of her parents, of how her mother used to tell her stories or her father's hearty laugh. They were distant bells to her ears and perhaps, it was about time that she joined them. She lived a good life, a happy life. There was no moment she would want to erase. Not even time could not wash away those yellow memories. Sally wistfully turned the pearl ring on her gnarled finger, and then looked at the clock slowly ticking away like a heartbeat. They ran out of time, and she didn't even get the chance to say goodbye. A grey plain of water was all that the pale, white circle could illuminate. A comforting silence was all that was heard. And standing there in the grainy sand was a man of about thirty, with black hair and eyes as green as seaweed. In his hands, he held a bronze urn filled with ashes. The funeral he went to was a small, silent affair. Just like how she wanted. She died peacefully in her sleep, a surprising end for the mortal parent. The Fates treated her well as they snipped her life thread in half. He twisted the lid and stared listlessly out into the distance, eyes red and lips quivering. "I'll miss you mom. We'll all miss you. Say hello to dad for me, okay?" He threw the contents out to the sea, watching them fly and dance into the air. The ashes slowly drifted into the water, where they'll safely wander for forever, forever, and a day. Goodbye and thank you, for everything. - Equinoxes