into his molten silver eyes. "I will be fine," He reassured, but he didn't even sound sure himself "besides, beats working as a janitor." he said with a small chuckle before he pushed us through the Doors and pressed the button, officially sealing his own fate. "No, Bob, no..." I said as Annabeth held me from behind as we sank to the floor, letting the reality of what just happened to us sink in. All the horrors seemed to come back at once, the last look at Bob and Damasen being the straw that broke the camel's back. We waited in the elevator, until it stopped and opened revealing the sight of the rest of the seven, standing in mounds of shimering dust, all with dumbstruck looks on their faces that we made it. FLASHBACK END Here we are now, in battle formation. Both camps standing together behind the leaders and senior campers on the battle field, less than 100 yards from the army of Gaia. We stood behind the 12 Olympians including Hades, and in a sudden agreement among the gods, Zeus yelled for the armies of olympus to charge as the monster army did likewise. The battle for the world had started. Both armies met in the middle of the battle field. All that could be seen was the blasts of energy and lightning from the gods and giantes as demigods slew monsters and, sadley, vice versa. I was slahing and stabbing monsters left and right, with my shield strapped to my back so it covered my mortal point, but still was inconspicuous enough to not give away the location of my vulnerable point. As I was fighting, as if by fate, the seven made our way to each other on the battle field to see that Jason had a long cut that ran from his eyebrow down to the corner of his mouth, making him look erily similar to Luke the first time I met him. I also saw that Hazel was bleeding rather heavily from a cut on her shoulder, but the blood was being soaked up by a piece of T-shirt courtasy of Frank. I began to realize what would happen if they didn't stop the bleeding, but it was too late as I saw a drop run from Jason's chin to the ground and a dropn fall from Hazel's arm. The spots that the blood hit began to simmer and bubble and hiss like Kampe's scimitars did when their acid touched any surface other than the blade. The blood was then soaked into the ground, and a cruel feminine laugh reverberated through the groung as the figure of a woman came out of the ground in the middle of the battle field, causing the armies o part and stop fighting. The woman turned to face the Olypians and the army and opened her eyes. Gaia was awake. "Shit." I muttered as she did this. I drew everyone out of their shock as I took charge of the army, realising this was the moment that would decide the fate of the world as my inner leader took over. "Greeks! Romans! Assume formation! CHARGE!" I yelled, as we all ran at a smirking Gaia. But just before the armies could clash again, everything seemed to slow down. I looked to my left to see Annabeth, Leo, Reyna, and Nico, only for them to dissapear in flashes of golden light to my utter horror and confusion. I looked to my right to see the same happen to the rest of the seven, Thalia, Clarisse, and Chris. I looked foward as I saw myself begin to glow gold to see Gaia uneffected by the slowing of time, grinning like a mad woman. She was holding a scyth. It looked like Kronos's scyth, but it couldn't be as I saw it melt in Hestia's hearth. "I bet you are wondering what this is, aren't you?" she said with a taunting malice and glee. "This is the scyth of my brother Chronos. I had to have one of my children steal it as the same rule applys to primordial gods as do the Olympians; we can't steal each others' symbols of power. Do you know what I can do with this? Remove you from the equation. Remove the thorn in the sides of almost all of my children and one of my brothers and myself, so he can;t be the hero anymore. I may be restricted from using the powers of time to kill you or the other little bastard heroes you assosiate yourself with because of my fathers rules, but that doesn't mean I can't put you somewhere else." She said before the golden light enveloped me completely and everything went dark. FLASHBACK END 3rd Person POV After the heroes of Olympus went missing, the battle at the base of the origional Mt Olympus was lost, and Gaia assumed control over them world, killing millions upon millions of mortals, releasing monsters onto the surface of the earth in amounts never seen before. The olympians that weren't captured after the battle such as Athena, Hestia, Demeter, Poseidon, Hades, Hephaestus, Artemis and Apollo were never seen again, as their presence on the surface world would be detected, and after loosing their domains such as the Underworld and Oceans, they had not enough power to take back their lives. The gods that were captured were either sentenced to Tartarus or put in prisons on earth. Zues was, ironically, chosen to replace Atlas under the burdan of the sky at Mt Othrys where he struggles with the immennce weight even now. The others were simply sentenced to their new prisons in Tartarus, waiting for the day when heroes would make their return and reinstate the rule of the gods and end the slavery of men and demigods alike. The time for the heroes of new and the heroes of old to fight as one is now, whether they be greco roman or not.