"What about food?" Bianca asked. Luke turned to her and responded. "We'll go down to the kitchen and grab some of the canned foods out of the pantry. Maybe grab some silverware and cooking material too." he said. "We can't all go down, Sister might hear us." We all started thinking of how we could do that when a revelation seemed to hit us all at the same time. We all looked at Nico and he seemed to get why. "Oh fine, I'll get the damned beans and soup." he said, knowing exactly why we were looking at him. While Luke is the best thief and the fastest, Nico is the sneakiest. He practically blends in with shadows. The only reason we knew he was on the roof with us at all was because the moonlight gave him a silhouette. Line Break We climbed back down the fire escape to our rooms and immediately got to work. I started grabbing clothes out of the closet, Luke grabbed three bags and started filling them with our cash and the clothes while Nico went down to get food and Bianca went to her room to grab a bag and clothes. I started telling Luke where I kept all of my valuables including my own notebook, and the envelope that had a lock of my mother's hair and a picture of us together. I put the rest of my personal belongings in the bag and was just waiting on Nico when I realized something. "Shit. The guitars." I said, looking at the instrument I so adored. I grabbed the sheet off of my bed and wrapped it around the guitar to keep it as safe and clean as possible. Just then Nico came up holding several cans of various foods in his arms. He looked glad to be back up with us. "She was down there. The old bird fell asleep in front of the TV." he said with a grin. He saw me with the wrapped guitar and realized he had to take care of his own. "Good idea Percy, I might have forgotten if I hadn't seen you." he said and did the same by wrapping it in cloth. Suddenly Bianca came into the room with a packed bag over her shoulder. "We doin' this or what?" she whispered from the doorway. Just then I heard a creak from down the hall and we all froze. " What was that?!" I whisper yelled to Luke. His eyes were wide as he looked at the doorway. "Nico! I thought you said she was asleep!?" I whisper yelled at him. He gave me a glare and whisper yelled back. "She as asleep but she must've heard Bianca or something!" he whisper-yelled at me. "Just shut up! Bianca, get over here and close the door." Luke said. She quickly dashed in and closed the door as quickly and quietly as possible. We waited with bated breath as the creaks became steadily louder. A shadow passed in front of our door and I knew we were busted. She would never believe we weren't up to something with the empty closet and gutted bed spreads. The shadow moved away from under the door and I let out a sigh of relief as whatever was there moved away. I gave them all a look that said it was now or never. "We got everything?" I said. We went through our bags one more time to make sure we had all the necessary supplies. "Yeah. All good here Percy." Bianca said. "Same." Nico said. "Same. All good here." Luke said. I put my bag over my shoulder and picked up my cloth wrapped guitar, when I noticed the cloth beginning to slip. I cursed and tried to get it to stay but it refused. "Hey, any of you got any string?" I asked. Luke ruffled through his bag and pulled out a roll of twine and his switch blade. He passed them over to me and I wrapped the guitar in the string before cutting it and tying it off. Nico did the same when he saw he had the same problem. "Hey, I just thought of something, how will we defend ourselves if we get in trouble? All we have is Luke's knife and that's like five inches." Bianca said. She had a point. Four teens on the run were easy targets for any scumbag that so decided to jump us. "What if we grab some kitchen knives?" Nico said. He seemed to realize what he had said before his eyes widened. Luke gave a little laugh and pushed his blonde hair out of his face. "I'll get it..." Nico said sourly as he put his bag down and went out the door again. "Be careful." Bianca whispered after him. A few minutes later Nico snuck back into the room with four long and deadly sharp steel kitchen knives. He gave one to each of us and we put them in our bags, hoping they didn't cut any of our stuff. If there's one time I'll thank Sister Hera, it's that she made us keep her knives sharp. "Alright guys, let's go." Luke said with a smile on his face that was mirrored by the others in the room as we followed him out the window and into the next adventure of our lives. A/N: Alright, that's chapter 1. I hoped you all liked it and review if you did and tell me what you think. Also, something I should clear up is that Luke is 15, Percy is 14 and about to turn 15, Bianca is 14 and Nico is 13. I will try to update as often as I can but because I'm going out of town for a week next week and I won't have any internet, I may not have an update up intil like 10 days from now on I think the 24th or 25th Anyway, see you then :) -MFCO16 out