try," Piper said in a small voice. "Okay," Annabeth smiled. "Percy and I have known each other for five years, which is about five times more than how long you've know Jason – considering Hera's sick plans." "What're you getting at?" Piper asked. "I'm telling you that it's going take a little longer for you and Jason to get that comfortable around one another," Annabeth explained. When Piper didn't seem much happy with that particular explanation, Annabeth laughed. "Not that convincing, huh?" "I'm sorry to be so stubborn," Piper sighed. "But I just don't see how Jason and I have any prospect of getting better as a pair. Perhaps, I'm wrong; I really hope I am." Piper paused to chew on her bottom lip. "Jason is too focussed and dedicated to his aims; he's brave and smart and everything but I guess he's just too Roman. Sometimes, I think I'm not worth him." "That's fine," Annabeth allowed. "Do you know why it's necessary for the Roman and Greek camps to reunite?" She asked. Piper could not figure out how that was supposed to solve her problems and ease her dissatisfactions, but nonetheless she answered, "So that the Roman and Greek selves of the Gods are not constantly fighting within them?" "Bingo," Annabeth smiled. "Now tell me, is Aphrodite Greek?" "Yes she is; Venus is her Roman form." "And what about Jupiter, Piper?" "He's the Roman aspect of Zeus." Piper replied, now utter bewilderment evident on her face. "So," Annabeth said somewhat excitedly. "Let's see, Percy and I are full-proof Greek. Frank and Hazel – they're undiluted Roman. But, you and Jason – a daughter of Aphrodite and a son of Jupiter – are a Greek and Roman couple." Realization seeped into Piper's mind. She knew exactly what Annabeth meant; she was starting to see her point. Witnessing the almost convinced expressions on Piper, Annabeth continued with a smile, "You guys are a living proof of the fact that Greek and Roman harmony is entirely possible. You are . . . special. " Piper smiled; her eyes – already shining with their usual multi-coloured hue – were fixed on the Roman in question. "You're right, Annabeth. Thanks." Piper felt like an owl as she lay in her bed wide awake. It was way past her bed-time, but her mind was as jittery as Leo's hands. After that conversation with Annabeth, Piper had felt very relieved indeed. But some time later it had dawned on her that she'd really been unfair to Jason. She had spent most of her time thinking of what he should have done, not entirely enjoying the little moments they'd spent together. Piper was racking her mind to find the perfect way to apologize to him, to make it up to him, when she saw a flash of light through the keyhole in the lock of her door. Piper sat up in her bed, pillow in her hand, ready to throw it at the intruder. As she watched the handle turn super-slowly, her right hand reached her bedside table, fingers curving around the handle of Katoptris. The door opened soundlessly, and startling blue eyes peeped in. The moment Jason's eyes found Piper collided perfectly with the smile that graced his lips. "Look at you, all scared," he murmured as he walked in; shutting the door behind him. "Jason?" Piper put down the pillow, blinking. "Hey, did I wake you up?" He asked, settling down on the edge of her bed. "No, I wasn't asleep." Piper admitted. "What're you doing here? If coach Hedge caught-" "Shh," Jason interjected, eyes almost secretive as he said, "He won't." Piper narrowed her eyes, "What do you mean?" "I've locked the door of his room from outside. Besides, I heard his snoring; I'm sure nothing can wake him unless he wants to." Jason revealed. "You what?" Piper asked, eyes disbelieving and amused. She couldn't comprehend Jason going against any kind of rules, even if those rules had been set by a crazy satyr. That was so not Jason . "But why would you do that?" "I couldn't fall asleep, just thought I should see you once." He looked down at his knees. "You've been somewhat uneasy since morning, and I didn't have any good chance to talk about it. Are you alright?" Piper blushed. Then Annabeth's question pierced through her mind, don't you think you give him too little credit? , making her feel furthermore guilty. "Yeah, I just had this fowl feeling in my gut that something wrong was going to happen," Piper confessed. "And well, it did when the Romans attacked. You noticed?" "Of course, I did," Jason grinned. "Are you sure there's nothing else for me to worry about?" "Yes, I am," Piper answered. She shifted and bent forward to take Jason's left hand in both of hers. "I have something to tell you." "What?" He wondered, brows furrowed. She told him Annabeth's legendary hypothesis which proved that they were special; obviously leaving out the parts where Piper had been rude and the reason why Annabeth had to share the theory in the first place. "She thinks we're special," Piper concluded, an excited smile playing across her pretty face. His right hand cupping Piper's face, Jason smirked, making the scar on his lip shift in an inviting manner. "Wow," he sighed. "I always knew we were special, though I never considered this angle." "Neither did I, Lightning Boy, neither did I," Piper whispered before her lips found his. "Sorry," she said quickly, after pulling apart. His expression still fairly giddy, Jason wondered, "For what, Piper?" "I just needed to say that," she half-shrugged. "Jeez, you're really tired aren't you?" Jason snorted. "Go to sleep, Princess Special." "What was that?" "Princess Special," Jason repeated getting to his feet to leave. He winked as he gently eased her back onto the mattress, "See you tomorrow." Scroll a little lower. There ... C'mon type me a review; you know you want to! ;P