"This is going to be all over the Aquarium tomorrow with the staff." "So? Nobody knows it was me." "Percy, your shirt has your name on it." "Shoot." The next day, Triton's prediction came true. Even his boss Poseidon had come up to Percy and had teasingly asked about "The pretty blonde girl, you know, the one who was wearing your shirt?" Percy was blushing the entire day, telling the unbelieving staff that "I just felt bad that I got her shirt wet! I don't even really know her." Annabeth had gone home after dropping off the twins. The next morning, she realized that she was still wearing Percy's shirt. It was surprisingly warm and comfortable. No, it was not because she liked him, she didn't even really know him, how could she like him? The doorbell rang and Annabeth opened the door. "Miss me?" Asked a girl with spiky black hair and electric blue eyes. "Thalia!" Annabeth hugged the other girl tight. Thalia was her best friend ever since she was seven and Thalia was nine. They had bonded when a bully pushed Annabeth for being a nerd and Thalia had seen and yelled at the younger boy until he stopped being mean to Annabeth. "What are you doing here?" Thalia had been working in an archery range and teaching archery in Oregon for the past two years. "I'm just here on a little break. Plus, my cousin lives here, so I decided to visit you." "Well, come in!" For the next few hours, Thalia and Annabeth caught up on each other's lives. An hour later, Thalia asked,"Hey, Annabeth?" "Hmm?" "What is that shirt you're wearing?" "Oh, this? I got it at the New York Aquarium." "Why does it say Percy on it?" "Bobby and Matthew wanted to sit in the splash zone and the sea lion show dude sprayed us, then felt bad and offered me his shirt. Why?" "Oh my gods, Annabeth. My cousin works there. At the New York Aquarium. My cousin Percy." "So?" Annabeth blushed. "What does it matter that it's your cousin?" "So? You're blushing! You're totally going to date my cousin!" "What? No! I don't even know him!" "That's ok, I'll introduce you! Come on, change your shirt, we're going to visit him and pretend that we're visiting to give him his shirt back." "Pretend?" "Yup! Because your BFF Thalia is going to hook you up with my cute cousin!" "No way." "Uh, huh." "Do you even know where he lives?" "Yeah, he gave me his address, let me find it...oh my gods" "What now?" "He lives next door." He must be the really nice and really handsome boy! "I take it there's no backing out now?" "Nope. And I can see you recognize him. You've already met, so there's no reason to not go!" I can give you a few reasons, Annabeth thought, but didn't say anything. She didn't really mind going to Percy's apartment...because...well, Percy. Thalia dashed into Annabeth's closet and picked out a few articles of clothing, said "Wear this," and pushed Annabeth into the bathroom to change. Annabeth sighed and did as she was told. There is no denying Thalia. She came out of the room(looking really good with her outfit and her hair tied in her signature ponytail), and Thalia immediately grabbed Percy's shirt, ushering her out the door. "Lets go, lets go, let's go!" She exclaimed happily. "Why are you so...excited?" "Hey, its not every day that I get to play matchmaker with my baby Annabeth and my widdle cousin." "Thalia...just..." But Thalia was too busy ringing the doorbell and shushed her. Annabeth was suddenly nervous, quickly brushing through her hair and blushing while Thalia watched on smirking, like I told you that you liked him. Percy opened the door with an adorable-no, not adorable because you don't like him, Annabeth-confused look but grinned when he saw Thalia. "Thals!" "Kelp Head!" Percy face-palmed. "You had to say it in front of her? She already calls me Seaweed Brain!" "Nice," Thalia said. She and Annabeth fist bumped. Percy just glared, or tried to. He ended up somehow grinning instead. "Annabeth, right?" Annabeth nodded. "How do you guys even know each other anyways?" "Thalia's my best friend and she came to visit me, and umm..." Annabeth blushed. "Yeah?" Percy asked, totally oblivious. "Ummm here!" Annabeth shoved his shirt in his hands and squeezed her eyes shut. Way to be cool, Annabeth. She thought she must've died of embarrassment. "Oh, its my shirt! Thanks, Annabeth. Hey, why don't you guys come in?" "Sure," Thalia answered for her and pushed her in. "So yeah. She was wearing that shirt when I came and so I made her come and give it back because she didn't know where you lived." Annabeth groaned. Even more embarrassment, telling Percy she was wearing it. Thanks, Thals. "Cool." Luckily, Percy really was a Seaweed Brain. Thalia wanted to roll her eyes at the awkward scene. Her cousin was totally oblivious, and her best friend was red and trying not to die in front of her obvious crush. So, because she's Thalia, she decided to move things on a bit. "Hey, Percy, you free...next Saturday?" "Ummm, Thalia...we're..you know, cousins..." Thalia face palmed yet again. "No, you idiot, if you're free, you and Annabeth should go get lunch or something." "Thalia!" Annabeth exclaimed. Now both of them were blushing and not looking at each other. "What? It's my job to be helpful," she said, sarcastically mimicking the helpful Honda commercial. "So? Kelp Head?" If Percy could lie, he would've said he didn't like Annabeth that way, but he knew he was a horrible liar. Annabeth was beautiful, smart(as far as he's seen), funny, cool. Who wouldn't like her? Percy looked down at the floor. "Um..Annabeth...would you like to go out for lunch next Saturday?" Annabeth looked shy and completely adorable blushing like that. "Um...yeah, I'd love to." Percy's head shot up. "Really?" He was grinning. Annabeth laughed. "Really."