which littered the surface of what was left in the mug. "Happy?" he asked, exhaling through his nose and cramming the cigarettes and the lighter into the front pocket of the borrowed hoodie. "My apartment, my rules," Percy said stoically, taking the soup out of the microwave and crossing the kitchen to plonk it in front of Nico. "So yeah, actually. Pretty happy. Now eat. We really need to talk." A shadow passed over Nico's face as he played with the spoon, staring down into the surface of the soup. "What about?" he asked quietly, almost as if he were afraid of the answer. "Everything," Percy said. "Like what the hell happened to you. What we're going to do with you now." "Like I said, it's a long story," Nico said, still talking to the soup. "I don't even know where to start." Percy sighed in frustration, reaching over and jamming the spoon into his cousin's hand. " Eat ," he said. "Start there." Nico practically inhaled the soup. If Percy didn't know better he would have thought that his cousin had developed the power to speed up time while he was away. It seemed like one minute the bowl was full and the next it was almost empty, with Nico tilting the bowl to try and scrape the remnants out in hardly any time at all. "Someone was hungry," Percy said, amused. Nico shrugged. "I guess I was. I didn't realise. If you spend enough time not eating then your body stops reminding you that you're hungry. It was good soup." "My mom made it," Percy said. "She told me to put it in the freezer in case I got sick." "Well it worked. I feel better. She's one hell of a cook," Nico said, preparing to take the last spoonful. "The ambrosia probably helped," Percy said evenly, watching as Nico's face clouded in anger. Nico threw the spoon back into the bowl and scowled hard at Percy. "You spiked my soup with ambrosia?" he demanded, his jaw jutting angrily. "You weren't going to take it willingly and you needed it," Percy said with a shrug. "Whether you like it or not." "Well I don't like it," Nico bit out. "I don't need help from Camp or from the gods or any of it. Not anymore, not after what happened." "Nico—" "Screw you, Percy," Nico bit out. "Would you please grow the fuck up?" Percy half-shouted. "You're sick, Nico. Really sick. You had a fever and you were coughing your lungs out. That kind of thing doesn't go away with soup on its own. You keep telling me you want help now start acting like you mean it. Start accepting it." Nico looked mutinous, his jaw set. Despite the cold anger in his eyes Percy was reminded of when he had first met Nico, all those years ago, when Bianca had still been alive and telling him he needed to brush his teeth or go to bed. He bit down hard on his bottom lip, trying not to laugh at the image he had conjured up. The laughter died pretty fast when Percy really stopped to hold up the picture he had of the old Nico, not just the child obsessed with Mythomagic but even the guy he had been before the Giant War, and this shell of a human being hunched over the folding card table in his kitchen. It wasn't funny. "Do you have health insurance?" Percy asked pointedly, trying a different tack. Nico looked up at his cousin, all anger forgotten, his nose scrunched into an expression that demanded how stupid are you ? "What? Sure I do. All of the details are securely locked in my safe along with the other important documents in my life, like the birth certificate that says I should be dead by now. Of course I don't." "Exactly," Percy said. "If you had gone without ambrosia then the only other way is taking you to a hospital where they're going to turn you into a human pincushion, run you through every machine they have, pump you full of a ton of antibiotics of whatever, and then when that's all over they're going to start asking questions like, 'Oh, what was your social security number again?' and then probably 'How the fuck does a ninety-year-old man look sixteen?' Next thing you know, it's time to chain you up in a government lab for a spot of vivisection. Your choice." He folded his arms, eyebrows raised, and stared Nico out until Nico dropped his eyes to the table top and sort of gave a tiny defeated shrug. Percy rolled his eyes; the fact that Nico could never admit when he was wrong was yet to change, it seemed. Instead of antagonising his new houseguest more he moved to clear the bowl, taking it to the sink and playing a round of crockery Buckaroo with the dirty dishes already stacked there, which very nearly went horribly wrong when a plate made a break for it. He managed to catch it on his foot, however, although wished he'd just let the thing smash when pain shot through his toes, exacerbated by the cold radiating upwards from the scuffed linoleum beneath his soles. Swearing loudly he slammed the plate down on the kitchen counter and turned 180 degrees while clutching his bruised foot and hopping. In the short time he had been distracted Nico had already nestled his head in the crook of his arm and was sprawled on the table, fast asleep. Percy let out a breath it felt like he'd been holding for some time even though he hadn't. Nico was here to stay, it seemed, and Percy had invited all of his cousin's problems in as well to share the couch with him. What exactly had he let himself in for and, more importantly, did he have what it would take to turn Nico back into the guy he used to know?