huffed. "Whatever. Bye." "Bye." Percy said back and they both hanged up. Percy huffed and groaned from his head throbbing as Sally gave up on his hair. Later that night "I'm just worried." Percys dad posiedon whispered to his mother, thinking Percy couldn't hear them over the music playing as they headed home. "He keeps doing this and if it gets any worse..." "We've already taken him to several doctors posiedon, they all say he's perfectly normal, except for having ADHD and dyslexia." Sally whispered. "It's not normal for a kid his age to talk to himself.." "He doesn't talk to himself he talks to his imaginary friend Blackjack. What's I think is so weird is how detailed Percy would describe him, and that he was human, it was almost if we really weren't seeing anyone but he could." "That's ridiculous, you know it." Posiedon whispered back. Percy felt out of sort. He sighed and continued to look out the window. I hate it when they talk about me. Percy thought. Blackjack sighed and rubbed his humans back. "Don't worry kid." Blackjack said with comfort. "There's nothin wrong with ya." Percy huffed again. Percy had a seatbelt on, or he thought he did. Without his or Blackjacks knowledge the buckle was broken and loose, it was threatening to unclick. Posiedon and Sally were still talking when they drove across an intersection. The light was green, the street on that side of town were mostly empty. Not enough to be considered deserted but enough for no traffic. Posiedon didn't see the car attempting to run the red light. The car hit the Jacksons car at a speed of 93 miles per hour. On the left side of the car. Percys side. He flung to the right side on the car, right through blackjack who dissapeared to the side of the road. Percy hit his head, but it just made everything a tiny bit dizzy or a lot dizzy. he forgot his name for a second or two and he slid into the spot between the back seats and front seats and the spot between the door and the cup holders. Blackjack felt the first wave of pain from Percy, on his head. Blackjack felt dizzy and momentarily forgot about Percy as well. Then the car behind them that was doing 40, in a 25 miles per hour lane, banged into the back of the Jacksons car. The back seat moved forward and dug into Percys front side. Percy curled into a small ball so he could protect himself a bit better. A few cars hit the one that hit the back of the Jacksons car which drove it deeper into the Jacksons car. That happened within two seconds and on the third second. Another car from the right side of the Jacksons car smashed right into the back right side (after being startled when they were trying to slow down at red light, at the sight of the crash, Instead of pressing the break they pressed the gas) of the Jacksons car, where Percy was already being crushed. Percy felt excruciating pain with all the metal digging into his skin and his head spinning. He couldn't feel his legs. He felt tired. His head hurt. He felt something running down his stomach and the side of his face but he didn't know what. Blackjack could feel the pain just like he could feel everything else that happened to Percy. Percy felt so dizzy, so tired. He heard screams. He heard wails of sorrow and banging fist on metal. He hears loud shouts and cars coming to a stop. He couldn't feel his legs at all, and his stomach and sides were starting to turn numb as well. Blackjack was feeling the same but he could still move so he thought of were he wanted to go and found himself in the Jacksons car. Posiedon was passed out in the drivers seat. Sally had been flung out of the car, landing on solid road but she didn't land on her head which was good and she was laying half conscious on the floor with people surrounding her. Percy was still in his little space crushed by the car the right side, the seat and the little raised space for cup holders. Percys had a large gash on the side on his head and the right side car crushed his midsection. Blackjack put his hand on Percy head and made Percy look up at him. "Hey Perce." Blackjack muttered because that's really all he could do. Percy whined incoherent words and was crying. Everything hurt. "It's okay Perce. You'll be alright." Blackjack said soothingly. "Remember ya have a sleepover with Annabeth later." Blackjack muttered. "You'll be okay." It was wishful thinking. Blackjack has seen people die dozens of times. He was a guardian it was his job. He knew when someone's time was up, but he didn't want Percy to panick. But percy kind of already knew he was a goner. "Relax Percy." Blackjack advised. "Forget the pain. And it'll go away." Percys eyes were rimmed with black and the black was slowly going towards the center of his vision. Percy did as he was told, blackjack hands soothing him with his hands running through his hair was helping him do as told. I'm scared. Percy thought. Blackjack heard it and smiled. "I know kid." He muttered. "But I'll get you to Elysium. I swear." Percy cried faster, the blackness almost getting to the center of his eyes. He couldn't hear anything after that, just what blackjack was putting into his head. In one millisecond Percy felt peace. Calm. Nothing. The blackness blinked Percys vision away. Chapter one done. Don't hate me! Not yet anyway! Please just don't kill me! I hope you've enjoyed. Though somehow I doubt it. I'm sorry for misspelling anything. I'll see you later. I would love feedback! But no pressure. Like always. I'll see you later! bye. -Kayla