grown, blackening the room's light like a living shadow. He took a deep breath, as if he was trying to reign in his personality itself: that quick glimpse of himself he'd shown to Hazel, what he looked like when he was whole and happy. It was almost like he felt a duty, Hazel realized, to act like he was more mature than he was, like he had it all under control. Controlling the dead took an iron will; controlling his feelings must have been twice as hard. Hazel couldn't help feeling sorry for her brother. How horrible it must be, to lose the only people you've ever loved. She knew what that was like; she'd lost her mother to Gaea, and she'd lost Sammy before she'd ever had a chance with him. Nico probably felt the same way about Bianca and Percy. She felt touched, if a little bit sad, that Nico was able to discuss this with her—and only her. "I understand, if you don't want to tell the others, but—" she began. "But nothing ," Nico cut her off. "I don't want anyone else to know. You're my sister, Hazel, that's one thing, but...Ever since Percy fell into Tartarus, I..." "Feel like it's all your fault," Hazel suggested, "Or like you don't deserve to love him, because you couldn't save him." "Nico," she said, putting a hand on his shoulder, "That's not true. None of us could stop Percy and Annabeth from falling into Tartarus." "You don't know that. What if..." Nico's voice had gotten quiet, like he was about to voice a thought he didn't want to enter his head, let alone leave his mouth. "What if I let them fall on purpose? I just keep thinking...I was so jealous of Annabeth...What if I didn't try hard enough to save them, because I wanted—" Hazel gripped Nico by his arms, and forced him to look at her. "Nico, stop. You have been to Tartarus. No matter how you feel about Annabeth, I know you'd never let her go there on purpose." Nico laughed once without mirth. "Do you know the story of Zephyr, Hazel? He killed the guy he was in love with because he was angry that he couldn't have him." Hazel shook her head. "So, what? You're not Zephyr, Nico. You're my brother. I love you, and I can't stand to watch you...you blame yourself for something—you hate yourself for something you didn't even do." "If Cupid comes after me," Nico argued, "He's going to make me...He's going to make me tell everyone..." "It doesn't matter!" Nico wrenched himself out of her grip, possibly so that he could gesticulate wildly, as he apparently felt the need to. "HOW CAN I SAY I'M IN LOVE WITH PERCY," he shouted loudly, just in case all of Europe couldn't hear, "WHEN I LET THAT HAPPEN? HE'S IN TARTARUS, AND IT'S BECAUSE HE WAS TRYING TO SAVE ME—It's because he...he came to my rescue again. If he hadn't bothered with that, he could've saved Annabeth. If he hadn't come to save me, you guys would be that much closer to stopping Gaea. If—" "If Percy didn't save you, I don't think he'd ever forgive himself. You know as well as I do, Nico. It's Percy's fatal flaw: he can't give up on anyone. He has to save everybody. He stood up for me to Octavian, the very first day we met." "I'm not surprised," Nico muttered. "You weren't recovered yourself when they fell, Nico. You were half dead. You needed help to stand. I don't think Percy's falling into Tartarus was your fault, and I don't think he blames you either. But you agreed to lead us to Epirus because you love him, right? Then that's all there is to it," Hazel spoke as if the matter were closed. "You have to face Cupid. He's the embodiment of love, right? Right now, your love is tainted by guilt. If I were Cupid, and I was sending you stupid dreams, I would tell you to let it go. That's the only way you're going to be able to lead this quest." Nico sighed, and finally looked up through his bangs again at Hazel. "You're right," he admitted. "I know that, but...I'm still...scared, I guess. That Cupid will tell me that it's my fault. That he'll blame me for losing another person I love. I'd already decided to give up on Percy, but...I don't think I can live with myself if I...If I never get to tell him, at least once. That I liked him. I'll give up on him after that, but even if he hates me or thinks I'm disgusting—" "He won't think you're disgusting," Hazel admonished. Nico ignored her. "Whatever happens, I want to say it at least once. I'm sick of running away. If— When I see him again...I think I'll be able to give up on him for real. But I need to have that much closure, at least. It won't be like it was with Mom and Bianca. I don't want anyone else who's important to me to die...without me getting to tell them..." Hazel smiled sadly, and took his hand in hers. "I know." "When Cupid comes, I will face him," Nico said bravely, his face melting back into its usual expression of grim determination. "But..." "What is it?" Hazel asked. "I don't want to face him alone. Hazel, would you come with me?" For a moment, Hazel thought she was looking at the Nico that Bianca must have known. The vulnerable little kid who needed his big sister. Weird, she thought, since he's older than me. She squeezed his hand. "Of course. Just promise me one thing." Nico took a deep breath. "What?" "If we live through this, you'll consider telling the others." He grinned at her wickedly, as if she were making a bet he knew she would lose. "I'll consider it." Hazel noticed that he didn't let go of her hand.