I wanted to. That started this whole other thing where he said you shouldn't be more educated than me and he assigned Alecto to tutor me-" "What?" Percy asked. "It's pretty terrible," Nico nonchalantly. "She used to be your teacher didn't she?" "Yeah and she was awful," Percy said with a little anger. "Nothing's changed. I have to admit she kind of knows what she's doing. All my textbooks are in Greek and I guess I'm learning, but she keeps doing math all day long. She's a harpy slave driver. But then Persephone had a talk with Dad and he said I could take a break. I went to see Hazel because I knew she would be mad I hadn't visited and then I came here." "Persephone strikes again," Percy joked. "Yeah. You know," said Nico pensively. "I'm pretty sure he was just trying to keep us apart and I think…I think my Dad is being…" "Overprotective?" supplied Percy. "You think?" asked Nico uncertainly. "He loves you. Maybe he's not the best at showing it because I think you remind him of your mother and how he couldn't protect her, but he loves you." Nico looked sad and started playing with Percy's bead necklace. "But I love you too, so he has to learn to share," he said softly. Nico almost jumped and looked up at him with wide, vulnerable eyes. And then he smiled and looked back down. At first Percy thought he'd said it too soon, that maybe Nico didn't believe him and he was about reassure him but Nico didn't pull away. "I read something in one of the books Alecto forced on me," Nico said quietly and went back to playing with the necklace at Percy's throat. "What?" ask Percy. "That the oceans are so deep no man has ever been to the bottom. Humans would die there, their lungs would burst and they'd be crushed by the pressure. So they have to send robots." Well he knew that, being the son of Poseidon not-withstanding, he'd learned in school at some point. Where was Nico going with this? "Those places…they're so deep and dark that they seem just as scary as the Underworld." "Are you saying I'm scary?" Percy asked confused. "What you did in Tartarus scared Annabeth." Percy felt his stomach constrict at the subject. He didn't think confessing his feelings would make the conversation take this sort of turn. "Yes it did," he confirmed seriously. "It doesn't scare me," said Nico. His fingers glided up from the beads and traced across Percy's neck causing him to shiver. "I'm the son of Hades. I'll always have more darkness to me than other half-bloods, and if you have some in you, that doesn't bother me. I agree with you. You did what you had to do in Tartarus." He never thought that hearing that from Nico would mean so much to him. Percy looked into his dark eyes and thought he couldn't be real. Not this perfect and real. He felt something inside of him unclench. The fearful grip he had on the power that had broken out in Tartarus loosened and he felt truly relieved for the first time in months. He didn't have to hate it because it wouldn't drive Nico away even if he could access it again. He tightened his arms around Nico and kissed him. He felt Nico push against him and they stumbled back toward the bed. He fell on it in a sitting position when the backs of his knees hit the mattress. Nico was left standing between his legs and he smirked down at him. That made Percy shudder before Nico was on top of him, their mouths locked together again. Nico tasted sweet and rich like caramel. Percy felt him wiggle out of the aviator jacket and then it was gone. He stroked his hands down through Nico's silky hair, over his back, to his waist. Nico moaned into his mouth and then nipped his bottom lip. Percy gripped his waist tighter and rolled over so he was on top and started sucking at the skin over Nico's pulse. The little gasp he heard in his ear was enough to drive him crazy. Then he heard a thud and pulled away quickly. He looked around and saw that in all their shifting they'd knocked his textbook onto the floor. It was enough to remind him where they were. "Percy…" Nico whispered hotly. He was on his back breathing heavy and looking beautiful. His cheeks were red, his lips were swollen, and his hair and clothes were a mess. Percy let Nico pull him back down but didn't resume their kiss. He just closed his eyes and snuggled his face into Nico's neck to breathe him. "Don't stop. I love you," Nico said wrapping his arms around Percy. "I love you too, but we have to stop. My mom will be back any minute," he said softly. "Oh, yeah…" "I'm sorry. How can I make it up to you?" asked Percy as he snuggled closer. "Make me Alfredo?" "You want Alfredo for brunch?" Percy said grinning. "Yes please," said Nico. "Okay." Percy sat up and pulled Nico off the bed with him. "Do you think you could make it thinner?" asked Nico. "Nope. It's fine the way it is," Percy said smiling. "Percy…" "Nico…" "I've eaten at some good Italian restaurants and-" "So? Are you saying they're better than me?" "N-no!" Nico said and allowed himself to be pulled out of the room. "Then it's fine," Percy said. "Percy?" Something in Nico's voice made him turn around. His boyfriend's expression was more timid than he'd seen it in weeks. "What's wrong?" Percy asked in a concerned tone. "I just…I think eating those seeds was the best thing I've ever done," he said. Percy didn't know what to say so he just crossed the space between them pulled Nico to him. He kissed his cheek and let go. End