you to the prom." "Yeah, I have a boyfriend. But you'd probably hate him. He's a stubborn idiot." "And dangerously close to a certain very important parts of your anatomy," Will reminded Nico pointedly, digging his skull into Nico's thighs to emphasise the fact. "Don't remind me," Nico groaned. "I'm having enough trouble keeping myself in check thinking about a limo three-way with two of you on the way to the prom." Will snorted. "Please. As if. You couldn't organise a one-way in the back of a limo if you raided the bar and got yourself wasted first." "Is that the new way of saying I couldn't put together an orgy in a brothel?" "Sure. Give it time. It will catch on." "Hey, even I'm not that incompetent." "Uh…?" Nico flicked Will's ear. "Asshat. You're a mean asshat." "I thought you didn't care what other people think? Which is good because now I think about it, there are about a million TV shows where an ME is helped out by someone who sees dead people. We're going to get so much shit for this if it happens, you know that, right?" "Who cares? I'd watch that show." "You'd watch anything that starred you," Will said, rolling his eyes. "Hey, and you. As long as it was on HBO so they show all the sex scenes." Will whacked Nico in the chest with the back of his hand. "Ew, gross. You're pretty much talking about a sex tape. Isn't that a little perverted?" "Don't tell me you're not thinking about it." Will paused. "Shut up." Will hadn't lowered his hand from swatting Nico; Nico took it and interlaced his fingers with Will's. His forefinger traced a line forwards and backwards across the back of Will's hand. "But if you're talking about a TV show… does this mean you're actually considering it?" Will sighed and squirmed in Nico's lap. "I don't know. It's a big decision. It will change my entire life. Our entire lives. I can't make it in one night on a whim." "I know. And I'm not asking you too. All I want is for you to think about it. Before it's too late." Will yawned and wriggled still further down into Nico's lap. His breathing deepened. "I will." Nico glanced up at the bed. The two of them dissolved into shadow for a few moments before reappearing on top of it, where Nico gradually eased Will off his lap and under the sheets. Will groaned. "No. Where are you going?" he mumbled, a tiny frown wrinkling his forehead. His eyes remained closed as he groped out unsuccessfully for Nico. "I'll be back soon," Nico said, planting a kiss on the side of Will's head. "I promise. I'm going to go and find the girl from the hospital and make sure she's okay. Well, as okay as she can be considering she's… you know. I'll see what strings I can pull down there. I'm going to make sure she has a better death that she had a life. You don't need to worry about that, at least. What was her name?" Will smiled. "I love you," he said, blending the three words to one barely intelligible clutter. He still hadn't opened his eyes. "Well yeah, I'm awesome, and you're not so bad yourself, but I need one more thing before you hit dreamland. Her name?" "Oh. I think she was Italian. Or her name was, anyway. Should make it easier for you to recognise her." Nico rolled his eyes. "I don't need help. Italian, Mexican, Martian, whatever. It makes no difference to me. If she's down there, I'll find her. Don't tell anyone, but I'm kind of a badass when it comes to this." "Idiot." Will murmured. The sheets rustled as he curled himself into a ball. Nico prodded Will in the shoulder. "Come on. One more thing before you sleep. Still gonna need a name over here." "Huh?" Will turned his head towards Nico in confusion, eyes opening the tiniest crack and filled with accusation for the disturbance before he remembered Nico's question. As the pieces fell into place, his eyelids slammed closed again. "Right. Favianne. Her name was Favianne Salvatore. Pretty." Nico blinked. His smile slid off his face. "Really? "Yeah. Why?" "Nothing," Nico said, dragging an unsettled hand through his hair. "It's just, well, Favianne was Bianca's middle name. And Salvatore…" He moistened his lips. "It means saviour." But Will was out cold. Nico watched him sleep for a few minutes with a contemplative frown wrinkling his forehead. He chewed on his bottom lip as he thought, churning away at the mental arithmetic. The girl who died had been thirteen; he was twenty-six. When he had been thirteen, he'd gone searching the Underworld for Bianca with the hopes of sneaking her out of the Doors of Death. But his father had told him Bianca had chosen rebirth... thirteen years ago. And then there was the name. Did it mean something, or was he just overthinking it? Cold prickles of unease started to fester in his stomach. He was suddenly very aware of his heart in his chest. The bed felt like it was plummeting away beneath him; instinctively, he took two fistfuls of the sheets until his knuckles glowed white. His heart battered against his ribs, trying to get through and to some oxygen — he'd been holding his breath without realising. A deep gasp of air refilled his chest and then shuddered back out again. Cramp pulsed through his hands, but he couldn't let go of what felt like the only thing that was grounding him. No. It couldn't be. It couldn't have happened again. Could it? When he finally managed to unclench his fingers, he used his trembling hands to tuck the blankets around Will. Then he disappeared to find the girl whose death may just have saved his boyfriend's life — and see if his sister had died for him a second time.