all thinking of going to college?" "First of all, thank you so much for that highly entertaining infomercial," said Leo sarcastically. "And if I have to go to college, I'll probably go to NYU." "Oh, come on, of course you have to go to college," said Piper. "How else are you going to have a career?" Leo shrugged. "I don't know, I'll probably just stay in Bunker Nine. Can't afford it, anyway." "You can always get a scholarship," Hazel reminded him. "I'll probably go to New Rome," Jason said, realizing Leo didn't know how to defend his prospective collegiate plans and trying to steer the conversation in a different direction. Piper hesitated before she spoke. "My dad wants me to go to UCLA," she said slowly. "So that I'm still close to him." "New Rome isn't that far from Los Angeles," Percy pointed out. "Far enough for him, I guess," Piper said. "But I've still got another year or so to figure out that whole mess." "What about you, Frank?" asked Annabeth. "Definitely New Rome," answered Frank. "That's a no-brainer." "Me, too," Hazel added. "I don't want to go too far from Camp Jupiter, just in case anything happens or comes up. You never know." "Nico?" Percy prompted. "No way," replied Nico. "I'm perfectly fine at camp." "You can come with me to med school," Will suggested next to his boyfriend. Nico snorted. "I'm fine killing people with swords instead of needles, thanks." "There are plenty of other degrees you could get," Will continued. "I don't know, maybe a-" "I'm really okay without a college degree," Nico reiterated. "On that cheery note," Annabeth said quickly, "it's somebody's bedtime." All eyes turned to Charlotte, who was sitting in Percy's lap. "I'm not tired!" she protested, realizing that Annabeth was speaking of her. "But it's your bedtime," said Percy pointedly, standing up and walking towards her bedroom. "A few minutes past your bedtime, actually." "But-" "Can you say goodnight to everyone?" "'Night," Charlotte said, reluctance evident in her voice. "Here, I'll go get the cookies," said Annabeth. "Can you guys start passing out gifts?" Piper took up everybody's used paper plates and threw them in the trash, while Annabeth arranged the cookies she had made onto two plates and carried them into the living room. When the two returned, everybody's gifts were either in their laps or where they had been sitting. Leo had already opened his gift out of curiosity from its odd shape. "What is this?" he said to nobody in particular, turning the cone-shaped hat around in his hands. "It's a dunce cap," Hazel explained, laughing at his confusion. "Oh, like a...a...punishment?" said Leo. "Yeah. Your grandpa liked to...perform with them," she explained. "I don't know, it's a crappy gift, I just thought it was funny." "No, no, it's cool," he assured her, still examining it. "Thanks." Hazel went after him when Percy returned, unwrapping her gift to find a collection of books from Annabeth. ("Each of them highlight a particular decade," Annabeth explained. "The forties, fifties, sixties, seventies...you get the gist. There's one for every decade you missed.") Everybody opened their presents one at a time to reveal what was typically a stereotypical gift. Frank received an invincible bow, courtesy of Leo ("I'm working on some arrows, if you want them," Leo offered.); from Nico, Will got a black skull t-shirt, which apparently was an inside joke between the two of them ("I thought we weren't partnering couples up?" said Piper. Nico only shrugged.); Calypso gave Nico a bat orchid ("I thought of you when I saw it," Calypso explained, breaking the uncomfortable silence.); Piper got makeup remover from Frank ("I...sorry, this probably sucks, doesn't it?" said Frank weakly. Piper just laughed.); Annabeth got a book about the history of architecture ("You know me well," Annabeth said immediately after Piper had admitted it was from her.); Calypso received a jar of lightning from Jason ("For actual purposes or just decoration," said Jason.); and Will gave Percy a book of underwater mythical creatures. Lastly was Jason's gift, which everybody knew would be from Percy since he was the only one who had not explained or fessed up to a gift. "Wow, this is awfully heavy," said Jason, lifting his present into his lap from where it had been placed next to him. He slowly unwrapped it to find a red brick. "Oh, thanks, Percy-?" "The real thing's back here," said Percy, standing and running back to his bedroom to fetch the real gift. He returned with a wrapped box, inside of which was a gray t-shirt with a lightning bolt on it. "I found it on Amazon...I think it was supposed to be for Harry Potter, but we can make it something for the son of Zeus, too," he said. The demigods spoke for a bit after that, updating each other on what they had been doing at Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter and in New Rome and Los Angeles. It wasn't too long before they all decided to go to bed, exhausted from a long day. "Thanks for putting this all together," said Percy, as he and Annabeth crawled into their adjacent sleeping bags on the living room floor. "Sleeping arrangements worked out well." "Thank the gods," she said, zipping up the zipper and laying her head down on the pillow. Percy paused, unsure of whether or not he should tell her what he was considering retelling. "There was a man at Starbucks who thought we were married and Charlotte was our daughter." "Well, our hair does match," Annabeth replied after a moment. "That's what I said," he agreed. "I told him that Charlotte was my sister, but…." "It's fine, Seaweed Brain," she reassured him, smiling. They were both silent for a moment, before she added, "You know, marriage doesn't sound too bad. Not right now, but...someday." "Someday," Percy agreed. Happy New Year! Let's hope 2017 is a little - or a lot - better than 2016! :)