the motorcycle and shrunk it, not wanting it to get ruined. Walking to the door and unlocking it, she looked inside, scowled at the cobwebs, and whispered a Scourgify to get rid of everything. Going over to where she was to sleep, Izlandi took out the trunk long enough to get a book out and starting reading on healing spells that required using The Light as an energy source. A few minutes later, Izlandi heard the door opening again. Smiling slightly, she looked out of her room, gaped in shock, then rushed back in. Izlandi didn't expect seeing Sally with Percy there. She thought that she might be sharing with a young couple or elderly people, not Sally and Percy! Sighing again, she disillusioned herself and followed them. Using Legilimency on Percy, she discovered what he was so moody about. Gaping silently, she went back to her room, removed the spell, and opened the door again, louder this time, so they could hear her coming. Knocking on the door quietly, she heard a 'come in!' so she opened the door. Walking into the room, she waved awkwardly at Sally and Percy. "Uhhh..Hi I suppose. I guess we are sharing this house for the weekend huh.." Izlandi trailed off, not knowing what to say. Sally was shocked for a minute, then smiled widely. "Great! I'm sorry I didn't introduce you two before Izlandi, I was a bit busy." She replied softly. Izlandi chuckled, her violet eyes still on Sally. "Don't worry about it Sally. I understand." she replied, putting her hand out for Percy to shake. "Pleasure." He said, still gaping slightly, shaking her hand. Izlandi giggled mentally. "Well, I'll let you guys settle in, for now that I know that I'm sharing with you two, I'll make dinner! I'll call when it's ready!" She exclaimed, bouncing out of the room. A few hours later... It was sudden. A giant hurricane in New York this early is unusual. I wonder if a god is behind this. Who cares? I have a feeling that the day is going to be more unusual. I was in my room relaxing when I heard frantic beating on the door. Walking over, making sure everything I owned was there, I opened the door, expecting some tree to be doing it. Instead, I got a frantic bleating Satyr. Groaning slightly, I helped him inside. Taking him to the living room, I put him down on the couch. Running over to Sally's and Percy's side of the cabin, I woke them up, saying it was urgent. Pulling them inside the living room, Sally gaped in surprise at the Satyr sitting there. Percy was also gaping. Spinning around, Sally turned to Percy, saying, "What happened that you didn't tell me Percy!?" Listening to the Satyr's bleating, I realized that he was trying to warn them. Turning to the mumbling Percy and the shocked Sally I urged them to pack. Once out of the room, I turned back to the Satyr, and picked him up. Once outside, I took out my shrunken motorcycle, and unshrunk it along with my helmet. Putting the Satyr down in Sally's car, I took a step back and started weaving some protection spells on the car, using my unshrunken staff to do it. Sighing softly once done, I rushed back inside, only to see that Sally and Percy were ready to go. "Sally, Percy, I'll be behind you on my motorcycle. Sally, it's time to go to camp." I told them, rushing out the door and getting on my motorcycle. Revving the engine, I took off to where Sally thought that the camp would be by taking the knowledge from her head. Speeding along the road, I let my mind focus solely on the task. Warning the camp that people are coming. I sped up more, wanting to get there fast enough. Finally, I drove past a sign that said "PICK YOUR OWN STRAWBERRIES" on it, and I knew that I was almost there. I followed the road leading up to a big white farmhouse. Slowing to a stop at the front, I got off the motorcycle, and shrunk it quickly. Sighing mentally to myself, I walked up to the door, knocking on it. After a few minutes of waiting, I heard someone coming. Hopefully they would be able to help Percy. The door opened, revealing a man in a wheelchair. "May I help you miss?" He asked me. I nodded swiftly, walking past him. The man followed I reached what I thought to be the dining room, complete with a ugly man in a Hawaiian shirt, a deck of cards, and a can of coke. I looked at the man, seeing the god beneath the surface. Babysitting duty, huh? Poor, poor man. I grinned at said man and at the wheelchair dude. "I'm guessing your wondering why I am here. To answer that, I will tell you something. Expect a new camper and a returning one. and watch out for mutant bulls." I stated, making both men blink at the last statement. I laughed mentally, the looks on their faces was priceless! "Great. More brats to watch!" The ugly dude whined. I smiled brightly. "And two more things. I am not a demigod, although I'll help you guys out here, and Dude in a Hawaiian shirt, stop broadcasting your thoughts. You are severely scarring me in my mind." I stated looking them in the eye. Satisfied I bounced out, but before I left I said one last thing. "They are here now, and about to collapse. Have fun!" Once I left the two men looked at each other and blinked, then the wheelchair dude went out, followed by a girl with blond hair and grey eyes. The god grimaced. Camp Half-Blood was about to get a new person who may not be sane. Great. Just great. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter! I will be trying to update as much as possible