to swing it in fast circles through the air. I step back in order to not be hit and watch as the swinging chain wraps around his arm and turns into a quiver on his back. The watch itself turns into a bow, which Kai then spins in his hand. I'm pretty sure my mouth is open so wide you can see down my oesophagus, but I don't care. That was the coolest thing I have ever seen. He takes a wooden arrow and knocks it into place on the bow; it looks like it was made by himself, with a knife, a log and some vines, but it's still the coolest thing ever. He points the bow at Penelopë, and I shriek in shock. "Dude, what? No you ant shoot the receptionist! Why didn't you shoot Satan's ritualists?" Kai doesn't even glance at me. "How cute, the Demi-god believes receptionist is my true calling in life! And I suppose you've had a run in with the fates?" My eyebrows furrow. Okay, so she's not really a receptionist, I can guess that, she sucks at her job. She never answers the phones and won't even photocopy anything. But her voice had changed, it was suddenly so high pitched and posh, but full of an arrogance, instead of the airhead Jersey Shore girl that 'just don't care'. The Satan's ritualists I'm assuming are what she called 'The Fates', the things in Greek Mythology that would be all creepy and prophesize and stuff? Oh well, this is too exciting to dwell on silly little details. And what did she call me, Demi-God? Kai grips his bow harder and lines up his aim once more as Penelopë begins to stroll the length of the room. "Pasiphaë." He hisses the word as if it is venom. "How was the Underworld? Did Hades enjoy having yet another Witch that dishonoured his brother around?" And yet more Ancient Greece references, I slowly back up, attempting to reach for something I could use as a weapon. I trust Kai, and if he finds this 'Pasiphaë' a danger, then she most probably is. She lets out an airy laugh, but it isn't sweet. It's more like the type of forced laugh you do when your mother tells an awful joke but you don't want to offend her. "Oh, it was fantastic! Thank you for your kindness satyr. But you can put those sticks away." She says the word as if the metal tipped arrows are for children who want to play dress-up as Katniss Everdeen. "I'm not here for a fight. But I did want to meet the fabled hero of this generation. So much to come from such a small mind, perhaps we should fix that, it'll help give you a little boost. " She gestures to me wildly as she speaks, but none of her words really sunk in. Until she said the last line that it. I furrowed my eyebrows and thought over what she'd just said. "What?" Was I could really think to say. She just rolled her eyes at me. "Augh, you Demi-God's, never have enough patience to listen. Well, I suppose I can help with your attention skills." She waves her hand at me, and my head begins to spin. Feeling myself fall, I grab onto the closest thing to me, which just so happens to be Kai. He holds onto me and gently lays me on the floor, he began to say something; but his voice is muffled in my ears. I cover my ears as the noise he makes begin to get louder and clearer. My eyes flutter open and everything blurs around me. But I do see clear enough to make out the form of Pasiphaë as she strolled out of the door. Kai's face hovered above mine and my eyes began to settle. He hovers over me, but my vision is so much more detailed. It's like watching a movie on the internet that was recorded in the cinema vs. watching the film in the cinema, in 3D and Blu-Ray. Kai's deep brown eyes were filled with concern. His tanned skin was a deep olive, matching his dark, dark brown hair. His hair was styled so the fringe was swept to his left, just above his eyebrows. His green hoodie hid an orange shirt underneath, both were baggy; but fir him well enough to seem normal. His blue jeans were also baggy, and his black trainers were slipping off his feet. His crutches lay, abandoned, to the side as he kneeled over me. I could have seen all that anyways. But now, I see everything. It's so weird, I can see a small scar, just under his eye on his cheek bone; a small mole was next to his eyebrow. His stubble was barely noticeable; but to me it was perfectly clear. I found this odd; considering (a) I've never noticed this before, and (b) we are thirteen. I slowly sit up, tuning out the abnormally loud sound of his voice. I look around the classroom, at dust flying everywhere and the bright sunlight streaming through the windows. It looks like someone has put a camera filter on, well, everything. I look back over at Kai and try to listen to what he was saying, but there are just too many sounds and I can't concentrate. Black spots begin to dance around the edge of my vision and I fall back to the floor once more. The last thing I see is Kai taking out his phone in a rather panicked manner, before I slipped into unconsciousness. Hi! Thanks for reading the first chapter, sorry its a bit slow, the first couple of chapters will be! Please rate and review! and if you have any characters you want me to look at I'll be happy to! This is my first story so if you tell me any good/bad things I'm happy to listen. - Kisses Saffea a.k.a mInUte2mArs