minds," Percy instinctively blurted, while sheepishly scratching the back of his head. "But I can tell when something is bothering someone. What's up?" Artemis looked at him with shock, and even a speck of rage at his audacity, but she slowly smiled and shook her head. "Even after all these months, Percy, I still don't understand your personality." As an afterthought, she added. "I suppose that is what initially drew me to you. Unpredictability." Percy wanted to smile, but for now he kept that knowledge and stored it to celebrate later. "That still doesn't really explain what's up?" It was more of a statement than a question, and seemed like it had been said by an overbearing parent to a rebellious child. They had reached the beach now, and Artemis had reached the sand, staring out to the sea's vast expanse. "Hera...has a plan." "About?" She paused, silver eyes glistening in the dim moonlight. "It...it is difficult to explain clearly. But I can say this. She has a plan, one so audacious that most of the Olympians would vote to exile her. A plan that will cause much pain. But one that will save Olympus." Percy's eyes lit up with surprise, before simmering down instantly. "Tell me about it," he chuckled. "This isn't the first problem us half-bloods have had to deal with." "You do not understand, Percy. Gaea, the Earth goddess is rising. Our victory over the titans was only the beginning. The second Giant war approach-" "Wait a minute," Percy interrupted. Artemis raised another eyebrow at him, and he found himself nervously laughing again. "You're telling me Mother Earth is evil?" "Very much so." "So, like, why aren't we dead right now?" "Because she's in a deep state of slumber." "Oh." Artemis giggled, and Percy craned his neck to look at her from his position on the dunes. "I thought this enemy was all, like, 'oh, we're gonna exile Hera, ruin my life, destroy your loved ones,' and you're giggling?" "It's just that your answer was extremely intelligent, and I found it necessary to condemn you." "Well, looks like my sarcasm's rubbing off on you," Percy muttered matter-of-factly. They sat in silence, simply watching the waves lap up against the shoreline. ((+)) The silence was broken by Artemis. "Uh, Percy…..there's actually, uh, another part to the plan," Artemis mumbled. She noticed that this was rather uncharacteristic of her, and she wanted to mentally berate herself. "Would it have to do anything with the vial you're fiddling with?" Surely enough, Artemis could feel the vial she was holding, so tightly that her knuckles turned white and every vein in her hand was visible. The vial containing Percy's new memories. She was tempted to ask him to run away with her. He would be safe from any Olympian in her palace, and she could admire or play with the boy for all eternity or until she was bored of him. Or she could save the boy from a large range of suffering by dumping him in the sea, telling him to never look back. She made the mistake of glancing into his eyes. Unpredictable, indeterminate as ever, but she could feel the emotions rolling off of them. Devotion that she did not deserve. Curiosity that she could not sate. Trust that she could not betray. Loyalty that she could not forget. And in that moment, she knew what to do. She grasped his hand, watching him look at her in shock and maybe apprehension, before settling in and smiling. She dryly noted that this was one of the first times she had publicly shown affection, even though much more important thoughts were on hand. As she savored the feeling of calloused hands, her free hand went behind her and flicked the lid of the vial off, before, with the speed and grace of a huntress, tipping the liquid into the demigod's mouth. She sighed as the demigod looked at her, feelings of betrayal bubbling in his chest, before promptly closing his eyes and going limp. It was done. She sent a spark towards the moon, watching it turn from its current shade of dark gray to a tint of crimson. ((+)) From her position above the trees, Hera could see the moon darken a tad, before becoming crimson. She had no thoughts regarding any mortal concerns, though an indescribably small part of her knew that this would be chalked up by mortals as a freak solar flare, unexpected eclipse, or anything but the truth. She looked down at the earth. She could hear the trees rustling for miles in every direction. The earth rumbled to her, and Hera swore that the shaking included malice directed towards herself. Her grandmother seemed to be mocking her, though she was sure that the primordial goddess was still long asleep, only stirring for moments at a time. "My fellow Olympians won't act, but I have taken my time amassing my pawns, Gaea. As we speak, they are locating to their proper positions, ready to strike against you." The hissing of the earth could be plainly heard, as Gaea's words blighted the ground with malevolence. "You have pawns indeed, my grandaughter. Let us hope that they are not just simple sacrifices for their queen." The earth rumbled again, strongly, as if it was laughing, before fading out into nothing. Dead silence laced within the air, and the rustling of leaves was oddly gone. Two chessmasters, each uniquely poised to influence the game before them. Gaea had made her first move decades ago, when she had unearthed Alcyoneus, but Hera knew her first move was a strong and unpredictable one. She knew that Gaea had knowledge regarding Jackson's and Jason's switch, but she steeled her nerves. She would steal the second move. But was it too late ... ((+)) Thanks for reading everyone! I hope you enjoy! Please leave a review, and if you are interested in beta reading, send me a message. - Miss Kick