gave him soothing back rubs. "Was it Tartarus?" Percy eventually asked him, his voice was as low as he it could get. He probably concluded that it was a nightmare despite the chaos the room was in. He shook his head and sighed. "No... I-it was Eos. I dreamt about Eos." Percy stiffened beneath him and he felt the arms around him tighten. "Do you want to talk about it? About what happened back there?" Nico swallowed. He doesn't want to, but he had to. It would eat him alive if he doesn't talk to anyone about it. "I-I was unconscious most of the time. Eros helped a lot by putting me to sleep and letting me regain my strength. B-but when I'm awake, s-she would do things to me." He started to tremble again, remembering Eos touches across his body. "Shhh.. it's alright Nico." Percy whispered, caressing him. "You don't have to talk about it." He then kissed the top of his head, apologetically. "I'm sorry I asked." Nico snuggled closer, but he could feel his body shaking. "No, I have to talk, or else the nightmares won't stop." He sniffled. "There were times I could over power her, with the help of Eros. She would be in pain when she would touch me. But when I couldn't, s-she would... I... gods, I feel so dirty." He started openly crying. "I rubbed myself raw the first time I had the chance to take a bath. She took me over and over, and I couldn't do anything." He tried to move away again and curl into himself, feeling small in his boyfriend's eyes. "Why would you even want me when I'm tainted and dirty now?" "You're not dirty Nico. I love you and I will always want you." Percy gritted his teeth, but tried to stay calm as he held the boy down. Wanting to soothe and remind the boy that he wasn't tainted at all. "I want to kill Eos for what she did to you. You didn't deserve any of that. No one deserves that, I'm sure your dad thinks so too." "Oh Hera, my father!" He quickly sat up, managing to pull away from his self-pity as he remembered his father. "I've been here for more than two months and I haven't reported back to him yet!" Percy pulled him back down. "Nico, I'm sure Hazel informed your dad what happened. He would probably make an appeal at Olympus or something like curse her. Just rest okay?" He ran his fingers through his boyfriend's hair and smiled. "You're not in any way disgusting just because Eos did those things to you. You're beautiful you know that?" Nico felt his face heathen and looked down, embarrassed. "I'm not." He mumbled. How can Percy even think he's beautiful? He's full of scars, emotionally and physically. The older boy just chuckled. "Cute too." "A-are you sure?" he started twisting his fingers, which Percy put to a stop as he put his hands over his, his thumb rubbing small circles on his. He knew Percy heard the unspoken question though. 'Are you sure you even want to be with me?' "Positive." Percy then grinned, lighting up the sour mood caused by the nightmare. "You're the cutest guy I know. I'm glad you're my boyfriend." "H-how did you even know I kind of needed you here anyway?" Nico turned his head up to look at Percy, though he was still blushing, trying to change the subject. All those things Percy just said made his head spin from all the love they had in them. He wasn't used to receiving so much affection after years of being isolated and having death as the only companion. The older boy smiled and pecked his lips, letting him change the topic. "I heard you screaming from my cabin." That made Nico frown, his cabin was too far for him to hear. "If you heard me screaming, then at least half the camp would have been here. This is Cabin 13...You sleep at Cabin 3." His was at least four cabins down from there considering the omega shape the cabins form. If he did hear him it would have woken up a lot of people, especially the Hermes Cabin which was just across from there. Plus the place was sound proof; it had no windows and only one door, which was not broken. How could he have heard him? "Huh? That's weird." A confused look flashed on Percy's face. "Now that you said..." He pursed his lips. "But I swore I heard you scream. It woke me up and I ran here." "And busted down my door, now I have to replace it in the morning." Nico tilted his head to the side, teasing his boyfriend. But it was indeed weird. He shook his head and lay back down. "It doesn't matter though, how you heard me. I'm just glad you're here." "hmm..." Percy hummed happily. "Me too. I want to always be there when you need me, nightmare or not. I was scared you would be taken away again." There was a comfortable silence that lay between them. All Nico could hear was their steady breathing and Percy's heartbeat. It made him feel calm and safe, knowing that Percy was just beside him. "Will you stay with me? Just until after I fall asleep again." Nico nervously asked, looking at his boyfriend pleadingly. Percy bumped his head slightly, tucking his head into the boy's shoulder. "I'll stay as long as you want me, Ghost Boy." Nico smiled and closed his eyes. "Shut up Percy." He fell asleep in the arms of the boy he thought he would never have. And hopefully this time, without any nightmares. " But it feels so great to know that the person you love wants you, gave you a chance, and that you did have a chance to begin with; you just didn't know it was there till it hit you..."