had been the rush of air as she soared through it, then a cloud of plaster dust and the noise of popping and crunching that she had been unable to determine whether it was her or the wall. She had often wondered how far the prayers to Apollo, the nectar and the ambrosia, had actually gone towards fixing the wounds they'd all sustained over the years. Now, apparently, she had found out and was paying a huge price. "So what does this mean?" Percy asked, pretty sure he knew already but asking anyway, just in case he was getting the wrong end of the stick. He didn't want to make her say it, not if she didn't want to, but he had to make sure he knew what she meant so he could help her deal. Annabeth let out a shaky breath. "It means… it means it will be very, very unlikely for me to conceive naturally. One of my fallopian tubes looks like it's been scarred closed. Even if by some miracle the ovary that's actually open for business manages to get a viable egg into my uterus, the scar tissue would make it hard for it to attach. Has made it hard to attach. He thinks I've probably lost a few fertilised eggs really early on because they couldn't attach. And even then, if it does manage to attach, it would probably be hard for it to cling on long enough for me to even notice, let alone to carry to term. It's why we haven't had any luck, even though we've been trying… I'm so sorry Percy. I wish there was something I could do to make this better." Percy shook his head so hard that Annabeth blurred in front of him. "No. You don't need to," he said, his eyes glinting with dogged determination. "Firstly, this is not your fault. Secondly, 'very, very unlikely' is not impossible, okay? There's still a chance." "Fine, not impossible," Annabeth admitted. "But improbable and implausible." "Hey, don't be confusing me with your fancy words, Wise Girl," Percy said. He nudged her leg under the table, a grin trying to return to his face, even if it was a shadow of its usual self. "All I need to know is that it could happen, okay? That's good enough for me." "It's not though, is it?" Annabeth demanded, annoyed because, for some strange reason, Percy wasn't blaming her as much as she was blaming herself. "You want kids, Percy. I want kids. What if we can't do that? What if I can't give us that?" "Hey, this isn't about you failing. This isn't your fault. Anyway, do you want me to tell you about some other supposedly impossible things?" Percy said. "How about me kicking Hyperion's ass? Us kicking Kronos' ass? Or how about the fact the Greek gods exist and are moored above the freaking Empire State Building in a citadel designed by you ? We can get through this. We can keep trying until it happens." "It might not, though." Annabeth was determined now to let Percy pin his hopes on some tiny, remote chance. It wouldn't be fair. "In fact, it probably won't." "Nope. Not interested," Percy said with a light shrug. "Who cares about probablys or maybes or anything else? A slim chance is still a chance." "You're not listening. What if we can't ?" Annabeth persisted, frustration and heat rising through her voice. She had to know the answer and Percy wasn't giving it to her. His face crumbled when he heard bad news and it wasn't crumbling and she had to know why . Why was he so okay with this? What wasn't she seeing? Again, Percy shrugged. "We cross that bridge when we come to it. Anyway, Piper used to do a whole load of babysitting for the Jolie-Pitt kids. Something tells me their mom might have the number for a decent adoption agency." His eyes twinkled as he said it. Annabeth gave a loud snort of laughter; she began to smile, which initially felt like there were ten pound weights dragging her entire face downwards until her muscles loosened up. "Idiot. Thanks. I needed that." "By 'that', I'm gonna assume you meant me. You've got me no matter what. I'm here for better, for worse, for blah blah blah, you may kiss the bride, remember?" Annabeth smiled, mostly because her mind had wandered as well during their wedding ceremony. Both of them had barely managed to stay lucid enough to do the repetition thing thanks to the fact they were floating on love and their ADHD brains were elsewhere. "So we're okay?" Annabeth asked. Percy scoffed. "Please. We're better than okay: we're awesome." "I love you," she said, leaning across the table and kissing him square on the lips. He kissed her back for a few seconds before pulling away. "I love you too," he said with a grin. "No matter what. We are going to get through this, Annabeth." He paused. "In fact, I love you more than you love me." Annabeth smiled but kept silent, chewing on the inside of her cheek. This was a favourite game Percy played to wind her up; if she disagreed and said that no, actually she loved him more than he loved her, then it was all out war until the other conceded. As much as she did love him, of course, her brain was in a sort of fragile state right now. She didn't think she could handle coming up with the verbal ammo. So she had told him and the world hadn't fallen apart. They were still standing, and she hadn't destroyed anything. Apparently, it hadn't been the bomb she thought it would be and that, she realised, was why she and Percy worked so damn well as a couple. There was nothing they couldn't do together, nothing they didn't want to deal with together. No matter what happened, they would be rock solid.