said inching forward. I reached out to him, and surprisingly he didn't pull away at once. "I can help you Nico. We have resources. Counseling. Therapy. We can help you." Nico blinked, and ripped himself out of my grasp. "Take your therapy, and shove it right up your ass, Solace." Nico growled, and stalked out of the infirmary. I groaned, and collapsed onto the bed. The rest of the day passed in a blur, and before I knew it I was corralling my siblings into their bed. Each laughing, and thowing things across the room. My sister, Jean, threw her night cream to my sister, Emily, and my brother loaned our younger sister a night shirt. "Bed, guys." I said shutting the blinds. For nine at night it was still pretty bright. "It's still daylight." Jean complained. Children of Apollo usually slept with the sun, so I could sympathize with her for still being wide awake. "Daylight savings time isn't an excuse for staying up." I said. I heard mutters of protest and my little brother, Jake, mumble, "Wasn't daylight savings last month?" A few siblings laughed. "Quiet." I snapped while throwing my covers off my bed, and crawled in. God, what a long day. It didn't take long before I wrapped myself into my blankets, and fell into a deep, much needed sleep. I sat on the beach of Camp Half-Blood. Most of my dreams took place on some type of beach. My mother lived on the beach, and it made me feel closer to her. "Bright out today, huh?" I glanced to my right. Apollo sat next to me, fiddling with a stick and drawing pictures in the fine, white sand. Apollo was the spitting image of most of his kids. He didn't look much older than I was and had shaggy, light, almost white, blonde hair. His eyes were a dark blue, and his skin was perfectly tan, lacking any type of tan line, and stretched evenly over a lean surfer body. "It is." I agreed. We sat side by side for a while watching the ocean pull in and out of the sandy bank. Eventually, Apollo sighed. "I need your help, Will." Apollo admitted, like he was admitting to stealing the last cookie. I glanced at my father in shock. He didn't meet my eyes. Instead, he gazed out to the blue sea. "What kind of help?" I asked cautiously. Apollo conjured up a picture in his hands. It was a fine stone carving picture, etched into the side of a heavy granite tablet. "Sorry." He said. "I left my IPAD with my body." The picture on the stone tablet was a picture of a triangle shaped dagger. It's handle decorated with tiny, yellow crystals, and it's blade shone with bright gold. On the handle of the blade was a small charm, held on with a piece of gold braided twine. The charm was a small yellow diamond pendant of a sun. "A daggar?" I mumbled. Apollo nodded. "That's it's default form. It's actually my key." He said. "Your key?" I asked. "To the sun chariot." He said. "A spirit thief came, and stole it from right under my nose." "What were you doing that had to so distracted that a spirit stole your car keys?" I asked. Apollo shrugged. "What do you want me to do? She was cute." I rolled my eyes. "I hope you are not insinuating that you want me to retrieve this for you. I have enough problems at camp." I said, handing back the tablet. "You have to Will. You're the cabin counselor. It's your duty. I'm sorry, but I've already chosen you. I can't set, or raise the sun without my chariot." I sighed, and he continued. "Soon, the mist in the mortal world will wear off, and they will notice the sun is not setting. The lack of night will bring draughts. The west side of the planet will die from exposure to the sun, and the east side will die from lack of sun. It's up to you. I cannot enter Hades realm." Apollo finished. "What makes you think the dagger is in Hades realm." I asked. "A spirit took it. All spirits must return to Hades." Apollo answered. "How am I supposed to get to the Underworld anyway?" I asked. Apollo smirked, and waved his hand in from of me. Light followed his palm, and a picture formed within it. The picture was a picture of a boy, sleeping in a bed. That boy was Nico Di Angelo. Son of Hades. "Your little boyfriend is the best guide possible. Choose him for your quest." "As if Nico Di Angelo will do anything I say." I mumbled, not bother to argue the boyfriend comment. Apollo laughed. "My good friend Aphrodite says he may be willing to do more than you think." My eyes knitted in confusion, but before I could question my father further, Apollo had gotten up from his position in the sand. He brushed non existent grains off his shorts, and for a moment he looked almost like a father. "I must go. I'm getting weaker by the minute. The responsibility falls to you, William Solace, counselor of cabin 7." I awoke at three a.m. in a cold sweat. A heavy stone tablet was clutched in my right hand that sported a picture of a beautiful sun dagger, that was actually the key to the sun god's chariot, but what worried me most was the outside. Three in the morning, and it looked like noon during the day. Sunlight flooding into the darknesses domain. I plan for this to be a 10-20 chapter fanfic. Just so you know, chapters of this length, that long requires a lot of time. Make sure that if you want me to continue updating regularly you leave a comment. They really help get me off my ass. You can also follow me on tumblr at miyo-nani . tumblr . com