her damned business, I had to settle with sticking my tongue out at her. "Yep, he did." Will said, pointing unnecessarily at me. "Aw, Nico, you are an adorable cat!" She giggled. Even though Hazel was my sister, I found myself wishing that I could summon a few skeletons and send them after her. Will started petting me again, which I didn't like. His hand made my head bob up and down strangely. "He's not too pleased about it though!" As he laughed, I flexed my claws. I didn't want to mar Will's beauty, but a few scratches on the hand probably wouldn't do any permanent damage. "Naturally! But I heard you're taking good care of him?" "Um, yes, ma'am." "I'm very glad to hear that, Will. I'm sure Nico really appreciates you... helping him." This is when I discovered how to fluff out my fur. It wasn't very useful, but it did help express my total rage at Hazel's not-so-subtle comments. From the way she said ' very' (more parts of her face moved then was necessary for that word) to the large, purposeful pause after saying ' you ', Hazel words were laced with more than basic concern. I added her to my revenge list. That made four demigods currently on my revenge list: Lou Ellen, Percy, Jason, and now Hazel. "Uh." Laughing awkwardly, Will mumbled, "Yea, sure." His face was red. Luckily, my savior appeared. Never before would I have guessed my knight in shining armor would be Reyna, with her purple and silver clothes rippling with the waves of the iris message. "Hazel, what are you doing?" She asked bluntly, glancing back and forth between the iris message and Hazel. For some reason, Hazel sounded chagrined. "Oh, um, I'm just telling Will how glad I am that he's taking care of my brother... because he got turned into a cat." Reyna's eyes narrowed dangerously. "They actually -" She paused and then huffed, "Idiots. Hazel, you're only encouraging them. Let's not torture Nico." I wasn't about to argue with that suggestion. "Sorry Nico, Will. Have a nice night." Reyna said curtly, before waving her hand and shutting off the iris message. Most of the dining pavilion was now watching the Apollo table. Personally, I was ready to just go ahead and die from embarrassment. But before I could hop off Will's shoulder and start banging my head into the table, he stood up. "Uh, I'm full. Good night everyone." I dug my claws into his shirt as he quickly shuffled out of the dining pavilion. I could feel the other campers' eyes on us until we rounded around the corner of one of the camp's buildings. Sighing with relief, I relaxed on Will's shoulders. Today had been too much. Everyone seemed to be in on some weird joke concerning me and Will. Was this an extensive prank by the Aphrodite cabin? I shuddered fearfully. "We have weird friends, Nico." Will said with a sigh. " You're telling me! " I groaned in agreement. At least things couldn't get worse, right? - x - x - - x - x - AUTHOR'S NOTES - x - x- Hello! I hope you all enjoyed chapter one. C: I decided to try writing in a style similar to the original five Percy Jackson books, which lead to this. I've actually already got the rest of this story already written; I'll be publishing the next chapters once every three to four days. Favorite and follow along! Also, leave a review. Reviews inspire me to write more, haha. The idea for the story was loosely inspired by the amazing cat puns in Legowerewolf's Solangelo fan fiction, "Cat-astrophic." Normally, I include a link at the end of my FF's to a social media site of mine where I post accompanying extra tidbits to go with the main story. However, I am unable to link to that here, so I'll just post the extra tidbit below! - x - x - - x - x - TIDBIT # 1 - x - x - "How about… cat-tastrophe?" Percy suggested. He was leaned over one of the desks in Jason's cabin, a pen in his hand. Jason, who was sitting on his bed, nodded enthusiastically. "Ooh, yea, that's a good one. Write that one down." Biting the bottom of his lip in concentration, Percy sloppily scrawled cat-tastrophe on a piece of notebook paper. Jason scratched his chin thoughtfully. "Let's see… what about… hiss-terical?" "Yea, I like it!" Percy chuckled, before scribbling hiss-terical below cat-tastrophe . Both boys stopped and looked up when the door to the cabin opened. Piper and Lou Ellen entered the Zeus cabin, dragging a life sized cardboard cutout between them. When they propped it up against the wall, Jason blinked several times in surprise. "What on earth… why do you have a cardboard cutout of yourself, Lou Ellen?" Jason asked. Before Lou Ellen could reply, a scratchy recording kicked on. "Hello there!" The cutout greeted, in Lou Ellen's voice. Piper reached behind the cutout, messed with it, and the recording shut off. "This is our trap!" Piper explained cheerfully. "The cutout is mine, obviously." Lou Ellen chimed in, grinning, "I use it pretty often to dupe people with. It's quite deceptive once I wrap some mist around it." Jason had a hard time believing that. While the picture of Lou Ellen printed on the cardboard wasn't necessarily bad quality, it was still a two dimensional print out. Besides that, not everyone was swayed easily by mist, including their target. "Okay, but Nico is pretty good at seeing through the mist." He pointed out, concerned. "Oh, we're not going to bother wrapping it with mist." Piper said, "We're pretty sure he'll get close to it out of pure curiosity. I mean, look at it!" "It is pretty weird." Agreed Percy. "Thanks guys." Lou Ellen snorted, before playfully adding, "Curiosity killed the cat. Or, in this case, curiosity leads to becoming a cat."