Thalia, and Jason at the big house. Annabeth was there too, along with Chiron and Frank. I don't know where Piper was. Probably being tortured by her siblings. We packed our bags with some much needed supplies—the stuff I mentioned earlier. I decided to ask Thalia about the dream, to see if she knew anything. "Hey," I said, walking up next to her. "Hey," she mumbled. I guess she wasn't quite as used to receiving bad dreams as I was, because she looked a little weird. "You okay?" "Bad dream." "Me too. Was it about Nyx?" She stopped packing to look up at me. "Yeah. She was on her throne all high and mighty, talking about how powerful she was, and blah this, and blah that." She played it off like she wasn't scared, but I knew her well enough to see under the mask she was putting on. "She isn't all she says she is, you know. Gaea is way more powerful than her. Gaea controlled the whole earth. Nyx isn't even half as powerful as that. Nyx is more like a... major goddess. A Titan, more accurate. She only controls the night, like Helios controlled the sun. She's just old, not powerful. If she was, she wouldn't have been hanging around awake in Tartarus all this time. She would've teamed up with Gaea, even if she didn't like her. But she didn't. Because she's weak and prideful. She wants to be more powerful than Gaea, which she can never be, so she's like an overachiever. Don't worry too much about it." She looked at me and smiled, her blue eyes shining. "Thanks." "No problem," I replied. "Always the casual one." "Not always." "That's a lie." "I'd like to think I know myself." "Well, that's the problem. You'd like to think. And you don't like to think." "Thalia?" "Hm?" "Shut up." "Don't tell me to shut up, Kelp head!" "Or else what, Pinecone Face!" "I'll shock you with my damn spear, that's what!" "And I'll stab you with my dam sword," I said, not able to get through the whole sentence without laughing. She caught on and laughed too. I was glad nothing had changed between us. I looked up to see everyone staring at us with a mix of emotions. Jason looked half-scared and half-confused, while Piper looked surprised. Hazel looked amused, while Frank just looked confused. Nico, Will, and Annabeth were laughing at us, since they were used to this, and Chiron looked at us with a smile on his face, his eyes twinkling. It was a step up to trying to kill each other during capture the flag, I suppose. Everyone finished packing, and we looked at Chiron. "Where are we even going? I know the prophecy mentioned something about children darkness following the trail, but where do we start?" I asked. "Think about it, Percy. Where would one who wished to be cloaked in darkness hide?" I though about it. "Underground?" He nodded. "She would be underground, but not as far as the Underworld. Close, but not quite. Hecate was offered a home on Olympus, be she preferred to dwell in the Underworld. It's better for her to practice her spells in darkness. Hecate is one of Nyx's children, so Nyx would be close to her. So where would Nyx be most likely to live?" I didn't want to say it, but I knew the answer. "Near the underworld, near Tartarus." I wanted to scream. She couldn't live somewhere like Pennsylvania, where it was close and easy to reach? It always had to be across the whole freaking country. "So she'll be in California?" Nico asked. Chiron smiled at him "Yes." Oh my gods. I really had to go to California, for, like, the sixth time? I was starting to get tired of the sunny state. "How are we going to get there? On foot?" Chiron smiled. "Not quite." I was confused. "Huh?" Jason asked. "The camp has a car. The Hephaestus cabin made it in case someone needed to go across the country. It's made completely out of celestial bronze, seats eight people maximum, and can go up to 500 miles per hour. It's magical, of course, so it looks like a regular sports car. But the inside has extra weapons, nectar, ambrosia, clothes, anything you need, really. It will always come when you call it, so it can never be stolen. It is not indestructible, just very strong. You might find out some of the other... interesting features later. You need to leave." He led us over to the camp garage. We arrived at the car. My jaw dropped. It looked like a Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Super Sport, and it was a sleek black, with blue outlining the bottom part. I noticed Jason, Frank, and Thalia's jaws also on the ground. "What... where... how...?" I stuttered out. Annabeth smiled and whacked me upside the head, giving me a kiss. The six of us got in. It was bigger on the inside. The inside was painted a dark blue, with nice cushion sheets and weapon holders. "Alright," Jason said approvingly, nodding his head. "Well, I guess this is it." Chiron gave us one last look, before shutting the doors and standing back. "Who's gonna drive?" Will asked. Silence. I rolled my eyes and said, "I will." "No way!" Thalia yelled. "Can any of you guys drive?" "I'm old enough to," Thalia protested. "Oh, I'm sorry, did you steal and drive a police cruiser across California? Have you ever even driven a car before?" She didn't say anything. "That's what I thought." I got into the front seat and adjusted the seat a bit. I took one last glance around the sunny camp, and took off. A/N There you go! I hope you enjoyed this one-shot I wrote as I continue to put off writing another chapter for my other story! Maybe I'll do another short story, idk. Anyway, hope you enjoyed this! Au revoir!