his son passed out in front of him, going limp on the floor. "Nico!" he hissed, willing himself to shrink down to normal human form, Zeus forgive he accidentally crush his only son. Hades was at his side in an instant, worried that he had been attacked. Frantically, he rolled him over, making sure to be gentle, preparing himself for the worst. However, he found no marks of a struggle or any wounds on Nico, which puzzled him. What happened here? He raked his eyes across his son's face, realizing for the first time how sick he looked. Even unconscious, he was shivering, his breath coming out in a wheezy puff. Anger seized him as he realized that Nico was sick, and hadn't told him before setting off to do his chores. "Idiot boy! Don't you know better than to shadow travel when you're that sick?" In response, Nico gave a pitiful groan, his hand curling into a fist. Hades flashed back to a memory of Nico when he was very little, easily a decade ago. He was holding him for Maria while she tucked his older sister into bed, and his son had curled himself into his arms, closing his hand on the god's own. Warmth he had not felt in a long time had shot through him, and Nico's mother had smiled when she saw the two of them snuggling together. He shook his head, focusing on his son right now, in the present, needing help. Carefully, he lifted him up, grimacing when he felt how thin he was. Hades could count every single rib on his son, and it sickened him. In his arms, Nico hung limply, head lolling to the side helplessly, as Hades quickly made his way past his throne and into the hallway, heading towards his son's room. Too frazzled to deal with doors, he transported the two of them inside, and slowly settled Nico onto his dark comforter. Hades frowned at his son as he trembled, obviously cold. With a snap of his fingers, a thick, woolen blanket appeared, dropping down heavily onto Nico, and he imagined that he could hear him give a sigh of relief. Now that he didn't have to worry about him freezing to death, Hades could worry about actually making his son better. "If only my brothers could see this side of me," he chuckled darkly, lifting Nico's head slightly to help him swallow some nectar, glad to see some color seep back into his cheeks. "They would never take me seriously again." The nectar was doing its work fast, it was only a few minutes later than Nico stirred, groaning slightly. Hades felt his cold, stone heart breathe a sigh of relief when his son's eyes opened, fixating on him in shock, his mouth opening slightly. The Lord of the Dead shushed him, breaking off a chunk of ambrosia from his stash and helping Nico sit up, giving it to him. He nodded his head in approval as he chewed it, his face settling back into its normal pasty color instead of the deathly white from before. Now that his son was out of danger, he felt slightly awkward, and ran a hand through his hair nervously. "Do you feel better?" Hades asked him gruffly, not meeting his eyes. Nico nodded, flushing slightly. It was obvious that the poor boy was embarrassed about fainting in front of his all-powerful father, which was understandable. "Good. Now answer me this," he turned his gaze to his son's own, narrowing his eyes and causing whatever color had returned to Nico's cheeks to seep out once more. He took a deep breath, forcing himself to relax. "Why didn't you tell me you were sick?" Whatever his son was expecting, this wasn't it. "What?" Hades sat down into the chair at his bedside, rolling his eyes in dark humor. "I said-" "No, I got that much," his son interrupted him, pulling himself up into a better sitting position, grimacing slightly. Hades made a move as if to help him, but pulled his arm back at the last moment. "But I don't see why-" It was Hades' turn to interrupt. "You could've died!" he growled, feeling himself start to shake with anger. Above him, Los Angeles was in the middle of a medium sized earthquake that had sprung out of nowhere, people panicking left and right. If he didn't get his temper under control, the entire city might end up getting destroyed, and this thought sobered him enough to start again. "You could've died. Shadow travelling while sick was extremely irresponsible, and I expect you to tell me when you're feeling bad, okay?" His son stared at him open mouthed for a moment, so long that Hades began to get uncomfortable, shifting anxiously in his seat. "What?" When Nico finally spoke, his voice was tiny. "I didn't know that you would've cared to know." Hades froze from his position, scratching the top of his head. What? Now, that hurt. "Nico," Hades said quietly, reaching out a hand to pull Nico's chin up to look at him, seeing tears in his son's eyes. "Of course I care. I just have a shitty way of showing it sometimes. But I'm working on that, I promise." For the first time in a long while, Hades saw a genuine smile light up his son's face, and he suddenly had the strongest urge to embrace his son. Before he could stop himself, he had Nico in his arms, hugging him tightly. Nico tensed, having never been hugged by his father before. It felt awkward to both of them at first, but slowly, Nico wrapped his own arms around his dad, grinning. Now, he thought, a huge smile eating up his features. He knew what Percy felt like when he hugged his dad . Just some pointless fluff I wrote while I should've been doing my English homework. Hope you enjoyed it, send me some loveeeee if you did!