and various demigods made their way down to the beach in the fading twilight to see a huge fireworks show the camp was putting on. The teenagers that were in charge of it promised a show that would put previous Fourth of July celebrations to shame. "Yo, guys, over here!" a voice shouted, turning the heads of Will and his companions to see an excited Frank and Hazel sitting with a laughing Calypso and a sooty Leo. Beyond them, Piper and Jason were visible, sharing a sweet kiss underneath one of the trees that stood tall on the edge of the beach. Percy dragged Annabeth over to their friends quickly, her scolding him for being so impulsive, Will and Nico following at a slower pace, chortling at the couple. "Nico!" Hazel threw herself at her brother, hugging him tightly. "Oh, you look so different!" He patted her on the back, pulling back to smile at her warmly. "Hey Hazel, it's so good to see you. And everybody else too!" Frank gave him a grin from behind his sister, snaking his arms around her and pulling her back to his chest. The sight made Nico feel slightly, empty, his eyes unwittingly flying to Will for a brief instant before he lightly flushed and turned his attention back to the others. "C'mon, sit with us." Leo patted the ground next to Calypso, who was greeting Percy and Annabeth. "The show is bound to start soon right?" "Yeah, it should be any moment now," Will told him, before realizing they probably had no idea who he was. "Oh, sorry. Hi, my name's Will, I'm a friend of Nico and Percy." "Nice to meet you, Will." Piper said, walking towards them hand in hand with Jason, who gave Percy a fist bump over the heads of everybody else. She and Hazel shared a secretive look that made Nico uncomfortable, and he plopped down on the ground next to Will, who instinctively put his arm around his shoulders. He leaned into him, oblivious to the questioning looks the others gave him. Annabeth winked at them behind Nico's back, and Will saw it, flushing slightly. When she gave him a pointed look he swallowed, before nodding slightly. Will turned to Nico, his face a little more pale than usual, when the first fireworks lit up the sky. "Hey, can I talk to you?" Nico turned to him questioningly, wondering what was bothering the son of Apollo. Over the past year, he had gotten surprisingly good at reading him, and instantly picked up that something was bothering him. "Sure, Will." The duo got up, ignoring the complaints of people sitting behind them for blocking the fireworks. Will led Nico towards the edge of the beach, leaning against one of the tree trunks that stood there. He licked his lips, feeling his throat get dry and his hands start to shake. He was about to do what he had been trying to do for almost a year, and it was terrifying him. Will wouldn't have been surprised to know that Nico could hear his heart, it was beating so hard. "Will, what's wrong?" he asked nervously, running a hand through his messy black hair. "You don't look so good." Will opened his mouth, but the words wouldn't come out. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't make himself say it. He didn't understand why saying, Hey, I like you! Do you like me?, could be so hard, but it sure was. Flushing, he dropped his eyes from Nico's for a brief moment, looking back up instantly when Nico placed a steadying hand on his shoulder, illuminated by the bursts of color from the sky above. Blue eyes met black, and Will suddenly found himself moving, rushing forward until his lips were on Nico's. For a short horrible moment, Nico didn't move, shocked into stiffness, before his brain registered what was going on and his lips began to move with Will's. Will's eyes fluttered shut as the feeling of kissing Nico washed over him, from the tip of his head down to the ends of his toes. He finally felt complete, and he pressed himself closer to the son of Hades, groaning. The two clutched each other as close as physically possible, but that didn't stop them from trying to get even closer. Through his closed lids, Will saw the fireworks exploding in a rainbow of color, only adding to the sensation. It was only when he was gasping for air that Will broke apart from Nico, both of them staring at each other and panting. Will suddenly had a horrible thought about what this meant if Nico didn't like it, but his fears were pacified when Nico closed the distance between them to kiss him again, more gentle this time. When they pulled away again, they stayed wrapped up in each other's arms, gazing at each other, fireworks exploding overhead. Any hesitation between the two was gone, replaced with understanding, and perhaps with time, love. They were alone in the world, not caring who was watching. The fireworks show exploded into the finale, and the couple looked up at the beautiful color arrangement as pictures moved across it, showing various scenes from the past wars fought. It was beautiful, in a tragic sort of way, and seemed to fit what had just happened perfectly. When it was all over, Nico turned back to Will. "Always?" he asked, biting his lip in a way that made Will want to tackle him into the sand and kiss him until the sun came up the next morning. "Of course." He answered, and the two shared another kiss under the sky, the cheers and roars of the crowd as they applauded the show adding a soundtrack to their new found relationship. They didn't know where this would take them, but as long as they had the other, everything would work out in the end. Oh, I just love Solangelo, don't you?