her. Thalia simply replied with 'you owe me' but smiled. Jason wouldn't really expect anything different from her either. The next morning, Piper woke up to find herself next to a shirtless Jason, wrapped tightly in his strong arms. She nuzzled into him more whilst opening her eyes slightly. She caught a glimpse of the scattered clothes on the floor of the hotel room, that were taken off in a hurry last night, she felt her cheeks turn red. She shut her eyes once more and felt Jason tracing patterns on her bare back lazily. Piper turned her head slightly, so that her nose was pressed against his face. She could feel his warm breath hitting her shoulder gently as he pressed his lips against her skin. "Morning, Sparky." She smirked at his old nickname. Jason replied with a grunt since his face was resting against her shoulder. "Are you tired?". "Tired of you talking." smirked Jason, as he pressed his chapped and partially swollen lips onto hers. Piper smiled into the kiss as she rolled underneath Jason, She pulled away from the kiss before it could get heated and laughed at Jason's pouty face. "Why are you even awake?" Jason asked, "The sun hasn't risen yet." Piper linked her fingers together behind his neck and gave him a short but sweet kiss. "Do you not remember what yesterday was?" She responded. Jason thought for a second or two before answering her. "Well duh. In my opinion it was the best se-" She placed her hand over his mouth to shut him up so he wouldn't say anymore on that topic. Even though she could see where he was coming from. "No, silly, it was the premiere of the film." "So..." "That means, I have loads of interviews and talk shows to do today." "Oh." Jason rolled next to Piper, her body already felt cold without him being so close to her. "So...last night was all the time we can spend together? In, what, like another 6 months?" Jason looked genuinely heartbroken and upset that it made Piper's heart hurt just to look at him. She pulled the covers closer to her and curled up next to him. "Thankfully not. Management gave me, Frank, Annabeth and Hazel the next week or so off. So, after today, I'm all yours." She beamed widely as Jason cheered with joy and pulled her into a bone-crushing hug. "Jase, babe, I can't breathe." "Oh shit, sorry." He apologised, loosening his grip on her slightly. "But, remember, I do still have work today. So, lemme go shower.". Piper said, as she made her way over to the hotel bathroom. Only to be followed by Jason. She turned around to face him and raised an eyebrow. "What on earth do you think you're doing, Sparky?" "Joining you of course, sweetheart." He replied innocently walking past her and into the bathroom. "You know it saves water, Pipes". She rolled her eyes but followed him anyway. Jason was now, freshly washed, fully clothes and saying goodbye to his girlfriend. "Are you sure you just wanna spend the day on your own? Because you can always call Leo or Will." she asked, her hands linked behind his neck. "Yes, Pipes. I'll be fine. I've got to think of video ideas, anyway. It'll help pass the time, till you come back, sweet girlfriend of mine." He returned, his arms wrapped around around Piper's waist. "I love you." "I love you" "I love you." "I love you." "I love you." "I love you but I really have to go now." She gave him one last kiss before walking towards the hotel room door. "See you later, darling boyfriend of mine!" Jason blew her a kiss which she caught dramatically before closing the door of the room behind her. He smiled to himself whilst the word 'boyfriend' rang through his mind. Jason thought for a second, before he walked over to his suitcase and unzipped the front pocket. He put his hand inside and felt the soft velvet of the ring box. This is the right thing to do , Jason thought, I can't picture being with anyone else . He'd bought it 6 months ago, the last time they'd since each other face to face before yesterday. That's when he'd known that she was the only one for him. He took the ring box out of the suitcase, opened the it and inside lay the ring that Jason had chosen. He had a week to nail this proposal. It had to be done soon. He wasn't going to wait another 6 months for the next opportunity. Jason took a deep breath and started practicing what he would say. At the UK premiere of Piper's new film, she didn't look much different. A beautiful floor length dress with flashes of colour at the bottom of the fabric, stylish black heels, flawless makeup, perfect hair. But she was glowing, happiness was radiating from her. How to tell? A shining new ring on the fourth finger of her right hand. OMG IT'S OVER! THAT TOOK ME SO LONG. I've been writing this on and off for about 6 months (ish) now. Yes, it has actually taken me that long. i'm sorry x1000000 that i haven't updated any of my stories, after this one I'll hopefully update 'The Sanctuary'. Bet you forgot about that. I wouldn't be surprised, there's only 1 chapter and I published it forever ago. The after that, Forbidden Love. However, with Remembering, I'm going to edit the first 3/4 chapters first bc they're so god damned awful. I hope this one shot makes up for my (unintentional) hiatus :/. I'll try and put the outfit links on my profile but it's being weird at the moment, ut if you want to have a look at them on polyvore my username is mockingjay9392 (: Disclaimer: I don't own the Percy Jackson or Heroes Of Olympus series, Rick Riordan does. Virtual hugs, -mockingjay9392