face so Will couldn't see his expression. "Parties are not exactly my scene." Will clutched his hands tighter and frowned. "That doesn't explain why you're out here in the cold. You could have gone to your cabin, or the infirmary. I don't believe you came out here just to freeze while playing pinochle with Chiron and Mr. D." Nico's shoulders slumped and his grip on Will's hands loosened. There was something wrong; Will could feel the negative emotions swirling around Nico's small body, but he seemed to be warring with himself, unable to decide whether to tell or just pretend it was nothing. Will felt his heart sink dejectedly into his stomach. "It's okay. You don't have to tell me any-" "Yesterday was the anniversary of Bianca's death," Nico said flatly. "Today is when Percy told me. I'd already kind of sensed when it happened, but I'd hoped . . . I was so mad . . ." Oh. Oh . Will's heart wasn't in his stomach anymore. It had somehow gotten itself speared onto one of his ribs and was hurting quite a lot and bleeding all over the place. "I'm sorry," he whispered sadly, hanging his head and feeling his eyes burn with tears. He felt like absolute crap. He had never liked his birthday, and now it seemed like the fates were trying to prove to him exactly how miserable a day it was. Will sniffed despondently, a single tear falling and freezing almost instantly on his skin. He froze as Nico raised their clasped hands to brush at his wet cheek. "Hey," Nico murmured. "Why are you crying?" "I don't know," Will said shakily. "Maybe because you aren't?" He pressed their hands together to his cheek and raised his head to meet Nico's dark eyes, bright with unshed tears. "I'm sorry," Will said again. "How stupid is it that I was born on such an awful day? Gods, it feels so wrong to celebrate now that I know-" Nico moved their hands to cover his mouth. "Shut up Solace. I'm glad." Will stared at him in bewilderment. To his continued astonishment, Nico was wearing the faintest of smiles. "What? Why would you be glad about that?" Nico dropped their hands back to their sides and shrugged again. "I'm not sure. Maybe . . . maybe I'm just glad somebody's happy today. Maybe I'm glad today is known as something besides 'that time when I put that crack in the Dining Pavilion because I was pissed my sister was dead'." "Oh my gods," Will choked. "That was you? I walked past that thing for four years but I never knew what it was from!" "Ah, well." Nico smiled dryly. "I was in a mood." "No kidding," Will muttered. He closed his eyes and leaned forward, pressing his forehead to Nico's. White clouds of breath streamed from their mouths, mingling in the air between them. Will felt his every nerve tingle with anxiety, but Nico made no move to back away, and after a minute he dared open his eyes and peek over at him. Nico was watching him with amusement glittering in his dark eyes. "Happy Birthday, Will," he whispered, gently knocking their foreheads together. Will felt hot syrup replace his blood, warming him with delicious sweetness from his frozen fingers to his deadened toes. He could have stayed like that forever, with Nico, wrapped up in their intimate bubble of strange warmth, but the gods had other plans. "Look," Nico said suddenly, leaning back and gazing up at the sky. Will felt cold at the sudden loss, but looked up obediently. For a moment he didn't see anything but dark cloudy sky, and then something icy touched his nose very briefly and dissolved. "It's snowing!" he said, elated. Fluffy clusters of tiny snowflakes drifted down and settled on the frozen ground, catching on the frosty dead grass and in Nico's dark hair. Nico grinned at his childish delight. "I told you I beat Mr. D at pinochle, didn't I?" In that moment, Will could have kissed him. He certainly thought about it. He definitely wanted to. He wanted to lean forward the last five inches and press his mouth to Nico's cold blue lips. The feeling of wanting fizzed up inside him until he thought he might burst. Nico watched him with raised eyebrows. It was like he was waiting for Will to make a move. Will was so close to doing it, so close to giving in, so close . . . "HEY GUYS! STOP FLIRTING AND GET YOUR ASSES IN HERE SO WE CAN PAAAAR-TEEEEY!" Leo bellowed. Will whipped around and Nico peered around him to see the crazy Latino poking his head out of the window and grinning at them with a knowing look. "Go away, Valdez!" Will yelled at him. Leo gave him a look of mock hurt and disappeared. "Sorry," Will blurted, turning back to Nico. "He's um . . ." "Don't worry about it," Nico said, looking down at his feet. He gently retracted his hands from Will's and stuffed them into his pockets. Will felt a familiar disappointment settle in his heart. "Come on," Nico said, brushing past Will and heading towards the door. "We should get inside before they send out a search party for the birthday boy." "Yeah," Will whispered regretfully. He was about to turn around and follow, but suddenly Nico grabbed his wrist tightly and was pulling Will along behind him. "Come on ," he said, not quite looking at Will. "I won't make you choose tonight." Will looked down at the cold hand holding his wrist and felt heat flood throughout his entire body. As soon as Will woke up, he knew it was going to be a bad day. Then again, Nico always had a way of proving him wrong. Maybe for now . . . this is all the attention I need. Gah. That was just sickeningly cute and fluffy. Review please!