the goddess, "rise Perseus, why are you not at Camp Jupiter?" the goddess asked, Percy rose, only to find the girls were all gone, "the routine was to much for me my Lady, the sea in me couldn't stand it, which was only reinforced by the wolf in me, the regulations went against my nature" she nodded, and her image seemed to shimmer before she became a 12 year-old girl with auburn hair, "there is a great secret we gods possess, capable of destroying all our children if it is ever discovered again" she said, Percy's mind was racing until he finally realized what she must be telling him, "the Greeks" Percy whispered. Percy arrived at the Greek camp on his 13th birthday, he stood atop the large hill and gazed at the camp unfazed, even the mud walls of Camp Jupiter were prettier than this place. He walked about halfway down the hill and realized the pack of hell hounds were still chasing him, he walked back up the hill and drew his sword, Riptide, he'd only recently actually read the inscription on the blade, but it was still an amazing weapon. Percy took a calm and relaxed stance on top of the hill, next to the massive tree, he thrust his sword into the ground and drew his crossbow, he watched impassively as three large hell hounds stalked up the hill toward him. The first hell hound was bigger than a dump truck, and it could jump at least 20 feet, a fact that Percy found out when it used that incredible jumping distance to attack him, he fired a bolt from his crossbow into it's eye and reloaded while it's remains showered down on him, his black duster was covered in golden dust as he let his crossbow return to it's charm form and drew his javelin, only to throw it at the second monster, it dissolved into golden dust with a pain filled howl. The third hell hound was the size of a small German Shepherd, and seemed reluctant to attack, Percy put his weapons away and calmly walked up to it, he let it crawl into his arms while ignoring the shouts coming from the Greek campers, he carried the beast into camp and walked straight into the Poseidon cabin, he noticed a glowing green circle floating above his head as the door slammed shut behind him. Percy woke up with the hell hound pup on his chest and the scent of sea air in his nose, he was still wearing his black duster and hoodie, but they were both clean now, he saw a man in Bermuda shorts standing by the door to the cabin. Right away Percy knew the man was a god, the way he carried himself, the way the scent of sea water seemed to pour off of him, Percy could even feel the power rolling off the god in waves. He sat up in the bed and started rubbing the pup's head, "I assume you are Poseidon my Lord?" Percy asked, the god turned and looked at him, "yes and you are my son, the son of my Roman and Greek aspects, I am sorry my boy" he said, "I am well aware of my heritage my Lord" Percy did not like his father, but somehow when he was Neptune the god abandoning him made it easier to accept, "Romans do not ask for help, I will always be a Roman at heart Lord Poseidon" the god turned away but Percy saw a tear on his face for a moment before the god disappeared in a sea breeze. Percy looked at the pup and said, "well then, I think I'll call you buddy" the pup's tale wagged happily at the name. Percy and Buddy stepped outside of the Poseidon cabin when they heard the clopping of hooves approaching them, Percy was surprised to see a centaur galloping toward him, "hello there" the centaur said, Percy didn't see anyone else around so he decided he wouldn't need to be discrete, "Hello Chiron, I was sent by Lady Lupa" the centaur froze, "apparently Neptune, or Poseidon, whichever you prefer, managed to combine his aspects into one when I was conceived " the centaur seemed slightly relieved, "I will have a camper show you around camp, you'll need to attend dinner tonight so that I can properly introduce you to the other campers" Percy nodded, "by the way how did you get that hell hound into camp? We have magical borders that stop monsters entering" the centaur asked, Percy smiled and said, "you'll find out eventually" the centaur scowled but left. Percy sat at the Poseidon table at camp, he brushed a piece of hair out of his face and realized just how long it was, almost to his shoulders and dirty "I need to get some shampoo" he mumbled, then Chiron slammed his foot on the floor of the pavilion "Attention!" he yelled, "we have a new camper with us tonight" he looked at Percy expectantly, "oh, right, I'm Percy" Percy said, he noticed people staring at him, he winked at a few and went back to eating. Percy had just finished his slice of pizza when a hunting horn sounded, the males in site visibly cringed and Percy laughed at them, the hunters were actually somewhat fond of him, or as fond as the hunters of Artemis could be toward a male. Percy easily scaled the tree that sat at the entrance to the camp and watched the hunters approach, he knew they could see him but the campers couldn't, Buddy was sitting next to the guardian dragon and watching the girls approach stoically, Percy jumped down, surprising the campers standing by the tree and making the hunters laugh. Later that day Percy sat by the edge of the forest rubbing Buddy's head, "we're gonna be all right Buddy, yes we are" the hell hound whined in agreement and Percy smiled.