to be around. A moment of concentration, and he was outside on his balcony, hands clenched around the black iron that made up the barrier between him and the outside Underworld. Despite the fact that he was millions of miles underground, there was still a sort of cool breeze that came, ruffling his messy hair and drying the trail of tears that littered his cheeks. Sniffling, Nico lowered himself down so that he was hugging the guardrail. The Underworld was so deathly beautiful. His bare arms had started to go numb against the iron when he heard the voice. "Can't sleep?" Nico swore violently under his breath, nearly jumping straight out of his skin. He tried to climb to his feet, but his limbs had fallen asleep under his body weight and he didn't get very far. Hades peered down at his flustered son, expression impassive. "Why are you outside in the middle of the night?" "Couldn't sleep," he mumbled, using his arms to pull himself to his feet. "I'd ask you the same, but I'm pretty sure you don't sleep." "You would be correct." They stood in silence for some time, just watching the always busy Underworld bustle on before them. The traffic lines were always clogged – Death didn't stop for somebody just because the world was asleep. Hades turned to his last living son eventually, clearing his throat. "I – good Gods, Nico, what happened to your arms?" Nico felt all of the blood in his body freeze in an instant. He hadn't grabbed his jacket when he had tumbled out of bed earlier – his bare arms were on display in the dim light for the whole world to see. He tried to wrap them around himself, but a single look from his father made him freeze in place. "Nothing." Hades' eyes flashed in annoyance. "Are you actually trying to lie to me? Please tell me that you are not that foolish." Nico flushed, his eyes going wide with panic. His breath hitched in his chest, and it started to feel hard to breathe. "N-no, father." "Well, then, let me see. Ambrosia shouldn't have left any scars from monsters behind – so something else must have happened…." Blood started roaring loudly in Nico's ears, drowning out the words of his father. Panic was consuming him again, and the realization that he was caught between a rock and a hard place was almost too much to bear. When he didn't move from his position, Hades started to grow impatient. "Are you going to show me, or do I have to make you?" Nico closed his eyes, hoping that he could keep the tears inside. Wordlessly, he relaxed his grip, letting his father take his arms in his hands. Silence. And then – "Nico." He shook his head violently, lip trembling. "Please –" "Did you do this to yourself?" Hades' voice was incredulous. Nico tried to pull away from his father, but his fingers just tightened. "Nico, some of these are fresh." "Father – " Hades growled deep in his throat, and Nico felt the ground beneath him start to tremble. He flinched instinctively, and in that moment, it stopped. "Look at me." Nico opened his red-rimmed eyes, keeping them aimed down at his feet. Slowly, he raised them to his pale arms, puckered and inflamed. He swallowed, and his eyes flickered up to his father's. He was expecting anger, maybe disgust, or even indifference. But what Nico saw was none of the three – it was sadness. "Why?" Hades asked simply, his eyes giving away what his expressionless face did not. Nico opened his mouth to respond, and to his embarrassment, the only thing that came out was a small sob. He clenched his jaw stubbornly tighter, and turned his head slightly away from his father. "I don't know." "I want you to stop," Hades told him, and Nico turned to look at him tearfully. The Lord of the Dead's face softened macroscopically as a tear rolled down his son's face. He was reminded of the first time that he met his son, a wailing baby in his mama's arms, big sister peering curiously over his shoulder. He had been so innocent then… what had happened to that little boy? What had he done to him? "I – am not meant to be a father," Hades paused, brow scrunching up with the effort to find the right words. "I am not loving. Death is not loving. But you are my son, and I love you, in my own way. I'm sorry." "It's not your fault," Nico muttered, shifting uncomfortably. "It's mine. I'm the messed up one." Hades frowned. "You have been through so much in your small life, Nico. You are the one person that can make me change my mind about things. Know that." Hades glanced down at his son's ruined arms, and with a wave of his hand, they were scar-free and unblemished. "I know I don't tell you often enough, and I certainly don't like to express it, but you are my only son – and I love you, Nico. I am proud of you – and your sister would be, too." Nico started to cry softly, feeling his heart swell inside of his chest. He could only manage a nod as Hades released his arms, placing his own hand on top of his son's shoulder and squeezing it. "Thank you, father. I will make you proud." "You already have, Nico. Now, go back to sleep." The next thing that Nico knew, his eyes were flying open and he was curled up in bed. Throwing the covers off, he sat up, wondering wildly if it all had been a dream. But, when he glanced down at his arms, in the pale light from his window they were unscathed, and warmth filled him up inside. His father did care. And in that moment, he was no longer jealous of the children of the other Gods.