don't even get me started on how it could potentially connect the camps!" "Oh yeah, Annabeth. You know dirty talking about Daedalus' theories always gets me rock hard." She bit her lip to hold back a laugh. Her hair tickled his nose as she whispered into his ear. "He also proposed that part of the labyrinth existed in pocket dimensions and reappeared in other, random parts of America." "Wise Girl, if you keep up this dirty talk, I'm gonna come before I even get inside you, and it'll be a colossal waste of a condom." This time she couldn't hold in the giggle. "The horror, the horror!" However, she had noticed that each of her slight gyrations were now accompanied by genuine winces of pain mixed with desire. "Okay, fine," she gave in, "If you insist, I'll go back to objectifying you." The look of relief that washed over his face was well worth the teasing as she placed both hands on his abs to brace herself. She slowly lifted herself off his thighs by several inches and positioned herself over him. Inch by inch she lowered herself as his thick manhood parted her tender lips until they were joined by the hips. She leaned forward and kissed him deeply as she readjusted to his vast size; her fingers over the past several months could not make up for his sheer length and girth. "I love you, Seaweed Brain," she said softly. Percy smiled, parting her curly hair from her forehead. "I love you too, Wise Girl." Without waiting any longer, Annabeth began to roll her hips against his. They moved in tandem, slowly at first but soon picking up speed. Every jerk of her hips sent pleasure shooting through Percy's cock, while each of his thrusts went deeper and deeper into Annabeth's pleasure points. Percy at first held onto her hips to keep her firmly on top of him, but as his lust swept over him he found his hands brushing over the swell of her bosom and cupping her tits. Annabeth soon arched her back as his cock hit a particularly sweet spot. She bit her lip to hold back a scream, and she suddenly wished they had first checked to see if there were any tenants in the neighbouring cabins. She leaned all the way backwards until she could lean on her hands, her tits being thrust out to the world as Percy now dictated the pace. He showed no signs of slowing down to give her a breather, and instead sped up, thrusting up and into her at a breakneck velocity. She couldn't quite restrain the "Oh gods Percy!" nor the torrent of Greek curses as her orgasm washed over her. Percy made no move to cease or even slow in his ministrations as he now jackhammered into her. Already, Annabeth could feel another climax rising within her. Dimly, she wondered if it was possible for Percy to fuck her until she passed out. She barely noticed that Percy had hooked a leg around hers and had managed to reverse their positions. She was also rather startled to realize that she had been moaning along the lines of "oh gods yes" and "please fuck me harder." She certainly didn't remember Percy being capable of turning her into a sex-starved bimbo the last time they had been intimate. She had just mustered up the will to assert her own dominance in this relationship when Percy brushed his finger against her clit, and all was forgotten as she came once again. Above her, Percy was rather bemused at how his strong and independent girlfriend had become so addicted to his dick. His balls tightened as he felt himself approach his limit. "Wise Girl, I'm gonna come." "Mmm, inside me!" she said, half-delirious. Percy wasn't even sure she remembered that she had made him wear protection. "You first," he said, grabbing her breasts. He mushed them together and licked between them, as his pace inside her nearly doubled. She screamed her passion out for the world to hear. Her internal muscles clenched, squeezing his manhood with a vice-like grip. Unexpectedly, her pussy gushed out a clear liquid, coating Percy's condom-clad cock and groin. The pressure of her pussy around him nearly doubled as she wrapped her legs around his back. He swore in Greek as his dick erupted, pulsing within her for several long seconds as he continued to pound her insides. Once he felt that he was finished shooting jet after jet of his load, he pulled out of her. To his surprise and sudden worry, he had come so much that his condom had overflowed. Some of his semen had found its way into her welcoming pussy. Oh well. Percy could worry about that later. For now, all he wanted was to sleep with his girlfriend cuddled next to him. He had just closed his eyes when he felt a warm mouth wrap around his manhood. He looked down his body to where Annabeth was steadfastly sucking him off. She caught his eye and returned it with a steely glint in her grey eyes. Percy grinned and laid back as she worked on resuscitating his flaccid member. By all accounts, she was successful in her attempts. No matter. Sleep could wait a while longer, and they had a full week booked in the cabin. Although Percy was beginning to wonder if they'd even get to see the beach. A/N: Where possible, each girl's first name will start with the same letter as the chapter, but there are only so many Percy Jackson girls. Some will likely appear more than once and with varying partners, though Percy will (of course) be a constant. I'm also seriously considering, after finishing the first 26 chapters, continuing with another 26 with girls from a variety of other fandoms (although most would be DC related). Let me know what you think, and hopefully I'll be able to upload a chapter a week.