safe neighborhood, but anything could happen. How could she have been so irresponsible? She felt a presence behind her and looked back. Percy was frowning at the road, as if he'd forgotten something. He shook his head to himself before he turned back around. He began to search with her. A small part of Annabeth wondered why he was helping her. They were near strangers. Maybe he was just an awfully nice human being? Gods, that was sweet. Annabeth had to pull herself out of it to continue searching. After a while, frustration caught up to her. Then, a rustle made her whip around. Percy pointed at the point of sound behind the green bushery surrounding a stone pavilion. He put his finger to his lips, warning her to be quiet. She nodded and scurried behind the tree, the huge base comfortably blocking her from view. Percy slid up behind her a moment later, peering over her shoulder. She felt his breath on her shoulder and the warmth from his chest radiating onto her back. She shivered despite the summer heat. "You okay?" Percy murmured, his voice low. Annabeth nodded her head shakily, not daring to use her voice in fear it would crack. She peeked out from behind the bark. The stone floor was arranged in such a way that reminded you of the roads of Ancient Greece. Bobby and Matthew were huddled together by a corner, whispering furiously. A close look indicated that they held a black piece of wood. A skateboard, Annabeth realized. In anger, she stomped out from behind the tree without waiting for Percy. "Bobby! Matthew!" she exclaimed furiously. They looked up from the skateboard with widened eyes. "Where have you two been?! We've been looking all over for you!" Her brothers looked at their sister innocently. "We?" Percy stepped out from behind the oak. "That would include me," he nodded in greeting at the boys. His eyes were joking. He zeroed in on the skateboard. "And that, ah, would be my skateboard, if you would please. I was wondering if I'd forgotten something." Bobby's eyes were as wide as saucers. "You can skateboard? That's so cool!" Matthew joined in, excited. They brought the skateboard over and Percy took it with a casual thanks. "Can you teach us?" "Woah woah woah," Annabeth interjected. Her hands were in a 'surrendered' position. "No one's learning how to skateboard here. You guys are too young." Immediately, they began to whine. "Why not?" "We would be the coolest kids in our grade!" "We'll be careful!" "We won't get a scratch on us!" Annabeth refused. "It's still a definite no. Come on, let's go get our stuff and scurry on home." Matthew squinted his eyes at Annabeth. After a pause, he spoke. "Is it because you don't want mom and dad to find out about your boyfriend here?" Percy's loud laughter could be heard around the neighborhood. Annabeth was tomato red. "No, you...devil children! We're not a couple!" Matthew looked at her, unimpressed. Percy doubled over laughing, clutching his stomach for support. It felt like forever, but finally, he straightened and wiped at an eye. "I like you, kid. I'll definitely see you around sometime. But for now, listen to your sister, eh?" His voice was affectionate. The twins grinned widely and pushed each other around a bit before running in the direction of their home. Percy and Annabeth watched as they disappeared around the corner. Annabeth looked down at her shoes while Percy fiddled around with his skateboard wheels. She finally found the courage to say something. "Look, about the whole dating thing, I just...wanted to say I'm so sor-" "Hm? I thought we had a connection, Annabeth! A spark!" Percy proclaimed, hurt dotting his voice. He threw his hands in the air for dramatic purposes and glared at the sky as if it had done wrong to him. Annabeth looked up, startled. She was about to restate her sentence before she saw the humor in his eyes. Annabeth took the one step to reach him. "You idiot," she muttered, punching him lightly on the chest. He chuckled and took her wrist, trapping her against his chest. Her cheeks felt red again, but she didn't say anything. She felt safe in Percy's arms. She breathed in his scent. A mix of the sea and pine. Not a bad smell, overall. Come to think of it, she could smell traces of Thalia on him. Must be a genetic thing, the smell of nature. She just smelled like books. "Annabeth?" Percy's voice was barely audible. Annabeth looked up and saw her reflection in his eyes. Her breath wavered. Percy was so close. It would just take one step to meet his lips. She saw his eyes flick to her own lips and felt a surge of bravery. Percy leaned in slowly. Her heart beat quickened. Just as she was about to close the remaining gap between them, Percy turned his head and planted his lips near her ear. "I'll catch you later," he murmured, before leaning back with a smug smirk and walked a few steps back to put his skateboard on the ground. Her skin tingled from where he kissed her. Frozen, Annabeth couldn't think straight. Then, she came to her senses and irritation and embarrassment flooded her mind. "You!" She glared at him murderously. "You - and - and to think I-" Percy gave her a lopsided smile, and she could see that his eyes were shining with laughter. He hopped on his skateboard and rolled away, but not before turning back and giving her a two finger salute and a grin that almost made her forgive him. "PERCY!" Thanks for reading my scatterbrained lil piece of writing! I am definitely not a frequent uploader - my last stories were from last year XD. But I will happily consider requests you may have. Have a WONDERFUL day wherever you may be. Or sweet dreams. Don't let the furies bite!