that, her muscles screaming in protest. They both eyes her once again, and she didn't like the way that their looked at her. She felt their eyes on her hips, face and looking at her chest. She crossed her arms over her chest to cover herself, the torn shirt she wore wasn't doing a good job of that. She saw a tinge of disappointment flash over the face of the first one. He was pale, with sand-blonde hair and blue eyes. His skin wasn't tanned as Perseus' was but more white. He looked more lean than Perseus did, also way faster. She guessed she wouldn't outrun him anytime soon. "I imagined her more-" he seemed to be stuck on a word, "…less thin." he settled, it almost sounded as if he was a bit disappointed. "Come on Luke, not everyone can look like Thalia." Percy said. Luke huffed slightly. "Oh, excuse me," Perseus said, "We haven't even told you who we are or why we are here. Terribly sorry for that." She just stared at him, did he really expect her to forgive him that easily? He had just stared at her breasts as if he had never seen a woman before and he expected her to forgive that so easily, dream on. "I am crown prince Perseus of Atlantis. Son of Poseidon and Sally Jackson, king and queen of Atlantis," he grinned at her. It was a bit lopsided and it made her want to smile back. "This here is count Lukas Castellan, son of the late Hermes and May Castellan." Annabeth had guessed that they were royal and she had been half correct. She wasn't surprised. Almost everyone could hear it in their accent and see it in the way they looked at the world. The Castellan looked alot like his father, whom she had assassinated. She prayed to the Hidden that he didn't know that. "We are here," Castellan picked up, "Too bring you out of this place to serve us. You will be our champion." She flinched, what did he say? She really must have been whipped too much, she was going insane. He must have seen the distrust on her face because he was quick to say, "There is going to be a championship in Elysium in a few months, many of the other noble children have already decided on their champions and we would ask you, but seeing from the state of this place i guess that you would do it to get out of here. Do you accept?" Annabeth thought for half a second, twirling her dirty her around her finger, it had once been princess blonde and now it looked like it was made of mud and twigs. She looked at her nails- scraped up, with dirt all over them. The only thing she liked about the filth was that it covered her runes, so that no one would see them. She was sure that if Lukas or Perseus knew that she was runed she would be executed or sent back to the mines immediately. "I accept" she said with a hushed voice. Both men seemed surprised that she talked. She hoped that they wouldn't hear that her accent wasn't like that of any of the kingdoms. Since she was a Northerner she had to many languages and her common tongue still had an accent. Although with a teacher as hers she wasn't surprised she spoke ten languages fluently. "Very well. Guards!" he shouted and the guards entered again. "Prepare our horses and make sure we can leave whenever she is ready." He paused for a moment. "Captain," Lukas commanded. The man that he had previously called Chiron walked forward. "Show her to the showers and give her some clothes to ride in, those filthy rags are being disposed as well." The captain nodded and held his arm out to guide her. She exited the showers, feeling clean for the first time in a year. Everything seemed nicer, and she could finally smell something other than sweat and dirt. She had noticed that she was awfully skinny, she looked like a skeleton compared to her otherwise curvy form. She took an extremely long shower, feeling like the crown prince and the count could wait a bit longer then she heard a huff coming from her guard, Chiron. She hadn't even noticed he was in the shower room. She met his eyes in the mirror and the old man stared back. Then she remembered; her runes!- if he saw them he would most likely report them to the lords and she would be executed, or worse, but he just looked back at her with calm. She didn't even bother to hide her body as he didn't seem like he was that sort of a man. He just calmly stared at her with his brown eyes, "You must get dressed milady," he said. "You needn't keep the lords waiting. They have don't have much patience for these sort of things." Annabeth was surprised. Why had he called her a lady? Then it hit her, some people of the north regarded runed people very highly. He must be one of them. "Where are you from, Chiron?" she asked, a little suspicion in her voice. "The south-peak," he said. She had been correct. He was from the area that regarded runed people the highest, the place in the North with the least amount of magic. Coincidentally the place in the North the closest to the kingdoms. Not many Northerners thought that this was a coincidence. She eyed him as she dressed, he was tall- like most people from the North, she guessed he towered over most men, he had brown hair and brown eyes, his face was rough- like that of a person who had endeared many hard winters and much wind, his chest was broad and his arms looked strong. She decided not to ask any more and let him lead her to the horses.