to touch Nico's face rose unbidden in Will's chest. He wanted to run his hand through his thick, dark wet hair, wanted to trace the starkly visible bones and contours of each separate feature, wanted to press his palm flat against Nico's cheek and feel his cool skin in the very whorls of his fingertips. He wanted to do all this and more, without the cover of sleep or dreams like he had last night. But it wasn't nighttime anymore, neither of them were asleep, and it wasn't a dream. Will had never disliked the sunlight until its bare clarity reminded him of every reason why touching Nico was a big no-no. Nico raised a single dark eyebrow, his expression bringing Will out of his reverie. Will flushed and looked away, embarrassed to have been caught staring. "Have a nice dream?" Nico asked blandly, turning back to his book. "Yes," Will muttered, trying very hard to not look at the little rivulets of water dripping from Nico's hair, tracing his hollow cheeks, dipping under his chin, sliding down the pale, slender curve of his neck and soaking into his shirt. Apparently he just had no willpower whatsoever when it came to Nico, because 'trying very hard' wasn't doing schist. "What was it about?" "Hmm?" Will glanced up to see Nico looking at him questioningly. "Oh. What was . . . dream. Right. Umm . . ." He cast around blindly for an answer, and landed on the truth. Or at least, part of it. Sort of. "I was driving my dad's car," he said. "Some place in the desert. Went as fast as I could go." Nico stared at him with those tired dark eyes, and Will felt like he was staring right through him, dissecting him without even trying, picking apart his soul and finding the inconsequential lie like a unwanted piece of fuzz on a coat. In other words, Nico looked like he didn't believe him for a second. "Alright," said Nico mildly. "Sounds fun." He then proceeded to ignore Will in favor of his book, which was practically falling apart and had already lost its cover, so Will had no idea what it was about. They stayed like that for little while, with Nico concentrating on the book and ignoring Will's blatant staring, while Will tried to think about saying something, or possibly even getting up, as his siblings were no doubt already awake and wondering where he was. He kept getting distracted by the flutter of Nico's dark eyelashes, and the flash of pretty white skin and stark blue veins on the inside of his wrist as he turned another page. After several minutes of this, Nico either found a good stopping place or just gave up on ignoring the attention. He tossed the book onto the bedside table and looked down at Will. "Scoot over, please," he said. "The sun is up. I need to sleep." Will obediently shifted out of the middle and over to the side of the bed next to the wall, wondering despondently if Nico would tell him to get out of his cabin completely. But Nico just slid down to occupy the warm space where Will had been previously, pulling the comforter up to his shoulders and curling onto his side facing Will, his head resting on his arm. Will watched in amazement as he closed his eyes, let out a deep breath through his nose . . . and promptly fell asleep. Will watched him breathe for a minute, in and out, before he had to squeeze his eyes shut. Gods. He was lying in bed, in Nico di Angelo's bed - with Nico di Angelo . He would never sleep again. Instead of getting up, going back to his cabin to give his siblings some half-hearted excuse and then meekly going to the infirmary to begin overseeing everyone else's shift, Will opened just one pale blue eye and peeked over at Nico again. He was still asleep. Will watched water drip off the ends of his thick dark hair and slither down to the tip of his strong nose that widened endearingly at the end. The water droplet's trail slipped down to trace the light curve of his mouth, lips faintly parted as he breathed in and out evenly, and finally fell to the sheets and was absorbed into the black cotton. Will stared at the spot it had disappeared with an odd sense of disappointment. Then he snuck another quick look at Nico's sleeping face. He looked much younger asleep, and once again Will was reminded that he was only fourteen. The urge to touch his face reappeared, stronger than before. Will wanted to hide his own face under the covers as if to keep himself from temptation, but if he didn't think it was good idea to touch Nico's face, the rest of him was even more off limits, and under the covers there was nothing but the rest of him. Just thinking about that gave Will such a head rush that he felt quite dizzy. Will glanced again at Nico. He couldn't read thoughts, could he? Will wouldn't put it past him. He always seemed to know exactly what everyone else was thinking or feeling, except when Will wanted him to. He was staring openly again, but couldn't be bothered to care. " Someday," he thought recklessly. "Someday I'll be able to touch you, and neither of us will be afraid." That morning Will didn't get up at the crack of dawn with the rest of his siblings. He didn't spend the day smiling at rude patients, or trying and ultimately failing to improve his archery. That morning he lay in Nico di Angelo's bed and read an ancient, falling apart book that turned out to be a ridiculously old copy of a Dickens novel translated into perfect Greek, while the boy he was coming to love slept soundly beside him. So, yeah. Review? Pleeeeeease?