up hope that he would remember what he forgot Thantos didn't. He wanted his brother to get better. "So what am I suppose to do while you hang out with Triton," asked Nico. Thantos shrugged. Nico took that as a sign that Thantos probably didn't care what he did as long as it wasn't illegal. Just when they were about to knock Kym opened the door with Rhode right behind her. "You here again," said Kym. Rhode moved her out of the way and opened the door for them to come in. "Triton is outside reading and Percy is in the living room with Annabeth and Tyson. No one else is here so try to not burn the house down. My and Kym should be back in an hour and we'll be bringing food with us," said Rhode who dagged Kym out of the house. Thantos walked towards the back door while Nico walked towards the living room. Thantos was really worried about Nico. He never really stopped asking about that day but he never really flat out asked either. Thantos didn't want to tell Nico that he forgot way more than just a day. He forgot a person. As he walked outside he saw Triton sitting on the tree swing with a book in his hands. Triton looked up as Thantos got closer and smiled. "What are you doing here," asked Triton. "I decided that I wanted to hang with you," said Thantos. "Yeah is that all you wanted to be here for," asked Triton. "I remembered you telling me about almost being done with your book and I know how you react after finishing a book. So I thought maybe you would need a shoulder to cry on," said Thantos, which made Triton smile. "Well I'm almost done," said Triton. /Break\ Jason was mad. More than mad. His sister was inviting her friends over but he wasn't aloud to invite his. All because he didn't become friends with the new boy. He didn't get why he had to even try. But of course Thalia became friends with his instantly. Now he had to watch from the kitchen and see how much fun Thalia and her friends were having. She invited Luke, Octavian, Bianca, Zoe, Phobe, Castor, and Pollux. Luke Castellan was the captain of the basketball team and had every girl swoon over him. But he was gay. The one thing Jason didn't like about him. Luke and Thalia had been friends before Jason could even walk. Jason use to look up to Luke, then the accident happened and Jason changed. Octavian Henry, was Luke's boyfriend. He was one of the smartest people in the whole school. But he always said what was on his mind and didn't care if it hurt someone's feelings. Jason didn't really have a problem with him because the guy was rude and sometimes downright evil. And Jason knew he shouldn't get on his bad side. Bianca Di Angelo, was Nico's older sister. She was uptight way to much. She was loud and acted like she was into girls so much Jason started to believe it. He hated her almost as much as he hated Nico. But then again he didn't hate anyone more than Nico. Zoe Nightshade, she was a monster. Very scary. You insult a girl for being a girl and she's up in your face beat the crap out of you. She doesn't take anything from anyone. Phobe Nightshade, was the twin sister of Zoe and just like her. Jason liked Phobe. She was nice to him and didn't judge him because of his beliefs. Castor and Pollux, they were twins and always together. Thought everybody knew Castor didn't have much time left and that was why Pollux never left his side. Those two were one fo the only gays he didn't pick on. Castor had cancer and wasn't going to make it to his senior prom and Pollux was always with him because he wanted to make his brother feel important and loved before he died. He wasn't going to pick on those two who had a worse story than him. "Hey Thalia did you get that History project done," asked Luke. "Yeah I wrote it about a battle from The Civil War," said Thalia. Jason frowned. He still hadn't done the history project. Maybe he would just take Nico's. Yeah that would work. "Why is Blondie watching us," asked Octavian. That made everyone look towards the kitchen and at Jason. "What do you want," asked Thalia. "Nothing just thinking," said Jason. "You mean just planning," said Luke. Jason glared at him. "I'm going out," said Jason. "Be back before midnight," said Thalia. "Like you care," said Jason as he slammed the door shut. Thalia frowned. Ever since the accident Jason wasn't Jason anymore. And he kept slipping away. The path he was heading down was a deadend and the end was getting closer and closer. /Break\ Percy was in bed staring at the wall. He was told after Nico and Thantos left that he would be starting school tomorrow. He didn't want to because the only friends he really made had other friends. And who would choose a new kid over their friends. Percy was going to be all alone and well that wasn't true. He'd have Annabeth no matter what. All Percy really hoped for was that he wouldn't see Jason. If he saw Jason again he might do something stupid and get kicked out. He didn't want to be kicked out within the first day. As Percy looked at the wall he made a wish he hadn't made in a long time. He wished everything would be alright. A/N Hey everyone I decided to do a multi-chapter AU so there will be more chapters. It will just take a long time to get tem done, with school ad youtube but I will get it done. I hope you guys liked this. And remember feedback a great.