down, making her lose her balance. He rolled away and threw his sword at her and charged. It grazed her arm before she could dodge it. She pulled up her sword and got ready to strike. When he got closed, she stabbed at his chest, making him stumble backwards, and she slammed him with the hilt of her sword. She stumbled herself because of his Mark of Achilles. He smirked and swung, his sword turning into a spear. He jabbed at her stomach and she brought down her sword on the shaft, deflecting it. She swiped at him but he dodged and swung Night like a baseball bat. It made a laceration on her legs, but it healed quickly. Percy nodded. "The sword's power is coming in already." Meredith charged at him with her sword raised. He sidestepped and his spear turned back into its sword form. She raised her hand, and the light wrapped around his legs. "Ah, yes," she said, walking toward him. "That's a part of it: controlling light." "I guess I could do that with darkness then." He slightly moved a finger, bare noticeable to anyone. Darkness slowly crept toward him, but no one noticed. He leaned backward, and fell to the ground. He shadow traveled into the air, making her look around, and slowly dropped onto her. He kicked her as he fell. He tucked and rolled. Night appeared in his hand but she was already up. Day was split in two, so she dual-wielded swords. Meredith grinned. He grinned as well. He split Night in two like hers, though one of his was shorter than the other. "Ready?" Percy asked, doing a few practice swings. She was doing the same, both testing it so they could get better. She nodded eagerly. "Yep." The two demigods looked at each other and waited a few seconds. They charged, and their swords clashed in a shower of sparks. ∆—∆ Olympus Hera smiled. Meredith and Percy were an even match for each other. She wondered what the two would be like when they had to fight with each other. She was ready to put her plan for the Prophecy of Seven into action. All she needed was for it was to wipe the memories of Jason Grace and send him to Camp Half-Blood. She would send Percy and Meredith to Camp Jupiter, where Percy would befriend the Romans and either of them would become Praetor of the Twelfth Legion. Hera had a few others helping with her plan; Artemis would help Percy get there safely; Athena would send Percy on a quest to given to the Romans; Enyo would help Percy get to where he had to go safely. Hera walked out of her palace and onto the streets of Mount Olympus. She walked to her garden and sat on a bench. This garden was a present from Zeus after he had an affair with Leto and the Twin Archers made it to Olympus safely. There were a few rose bushes lining the left and right sides. Over on the far side, there was a balcony that overlooked the area of Manhattan and New York. She could probably even see Long Island from here. Vegetables and tomatoes grew closer to the back left corner with the fruits on the opposite side. She winced as she thought about what she had done. She wished she could repent on what she had done, but the goddess knew a simple sorry wouldn't cut it. "Hera?" came the voice of Artemis. She stood at the entrance to Hera's garden, along with Athena and her brother Apollo. "Yes, dear?" Hera replied, turning her head to the children of Zeus. "Lord Zeus wishes to speak with us. We came to get you before he had one of his fits," Athena told the goddess of marriage. "How long?" "Fifteen minutes," Apollo announced, a grimace on his face, "Something bad has happened, and we need to discuss it." ∆—∆ Once everyone sat in their throne, they all turned to Zeus. He cleared his throat. "As some of you may know, we have some reports that the Giants are rising once again; the Titans may be helping them in this war too. Our satyrs and nymphs also report that Gaea is stirring. We must take action immediately." He looked around the room, making eye contact with everyone, before his gaze landed on Athena. "Does anyone have a course of action that they can propose?" Hera, Artemis, and Athena raised their hands, "We three have come up with a plan." Most were shocked. Hera working with Zeus' children? No way. "We have decided that, since most likely this war will be very deadly, we must bring the Roman and Greek demigods together. Only then may we prevail." "We shall send the son of Jupiter, Jason Grace, to Camp Half-Blood, and send Percy and Meredith Jackson to Camp Jupiter, so we can bring the two together," Athena stated, looking up at him. "We're going to need lots of transportation," Apollo added, his eyes turning green for a second. "The final battle shall take place in Greece, when Gaea awakens." Everyone shifted nervously. As what would have happened in the last war, Gaea was trying to take them down from the roots. "Everyone for this plan?" Everyone raised their hands. "Motion carried," Zeus said. "Meeting adjourned." ∆—∆ That's chapter one of my new, and first, story. I should have a new chapter up by the next two weeks, because this is my last week of school. I have not wrote a single other story on here but I have on other things. Not on a website, though. Make your suggestion of what pairing this story should be, and I shall try to make it happen. But I will not do Percabeth, unless the majority of you want it; personally, I would like to do Pertemis. Hope you all have had a good day. This is Moon's Son. And I'm out.