the first of which that came to the Queen's mind. The Fates smiled at their champion then. They knew that better things were to come out of this night than any other. Maybe more couples could form if Aphrodite was to rediscover what love meant. Hera saw it from day one- well, after she dropped her son in disgust. "Perseus, you ask for much of me. Why?" Aphrodite urgently pressed. Trying to keep her voice low, she failed as the rest of the table stopped play to ease drop on the conversation across the table. Hephaestus himself could hardly breathe as he tried to listen into the conversation. Finding it difficult, his newly 'opened' heart put it best. "Because, you never know unless you try, Aphrodite," Percy replied. "Has he ever done anything degrading to you in the past? Hasn't he always kept your best interests in mind?" Aphrodite scoffed hearing that. Hephaestus always was trying to embarrass her in front of everyone else. She was tired of having to sneak around because of the threats those blasted automations were. She was furious that he couldn't see she friend zoned him, and was livid for the past centuries she was in this predicament for. But why was her own heart uneasy at the thought? It was in pain, and as well as she could help others' love lives, she never knew how to solve her own. ' For Percabeth' she grimly told herself. She took comfort in the fact that the term a try was very vague, it was an easy loophole to exploit. "I Aphrodite, swear on the River Styx to give my husband Hephaestus 'a try'". Thunder across the evening sky was the bright response. As the thunder struck, Aphrodite could have sworn she heard a whisper. ' This is an easy vow to keep on my river. I think you will find it to be much less troublesome than you could ever imagine' . Feeling as her two cents were said, Lady Styx's presence retreated from Aphrodite's mind. Upon hearing her vow, Hephaestus had tears in his eyes. Overcome with emotion, the large god stood up and immediately captured Aphrodite in his warm embrace. Aphrodite was frozen in shock at the contact. Her arms couldn't move at first, frozen at the contact. Then, they slowly raised up to encircle the large god to return the gesture. At the sight of Aphrodite's reaction, the rest of the table smiled. Hera, sensing the overwhelming positive emotion within her domain, flashed into the Poker room. Realizing where she was, and how much she despised the game , she moved to slap Zeus. What made her hesitate her motion was the heartwarming embrace she saw between her son and daughter in law. ' Ah ,' she thought, ' See! I told her I was right! Humph. Take that, goddess of love !' She smiled seeing one of the most infamous marriages returning to the right path. It was far from whole, but it was a start she noted. As much as he hated to break the moment, Apollo knew he had to hurry things along. "Are we ready to continue ladies and gents? Aphrodite, Hephaestus; I can deal you two out if you would like that?" Coming to their senses, the pair separated and nodded. As they left the table, Aphrodite turned to look back to Percy. Smiling, she made the peace hand gesture to the demigod. Turning away, the couple grabbed a seat on the love cushion couch in the far corner of the room and began to talk. Hera, noticing this, smiled and walked over to moderate the conversation. Pulling out a large book titled Marriage Vows , the Queen approached the couple and sat down in a chair formed out of thin air. As she sat down, large velvet drapes came out from the wall to hide the sight away from observing eyes. Percy smiled. His good deed was done for the day, he turned to the table with a happy grin. Looking up, he saw Athena glaring at him once again. That grin morphed into an expression of terror. This time, Athena was spraying her shield with a 'mortal blood repellant'. Polishing the surface until the celestial bronze gleamed, her piercing gaze was still locked onto Percy's sea green eyes. Paling, Percy the seaweed brained individual he was, suddenly remembered the deal he just made with the Lady of Doves. I'm so fucked he dully thought. His heart for once, agreed. LINE BREAK Author's notes: I meant for this to be a one-shot, but 14K+ words were more than enough for one chapter. This is the re-edited first chapter with grammar fixes and it took me the better part of my Sunday to update this! Please review and I will have a second part up for this hopefully after Xmas time when I have more time to work on this. In the conclusion of this two-shot, I will have more poker hands as well as a solid conclusion that hopefully ties into cannon. I will be tying these poker hands into scenarios that have happened in real-life for a more interesting take on what happened in these hands. Imbedded Author's notes *[1] Outs refers to the number of cards a player who is behind in the hand can have dealt to win the hand. In this instance, Poseidon could only beat Aphrodite's hand with the Three of Hearts. As of all the hands he could make to beat Aphrodite's full house, he needed to make a four of a kind. Thus, this was an instance where Poseidon had one card remaining in the deck that would allow him to win the hand. As for the flush, that is considered inferior to a full house. Google search 5 card poker hands to see the hierarchy from lowest to highest. Feel free to PM or positively critique this work as you may. Until next time, Fox Two! Mobius Legacy