like Will was about to shoot him. After he put away his instruments in the little black bag, he jotted down a few notes in the patient file, muttering to himself. "Bad. Bad but not terrible. Hmph." Nico yawned again. He had curled back up into a ball, his knees pressed against his chest, his head resting on one hand and the other tucked under his elbow. "Are you still tired?" Will looked at him with concern. "Mmm. What time is it?" Nico asked. "About noon." Will was frowning. Nico thought it made him look older. "Didn't you get any sleep last night?" "I don't like to sleep in the dark," Nico said. "Sunlight keeps away the nightmares." He said it so frankly. There was quite a lot Will wanted to say (or shout) on that matter, but Nico looked like he was already half asleep and there was still something Will wanted to talk about. "Nico?" He leaned his elbows on the bed and propped his chin up on his hands. "Hmm?" "You . . . I'm sorry." Nico opened one eye and looked at him guardedly. "Why?" "Because I . . . with Octavian. I shouldn't have gotten you." Nico's voice went cold as an Arctic winter. "I do not regret what I did, Solace. Whether I killed Gaia or Leo or both, I would do it again every time. Octavian had to die. That was what had to hap-" "I can't fight!" Will blurted. He presses the heels of his hands into his eyes so he didn't have to look at Nico's expression. "I can't . . . fight." There was a moment of silence. Finally Nico said, "I know." Will looked up. "What do you mean 'you know'?" "In the Battle of Manhattan you spent the entire time unnecessarily risking your life for the injured on the battlefield. You walk around with a bow, but you never seem to remember it's there. You would obviously rather run around like a headless chicken than use a sword properly. When you do hold a weapon, your grip and stance is all wrong. I will be blunt, Solace. You must really suck." "That's . . . true, but not what I meant." Will looked down at his hands. "I'm not really gifted in anything but healing. That's great when I actually want to heal someone, but when all I want to do it stab someone in the gut . . . I just can't." He hated the look on Nico's face. "Don't look at me like that!" Will snapped, standing up in agitation. "It's not some heroic refusal to hurt someone. I physically can't. If you held a sword to my throat and I had one at your ribs, and I tried to kill you before you killed me . . . well, I wouldn't be able to! Whenever I try, it's like my whole body locks up and I can't move! And then it's like I'm having a panic attack because there's all this fear and I can't stop shaking, so I just . . . I just can't. So that's why . . . that's why I'm sorry. I was right there. I was right next to Octavian, and I didn't do anything. I shouldn't have had to come and get you. It wasn't fair to make you be the one to . . . I should have been able to do it myself. Sorry." Nico just looked at him, and Will couldn't read the expression in his dark eyes. The midday sun fell across his bed and caught on his pale skin and in the shadows under his eyes, and Will suddenly realized that in that moment, Nico was quite beautiful. All his darkness and tension seemed to be temporarily balanced with sleepiness and sunlight. He had never been obviously attractive, and the words Will would use to describe him physically would not be the usual positive ones, but now he quite lived up to his surname. Of the Angels. It could have been the lack of stress, or the lighting, or the fact that Will was falling hopelessly in love with him, but for a second he had another word to describe the son of Hades. Angelic. Then Nico snorted and the moment was gone, dead and buried. The kid looked like death, as usual, and he was glaring at Will as if he had personally insulted him. "You are a fool, Will Solace," he said finally. " Yeah," Will thought. "I know." "To be perfectly candid, you are a naïve idiot who is entirely too trusting and has absolutely no sense of self preservation. If you did, you would not dare stand there before me and complain about not being able to hurt someone. Your taste in clothing is ridiculous at best, and any physical attributes are overshadowed by your complete lack of demeanor." Nico took a deep breath and continued. "I don't pity you, Solace. Healing, whether a gift or a curse, is what the gods have given you, and you are just going to have to get over it. If you don't want to heal people anymore, then just do nothing. I certainly don't care. But it's a pointless practice to condemn yourself for what you cannot control. So you can't choose to cause someone harm. Stop whining and leave murder to those who have experience in such matters." For once in his life, Will Solace could not think of anything to say. Nico yawned again and rubbed his eyes tiredly. It made him look like a little kid. "Besides. You don't need to be able to fight." His eyelids fluttered shut. "I can protect you." Will gaped at him as heat flooded his face, but Nico was asleep before he got his voice back. Oh Nico. This just my little headcannon, mind you. I like how it kind of evens things out between them. Review, pretty please with Nico on top?