to take more hits for that to happen. I rammed the shade's head into the tree five more times, and it was definitely unconscious. Somehow nothing had came after me. The shadows had all gathered around Percy and Annabeth, and there was no sign of help coming. I didn't hear any feet clattering against the ground, and no sound period. Nyx and Ananke had disappeared, thankfully. But Erebus was here, and he wasn't paying attention. The Sihlina was nowhere in sight. I found two silver hunting knives on the ground in front of me, with A and A on them both. I thanked Aphrodite and Athena quietly, and then I picked them up. I was back in business. I felt a tingle on my back, and then it just went into my entire being. I waved it off and went to help the other two. I slashed two shadows in half, and they vanished. That meant the arai were closer to the center. I heard an agony-filled scream which confirmed that thought. I was roughly knocked down to the ground, and a foot was placed on my back. I was a little disoriented, since the impact wasn't to hard, but it still hurt. I saw shades disappearing, and it was like that till nothing else stood. The foot wasn't on my body anymore, so I pushed myself off the ground. Nothing was there, I noticed. There was not a single person here other than Percy and Annabeth. The two were not in good shape, with their breathing shallow and cuts all on their skin. Blood poured out of the wounds, and it trickled down their bodies and clothes. It seemed like they hadn't even noticed the small ones, only the major ones. The daughter of Athena fell on the ground, and her boyfriend—that had a very, very bitter taste in my mouth—promptly caught her. He carried her into the camp, and I followed. This place was somewhat familiar, for the times I had left my Huntresses here. I kind of hoped they would be here, and they would just suddenly pop up here. But what Annabeth had said earlier sent that down the line: " Lady Artemis. What are you doing here at camp, without the Hunt? " That made it clear that they weren't here. They were somewhere around the United States, but they definitely aren't in Hades' realm. The Hunters could definitely take care of themselves for sometime, but even they had a limit. Everyone did, though some don't acknowledge it. Most gods and goddesses didn't, no matter the pantheon. I'd met Neith once, and she was probably one of the most level-headed goddesses I had met. Of course she had times when she was arrogant, especially when she had played a game against Sadie Kane and Walt Stone(I knew about that, since I actually watched other "mythological worlds"); but she was overall a nice person to be with. She, at least, knew when couldn't do something, but she would still try anyways. We ended up in a deep part of the Infirmary, with Annabeth laying on the bed. Percy sat on the other side of the bed, looking slightly downcast. He held her hand tightly; I could tell he was praying to every god that she would survive. (Talking from now time, I am seriously glad that someone did come up on that.) This was one of the more private rooms, and the only other people that came in were Annabeth's close friends, her family, and a few doctors. Mainly Will Solace and Kayla Knowles. It was weird how Apollo conceived children with mothers that had last names that were centered around the sun… well, mostly. Will and Kayla came in together, which was a first since they took shifts of keeping check of her vitals and things. Basically to keep her at regular health. They both had somber expressions on their faces, which told me that something horrible would happen. "What's the synopsis?" Percy was serious, and he looked very downcast. It shown in his eyes, just by the emotion shown in it. His eyes had darkened, too; they were a dark shade of the sea, like it was a stormy night. "We did the best we can," Kayla said, and I fully had expected that. I felt pain surge through my heart, and it wasn't just about the lost of another maiden. It was something deeper, stronger. I couldn't place it. I knew how this had felt for Percy, since I had lost my best friend, too. Zoë was one of my best Huntresses, and I knew she wanted people to continue on with her legacy. It hurt the worst for the death of her; and when Percy had suggested that I save her, I had died inside when I had said that I couldn't. It hurt worst than anything to have to watch my Huntresses die. It made it worse than that since they were in a relationship. "We're sorry, but Annabeth didn't make it. She was supposed to survive, but some other being influenced her going to Hades' realm. There isn't much we can do." Kayla had tears flowing out of her eyes, and so did Will. Annabeth, when she wasn't working, must have been a great friend. "No," Percy whispered, letting his tears fall freely. He grasped Annabeth's hand firmly, and it seemed he refused to believe the truth. I didn't believe either; why would somebody influence her death at the beginning of a new war, if we probably needed her? And then the weird happened. New story. I just can't stay on one story. It's weird like that. I try to focus on one story, but then I come up with another idea. I will try to stay on the this story. I will definitely try to complete this. But I hope you like it. I will definitely try to make it not be so rushed later on. Paix! — MS.R