reason to assume that!" Percy snapped. In a lightning fast maneuver, he disarmed Jason and sheathed his own sword. "I'm first mate, and Luke is dead. Do you know what that makes me?" "Captain," Jason muttered bitterly. Percy nodded. "And by your sworn oath to the gods, you're under my rule," he said. "Now stand down." I had to stifle a laugh. Gods? As in plural? What kind of idiots were they? There was only one god, our divine creator, and anyone who said otherwise deserved to be burned at the stake. "Besides," Percy continued quietly. "Look at her eyes, Jason." Jason cast a look at my grey eyes, and his own grew larger with realization. Slowly, reluctantly, he stepped back and nodded. "Right!" Percy bellowed. "Will, Piper, searched the crows nest for maps. The rest of you, loot the place. Anything of any sort of value I want brought back onto the Argo. Jason go back to the ship and arm the ballista's. Jason seemed to enjoy this. "Greek or normal fire, sir?" he asked. Percy considered for a moment. "She's a big ship," he eventually answered. "Greek fire, but make sure to shoot quickly. We wouldn't want to burn down the ship, now would we?" "No, sir," Jason smiled and headed back on the ropes, leaving me alone with Percy. Resentment and disgust bubbled in my stomach. Alone with a pirate. I would rather die than be held captive by the savages. And yet, when I looked into Percy's eyes, my heart leaped, just a little. I tried to ignore it, but it was definitely there. He stared at me cautiously, almost like he didn't know what to think of me. At a great length, he said: "You fight well." He didn't add for a girl , which I wasn't used to. Almost everyone said that, like they thought girls couldn't fight. Percy obviously new better. "I've had training," I told him obnoxiously. "Kings Court training, he best training in all of the world." "Clearly," he smirked, throwing his shield back over his shoulder. It was ingrained with Greek letters, and had a crescent shape cut out from the top of it— probably to fit a spear or sword in place. "That's why my men— Luke's men— were able to sweep yours aside like pile of dry leaves." I glowered at the insult. Savages! Had they met us on a fair battleground, without their shield or armor, we would have torn them apart. Percy caught the look in my eye and chuckled. "No need for that," he said. "Just pointing out the obvious." And then I had too much. How could this cocky, arrogant sea brat be laughing when he had just killed men? How could he be so happy when he had just seen his captain die? I drew my dagger— a last resort weapon, as I had never liked it. It was off balance and didn't fit well in my hand, but I had no choice now. I dove at Percy, aimed for his midriff. He barely had time to deflect the blow off his arm guards, surprised by my attack. I wielded around and slashed again, watching with satisfaction as my blade grazed his cheek and left a cut. And then is sword was in his hand, and his boot was coming in contact with my chest. I went sailing backwards, almost toppling over the railing but managing to steady myself. My dagger was gone, and now Percy's sword was against my throat. "This is Riptide," he growled. "Wielded by Hercules, defeater of Hyperion and blessed by Poseidon himself. It's killed more enemies then I've seen days in my life, and if you so much as point a pencil at any of my men again I will not hesitate to run you through with it and then offer your blood as a blessing to the gods. Do you understand? " His face was terrifying; his green eyes alight with fire. I had no intention of admitting defeat, although I wasn't very much looking forwards to being run through with a sword. And the nonsense he was spouting: wielded by Hercules and blessed by Poseidon? If he really believed in that I had no doubt that he was a fool. "Percy!" A girl yelled. "What're you playing at?" A girl appeared, with spiky black hair and electric blue eyes. She had a bow slung over her shoulder and a knife on her belt. "Nothing, Thalia," Percy said, sheathing his sword. "Just teaching her a lesson." "Do you even know her name?" Thalia asked, amused. She came to join us and looked me up and down. I glared back at her, and she nodded with approval. "Aye, that might be a problem," Percy agreed. They all had some sort of foreign accent to them that I couldn't place. It just made them sound dumber and dumber. "Annabeth," I supplied. "Annabeth Chase." "Are you related to Frederick Chase?" Thalia asked, slightly interested. I shook my head and explained how I was an orphan. I shouldn't be telling them this, really, but they weren't that bad. Savage, but not all as horrible as they were made out to be. "Hmm," Thalia said. "I knew Frederick Chase, once." "You did?" I asked, surprised. Thalia nodded. "He was a tough man," she smiled. "Took three arrows and a knife to kill him." Percy smiled wistfully, as if remembering that day. "Get back to the ship," he told Thalia. Then he turned to me, the anger in his eyes gone. "Walk with me." So? What did you think? Should i continue this? I really hope you guys like it, because I was actually kinda fond of this piece of writing. If you're confused about anything, drop a review and I'll happily answer your questions. Also, review saying what pairings you want in this story. Percabeth is a definite and Jasper is a probably, but if you want anything else tell me. Review!