is hit him with a pillow. Let me tell you it always did the trick," smiled Nico. "Thanks Uncle Nico. By the way we're ready to go," she said before running off to where he left the kids. Nico didn't get why Eli never got along with Jay. He'd met Jay before and he was an okay kid. He'd figure it out some other day. When they're older and they don't hate each other about Cooties. But about real things. /Break\ "Okay everyone Nico is going to be here soon with Megan and Eli. So get the movies you want to watch out and ready. I'll bring in the hot chocolate and they should be here by then," said Percy with a smile. All the kids nodded and went off to pick out movies. All but one. "Uncle Percy why are girls so complicated?", asked Jay as they walked to the kitchen. "What do you mean?", asked Percy amused. "I try and try to be best friends or at least friends with Eli but she always runs away from me complaining about cooties. I don't have cooties. I mean. Why doesn't she like me?", asked Jay as he tilted his head. "I don't know why. But word of advise don't give up she'll want to ang out with you once you've alked to her about it," said Percy picking up the hot chocolate tray while Jay got the cookies. "Okay but if this doesn't work out it's your fault," said Jay as he walked infront of Percy. "Their here," he heard Sadie yell. He walked towards the door to see them entering. "Hey Nico. Megan, Eli," said Percy. "Hey Perce," said Nico grinning. "Eli do you want to sit by me during the movies," asked Jay. "I don't know," she said slowly. "How about just the first one," asked Jay. "I guess," she said. "Okay awesome follow me," he said and the girls followed him. Perc noticed how Megan went straight to Sadie afer saying hi to Chase, Rich, and William. "C'mon you guys we wanna start the movie," whined Jace and Simon at the same time. "Behave you werdios," chided Clary. "Uncle Percy can we start the movie before the fight," asked Sadie with big round eyes. It's like she knew those worked on everyone. "We're coming," chuckled Nico. "ready for ten disney movies and barely any breaks," asked Percy. "of course I an. With you I could do anything," said Nico making Percy blush. They walked in and sat down behind the kids. /Break\ It had been a month since the first date Nico adn Percy had and Nico and Megan were almost always over there at Percy's either watching the kids or just relaxing they were always together. The kids really hoped that they'd get married. Nico was cooking while Percy help Willima and Megan with homework. The other two were in the kitchen as well. "When the food going to be ready Papa," said someone from behind him. He turned and was surprised that the "papa' came from Chase. "Chase," said Nico. Chase must have realised what he said because he said," Sorry". "If you want me to be your Papa that's fine you can call me that. Ijust don't want to push you kids," said Nico bending down to his level. "But why we love you a lot and we love Megan a lot why don't you move in. I mean you already live here so whats the hold up," asked Chase. "Yeah What's the hold up I want a sister that will let me put her into dresses. These two don't like when I do that," said Richard. "I'll talk with your dad tonight about it okay," said Nico. The kids nodded. "Now why don't you go get your dad and the others dinner is ready," said Nico with a grin. /Break\ "Percy before I leave I was wondering if I could move in with you," Nico asked at the door. "Of course you can but what brought this on?", asked Percy. "Today Chase and Rich called me Papa and said they wanted me and Megan to move in with them," said Nico. "Okay But before you move in I have to tell you something. I didn't know if I should tell you because I feared you would hate me after," said Percy. "You can tell me anything" said Nico in a soft voice. "The girl I knocked up in collage. It was your sister. See the thing is after I found out and told her I wanted nothing to do with it. I realised I did. I wanted that child. I went back to tell her I was sorry and that I wanted it even though she was just a friend but by the time I got there she was gone. No one knew where she went and I as heartbroken knowing it was all my fault she left and that the kid would grow up with out a father. I've been looking for her or her siblings then I found you. But I couldn't tell you hat because you'd hate me. And I get it if you never want to see me again-" Percy was cut off as Nico kissed him. "I'm a little mad but we can get past that. because I love you and nothing will ever change that," said Nico. "O-okay. Well I gues if your moving in you should met my family. My mom, dad, stepdad, older brother, and Younger brother. Although my dad and Titon are very over protective So maybe that should wait," said Percy thoughtfully. "Let me and Megan move in first before we met the family, Okay." chuckled Nico. A/n This took a long time to write so I hope you enjoy it and if you want I can make a squel where Nico and Megan met the family and they get married and all that. Just tell me and I'll work on it.