"Oh please! I don't get you; you act like an idiot, albeit the fact you're intelligent!" snapped Annabeth. Jason rolled his eyes. "What do you mean I don't spend enough time with you? We might have limited time together when I travel back and forth for both camps. But that doesn't mean I don't love having you around! Would you rather I stay at Camp Jupiter forever!?" "He can be so messy at dinner. No table manners," Katie admitted, shivering in disgust. "He always throws his vegetables on plate when I tell him to eat them. One time, when I put his vegetables back on his plate, he threw them on my head. Do you know how long it took for me to clean my hair?" "Who cares if I don't exactly kiss or hug you enough!?" Clarisse asked, annoyed. "It does to me. I always kiss your cheek and you act as if I'm a sucker for doing that." "What the hell am I going to do if my brothers see me like that? They'll think I'm a weakling!" "So?" snorted Christ. "You're the strongest camper in there and is the cabin counselor! You can beat them and make them beg for mercy!" Annabeth started to tear up. "Okay, maybe I was a bit mean by calling you a moron. And being bossy? It's just I get so prideful." Percy holds her. "I'm sorry. I guess I can be an idiot half the time, but I will always save you. You're not a damsel in distress, it's just monsters like to target you so easily." "I'm sorry." "I'm sorry, too." "I guess I can't blame you for something you can't control," Jason admitted. "It's just when you say something causing me to stop what I'm going to do, I can't help but feel like I'm not my own person. I'm sorry." "And I'm sorry. I should respect wherever you're going," sighed Piper. "We always spend a lot of time together and, even if includes monsters, I'll love spending it with you happily. No moments wasted." Jason and Piper were leaning to kiss each other. "So, the wedding's back on?" Aphrodite asked, her face stuffed with popcorn. "MOOOOOOM!" "I'm sorry, Katie-Kat." He leans in for a hug. Katie dodges his hug and ignores completely. "Katie-Kat, please? I—" Katie dives to hugs him. "I'm sorry. I guess I can be a bit of a stubborn, stern girl. I nag so much. Now, I feel like I might lose you. Don't leave me. Please." "Never." He hugs her back, securing her in his arms. "And, it's true; I should eat a bit more healthy food and be not a piggy eater at dinner. But, can I at least have one chocolate bar after?" "Of course." Katie giggled. "I am the strongest camper ever, aren't I? Next time they try and snicker, I'll punch them in the gut!" Clarisse smirked. "That's the spirit!" Clarisse turned to face him. "I'm sorry. I should be acting a bit more proper in our relationship. Maybe kiss you more?" Chris smiled. "I would love that." "Well, today's session ends now. You can go!" "Yes!" Percy and Annabeth shouted happily. No more sessions! Woohoo! "Thank goodness!" Piper said in relief. "No more mom embarrassing me!" "Well, thank you for having me," Katie said. "And me!" Travis added. "Yay!" Clarisse did her happy dance. "No more couples session time." She punched the air. "Beat that!" "But since you guys fought, you'll come back next week for another session!" "What?" Percy asked stunned. "NO!" whimpered Piper. "There might be even more 'Mom trying to embarrass me,' moments!" "Great. Just great," Travis said emotionlessly. "NOOO! I thought all problems were fixed!" Clarisse cried out. "That's it on 'Aphrodite's Couples Therapy!' Come back in the next three days for the next episode, featuring four different and new couples. Aphrodite out! Spread the love, people!" Credits Host: Aphrodite, goddess of love. Featured Couples: Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase, Jason Grace and Piper McLean, Travis Stoll and Katie Gardner, and Chris Rodriguez and Clarisse La Rue. Camera Man: Cupid Statue #23. Staff: Cupid Statues. (A/N: Next scenes are cut-out/blooper scenes.) "Again, why are we here?" Percy asked in annoyance. "Aphrodite's blackmail," Annabeth replied. "Oh." Percy blinked. "Can we soak her with water?" "No, we can't. She'll meddle with—actually, of course, we can. Why don't you"—she smirked evilly—"go ahead, Percy?" "Mom, did you just changed my clothes!?" Piper yelled, looking at the fabric surround her body. Then, she took out a compact mirror. "Ahhhh! Makeup! Why you on my face?" "Are we going to get any food?" Travis moaned hungrily. Then, he noticed the snack bar hiding in the back. "Ooh, burgers! Gimmie!" "Clarisse, did you seriously had to bring your spear?" asked Chris. "It's Olympus; not the mortal world. There's no monsters here." Then, a cupid statue comes by, talking into a head mic. He stops his talking, growls, and tries to claw Chris. In fear of his life, he widened his eyes and stepped behind Clarisse. "Okay, good call on the spear!" Jason sighed. "Piper, no need to get mad at your mom. Aphrodite has a mind of her own and we should ignore it. At least she's not in Venus mode right now; that would be scary as hell." He grimaced, remembering his visit with Lady Venus. "Um, can I get a glass of water?" Travis asked, after consuming most of the snack bar. "No? Okay, well. I'll go and find Katie-Kat, I'm sure she brought a bottle of water." He searches for her but she's nowhere to be found. "Katie. Katie! Katie! Katie, where did you go!?" Brought to you by Hephaestus TV. Aftermath Over 6.5 million views. He couldn't believe it! Aphrodite's project actually worked! His wife saved his channel from going out of business! He definitely will apologize for doubting her when she gets home. A/N: Episode #1 complete :D Hoped you liked it! #1 Revision: May 17, 2016