his face is genuine though, so full of goofiness and unrepentant for his actions that her heart aches and for a moment she can't breathe. "Problems with the boyfriend?" Her professor asks and Annabeth looks up. "No, no he's not my boyfriend, he's my—" She thinks about cold pizza on Saturday nights, about Barbeque Pringles and double coffee, crepes at her door, teases and smiles and I love yous and suddenly everything clicks into place. She's the world's biggest idiot. Her best friend's in love with her. Her best friend's in love with her. "I have to go," she says and without any other explanation, she's running across campus. She doesn't stop at her apartment to change, just throws her carefully crafted portfolio in the back of her car and revs it up. It's forty-five minutes to the aquarium and she doesn't stop, too afraid of talking herself off course to take her foot off the gas. She's still firmly on autopilot as she parks but she won't let her fears and doubts talk her out of this one. The stakes are too high. She has to pay to enter the aquarium and it's thirty dollars well spent when she recognizes the familiar green eyes near the Arctic exhibit. "Seaweed Brain," she calls and her heart thunders so loud she's surprised he's not deafened. Instead, he whirls around, an earbud falling out of his ear. "Wise Girl!" He's obviously surprised, his eyes lighting up like she's the most amazing thing in the world and God how did she never see that before? "What are you doing here, aren't you supposed to be meeting the Dean today—" he cuts off sharply as Annabeth drops down to one knee before him. She knows she doesn't look her best. Her eyes are half crazy, her clothes are weirdly professional and her breath probably smells like crepes but she doesn't care. "Perseus Jackson," she begins seriously, "I found an old note today, from when we were in undergrad and you asked me to marry you, maybe for the first time maybe the hundredth. I thought you were joking, just being that goofy kid that loved to make me smile. Today I think I realized you weren't just fooling around." Percy's eyes look panicky and she's more than a little afraid he might run so she reaches forward and steals both of his hands in hers, holding him there. "You're always there for me, you always have my back and know how to make me smile. Your humor is awful but I love it. Your lifestyle choices are questionable but they keep me on my toes and I love it. Some days I think I know you better than I know myself; you love the ocean and the waves and hate this stupid job because you know you can do more. You want to do more, to help people and animals and make things good in the world and I love that. I know when your smiles are real and fake and just a little too self-deprecating and I know how to fix those, but only if you let me. You like the chocolate crepes but never get them because they're too expensive but you'll buy me a whole box and be late to work and I love it. You are my pizza Pringles and I think I'm your Barbeque," Annabeth laughs and dammit she's crying now but she's also laughing; she feels so free, like a weight has been lifted from her shoulders. "We always say I love you but it took that note for me to realize just what those three words meant to me, to us. So I guess I've been the Seaweed Brain all these years but that's okay because they've been the best years of my life. What I'm trying to say—to ask—is, I love you. Perseus Jackson, will you marry me?" Percy gapes down at her, his mouth comically falling open and all bug-eyed. His mouth opens and closes, then opens and closes again. He hasn't bolted yet at least. Annabeth's heart hammers in her chest as the silence stretches on and her confidence begins to wane. What if her roommates were wrong? What if Annabeth was wrong? And if she isn't, they weren't even dating for goodness's sake and she just up and asks him to marry me, oh god, this is a disaster what was she thinking— "Oh my god," he finally gasps out. "Oh my god, yes, but I totally asked you first, but yes, yes." "And you totally sucked at it, I thought you were joking!" Annabeth is so relieved the words come out a sob and Percy's yanking her to her feet and pulling her close; her fingers tangle in his hair, his arm sliding around her waist and she can't for the life of her understand why they never did this before. He bends his head down and suddenly his mouth is on hers and she swears fireworks ignite. "You've been the Seaweed Brain all along?" he breaths into her mouth between kisses. "Idiot," she scoffs as she laughs and cries. "What kind of idiot proposes to someone for years and never makes it clear he means it?" "I meant it." Kiss. "I meant every," kiss, "single," kiss "one." "I know," now, she thinks but maybe, maybe some part of her knew all along. "Seaweed Brain." He grins against her. "Mrs. Seaweed Brain." She likes the sound of that. A/n During finals week last semester my friend bought me coffee and I asked them to marry me. Not actually an uncommon occurrence but it got me thinking and this was born. Tried out present tense for this fic! I'm still not sure how I feel about it but at least I can say I wrote a fic in present tense so yay. Shoutout to rhig122 for both cheerleading and betaing! Let me know what you thought and I hope you enjoyed ~ *