He hadn't looked up yet so I pulled Gracie into the laundry room before he could notice us. " What is it luke"? She hissed. " You want to get back at dad don't you? I said giving her a mischievous smile. " Well of course i do idiot that's why I am going down there" " Well I got a better plan" i said. And then she gave me one of her famous smirks that looked exactly like our dad's ." What did you have in mind"? I told her the plan and we entered the kitchen saying good morning to our dad just like every other morning. He gave us a questioning look as if to say "really". But said good morning anyway. " Did you have any trouble with the shower Grace?" my dad asked. Grace just gave our dad an innocent no that would've fooled our parents but not me. My dad in return gave her a small " oh" and returned to his paper. And at that split second when our dad turned his back on us we used our water powers and drawing water from the sink and totally sank him with the water. He himself wasn't wet since he was a son of poseidon but his cloths were which would mean he would be late for work which was just was we wanted. Me and grace burst out laughing as our dad stood there was an amused smile on his face. So that's how you want to play it huh" my dad said. And in return he sent a waterball at us making our clothes wet as well. And then all hell broke out as me and grace and dad had a full on water fight. " PERSEUS POSEIDON JACKSON" I knew that voice too well it was the our mom used when she was very angry. And trust me guys you do not want he make annabeth chase angry. And there she was in the front of the kitchen with both her hands on her hips. " what is the meaning of this"?. She demanded her husband. Now you guys may know our dad as the all mighty guy who defeated medusa and killed a much of monsters single-handedly. But when it came to my mom even he was hella scared. " Oh honey I can explain we were i-ii i m e-eaan"My dad stuttered at my mom's intense glare. And then mom did something I never expected she burst out laughing at how scared my dad looked. "oh relax seaweed brain I was only messing with you" And my dad started laughing and we all joined in. Grace Me and my brother cleaned up the kitchen with a swoosh of our hands since it was only was water.( I know pretty cool right?) After that me and luke grabbed some cereal went into the living room and plopped down on the couch and watched nemo while we ate. " Are you guys excited about the big reunion?" my mom asked us over her shoulder while cooking some eggs. "YEAH". Both me and luke shouted back. Our parents just chuckled at our enthusiasm. We were finally going to get together with all of our well demigods friends that is. We all lived together once we as in piper and jason and their kids, Frank and hazel and their kids, and leo and reyna and their kids but then we all moved to different places. Frank is dad's partner I know but they bo th said they wanted to expand the company a little so now the Zhangs are managing a branch in another part of California. I really miss them since we haven't seen each other since like we were 5 years olds. I know luke feels same way since we both been talking about it non-stop. We couldn't even get together for christmas. Anyway the parents all agreed it was time we all got together. So we were going have this big reunion at the big fancy hotel stay there over night. Then stay at camp-halfblood for the rest of summer. The parents thought the whole summer was way too long but we convinced them since we hadn't been to camp a lot either. I know what you're thinking what about your mortal friends? Well the truth is we don't really have any friends since well one people thought we some sort of bad luck charm. ( hence luke and the toilet water insiendent) and 2 we couldn't really let anyone close to us monsters or they would get our sents mixed up with there's and start attacking them too. Me and luke finished our cereal. And went to say bye to our parents since they since had work. " Bye guys remember if a monster comes like the last time at least try to clean out the golden blood afterwards". Me and brother just rolled ours eyes. The last time they were gone we had a monster attack, me and luke didn't get hurt or anything in fact we took them down pretty easily due to the fact that mom and dad always tell us to train. But had forgotten to clean up the blood so it left a mark on the wood. I didn't even know how that happened. Jason told me once that once you kill a monster it should just vanish into dust. But we said we would clean up if there was an attack anyway. The rest of the day was boring we trained some more, video chatted with grandma sally and grandpa Paul, and pretty much just watched T.V till our parents got back from work. We had dinner and mom made our favorite for dessert, blue pudding. I don't know what's with us Jackson's and blue food so don't ask me. And we watched a movie called Gravity ( which was horrifying) and went to bed feeling excited to for the big reunion tomorrow.