hear." "Yeah," Percy said, suddenly suspiciously. He narrowed his eyes at his friend, who tilted her head and raised an eyebrow. "What did you do?" "I just told the Lady that she had not visited her friend Amphitrite in a while," Annabeth said nonchalantly, but her eyes glinted and Percy laughed. "You're the best," he told her. And she was; he could not ask for a better best friend. Annabeth smiled, she knew it as well. They stayed there, playing cards (which somehow Luke kept winning, Percy was not convinced he had not stacked the deck) and telling stories, until the sun was low in the sky. "I better get going," Annabeth said with a frown, scowling at the sun. "Dad will be worried if I'm not back before dark." She looked peeved by the thought. "I'll escort you back my lady," Luke said with an elegant bow. Annabeth scowled, but even in the dying light Percy could see the flush spread across her face. "I don't need an escort, I'm perfectly capable of walking myself," Annabeth huffed, hugging Percy and Tyson before turning away with an offended air. "Aw, now I didn't mean it like that," Luke cooed, hurrying after her without so much as a goodbye. "Leave me alone Luke." Percy rolled his eyes. Those two. He bid Tyson goodnight and made his way back to the house, yawning all the while. He hoped the Nereids were in bed by now so he would not have to deal with them. But of course he was never that lucky. All three of them where not only awake, but gathered in the parlor when he returned. "There you are," Amphitrite snapped, motioning for him to come closer. "Where have you been? Never mind," She said coldly. "We've just received exciting news." Rhode rolled her eyes and Triton heaved a dramatic sigh. Percy frowned; surely Lady Persephone was not foolish enough to engage her daughter to Triton? Amphitrite waved a letter in her hand and, with a sly smile, announced. "The King is throwing a royal ball and entreats that all young people between the age of sixteen and twenty five attend." "A ball?" Rhode repeated, her attention captured, sitting forward. "A ball," Amphitrite repeated. "Filled with dukes and duchess, and -" she paused dramatically, her eyes fixed on Triton and lips curled into what once might have been considered a smile – "the unmarried Princess." This caught Triton's attention. He sat up and gaped at his mother. "Unmarried?" He repeated. "That's why they think he's throwing the ball," Amphitrite all but crooned. "To find her a suitor. Only, they do not want to be too obvious about it so the King invited young women as well. Just think of it!" Amphitrite stood up, her eyes dancing. "My darling Rhode captivating all the rich men with her beauty and grace. My dear Triton, dancing with the Princess!" Rhode cooed, her hand flying up to cover her smile. Triton continued to gape, but his eyes started to gleam. Personally, Percy thought they were taking this much too seriously. There were hundreds of young men and women in the kingdom. Why would the Princess want to dance with Triton when she could dance with literally anybody else? Sure maybe Rhode had a chance to meet a well-to-do husband, but really with all the people there what were the odds? More importantly however, he failed to see why this should matter to him. "I need a dress," Rhode cried, "And new shoes, and all my jewelry is dull and lifeless! Oh Mother, that simply won't do! And ribbons, I need more ribbons and pearls and -" "Of course," Amphitrite agreed, "and dancing lessons, because Triton can't dance to save his life." "But Mother!" "The Princess, Triton, this is the Princess!" "What color should I go with? Red matches my hair best, but blue brings out my eyes." "We'll ask the seamstress my dear –" " I need a new suit, something dark and mysterious -" Percy tried to quietly back out as the chaos erupted, Rhode twirling about the room and Triton tugging his mother's arm. "Perseus!" Amphitrite snapped before he could escape. "What?" Percy asked, confused. "Aren't you paying attention?" Amphitrite asked coldly. "I'll make a list of things you need to pick up tomorrow. And you'll have to take Rhode shopping, goodness knows she can't go without an escort, and find me a good dance instructor for Triton." And that's how it mattered to him, Percy realized bitterly. He sighed. "Of course." Amphitrite's eye twitched, her mouth reducing to a hard line at his tone, but Rhode impatiently caught her attention and he was free to go. He booked it out of the room and up into the attic. Percy collapsed on his bed, barely managing to kick off his shoes and pull on his pajamas (which really was just an old shirt of Triton's he snagged before it was thrown out). He curled up on his bed, trying to drown out the sound of the Nereids' excitement. Their town had thrown its fair share of balls and dances. Percy had never been able to attend a single one. He had listened to Luke and Annabeth talk about them. Of course, Annabeth tried not to, but Percy could not resent her happiness and often asked her to tell him about them. Luke had no restraints; he always told Percy about who he danced with and what so-and-so wore, and boy Percy you should have seen Annabeth's dress. This was different. The King invited him. Well, the King invited every young person in the kingdom but still. This was a once in a lifetime opportunity. A chance to meet people from all over the country side, taste food the likes he could never replicate, see beauty that existed nowhere else. To be able to see the King and Queen and Princess. Percy closed his eye, refusing to acknowledge the burn behind his eyes.