please him. Maybe I am cut out for this, like he said. "So….where do we stay? Like…are there cabins?" I ask. Luke stands up and brushes off the dirt from his jeans. "Yeah, there are. But we need to go see some people first. Make sure you know the people you'll be getting to know the most." I open my mouth and Luke wordlessly takes my hand, dragging me through the grass and up to a huge white farmhouse. I can smell the light scent of strawberries. Luke pounds up the steps and I have to nearly sprint to keep up. He walks around the wraparound porch and I see a man in a wheelchair and a short man with greasy black hair, a tiger print shirt, and a red, angry face. He holds a Diet Coke in his hand and shakes it around aimlessly. Luke walks up to them and again, I follow, staying slightly behind him. "Chiron, I came to check in. Make sure you knew I got here safely." The man in the wheelchair looks over the back of the chair. "Luke Castellan, I thought I would have to send out a search party to come and find you. What happened to never being late?" He says. Luke laughs again, but lighter. Happier. Weird. He's happier with this guy then me, his own sister. He's someone different. Well, I'm sure that he's spent more time here then with me. "Was I really that late?" He asks. The man chuckles. "No. But you were late by your usual standards." The man Luke called Chiron says. "Does escorting a new camper cut me some slack?" Luke asks. "Of course." Chiron replies, turning the chair to face Luke and I. So of course, I decide to look at my feet to relieve my nervousness, which barely does anything. "Allow me to introduce you to my younger sister, Natalia." Luke says, shoving me forward. I nearly trip from the force. When did Luke get so strong? I look up at Chiron and offer a weak smile. "Well, aren't you pretty! Are you sure Luke is your brother?" Chiron says cheerfully. "Only on some days, and the rest of the time I'm not even sure he's real." I say back. My voice comes out clear and concise, bright and bold. When the heck did I get courage? I had always hated talking to people. Especially people I am meeting for the first time. Chiron laughs and Luke blushes, rubbing behind his ear and looking up into space. "Well, it's a pleasure to meet you." Chiron says. I nod and smile, hoping Luke will say something. "You should get to know Mr. D. He's the other camp director." He continues. The man in the tiger print shirt holds up a hand in a small wave. "How old are you?" He asks. "14." I answer. He winks at me and makes a little kissing motion with his lips. Luke takes my hand and starts turning me around, calling over his shoulder "Always a pleasure seeing you." Then he rushes me down the steps and starts pulling me toward 12 buildings, all in a U shape. "Hey! What was that for? I was having fun." I laugh. Luke blushes again. " Di immortals ." Luke mutters. I smile. "I'm sorry. I didn't quite catch that. What were you saying?" I giggle. "The gods are so…flirty! I mean really! Mr. D was flirting with you." I blink a few times and register what he just said. "And what's wrong with me?" I ask. "Nothing. There is nothing wrong with you. I meant that you are 14, and he's a god that is thousands of years old." I laugh a little and then realize how gross that is. "What are we doing now?" I ask. "We're going to meet Annabeth." Luke replies with a little smile. Great. I get to finally meet the girl that has possibly been stealing my brother away from me all these years. Well, one of them. Thalia is the other girl I have yet to meet. But when I met Annabeth, I am going to give that girl a piece of my mind. Let her know that I hate her. Yeah, that is what I am going to do. Sounds like a good plan. We walk a little faster to the array of cabins, and Luke walks right up to a large grey one. He bangs on the door and a somewhat tall girl with honey blonde hair and stormy grey eyes walks out, shutting the door with one hand, hugging Luke with the other. I figure she's maybe my age. I stand respectfully behind him, allowing them to have their moment together. Luke clears his throat. "Annabeth, this is my sister, Natalia. Natalia, meet Annabeth Chase, head counselor of Athena cabin and one of your superiors." The word superior triggers a little pang of pain inside me. I hold out my hand and Annabeth shakes it firmly. "Luke, it has been forever since I have seen you." She says in a clear voice. "It's only been two weeks, Chase!" He replies. "It's still a long time, Castellan." Annabeth replies, punching Luke lightly on the arm. She blushes a bit and then starts speaking to me. "So, how would you like to ditch the old man and come hang out with me?" She says, jabbing a thumb into her chest. "Sure. Um…is that ok, Luke?" I ask. Luke nods and Annabeth and I head off. This is the time to confront her. "Have her at Cabin 11 in an hour. She needs to meet them." Luke calls. Annabeth holds a thumb up quickly, drapes an arm around my shoulders and then together she and I walk to the end of the row of cabins and then down a short pier to a lake. She sits down, and I sit down next to her. She looks at me, and then, she starts crying.