him. His face was smeared with dirt and some other weird black stuff, his hair standing up on every end. He looked just this side of frantic, eyes darting around the café. Paul had the fleeting thought that Percy might appear a little deranged and dangerous to anyone looking in and hoped nobody called the cops on them. "Hey Percy it's okay," Paul started to say. "Yeah, yeah, it's fine, it's all fine," Percy said, still gasping for breath as he leaned over slightly, bracing his hands on his knees. "I got this. It's past lunch but we can—" Just at that moment thunder rolled, the sheer ferocity of it practically shaking the building. There was a heartbeat of silence before the heaven's opened up and it began to pour. Rain pelted New York, harsh and unyielding, the sidewalks filling up in mere seconds. Percy stared out the window in horror, his eyes wide and mouth agape. "No! No, no, no that's not fair!" He shouted. "It's just a storm Percy," Paul said uncertainly, not sure why he was so upset. "We can—" "No, you don't understand, it was going to be perfect I had it all planned out," Percy complained furiously. "I finally convinced Mr. D to let me go for the day, Jason agreed to take my duties until I got back, we were going to lunch and I was going to tell you how I appreciated all you'd done and I got you a present that I'm pretty sure the monster ate and— " "Whoa, whoa, wait, what?" Paul asked, thrown and confused as he instinctively reached out to try and steady the slightly swaying demigod. Percy crossed his arms and collapsed onto one of the café chairs. "Happy Father's Day Paul," Percy muttered at the floor. Paul's throat tightened as he stared at the disgruntled, weary demigod. "You did all that for me?" He asked in wonder. "Didn't do anything other than leave you at a café all day and let a fire-spewing Hades-spawn eat your present," Percy grumbled. "Worse stepson ever." Paul leaned over and hauled Percy to his feet, dragging him in for a tight hug. He smelled like burnt clothes and something weird and mossy but Paul didn't care. "What are you doing?" Percy asked in confusion. Paul pulled back to look Percy in the face, beaming as he kept his hands on Percy's shoulders. "No," he said, squeezing Percy's shoulders and giving the demigod a little shake. "No Percy you are the best stepson anybody could ever ask for and I'm so proud to be your stepdad." Percy blinked, suddenly looking very embarrassed and maybe a little misty eyed. "Oh." "So proud," Paul repeated firmly, giving his shoulders one more squeeze as he grinned. Face still kind of red, Percy grinned a little in return. "So hey, what if we just get a pizza, rent a movie and head on home huh? Doesn't that sound nice?" "Yeah, yeah Paul that sounds great," Percy said, his shoulders relaxing. Paul slung an arm around Percy's shoulder and led the way out of the café. "But you're going to have to buy because I spent all my money on your present," Percy added as they walked away. "The present the fire-spewing Hades-spawn ate?" "Yeah that one." "And this will be your classroom," Paul said, smiling at the young woman behind him. Julia Hudson peered into the classroom, making the appropriate noises. "It's perfect," she said, smiling. Paul laughed, glancing into the barren, worn and slightly worse for wear room, "I don't know about that, but it's yours. So, my office is just down the hall there, room 232E you can't miss it, it has my name on it." The new teacher humored him and gave a laugh. The students were just starting to file in as Paul gave Hudson the grand tour, uninterested in their new fine art's teacher. A familiar flash of red and black caught his eye amidst the throng and Paul turned just in time to see Percy and his friend Rachel Elizabeth Dare, who Paul learned was actually the oracle, because of course she was, coming towards them. "Here meet some of your future students," Paul said, smiling and holding his arm out in beckon. "Ms. Rachel Dare and Percy Jackson." "You're the new art teacher?" Percy asked as the pair responded to the beckon. Hudson smiled back. "Yes I am, it's so nice to meet both of you. Mr. Blofis here was just showing me around." "You're in good hands, Paul's the best," Percy said sincerely, grinning over at Paul. "He's my stepdad you know." "I didn't," McName said, amused as she raised her eyebrows at Paul. "Yep," Percy said as the five-minute warning bell rang out. "So I should know; he's the absolute greatest. Good luck Ms. Hudson." Rachel gave them both a smile as her and Percy walked off to class. She said something and Percy laughed, waving over his shoulder at the two teachers as they disappeared into the building. "Your stepson?" Hudson giggled, raising an eyebrow at Paul. Paul grinned. "Yeah, yeah that my stepson, Percy." A/n Happy early Father's Day everyone! Paul's a good guy, Paul's such a good guy and I never give him enough credit. Seriously, this man's fantastic. Not all fathers are blood but that doesn't make them any less real or important. Paul's awesome, so here's 11k of Paul being quite possibly the greatest guy ever and Percy trying to tell him. I tried to make the timeline as obvious as possible, although after the ice cream scene I don't have a clear time in mind for when the next two happen. The up-all-night is vaguely after TLO but pre-TLH, and the panic attack is post-Tartarus. Who knows when the last two are, sometime after that. I hope this gave you as many feels as it did me. Please let me know what you thought and I hope you enjoyed ~*