rock and she had a slightly upturned nose. It's a Persian princess , Percy thought, then he shook his head, whatever that is . She looked as if she was just recently crouched behind one of the couches behind Percy, where he or the gods could see her. The bottom of her dress was slightly crumpled, her right knee was slightly poised higher, as if making an effort to walk quietly. He looked closely at her, narrowing her eyes. He's sure he has seen her somewhere before. She had a slight resemblance to his uncle Atlas, the Titan of strength and endurance; that's when he figured out where he's seen her. "Hesperide, what are you doing here?" Percy sneered at the girl, now identified as a Hesperide. She stumbled back and pressed her back against a wall when he sneered at her, obviously scared to death by the fact that a titan, especially someone like Perseus, a titan that was stronger than her tenfold, was angry at her; he, after all, had the capability to just smite her and make her cease to exist. He kept his eyes narrowed at her. His eyes were unyielding, cold and seemed to pierce through her soul. The hesperide was sweating buckets, fearing for her life, fearing that Perseus might kill her for eavesdropping; and that was very much possible. Percy stared at her for a couple more intense moments, contemplating what to do with her. For the girl, it felt as if hours have passed until Percy passed his judgement on the girl. Percy averted his gaze unto the floor, then looked up again. Then suddenly, as quick as lightning, his sword was freed fro its scabbard and leveled at her throat. She gulped, this is it, she thought. Percy held his position for a moment before he spoke, "If you swear on the river to never reveal to anyone, especially to a titan, what you saw just now, I will let you go and act as nothing happened, and so will you. However, if you do not wish to abide by my terms, I will-" "I swear to the Styx that I'll abide by your terms unless you say that it is alright for me to tell someone! Please, just spare me!" the hesperide pleaded with Percy. He let his sword hand drop to his side after sheathing his sword. He looked back up at her and she started sweating again. She's heard of the stories about titans, especially the males, doing whatever they wanted with women, as if they were their playthings. And, although Perseus has never been said to have ever disrespected a woman, you can never be sure about deities. He stared at her for a moment more before giving her a lopsided grin, something that Themis once told him he was famous for; well, at least among the titanesses. He then sighed in relief and ran his hand through his hair. The hesperide blushed, obviously she's never had a man smile at her like that before. "Good," Percy said, "What's your name, Hesperide?" "Zoe," was the girl's response, "I'm a daughter of Atlas. I like to call myself Zoe Nightshade, though." "Well, Zoe," Percy looked out of a window and looked at the time by looking at the moon's position, a nifty trick he learnt from being the god of night, "It's already around ten, better make haste now. It was nice meeting you." And with that said, Percy flashed out, leaving a startled Zoe Nightshade. She stood there for a while, thinking over what just happened. He certainly was scary, and handsome. Zoe deduced that she might hold a slight attraction to the titan. "And it was nice meeting you too," she muttered to herself before slowly walking out of the room. Line Break Percy thought about what to do. He had the titans of strength and endurance, destruction, war and hunter's skill right in from of him, waiting for him to surrender peacefully. He weighed his options, until he found a solution; Fuck it. He quickly stepped back inside and slammed the door behind him. He ran down the hallway to his living room, very much aware of the sounds of shouting from his pursuers and the loud sound of the door getting ripped off its hinges and getting thrown at the floor. He ran into the living room and grabbed his sword which was hung on the wall with a scabbard. He put the strap over his shoulder and continued running. He went to the couch and saw his bracelet on the desk, he grabbed it and put it on. He then started unfurling his wings and started running for the window; until he saw his unfinished cup of cocoa. He stopped and looked back towards the table, grabbed the drink and chugged it down. Right after he put the now finished cup of cocoa back on the table, his four pursuers walked in and cornered him against the open window. Who said Titans were smart again? Percy leapt backwards and through the window. He started to free fall until when he was fifty feet off the ground when he opened his wings and glided. He flapped once. Twice. Thrice. The more he flapped his wings, the higher the altitude he was gaining and the faster the velocity he was flying in. He shouted into the air; Hurrah! He kept on flying until a heavily blunted, bronze-tipped, grey arrow hit him right in the head, kicking him out; consciously and out of the sky. So... yeah... BAM! And there it is Ladies and Gentlemen, the first chapter of 'Perseus: The First Anemoi'. Just so that you guys know, Anemoi are the wind gods (Boreas, Zephyros, those guys). I would very much like to know what you guys think! Please Review, Follow and Favourite! With proper love, this story will blossom into one worthy of Rick R. himself. Well, that's it folks! Mr. Nifty, signing out...