do anything to keep you safe and happy. But, I am a selfish mother. When I first saw you, my precious boy, I wanted to keep you all to myself. I didn't want to share our time, our memories, with anyone else. Not even your own father. You could have known your father, but I was far too cowardly and selfish to make that call. And for that I am sorry. Your father's name is Poseidon Olympian. He's a renown marine biologist now. We only knew each other for a short time. He had just lost his family and was looking for some comfort. I provided that comfort. We grew quite fond of each other, but he got offered a major career opportunity that he couldn't pass up. So I let him go. He was still hurting and needed to spread his wings. He never knew I was pregnant and I never told him. Perhaps that was wrong of me, but I never regretted it. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me Percy and I love you more than anything else in the world. All I want is for you to be safe and happy, dear. Please, if I am gone, give this Poseidon a chance. He might surprise you. I can't bare the thought of being torn from you Percy, but even more I can't bear the thought of you sad and alone. Please give him a chance, for me. I love you so, so much. Don't ever forget that. Forever, your loving mother.'" Percy bowed his head, blinking away tears as his throat closed. Mayer gave him a few moments to recollect himself. "So, ah, when should I set up the meeting?" Mayer asked. "What?" Percy croaked. "The meeting with Mr. Olympian," Mayer said slowly. Percy frowned, clutching the letter his mother wrote. The letter he could never read. "I don't want to meet him," Percy snapped. "You don't -" Mayer stammered. "But - your mother -" "You didn't know my mother!" Percy said angrily. "I know, but -" It was too much. His head throbbed, a dull pain that reminded him too much of anesthetics and pain and loss, and it was too much. He needed to be alone, he just wanted to be alone. "Get out!" Percy growled, tears welling up in his eyes again. "Out, out!" "Now, just a minute -" "Get out! " Percy half shouted, jumping to his feet. "Get out, get out and don't come back!" "Okay, okay, calm down, I'm leaving," Mayer said quickly, "Just...here's my card in case you ever change your mind. And you really should stop and think - " "Out!" "Okay, okay," Mayer muttered and Percy heard his chair scrape against the floor as he got up, followed by hurried footsteps and, a moment later, the door opening and closing. Percy stood there long after the lawyer had gone, blinking back tears as his throat burned. Somehow he found himself in his bed, sobbing and rocking back and forth, clutching the note from his mother. He wanted his mom. Oh god, he wanted his mom. He dreamt in color that night, like every other torturous night. His mom was there, running her fingers through his hair and looking down at him with a small sad smile on her face. "I love you, Percy," She said, "More than all the stars in the sky and water in the seas." "I love you too Mom," he said, reaching for her hand only to be met with air. "Please, baby, for me." She pleaded and he somehow knew she was talking about the letter - about this Poseidon Olympian. "I don't want to, I don't care. I don't want a father, I want you," he cried, reaching out for her once more. Just like the last time, his arms passed right through her. A tear leaked out of her eye. "Please, for me." He woke up with tears on his face. The world was still dark. "Okay," he sobbed quietly, hugging his pillow to his chest, "okay Mom. I'll call, I'll call for you." He managed to get Gabe to dial the number for him. It took a lot of bribery and pleading, but eventually the man dialed Mayer's number to get 'that damn boy to shuddup'. "Hello, John Mayer to whom am I speaking?" Percy cleared his throat, fiddling with the cord to the phone as he reluctantly said, "This is Perseus Jackson...Sally Jackson's son." "Oh yes, Perseus!" The man cried, "Have you changed your mind?" Percy ground his teeth at the man's smug tone. "I want to meet Olympian." "Splendid! Oh, that's good news indeed, he'll be over on Friday!" "Friday?" Percy repeated, disoriented. What day was it again? How soon was Friday? "Yes, yes, that will do just nicely. So glad you called young Mr. Jackson, we will see you then!" "Wait, what day is it?" Percy tried to interject, but the lawyer had already hung up. Percy stood there in shock, holding the silent phone to his ear. "Gabe!" Percy hollered, "What day is it?" "Wednesday, don't they teach you anything at that school?" Came the nasty reply. Percy ignored him. Wednesday. He was meeting Poseidon Olympian in two days. He felt dizzy. "I hope you know what you're doing Mom," he muttered, putting his head between his legs. "God, I hope you know what you're doing." A/N Hello again, this is a sort of a continuation of my story From Amidst the Darkness, but from Percy's POV instead of his father's. Not all the chapters will be as choppy as this, but I felt that this style fits this chapter best. I don't know how many chapters this story will have or which parts of From Amidst the Darkness I will do, but there will be a few. Also, I am not a doctor nor am I blind so please forgive any mistakes. Until next time, I hope you enjoyed ~*