being evicted, sit with other Slytherins— a light tremor ran through his hands and Hades clenched them tightly. "Probably be—" Patroclus started to say when the compartment door opened and a sweet, plump witch poked her head in: "Anything off the trolley, dears?" And so chocolate frogs and Bertie Bott's saved Hades from answering. The boys ravaged the cart like starving lions, gorging themselves into a sugar coma that lasted the remainder of the trip. Hades barely touched his sweets, dark eyes fixed out the window as Hogwarts slowly came into sight, rising out of the horizon like a shadow, dark and looming. "First years take the boats to the castle," Patroclus told them as they gathered their belongings and made to exit the train. "Four to a boat, then you'll be brought to the Great Hall for the sorting." "Yes Mother," Achilles scoffed, rolling his eyes but stayed perfectly still as Patroclus fussed with his scarf. "We'll save you a seat, Achilles," Theseus grinned, thumping Achilles upside the head. "And you, Hades, if you get sorted into Gryffindor." Hades tried to make his face work, a voice rather like Hestia's told him a smile would be the appropriate response, but his face revolted and a simple nod had to suffice. "Don't let the Giant Squid get you," Hercules teased, grinning as he ruffled Achilles' hair. "See you soon, squirt." "Jerks," Achilles called, shoving the older boy away with a grin. "Aren't they jerks?" he repeated to Hades as the second years disappeared in the crowd. His eyes were painfully bright. "Come on, I can't wait to get sorted." Hades disagreed with the sentiment but followed the shorter boy as he paved the way down to the waiting boats. The lake was cold, some girl chatted his ear off on the left and a small boy, good lord was he really eleven?, tucked his too large cloak around him and nodded gravely along with whatever Achilles said. Hades couldn't be bothered to pay them any attention. Instead, he watched as the castle drew closer, the waves lapping against the boat in small sinister waves. He didn't hear the words the teacher that greeted them spoke either. He knew how the sorting went. Lord knew Kronos told the story of his sorting often enough—"Hat didn't even need to touch my head to know I was a true Slytherin". Then the Great Hall doors were open, the bright light of a thousand sparkling candles beaming like daggers right in Hades' soul as they were marched forward. Hades wondered if it was too late to make a run for it. It was, apparently, as Achilles excitedly grabbed him by the arm, hauling him forward. "There's Patroclus, over there! And look, Hercules and Theseus!" Hades' head spun, his senses overwhelmed. The lights were too much, the thick scent of wax and burning fire, magic buzzing across his skin—he was going to be sick. He wondered it if it would be appropriate to tell Achilles to shut the hell up. That was a Slytherin thing to do, wasn't it? Achilles' fingers dug into his arm. "That's me, that's me," he gasped excitedly. Hades hadn't even heard his name being called but Achilles turned painfully bright eyes on him. "I'm going to be Gryffindor," he said confidently, slapping Hades' on the shoulder. "Hope you are too mate, see you!" Hades watched, fully aware for the first time since the sorting began (five minutes ago, five hours, he couldn't tell), transfixed as the boy proudly made his way up to the front of the hall. The sorting hat was nothing impressive, a raggedy old wizarding hat on an equally antiquated stool. Achilles' steps never faltered as he approached and, with his head held high, took a seat. A faceless professor lowered the hat on his curly head. Hades didn't have time to hold his breath as the hat shouted: "GRYFFINDOR!" Hades closed his eyes, feeling as though the hat had personally stabbed him. Any hope he may have had disappeared, leaving Hades bone tired and defeated. Achilles knew he was going to be Gryffindor and he was right. There was no hope for Hades. He would face his fate with the dignity befitting an Olympian, Hades firmly decided, fingers digging into his palm as he stared fixedly at the floor. He was strong, made of stone, an iron statue; he would make his mother proud, bring honor to his family's tarnished name— "Hades Olympian." Dignity, grace, honor , Hades reminded himself firmly as he took careful, measured steps forward. Dignity, grace, honor. Dignity, grace, honor. He looked over the sea of students, eyes fixed on the candles high above their heads as he took a seat on the stool. It didn't matter if anyone recognized his name— Kronos Olympian, you have been found guilty of dark magic, traitor to the wizarding community, we sentence you to—dignity, grace, honor, Mother, Hestia, dignity, grace— Years later, Hades learned that the hat sometimes talked to people, had actual conversations with some students, muttered little observations to others. It didn't grace Hades with any warning of what was about to happen, simply opening its crooked mouth to cry: "HUFFLEPUFF!" A/n Surprise I'm alive and back with another crossover! Part 1 of probably 5 maybe 6. It was supposed to only be a one-shot but that's the story of my life. Logistical issues: the timeline is after Voldemort left Hogwarts but before he rose to power and I gave up checking Pottermore for every little detail a forever ago so all you die hard Potterheads will forgive me for any time-related mistakes. I can't be bothered to always look up what professors were around then or what books and I frankly don't care anymore. I had a lot of fun writing this so I hope you enjoy reading it. Shout out to the amazing rhig122 for betaing for me. Let me know what you thought and I hope you enjoyed ~ *