oddly heavy. "Yes," Poseidon gasped distractedly, pushing hair from Percy's eyes, fingers running across Percy's cheek, his jaw, back up to his forehead. "Yes, Percy a helicopter is coming. How long, Canace?" "Oh," Percy said, mostly to himself because Poseidon was talking rapidly with Canace. Poseidon's voice grew increasingly agitated. Percy didn't understand. He could feel the boat, bobbing up and down . . . up and down . . . up and . . . swaying back and forth . . . back and forth . . . back and . . . and. . . The sky over Poseidon's shoulder was blue. Like, really, really blue. Kind of dark. Was it growing late? Each breath weighed heavily in Percy's chest. He couldn't remember breathing being so difficult. "Dad?" His voice was soft even to his own ears. He tried to clear his throat. "Dad?" "Yes, Percy, I'm here, I'm here." Poseidon's entire attention snapped to Percy in an instant. "I'm tired." Poseidon's breath audibly caught. "I need you stay awake," Poseidon said, his voice cracking and shaking and just so, so wrong. "Okay, buddy? I need you to stay awake." He slapped Percy's face, his entire body heaving and trembling. Percy didn't want to upset him so he said, "Okay . . . until the helicopter gets here?" "Yes, the hospital is sending a helicopter." "Then . . . then I can sleep?" Poseidon's mouth opened and closed, head shaking nonsensically. "Not yet Percy okay? Just—just not yet, please." Percy blinked. He must have taken a long time because Poseidon was slapping his face again. "Hey, hey, hey buddy, hey Percy, look at me okay? Look at me buddy." Percy looked at him. "I don't hurt." "I know Percy, I know." "I'm tired." "I know Percy." Percy's brow furrowed. Poseidon's face was mere inches from his own, demanding Percy's entire attention. "You . . . tears," Percy murmured in confusion. He wanted to reach up and touch Poseidon's face, where tears were gathering in the corner of his eyes. His limbs wouldn't respond though so Percy just stared in useless confusion. "Dad?" "It's okay Percy, I'm here. It's—you gotta stay awake for me okay bud? We-we start school—middle school—you start middle school in a couple weeks. Grover, your friend Grover will go to school with you this year. That's nice, that's important. You need—you need to do that. And your mother, your mom needs you. I—it's her weekend you know, she let me take you out this weekend, we need to get you back to her, right? Your mom, your mom she loves you so much, we love you so much, hey buddy stay awake, okay? Stay awake with me Percy, stay with me—" "'M here Da'." Percy's voice sounded real funny now. Maybe . . . maybe it was that bad. Maybe . . . maybe he should be worried. Panic tried to settle in his mind but couldn't quite take root, his body too exhausted to properly support the excitement. "Percy, Percy—" His eyes had closed again. Percy forced them open, staring up at Poseidon. He couldn't remember ever seeing Poseidon afraid before. His dad wasn't supposed to be afraid of anything. Percy wished he wouldn't look like that. "How long?" Poseidon screamed, torn and raw and it would have been frightening if Percy could've mustered the effort to be alarmed. Nobody answered Poseidon. Poseidon leaned back over Percy, cradling his head gently but firmly. Percy thought he might be rocking back and forth, but maybe that was the boat, maybe it was the sea. Percy couldn't tell. He could barely feel it. He was so tired now. Poseidon wouldn't let him close his eyes; he slapped Percy's face, talked and shouted and begged and Percy tried to listen, he did, he really did . . . "Almost, almost— there , there do you see them?!" "The helicopter's almost here, Percy, help's almost here," Poseidon gasped, fingers combing through Percy's hair, across his forehead, anywhere he seemed to be able to touch. "You're doing so good, buddy, okay? I'm so, so proud of—they're here, Percy, okay, help's right there, just one minute, just one minute more." "I'm cold," Percy whispered and he thought that maybe he was scared now. Tears ran freely down Poseidon's face, hands uselessly petting Percy's face. "I know baby, I know, just a little longer okay? Just a longer for Dad, just a little longer, they're almost here, they're right there, just stay here with Daddy okay? Please oh god please—" Something was threatening to drown out Poseidon's voice. Percy felt tears pricking his own eyes, only he couldn't seem to be able to cry, and he just wanted to hear his dad talk, just wanted to see his dad but Poseidon was pulling back, talking to someone—no, don't leave— "Dad?" Poseidon was leaning back over him, talking, words that didn't make any sense. Who was going to take him? No. No, he didn't want to go anywhere, he wanted to say with Poseidon. Why couldn't Poseidon—? Didn't they know that Percy needed Poseidon, he needed his dad— "—love you, it's okay, it's gonna be okay, I love you—" Then Poseidon was gone but other people, maybe other things, were there. He was moving, maybe, something was pressed against his face, but he couldn't feel it, he couldn't feel anything, he couldn't— He lay suspended again, floating. Was he back in the water? No. No, Poseidon wouldn't let that happen. . . Noise. Lots of noise. Or maybe no noise at all. He could move his head now, although it took all his effort and might. He saw blue. Splashes and dances of blue. Someone moved his head back and he saw dark, shadowy blurs. "Dad?" Stat and oh neg, shock and hypovol-something. Stolen and borrowed words. Where was Poseidon? "Dad?" He couldn't see anything now. Nothing hurt. "I'm scared." . . . . . . Dad? A/n Sharks are not evil.