as he took another sip of his not-wine. Percy shrugged, looking resigned, "I never do." He glanced at the menu before his father curiously, "Do you guys actually eat mortal food?" "Not if we can help it," Apollo admitted. "But sometimes it's unavoidable, like when I was wooing this girl once. She was really into – " "We prefer not to. It just doesn't taste as good," Poseidon said, raising his voice ever so slightly to be heard over the sun god, handing his menu to Percy. "Except for the work of a few exemplary mortal chefs. Just bring out whatever you think best – it's for appearances more than anything." "Because apparently we're staying," Apollo muttered as he handed Percy his menu, looking resigned. "Just choose something with an inoffensive smell please, I don't know why you mortals must create such pungent smelling dishes – " Percy let Apollo ramble, smiling faintly as he took the menus. " – and for Dionysus' sake bring me something else," Apollo pushed his wine glass forward. "Preferably with real alcohol." "I'll try," Percy said indulgently. "Percy," Poseidon started, commanding his son's complete attention. Percy paused, his head tilted curiously. Percy was paler than Poseidon would have liked and he had to clench his hands into fists to resist the urge to reach out and lay a hand on his son's shoulder. "I would ask you join us," he told Percy, steadily holding the demigod's gaze. "I would, gladly. But it would not be wise." He could go into the reasons why it wouldn't be wise; that Zeus would be furious enough to learn that Poseidon and Percy were in the same space as each other, that he did not leave when he first noticed his son's presence, that he lingered and engaged… The words wouldn't come, however, but instead left him staring regretfully at his child, who had sacrificed so much, who deserved so much more than he received. Percy nodded, that faint smile still in place on his face. He didn't look upset. "I know," he said simply. Then, nonsensically, "Thank you." "Excuse us, sirs," the stout manager interrupted, taking Percy by the arm. "I need to borrow him for a moment, your food should be out shortly." "They want something inoffensive, do we even have a dish like that?" Percy asked loudly as the manager ushered him away. "The water probably," a passing waitress smirked and the two of them shared a laugh as the manager bristled, grumbling as he pulled Percy inside the kitchen. "You realize you're just getting us into deeper trouble," Apollo pointed out. "Only if Zeus notices," Poseidon calmly replied. "Now, tell me about this favor I owe." Percy brought their food shortly thereafter, shrugging when they asked what his manager wanted. "Threatened to fire me again," Percy said, unconcerned. The food was offensive, but it wasn't like they were actually eating it. It steadily disappeared throughout the night – Percy didn't ask and they didn't explain – as he kept checking in on their table. It wasn't much in the term of quality time, Poseidon only stole a couple minutes of his son's time here and there, but it was more than he ever had before. He would take it. "Poseidon," Apollo warned as the night grew deeper and the restaurant quieter. "We should leave." "Probably," Poseidon agreed, watching his son clear off a table, almost dropping a plate and crouching low to catch it. "You managed to steal several hours," Apollo said, his voice as low as the dim lights that swung above their heads. "It is more than most of us get." "I know." "Saying goodbye will only make it harder to leave," Apollo warned, standing up. The youth faded from his vintage as he stood, his features sharpening until he appeared the same as when he walked up to Poseidon on the beach. "It always does," Poseidon agreed softly. Across the room, Percy's head turned, as if catching his father's words. When Percy returned the table a few minutes later, it was empty. He squashed the part of him that was disappointed, knowing that it wasn't fair to be angry or upset as he sighed and collected the empty dishes. As he picked up the last plate, he gaped at the table in surprise. Laying neatly under his father's plate, three crisp bills waited, the number along their green edges in the triple digits, Benjamin Franklin winking up at him. Next to the mortal money, three gleaming drachmas waited. But when disbelieving fingers reached out, they didn't go to the mortal dollars or the golden coins, but rather folded around the third currency that sat beside them. Percy picked up the worn sand dollar, turning it gently over in his hand as a smile found its way onto his face. "Thanks, Dad," he whispered into the night, slipping the sand dollar into his pocket for safe keeping as he collected the rest of the money. Then, as an afterthought while he returned the dishes to the kitchen he added, "and thanks to you too Apollo." A/n This started out as a silly little idea I had that was supposed to be funny. Where did all the seriousness and heavy stuff come from? I don't know, it just happened. I don't even think I could label this as 'humor' as I originally intended. Percy seems like the kind of guy who would totally do something like this, and become progressively more protective and aggressive as he befriended the girls. That favor Apollo wants has something to do with whatever he did to anger Zeus enough to turn him into a mortal (vague 'Trials of Apollo' reference is what I'm saying...and Poseidon is not going to be much help, sorry Apollo). This is, in fact, going to be a two-shot, but I'm not entirely sure when part two is coming out. Please tell me what you thought and I hope you enjoyed ~ *