backed away nervously. I put the bottle of toilet cleaner between us as if that were enough to protect me. "Um, excuse me." I pushed past the girl who protested my departure. I heard her yell wait and walked over to the prize counter. They had found me. The schools had warned the authorities and now they were going to send me to some sort of jacked up protection agency. How had they found me? I had made sure I covered ever track, every single disappearance. I cursed silently and blindly handed a little boy a stuffed bear in exchange for his tokens. I saw the girl walk out of the restroom, pay, and leave. She gave me one last stare and left. My shift went by sluggishly, as if knowing I had no time for time. I had to leave the area. I had to leave town. At exactly eleven I clocked out and left. I felt bad about leaving without any notice but I didn't have any time for that. Pericles was waiting outside for me when I walked out. He was wearing an orange shirt and some khaki shorts with white Reeboks. His hair was tussled up more than usual. He looked up when he saw me and gave me a small smile. "Hey." I said nervously giving him a halfhearted smile. He looked puzzled and cleared his throat. "Hi?" his voice was different. Just slightly. "Are you ready? My shift is over now." He backed away. I saw his hand go to his right pocket. "Do I know you?" he asked suspiciously. He seemed to have gotten over his confusion and was now staring at me. "Is this some kind of joke, Pericles? Because, it's really not funny if it is." I snapped angrily. Why was he acting this way? He narrowed his eyes and took a cheap ballpoint pen out of his pocket. "I don't know a Pericles. My name is—what?" He suddenly looked behind me. I turned and saw—Pericles. In the same outfit he had dropped me off earlier. I looked at both boys and saw a striking resemblance. They could be twins. Pericles looked at Not Pericles and stopped walking towards me. All of a sudden I saw the blonde girl walk up to Not Pericles and I saw her stiffen. "Percy, we have to go. I'll explain all of this later." She said to Not Pericles. Percy took his eyes off of Pericles to take a quick glance at the girl. Her eyes told him something because I saw him light up in curiosity. He looked at me and studied me. "It's her, the one the gods have been looking for. She's the legacy." She turned toward us with a crazed look. "Come with us." Pericles walked over to me and tugged on my arm. When he found I could easily be pulled along he did just that. He seemed to want to get away from that bizarre meeting. "El, we have to go." I let him pull me to his car and barely noticed when he pulled out of the parking lot. "Did you know that guy, Pericles? Or that girl?" I asked. "No, that was so strange. He looked exactly like me." he pondered over that, troubled. He paid barely any attention to the traffic lights and almost ran a red light. He slammed hard on his breaks and I rushed forward to slam my head on the dashboard. I moaned and grabbed my head in pain. He glanced my way and saw me cradling my head. "Oh shoot, are you okay? I'm sorry." I gritted my teeth and gave him a hard smile, "Fine, just fine. Be a little more careful, please." The light turned green. He apologized again and continued driving. Eight minutes later he pulled up to the apartment building where I lived and we got out. I let him in and went over to the greeting desk. "Is the landlord here? I have the payments for this month." I said, trying to sound older than what I really was. False documents went a long way. The receptionist shook her head but assured me she would give him the payments. After a moment of asking her to please, please, please, give him the envelope—I said it loud enough to where the cameras watching would pick up the conversation—I left the money with her. Pericles followed me with his hands in his pockets. His expression was distracted and confused. He was clearly not all here, just as he was in the car. I rubbed the side of my head and tried to ignore the pain. I needed some aspirin. I fished the keys out of my pocket and unlocked my door. "Well, thanks for the ride to work." I tried to sound thankful and not tearful. I wouldn't be able to see him after tonight. Even if the authorities weren't after me I still couldn't stay here. I had to move and start all over. People had found me, people I didn't know. I'd feel much better if some old school was searching for me. But it wasn't, it was strangers. I wondered if 'gods' was a code name for a group. And what was a legacy? Pericles stared at me for a moment. "I'll see you tomorrow, right? I know it's Friday but since you don't have school the next day, we don't have to worry about homework…" he trailed off. I gave him a tight lipped smile and nodded what I hope was enthusiastically. "Yeah, sure. See you at seven." I said quickly, gently shoving him out the door. I shut the door in his face and tried not to cry. I went into my bedroom and packed up my things in the boxes, this time had lasted longer. Seven months without someone getting suspicious. That was a new record. Tears streamed down my face. Hey I was used to it. Besides, I liked being alone.