innocently, only to get a slap from Annabeth and a shock from Thalia. "I didn't mean it like that!" Percy yelped before the two girls could kill him. The rest of the group laughed at Percy, before Chiron said "Nico, you're taking Percy and that's final, okay?" "Fine," Nico grumbled. Percy chuckled to himself before leaving quickly to get ready for the rescue mission. When he walked out of the room, Annabeth was waiting outside, with a smirk on her face. "Try not to get killed without me, seaweed brain." "Oh, we both know I'm gonna get killed by you for being way too annoying one day, wise girl." Percy said back. Her smirk had softened a bit before she grabbed his hand. She paused a bit before looking him in the eyes, and Percy's fourteen year old feelings suddenly did somersaults in his stomcah. "I'm being serious alright. Be careful." "Um-, uh." Percy stuttered before regaining control of himself and saying with his usual, cocky attitude, "Of course, safety's my number one priority." "Oh really?" "Yeah, totally." "What about that time you jumped into the mouth of a nemean lion in order to kill it. Or the time that you created a tidal wave that knocked both you and a hydra of the side of a cliff. Oh and how about that time when you charged down three drakonborn at once, or when you-" "And am I still here?" "Well, unless you aren't really Percy Jackson which seems unlikely, since not even the best of imitators could be as stupid or annoying as you seaweed brain." "Exactly, so I was being completely safe." "Well, when you come back with no scratches on your body what so ever, I'll give you all of my popcorn tonight when we go to the theatre with Luke and Thalia tonight, and when you don't, you can give me all of your popcorn." "Your on, wise girl." "See you later then seaweed brain." "You too, wise girl." Annabeth continued to hold Percy's hand for a second, before a voice sounded from down the corridor. "Annabeth, when your done making love eyes with kelp head, I need your help with these capture the flag plans." that would be Thalia, then. Annabeth and Percy both flushed in embarrassment before rushing off to join Thalia. Luke walked up behind him and gave him a pat on the back. "Good luck today Perce," he said, "and you better come back, otherwise Annabeth will probably find a way to kill Kronos, and then I'll lose my bet to her that she wouldn't rule the world, and I'd owe her five bucks." "So the reason you want me to come back alive is because you'll owe Annabeth five bucks?" "Well, there's other reasons too, but that's probably the main one." Percy chuckled, before heading off to Nico. He turned around and said "Don't worry Luke. I wouldn't dream of losing your incredibly hard earned money." "Hey, Clarisse just kinda left it out. You expect me not to take it? I'm just training everyone to keep better care of their possessions." "Very altruistic of you." Percy said as Luke chuckled and walked off. Percy reached Nico and Grover who had watched the entire thing go down. Grover was wearing a plain green t-shirt and brown shorts. He had a small dagger on his waist, but Grover wasn't one for fighting. Nico had black jeans on that were pulled up by a mythic steel chain and a skull t-shirt on. His long black shaggy hair added to the whole darkness thing, which was quite appropriate considering Nico's powers. Percy on the other hand, was kitted out in fool combat gear. He had a celestial bronze breastplate, grieves, bracers, and even had celestial bronze plating on the end of his boots incase he wanted to kick someone. Underneath he was wearing shorts and an orange camp Half-Blood t-shirt. He didn't get how Nico could wear black, ankle length jeans in the middle of summer at the equator, but he did. Maybe it ws because they were two thousand meters up a mountain. "So, Perce, when are you gonna tell Annabeth?" Nico asked. "When you tell Will." he replied. "That's different, I have no chance with Will." "And why's that?" "Because he's straight." "You sure?" "Trust me, Percy, I know when someone gay." "And here I was thinking you were bad with people Nico, and yet here you are telling me you know Will is straight." "Either way, it's different, because you and Annabeth are both like eights and nines, where as Will's a ten, and I'm like a four." "You are not a four Nico." "Yes, I am, I'm small, I have no muscles, I'm pale, I have hair that makes it so nobody can see my face." "Yeah, your cute in a sort of emo way." "Really?" "Totally dude" "Guys, when you're done talking about your crushes, we have some demigods to save." Grover piped in for the first time in the conversation, and Percy smiled. The first few times they had gone on a rescue mission, Grover had hidden in a corner until they could find another searcher to help them find the demigods. Now he was actually rushing them to get on with it. "Good luck boys, and stay safe." Chiron said, showing up beside them. "Don't worry, we will be Chiron." Nico said in a rehearsed voice. Chiron just gave them a small smile. "Good. Now off with you, I have a meeting to get back to." Percy smirked at their teachers attitude. After three-thousand years training demigods, he was quite used to sending them off on dangerous missions. As they walked into the big houses shadow, they all grabbed hands. "You ready guys?" Nico asked. "You bet." Percy responded. Grover just nodded his head. "Here we go then, and get ready to throw up." Nico said before shadow travelling them to Thebes. Was that any good? Please R&R