a normal life and talking telepathically wasn't very normal. He knew he was running away, but he was fine with it. Rhea told him to be normal, so he was going to be normal. Cursing he started to power walk back to his loft. He knew he could beat Artemis there, he was always faster than her, but he was in public and he couldn't cause a scene. He saw another flash out of the corner of his eye. "Damn it, Arty, can't you just leave me be?" He thought. He loved his sister, but she was a pain, she wanted him to go back to being a god. He always felt weird, without domains or titles, it was like being an outcast. Thats one of the reasons he left that life behind. As quickly as he could, he ran into a coffee shop and sat down in the back. He knew that he couldn't hide here but with all the people her, Artemis couldn't do much to him. He shrunk into his seat when she entered the shop, walking his way. "Percy," Artemis said cooly, "you need to come with me… to Olympus." He looked at her in a shocked way, why was he needed there? No one other than Arty and Apollo knew about him. Now, suddenly, he was wanted there. This made no sense, unless Zeus had found out, but no one would tell him. He knew they wouldn't, or would they? "You told him didn't you…?" He asked quietly. "I had no choice, Apollo spouted a prophecy about the 'unclaimed god' and 'golden eyes'. Zeus searched all of our memories and found you in mine. I had to tell him Percy, or he would have threatened the only family I have. I can't lose them. I just can't…" She said, almost on the verge of tears. He couldn't stay mad at her, he knew from stories how terrible Zeus was and what he would do to any who opposed him. Zeus was cruel and unjust. He got up and hugged his little sister. She held onto him for dear life, quietly sobbing into his shoulder. She would never show this much emotion around anyone, well anyone except Percy. He knew her all too well. He could always tell when something was bothering her or when she was angry. It must have been a sibling bond. "We will get through this Arty, let's go." He said to her after a moment. "Really? But what about your freedom? You know what Zeus will do when he finds out about you. Any unclaimed god who shows up on Olympus will receive their domains, with or without their consent. (AN: I don't know if that is true but it helps the story) With golden eyes, I can only guess what your main domain will be." She said in a rush. Percy will be executed instantly. "Zeus can do what he wants to me but he won't hurt you or the hunt. I won't allow it." He said firmly. He walked outside and into the with Artemis following behind. They promptly flashed to Olympus and headed to the throne room. Percy was slightly nervous, after all these years, he was finally getting a domain, a purpose. He only wished his mother was here to experience this with him. Pushing open the doors, he was greeted by fourteen faces, all full of mixed emotions, mainly curiosity. He was new and they obviously wanted to know about him. Zeus looked pissed. Apollo was shocked that he was actually here. It was funny to see how they all reacted to him being here, but now it was time to get down to business. "Who are you Godling?" Zeus bellowed Percy looked up at his father, and said, "My name is Perseus." Everyone looked at him with confused glances. Perseus was dead, he died thousands of years ago, but this man, who looked nothing like him, was declaring to be him. It angered Zeus to no end. "Do not disgrace my son's name by claiming to be him! Who are you?" Zeus yelled, enraged. "I was born before that demigod, Zeus. So do not say I disgrace him. I am just an immortal who has wondered the globe for years. I never expected you to find out about me. I lived a peaceful life with my adopted mother, and never wanted this life." Percy said in a monotone. There was a flash, along side a portal, which appeared to be made of galaxies. Out of the portal stepped a teen in a hoodie and black jeans. His hair was al black as night and his eyes contained little universes in them. Next to him, stood the three Fates. They acknowledged each other, then the teen started to speak. "Olympians, I am Chaos." He said, "This godling is my champion and shall not be harmed." He nodded to the fates, as if signaling them. "All hail Perseus, Son of Zeus and Metis, God of Time, Space, Reality, Ice, Night, Angels, Thought, Revenge, and Fate, the Thirteenth Olympian, Champion of Chaos, Successor to Zeus." They decreed before blasting Percy with a golden beam. Percy fell to the floor with a thud. Chaos walked to him and simply cast a black mist over him. "He has been given my blessing." He told the Fates, and with that they flashed out of the throne room. Everyone was shocked, but none more so than Athena and Zeus. Athena, because she had a twin brother that she never knew about. Zeus because that horrible prophecy was coming true. He thought that after he ate Metis that he wouldn't have to worry, that he would be king forever, but now his problems stood before him, and he wasn't happy. "What!" Zeus thundered, shaking the whole throne room. This wasn't going to end well. Well, there's Chapter One. I hope you guys give good feedback and I will update soon. MusicWriter12 Out, Peace.