and his curiosity got the best of him, so he looked up at the figure standing in front of his neighbors desk. He noticed it was the same boy who was studying. His blonde hair now did not cover his face and Nico got a good look. The blue eyes and the freckles that sprinkled across his whole face were very familiar. "Sure Will." Lou Ellen responded. Then it clicked. After hearing the name again, he remembered. Will Solace. Will Solace was a year ahead of him, but they had attended the same Jr. High. They were never close, but he'd remember that mop of blonde hair anywhere. Although he looked the same, he looked much taller now, and had a little more muscle. He was wearing the clothes he typically wore back in middle school: a surfer shirt, jean cut off shorts, and flip flops. He wore rainbow bracelets and a beaded necklace. This boy naturally looked like he belonged in Australia on the beach. "Thanks." It seemed like it took forever for him to answer, or maybe it was just because a thousand thoughts popped into Nico's head at once. "I had to get away from Cecil for a minute. He couldn't stop commenting on every little thing he read. And he wouldn't stop stealing my eraser.'' Lou Ellen giggled for the thousandth time today and rummaged through her pencil case for Will. There was a comfortable silence between the two, as Will hummed a tune Nico didn't recognize. He finally noticed who his long time friend was sitting next to."Nico?" Nico shook some hair into his face to try and cover up his embarrassment. Will probably noticed him staring. "Solace." he greeted, for that is what he had always called him. Lou Ellen looked between the two. "You guys know each other?" Will waved his hand and took the pencil she handed him. "Well sure. Nico and me went to the same middle school. Though honestly, I didn't expect to see you in this class Nico." Nico's signature scowl returned to his face and he blinked. "Gee thanks." Will shrugged, rolling the pencil in his fingers. "I didn't mean any disrespect. I just didn't think history was your thing.'' The dark haired boy set his highlighter down. "It's not. And as far as I can remember, it's not your's either." The blonde teen now loosely held the pencil between is fingers and pointed at Nico. "Yeah, but this is an average class for me. For you, little guy, it's an advanced class." Nico gritted his teeth and narrowed his eyes. "Do not call me little guy. " Will shrugged. "Whatever dude." Nico sat back in his chair, arms crossed. "Just go away Solace." Solace grinned and headed back to his seat. "This won't be our last conversation." He said over his shoulder. Surprisingly, Lou Ellen didn't comment on that little encounter. However, Nico did hear the girl silently squeal to herself. He groaned. He always thought of Will as 'laid back'. If you minded your own business, he would mind his. But apparently he was quite the opposite. It was very opposite really. Most people don't take to Nico as easily as Will did. By the end of the class, Will hadn't even glanced in Nico's direction. Nico was a bit worried he might have offended his classmate, but then cursed himself for thinking that way. Why would he feel bad anyway? He didn't do anything wrong, Will was the nosy one. The one thing that did surprise him was the fact that the blonde boy didn't even try to speak to him after class. Will just grabbed his stuff and left, without a word. For some reason, Nico figured it would be like some cliche movie Hazel made him watch. Where the guy would constantly follow the girl around the school, and she would constantly push him away. Until eventually she falls for him and they get together. Nico hates how in movies they leave out the parts where the happy couple eventually breaks up or they die. Nico blinked away those thoughts though, still confused as to how his brain had even considered it. He didn't like Will Solace, and Will Solace certainly did not like him. Either way, even if the scenario did play out that way, it would make him the girl. Which was not okay. He finished up at his locker, then set off to find his sister. He waited in front of the school, where she showed up with her friends Leo and Frank. They waved at him, and he responded with a nod. He was a bit surprised when Hazel ran up and embraced him, but he accepted the hug. They headed for home, and to start conversation, Hazel asked, "So how do you like Mr. Blofis' class?" Hey guys! Okay so it kind of sucks but im experimenting! So main couples will probably be Percabeth, Solangelo, Frazel, And Jasper. (Wasn't originally gonna do a lot of Jasper but it kind of just happens) Then probably eventual Caleo. Anyways, I have chapter two typed out all ready, and i was originally gonna type it all out first before i posted anything but i just couldn't wait. So sorry if there is a long gap between updates. And yes i did make a reference to Magnus :P Couldn't help it i love that guy! He is like Persassy Jr. Also, I have no idea where this is going so feel free to PM me with ideas. (keep it clean. i will probably have a few curse words here and there, just to make it realistic. But no weird stuff please) And if you noticed, I'm gonna try to make the chapter titles weird, like they are Percy's POV. I just love Uncle Rick so much I have to steal his crazy chapter ideas. Also, sorry for mentioning Nico in, like, every persons POV...OH WAIT NO IM NOT! ^-^ Until next time~MyLifeIsALie