doing?" Will shot me a sunny grin and it caused me to relax a little. "I got claimed! Didn't you hear! I'm an Apollo kid!" I walked up next to him. "That's great. I have no idea that means, but great." He must have heard the indifference in my voice because he put a hand on my shoulder. "Listen, I know what this is about. You were glaring at me ever since sword practice." I widened my eyes. Why was I not aware of this. "Katie and me are just friends. She sat by me at the campfire the other night." I scowled at him and pulled an extra, unfilled water balloon out of my pocket and slapped him with it. He laughed but then his face took a stern pose. "But seriously." After a few moments, his face softened and he sighed. "Besides, I got my eye on someone else." He glanced longingly out the window where Luke now stood alone, his eyes still scanning the notebook. I squinted. "What?!" Will shrugged and flashed me a toothy grin. "See ya Travis. Hopefully not that often though!" He called over his shoulder as he kicked opened the screen door and migrated to the Apollo cabin. I was now genuinely confused. xxx After Connor and I bugged the showers so they sprayed orange juice, and replaced all the straws with pixie sticks, I realized how quiet it was. Actually it was super loud, but one specific voice was not yelling, "STOLL! " I thought it would be best if I tried to make things better between the two of us. Well, as good as I can get at least. So I stopped at the kitchen, and went the only place I figured she might be. And of course I found her at the strawberry fields. Her yogurt-y hair draped over shoulder, a dirt smudge covering the scar on her right cheek. She sat alone with a basket of strawberries in front of her, and I couldn't think of bringing anything more appropriate than what I did. I silently sat down next to her and she visibly flinched. "Calm girl. I'm not the who threatened to kill you." She sighed and crossed her arms, refusing to look at me. "I have a feeling we're are going to hate each other a lot." I grinned and used my hands to support me as I sat back. "Yeah. And I looked forward to every bit of it." The girl next to me looked quite agitated. I shrugged and picked up the cup I brought. "Sugar?" She raised a brow at me in suspicion. "Relax!" I assured her. "It's real sugar! See?" I dipped my finger in and licked it. She looked hesitant but dipped a strawberry in. Before she took a bite, she looked me straight in the eyes and said, "If this is a prank, I will kill you." She lifted the berry toward her mouth. What she didn't know was that it was salt. My goodness this story took forever to write! But I had a strange urge to write a Travis and Connor story. (It had nothing to do with the fact that Travis went to college and left Connor all alone.. *Cries*...) I know I should be working on Help Me Hold the World (For peeps who don't know me, go read it! It's centered around all the main couples! Mostly Solangelo tho!) But this had to be done. (And no, i did not just add this paragraph in to advertise my other story...) Anyways, I know it's crazy long and kind of dumb but... I threw in a lot of familiar characters, tho I am not exactly sure who would be there and who wouldn't. (The reference to Pollux and Castor tho!) So I know it's weird how Annabeth is younger than Travis, but that's canon in the books. I kind of just assume Connor is the same age as Percy and Annabeth. Will is also canonically two years younger than Annabeth so it was kind of weird to write him as a little kid but it was fun! (I headcanon that Will was at Camp Half-Blood for a long time {maybe not this long tho but I wanted him in the story so bad} you can fight me about it!) Tratie is real and I'm not exactly sure what Connor meant when he said something about her being around their age. You can decide whether he had a little crush on her or if he was shipping his brother with her heh... The Connor/Travis brother scenes were my fav to write. Chris calling Clarisse fat when they were younger seems realistic to me. Like Tratie, they probably got on each others nerves but secretly dig each other. She was probably heart broken when she found out he was a traitor. Then after Clarisse nursed him back to health after the Labrynth they could no longer hide their true feelings! 3 3 Yeah Harper is my OC and I love him. Yeah, I know Harper is a more common girl name but it can also be a boy name (i googled it calm down) which is why I think it was a perfect name for him. I like to think Harper survived and is friends with Grover or something. Maybe he's helping him deal with the drought in California. Sorry if some things don't line up and that the monsters are not really from Greek Mythology. (I was too lazy to research) Also, I know Katie Gardner is hardly in the books but I am obviously one of many people who ship her with Travis anyway. Oh yeah. I thought it would be funny if Will had a little boy crush on Luke like Nico did on Percy. (He's gay, why wouldn't he have a crush on Luke? I probably would too!) But alas, Solangelo belongs together 3 3 Sorry this is hella long. Please fav and review. ~MyLifeIsALie