that when a thought arrived to his head.- Weren't we looking for a letter? Both got surprised remembering the true motive of why they were there and started to try to find the letter in all the look point, but they couldn't find it anywhere. -Where do you think it is? You know her more than I do. -Well, Miss Scarlett is a very intelligent person…- Started Jason touching his chin in a refined pose. -But no so intelligent to remember a letter. -Leo punctuated. -… That's why it's strange she forgot. -Jason continued philosophizing. -On the only place that it could hide… The bench? -Well, looking around, there's no many places where she could gave forgot it, but having seen over the bench before, maybe it go with the wind and now it is really lost. -Leo talked to Jason while he kneeled and put in his four to see under the bench, there, Leo found it. But when he lifted his head, he found Jason looking from behind to his ass. Leo watched him with a mocking smirk. -What? You like what you see? Jason gave him back the mocking smirk, making Leo's heart to stop a second. He mockingly thought on how a boy that seemed an honored prince couldn't avoid being bounder, it was their nature. -What can you do, I'm irresistible. -Said Leo standing and passing by his side to the stairs with the letter in his hand. -This year without any doubt will be interesting …- Leo could listen what Jason said in his back before getting too far and listened Jason's steps followed him near. Maybe it wasn't so bad. Maybe something good could pass with that Jason. It was already nigh, Thalía and Leo got out of the restaurant with high mood, Thalía for meeting with her old friends and Leo for getting the temporal job or something like that. -Girls can scare you…- Leo said for himself, but purposely to Thalía to listen. -Well, well! Don't tell me you only said about the temporal job because you wanted to impress me! -Thalía laughed hitting Leo's back.- But now you´ll have to make an effort, seeing as you're already compromised. Come, I'll propose a deal, since you're very funny in them. Leo looked at her sulking; it was unfair that Thalía played with him all the time. Although, she had made too much for Leo, and she took care of him like if she was his own alder sister that he didn't understand. But she was never going to enter in the Rank of family where Piper was! Thalía had her own plans behind her smirk. Trusting her like he did would be like a suicide. -Do you remember being so excited about Festus ? –Thalía started. -I will talk with Scarlett about that, for you to use the garden to be with your little magic dragon on school. Of course she won't know the last part. Thalía winked and chuckled when she saw how happy Leo suddenly got saying yes. -Festus will be happy if he's with me, I just need to grease…- Leo was going to follow when he felt a hand over his head. -That's right, Leo. -Thalía said mixing his hair. –I will accompany you to your room. -Yes, Thalía. -Leo called her, suddenly feeling a Little nervous and lack of oxygen. She knew Jason, didn't she? He wasn't going to reclaim him about having lied to him but he was curious. -In school, I met a Jason… he was the boy who was watching us in the morning. She stood expectantly, Leo couldn't see how many things passed behind that stormy eyes, but understand the first one and proceed. Leo laughed giving a sincere smile to Thalía while they walked. -It seems everything was a misunderstanding! He looked at me like if he hated me, but now we get along well. She smiled kindly making a joke of the expression because she looked rude with it. –And how is he? Is he handsome or intelligent of he simply has good sense of humor? -Eeeh… w-well, I just met him so… but I think he is… everyone could find out he's intelligent and, and well, I-I suppose he's handsome. -Leo started babbling. -Sometimes you can be so cute!- Thalía laughed.- I'm sure anyone would think that, even a man.- She nudged him.- Maybe you could get somewhere with that Jason. Although you just got a job, no? And Percy's gonna sleep with you tonight. -Eeeh… but I'm not like tha…- Leo started to say when he got distracted. They were going across the street when certain blonde just turned a corner to their direction, but he wasn't going for them, he wasn't even aware of their presence when he Jason walked grabbing a girl by her waist very close to him while she talked animatedly with him and she moved provocatively to him. -Oh, so he's still not grabbing her butt yet…- Thalía whispered.- I suppose that's why they call him an honorable prince. There was when Leo remembered: "Jason only does it because his mother ordered him; everyone knows he's cheating on her." -They exaggerate that.- Leo said to Thalía. He couldn't believe how fast he could see his best friend be betrayed by Jason. English: 4,906 words in text. (Without author's notes.) Español: 5,042 palabras en texto. (No incluye notas de autor). Well, I had finally ended! And I'm sorry I'm late, but I needed to get into an agreement with Mizu to translate from spanish to english and viceverse, so! :P I'm joking. I will clarify this my OC's are not going to get too much into the story, or at least not no directly, I only put them here to introduce them to you, so don't worry. Also! I looked for errors all over the fic so I think I did well, but tell me if something's wrong so I can correct it! R&R!