me you should be thankful for." I said, before gesturing towards Percy, Annabeth, and Grover. "It is them who found it. They go into the quest to find your Bolt, all for the sake of stopping the war that might bring innocent into it. They have shown bravery that's clearly above what mortals could, and the prowess and mind that's befitting of the Son of Sea God and the Daughter of the Goddess of Wisdom." I declared, glanced at Poseidon and Athena. Zeus nodded at me before turned his attention to the three heroes behind me. "You have done well. You all have my gratitude." He said. Every one of them blushed and meekly nodded their head. I have to suppress a chuckle at the sight. "And for your question…" I turned into the form of Hermes. "It was Luke Castellan, the Son of Hermes. I advice you to meet him and have a talk between father and son, before he do something very stupid." Hermes seems surprised before turned into Zeus. I turned my attentions to Zeus as well. "Surely you would allow that, o Generous King of Gods?" He seems unsure, only keeps staring at me before finally relented. "Very well. Just for this once." He finally said. I let out a smile of gratitude before dipped my head in a bow. "You have my gratitude." I said. Zeus nodded before turned back and sit in his form. "Is there anything else?" He asked. I nodded before gesturing towards the teens behind me. "I do believe for their greet service for the Olympus, they deserve some kind of rewards?" I asked. Zeus frowned before finally nodded. "Yes I do believe. What is it you three wants?" He asked. The three of them fidgeted in place, and I once again have to suppress a giggle. "If I might," I cut them. "What about a change to talk with their parents? I do believe they have longed to talk with their God parent." I continued. Zeus nodded his head in understanding. "Very well. I will Allow my brother Poseidon and Athena to have a talk with their respective children." He declared, and Poseidon and Athena shot Zeus with grateful looks. "How about you Satyr?" He asked. Grover fidgeted in his place before gulped his saliva and nodded. "I…" He begins. "I only wish to knows… If either Pan still alive… or not…" He said hesitantly, and I can't help but smiled. Such devotions. "Is that all?" Zeus asked before nodded. "Yes, he's still alive. I do not know his where about however." He continued. Grover looks like he's just about to collapse right there and then in relief. "Then how about you, O King of Sorcerer?" He asked, turning his attentions to me. I merely smiled and nodded my head. "It is just happens I'm in need of place to stay." I begin, and Zeus nodded in understanding. "Of course you would be welcomed in Olympus." He said, but I shakes my head, making him frowned. "No. It is not Olympus." I said, before smiled. "I'm curious as to what kind of place that can give birth to such astounding heroes such as them. And such, I wish for permission to stay at the Camp Half-Blood." I continued, receiving a questioning stare from most of Gods. "Hmm, I do not see why not, if that is what you wish." Zeus replied back. I nodded and bowed in gratitude. "Then I do believe this Assembly Business is done." He declared before getting up. Most of them followed and walked out of the room. Leaving only us and Poseidon and Athena. "Let's go Grover." I said, beckoning him to follow. "Let's go on ahead." I said. I could feel the Gods grateful gaze behind my back. Grover nodded and hurriedly followed me walked outside. Use the time I give wisely, Percy, Annabeth. You deserve it. "Welcome…" Grover said, gesturing to the gate in front of us proudly. "To the camp Half-Blood." He said. I smiled and nodded. Percy and Annabeth followed me. "So this is the place you guys stay huh?" I whisteled, marveled at the gate and the scripture in it. "Protection, Hope, and Bravery. Fitting for the camp means for Heroes." I laughed good naturally. Percy seems confused but Annabeth eyes twinkled in excitement. "You can read them!?" She shouted. I raised my eyebrow in confusion before nodded, not understanding where her excitement come. "Yes of course." I replied back. And in the next moment she suddenly clasped my hand with her own. I blinked in surprise. When did she- "You have to teach me." She cut me off. I blinked again before nodded. "Is that all? I don't mind." I replied back and she suddenly squeled in excitement and jumped up and down like a child. "Can you hear him Percy! I'm going to study runes!" She shouted in excitement, and Percy could only nodded dumbly. Wow, This woman clearly respect her knowledge. "It seems the hero have come back. And bringing another friend so it seems." A new voice cut us. I turned to a Centaurs with a long goat and wisdom in his eyes. "My name is Chiron. Welcome to the Camp Half-Blood." He introduce himself, offering a hand. I naturally, accept it and shook his hand. "Nara Namikaze. The possible Son of Hecate." I said. And thus begins my new journey living in the camp Half-Blood. Author Note I know there is some things that is still Mysteries. Likes the Voice, and his Title. And his connection with Amaterasu. But i found it is hard to believe if i just dumped everything here. ANd for of you who question Japanese Deity. I know in Percy Jackson they only talk about Greeks Gods. But if Greeks Gos exist, why can't another also exist? Just bind with an ancient rule to not disturb each others? Well, there is all i have to say, Please Rate and Review *Bow*