forbid fell into the Chariot, she would be out of commission for the rest of the day. And that was the best case scenario. Flash bangs could wicked things to your hearing and balance. If you got hit with one, you went down. Percy's mother had taught him that being a boyfriend meant certain responsibilities. He was certain that making sure his girlfriend didn't get blown up was somewhere on that list. Clarrise made the shot. The projectile shot straight at them outstanding speed. Without thought Percy wrapped his arms around Annabeth's waist, and jumped off the back of the Chariot. He curled pulled Annabeth against his chest, turning in midair to making sure he hit the ground first. Achilles or no Achilles, the force of hitting the track, knocked the air from Percy's lungs with an audible whoosh. The feeling only got worse as Annabeth landed on top of him. The force of the fall forced them roll. Annabeth cried out in pain as she struck the ground, Percy covering her. The flash bang was closer this time. Percy slammed his eyes shot before light flared. But the explosion was still deafening. It felted as if he had punched in the head. He couldn't even think. It was the squeal of his horses that forced Percy to raise his head. He felt their terror as the Chariot was flipped over by the force of the explosion. They bolted. Percy watched as the scorched Chariot was dragged upside down across the finish line with a speed only fear could elicit. It looked like the Ares chariot would follow suit, But the Apollo Cabin had finally caught up. They weaved around Percy and Annabeth, making a bee line for Seth and Clarrise. Will drew his bow, knocking an arrow that Percy had only seen in cartoons; completely normal except for the large red boxing glove fitted on the end. Will grinned as he let it fly. It clubbed Clarrise square in the stomach. She toppled into Seth and they both tipped over the side of the chariot onto the track.. Without any direction, the Ares Cabin's prized horses stopped dead on the track, tossing their skeletal heads. The Apollo team had crossed the finish line to a sea of cheers. Laughing, Percy climbed to his feet, absently brushing dirt out of his hair. "I think it sill counts as winning if our Chariot crosses the finish line first." He said Annabeth, holding out his hand to help her up. "Think Chiron will believe us?" Annabeth ignored him. And not just the stupid comment. She also brushed off off his offered hand as she climbed to her feet. "Annabeth?" Percy asked. She glared at him, grey eyes as impassive and stormy as the winter sky above them. Had she gotten hurt when they had fallen off the chariot? He tried to place a hand on her shoulder. "Are you alright?" She shrugged him off. Percy's hand fell to his side like lead weight. "Am I alright?" She snapped at him, "What was that?!" Percy blinked, not sure why she was suddenly so angry "It was a flash-bang." He said, as if that answered anything. And, to Percy it should have. In his mind saving someone from bodily harm at least warranted a thank you, not a full on attack? "Clarrise threw it too close! Like permanent damage close." "So you catapulted us off the chariot?" Annabeth's voice was steadily growing louder. Percy had never seen her so incensed before. Everyone was staring at them, But she didn't seem to care. Percy wasn't even sure she noticed them. But he did. Percy felt cheeks flush with embarrasment. He heard his voice become harsher."Yah, so?" he said defensively, crossing his arms across his chest. "I try to avoid getting 3rd degree burns whenever possible, if that's okay with you." Annabeth's eyes narrowed. When she spoke again, she didn't yell. Her voice was as cold and sharp as celestial bronze. Somehow that only made things worse. "Except it wasn't going to be you, was it." They didn't talk about his curse very often. And when they did, it was generally in good humour. Percy didn't know what to make of her digging up now. "I was protecting you." "It wasn't your choice to make." Annabeth hissed. "Why are you jumping down my throat?" Percy asked incredulously, to cover the hurt in his voice. "It's just a race. It's not worth getting hurt over." Maybe that wasn't the right thing to say. Annabeth's cheek's flamed red, her fists clenching at her side like she was going to punch him. "The race?!" she raged. "You honestly think this about the race?" "Yah?" Percy really hoped that sounded far less unsure than he was feeling. He watched as Annabeth took a deep breath, in through the nose and out through the mouth. They stared at each other for a long time, the between them so thick it could be cut with a knife. "I guess that's the problem." She said finally, and her voice was void of emotion. Like lava the had cooled into rock, no longer hot but wickedly sharp to touch. It was then Percy noticed that her eyes were becoming as red as her face. "You don't think." She turned on her heel then, and stomped away from him. The gathered crowed moved out of her way to make a path. She paid them no heed. "Annabeth!" Percy shouted, starting to race after her. She didn't turn around. But when she spoke, her voice held a mysterious crack. "Leave me alone Perseus." Percy stopped in his tracks. Annabeth never called him by full name before. He went to go after her, to try and make whatever it was that he done, right. But a hand on his shoulder held him back. Percy looked up to see Will shaking his head. "Give her space dude." The older boy. "You'll only make it worse if you follow."