notice of the better-paced landing (compared to the lift-off) and came to the conclusion that it was probably his nerves that made the lift-off seem so terrifying and abrupt. Speaking of his nerves, Will had kept the ring on all throughout the journey and was astonished by how well it had helped him cope with his anxiety. Good 'ol Kayla, Will thought. Soon, he felt the skidding from the plane's wheels suddenly making contact with the ground and took a breath of relief as the plane was officially on solid Earth. People started getting up from their seats just as the red seatbelt sign had turned off. They started grabbing their luggage from overhead (which caused a lot of bustling amongst the crowds) and waited in line as the door out of the plane slid open. Will was thankful he hadn't brought anything more then what he needed, as he saw a man struggling to get his luggage due to the crowd that was forming around him. The line started moving, slowly at first, but quickly as more and more people flooded out of the plane. Will was pretty much carried out, due to the antsy crowd that was behind him but he started to have more freedom in where he went once he was in the tunnel to go inside the airport. Once he got out of the tunnel, he tried to fight the urge to collapse onto the floor, hugging and kissing it with relief. That would probably earn me some interesting glances, Will reckoned. Instead, he thought about how he was actually going to find Nico. Truth be told, Will hadn't actually thought about what he would do once he was at the Orly Airport, simply due to the fact that he was doubtful he would actually make it that far in the journey. He realized he was on the 3rd floor of the airport, so he took the escalator down to the ground floor. He made his way to the entrance of the airport (it took him a little longer then he wanted, due to the confusing twists and turns of the building) and made his way outside. It was actually raining when Will stepped outside, which reminded him of the Iris message that Nico had sent him that afternoon. The scenery around the place looked familiar as well. That's when Will remembered that Nico had said he was just outside of the airport. Will's hopes rose as he started looking around the parking lot area. It was fairly dark, partly because of the rain and partly because of the time of day, but Will managed. What actually alerted Will of his boyfriends' presence was an all-too-familiar groan that came from behind him. He jumped in place, and craned his head to make out a slumped figure in a hidden corner (literally, the figure was hunched over near the corner of the airport). "Nico!", Will said, a little louder then he wanted it to. "...Will?", Nico said. He wasn't facing his boyfriend but he'd recognize that worried tone of voice anywhere. Will scrambled to Nico's side and hugged him with all of his might (which resulted in Nico making more groaning noises which, in turn, resulted in a nasty fit of coughing). Will suddenly remembered the cough drops in his pocket "Oh here", he said, handing them to Nico. Nico plopped all 3 into his mouth and sighed in relief from the warm, familiar and comforting taste that the ambrosia had given off. Will sat beside his boyfriend until Nico felt he had the ability to form complete sentences without having to clear his throat. "So...how did you get here?", he said. Nico was also one of the many people who knew all-too-well of Will's fear of heights and, more specifically, airplanes. "I took a plane, duh", Will said rather amused when Nico's eyes shot up when Will said the word "plane". "Really!?", Nico said with an impressed tone to his voice. "Yeah", Will said with a shrug, "It actually wasn't as bad as I thought it would be". Nico allowed himself a thin smile. "You really faced your number 1 fear for me?", Nico asked softly. "Of course I did", Will said in an even softer tone of voice, "And I'd do it again...actually nevermind I wouldn't. Don't ever scare me like that again!" Will added quickly. Nico's smile widened. He started to slide his back up against the wall for support as he tried to stand up. Just as he pretty much reached his full height, however, his legs gave way under him as he sank back to the ground. Nico groaned again from the energy it took to stand up. "Ugh, how are we gonna get home? I can't even stand up." "What? Were you thinking we would shadow-travel home?", Will asked. "Of course not! I'm done with shadow-traveling for a while...", Nico said, "But still...how are we gonna get a flight back home?" Will turned his head towards Nico, and met his eyes with a devilish smile. "No.", Nico said simply, "You will not. No, no, no." Will's smile widened, "Got any better ideas?" Nico stared at him for a good minute until he finally gave in. "Fine", Nico said with a sharp edge to his voice. Will carried Nico around the airport until they were eventually on the plane back home. Luckily, there were some empty seats on the returning flight back to New York City so the two wouldn't have to stay the night in Paris (which, Will thought, probably wouldn't have been so bad). By the time the two boys were on the plane they were both exhausted; Will from carrying Nico around everywhere (though the boy didn't weigh much) and Nico from the actual embarrassment of being carried by Will. They slept soundly as the plane took off, not even realizing that their hands were clasped together. Though Nico had noticed that Will was still wearing his ring...