if they don't accept her then we don't stay. We'll keep running and fighting," I whisper. Maya looks up at me with a frown and tears in her eyes. "Christian I don't wanna run anymore. I want to stay somewhere safe. I'm tired of fighting." "I know that Maya, but we don't have a choice. We're demigods. We can't help this life. Monsters are everywhere and you don't have to worry, we'll always be by your side." "But look what happened to mom," she whispers as tears flow down her face. "Mom fought for us the best she could. She died our hero. If we die as a means of sacrifice for one another then I'm okay with that," I pulled her in close, "you know I will always fight and provide the best life I can give." "And I'll fight too," my bother said. I smiled as he moved in for a hug as well. I heard the shower turn off. Courtney came out wrapped in a towel, curly hair dripping all of the place. I sent Maya to shower and dressed Courtney in the clothes we would be wearing to leave tomorrow. Our mom had always taught us to sleep in clothes that would be convenient to run in. So our family never believed in pajamas. I sat her in between my legs and braid her hair back into two French braids. I had her stand and picked out any glass shards or splinters I could find. When I was done I tucked her into the bed. "Go to bed we have to leave early tomorrow," I said kissing her head. "Do you ever think mom wasn't really who she said she was," I hear myself saying. I glance at him waiting for a reply. "Why would you say that?" "Because before she- before I left she was in a headlock by a lycanthrope and before he could rip her neck out she convinced him to kill himself. Blaise it was the weirdest thing ever. Even though she wasn't talking to me I had a feeling that I should've followed her directions. I felt a voice in my head telling me to grab that silver rod and stab myself as well. It was weird. It was scary and terrifying." "Do you think mom could be a demigod?" I stared at him hard. Our whole life my mom made it seem as if she was regular and that the mist just didn't work on her. "Blaise...if that's true Mom has been lying to us, but it'd explain so much." "Like that time when she was able to persuade the giant that he was too tired to chase is another day. Or that time she convinced a school to forget the fact that we didn't have papers so that we could enroll," he says. We stare at each other hard. We hear the shower cut off and we cease the conversation. When Maya comes out she's fully dressed. Cargo pants, a white tee and her sneakers tied tight. Her hair is pulled into a tight ponytail and her honey eyes are rimmed red from crying. The bruise on her face looks worse. I grab the ointment and rub it in. Within a few minutes the bruise lessens. She crawls into the bed with Court. "Blaise you go next. I'm gonna start plotting how we're going to get to New York." He nods his head and goes into the bathroom. I pull a map from the back pack. We're in Gainesville Florida at the moment. I plot the best route for us to take but it's going to take days on foot. We'd more likely be killed then make it to our destination. I sigh in frustration, because we don't have a car. I pull at my curly hair for a second and release it. If we go to Jacksonville we'd have to travel on foot all day. I glance at my already achey feet and shrug. Oh well. I leave our map out and lay my bow and arrows on the night stand. I start untying my shoes when I hear a knock at the door. I grab my knife from its holster on my ankle and creep toward the door. I peek through the peephole and see an older lady standing there. I open it and smile tiredly. "Hello?" "Hi dear. I was wondering if you needed anything. I'm the cleaning service here at motel 8," she said in a friendly tone. "No thank you. We don't need anything," I smile. She smiles back with sharp pointy teeth. She flicks her forked tongue out and licks her lips. I try not to show on my face that I had seen anything weird. Some monsters couldn't smell demigods if their smell was masked well enough. I was hoping this smelly room could do that for us. "Alrighty then. I'll come back just in case later in the morning." With that she turned around and left a tail swishing back in forth behind her. I close the door and release a breath I didn't realize I was holding. We had to take turns standing guard I told my brother when he came out the shower. I explained to him the monster I had seen. "I'll go first. I have to shower anyway. You get some sleep," I said after healing his cuts. I go to the shower and wash dried blood and debris from my hair and body. I recap the even of today. I try to come to terms that our first home was obliterated and that our mom had died. Now that I was finally alone I willed for the tears to come, but I couldn't muster them. I stood in the hot shower for a long time before I finally washed myself and stepped out. Demigod life was hard. This is my first fic on fanfiction. I hope you like it Lemme know what you think about it