pearl from the pocket of his Bermuda shorts. Poseidon and Athena had agreed to meet at Hephaestus's abandoned storage warehouse so that they could brew up a powerful potion that would ward off Phobetor's spell on their children. Of course, they would've brewed the potion themselves, without having to meet face-to-face but because the nightmare god's spell are so powerful and personal, there needed to be special arrangements. For example, Percy's nightmares - while their setting and predicament was always very different- each had a common trait; Annabeth ended up getting killed or injured. The same was true for Annabeth only Percy always got killed or injured and she was to blame. This being the case, both godly parents would needed to bring an artifact from their godly domains; a pearl from one of Poseidon's ancient clams and a special invisibility potion made by Athena, herself. Phobetor had only recently started meddling in these famous demigods' heads, but sometimes his nightmares are so powerful that they can emotionally, mentally and/or physically scar the victim permanently. And that is why Poseidon and Athena had decided to put aside their differences to save their children - they had owed them as much after all; what with them saving the world and whatnot. "Alright", Athena said, taking out a medium-size clay bowl from her satchel, "Put your pearl in here and I'll pour in my potion." Poseidon eyed the little bottle of golden liquid curiously as Athena uncorked the bottle, "What is that potion anyway? And why does it smell like yesterday's catch of the day?", he said plugging his nose. Athena scrunched up her nose in disgust and responded, "Its an invisibility potion made by yours truly. It can be put on anything and we'll make that item and anyone who touches that item invisible" (ANOTHER AUTHORS NOTE: In this fanfic, this potion is supposed to be how Annabeth´s Yankees Cap can turn the wearer invisible - it works differently of course - I doubt this is how Annabeth's Cap works in the PJO world, this is just my own explanation :)) "Why is it golden? Shouldn't it be invisible?", Poseidon asked with a smile. Athena gave him a look that told him he should probably shut up. Wisely, he did. Athena proceeded to pour the foul-smelling elixir into the clay bowl. Poseidon plopped his pearl into the golden liquid. Suddenly the bowl began to smoke and Athena put the bowl down on the floor as it fizzed and bubbled. After about 30 seconds, the bubbling and fizzing calmed down and Athena picked up the bowl to find a pale-pink solution. It seemed to shimmer in the light of the warehouse and it smelled of freshly-picked olives and the salty scent of the sea. "Good", Athena said satisfied, "Now we must speak our children's names into the brew so that the potion will know who's mind we intend to rid of Phobetor's spells." She leaned in closer to the potion and spoke in a soft, clear voice, "Annabeth Chase." The potion bubbled and fizzed again for another 15 seconds or so and calmed down once more. Poseidon leaned down to the bowl and spoke his son's name, "Perseus Jackson". The potion bubbled and fizzed once again and once it had calmed down Athena brought out two, empty corked bottles and filled each to the brim with the magical pick liquid. Poseidon began to notice that the potion no longer smelled of the sweet scent of the sea (as well as the other weird smell that he could've sworn was the scent of olives - though he couldn't be too sure). Athena followed his train of thought, "Now that we've spoken the kids' names, only they will be able to smell it. The smell is what we'll ward off Phobetor's presence in their minds. Here", she added, handing him one of the corked bottles. "Ah, I see", he said followed by a quick, but clear snort on Athena's part. The message was clear; Of course you do. "Well", Athena said, "I'm going to Annabeth's cabin to lay this bottle by her nightstand. By the end of the night, the liquid will have evaporated due to its job being done" "Alright then", Poseidon said. There was yet another awkward silence. " Antio sas ", Athena said quickly and she promptly disappeared out of sight. Poseidon went to turn off the lights of the warehouse and disappeared as well. Back at Annabeth's cabin, there seemed to be another person in the room. You couldn't see or hear her, but you could just feel her presence. This didn't seem to bother any of the sleeping demigods, however, as they were all still sound asleep (some more then others). Suddenly a bottle appeared atop Annabeth's bedside table, right next to her Yankees Cap. It seems as if the bottle uncorked itself as the beautiful aroma of the magical, pink liquid filled the room. Of course, no one, except Annabeth, could smell the potion. Before the potion was uncorked, Annabeth's constant tossing and turning in her bed was as fitful as it had been all night. However, once the cork was unscrewed with a silent pop! her muscels began to relax and her tossing and turning became less frequent until they were virtually nonexistent. The muscles in her face, instead of being tense as they were before, were relaxed and her breathing became slower, instead of the quick intakes of breath she was taking before. Athena smiled in satisfaction as she lay a quick kiss upon Annabeth's forehead. "There we go, my sweet", she said in a quiet and gentle tone, "May you sleep peacefully this night and the next night...forever". Little did Athena know, she was saying the exact same thing as Poseidon was, over in Cabin 3. The feeling of an extra person in the room vanished and nothing could be heard but the deep, steady breaths from the sleeping demigods. All of them, this time.