five new siblings, though he knew Jake, Nyssa and Shane, there was still Beckendorf and this other guy. They were all much stronger than he was, even Shane, who was four years younger. "Guys, this is Leo, our new half-brother." Leo lifted a hand and waved it, looking kind of stupid, why was it now that his witty banter failed him? He could stand in front of a wakened Gaia, and still manage to throw some funny jibes. But in front of his siblings he just closed up. Why did his nerves act up now? They didn't last time he had met his family. Leo thought that the insecurities he had when he was twelve were coming back, maybe being twelve again was affecting him mentally as well as physically. Leo paid attention again when his siblings began to introduce themselves." Jake stepped forward, and lifted his hand, "Jake Mason" "Nyssa Steel" "Shane Forjar" Leo tried not to smile at that, forjar was Spanish for forge, subtle much dad, he thought. "Chris West, I fortunately don't have a surname that immediately gives away my heritage." Leo snickered, "I don't either, my surname's Valdez, nothing special." He was glad that Chris had a sense of humour; he got along better with people who could take a joke. "So tell me, are the bulging muscles required to be a Hephaestus kid? I'm sure I can find some inflatable ones somewhere." The others snickered, and Beckendorf joined them, "don't worry, we'll have you lugging celestial bronze about in no time." Leo smiled, "I'm glad to have family with a sense of humour!" Jake looked at him inquiringly, "Your mom doesn't?" "Oh mom did," Leo noticed how all five froze at the 'did', he was grateful for it, but he was getting used to no-one caring. Seeing people who did was refreshing. "I'm talking about my aunt." "Oh, you live with her?" Jake said, ignoring Chris's frantic cut it out action. "Nah, she didn't want me. So, is there anything I can help with? It has been way too long since I've been in a workshop of any sort." Nyssa stood forward. "You can help me with the shield I'm making; I need two sets of hands for this next phase." "Ok." By the time the conch shell had sounded for dinner, Leo had helped Nyssa finish the moulding of her shield, and started a miniature of Festus, that actually blew fire. His siblings were impressed with his talent and attention to detail. The fact that it actually blew fire made Beckendorf grin, and he could've sworn he heard Chris giggle. After campfire, the six of them had gone back to the Hephaestus cabin, where Leo had dropped his stuff off earlier. He was sleeping in the bed that had been Harley's in his time. As Harley wasn't at camp yet though, Leo had it. It didn't take very long for him to drop off to sleep, but then the nightmares that had been threatening finally appeared... Jason was flying over the Argo two, dropping Greek fire over Gaia's army, when a cannon ball from a machine piloted by two Cyclops hit him in the side, he lost control, and plummeted, the sound when he hit the ground played over and over, the splat of the son of Jupiter falling was heard over 200 metres away on the Argo two, accompanied by the mournful wail that Piper gave when her heart split in two. Hazel and Frank had been missing for twelve hours when the other four arrived in Greece, only to find their decapitated corpses, riddled with whip marks, and torture scars, drained of blood, and their heads stuck on spears, with grotesque smiles fixed on them. The full brunt of Gaia's army was upon them, every demi-god fighting for their lives, Clarisse and Piper back to back, Kapatrios and Maimer twirling so fast they looked like a blur. Until the anti-Ares giant swung his club, and shattered both weapons, leaving Clarisse and Piper to be stuck like pin cushions, Piper's last scream echoing through the field, and turning all the monsters to dust. Percy and Annabeth died together, Probably the only merciful thing Gaia did, but she had learnt from Piper that killing couples separately made them stronger, and while they had both drowned in mud at Gaia's feet, they did it together, as they had done everything together. Even Gaia could not separate them after death. Then it was no longer memories, Leo's mother joined the corpses that Leo saw lining up in front of him, her flesh burnt and horribly blackened, some hanging of her flame marked bones brown with heat, showing in place where the fire had burnt the flesh right off, and some was hanging down, half cooked meat. "Mom, no!" The corpses opened blank eyes, Hazel and Frank's heads swivelling round the pole to glare at him, the mouths opened, or what was left of them, "Your fault, all your fault," "No, please, No, I didn't, I..." "Your fault Leo" Leo turned to where the mess that used to be Jason was, "you killed me, you could have stopped the cannon, had you been paying attention. It's your fault I'm dead." And the chorus began again, "your fault, all you fault Leo," "Stop, please..." "Your fault Leo, your fault Leo, your fault Leo." "No, please, I, I'm, I'm sorry, please, I'm sorry." "Sorry won't bring us back, won't save us!" And Leo felt the tears rush down his face, his voice broke as he curled in on himself, amid the chorus that they all had taken up, as broken words rushed from his lips, as he shook, "I'm I'm sorry, so, so, sorry, please, please, I'm sorry." "Your fault Leo" "Your fault Leo" "Your Fault!" "Leo!" "Leo, wake up! Wake up!" Next question: What is the command (word) that Percy gives to the pirate ship in the sea of monsters, which gets it to raise the sail?