bed. Percy wasn't too impressed, but Tyson loved it. No doubt he would make it his own as soon as he found something to decorate it with...If he stayed long enough to do so. Fall continued as normal for Percy even with Tyson there. He went between the Underworld and the Sea world. Played with Skeletons and fish. Trained under his fathers a bit, but mostly goofed off. Tyson found items to decorate his room with mostly from Poseidon's kingdom. Each time he tried to take something from the Underworld; Hades would take it back. Poseidon on the other hand would just smile, and let him take it. So in the bowls of the Underworld there was one room with seashells, and tanks that have deep sea fish in them. Percy always thought it was cool. He loved going into Tyson's room and see the fish. Though the fish often complain about not having live pray overall it was nice having them there. Hades didn't like them though, so that often stopped Percy from asking for his own aquarium. Percy was in the throne room the day he found out his home was in danger. He was trying to read about Greek Myths at Hades request to keep Percy sharp, but the words kept getting mixed up despite it being in Greek. It didn't help that Percy kept getting distracted by the ghostly handmaidens. Who kept drifting in and out to tell Hades something else Persephone wanted. Besides he could just ask his dad if he wanted to know the past...But he should probably still try, plus Hades kept eying him when he went quiet for too long. So Percy started to read out loud again only for Luke to fly in once again distracting him. "Percy!" Luke's voice echoed off of the black stone. Hades glared up from his documents as the son of Hermes came zooming in on winged shoes. The brat made too much noise, and there was no doubt in his mind that he had come to take his Percy away. Hades placed his documents down, and followed Percy toward the blond. "Luke, what are you doing here?" Percy asked grabbing the blond in a hug. Hades felt a pang in his heart at the sight. Of course Percy would miss his friends. Just like Persephone missed the sunlight and flowers. Just like how Hades missed Percy and Persephone in the summer. 'The underworld is no place to raise a child.' The words of a long lost love echoed in the mind of Hades, different from how they were originally said, but no less true. "Dad!" Hades was brought out of his thoughts by Percy's loud frantic voice. "I need to go! The camp needs me. Where's my sword?" "Your sword is in your room." Hades said prompting Percy to start to move in the direction of his room. He was stopped by Hades who said. "I'll summon your gear and Tyson." "Tyson?" Percy asked as a backpack appeared at his feet no doubt filled with ambrosia and clothes. "Who's Tyson?" Luke questioned. "ME!" Tyson shouted joyfully as he stepped out of the shadows. He had long ago got use to shadow travel though he still got teary eyed. "What the Hades?!" Luke shouted drawing his sword at the sight of Tyson. Hades coughed causing Luke to glance at him. "Sorry." Luke said quickly as he stepped in front of Percy who still wasn't drawing his weapon. "Luke, meet Tyson. My friend, and not a danger." Percy sighed from behind Luke. He had a feeling he was going to be saying that a lot from now on. "Are you sure?" Luke muttered to Percy lowering his sword slightly. "Do you think dad would let a monster that was going to hurt me near me?" Percy asked. Luke's blue eyes flitted over to Hades before agreeing with the younger demigod. He sheathed his sword. Then grabbed onto Percy. "Do you think you could shadow travel us there?" He asked. "Sorry, but no." Percy said just as his father was about to open a portal. "Why not?" Luke asked feeling annoyance tingle at his spine. "Because we have to get Clarisse, and I don't know where she is." Percy said thinking quick. The truth was Percy was starting to feel like he wasn't doing anything. He wanted to do something on his own. He was feeling restless. Besides if he relied too much one Hades' generosity there may come a time when he couldn't use those gifts. "Clarisse is at camp waiting for us. She needs us there." Luke said feeling frustrated. All Hades had to do was port them to camp. The demigods need them, so why were they standing around arguing about how to get there?! Hades sighed guessing Percy's unwillingness to relied on his powers to get him straight to camp. Besides this could count as a mission, so he wouldn't be able to help that much. "What do you think I am? A taxi service?" Hades questioned as he returned to his throne once more. "Find your own way to camp." Luke stared in shock at the Greek God now sitting upon his black stone throne. This was nothing like the Hades he had heard of. The Hades that raised Percy, and made sure they're quest went smoothly. The one that threatened him, so he would watch over Percy. Hades stared coldly down at the son of Hermes. He glanced at his son who now had his backpack on and his sword strapped to his waist. With a barely there nod at each other Hades said. "Get out of my kingdom." A flick of his finger, and the two demigods and monster were gone. He sat on his throne once again alone. He closed his eyes as he thought to himself. 'This sucks. We were suppose to go on a picnic in Elysium.' Review! Long time coming I know, but hey it's here now~!