ear. They both started to move faster, with the pain almost completely gone for her, and Percy not able to control himself anymore. "Percy." She managed to get out in between moans. "Yeah?" He whispered in her ear. His voice was husky and low and it gave her goose bumps. "I love you." She whispered back. She felt him smiling against her neck and he lifted his head. His forehead had a slight glitter from the sweat and she felt proud that she had caused that. "I love you too." He said before diving in for another kiss. He wrapped one arm around her neck supporting himself and pulling each other, if possible, closer. His other hand grabbed her lifted leg and fasted his grip on her, pulling it with him with every thrust. She unintentionally set her nails in his back and her toe's curled as she felt him coming closer. Their kissing became more ragged and inpatient, grasping for air from the excitement and immediately diving back in from the adrenaline. She didn't know where to leave her hands, then they were on his back feeling his shoulder blades move with every thrust, then they were around his neck tugging at his hair, then they were at his chest feeling his muscles tighten and relax, and then to his back again making Percy go insane by touching his former Achilles spot. His movements became the same as their kissing: irregular and hasty. He let out one more long moan before turning his head away and burying it in her neck. His arms shook uncontrollably as he tried his very best not to fall onto her again. His coming was enough to push her over the edge with him and she closed her eyes, preserving this moment with Percy as she wrapped her arms around him holding on to him tight. They laid still for a couple of seconds, catching their breath, and trying to comprehend that feeling. She opened her eyes and noticed the darkness around them. There was dead silence except for their breaths, what felt odd, compared to what just happened. She smiled thinking about what actually just happened. If possible she loved Percy even more now. She turned her head and kissed him on his temple, feeling intense happy. He let out a happy groan and let go of her leg, wrapping it around her waist and hugged her back. He kissed her shoulder and travelled up to her neck, making her laugh. She wondered how Percy felt. She herself felt amazing, and couldn't imagine a place where she would rather be. But what did he think, how did he felt? Was he feeling the same… or maybe not? What then? Maybe she had done something terrible wrong and he would think different about her now, feel different. What if this ruined everything? She knew this was a stupid thought, but what if it was true. It could be. Her smile faltered and she turned her head away from Percy's, trying to get her thoughts clear. He noticed her tensing, lifted his head and he saw the look on her face. "What's wrong?" His voice was still low and ragged. "I... um…" She couldn't get her thoughts out. What if they were true? He playfully bit her ear, making growling noises. She had to laugh and pushed his head away. "Stop that," She said, already feeling a bit better. He shared her laugh and let his head drop on the other side of her, forcing her to look him in the eye. He looked so happy and his green eyes shone with amusement. "What's wrong?" "How do you feel?" She asked, feeling less sure of her fears. "I feel amazing right now," he pecked her on her lips. "And that's because of you." After a few moments his smile faltered. "Why?" he looked confused. "What are you thinking?" He suddenly inhaled sharply and looked mortified. "Did I do something wrong?" He whispered. She laughed at his expression. "No, you didn't do anything wrong." that didn't seem to ease him. "Then why do you look so worried?" She looked away, afraid to look him in the eye. "Because I don't know if this will ruin something…" "Like what?" "Like us?" She looked back. He seemed to think about that for a moment. "No, I don't think so." "How can you be sure?" "Because we decide that: we decide how our relationship will be. And I won't let you go that easy." He smiled at her, washing away all her stupid fears. "If anything," he said and a grin spread on his face. "I think our relationship will be even better." "Why'd you think that?" "Cause' I now get to have sex." "Percy!" she yelled laughing. "Don't worry! You'll get to have sex too!" She rolled her eyes and tried to say something. Percy kissed her to prevent that. She pulled away and looked at him sarcastically. "Very funny. Now, get out me" She started pushing his shoulders away from her. "No, you're warm. I like it." He buried his face in her chest as he said that, making that last part hard to understand. His low voice vibrated through her, filling her with a warm feeling. "What? You want to go again?" She said jokingly. He looked back up with a scared look on his face. "Gods, no. I'm exhausted! You don't realise what you do to me. Annabeth Chase." She laughed and pushed him off her, immediately feeling a bit empty. He rolled over and pulled her close, dragging the blanket over them. She turned her back to him using one of his arms as a pillow as he wrapped the other one around her. She laid her hand over his and intertwined their fingers. He kissed the back of her neck in response, making her feel even better. She closed her eyes and led out a contend sigh, never wanting to leave that bed.