flip of a coin. If heads, then the god is sent back into the game and up for grabs." "So you just keep going around the board?" Jason asked. "Yep," Nico said. "We each get five cards to start with." "What about these black squares?" Jason asked tapping at one. "Oh, you lose a card if you land on one," Nico said handing him five cards. "If you lose all of your cards you can continue, but if I attack you then you'll have to use your player, and then you'll lose." "So if I or you lose all of my cards and our statue then the other person wins?" Jason summed up. "Yep," Nico said, looking at his cards. A smile on his face. Jason looked at his cards. He had a fire type, a Hell Hound, two green types, a Nymph and a Minotaur, a blue type, a Water Sprite, and a purple trap, a golden net. Jason took a bite of his sundae as Nico rolled the dice. In the pit of his stomach clouds rolled. He couldn't wait to thrash Nico at this game... He got toasted. In the real world three years past, and Hera never stopped searching. She used monsters and humans. Posing as a grandmother, she passed out fliers with Jason's picture on it. She sobbed about how that baby was all she had, she raised him after her daughter and her step-son died in a car accident, on talk shows and in front of news press. Before long all of America took up arms to search for little Jason. Then a year passed and another. People started to lose hope. Humans went back to their daily lives. Muttering about that poor woman who still roamed the streets asking if anybody has seen her grandson. The monsters did about as much good as the humans. They got distracted by other demigods, and shinny things. They're as bad as a bunch of magpies. Hording anything and everything that catches their interest mostly shinny things. Hera sighed, running her hand through her hair. She tugged at a few strands biting her lip. She flashed herself into an alleyway near a discount store wanting to get more people to try to help. Her skin wrinkled. Her hair whitened. Her brown eyes developed a slight film. Her back became bowed. Arthritis gnarled her hands turning them into claws. She summoned a cane, and hobbled out of the alleyway. She pleaded and cried to several humans showing, from a leather wallet, a picture of a blond haired baby boy with sky blue eyes. None of the humans she asked could help. None of them had seen him. Some recognized her from the years before, and with pity in their eyes offered her their condolences. Hera silently walked into the discount store. She needed a drink. She had shed her grandmotherly image, preferring her twenty year old look. Her amber hair rested against her shoulders. Her brown eyes glared at the young male listening to music behind the checkout counter. She frowned as she grabbed a water hearing a soft voice pleading toward the small clothing section. "Percy, please, just try these on," a soft voice begged. "No," a small child yelled. "Yucky!" A woman with brown hair knelt before a messy black headed child. The boy had bright sea green eyes. A pout on his lips, and his arm crossed over his chest. Turned away from his mother he wouldn't listen to her. "Percy, it's blue," the woman said. "You love blue and it has a boat on it." Hera stepped forward. "Excuse me." The woman's blue eyes met Hera's brown. The poor haggard women offered a smile that trembled and fell. She rose from her position on the floor clutching a blue shirt with a toy boat on the front. "I'm sorry," she said. "Are we in the way?" "No, I just wanted to know if you need help with the little one," Hera said soft and warm like a heated pillow. "Oh, do you have children?" The woman asked blue eyes roaming over Hera. "Tons," Hera said, smiling gently touching the woman's arm. She pressed the woman to the side closer to the clothing stand. She stepped closer to the young boy, and kneeling down, she looked him in the eyes. Sea green eyes broiled behind dark eyelashes. A pout protruded like a rocky cliff on a shoreline. The boy stared at her with flushed cheeks. Hera looked at the child, but could see nothing wrong with him physically. Peering into his eyes, she looked at his mind and soul. "Ah, so that's the problem," Hera stood up and hurried to a nearby rack. She grabbed the blue garment and showed it to the child. "How about this?" The child squealed and hugged the fabric to their chest. Hera winked at the child and then smiled at their mother. "Us girls have to stick together," she said as she left. Sally watched with wide eyes as the strange woman left. Her blue eyes turned to Percy. Her little boy. Her son was hugging a blue dress. Sally knelt down. "Percy," she said. Once she had Percy's attention she held out her hand and asked. "Can mommy see the dress?" "Okay," Percy said, handing the dress to her. Sally looked at it with pursed lips. The blue fabric sparkled. It had ruffled sleeves and bottom. Sally looked underneath the bottom ruffles to find that there were shorts underneath. She nodded and hummed. "So you like this?" She asked, looking at Percy's gleaming eyes. "Yeah," Percy chirped bouncing on the balls of his, their, feet. "Percy," Sally hesitated. "Percy, are you a boy or a girl?" "I'm a girl like you, mommy," Percy said. "Okay," Sally said slowly. "I guess we'll have to buy you some dresses, huh?" Percy nodded rapidly. Her sea green eyes gleaming. Sally smiled as she took her daughter's hand. This wouldn't be easy.