and absolutely miserable- looking gods came trudging towards me. The best way to describe them would be: Emo. All the way through. A dingy aura of sadness and pain and grogg was all around them. "Alright" One of them sighed and flipped his emo-hair away from his eyes so he could cast his eyes upon a world that was obviously nothing but miserable. "Let's get this over with" The lined up in a triangle around me (A/N Illuminati!) "Be blessed with Pain" A shriek escaped my lips as something that felt an acid-shower went through me. "With grief" Their monotone unanimous words had barely reached me before I felt all the grief in the world. My heart was being clawed out my chest and I was left with a big hole. "With sadness" I almost started crying from the world. pictures of dying loved ones, lonely people, pure misery ran through my head. "With ache" I was senseless. I had an idea of a body, far away. A body in pain. But I didn't want it. I didn't want life. "With trouble" My reality was red. All I was able to see was blood, disgust, hate, evil, pain. "With anguish" I clenched onto the pain. It kept me alive, it had always kept me alive. Alive and human. "We need pain" I muttered it out under my breath. Twitching in the chair to get rid of it. "With distress" And it was over. They stepped away. I could breathe. I smiled. Just because I could. Just because the pain was now bearable. I felt two cold thumbs on my body but I didn't care anymore. "Be blessed with family" I was removed from the chair. At some point I was shown a movie. Or well it was like a movie, It started with a guy named Percy. He defeated a titan. Then he got the girl (YAY) Then there was a guy named Jason who didn't have any memory. Then Percy didn't have any memory. Then everybody got their memory back and set off to defeat mother earth. Then Percy and Annabeth (His girlfriend) Fell into hell for each other (Awwwwwwww) and then there were some lost demi-gods on a flying ship. Yup. Pretty much sums it up :) "Tara?" Iris was smiling slightly at my overwhelmedness. (that IS a word!) "You know" Iris looked at me with eyes that kept changing colours. "We choose if we're happy" I was just about to say something pure genius like: "Oh! Uh..." When Hera interrupted me. "You know Tara" Her smile seemed warm and welcoming, but I knew she could turn around and go all Screwdriver-god-giant-smash on me any moment... "Yes?" I crossed my arms. I had to resist the urge to jump on Iris' back and scream "DON'T LEAVE ME ALONE WITH IIIIIIIIIIIIT!" when she started to walk of, happily humming. (Of course I didn't do that!) "You have a fatal flaw like every other hero" Hera didn't seem angry or suspicious or anything. "Even god has them" She sighed and looked at her husband, who was openly staring at Aphrodite. "My fatal flaw is my strenght" She smiled at my very (not)-intelligent expression. "Family" I realised the agony she was in. "You can't stop loving him can you?" And there it was. Aeons of love never being returned. "You know... No one can make you feel inferior without your consent" Hera looked at me. With eyes so full of sorrow I could feel it. No, I could actually feel it. The blessing from the Algae! Digging a little in the pain I could feel coming from Hera, I all of a sudden felt a wall break down. And her suppressed thoughts came to my mind. WHY WON'T HE LOVE ME LIKE I LOVE HIM!? The heartache almost got me on my knees. WHY CAN'T HE SEE THAT I CARE FOR HIM!? I felt like screaming out the agony inside. But somehow, I could bear it. The unbearable pain was mine to carry. Zeus shared a look with his wife. She nodded. He nodded. Then he walked over. "You done talking?" I couldn't speak. I could hardly breathe. Then he looked at her. They stared at each other for a long time. And the burning in my chest eased. Zeus is an idiot, he has cheated, and been bad to her. But he has been with her forever, and though he might not be head-over-heels for her like she is for him. He still loves her. "Well then" Zeus was still staring at his beautiful wife, but now, his hands were on each side of my head. "Are you gonna electrocute me?" I know I should have let them stare and all, but I just, I mean, come on! The god of lightning holding his hands like that! Zeus started glowing. This had been quite the eventful day. Even though I have nothing to compare it with. Sure sure, I can tell you details about my flower-wallpaper at home, but I don't know if gods teleporting you was part of the everyday roll. It probably was. "You will probably feel uneasy while flying-" His monotone voice sounded like a steward telling you to fasten your seatbelt and make sure your table is stowed or something. "I can't guarantee that you will land on the ship so be prepared to fall about a mile" He said this like he hadn't just casually mentioned "Oh! And besides expecting YOU to save the world, I might not be able to get you to the ship so you might die" "Um... Can't you make sure that I..." And then I turned to smoke... _A/N Sorry about crappy chapter, I know everybody might seem a little OOC but I just think the gods come off as very one-sided in Uncle Ricks books. Story WILL get better (If you are patient enough to hang on!) Please comment and review and all that good stuff! :3 xxx NERD