his chin. "Come to think of it, it just sounded like gibberish to me." "That's because you did not listen to what they had to say." Lucius berated, causing Gaius to growl. But before he could rebuke him Lucius continued. "After a few days of research and extensive thinking, I was able to recognize what the voices were saying. Apparently they were speaking in another language... Ancient Greek ." He said the last two words with emphasis. "What? Ancient Greek?" Gaius asked in surprise. "You can't be serious Lucius." "Are you positive that was the language you heard in the vision? That we all heard?" Aurelius asked with urgency. "Because if you are, then whatever it is we witnessed must be something quite old. " "And most likely powerful too." Gaius concurred "Oh absolutely, my dear friends." Lucius replied with the outmost confidence. "Like I said before, I had recognized what the voices in the vision were after doing some research and investigation. And I believe I now know what they were saying." "You have?" Gaius asked with shock. "What did they say then?!" Aurelius demanded, dropping the map onto the table. "And more importantly why didn't you say so sooner?! I told you I wanted this to be over quickly!" He said as he banged his fists on the table with rage. Lucius winced. He hated when Aurelius got like this, he was the most impatient one after all, even more so then Gaius. And that's saying something. "Because I wanted to go through everything that we knew first." Lucius explained. "And to be honest, I still don't think that's everything there is to know about the vision. There is more to this then meets the eye my friends, and what those voices said is only going to prove my point." "Well what did they say then?" Gaius questioned. "They said... Eléphthero mas ." Lucius stated. "And when translated to the English language, it says... free us ." "Free us?" Gaius repeated. He and Aurelius looked at each other with what Lucius assumed was confusion on there faces. "What in the world could that mean?" Aurelius closed his eyes. For a few seconds he was silent, probably contemplating the information that was given to him. He reopened his eyes and looked back at Lucius with understanding and determination. "I think I understand what you're saying Lucius." He said. "And I agree completely." Gaius looked back and forth between the two of them. "What? Agree with what? what are you two talking about, you're not making sense!" Lucius held back a sigh, did he seriously have to explain what was going on? It was so obvious! "He agrees with me of what we are going to do next." He explained. "Like I said before, the vision was a summoning, a plead of help if you will. Something, or rather someone sent us that dream because they require our assistance. And whoever or whatever they are, they have power. Incredible power. So much power that we can use it to our benefit." "So it, or rather they, are some kind of weapons then?" Gaius asked. Lucius shrugged. "In a matter of speaking, yes. But since they spoke in Ancient Greek, that means that they most likely are sentient in some way. Since they were saying 'free us' that means that they are locked up and sealed away, most likely for hundreds of years. If not even more. If we can find out where they are and set them free, then the power that we saw will be ours!" Gaius eyes gleamed with eagerness and delight. "Of course! And going by what that vision showed us, that power could be just what we need to make our reign supreme for all eternity!" He laughed maniacally. Aurelius chucked at Gaius enthusiasm. "I couldn't agree more Gaius! We can finally regain what is rightfully ours!" He slammed his hands on the map. "The entire world will bow to our will and power!" "And do you know what the best part of all this is?" Lucius asked. "We will finally be able to snuff out the flame of Western Civilization, and the gods of Olympus will finally get what they deserve for there damned rule over humanity!" He looked at the map, and pictured the flame he saw in his dream, that powerful blaze that was capable of engulfing the entire world. Once they obtained that flame, once they gained control of that power, nothing would stop them. They would be eternal. They would be immortal. They would become the true gods to rule over the universe. And the Olympians would finally meet there fate at long last. That accursed family of his would finally and truly die. "Well then," Aurelius said as he stood up. "I do believe this meeting is finished, and our objective is certain." "Indeed." Gaius said as he stood up as well. "We must all head back and begin making the necessary preparations." He looked down at the map, and back up again. "We must find these 'weapons' before anyone or anything else can." "Worry not my friend." Lucius said as he also stood up. "If someone were to get in our way, they wouldn't be able to stand up to our might." He then brought out his arm and clenched his fist. He raised it to his partners, and they did the same. They then spoke in unison, speaking in their native tongue. "Nunc autem regnabit, quem sacratissimo et praestantissim!" "Here we will reign, most excellently!" "For the glory of the Triumvirate!" Next time... Percy covered his eyes. The light was blinding, overwhelming! He couldn't take anymore pressure! It was at that moment when he was completely consumed by the light, when he heard the screaming voice. ...Eléphthero mas... ...Eléphthero mas...! ...Eléphthero mas! ELEPHTHERO MAS! Percy eyes flashed, open. It wasn't until he caught his breath that he realized that he was in a cold sweat. "What...what was that...?"