there they are!" Thalia cried out. Turning around, they saw three chariots being dragged by pegasi drawing near to landing. In each, there was one person with bright orange T-Shirts. Close up, Melia could barely read "Camp Half-Blood" that was in black with a black "silhouette" of a pegasus *** . She and her friends had a range of mental cases such as dyslexia or ADD or ADHD. The silver-haired girl also had OCD added after her dyslexia. "Yo! So, where're these demigods?" a Spanish boy grinned. "They're here, Leo." Kid named Leo looked at Melia and the group and his grin stretched. "Hey! I'm Leo Valdez, son of Hephaestus." "I'm Shannon Guthrie, daughter of Demeter." a brunette with thick glasses said. Her hair was pixie-cut styled and she had tanned skin. Here eyes were the same as Colin's, just more wide and lively than said male's. "So, you're my half-sister?" Colin asked. "If you're a child of Demeter, then yes!" she grinned. "At camp, I'll lead you to our cabin so you can meet your other half-siblings." If Colin could sweat-drop, like anime people, then he probably would have a huge one rolling down his temple. "I'm Will Solace, son of Apollo." a blond boy greeted next. "Hey, Shannon, Will, Leo." Thalia waved back. "We've got to get going. Did the other Hunters make it back to camp safely?" "Yep. They've settled in Artemis' cabin and some have already made bets against some Aphrodite kids." Will replied sheepishly. ' There must be a lot of demigods at this camp! Children of Nemesis, Athena, Apollo. I wonder if there's any kids of Morpheus... ' Chris pondered. As if reading his thoughts, Leo talked up. "There are kids of the 'minor' gods, too; Morpheus, Hecate, Hypnos and many others." Chris sighed in relief. He wasn't the only one. "Well, I guess we part from here." Garcia said. "But we are sure to see you very soon." Madoka added. She handed a silver card to Jasmine and Melia. "If you ever want to get away from... boys ... just give us a call." The three immortals disappeared back into the woods. Leo turned sheepishly back to the outcast. "Yeah. They're like that..." It was obvious that he had tried to hit on one of them and failed. "We should go. Percy and the gang are waiting." Shannon said. The wolves howled a goodbye while Will divided the five. Melia and Myriam were with Leo, Colin with Shannon and Jasmine and Christopher were with Will. After about an hour or so, a camp-site was seen. "We're here!" Leo declared. "It's beautiful..." Jasmine gasped. Suddenly, the winds became violent and the winged horses whinnied in fear. "What's going on?!" Melia called, holding on for dear life. "Hey!" a new voice said. Turning around, you would see a blond teen in a purple T-shirt and a Cherokee girl in a orange T-shirt on a... transparent stormy horse? "Jason! Piper! What's up?" Leo called out. ' So they aren't enemies. Good. ' Melia thought, sighing in relief. "Talk later, land now!" Will ordered. As soon as they hit the ground, a group of kids in the same orange T-shirts came and took the pegasi away. "So, these are the new demigods?" the Cherokee asked. "Yup. I'm Melia Cross. These are my friends; Jasmine Somers, daughter of Hermes, Christopher O'Neil, son of Morpheus, Myriam Waters, daughter of Hecate and Colin Fosters, son of Dionysus." "Ok, just wait here." Jason said. He turned. "Yo, I need the leaders of the Morpheus Cabin, Hermes Cabin and the Hecate Cabin! You go with them while Shannon leads you to the Dionysus cabin. Get settled in and meet at the Big House." "And me?" Melia questioned, feeling a bit awkward. "You can come with us." the brunette said. Melia followed to the, what she assumed was, the Big House. "So, what's your names?" she asked, breaking the tension. "Oh! I'm sorry! I'm Jason Grace, son of Jupiter, Zeus' Roman aspect and Thalia's full brother, although she is of his Greek aspect. I came here to be with my girlfriend for the summer instead of at Camp Jupiter, the Roman demigod camp. I assume Thalia told you about it?" the blond said. Melia nodded and the girl holding his hand smiled. "I'm Piper McLean, daughter of Aphrodite and head counselor of the Aphrodite cabin." "Guess I'll be living here for now, huh?" "Yep! Now, let's go meet the camp director and the rest of the Big Seven!" Jason grinned. Melia smiled. Guess this'll be her new home, for now. The time has come... Suzume Crimson: PAIRINGS ARE UNDECIDED, AT THE MOMENT! It's either with Leo or Nico. I'm sorry, but I don't ship WillXNico/Willco/whatever or LeoXNico/Lico. Plus, me and a friend were thinking... what if, in The Blood of Olympus , when Leo rescued Calypso..., what if that was just his Elysium...? O.O So sad... WHY, RICK RIORDAN?! JUST WHY?! Yeah. Although, I do like Reynico, still... Other pairings are still the same; Percabeth, Jasper/Jiper and Frazel and the others I don't remember the ship names of. Also, I'm sorry if some of the Greek/Roman myths are wrong, but not all of them are... "accurate". Like Aphrodite's birth; some say she rose from the sea foam created by Ouranos' chopped-up body, but some also say she's the daughter of Zeus and Dione, so who knows exactly? Their descriptions, like the hair colours and stuff; it's also based off of Riordan's books. Gaea is also Gaia, here. *Awhile ago, in school, I learned that in the "newest" Canadian history books, there's never a "African-American" or "Filipino-American"; it was "African and American" or "Filipino and American". ** Chrysí̱ means "golden" in Greek. ***That is what a Camp Half-Blood shirt looks like. My friend has one. Anywho, R&R and SEE YOUS NEXT TIME! I really couldn't stop writing this! ^^ LONGEST CHAPTER OF ANY STORY EVAH! XD The meeting will be in the next chapter!