like she's going to hurt me. I said, "I'll—I'll try harder, ma'am." "Percy..." Pillar said again, tugging my hand nervously I shushed her. Thunder shook the building. "We are not fools, Percy Jackson," Mrs. Dodds said. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." I didn't know what she was talking about. All I could think of was that the teachers must've found the illegal stash of candy I'd been selling out of my dorm room. Or maybe they'd realized I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the Internet without ever reading the book and now they were going to take away my grade. Or worse, they were going to make me read the book. "Well?" she demanded. "Ma'am, I don't..." " Percy! " Pillar exclaimed, backing up from me and Mrs. Dodds. "Your time is up," she hissed. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. She wasn't human. She was a shriveled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me and my sister to ribbons. Then things got even stranger. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me. With a yelp, I dodged and felt talons slash the air next to my ear. I snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword—Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds spun toward Pillar with a murderous look in her eyes. She snarled, "Die, honey!" And she flew straight at her. Pillar yelped in alarm as came in contact with her, golding her shirts with her talons. She squirmed, trying to free herself from her grip that it was no use. Mrs. Dodds raised a shrivled hand. Absolute terror ran through my body. I sprinted towards them, and I did the only thing that came naturally: I swung the sword. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she were made of water. Hisss! Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching me. We was alone. There was a ballpoint pen in my hand. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody was there but me and my sister. My hands were still trembling. My lunch must've been contaminated with magic mushrooms or something. Had I imagined the whole thing? I had nearly believed that I had, until a tiny sob echoed in my head. I knelt down on the cold floor of the gallery room, staring at my twin. I stroked her hair and pulled her into a safe and reassuring embrace. "Stop crying. It's okay now. Nothing is going to hurt you. It's just me." I soothingly whispered in her ear, my heart breaking every time I heard her gasp for air. "I almost died. I would have died, had you not reacted so quickly." She murmured, her voice laced with fear. "Percy," she looked up at me, "what was that?" I wiped the tears off her face. "I don't know, but that's not my biggest concern right now. My biggest concern is you. Are you hurt, Pillar? Is something wrong?" She mouthed "no" and buried her head into my shoulder, ending her tears. We sat there like that for a while. Me, holding her, while Pillar get's herself together. I didn't mind it though. I only cared about whether or not she was okay. This is my sister, we're talking about. I care for her like no other and if something is wrong with her, something is wrong with me. "Percy?" She spoke after a while. "Yes, Sis?" "Can I borrow your jacket. My shirt has holes in it." We went back outside, my arm wrapped around Pillar protectively. It had started to rain. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw me, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." I said, "Who?" "Our teacher. Duh!" I blinked. We had no teacher named Mrs. Kerr. I asked Nancy what she was talking about. She just rolled her eyes and turned away. I asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But he paused first, and he wouldn't look at me nor Pillar, so I thought he was messing with me. "Not funny, man," I told him. "This is serious." Grover still didn't say anything. Thunder boomed overhead. I rolled my eyes at him and asked Grover to watch over my shaken-up sister while I go talk to Mr. Brunner. I saw Mr. Brunner sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if he'd never moved. I went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, Mr. Jackson." I handed Mr. Brunner his pen. I hadn't even realized I was still holding it. "Sir," I said, "where's Mrs. Dodds?" He stared at me blankly. "Who?" "The other chaperone. Mrs. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher." He frowned and sat forward, looking mildly concerned. "Percy, there is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling all right?