does he remind you of anyone when he was ten years old?" "Shut up." Luke was even more confused now. He was about to ask "what" again when he heard footsteps coming down the stairs. "What's all the ruckus?" Annabeth questioned. "I had finally gotten Bianca to get to sleep from all the noise and yelling…" she trailed off as she finally registered just who it was in her kitchen. When Luke looked back to Nico his head was hung low and his hair cast a shadow across his eyes and hid his face. "You...you named your daughter Bianca?" Nico asked quietly. Annabeth silently made her way to stand behind Percy's chair. Percy ran a hand through his hair and tried for a smile. "Nico, I'm sorry. I should've consulted you first but I...wanted to honor her and-" Nico stood up abruptly, cutting Percy off. Annabeth gulped and exchanged glances with her husband. "Stand up, kid," Nico ordered, staring directly at Luke. He swallowed his sudden fear and rose slowly to his feet. Nico made his way over to him and kneeled in front of him. He gingerly placed his lean hands onto Luke's shoulders. "You listen to me, kid. Your sister, Bianca," he seemed to trip over her name. "you've gotta take care of her. Even if she gets annoying, no matter what, you be a good big brother. Keep her safe and care for her. If you don't, I'll come after you." Nico was pretty intimidating, but somehow, Luke could tell that last part was more on the joking side. But the rest was deadly serious. Luke nodded. It wouldn't be hard because he'd planned to do just that anyway. Nico nodded curtly and rose to his full height; he was almost as tall as Percy maybe give or take a few inches. "I should get going," Nico declared smiling briefly at Annabeth. "Thanks for your help, Perce." Luke realized he didn't really want Nico to go. He liked the way he told stories and how he smiled and how he was humble and he seemed like a true hero. "Come back later, Nico," Annabeth said fondly. "We'll make you dinner. Just call us, okay?" Nico nodded. "Bye," he said. He smiled at everyone and winked at Luke before stepping back and disappearing into the shadow behind him. And he was gone. After Nico left, Luke turned to his father. "Who was that guy?" He had a dumb grin on his face. "He was awesome !" Percy and Annabeth chuckled lightly. "That was Nico di Angelo, son of Hades," Percy replied. "He's also an old friend of mine." "What was he like when he was younger?" "Well, believe it or not, he was your age when he found out he was a demigod. Remember Uncle Grover? Well he was my protector when I was young but when we found out about the prophecy, we were on high alert and looking for new demigods to gain and always keep away from Kronos." Annabeth sat down and motioned for Luke to sit on her lap. He clambered on and she wrapped her arms around his small chest as he leaned forward in anticipation to hear the story. Percy had only told him several stories about his demigod quests when he was small. "It was me, your mother, Grover, and Thalia Grace-remember her?-and we were sent to find two demigods found at a boarding school. Dr. Thorn, one of the teachers there turned out to be a manticore, the one Nico talked about in his story. And believe it or not, he was the one that turned me into a hero and you mom into a damsel in distress." Annabeth punched him on the arm. "Ow! I'm just kidding. In fact, your mother was probably the hero and I was the damsel in that instance. "Nico was one of the demigods we were sent to get. He was ten, like I said, and he was actually a lot like you just were." He chuckled. Then he frowned. "Although, later in his life he grew much more sad and angry." "Why was he like that when you talked about Bianca?" Luke interrupted. Percy went a little rigid before relaxing. Annabeth put a comforting hand on his arm. He took a deep breath. Percy then proceeded to explain what had happened to Bianca, choking on his words a few times. "That's why I wanted to name her Bianca. Not only to honor her, but to honor Nico, as well." Luke was sullen. "Oh." Percy noticed this. He took a deep breath and pushed his own sadness and guilt away for the time being. "But Luke, the story gets better! Nico was an awesome demigod. He was a lot like you that first year." Percy began to explain what happened in the years after the quest with the Hunters and the meeting with Atlas, the titan. Luke steadily grew more and more excited as Percy recounted his run ins with Nico di Angelo. He was practically bouncing out of his mother's grasp as Percy described what had happened at the Triple G Ranch with Geryon and how Nico had gotten much more powerful and even summoned ghosts. Percy told his son about how Nico defeated Minos and took the true name of the Ghost King. Annabeth piped up a few times to correct her husband but otherwise stayed silent. But when Luke looked back at her, she was usually smiling happily except for a few sad parts of the story. Percy talked until Luke was yawning but he still refused to go to bed until his father had finished his story. So Percy told their story all to way to the end of the war with Gaea. And by that time, it was too late. Luke was obsessed with Nico di Angelo. hope you liked it. leave a review to let me know it wasn't complete shit. or was it? gosh i hope not.