oh so anxious to have." "Do whatever you think it's best. Meanwhile, I'll have a black coffee and a chocolate croissant." "It's gonna be five dollars and twenty cents." She gave him six dollars and told him to keep the change. As Annabeth went to find a table, she heard him yell, "I'll be there in a few!" She found a table next to the window. While she waited, she stared out the window watching many couples past by. It was weird to think that she and Percy could be one of those couples walking around after all was sorted out. Lost in her mind, Annabeth didn't realize that Percy had sat down across from her with two coffees in his hands, so when he spoke she jumped a little on her chair. "Nice view, isn't it?" "You surprised me. Don't do that ever again." She sighed. "And yes, it is a nice view. But didn't you feel… jealous watching all those couples, who were probably each other's Soulmate?" "Yeah. I felt jealous sometimes, but others, I was worried about something else." Percy answered thoughtfully as he passed her her coffee. "Like what? Your next robbery?" Annabeth asked curiously. "Something related to that." He chuckled a bit but turned serious a moment later. "I was worried about my mom." She took a sip of her coffee and encouraged him to continue. "My mom...she has not been okay for the past year, ever since she had a car accident. It wasn't too serious, but after, we had to deal with all the legal stuff… Sue the one that hit her, deal with the car repairments...By the end of all that we lost more than we could've gained. We were left without a car, my mom was left with PTSD, and with a huge debt to the lawyer that helped us with the case." "While we tried to pay that debt, we struggled with other things: like paying the rent and buying basic necessities. We asked our landlord to give us an extension three months in a row, and now we owe them almost 4,000 dollars. If we don't pay them by next month, they are going to kick us out. I didn't see another alternative, so I started stealing." Annabeth considered that a good enough reason to steal, but it was still the wrong way. "Percy, didn't you try other ways?" "I did, but I didn't get enough money from that. There was a time when I had four jobs. Don't ask me how. It was still not enough." "How much do you owe now?" "We already finished paying the lawyer. What's left is the 4,000 of the landlord." Annabeth raised her eyebrows. One would think that with selling El Relámpago all monetary problems would've been gone. "What happened with the money you got from El Relámpago ?" She lowered her voice in the final part. "I used it to pay our debt to the lawyer. With what remained I bought my mom's pills and this month's groceries." "Does your mother know you're doing this?" "Ehh… Well, I think she knows since she has been scolding me indirectly about it," he said sheepishly. Annabeth gave him a disappointed look. "Look, Percy. I understand why you're doing this, but you need to stop. Eventually, you are going to get caught. If that happens you won't be able to help your mother anymore, right?" He sighed. "I know, but if I don't…" "If you are willing to stop stealing, I'm willing to help you," Annabeth proposed. "Are you serious!?" "Does it look like I'm not?" "No, not really. But how are we going to raise 4,000 dollars in a month ?" "Don't worry about that; I have a friend that might be able to help us." A month and a half later… "I can't believe it. We did it." Percy stared at her with a shocked face. "I can't believe we actually raised 4,000 thousand dollars in a little over a month ." "I can't believe it either. I'm glad everything turned fine at the end," Annabeth agreed. In the past month, they had been spending sleepless nights trying to find ways to raise the 4,000 dollars and many times they almost lost hope. Luckily, they had the help of Jason, who agreed to help them with a little push from Annabeth. Annabeth didn't really tell him that Percy was the thief, so he would cooperate. Between the three of them, they managed to plan activities to raise money. It was hard, but fun at the same time. During that month, she got to know Percy and have some of the best experiences of her life. "Annabeth. Annabeth. You still with me?" They were sitting at a table in the coffee shop were Percy worked. "Uh? Were you saying something?" Percy laughed at her question. "I was saying that Jason helped us a great deal. You kind of spaced out just now. What were you thinking about?" "I was thinking about the past month and how you really are a seaweed brain," she teased. "Why do you call me that? I still don't understand it." "Because you are," Annabeth said matter of fact. "If you get to call me that, then I get to call you something too." He seemed to ponder it for a moment before spouting, "You're Wise Girl from now on." "Oh, really? And why's that?" She rested her chin on her hand and leaned towards him. "Well, because you just are." He imitated her position and slowly leaned towards her, closing the distance that separated them, until finally reaching her lips. Warmth blossomed across Annabeth's chest, an amazing sensation she had never felt. She finally felt complete, the kiss giving her something that she didn't know was missing in the first place. Regretfully, Percy ended it a few moments after it started. "Thank you, Wise Girl." Annabeth was still a little dizzy from the kiss. "You're welcome, Seaweed Brain."