she can taste the sharp, metallic taste of blood. "And?" "I'm pretty hungry, and I could definitely use some company. Especially someone as beautiful as yourself." He smirks, seeming to have gotten back some of his usual confidence. "So, what do you say?" Annabeth weighs her options, trying to ignore the steady thud-thud-thud of her heart. She's going to be late for her shift at the bookstore, but who gives a damn anymore? And it's pizza . And Percy , who is admittedly her sole weakness. Besides, Piper could always cover for her if she sent a quick text. Finally, she makes up her mind. "Sure. I'd love to." The grin that spreads across his face is infectious. The booth that they're squished in is small and cozy, with black leather seats and a checkered tablecloth. New wave music blares out from a stereo at the cashier counter, and a soft orange light illuminates the restaurant. The whole place gives off a nice 80s vibe. Annabeth is pretending to study the menu but really, all she can think about is Percy's shoulder pressed directly next to hers. This boy would be the death of her. "I think I'll order us a Margherita. Does that sound okay?" Annabeth nods, tucking a stray curl of hair behind her ear. "Sounds great." "Anything to drink?" The waiter asks politely as they hand him back the menus. "Iced tea will be fine." She turns to Percy. "I'm guessing coffee for you?" He gives her a puzzled look. "I don't drink coffee. I'll have a Cherry Coke." As the waiter walks away, Annabeth raises her eyebrow. "You don't drink coffee?" "Yeah. Why do you sound so surprised?" Annabeth shakes her head, her messy bun bobbing from one side to another. "I don't know, I just thought that you really like it or something. I mean, you always smell like coffee..." She trails off, suddenly feeling flushed because she probably should not have said that. A teasing smirk grows on his face as he stares at her. "Oh, so you've noticed how I smell, huh? Interesting ." "Oh shut up, Seaweed Brain," she grumbles, punching him in the shoulder. He chuckles, shaking his head. "I smell like coffee cause I work part-time as a barista at a cafe in Fifth Avenue. Y'know, just to help out my mom and stuff." He grows quiet, like he's embarrassed and she resists the urge to smile. "I think that's really great. I'd love to try some of your coffee one day." She bumps his shoulder. Slowly, he grins. "You should drop by someday. Drink's on me. And 'S eaweed Brain'? Really?" "Why? Don't like it? Prefer if I called you darling?" She mocks, remembering their earlier conversation on the street. He leans back in the seat, folding his arms. "I would love that." "Well, dream on then, Jackson." He pouts. "Last name basis now, are we?" Before she can answer with a witty remark, someone walking over to their booth catches her attention, waving enthusiastically. "Yo, Percy!" Percy grins, standing up to give the stranger a one-armed hug. "Jason!" Annabeth realises that the stranger is Jason Grace, the boy Piper fawns over constantly . He's tall -even taller than Percy- and athletic with the stereotypical blonde hair and blue eyes. He's wearing a Goode High football jersey, and suddenly, Annabeth's struck by the fact that Percy is actually friends with football player s, which just shows that he doesn't give a damn about the status quo, (hence, the reason he's hanging out with a nerd like her). And she likes him even better for that. Annabeth's grateful that Percy doesn't completely forget about her, because he instantly sits back down next to her with a grin. "This is Jason, one of my best buds." "Nice to meet you," she says, smiling. "I'm Annabeth." Jason does a double take, then looks back and forth between her and Percy, his eyebrows raised so high they might as well have disappeared off his forehead. " You're Annabeth ? Annabeth as in the girl Percy never shuts up about? His super gorgeous math tutor?" Jason smirks. " Dude ," Percy hisses, but Jason ignores him, clearly enjoying himself. "Percy's like in love with you. Everyday it's Annabeth this, Annabeth that. Driving the rest of us fucking nuts ." Percy groans, hitting his head on the table and making the salt and pepper shakers jump slightly as he realises how horrible of an idea it was to introduce the both of them. Annabeth's a deep shade of red now, trying to say something because this is the second time in a day that she's utterly speechless. Luckily, Percy saves her. Jumping up, he pushes his friend away towards the exits, talking quickly. "Yeah, it was nice seeing you dude, but you've got a football practice to go to now, don't you?" Jason rolls his eyes, nodding. "Yeah, yeah. Have fun, you two. It was great meeting you Annabeth. See you tomorrow, Perce." With a wink, he disappears out the door, leaving Percy to sink down in his seat with another groan, covering his face with his hands. "Asshole." Annabeth smirks. "So.. super gorgeous math tutor, huh?" By now, Percy's face resembles an overripe tomato. "About that..." "God, just shut up and ask me out already, Seaweed Brain." "Oh! Right, right." He takes a deep, shaky breath, steeling his nerves. "Will you, Annabeth Chase, be my girlfriend?" She leans up to kiss him lightly on the lips, and he tastes like smoke, like things that aren't supposed to have tastes; ashes and heartbreak and thunderstorms and all the things in life you're supposed to stay away from, but most surprising of all, he tastes of hope. It is intoxicating and she never wants to pull away. And when he whispers her name softly against her lips, it sounds like poetry coming from his mouth. Pulling away, she smiles, eyes shining. "Does that answer your question?"