buzz in to get in. Maybe it was one of his neighbors? When he opened the door, you could say he was surprised. If he had brought his bowl of cheese with him like he had briefly considered, he would have dropped it in alarm, for an angel stood outside his door in the hall. He looked like the way people would expect an angel to look like. Blond curls that looked like God had taken centuries to carefully weave and create with golden thread, blue eyes that held the color of a summer sky, perfect skin that was free of any blemish or wrinkle. He was tall and had lean muscles, His wings were such a pure white one would think they were carefully crafted from dove feathers, picked and placed into their shape with pristine care and patience. He wore fashionably torn light washed jeans and a white tee-shirt. "Hello," he said, giving Nico a thousand watts smile. "I'm Will, Reyna sent me to look at your hands and body." Nico looked down at his hands as if they had started Armageddon without his knowledge. "My hands?" he repeated softly before looking back up. "Body?" Will's wings were no longer visible and a light gray pea coat had taken its place. It was unbuttoned and Will had his hands deep in the pockets. "She said Thalia cut you on your back and shoulder and your hands were scratched, I sincerely apologize on her behalf." Nico started at the perfectly carved face before blurting out, "I'm half demon, you know." Will cocked his head, resembling a confused puppy. "I'm aware, why do you have a terrible deed to confess?" "Why are you being nice to me?" Nico wondered. Will shrugged. "I'm nice to everyone. Now can I have a look at those babies?" Nico nodded and allowed Will into his apartment. The blond angel closed the door behind him and followed him into the living room, where the junk food was laid out on the coffee table and Stalker was still paused where Jack was talking to Ethan outside his mother's house. He thought about cleaning up the food, but worried that he would look stupid, so he just took a seat on the couch and hesitantly offered up his hands. Will looked around the apartment, taking particular interest in the picture of himself, Hazel and Leo on the shelf on the hutch on the other side of the room for a fraction of a second before taking a seat himself and gently grabbing his thin wrists. "Interesting company." Will said as he inspected the dark pink cuts, some of them were really deep while others really were just little scrapes. Reyna had not been lying-not that she could-she wasn't a good healer. "Excuse me?" Nico said. "I've met those two before." He shook his head, fighting a smile. "Their quite strange for demons." Nico stiffened a little, though he couldn't tell if it was because of the comment or because Will's hands were soft and warm against his beaten hands. They were healed in a blink of an eye. Will grabbed the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head so he could look at his shoulder and back closely, he let out a long, impressed whistle and went to work on his back. Once they was done he turned Nico back around and looked at his shoulder, Will started talking again. "I mean, most demons are set on spreading damnable ways, but those two just like to play tricks, things that make peoples days a little worse. They don't set out to corrupt, they set out to annoy and frustrate. It's amusing." Annoy and frustrate? That was certainly a dead ringer for them both. "Neither of them had anything to do with Lucifer," Nico found himself telling Will. "They were born demons." "I know." Will said. "I've taken into account all the angels and demons in our universe. Their names, their actions, their births, I find it to be interesting and important." Nico stared and he suddenly realized something. He had been there since the beginning, since before Lucifer's fall, he had so many years on Nico it was almost embarrassing. He shouldn't have been as intimidated as he was-he had met angels that old before. Reyna was one of them, as was Jason, Annabeth, Frank….and his mother. Will want on to say, "I've even taken you into account Nico di Angelo, a hybrid of demon and angel, truly one of a kind." Their eyes met, summer sky blue and chocolate brown. "Such a strange creature," he said lowly, his eyes were intense, like they could see straight threw him. "Strange, complex, but beautiful as well." He was trembling and Will didn't look all that concerned, just kept his fingers on Nico's shoulder. He watched as the skin healed perfectly, no scar or mark able to trace. "Thank you," he said, his voice shock but he tried to pretend he didn't notice. He grabbed the shirt that had been cast aside and put it back on, feeling slightly self-conscious. Will smiled at him brightly, his eyes no longer looking like they knew his every secret and thought. "You're welcome." He got up from his seat and started heading towards the door. Nico, feeling oddly desperate, followed after him. Will looked a little amused, "Perhaps I shall see you again, Nico. If you ever get injured again….I may find my way back to you." "Or perhaps without the injury." Nico said, and then blushed crimson when he realized what he had said. Will chuckled and his eyes changed again, going back to old and intense. "Perhaps." He whispered and then he was gone. Note: I'm thinking of making a part two of this. If I do it will have smut (maybe), Mpreg, and A LOT of drama. So tell me what you think. I read this over but let me know if there's anything I missed.