his own smile but with little success. Oh, he didn't regret this even a little. She tried not to let her walls be broken by his hands touching her forearms as if she was a flower petal. ''You should know better than not trusting my word princess.'' She sighed, gripping his upper arms and pulling him towards her (or more likely, pulling herself towards him). ''And you should know better than to scare me like this!'' she hissed. They were close enough to each other to be deemed inappropriate but it seemed like neither of them cared. Jason leaned even more and Piper shivered slightly at the slight tickle of his breath at her neck as he whispered in her ear. ''I am looking forward to my punishment tonight, my empress.'' Satisfied with her astounded face, he leaned down to plant a soft kiss on her palm. ''Would my future wife want to share this dance with me?'' Piper couldn't erase the stupid grin from her face all night. Later that evening, Jason woke up from the chill of the night breeze, hitting his bare back. His arm flexed a little and he noticed that his bed was empty. A frown crossed his face and he propped up on one elbow to search the room. He hadn't realized that worry was creeping in him until his eyes landed on her familiar form and he relaxed. The night was dark, the moon only a tiny crescent in the black sky. And still, Piper was standing at the doors, leading to the balcony, and looking out towards the sleeping city. A sheet was wrapped around her body, resembling a white toga, leaving one of her shoulders bare. She had tried to pull her hair up but some of the shorter strands had fallen and were swaying to the wind. Jason wondered how long she was standing there, barefoot and half-naked in the cold. She looked unreal, as if a goddess had decided to rest for a bit at the edge of his chambers. She was so lost in her own thoughts that he managed to startle her, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her a little towards his body, trying to warm her cool skin. ''Why aren't you asleep?'' he mumbled in her shoulder, before placing a gentle kiss upon an old scar there. ''Just thinking.'' She finally sighed before chuckling a little. ''It's not like I don't have what to think about.'' ''Any regrets?'' his question was teasing and he smiled to himself, hearing her laugh softly, almost carelessly. ''No. I don't regret a single thing that happened today.'' She turned to look him in the eyes and he couldn't help but kiss her just because. When they pulled apart though, her eyes turned back to the streets of Athens, worry lines appearing on her forehead. ''But I'm afraid that my happiness will bring misery to my people.'' ''Why so?'' he asked in confusion, straightening up a little. ''By tomorrow Dylan will know about us and he won't hesitate to attack. I'm afraid that the Persians will be ruthless this time. And then, every fallen person's blood will be on my hands.'' Her voice wavered and he tightened his hold on her, putting his chin on her head. ''You're forgetting that Rome is your ally now. My legions will fight with the Greeks. The Persian king won't know what hit him.'' ''Oh he'll know.'' Her voice sounded lower, angrier. ''I'll personally make sure that he won't forget who he is standing against.'' He snorted. ''You're not fighting.'' he announced this with such confidence that Piper found herself getting angry again. In a blink of an eye she stepped away from his embrace and spun around to face him, eyes narrowed. ''I am a princess of Greece Jason, I'm also a demigod and as such, I'm part of Greece's most elite army. I can't betray my people and step away when they need me most!'' she raised her voice. ''I am not risking your life when it is not needed!'' he shot back, equally angry now. Her dark smile surprised him. ''You think that I can't handle it?'' she asked before letting the sheet drop to the floor, shortly followed by his jaw. She closed the distance between them and he immediately encircled her waist. ''You forget something very important emperor,'' Her voice was almost a whisper, luring him in and paralyzing him at the same time. By the time he understood her game, she had already pinned him on the bed and was hovering above him, noses almost touching. ''Nothing can stop Aphrodite when she wants to protect those she loves. That's why she gets so well with Ares.'' He could barely concentrate on her words as her fingers traced a line down his chest. ''Love and war aren't such different games.'' Finaly, finally , she leaned and kissed him deeply, earning a moan from him. He knew that he was defeated when he felt her smile on his lips and hurried to take some of his pride back. He flipped them over, effectively startling her and causing her to lose concentration. He grinned as he felt the effect of her magic wavering. ''Gods, I can't wait for you to be my wife,'' he kissed her passionately. ''my empress.'' ''Even then, you won't be able to keep me away from battles.'' She smiled knowingly at him. ''We're a team Pipes, you and me.'' He confirmed, letting his hands wander down her body. ''We will fight side by side.'' ''Di Immortales, I love you!'' she moaned in his mouth, causing him to break the kiss and smile at her again. ''And I love you.'' Okay, this didn't turn out exactly as I planned it. Sorry if they are any mistakes, I'm a bit out of practice. Hope you liked it and even if you didn't, tell me in a review! I hope you all had a great Valentine's day! Love you!