frowned, but I didn't give her a chance to interrupt. There was something about Annabeth, she made me feel like she was really listening, and more than that, she made me feel like she actually cared about what I was saying. I found myself telling her everything about my life, well almost everything. I talked about my three little all-natural brothers who I love more than anything, my natural sister who gets on my nerves in an endearing fashion, my school, Jenna, even about my ex-boyfriend, though I only skimmed the surface on that one. By the time I was done, it was late afternoon, and I had just about lost my voice. "Alright, your turn." I finally said. "Well, I was raised for the first few years of my life by my father. Then he got remarried and my evil stepmother didn't like me bringing monsters around all the time, so I ran away. I made it here with a couple other half-bloods and a satyr. My dad and I are still working on our relationship, but my real mom and I are slightly better off. She's Athena, you see, and she's finally started speaking to me, which is nice. My boyfriend, Percy, has saved the world more than a couple of times, but he won't talk about it if you ask him. He's cute that way. He's the son of Poseidon. Then there's the other major honcho, Jason. He's the son of Jupiter, so he and Percy butt heads a bunch." "What, I mean, if I was a demigod, not that I am, but if I was, who do you think my parent would be?" She looked me over seriously, and I gave her kudos for not smiling. I don't think I would have been able to keep a straight face after hearing such a convoluted sentence. "Well, you could be a child of Ares… no offense, but you're kind of hot headed. Or maybe… Apollo? You have Hermes eyebrows, but you've never been caught stealing. Of course, you could always be a child of one of the minor gods. I think that's more likely since you didn't mention ever fighting off monsters." Just then a conch sounded over the camp and Annabeth leapt to her feet. "Come on. That's dinner. You're going to be sitting with the Hermes kids since he's the god of travelers." "I thought he was thieves." I said as we jogged down the hill. "He's that too. And the god of medicine. He actually covers a pretty broad spectrum, but you're with him nonetheless." At the pavilion, Annabeth introduced me to Connor and Travis, psycho brothers who I'm pretty sure were on drugs. They were so alike they could have passed as identical twins, so I lost track of who was who about two minutes after meeting them. Both boys had crazy curly red hair, arched eyebrows, and matching mischievous grins. They both had the weird leather necklaces on, and matching orange camp shirts. I'm pretty sure that if they wanted to, they could get ready just by looking at each other, no mirrors necessary. Once Annabeth left, the two started talking ninety miles an hour, leading me over to a table with about twenty other campers assembled around it. "So who are you?" "Newbie, eh? Well don't worry, we'll get you sorted." "We're your councilors for now. But you should get claimed pretty soon." "Right, that's when your parent on the uh, higher side names you as one of their spawn." "You're supposed to be claimed when you're thirteen, but obviously that didn't happen." "You are older than thirteen, right?" "Duh, look at her. I'd say she's about two years younger than me." "Wanna make it a bet?" "You're on. Five bucks." "Why not go for ten? Unless you're doubting yourself already?" "No way. Challenge accepted." "So how about it, girly? How old are you?" They both turned to me expectantly, and I realized they actually expected an answer. "Oh, uh. Sixteen." The brother on the right crowed. "Whoo! That's ten bucks!" "Come on." The other one muttered, "Let's get her filled in." "Hey, so how'd you make it so long on your own?" They asked; I was beginning to see them as a single entity. "I'm not like you guys, okay? I don't have a godly parent. Just two human parents." The Stoll brothers exchanged looks, but were kept from responding by the arrival of the food. It was brought out to us by a bunch of little girls dressed in green and brown. I raised my eyebrows at the brothers. "Um, I'm not sure if you're aware of this, but slavery was abolished from the US like, fifty years ago." The brothers laughed. "They're wood nymphs." My eyes widened. "Nymphs?" "Yeah, they help out at the camp since they live here. It's kinda like a return service for us not killing their trees and all." "I can't believe this." I managed as the nymphs set the food on our table. "Is this for real? It isn't just some practical joke right?" The brothers laughed again, "You insult us; our jokes are much cooler than this. I mean, let's get real, Hermes is the god of thieves." "Right. Hermes." I saw the first table get up and start tossing some of their food into the bonfires that littered the pavilion. "Burnt offerings? Really?" "Yeah. The gods like the smell." "The smell. Of burning food." Suddenly, it was just all too much. I stood quickly, muttered some excuse about not being hungry, and ran out of there like Hades himself was after me. Not that I believed in things like that. Please comment, follow, or rate, but don't hate! If you like it, please tell me! If not, you can tell me that too. I'll try to update the story at least once a week, so if you have some ideas, feel free to throw them out there. Thank you all, NinjaB.