reinstated man-card for cuddling the divine bundle of diabetes, they did many things an amateur author has no patience for fleshing out, and they became very good friends. And they only became friends; because honestly, she's a Virgin Goddess. Simply being friendly and flirting a bit isn't going to make her break a vow she's kept for thousands of years. Now, in present day, Hestia was tending to the Olympian Throne Room's hearth during the Winter Solstice meeting, trying her best to ignore as her family bickered around her like children. She wasn't even sure what it was about this time, something about Aphrodite turning a hunter lesbian? Wouldn't be the first time… She knew she was tempting the fates, but she couldn't stop herself from wishing she was currently in Aidan's amusing company. Unfortunately, Atropos has been waiting all week for that exact thought. Oh how she loves granting people what they want in the worst of ways. She also enjoys being called by the name of her first Demigod son "Murphy". Nary 10 minutes later, Hestia suddenly stood ramrod-straight with a gasp and wide eyes. Silence reigned in the throne room as all the Olympians turned towards her. Zeus was about to ask what was wrong when Hestia suddenly blurted out, "Igottagofriendintroublemighthaveafatesbedamnedpromisetokeepbebacksoonbye!" As she disappeared, one thought filled all the Olympian's heads, 'What in Tartarus just happened?' ~Meanwhile, in the streets of Vancouver~ Hestia appeared in a flash on the rooftop of a building. She could hear growls and a man's heavy breathing in the alleyway off to the side of the building. As she ran over to look, she caught the end of the battle. Aidan getting his throat slit by wicked claws and a Belphegor, a wolf-like soul-eating demon with bat wings and a taste for lazy human's souls, finding itself with a bleeding gash blinding it in its left eye. Tears form in her eyes as she watched Aidan die, but the Ancient Laws forbid interfering with Monsters attacking living prey. She had to time things just right, and kill the demon the instant Aidan dies before he can be devoured. If she succeeds, she won't have to go through with that fates-be-damned promise. 'Concentrate… concentrate… 6 heartbeats left… 5… 4… 3… 2- Tartarus damn it, I misjudged!' she leapt down on top of the demon as fast as she could, intent on killing it. Unfortunately, Hestia is unaware of the nuances of advanced combat… such as sensing killing intent, or listening to the wind for incoming projectiles… nuances the Belphegor were well acquainted with. The wolf-like demon lunged forward, grasping the just-released soul in its mouth and landing 2 meters ahead of Hestia as she landed. The Belphegor knew it was screwed, acquainted with combat or not Hestia was a powerful Goddess, so it didn't move a muscle, looking for some way to turn things to its advantage… or at least spite the Goddess enough that its superiors wouldn't simply eat it for its failure. Unfortunately for Hestia, she was also unaccustomed with the spitefulness of demons, especially the soul-eaters. "Give me the soul, unharmed, and I will let you have a 10 second head-start." She said, unaware of how badly she fumbled. The demon however grinned nastily, " UNHARMED, YOU SAY? … SORRY, THAT'S NOT IN MY VOCABULARY. " And bit down on the soul and used its claws to tear the rest not in its mouth to shreds. It swallowed the small piece of soul before being stabbed-through with a fire-lance. The damage was done, however, and the demon laughed as it turned to dust. Tears crawled down Hestia's cheeks as she hastily collected all the pieces of soul she could, using her power to stop them from immediately fading. By the time she was done, only two-thirds of it remained, and the rest refused to meld back together… it was irreparable. "Dammit Aidan, why did you have to be prophetic; why couldn't you just be crazy and paranoid!? At least we could have laughed at that…" The Goddess complained. She wanted to complain more, to grieve longer, but her power would only stop the fading for so long, and she had the worst possible promise to keep. Compressing her power around the pieces, she shrunk them down to the size of a marble; far easier to handle for this. She took once last deep breath, popped it in her mouth, and swallowed. She immediately flashed back to her temple on Olympus, and cried her heart out. ~Inside Hestia~ Normally, when a soul is eaten; it is broken down into pure energy, and assimilated into the being that ate it and makes them stronger. Normally, when a soul is eaten, it is done with the intent to do exactly this. This was not a normal event. Hestia did not want to make Aidan fade, even if she knew intellectually that he would have faded anyway. As her body hesitated in absorbing the foreign power, her immortality sensed damage, and sent essence to fix it… only the damage wasn't Hestia's. Hestia's essence reached the soul shards, and fused with them to fix the perceived damage… making a patchwork soul of Aiden's remains and Hestia's godly power. Now recognizing the foreign power as belonging to Hestia, her body no longer saw need to assimilate it. Now, one other part of Hestia's body noticed the newly patchwork'd soul, and got to work on something that normally would never happen in Hestia's body. After all, there's only one natural way 2 souls would exist in a single body, especially with the 2nd soul being reminiscent of the 1st. Pregnancy. xO*Ox And that's the Prologue. Please tell me what you think, feedback of ALL kinds is what motivates me the most… and I have major problems with Motivation. Please review as much as you can, even if just to tell me to get to work on the next chapter. With the Madness needed to Prosper, Nihatclodra .