not wanting to scare him too much. He looks around and tilts his head in confusion then realization flashes through his eyes and he points at me. "YOU CAME!" he yells and smiles. I chuckle and nod. "I told ya I would." Percy's POV "I told ya I would" he chuckles. I smile at him. A real smile, one I haven't had since forever. "So where am I exactly?" I ask him, while looking around at my surroundings. "You're at my house. It's only next door, but Gabe won't know that." he responds while winking and putting a finger to his lips, signaling to keep quiet about it, which makes me happy. I nod my head and look over and just notice the lady, who is leaning against the wall to my left. " Hello miss, who are you?" I ask as politely as possible. She smiles at me and walks up, making me nervous, but her presence calms me down for some unknown reason. " my name is Hestia and I mean you no harm my poor boy. You have been through too much for someone as small as yourself." Her face contorts to fury, but I feel it not directed towards me. Even so I start to panic and she seems to see it in my eyes as the fury calms down some. " well now that you are safe and away from him, my nephew and I would like for you to go to a Camp." She begins to tell me. "What type of camp, miss?" I ask in confusion, thinking she was talking about a kind of summer camp. "A type of camp, for people who have a similar life to yours, Percy. A life that no one should have to endure Tell me boy, have you ever done something that you thought was impossible? (I got that from Harry Potter)." I think of all the times that dad tried to plunge my face in the toilet or drown me in the ocean or bathtub, with me coming out dry and being a natural swimmer. I look up at Hestia in wonder to how she knew. She smiles at the realization in my eyes. "I thought so, boy. Have you ever heard of Greek Mythology?" she asks me randomly. At least I think it's at random. Until I see the seriousness in her eyes. I nod my head in response, remembering the many Latin classes that I was forced into by my mother's will. "well boy your real father is one of the Gods that you learned about." She begins, " I think that you, being as smart as you are, can figure out which god you are the son of." She says seriously and warmly at the same time. Suddenly I get an idea. "P-Poseidon?" I say shakily and picture what I know him as. She nods and smiles. Then frowns. "Now, sweetheart, how long ago did your mommy leave?" she asks me gently. " I have to inform him." I sniff, feeling the memories pass through my head. Yes I remember her, slightly. I remember seeing a women's face smiling and crying when I was born. I think that was my mother. "A-a few minutes after I was born." I continued to cry silently as tears came down my face, remembering the warmth the beautiful woman that brought me into the world had with her. "That long ago….. Umm how old are you and what's your name boy?" she asks me warmly. I look up at her then look over at the teen. Then back at Hestia. "I am Perseus Ugliano Jackson." I said, taking my mom's maiden name as I was to be called, before dad Gabe told me it was really Ugliano(sp?). " I am 12 years old to answer you first question." I told her. She nods and says, "Now, about that camp. I think the only way for you to be safe without breaking any laws would be for you to live there. I am not saying you have to live there forever. Just until you can live in the real world and until the other Olympians do not want to kill you. Hmmmmm. I guess you should go now." She said. That last part was said quietly though as if she didn't want me to hear it. Well I did anyway Hestia if you do want me to go now, can you tell me who your nephew is?" I ask nicely. She facepalms. "this is my nephew Apollo. And he is your cousin as well, since he is Zeus's son. " she tells me, " now, as you know Greek Mythology, you know what our domains are, correct?" she asks me. I nod. "Good so I don't have to explain. However, when you get claimed in front of the whole camp, pretend you don't know who your father is. And when the claim mark appears don't be surprised if you see more than one symbol." She says then winks. I nod my head slightly confused before she takes my hand and we teleport to a wooded area. When we landed, I immediately started to look around to see where we were. Apparently the camp is ahead because there is a large arch with some Greek letters on it. I think it means Camp Half-Blood. Weird name I know. I'm telling the truth though. "Well, here we are Perseus. I will check up on you every so often to make sure you are okay here. Pray to me if you need my help, and I will do the best I can to answer." She told me while smiling. I smile a very faint real smile then as quickly as it appeared, it disappeared. "Ok, Hestia, I will. See you soon I hope" I say quietly, before hugging her and turning around, walking towards my new life. I hope this is better than Gabe's house. Only one way to find out.