sweat, sex, and cologne. Barely more than eight hours in the country and he had managed to bed someone. What was his life? He had left the blond man, Jason he had learned, in the bed, knocked out and softly snoring underneath blue sheets. The one bedroom apartment was tastefully decorated, but lacked any personal decorations. Stale pictures of friends and family were stacked on shelves and artwork most likely bought from Pier 1 were placed strategically around the living room. Even the bedroom seemed to be bare of anything signifying that Jason enjoyed his home. Nico shook his head. It was a little disappointed, but Nico had yet to decorate his own apartment so he shouldn't be complaining. Nico pulled on his clothes just in time to catch the dull tone of a ringtone. "Hello?" "We need you to come in. We found him." Nico nodded on the other end, even if no one say him. "Thank you. I will be there shortly." Nico opened the door to the apartment and looked around once more. The other guy wouldn't possibly miss him at all. It was not like he could afford a private life at this time. He had too many personal issues to sort through first. Nico shut the door behind him, leaving behind a good opportunity. "Look up!" Sharp light met gaunt flesh and Minos opened his eyes. He was tied to a chair, hands and feet dead bolted to a metal chair. A lamp was hanging precariously in the black room. Thanatos, his second-in-command, was standing over him, leering. Several of the Death Syndicate members were staring around the room, just staring at him. He had been making his way home from a night at the Delphi, when he had been tackled. Now he was here, bound and tied like a criminal like the very people he worked for. The metal door opened and the first thing Minos heard was the pounding of boots on the linoleum. "I leave you in charge for four months and you manage to almost destroy my organization." The voice was rough, but it was also tempered as if the man was holding back his anger. "I haven't done anything." Minos denied. "Are you sure? Thirteen or fourteen deaths in the past three months alone. That doesn't have my name written on it." The prince was not satisfied. If anything, he was implicating a lot. "I never orchestrated those kills. You should release me." He couldn't see the face behind the mask, but everyone could feel the coldness seeping from the masked man. Minos only chose ten to die, but who was truly counting. "Does Hades know that you are interrogating his favorite—ah!" His sentence was cut off by a sharp punch to the face, the brass knuckles breaking skin and bone. Minos could feel his nose bleeding profusely. "The question wasn't answered. Stop deflecting. If I had it my way, you would have been gone a long time ago for what you did to my sister. But father kept you for a reason, but your usefulness has expired." The brass knuckles came off and a smaller figure approached, giving the Prince a tray of medical utensils. "You sold out our hideout to the very people we don't want there. You gave away secrets to detectives, not to mention Janus. And Hades is very displeased with you. But, before we dispose of you, we can make this a little fun." He perched himself on a stool in front of Minos and cold hand forced his chin up. "I have a few toys and you get to choose which one you want to be acquainted with." Mino's dark eyes widened with fear. On the tray was a scalpel, a knife, tweezers, and forceps. "You have ten seconds to choose or I will choose for you." "No, no, no please!" "Five seconds." "I swear I didn't do anything. Nothing happened when I met with Augustus. Please! I have a wife and child." "You have a whore and innocent daughter that is happily married to a better man than you will ever be." The prince cut him off and grasped the forceps. "Just remember Minos, I am the Ghost King." And then, the Ghost King threw back the stool, two members came forward and pulled Minos back in the chair, triggering the reclining function. "I suggest you spill all that you know." They had to clean up. The Ghost King was covered head to toe in blood, Minos's blood to be exact. The carcass had been disposed of by Melinoe and her pets. Minos's eyes and nails had been swept away into a basin and he felt as though he had killed Ice Princess all over again. "You were very intimidating today." Thanatos complimented. He was older, an advisor and model to look at for the business. "I don't take traitors very well." He shrugged and wondered how he would clean off his boots or out of his suit. "Had a message to send to everyone." "So you made is graphic enough to look like Khione's death. Clever, but you do know that none of us killed Khione." "She had it coming. No offense, but she was lying to Boreas and herself if she thought no one was going to catch her trying to ally with Augustus to take over the city's narcotic trade, especially in this area. Everyone knows that it is yours." Thanatos gave a toothy, but creepy smile. "You ready to take over from here." The Ghost King smirked. "I've been pulling the strings for the past six months in order to get Minos in trouble. I think I can takeover." "So, who's next on the list of potential victims?" "I'm going after the ones who killed my sister. Then, I'm taking their business." Thanatos nodded, knowing enough about the younger man to not question his logic. "Oh, and I need you to add someone to the list." "Who?" "Jason Grace."