said she would. They couldn't find it anywhere and even searched us to find nothing so they took out the spare. They locked us in and around three in the morning we unlocked in from the hole by the doorknob, opening the door. (Time flip) "Shhh Nico. Up the stairs quietly or they will wake up." She whispers as we walk up the wooden stairs of the abandoned house teens now use as a drug hall. We made it upstairs with barely any creeks from walking up the rotting boards. She grabs my hands trying the backdoor to find that it is jammed shut from old age. We will have to use the front door. Past the teenagers. We walk into the living room slowly trying to get to the door. Bianca sees a gun sitting on the table next to her and grabs it, moving the weed that sits in baggies onto of it. We start towards the door until my foot gets caught on the edge of a tiny table where a lamp is placed. When I move my foot it knocks over the table, breaking the lamp. The teens jump up with a start to see me and Bianca standing there in our jackets holding a gun and the key hanging from my neck. "You bad kids!" Josh shouts. "You are getting punished tonight!" He goes to get us, but only to be shot in the head by my sister whose eyes are wide as she watches him fall like mom. "You bastard!" Tina screams throwing a chair at us. Bianca pulls me shooting Tina in the chest three times. She then shoots Liam in the leg and then the arm. She shoots Sadie in the heart, if she had one and Jake was nowhere to be found. Bianca puts her hand on my shoulder looking at me in the eyes. "We are safe now. We will tell the cops what I had to do, but it will be okay. I promise, Nico. It is oka-" She stops talking. Bianca's eyes go wide staring at me as she coughs blood. Jake stands behind her glaring down at me. My eyes grow staring up at him in horror. "Nico...run. Now Nico, run…" She mumbles blood pouring from her lips. Jake then slices the blade across her throat shutting her up. I hold onto the Hades toy she gave me and turn running for the door throwing it open. I rush through the forest hearing Jake scream that he is gonna rip me apart and kill me. Tears fall down my face as I run down the hill to the tiny town. I see the police station and run for it crying my eyes out. Bianca's blood is all over me making me feel sick to my stomach. I am nine years old turning ten and covered in my sister's DNA. I grab onto the door running into the place stopping near the door. Jake isn't chasing me anymore, he must of gotten scared off. The police officers stare at me in horror rushing over to me making me scream when they get near me. I stopped trusting people. (Time flip) Now here I am, a 14 year old that has seen nonstop death. My sister's throat being ripped open, my dad hanging himself and beating my sister and I. Being raped for years. Being on the streets and stealing. So much shit. When I was expelled in 6th grade I when into a drinking and smoking phase. I became anorexic and looked like a skeleton. I cut and tried to kill myself multiple times. I was in the mental hospital a lot to the point where the cops would stop by and check up on me. I had one cop named Lea I was pretty close to, but not enough that I still refused to let him touch me or tell him really anything. I had his number and every day he would text me have a good day Nico or whatever. He even let me come to his house and have dinner with his family some nights. I didn't end up getting adopted. I refused to stay with anyone. Now I live in an apartment paid by the government. This building is full of teens or young adults. Its for kids who have no parents, but are old enough to handle themselves a bit. With the help of the government of course. The people in this place are kids who lost their parents, mostly gay kids from being disowned. We all are a bunch of young people trying to get over our past. The government can keep better track on us with us living in here. It's not a place we are trapped in, we can move and walk anywhere we want. They don't get in our business unless we are causing danger to ourselves. Like I am. Now skipping all of 7th grade all I did was study and cause damage to myself. So now I am being forced to school by the government because I am underaged. I have no friends, I refuse to allow people near me, I don't like being touched, and I don't believe in true love. After I dated this one guy...yes a guy… I dropped true love down the drain. He was abusive and knew I was weak because of my past, using that against me. Now I found out he was with a girl and cheating on me. He was only dating me because I couldn't fight back if he tried to screw me. When people do sexual things I end up freezing so I can't move. So I am an easy target for people looking for the D. Now I told my cop friend Lea who get this kid off my chest for me. So that problem is also in the past. Don't pity me by the way. I hate that. So stick your pity up your ass.