tearing through her, raking her nails across Nico's chest and making her toes curl up. "Oooohhh yes! Yes! Aaaahhh!" "Uunnggh! I'm coming!" Nico groaned out as he gritted his teeth, his hips and his position freezing as she undulated on her hips. "Oh Gods! Hecate!" His hips started twitching and rocking as he came to his climax, spurting his seed into her glistening wet pussy. Stream after stream of warm, sticky cum shot into her as her orgasm subsided and she collapsed on top of him. Nico finally stopped coming and slumped his body flat on the matted floor. Hecate rose her head up to meet him face to face as she lay on his chest. "That was exquisite, I may pay you a visit more often when you're alone, Nico." She purred as she stroked his muscled abdomen. Nico didn't know what to say, his lust subsided and perhaps the spell wore off, but he felt exhilarated and satisfied from having sex with a beautiful girl. The fact replayed in his head; he had sex with Hecate, Goddess of Magic of all people, and came inside her. 'Dear Chaos, please tell me she doesn't become pregnant.' Nico mentally worried. Suddenly, she got up and placed her hands against the wall, sticking her ass out as a means to signal Nico to come over to her. The same lusty look appeared on her face. "One more round, Hero. I need more of you. I want more, Nico." Nico grinned, he found her irresistible and walked over to her. He positioned himself at her rear and rubbed his cock against her pussy lips, trying to regain hardness, which didn't take long and slid into her. Earning a moan from her in the process. "Come on, keep screwing me like an animal! Faster!" She cried out as he began pumping her pussy once more, her moist folds were already providing enough lubricant to slide it in and out faster than before. Her hair was slightly messy and a few strands stuck to her forehead because of the sweat as Nico kept pounding her, making it more enjoyable every minute. She lifted a leg in the air and Nico grabbed it to hold it up while he continued plowing into her. Minutes later they reached their climax again and Nico poured another deposit of cum into the silver haired Goddess. He sat back down, exhausted, and she joined him in a sultry embrace with a satisfied look on her face. "I greatly enjoyed that, Nico. I know you did too, there's so much of your 'essence' dripping down my legs." She purred, licking the side of his cheek. The lust spell died down on Nico vastly, but realization still held firm in his mind. "I…I just had sex with a Goddess." Hecate rolled her eyes and smirked, she cupped his chin with her hand and looked directly into his eyes. "Don't worry, I won't get pregnant, and this'll probably happen with other Goddesses, if your luck, I'll probably be part of it." "What are you talking about? It's one thing you enchanted me into this, but now you want me to have sex with other random Goddesses?" Nico asked, outraged. "You have satisfied me and so I shall bestow upon you a very special and unbreakable enchantment. Give me a moment." She stood up and magically rematerialized her clothes, she closed her eyes and chanted a few bizzare words. Nico suddenly felt strange as a pink glow covered his body and vanished, she stopped chanting and looked at him with a grin. "What did you do?" "You now have the ability to enchant and allure any girl you come in contact with or desire greatly, your hormones will connect with theirs and they will be just as amorous as you feel at that moment. They'll want it as much as you will, in basic terms; you can make any woman or girl yours. That is my gift to you." Nico gave her a deadpan look, not only did this Goddess spellbind him into having sex with her, now she made it so that he will have that effect on other girls like she had on him just now. "Uh…thank you…?" "You may feel like this is going in a bad direction, but you will enjoy and savour it, it won't change their freewill, it'll just bring out what they felt tenfold. That includes Goddesses, Titans, Demigods, mortals and people in Elysium, it even affects Maiden Goddesses." She said, straightening her hair. "Maiden Goddesses? They don't feel that way about me, do they?" Nico asked, confused. She smirked. "All Maiden Goddesses are tempted, and every girl loves the bad boy look, you're probably the bad boy king, and you're welcome by the way. I will take my leave now, I'll be seeing you again very soon, Nico, and who knows, we may even have a group experiment with you and other girls. We'll see." She said as she opened a portal until Nico called out to her. "Hey wait, I could, uh, use a little help dressing myself here." Nico said, embarrassed, as he covered himself in the nude. She winked and magically rematerialized his clothes, he thanked her and then caught a piece of purple cloth she tossed at him. It was her underwear, still moist from arousal. "See ya later, Nico." She said, vanishing into the portal. Nico just stood there with panties in his hands, unsure of how to make of this new situation. 'Any girl I want, huh? Should I even use this power? Does it automatically activate? Um…I need to go to bed and think about this, either the greatest thing happened to me or the most chaotic.' Nico thought, grabbing his things and leaving the arena, shadow traveling to Camp Half-Blood. He walked down a path toward the Hades Cabin, a faint smile on his face. 'A bizzare yet fun day in the Underworld,' he thought to himself.