gift shop. Okay, maybe she had forgotten I am completely broke, how am I supposed to pay for Nancy's new shirt? Even if she did make me go in there, there was no way in hell that I would buy her a new shirt. That just crosses the line, way too far. But apparently that wasn't the plan. She kept on walking and I followed her deeper into the museum, until we finally made it into the Greek and Roman section. The only ones there was us. Weird…. She finally stopped walking and crossed her arms. And started growling? Call me crazy but I know the difference between growling and a weird noise. This was definitely growling. "You've been giving us problems honey" she said. I said the first thing that come to my mind, "Huh?". She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket. "Did you really think you would get away with it?" The look in her eyes was beyond evil or mad. It was evil-mad. A mixture of both. Oh the horror! "Look I don't know whats going on in you crazy big head but I haven't done anything to deserve the weird look your giving me Miss Dodds. You know what I'm going to go back outside and you can stay here and calm down. Does that sound like a good idea or what?" I raised my eyebrow up at her. "We are not fools, Pearl Jackson" Mrs. Dodds said. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." "And what have I done to deserve this threat from you Ms Dodds?" I said dramatically and then rolled my eyes. It's either she's on drugs or she must've found the stash of overly expensive candy I'd been selling. Or maybe they'd realised I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the Internet without even giving the book a second glance and now they were going to make me fail. I gasped. Or worse, they were going to make me read the book. "Yup your totally crazy" I turned around to leave but apparently that was the wrong idea. She hissed behind me and when I turned around she was this ugly thing that had bat wings, claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs. Ewww. Ever learn to brush you teeth? Mr Brunner came in with a pen in his hand. And i'm like are you serious? A pen? This woman, no, ugly creature, is about to kill me and you bring a pen? What is this pen war I? "What ho, Pearl" he tossed the pen in the air and I caught it, but as soon as it made contact with my hand it turned into a sword. It was Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds had a murderous look in her eyes. I smirk up at her and held the sword confidently in my hand "Come at me MDMTGTEEOD. I knew you were a monster". "Die, Honey!" she yelled and lunged at me using her wings to come at me faster. My bangs shadowed my face and I held the sword with two hands. I counted down how long it would take for her to near me: 3… 2.. 1. I did not only thing reasonable for this situation. I swung the sword. As soon as the blade her shoulder and passed through her as if i'd slice up some butter. She hissed and turned into a pile of gold dust. The room was silent and still. I was alone. With the evil murderous eyes of Mrs. Dodds still sending chills down my spine. The sword had transformed back into pen as if it were never a sword. And Mr Brunner was no where in sight. Sighing to myself I walked out of the museum and stood outside. I twirled the pen in my hand and studied it. Mrs. Dodds. Bat like wings, unbrushed yellow fangs, long as claws that need to be trimmed off-I mean she can hurt someone with those! Ugly monster. I thought for a moment. Nahhh. Must've been my overly powered imagination. I shrugged and walked down the stairs. Grover was sitting down by the fountain and Nancy was still soaked. When she saw me, she smirked said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." "Who?" I asked. "Our teacher. Duh" she said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world. I blinked. And then blinked again. Since when did we have a teacher named Mrs Kerr. "Has the water effected your brain or something?" I asked. She just glared at me and walked off. "Hey Grover guess what Mrs Dodds-". "Who?" he cut me off and then paused as if he had said something wrong, he wouldn't look at me. "Oh! I get it. Your just joking. Haha you can't full me Grover" I laughed, "anyways, this is serious" I stopped laughing and looked at him with a serious face. "I don't know what your talking about Pearl", he answered. I rolled my eyes and walked over to Mr. Brunner, who was sitting in his wheelchair, a red umbrella hovering over him, and was currently reading a book. "Hey Mr. Brunner-" "Ah, that would be my pen, Miss Jackson, please try to bring your own stationary in the future" he cut me off. I handed him the pen because I didn't know what else to do. "Hey Mr Brunner, where did Mrs. Dodds go?" I asked. He looked up at me blankly "Who?". "Uh, Mrs Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher" I said. He frowned at me and looked at me with a concerned look. "Pearl, there has never been a teacher Mrs. Dodds ever at Yancy Academy. Are you, alright?" he asked. "Yeah I'm fine" I managed make a smile appear on my face. A/N: Thank you For Reading. Please comment about your opinion on the story is. The End