the blaze with his spear held over his head. Ryan fell on his back and quickly brought two stone slabs from the ground to shield him. The spear cracked through the stone and stopped just inches from his face. Before Ryan could breath a sigh of relief the stone around the spear was rapidly melting. Ryan rolled out from underneath the slabs, but a glob of molten rock dripped onto his shoulder. Ryan swatted at the fabric of his shirt in a frenzy. The lava burned through his shirt and charred his skin before he could brunch it off. Grant thrust his foot into Ryan's stomach. Ryan bent over clutching his stomach. Grant stabbed his sword into the ground causing a fissure to slowly expand beneath Ryan's feet. "Any last words?" called Grant. Percy gasped. "He's not really going to kill Ryan… Is he?" "No. Never," said Kate. "There's no way he'd do something that extreme." "It sure looks like…" began Leo. "Hey," interrupted Kate. "I know my boyfriend. He's not a killer. According to that guy, the distinction of 'murderer' belongs to you." Leo lowered his head. "I didn't know Gaia had any kids. Human ones at least." "Nothing to say?" taunted Grant. Ryan glanced at Grant's feet. "Actually, yes." Grant looked down just in time to see the fissure had expanded quicker than anticipated. Ryan clasped his hands together and the tectonic plates crashed into each other, splashing lava in every direction. "Only I am worthy of controlling the earth," said Ryan. Grant dove out of the splash zone and covered his eyes. The lava landed on some of the nearby trees, setting them ablaze. Black smoke blew across the field, limiting Grant's field of vision to just a few feet. Grant struggled to keep the smoke out of his eyes and took very few breaths. He heard a twig snap somewhere in the smoke. Grant swung his sword in all directions. Not a single swing connected with anything. Grant stood still and listened again. Besides the crackling of fire all was silent. "Here." Grant swung in the direction of the voice, but Ryan's forearm struck Grant's wrist. The sword tumbled out of Grant's hand as Ryan shoved him to the ground. Stone shackles bound his hands to the ground. Ryan waved his arm. Waves of soft dirt crashed into the trees, snuffing out the fires. Ryan inspected his surroundings as the smoke slowly cleared. Several fissures remained open and the ground bled magma. Ryan looked at the damage with disdain. "I didn't intend to hurt any mortals," said Ryan, "but for you I'm willing to make an exception. How do you mortals always manage to break and wound the very earth you live on?" Grant struggled to break free of his bonds. He responded to Ryan with silence. His eyes were still burning with rage. "Pity such strength is wasted on you." Ryan turned to leave. The sword flew into Grant's hand. He held its burning blade close to the shackles. Once the stone was partially melted Grant broke his hand free. He cut the other stone shackle at he chain. The sword morphed into a longbow. Grant pulled the string back and an arrow made of fire appeared. Ryan still had his back turned, completely unaware. The smoke finally cleared as Grant took aim at Ryan. Percy took a step forward to warn Ryan, but his foot almost slipped into a fissure. "Grant! Don't!" Percy shouted. Grant let loose the arrow. Ryan summoned stones to coat his hands before turning and catching the arrow before it struck. The arrow sizzled and sparked in his hands. Almost too late, Ryan figured out what would happen. He threw the crackling arrow as far away as he could before it exploded into an inferno. The wave of heat hit Ryan so hard he fell on his back. Grant knocked another arrow and took aim. Without thinking Leo took a running start before jumping over the fissure. Grant let the arrow fly right at Ryan. Ryan covered his face and prepared for the inevitable. The arrow exploded on impact and the blaze blinded everyone. Ryan opened his eyes to see why he was still alive. Above him stood Leo, his shirt charred, but otherwise unharmed. "You… would risk your life… to save mine?" Ryan stammered. "Don't mention it. Saving people is what I do," said Leo. Grant pulled the bowstring back again. A small pebble bounced off his forehead and Grant fell to the ground unconscious. "Bullseye," said Kate. Piper gave her a strange look. "What? If anyone was going to do it, it was going to be me." "Uh, guys…" Leo said, "I don't think he's very thankful." Ryan held Leo in a choke-hold. "Don't think this means you're forgiven," said Ryan. "If any of you attempt to follow me I will kill Valdez." Piper stepped forward. "Let Leo go, Ryan. We can talk this out," she said, laying on as much charmspeak as she could. "Don't bother," said Leo, "he shoved dirt in his ears. He can't hear a thing." "You can't hide from me," Ryan continued. "As long as you are touching the ground I will find you. I will be back and I will bring my mother's army to destroy you." With that, a pit opened up beneath Ryan. Leo and Ryan disappeared into the depths. Percy ran for the pit, but it sealed shut. All other fissures around the field closed and everything was quiet. Grant sat up and yawned. "Morning guys." He noticed the half burned trees, the puddles of molten rock laying around, the snoring golem by the forest's edge and everyone staring at him with open mouths. "Uh, did I miss something?" On the next episode of Percy Jackson and the Paragons 2: Tensions rise between the heroes as they try to come up with a plan to rescue Leo. Meanwhile, in his secret lair, Ryan comes home to an unwelcome surprise.