this over with," Percy muttered to himself. Nico had glanced quickly at him since he noticed that he was being jumpy since they got to the house. Percy was now shuffling his feet like he was really attempting to avoid something. It sparked Nico curiosity as he just waited to see what was going to happen and naturally almost jumped when Percy started to speak. "Mom this is Nico". The lady looked up with an irritated expression on her face at being interrupted. But eventually smiled though you could tell it was forced, "I'm busy dear. But it's nice to meet you Nico. Now, Percy I've got a lot to do and I can't be bothered. I've already told you all of this, so go on and do whatever you boys do," his mom then got up and walked into the other room. Nico glared at him mom as she walks out with a shocked expression. It was one thing for him to be ignored most of the time, "What's her problem?" He whispers realizing almost everyone in Percy's life was a dick to him. "She's under a lot of stress. She never got to finish her college education and working on a novel of hers. Now that 'he' doesn't rule our lives with fear and not spending the money and making us broke. I guess you can say we're both recovering from it. I wasn't the only one who suffered under Gabe's influence. It hurts that she doesn't really talk to me now, just acknowledging my existence," Percy said sadly. Nico doesn't know what to say, he had the urge to say I'm sorry. But he would hate to be treated like he was given pity. Nico understood that since he was by himself most the time and especially after his sister. So he put his hand of Percy's shoulder hesitantly in a thinly veiled attempt to comfort. Percy tensed some before darting his eyes to Nico and gave a weak smile at the boy beside him. Then stared at the place his mother had left through, though the inaudible response was better than nothing. It was what he needed and read the expression in his eyes. Understanding. Did Nico know from experience to have a parent that never acknowledged you? Though Percy knew that his mom was struggling and he missed when Gabe was never in his life and she would kiss his forehead in the morning. Of course she knew never about the deal Percy had gone through for his mom. If he didn't his mother would be dead on the first blow and he'd always take it instead. Though Nico couldn't see what Percy was thinking, but he doubted it was good. Though he couldn't help as much as he would like, since most likely he was as stubborn as himself. Percy then without a word gets into the fridge and grabs a Coke and Dr. Pepper and went back to his room. Percy somehow maneuvered through his room that had clothes thrown throughout the room and a few boxes. He sat the drinks on a table before turning his attention back to Nico. "You might want to be careful where you step, it easy to trip and fall over something." Nico had nodded his head and walked slowly through the room it was when he was just almost right in front of him when it happened. When the wooden box had caught his foot, making him go crashing down to the floor and knocking down Percy along the way. And then making their lips collide. Their lips were moving before Nico realized what happened and darted away as he slammed his back into the same box that caused him to fall. His eyes darted everywhere to the room and he caught Percy's surprised look on his face. That was all the reason he need to run, knowing Percy must have been disgusted with what he did accidentally. Since he was still sitting, quickly standing up and running from the room. It took a few seconds for Percy to catch what had just happened before he jumped up and ran after Nico. He didn't want him to leave his house and never again talk to him. And because Nico wasn't quite looking where the door was, ramming into it and knocking him to the ground. It was all Percy needed to keep the door shut after Nico had stood back up and ran outside to wherever he lived. Seeing a hand at the door right when he grabbed the knob, he turned to see who was preventing him to leave. His eyes widened when he saw it was Percy. He stared at him for a moment before asking, "Percy what are you doing?" Percy bit his bottom lip as he tried to think of an answer. All he could think of was, "Don't leave." It sounded pathetic to himself but what else could he have said. Nico looked confused, "I know you don't want me here. And that you were disgusted what happened earlier," Nico hung his head down in defeat. Percy took a deep breath as he threw all caution to the wind. "I don't want you to leave. And I wasn't disgusted." Nico shot his head up as he looked at Percy disbelieving on what he heard. "Y- yo- you what?" "I wasn't disgusted what happened, Nico," Percy's voice was quiet as his eyes searched Nico's expression to see if he actually believed him. "Why? Everyone else has," Nico not realizing he voiced his thoughts saw Percy's cold eyes soften. "Darn, I said that out loud again didn't I?" Percy nodded his head. "Can we… you know," Percy gestured with his hands as he spoke nervously. Though he would never admit it, Nico may be the person who could actually help him through this. 'That and it never was bad that you may have actually liked him the tiniest bit,' he thought to himself.