night. Twirling my sword, I leisurely strolled to Chiron. I turned to the campers and raised my voice. It came out deep and mature. "A prophecy about me. I will handle Percy Jackson. Do not interfere with me." I mustered a cheerful smile. "And if this doesn't work, then you are all doomed." Most of them gasped and Chiron looked troubled. Clarisse had let go of Percy already, and he didn't seem to want to move. Grover clopped up to Percy and gently said, "Come on Perce. Let's get you back to your cabin." Percy reared back like a dog who got attacked. Grover looked so sad, that I almost felt a twinge of pity. Slowly, the crowd dispersed. "So, Rico Denardo...you're finally the big shot of the prophecy, huh? Uncle Hades must be so proud." Dionysus said wickedly. He cackled and waved his Sports Illustrator. I growled. "It's Nico Di Angelo, you piece of-" Chiron shot me a glare. " -sir. " I had forgotten this guy was related to me, in a way. Rolling my eyes I talked over my shoulder. "Which cabin is empty? I'll bunk there. Also, I need a shower and some food." Chiron smiled warily. "We have built a cabin for you. It's small, but I think you'll like it. And, give us your clothes, we'll wash them for you, You smell like….Mrs. O'Leary." ! Tossing my jacket onto the small cot, I did a quick glance around the room. I couldn't exactly see all that well in the dark, so I fumbled for a switch on the wall. Meeting one, I flicked it on. It looked like… a son of Hades' room. The room seemed to be split in half. One half was adorn with pictures and seemed messy, like an actual person lived here. The right side was completely bare. I crept to the other side and stared down the Hello Kitty pajamas. I squinted at the pictures. My skinny white arm snatched the picture off the wall. It was a small girl with mocha skin, her arms around a bulky Asian man. Her golden eyes were glowing and her curls were haphazardly strewn everywhere. I smiled. This was Hazel's side of the room. My half sister was the only one that understood me and was probably the only one that I care about. I snorted. Did Chiron actually expect me to decorate the room, like a girl? Shaking my head, I slinked across the room. I stared at the set of shorts and an extra large Camp Half Blood shirt. I felt the stress catching up to me. ' God damn, don't they have any decent clothes? Like anything but this shirt?' I tore off my shirt and jeans and was left in my boxers. I felt my face flush as I stared at my Pokemon boxers. I flipped the light switch off and I quickly crawled under the covers. Tomorrow, I would have to help Percy. Tomorrow was my basically my doom. ' Help Percy, my ass… i'm not going to be able to do anything to save him.' ! ' Stop staring at me, stop staring at me, stop staring at me...' I muttered to myself. I was in my standard, basic, black ensemble and the whole world seemed interested in Nico Di Angelo. I rubbed my arms and felt the rough scars under my hands. I shook out my hair and strolled quickly to Chiron's table. I saw his centaur half shift nervously. I rubbed my skull ring. I felt several eyes warily watch me from a distance. "Chiron. I'm starving. I'm getting breakfast, taking a shower, and i'm going to try Percy. If he doesn't get better, i'm leaving." Chiron nodded. "Nico. I cannot thank you. I don't think a prophecy has ever been wrong. Calm Percy down. In the mean time, we'll try to find Annabeth. I'm afraid that she might be...gone." I shrugged. "Not my problem. You do the finding, I do the rest of the worthless stuff." I whisked away, but then hesitated, not knowing where to sit. Ares? Yeah, right, they would beat the crap out of me. Athena? Yeah, i'm good. I didn't want to die of over-knowledge. Zeus? I laughed. Yeah, he would zap me in under 15 seconds. Chiron's blazing gaze caught my attention. He stroke he short beard. He tilted my head at the small table a few feet away. No one was sitting there. I shrugged. Sliding into the cold bench, I felt a sense of isolation. Alone at everything. I wanted a table with a living organism. I was tired of having skeletons and Persephone as my company. A satyr came up hesitantly to me and gave me a tentative. I stared. I have never seen him before. He wrung the edge of his "Save the Earth!" shirt and slid me a plate and a goblet. I muttered a thanks and he galloped away nervously. My pale thin fingers flickered over the goblet. I closed my eyes and thought, 'Sprite'. i was craving it for so long. A hiss of bubbles caught my attention and I opened my eyes. The top of the foamy drink was frothing and I drank. I glanced at the plate, and found it was filled with eggs, bacon, and toast. Normal person's breakfast. I smirked. Yeah, and i was totally normal. I was about to dig in when a hand slid up in front of my vision. I growled. I thought I told these happy campers to not interfere with me. I slowly looked up and put on a glowering look. Radiant green orbs met mines. Percy Jackson stared at me. "Nico? What are you doing here?!" ' Oh, crap.' A/N: This is my first Percy Jackson fanfiction. Sorry for any grammar mistakes. :) I will probably update in 1 week or so. Depends on how much my teachers plan to kill me. Thank you for reading my fanfiction! Read on! ~NicoDiAngelo32