stretched and he finally chuckled. "Yeah, it was probably the worst timing ever, right. But then again, there never seems to be the right time." Was he serious with this? "There's no such thing as the right time. You just do whatever you want to do or don't..." My voice faltered at the end because this was a crappy advice. Especially since I myself haven't followed it. I sigh. "Just...tell me now, okay?" "Yeah, like what's the worst that will happen?" He said sarcastically, which caught me completely off guard. "What do you mean? It's not like I'm going to kick you out of here!" I laugh, waiting for him to join but he didn't. "Gods Jason, we're adults!" "I'm 21 not 30." He argued. Great, he was trying to avoid the subject. I stood up, not able to be calm anymore. I would have preferred if he had blurted it out. But no, Jason Grace always thought twice about what was coming out of his mouth. Well, except for when he was drunk, obviously. "If you're...ashamed or something, don't worry, it's not like I'm going to go share this on Facebook! This is me, Sparky!" "Yeah, that's the problem right there Piper!" He finally faced me again, standing up. Towering over me. Greeeat. "It's you, my best friend since forever. You know me, the good and the bad. How you're still around, believe me, I have no fucking idea but here you are. And to risk that right here, what we have now for what it might never be? I'm blond but I'm not that stupid." Clearly, he was angry. Why? Beats me but if he thought that I would try and comfort him, well, he was wrong. The truth is that I got angry too. "If you have manned up and just told me you would know that we're on the same page moron!" I shouted at him. It took me a few seconds to notice that his expression had changed yet again. Had I caught him off guard? "You...what?" Oh yeah, definitely shell-shocked. "I have this stupid crush on you since...I don't even know!" I finally admitted, throwing my hands up in the air in surrender. "Then why didn't you say something huh?" Was he for real? "You're dating girl after girl, hitting on everything with boobs that breaths and you ask me why? Think about it, maybe it will come to you!" I shouted. I felt my eyes prickle but tried to ignore it. I wouldn't cry. Not now, when he was right in front of me. His eyebrows scrunched in puzzlement. It took him a few seconds to speak. "You...what? Thought that I would push you away, laugh at you? You thought that I could do something like that to you?" He asked as if he didn't even want to think of such an option. I felt my face heating and quickly averted my eyes. I sat back down beside the bed. I so didn't need for him to see my embarrassment and hurt. I didn't need his pity. "You were dating all this girls...and you never seemed to notice me. Don't blame me for thinking that there was something wrong with me." I tried to sound angry, to not show how badly this hurt but I didn't think I managed quite well. He sighed heavily, sitting right next to me. I could feel the heat radiating from his body. He was sitting much closer than before. "And here I am thinking that I'm the only one." My head turned to him so sharply that I had the feeling that it was going to come off like a bottle cap. "You were always so casual and open with me. I thought that you couldn't see me as more than a brother. I didn't know what I missed, why I wasn't enough..." His voice trailled off but I couldn't miss the bitter tone. A memory then emerged, one of him in first year of high school. He was naturally a person who didn't get angry so easily. He wasn't violent. But that day, when I chased him in the school's halls after he had punch some kid right in front of our math teacher, he was beyond both. I found him in the boys' locker room by the gym. He was shaking, his hands were balled into fists. His eyes were so strange, filled with something alien to me when he explained that his dad wasn't really dead, that his mom had lied to him for all those yeas. That his dad had just left them... "Why am I not enough for him?" He had asked me then, tears threatening to fall from his eyes. My eyes focused on Jason again. With this particular memory fresh in my mind I got an overwhelming urge. "Ow Piper!" He said rubbing his shoulder where I had judt punched him. "We should really work on your people skils." Before he could continue with his stupid statements, I put my hands on his face, forcing him to look at me dead in the eyes. "You were always enough for me. More than enough." It was hard to tell if I was the one that did it first or if it was him but who cares? The result was still the same. We kissed, our lips not moving in the beginning while I tried to wrap my head around the fact. Jason was kissing me. For real. Willingly and fully aware. He broke away just for a second. His eyes didn't even open before he pressed his lips to mine again, more eager and persistent. It took me a second but I started functioning again, my lips moving with his to match his tempo. So much pent up emotions, fears and insecurities...it's an understatement to say that it was heated. "I love you Pipes." I'm almost ahsamed to admit that I felt weak and light-headed with giddiness after his words. Almost.