bleeding out or dead. Seven white men, two with muskets. Percy jumped in quickly and now that he had all of his equipment, he could fight way better. He shot two guys with an arrow so it was a more even fight and took out a knife. He cut one mans throat as his friends jumped on the fourth guy. Percy smiled, thinking that the fight was over and that's when the man shot his musket at Percy's shoulder. It blew a hole and Percy was in shock but he managed to throw his knife at the mans eye. He touched his shoulder and used most of his energy on healing his shoulder. The bullet popped out and splurged blood but their were only four of his friends left. The fifth one was on the ground bleeding. Percy walked over their, his vision slightly blurry, and he pressed his hands over the mans wound closing it up and healing him at least so he wouldn't die. The two men and two women started to thank god for sending and angel to them. Percy spoke to them, "What happened? Never mind, that guy came back for you. We have to get out of here now." The big buff man picked up the wounded guy and they all started walking north. North, the next day Percy finally got to lay down, after days of walking. His shoulder still hurt but he ignored it and went to help the people in this hideout. "Who is hurt the worst?" He asked some random man and the guy took him to a woman with a large gash in her stomach. Percy grimaced, blood did not appeal to him. He pressed his hands like he did with the man in town. "This might sting a bit." He healed the lady as fast as he could but he has only been healing people for about nine months. He remembered when he first had to do it. He and Zoe were alone and some random monster hurt her. He freaked and healed her on accident. At first he thought it was a gift from Artemis, his "mom" but obviously it was from his real parent, Apollo. The woman's gash was fully closed up now so he laid down right there on the floor and passed out. Zoe's POV Zoe laughed along with her sisters but inside she hated what she was saying. She had to look down on Percy to cover up the fact that she didn't hate him. Zoe laughed when she heard the rest of the girls laugh but her mind was focused on him. The fire toasted her face on the cool night. "Come on girls, all the guy has done is respect us and treat us fairly even though some of our pranks could have killed him." It was true. Zoe never helped with any of them but she couldn't tell them to stop. They would know something was up. The girls looked at her. Gotta keep the cover. "Come on girls, what did you expect from a male? Runaway as soon as he felt unwanted. He should be lucky he ever had the chance to live with us." Zoe didn't mean what she was saying. Something ruffled in the tree behind them so she flung her bow out. "Who's there?" She creeped over to the tree and saw a note attached to the trunk. A million emotions rushed through her head as she read it. Mostly anger and sadness. That stupid boy! Does he ever think anything through? Zoe ripped the note off. She kind of felt bad. He loved these girls like his sisters and her like something more and they just treat him like every other dirty make in the world. The hunters were behind her and Zoe showed them the letter. "Who could have guessed the boy would have left." Zoe turned toward her sisters. "You don't get it do you? Once Artemis finds out about this we're screwed. Apollo asked her to do this for him and once she finds out that he is actually heading where he is not supposed to go." The hunters frowned. "Do we really have to go get him?" Zoe clenched her teeth, "Yes! Border of Canada and the US, two months later Percy fought to catch his breath as the monster, Echidna, chased him through the dark, dense forest. It was snowing and Percy had nothing on but a pair of pants and a t shirt. He was freezing his ass off so at least the running kept him slightly warmer. "Where are you? My children want to play!" Percy heard the beautiful voice of a woman say to him. Echidna's upper half was the torso of a pretty human woman, but her lower half was a giant snake. And she was probably the least scary thing in the forest. Her children, that's what Percy is worried about. The Hydra and Chimera, two multi headed freaks. He could hear their loud footsteps behind him so Percy took out his bow and arrow and fired at the Chimera's lion head. One arrow impaled itself in the lions eye and another in its neck. The monster roared and the snake head jabbed at Percy. He barely managed to dodge it but just then the Hydra bit his foot and held him upside down. "AHHHH!" Percy screamed in pain when the snake shot at his shoulder and ripped a chunk of flesh out. The monsters dropped his body on the floor. He heard a crack in his body and his vision began to fade away and the last thing he remembered was the mother of all monsters slithering up to him and dragging his body across the dirt floor. A/N: So this is the story I said I would write while my brother's recovering. I will try and update fast but ill be with him a lot. Percy will most likely with Zoe. So R&R please.