portal opened next to Matt. They were what the Shades used to travel from place to place. It was similar to shadow traveling, but Hades set up the portals personally, so there was no strain on the individual travelers. Lily handed Kurt a gray backpack, supplied with anything he might need while at the camps. There would be no goodbyes to the others, as Kurt understood that every second he was there, the more dangerous it was. Matt embraced Kurt as he was preparing to enter the portal. "I promise, we will come back for you. This is only temporary. It may be a day, a week, or years, but we will not forget you..And Kurt, you deserve to know, your mother is-." Suddenly a loud roar shook the camp. Kurt heard someone yell "Drakon!" The Shades rushed to their battle stations. "You have to go, now." Kurt took one last glance at the camp before he entered the portal and left it all behind. He emerged on the porch of a lake house situated right on the edge the water. Kurt had expected a more military style encampment, not a summer camp. With the obstacle course, volleyball nets, dining pavilion, strawberry fields, and sunshine, this place looked like a vacation destination. Kurt was about to knock on the door when he hear the soft clapping of hooves on the porch. He turned around to see a centaur with a brown horse body and kind brown eyes. "It's nice to meet you." Kurt was still reeling from separated from the Shades, but he knew he had to focus if he was going to remain anonymous. "Thank you for having me Chiron, I was told to give you this." He handed him the envelope. Chiron opened it and began reading the letter. The centaur looked sympathetic as he looked over the message. "So, the Shades of Gray were never a myth were they? Ah, even someone who has been mentoring campers for as long as I have does not know everything. Don't worry, our campers should welcome you with open arms. Who knows, you might even enjoy yourself." Kurt doubted that, but Chiron seemed nice enough, He was directed to the Hades cabin, a black structure that had a bare bones interior. Only a bed, a fountain, and a statue were inside. Kurt put his stuff down and sat on the bed. He thought about the events of the day. It was barely eleven o'clock and his life had changed drastically. What should he do now? Stay undercover and act like a regular camper? Run away and strike out on his own? There was no clear path to take. There was one question that nagged at him: Would they actually come back for him? His godly mother, whoever she was, had given him an aura that was easy traceable. Kurt wondered who his mother was. He lacked the wisdom of Athena, the social skills of Aphrodite, and the magic of Hecate. A conch shell being blown shook him from his thoughts. Kurt walked out of the Hades cabin and looked at the sky. The sun was starting to set and it was diner time. He had been in a stupor for hours. The smell coming from the dining pavilion made him realize how hungry he was. Kurt joined the throng of campers making their way to dinner. He saw kids of all body types and ethnicities, reminding him of the Shades of Gray. No, he couldn't allow himself to be homesick while he was undercover. Especially now that he was in the vicinity of other campers. With everyone in a large group, nobody had noticed that he was new. The crowd spilled into the dinner area and Kurt scanned the hall for the Hades table. Chiron had told him that the campers were arranged by godly parentage and Kurt did not want to stick out. He was looking for an empty table when he saw a kid in a black aviator jacket and jeans motion him over. Kurt obliged. The kid couldn't have been more than fourteen and he had a black sword on his side. His face was pale and he generally looked pissed off. He was Kurt's type of guy, no bullshit makeup and designer clothes to try and project a certain image. Kurt sat down and the kid introduced himself. "Hey, my name is Nico, it's nice to meet you." "Good to meet you as well Nico, I thought I would be the only son of Hades here." At that, Nico smirked. "Sorry, that title still belongs to me, I know who you actually are." Kurt's senses kicked into overdrive. If Nico could expose his cover, then he was a threat. He readied himself for a fight, but Nico seemed to read his mind. "We're on the same team here. My dad explained the situation. I can help you assimilate to camp life. But Hades also had a message for you: He wants you to become part of the camp, forge strong bonds. Said it will be useful on your next quest." Nico then gestured to the rest of the pavilion. Some kids were whispering and pointing, others stole quick glances, and some just flat out stared. "As you see, it will be hard for you to do this as a child of Hades." Life had never been easy, and Kurt was up to the challenge. If Hades was personally asking something of him, then it had to be important. He nodded. "Ok, any tips on how to do that?" Nico laughed aloud. "I'm literally the last guy you want to ask about that. However, there is a game of capture the flag tonight and you and I will be participating for the red team. Don't try and hide your skills in combat, best way to earn respect is stand out in battle." Kurt smiled for the first time that day. "Well Nico, let's give them a show."