end up with a hyperactive troublemaker as a best friend I would have laughed so loud that even you in L.A. would have heard me!'' ''Why's that? Where are you from?'' she asked, accepting the bottle from him. ''San Francisco. Though I couldn't have escaped sooner from there.'' Piper spoke before she had time to think. ''Why?'' But when her brain caught up with her mouth, she blushed. ''Sorry, not my business. Forget it.'' ''No, it's okay.'' He hurried to reassure her. Shrugging, he looked ahead of himself, refusing to meet her eyes. ''I'm away from the idea that my family is the only one that is fucked up. I counted the days to my graduation and as soon as I found out that I've been accepted here, I left.'' Inspite of the serious situation, Piper didn't manage to stifle a laugh. Jason raised his head, his face showing both confusion and hurt. ''No, sorry, I didn't…'' she tried to calm down, crawling on the floor until she was leaning towards him with her hands on his knees. ''I think I'm drunk.'' ''I think you are.'' he let out an incredulous laugh. ''I think I am too.'' ''I'm coming from a fucked up family too!'' she exclaimed before joining him in laughing. They weren't even sure what was so funny anymore. ''Piper, you…'' but whatever Jason was about to say got caught in his throat. They hadn't realized how little space was separating them. Piper was able to notice the barely visible scar on his upper lip, to see that his brilliant blue eyes had the tiniest specks of grey. Only now had Jason realized that her eyes were the strangest color. He watched them darken from bluish to brownish as they traveled down his face. Her cheeks flushed for what Jason thought was the hundredth time since he met her. He didn't mind at all. She was cute that way. Well, cut er . Piper blushed, realizing that she was staring at him. Again. She looked away and tried to pul back but before she could put enough distance between them, his hand rested on her upper arm. Their eyes locked again and she saw the curiosity in them. Her heart started beating faster. She only managed to whisper. ''Jason?'' He didn't answer her. Instead, he leaned forward and their lips met. It was slow and innocent for approximately five seconds before her hands wound up around his neck and his gripped her waist, guiding her closer and closer until she was sitting in his lap. And just then, the elevator started moving up again. They pulled away from one another, breathing heavily. Piper refused to open her eyes, determined to prolong the moment. It felt so good to be wrapped in his arms even though he was technically a stranger. She was sure that it won't last. They were two strangers that were forced to get closer in a locked elevator and were drunk. Whatever they had just built was bound to last…until the elevator arrived on her floor. When the doors opened, Piper stood up. She was considering whether it was better to speak or just to leave as soon as possible when he appeared next to her. ''Mind if I walk you home? After three hours in this elevator, I prefer walking up two flights.'' He said and when she looked up he was smiling. ''Okay.'' She nodded and he followed her towards her dorm. The walk wasn't long and they arrived soon. Piper unlocked her door but didn't open it. She was sure that she would regret her decision later but she had to try. With her back turned to him and her forehead on the wooden door, she finally spoke. ''Do you…wanna come in?'' He didn't answer right away and Piper sighed. Yep, she definitely regretted her decision already. With a sigh, she opened the door without turning back. ''Hey, wait, I…'' he grabbed her hand then and she turned to finally look at him. He was nervous; his other hand went through his golden hair and rested on the back of his neck. He took a deep breath before finally looking up. ''I'll be right here tomorrow morning at ten. We can go grab a pizza or a coffee or something. How does that sound?'' She let a small smile settle on her lips. ''Sounds great.'' She admitted. ''So, see you tomorrow?'' ''Yeah.'' He breathed out in relief, grinning back at her. She watched as he turned and headed for the stairs and decided that for once, she would be the blunt one. ''Jason, wait!'' She walked the six steps that were separating them quickly and without even blinking, kissed him on the lips. ''Merry Christmas.'' Her breath tickled Jason's neck as she whispered in his ear. He smiled to himself, leaning down to plant a soft kiss on her neck, right behind her ear. ''Merry Christmas to you too Pipes.'' He murmured lowly before pulling away. With one last smile, he turned around and started climbing up the stairs to his own dorm. Piper stood frozen for a few minutes before her brain started working again and she ran back in her dorm. She plugged the charger and switched on her phone as soon as the door was closed behind her. She sent a quick text and then plopped down on her bed, smiling like a fool. To: Annabeth From: Piper Guess what Santa gave me for Christmas this year! First of all, I want to say Happy (belated) B-day to my best fanfiction friend Di Blythe. You're growing older my dear! *laughs* Sorry that it came so late but it came, right. Hope you like it! I know I'm not around lately but I'm trying my best to get back in track. I hope that all of you my dear dead readers have a very Happy New Year, full of love and inspiration (for those of you who are also writers).