up and strangle him. Annabeth holds me down with her hand. "No Percy." Zeus starts to speak, an unexplainable sadness lingers in his eyes. "I was given a potion that was used to brainwash me. When the other gods found out what I had done, they took me to Hecate. The only way to get in this room was for me to say a password. They couldn't get to you without me. Once I was cured and found out what was happening, I rushed here immediately." I shake my head in disbelief. "Did you find the culprit?" asks Thalia. "As a matter of fact, we did. It was one of the loose monsters that concocted the plan. He handed me the potion under the disguise of one of my servants." I stand up in pain. With difficulty, I stumble and kneel before Athena. "Rise Perseus." I stand up shakily and Annabeth helps me. I stare right into Athena's eyes. "While this horrible event happened, I proposed to Annabeth. I was going to ask your permission but at the time I couldn't." I stay unmoving under Athena's scrutinizing gaze. "How did you sustain those injuries?" Before I can answer, Annabeth says loudly, "Jason sent a massive lightning bolt at me and Percy pushed me aside and took it." Annabeth says it proudly and I smile at her. "When's the wedding?" We shrug and that's when Apollo comes over. He rests a hand on me and starts to glow. Immediately, the burns start to fade. "Thank you, Apollo." He gives me a nod. Suddenly, Hazel, Frank, and Piper's bodies are covered in shrouds. Zeus snaps his fingers and a tall fire appears. Pluto raises his hands and starts muttering in Latin. We burn the shrouds and I watch as the fire changes color. "I sent them straight to Elysium." Aphrodite hugs Pluto and gives her thanks. Mars just grunts but gives a small smile. We all stare at the fire sadly for a couple of minutes. "What happened to Jason?" I ask. Zeus turns to me and I feel bad for him. No matter what be did, Jason is still his son. "He was sent to Tartarus." I stand there shocked. He was sent there? He will die. A part of me wants him to but he was my friend before this happened. "Anyway," Zeus says. "After the bravery I have witnessed from you Perseus, I have decided to offer you godhood. Do you accept?" I look toward Annabeth. She kisses my cheek and I smile at her. "I am honored by this offer but I have to decline." Zeus doesn't look angry; he just gives me a knowing look. "What can we offer you?" I think about what I have wanted ever since I met Hades in the underworld when I was twelve. "I want Hades and Hestia to be made Olympians which they rightfully derserve." Zeus looks at the other gods and goddesses. All of them are nodding and agreeing. "Very well." He flashes all of us to Olympus and then sits on his throne. Hestia is tending to the hearth. She looks up as we flash in. Pluto changes to Hades and stands there off to the side. New thrones appear in their rightful positions. Hestia's is a bright yellow and flames climb up the throne. It fits her perfectly. Hades's throne is a pitch black one with bits of gray and skeletons clawing their way up the throne. "Sister and brother...you have been made Olympians." Hades gives me a pat on the back and a thanks before sitting on his throne. Hestia stands up shakily; her eyes wide. She sits on her throne and instantly she starts to grow brighter. She turns into her twenty year old form that I didn't know she had. She smiles and everyone watches her with smiles on their faces. Hestia walks over to me and hugs me tightly. "Thank you Perseus." She sits back down and Athena asks again, "When is the wedding?" Aphrodite stands up and says, "How about now?" I look at Annabeth. "You want to get married now, Wise Girl?" She smiles and says, "I don't think I could wait any longer." I pace around in panic. "I can't do this." My best man, Grover, says, "Percy you are going to be fine." I look away nervously. "What if she changes her mind and doesn't want to marry me?" I ask. Grover just shakes his head and sighs. Nico walks in and says, "Percy, it's time." I shake off my nerves and walk out. I stand next to the person who will marry us. Surprisingly, it is Artemis. She smiles at me as I take my place. I look at the crowd and see everyone here. My mom waves at me and I nervously wave back. The crowd goes silent and music starts to play. Annabeth walks out arm and arm with her dad. She looks stunning. Her hair is done elegantly and her magnificent dress trails behind her. She reaches me and we face each other. I smile at her and she smiles back. "Do you take Annabeth Chase to be your wife and do you promise to protect her no matter what happens?" Artemis asks. "I do." I answer. She turns to Annabeth. "Do you take Perseus Jackson to be your husband and do you promise to help him since his head is filled with kelp?" Who wrote this? I hear snickers in the crowd and see Apollo and Hermes high-fiving. Annabeth smirks at me and says, "I do." Artemis starts to take again. "Then do you-" Hermes interrupts from the crowd. "Just kiss her already!" I obey and kiss Ananbeth. We break apart and everyone starts cheering. We might of lost some friends today but I still have Annabeth and to me that is enough. Well this is the end. I don't know how a wedding really goes. So, I'm sorry if I did it wrong.