way Sally tried to subtly draw the boy closer. Zeus tried to see something of the boy's future but it was dark and cloudy, the Fates were probably the beings concealing it from everyone. The immortal grunted and looked into Sally's beautifully scared but fierce eyes before softly combing a hand down the boy's soft dark hair and gently covering the boy's eyes. Percy wavered on his feet before falling into Zeus' waiting arms. "He's unharmed," the king assured when Sally opened her mouth and was about to lunge at the god. "I have only put his mind to sleep; it will help the memories of me disappear. When he next wakes, all trace of me shall be gone from his mind." The god hefted the small boy up and turned into the direction the boy had first come from, trying to ignore the way Sally softly followed. It wasn't hard to find the child's room, it was the one covered in walls and furniture of blue with a small bed overrun with cuddly toys. Sally pulled the turquoise covers back so Zeus could lay the boy down, after that the god gently tucked the child in and softly sat on the bed. Sally lingered unsurely by her son's bedside as well and watched as her former lover gently brushed a hand through her son's wild hair. The god tried not to think that this and more were what could have been and almost were. That to anyone else this would only seem like a father basking in the presence of his child with his wife or girlfriend watching. After a few minuets' the god of lightning stood and looked over Sally's son once more and noticed that with Percy's eyes closed you obviously couldn't see his eyes. He looks like me; that could be my hair, my face, if I believed hard enough. Sally didn't seem to share the same feelings as him and showed this by subtly waiting by the door with her hand on the sticker-covered door knob. "Zeus," she whispered when he didn't appear to be moving. After another second Zeus turned away from Percy and gently placed his hand over Sally's as he closed the door with her. Both Sally and Zeus were silent as they walked into the small living room. Neither knew what to say so they just stared at each other in silence before Sally gingerly stood on her tip-toes and kissed the god on his cheek. Zeus felt his cheek buzz and his heart pound, and he only nodded for he knew what she meant by this kiss and they didn't need words to ruin the moment. The immortal simply took a stray curl and tucked in behind Sally's ear, painlessly pulling some hair to him when he brought his hand away. It was only a little brown tress but to Zeus it was much more and he tucked it into his suit pocket. The god then turned and left without a sound and magically fixed the front door as he closed it to leave. The walk back to Olympus was long and he let the rain soak him as he looked at his hand. There was a sticker on it, a small childish orange and white fish. It must have stuck to his hand when he closed Percy's door. The fish was very wet and the edges had started to peel away, the sticker itself was casually sliding to his wrist and Zeus caught it before it fell on the dirty ground. The king thought of Percy as he looked into the sticker's eyes and wondered what terrors the future would hold for the boy, and wondered if it would have helped if the boy were his. Certainly people would give him more respect in later life and would be more inclined to help on a quest or such, but there was also the 'Hera problem' . The god sighed through his nose, watching his breath in the cold air. "I suppose I will just have to wait and see," Zeus mused to himself and wondered if he would manage to be somewhat civil to the boy, if only for Sally's sake. Somewhere in the distance a clock stuck and Zeus remembered he better hurry home before his absence became suspicious. Later, when he was dry and clean and had finished listening to another boring council meeting, he sat on a windowsill in his palace on Mount Olympus and made a box appear in his hands. It was a small square wooden box; it didn't have pretty carvings and it wasn't even a nice colour. In fact it was rather plain and defiantly not something anyone would think Zeus would have, which was exactly the point. The god gently opened it and carefully took the tress of Sally's hair out and held it in his hand, softly stroking it. After he put the dark tress back he looked at the sticker fish that's colour was nearly washed away. The king sat there, with his two trinkets and smiled softly before turning his head to look out the window and down at the bustling city below him, full of ignorant mortals that didn't know up from down and left from right. But Sally and her son were down there, probably having dinner or even sleeping by now. And if the god listened hard enough to the wind he could almost hear Sally's soft humming and her sons light snores. Historically, giving a lock of ones hair to someone has been considered a sign of love and devotion, especially before an impending separation. During antiquity, Roman girls who were about to be married offered locks of hair to Jove (Jupiter) in his forest god aspect, Virbius (Virbio). And I know, I suck at titles, sorry about that. And I wrote this when I was on a 2 week holiday without wifi/internet. Plus I really like writing unusual pairings so this came about.