he rolled onto his back, both of them still panting for breath, and she reached out to swat him on the chest. "Turkey coma, my ass." December. Snow lined the windowsill and clung stubbornly to the cracks and chinks in the sidewalks. Nico's breath fogged the glass panes, and even with his hands jammed into his coat pockets, his fingers were so cold it hurt to move them. Rachel peered inside at the shop display, snugly wrapped in her coat and scarf, and didn't seem to notice the chill of the windowpane as she cupped her hand over her eyes and leaned close to see past the glare. "I know it's shiny," Nico said. "But you don't think Saks is a little…much?" "What do you mean?" Rachel pulled away and looked at him with a puzzled expression on her face, and Nico sighed quietly. "It's just a bit expensive, don't you think?" "It's not that bad." He gave her a look and shook his head. The dresses the mannequins were modeling in the window were probably worth more alone than everything he had in his apartment, and as much as he loved his friends, he didn't relish the idea of starving for a month just to get Annabeth a dress she'd probably only wear once in her life anyway. "Seriously, Nico," Rachel continued. "It's fine. I can get it." "But I can't," He reminded. "And this is supposed to be from both of us, not just you with my name written on the tag." Rachel turned back to the display, and he watched her reflection in the window as she stared pensively at one of the dresses. He had no idea how much it actually cost, but it didn't take a genius to figure out it was worth more than he had to give. "C'mon," He said, and reached for her hand. "Take her shopping for her birthday. I'm sure she'd like it a lot more if she got some time with one of her best friends out of it, too." "Alright," She sighed in defeat and laced their fingers together. "But then we still need to find something for them. Any ideas?" Snow started falling again as they set off back down the avenue hand in hand. Nico cocked his head slightly in thought for a minute, before nodding decisively. "A toaster." "…a toaster. You're serious." "It's perfect!" he nodded energetically. "Annabeth will love it, you know she will. Practicality is key and all that." "What about Percy? I'm pretty sure he doesn't have 'new toaster' written on his Christmas list, Nico." "Well, yeah," he nodded, conceding the point. "But just imagine his face when he opens it." January. "Coffee?" Even this far from the square, Nico could hear the noise of the New Years' crowd and the sound of Rihanna's voice as he handed Rachel a cup. With only a few minutes left in the year, Times Square had turned into a cheering crowd with enough people to populate a small country. "I thought I told you," Rachel took her coffee gratefully and nodded towards the noise. "Only tourists go to Times Square." "If we were going to Times Square, I would have dragged you out hours ago," He pointed out. "I have something I want to show you. And no, I won't tell you what it is, so don't ask." "Fine." Rachel huffed, but her grin took the annoyance out of the noise. "C'mon," Nico took her hand and led her down the street, ducking into the first alley he saw and checking to see if anyone was standing near enough to see. "Now hold on tight, and don't drop the coffee." He wrapped her arms around his waist and hugged her to his chest, taking care not to spill his own drink down the back of her coat. Rachel frowned slightly in puzzlement, but he only smiled at her, and tightened his arms. "Close your eyes," He murmured. She hesitated another moment before hiding her face in his chest. It felt ridiculous, clinging to her boyfriend in the entrance of an alley in the middle of Manhattan on New Year's Eve, but before she could pull back and ask what exactly he was doing, the alley vanished around them. With her eyes closed, she couldn't see it leave, but she didn't need to see to hear the rush of air in her ears, or to feel her hair and clothes whipping around them. The smell of the alley was gone, replaced by the scent of Nico and coffee, and instead of celebrations, all she could hear was the wind screaming. It stopped as suddenly as it'd started. She pulled back slowly, blinking, and almost dropped her coffee after all in shock. "It's a much better view at night, don't you think?" Nico grinned and stepped up to the chain link fence that surrounded the observation deck. Rachel stared out over the city, taking in the lights and the glamor that had captivated the world for centuries. A few blocks north, she could see the glow of Times Square as the ball prepared to drop, though they were too far to hear the crowd chanting a count down. "Nico…this is…" "The Empire State Building," He reached out his free hand, inviting her up to join him at the edge of the deck. "I know. I shadow travelled us up here." She clutched her coffee and stepped closer, pressing against him as if trying to find an anchor. The sight of Manhattan sprawling out beneath her feet was something she had seen a hundred times before, but somehow, seeing it from the Empire State Building on New Years' Eve with her teleporting boyfriend gave it an entirely new perspective. "This is…" She shook her head, trying to find words, but before she could, the square erupted in a frenzy of sparks. Nico settled his arm around her waist and looked down at her, smiling. "Happy New Year, Rachel."