to punch him in the face. Her eyes widened, Could it be? She then shook her head, Nope, it's impossible. She then stopped and looked up, If I remember the damn book is actually on the top shelf. I could just become taller but I don't want to risk it. This boy might be a clear sighted if he was able to see my owl. She grabbed a step ladder and decided to climb it and even she didn't understand the equation which meant ladder plus heels equals bad idea. When she got the book, her momentum did not work for her and she fell. But instead of falling on the ground something soft was on her back. What is this? It faintly smells like the sea and- She then stood up and saw an unconscious Percy as she realized in an instant what had happened, Of course Athena, he softened the fall but now he's knocked out. What do I do? She then poked him but to no avail Percy was still out cold. I'll have to wake him up first and bring him somewhere else. So Athena decided to carry the boy to a nearby table as she didn't expect him to cuddle up to her and whisper, "This is so nice." She sighed at the boy's innocence as she laid him on the table and decided his fate, What should I use water, tickling, a good old fashioned hit or… "WAKE UP!" He then rose from the table and fell again as he groaned in pain. Athena smiled, The original is always the best. Percy then stood up and said, "Thanks for waking me up, are you ok?" Athena nodded, "Thank you for the help even if I didn't need it." Athena then gave him the book as Percy's eyes widened in surprise, "Is this-" Athena nodded, "Isn't this the one you've been looking for?" Percy nodded as his eyes were filled with joy as he jumped and hugged Athena while murmuring, "Thank you, thank you, thank you." The Greek goddess of wisdom smiled at this action as she saw his smile and swore that she almost melted but there was this nagging thought that he looked really familiar. He then released the hug, "Thank you pretty lady. I have to go now don't worry I will return it." In a black blur, Percy was gone as Athena smiled, "I hope he'll have a good life." Time Skip (Percy's Tenth Birthday) There appeared to be a meeting as the twelve gods was in Olympus well since Hades did not like to go. Zeus then stood upon his throne, "The reason why I have called for this meeting is because I have learned something very important." Athena raised an eyebrow as she did not know this information, "What is it, father?" All the present Olympians were anticipating what the King was going to say as he sighed. "It appears that my brother, Poseidon, has broken his vow and produced a son." This caused the Olympians to gasp as Poseidon was shaking with anger as he knew what his younger brother was implying. "His name is Perseus Jackson." This caused Artemis, Demeter, Hestia, Aphrodite and Athena to be shocked as Poseidon then snarled, "So what if I made a son, you made two Zeus." Zeus ignored his brother, "Nonetheless, he is still a threat and he has to be handled with." In that instant Poseidon had his trident in one hand as Zeus got his master bolt and in a flash of speed, Poseidon had his trident near Zeus' throat. Zeus growled, "What is the meaning of this treachery?" Poseidon then yelled, "This isn't treachery brother. I will not allow you to harm my son or I will burn your daughter's tree and kill that Roman son of yours." Zeus' eyes were filled with anger as the rest of the Olympians jumped into action and separated the two as Athena then said, "Killing an innocent demigod is simply unjust father no matter what parent he is. We allowed you for too long and we let you kill Hades' children and that was a mistake." Zeus' eyes softened as Hera asked, "What did you do?" Zeus sighed, "I had the Minotaur chase after the boy." Poseidon then looked at Artemis, "Artemis, please assemble your Hunt and if possible save his mother and Perseus." Artemis nodded and disappeared in a flash of light as the gods decided to argue. The man from before was smiling, "It's finally time." He then looked to his right and saw a woman's face on the ground as she sneered, "What are you planning?" He smiled as the sun gave of a vertical scar on his left eye, "Your demise, love." The woman then laughed, "The boy cannot inherit your powers. If it was you then I would be truly afraid since you were 'the one who would destroy the world'." He smiled, "Just you wait love, when I'm through with him." The face then disappeared, "He will have the power to obliterate the planet." AN: That is all for this chapter and I hoped you liked it. About the Aphrodite, look I get it that she's the goddess of sexuality, love and beauty but it doesn't mean that she has to be in most Percy Jackson stories a bad person or instantly a slut. I have friends who are girls who are like that and I don't judge them. I mean the reason why I believe in writing is that people can change a character's personality and expound it not make it fucking predictable so to all those writers. I call you hella cheap. Another thing before I go is that if you don't like my writing, that's ok. I write differently than others and that should be respected. Also check out the story that inspired me to do this, The Destiny of Perseus Jackson, it's fucking awesome. Anyways I will see you all later.