responsible enough to face these problems and this human would just be like all the rest?' Percy glared at the light pink-grey-white creature next to Dialga. The creature reacted by roaring at the said demigod, 'Watch where you are looking at human. I am, Palkia, the Spatial Pokemon and as such control space. Do not mess with me boy. ' Percy didn't even feel intimidated at the beast who was glaring at him so Percy chuckled, "I am not disrespecting you Lord Palkia but I would like to inform you. Most of my opponents have lost because they have underestimated me." Palkia roared once again at the defiance of Perseus and Cara woke up from his arms. She then saw that she was in the midst of all the legendaries. She then held Percy's chest in fright, 'Pewcy, what are we doing here?' Percy looked at her, "Oh, um, we're here with Arceus and I'm asking these guys for help." Suddenly something was right in front of him, 'Is that Charmander yours?' He realized it was a feminine voice and looked closer to find a small, floating cat-like creature with small pointed ears and a long, skinny tail. It's short arms with three fingers on both paws touched the Charmander and giggled, 'So you are his now.' The floating cat looked at Arceus and smiled, 'You have chosen another great one Father. Based on his courage, loyalty and overall awesomeness to what he has done. He already gets my vote.' Arceus smiled, 'Thank you Mew.' Mew then looked at Percy, 'Don't be too rash, Percy.' The demigod looked at Mew who smiled at him. "Thanks I guess." Mew then cooed in delight as she went back to where she was and a few legendaries spoke out their opinions. He saw a red and white coloured phoenix, a huge blue whale and a white dragon with huge wings agree to what Arceus has proposed. Percy then saw that most of them were either skipping the topic or just lazy. Something picqued his interest amongst all the creatures talking, he saw a taller Mew just sulking, Hmm… I wonder who that is. Palkia was about to retort but Arceus beat him to the punch, 'I think it is time for my new chosen one, Perseus, to have the floor. Once he is finished, then can you complain to your hearts.' Perseus gave a grateful smile to the God of Monsters as he cleared his throat and looked at all of Arceus' firstborn with a determined look, "Um… I'm not good at this but-" He heard Mew's giggles. He then bowed to all of them, "-I really need your help." This went better in my head. The demigod could feel that all attention was on him as he raised himself up. "My world is in danger. If this war is lost then all of humanity is doomed to be the Titans slaves for eternity. I'm really asking the honour of having to join me in battle against my enemies. I swear on the Styx, I will never betray your trust, I will never let a…" 'Pokemon is our general term, Perseus. I think it would be better to say it than creatures.' Percy laughed sheepishly and cleared his throat to get back to the discussion at hand. "-Pokemon be a mindless weapon or tool and if I ever get any Pokemon. Expect me to treat them like how I treat my friends and I will never betray them and always take care of them." He saw Cara smile and it gave him reassurance that maybe they will accept. Arceus noticed the silence and decided to speak out, 'I now will ask if anyone has any concerns. If not, then I move for us all to vote. Will you agree to helping young Perseus or not?' He saw the Pokemon slowly raise their arms except for Mew who in approval raised her hand immediately, 'Come on guys. I can sense that Father chose the right one.' She was looking at her two brothers who merely ignored her. All in all it was fifty four to two so it meant Percy had gained their approval. A sigh of relief escaped the said demigod; he felt a little better knowing it was all over. Arceus then roared, 'Let it be known of my new Chosen One who will uphold what he promised, create a new bond between humans and Pokemon and hopefully remove the hatred of some pokemon in humans. I, Arceus, God of All Monsters welcome Perseus Jackson as the Summoner of Monsters for his world.' Percy in return turned to Arceus and bowed to him as he got Cara and had her in his arms, 'Now I think it is time to end this. You may go back and do your respective duties.' He watched all the other pokemon leave the throne room which left him with Arceus. The god of monsters once again smiled, 'You have accomplished my one of my challenges, let's see if you can fulfil what you have promised.' "May I bid goodbye to my mum and my friends." The god of monsters nodded as Percy found himself in front of his house. He gulped in fear because of what could possibly be his most difficult task, Now I have to tell my mother. AN: That is all. Sorry if it's rough, I hope you liked it. For all of my fans for Change of Fates, I am sorry but my two files on it are gone and those were supposed to be the next three chapters. As I try to make it again, you can have this. I have no pairing for this yet but he may see his lady or ladies in the later part as I am focusing more on his journey and training. Remember: Reviews= a happy writer, a happy writer= more chapters written, more chapters written= more stuff to be read and enjoyed. BYE BYE!