at him. "It's the opposite Will.." Nico whispered "I trust and care for you too much.. that's why I can't tell.." Will raised an eyebrow "you know that it doesn't making any sense right?" "argh! I know" Nico said frustratingly that he wanted to pull his hair out his head. Then an idea hit him. A very stupid idea. He reached under his blanket. Thankfully he was still wearing the same clothes as yesterday. He fished out the paper in his pocket. Nico reached Will's hand and thrust the paper into his hand. Nico curled Will's fingers around the paper. "It's because of this paper, that I am stupidly risking my life" Nico looked at Will, whose face was now bewildered "I just hope that after you read that, you know, we can still be friends… " "Nico, why do I feel nervous about this harmless piece of paper?" Will asked Nico's face hardened "you should" then he plopped down on the bed, releasing Will's hand. Nico turned his back on Will and pulled the blanket over his head. He tried to go back to sleep while wait on his own verdict and doom. He really did try to sleep really but it turned out, Will did not leave his spot and blatantly read the paper while his back was turned to Will. He tried to feel his surroundings as his eyes closed. He was also straining his ears for some audible reaction from the blonde but everything was eerily quiet. His back suddenly felt scorching. And now, he was tensing. "Nico" The tensing doubled "I know you are not asleep" Will said quietly "face me" Jason's voice echoed in his head suddenly. Why don't you face it again this time? Like what you did back in Croatia. Conquer Cupid once again, you are stronger more than you're letting on , you know… Releasing a deep breath, Nico pushed the blanket away and sit. He slowly turned to Will. Much, to his frustration, he could not read any reaction on Will's face. It was blank. Will stood up. Nico looked up at him with fear, will he leave? Will he ran away? Did he feel disgusted now? Is he- All Nico's thoughts were thrown away to the window when Will crashed his lips to his. The fear dissolved, the skeletal butterflies in Nico's stomach were having a conga dance and his heart drumming in celebration. Nico deepened the kiss as he poured every unsaid word that he was scared to tell before, every happiness when he was with Will and of course, every love he tried to control and chopped off but failed. Now it was out in the open, he felt light and buoyant. The kiss seemed so never-ending and Nico fisted a mop of blonde hair that earned a groan from the said blonde. Then their lungs demanded for air and they separated. They were both heaving and grinning from ear to ear when they looked at each other's eyes. Both eyes were sparkling in bliss. "say it Death boy" Will grinned Nico grinned too for he already knew what was Will referring to "I love you Will Solace, from the moment I almost decapitated you with my sword" "oh Nico I love you far more than you imagined ever since you appear with armies of skeleton trailing behind you in the Battle of Manhattan, I knew it" "what?" Nico was startled Will held both side of Nico's face as he stand between Nico's legs that was dangling over the bed "instead of self-destruction, you need a healthy dose of self-appreciation, you're cool, you're awesome and all that but I hope your ego wouldn't burst from it!" Nico suddenly laughed "not gonna dream of ego bursting" "and gods Nico!" Will suddenly gushed "the poem! Some of my brothers will get jealous by your poetry skills! I love it so much" "I am glad you like it, that was kind of out of the blue.." Nico trailed off Will continued to laugh as he hugged Nico. Nico hugged him back and there's the warmth again. Nico briefly wondered if the warmth he felt when Cupid shot him with an arrow was a premonition of what was coming. He decided to stop cursing Cupid for a while. Because he actually helped Nico to see clearly among the people and rightfully chose a person he can actually cherish. He was now happy at the arms of Will and it all felt right. Unknown to them two teen age boys were quietly tip-toeing out of the infirmary. One was blonde and one has jet-black hair. Jason was having a victorious grin while Percy was looking glum. "what do you say, Captain Nemo? I win, they both confessed this month so that means you are going to be my slave for a week!" Jason was laughing maniacally as they stopped in front of the Big house "don't call me that" Percy grumbled then whinnied "why was it so fast! Annabeth and I took years to come to terms and them –them!" he pointed stupidly at the infirmary "my dear Captain Nemo" Jason put his arm around Percy's shoulder "if there's one thing you should know, when an opportunity was presented in front of you, grab it and never miss it! You are just lucky that Annabeth can put up to your own Kelp headedness." "hey! What was supposed to mean?!" "come on I am hungry, serve my food, servant!" Jason roared in laughter hello, this is my first solangelo fanfic. I've been itching to do one for some time now and it's only this time that i got the right words out my head. Anyway, i did my best for this story not to be so angsty, because i like the lighter version of Nico and Will without those dark clouds that were constantly hovering above them. i hope i gave justice to that :) Please review guys! with all the love, Nikki