in camp, along with her siblings, who all specialized in various kinds of healing. I'd first met Kitty when I was eleven, when I had ended up in the infirmary after getting badly poisoned by a monster in the woods. Shauna had told me I was delirious and ran a high fever for days, but Kitty had been the one to heal me, her specialty being antidotes. One thing had led to another, and we'd dated for a year, before breaking up because of complicated issues. Kitty had started becoming obsessively worried about my well-being, and started intervening so I couldn't participate in the more 'dangerous' camp activities like climbing the lava wall, playing Capture-the-Flag, and so on. Whenever I had protested, she'd turn up the Aphrodite charm until I caved, effectively stifling all resistance. So one day, after weeks of hearing Shauna and Reece nagging, I'd finally gotten the courage to break up with her. It hadn't gone well; there had been plenty of tears. And now, recently, Kitty seemed determined to get together again. And I admit that I'd been tempted sometimes, but I didn't want to be restricted again. As a son of Zeus, I hated being contained, physically and mentally. "Hey, watch it!" Somebody snapped when I nearly bumped into them, lost in thought. "Sorry, D'Amico," I apologized to the son of Notus, and Auden just sighed, shaking his head before walking away. "Welcome to Hades," Reece said seriously, pushing open the door to the Big House, where I caught sight of three familiar girls. Shauna, Hermione, and Lea, also known as the 'Prankster Trio', Reece being one of their main targets. "Hey, Shauna," I greeted the daughter of Aeolus, and Shauna laughed. "Hey, Jade and Reed," she said, and Reece smiled. "Hey, Lea, Firefox ," Reece said amiably -the last name said not so kindly- and Hermione rolled her eyes. "Do not call me Firefox!" Hermione snapped, and Reece huffed, crossing his arms. "I would ," he started, dragging the word out, "if you stopped playing those stupid pranks on me!" "They're not stupid; they're all carefully planned out and executed!" Hermione defended, blue eyes sparking angrily. "Since when does spraying mentos-mixed Cola on my plants require careful planning?" Reece snapped, recalling the last time they'd pranked him. "Some people just can't take a joke!" Hermione said, and Reece's green eyes blazed. "It's not a joke when the person doesn't find it funny!" "Well, I'm sorry that you don't have a sense of humor!" "Okay, Hermione, that's enough!" I cut in, at the same time Lea said, "Cool down, Reed!" Reece stopped shouting, his face flushed with anger. I winced; maybe I was wrong to put him in the same room with his nemesis. "You're ridiculous!" Hermione said one last time, before storming out the Big House. "You're so immature !" Reece shot back, and I put a hand on his shoulder. "Calm down, man." Reece sighed, closing his eyes for a long time before opening them. "Sorry, I shouldn't have exploded like that. But-" "-she gets on your nerves," Shauna finished, all of us already used to the fights between Reece and Firef- err, Hermione. Lea rubbed her forehead, eyes closed. "Vision alert, vision alert," she muttered, and we all quieted down, waiting for what sort of future was in store. After a long moment, Lea finally opened her hazel eyes, tugging on her curly coppery red hair nervously. She looked at all of us, before whispering, "It's the same thing as last time. I keep seeing little flashes, but it always ends in darkness. Always." "Well," Shauna said after a moment, "Worrying about it is not going to change anything, right?" Always the optimistic one of our group. "Uh, but I think we've all forgotten that we have company," Reece said suddenly, and Shauna blinked guiltily. "Is she awake? Let's talk somewhere else, then," Shauna said, and I remembered that the reason I'd come here in the first place was because Shauna had something to tell me. "Too late," a voice said acidly from behind Shauna, making all of us jump. "You woke me up when you argued." "I'm sorry," Reece said sheepishly, and the girl rolled her eyes, which were a murky dark brown. "Where am I? Is this the camp you were telling me about, Reece?" The girl asked, but her expression was disinterested. "Yup, and I think I've already filled you in about the truth, so we'll just introduce ourselves properly. I'm Reece Xanthe, son of Demeter, but everybody calls me Reed." Reece said. "I'm Shauna Myles, daughter of Aeolus, the wind god!" Shauna said cheerfully, and nudged Lea. "I'm Lea, daughter of Apollo," Lea said, avoiding saying her last name. "Hmm," the girl just said, studying us. Reece stabbed me in the ribs with his elbow. "Oh, and I'm Jayden Jackson, but I'd like to be called Jade," I announced, and the girl's eyes sharpened, boring holes into me, her dark eyes intense. "A descendant of Percy Jackson, aren't you? I've heard about your ancestor," the girl said suddenly, surprising all of us. "What's your name?" Lea asked, and the girl slowly sat up, and the movement caused a silver necklace around her neck, previously hidden, to catch the light. The terrifyingly familiar silver crest gleamed up at me, and I felt a cold weight settle in my chest. The others looked equally as shocked, even Reece and Shauna. "You're..." Reece trailed off. The girl nodded, pushing a long lock of jet black hair out of her pale face. "I am Laila di Angelo, daughter of Nyx." Whoa! A dramatic cliffie! This chapter introduces most of the characters, and you'll get to know more about them soon! Why are they so shocked about Laila? What's the story behind the di Angelo family? Why is Jade affected by it? You'll have to wait and see, archangels! (That's my word for you readers! The readers of 'Hell's Angel', archangels!) R&R! ~~NightShadow99