run. I couldn't see properly. When I was half-way down the road, I dropped on my knees and blacked out. - January 2024 - I was not an Aphrodite kid. So talking my way out of the police's questions was as hard as single-handedly wrestling a heavy bronze dragon. Without any weapons, of course. I was recovering in a hospital when a few police officers decided to invade my room and interrogate me about what happened a few nights before. But the Mist had probably affected them, since a few of the details were mortal-ized, so I had to make up new stories. I wasn't exactly good at making them. Most of my neighbors didn't remember John de'Amore. Most of them. The old croon remembered everything perfectly, gave testimony to the police, but they didn't buy her story because her view contrasted all the other views that the police had in their hands. To my relief, after the interrogation, they all nodded to me, thanked me for my cooperation, and exited my room. They still looked doubtful and suspicious. Maybe I would get arrested. Maybe, when I get back, Mrs. Nils was probably going to bite me like a vicious bear. But I didn't care about that right now. I slumped on my bed, removed my mask, and, hoping no fire alarm sets off, exhaled a lot of smoke. Air! Sweet, air-conditioned hospital air! Someone knocked on my door. I sat up, put my mask on again, and waved my arms around to make the smoke disappear. "Come in," I called out. Mari came inside of the room, holding a tiny little baby wrapped in bundles of cloth. She was closely followed by her two adopted children, who smiled at me and waved. Robert hopped on my bed and Edeva pushed a seat besides him and sat down. "I heard you're in the building," Mari said. "Charles just went down to clear the papers. We're going home with baby Thea." "That's good." I managed to smile. "Be safe." "What happened back there?" Mari said, all of a sudden. "In Palewell? The children are there, they were involved, but they wouldn't tell me anything. No one is telling me anything." Edeva and Robert looked at me with alarm. Even though they could remember clearly what happened during New Years Eve, they still didn't understand what they were. They still didn't understand anything . I didn't speak right away. "I think the police will tell you. They just came in and asked me a few questions. I'm sorry, but I'm not feeling well right now, Mari. I wish I could tell you everything." Mari sighed. "That's fine." She waved a hand dismissively. The baby girl in her arms moved a little, yawned and twitched her face. She made me yawn, too. "Do you want to hold her?" The mother said to me. She offered me her little baby. I gingerly took her with my good left arm, and Mari helped me carry the baby up to my arm. "Hey, little guy," I whispered. "I mean, girl." The mother and the kids laughed. Baby Thea opened her eyes, looking at her nose before they wander around the room. I poked her small nose with my thumb. She moved a little bit. She placed her hand to her face. I lifted that hand with my thumb, watched her small little fingers curl around it. She was so…tiny. "You okay, uncle?" Robert said. "You don't look so good." "Huh?" I looked up from the baby. "Yeah, I'm fine." I handed the baby back to Mari. "Like I said, I'm not feeling well." Mari nodded. "Well, I guess we better get going. Charles is probably looking for us. See you home, Leo." "See you." I turned to the kids. "Bye, you guys. Be safe, and watch your little sister!" They both grinned to me and followed their mother out of the room. As Robert closed the door, he stuck his head out, looked at me. His face was serious. "Thank you for…saving us, uncle. We never got to thank you because…we're scared." I smiled at him and waved. "Getting scared is normal kid. Now scram, before your mother makes a racket." He grinned and closed the door. It was silent again. I stared up the lighted ceiling. I thought about the little baby I just held a few moments ago. How she so tiny and adorable. Then I came to the thought of my friends. Yeah, they probably had started their own families by now. I knew most of my friends already have families, but my close friends… I wasn't with them right now. I wasn't part of the family. I knew what I had done, but it always came down to me like a mind-blowing realization. I ran away from my home. For reasons I chose not to voice out. Maybe I was jealous that the Castels had a new daughter. Maybe I was tired because of the fight. Or maybe I was homesick. I guess I just missed home. I closed my eyes. A/N: This is a fanfic that is out of my comfort zone. Which, I mean to say, I approached the story with a different style. Because of that, and I was in a tight time-limit, the quality of this fanfic is tremendously butchered. I'm sorry. Will proofread again in the future. I'm writing up part two right now (an estimate of 5000 words and up). Leave a review! Tell me what you think will happen in the next part of the fanfic. Do you have questions? Are the OCs annoying you? Or better yet, write a letter to Leo through the review. Tell him that he's not alone, and there is someone worried for him, whoever he/she is. Thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed the first part of this drama story, The Man Who Breathes Fire. p.s. i didn't sleep for a couple of days to finished this.