Percy had for most of his childhood. She was the one who sacrificed her life for him, putting up with Gabe and working overtime to cover finances and whatnot. Percy was always guilty about how, in a way, he ruined his mother's life. It was an issue Annabeth and Sally both tried to convince Percy that what he thought couldn't be further from the truth. Percy was Sally's greatest joy, after all. At the funeral, Percy wore a dark blue suit, giving a speech stiffly and crying towards the end. No one minded. Everyone there—demigod veterans, his children, his friends' children, all knew how much Sally meant to Percy, how much Sally meant to all of them. She was the mother figure to them too many times over the years, when their own parent was unavailable to them. Poseidon didn't show, and Percy was bitter for a second before remembering the fleeting nature of gods. Sally probably wasn't ever that important to him anyhow. He was glad that he made the right choice to turn down godhood, that he would be here for Annabeth and vice versa. It was a few months before Percy would reach complete solace, but he did it with Annabeth's help. He knew that there must be an end sometime, and that was it for his mother. She would be in Elysium, finally, with Paul. Percy knew she would. The world owe her that much, at least. xi. Percy and Annabeth couldn't even believe it when their children had children of their own, each with their own beautiful eyes and gorgeous smiles. It was surreal, too, meeting their son-in-law for the first time (a mechanical engineer who might be a little bit more than intimidated when he learnt about the truth about gods and whatnot) and their daughter-in-law, a physics post-doc at Columbia. The two couples both moved to New York, little coincidences with job availability allowing them to do so. Percy knew that the Jacksons were living their dream—from the time when their survival was a question to the family they have now, Annabeth and Percy had definitely came a long way. The weekly family gatherings were the best, and Percy was so glad that Sophie and Everett were still as close as ever, despite being adults who were all grown up. Their kids had won their battle (although not as serious ones) with dyslexia, ADHD, and the whole gods ordeal, and had a relatively normal life just like Annabeth and Percy wanted for them. Their grandchildren—Andy, Alex, Costa, Arete, and James—the five of them grow up together as close as they could be. None of them had learning disorders or "super awesome" water powers, but that was just fine. Percy and Everett did like to show off once in a while. Sophie and Annabeth would just roll their eyes and sign dramatically while the Jackson grandchildren would gather around and marvel at Percy and Everett's abilities. The two mortals that married into the family just had to deal with it. When the children are not over for visits, Percy and Annabeth would like to reminisce the old times when they were the kids. Sometimes, it's been so long that little details started to fade—they didn't remember Hazel's voice or the thrill riding in Grey Sister's or the time when the two didn't get along that well. It was a little bit scary; they wanted to remember everything and everyone. They wanted to fulfill their promises to their friends and carry on their legacies. They wondered if that's what the gods felt like—remembering the love they had for somebody but not remembering any of the small details included. Some years passed by this way. They couldn't quite remember when was the last time they were truly bothered by the monsters anymore. As they grew older, their demigod scents were no longer as potent and monsters eventually deemed them not worthy to chase after anymore. They were not too sure how to feel about that either. It was quiet and serene; they were ready. x. The clock struck twelve. Percy and Annabeth knew that it was time. They were old, old enough that they have long evolved into legends that new demigods passed around in Camp Half Blood. Old enough that their grandchildren were all grown up and they even had great grandkids. Long enough that either had not encounter anything even relatively mythical in a long, long time. They were ready to go to Charon's together for the second and the last time. They were not planning to leave this time, either. Percy could feel Thanatos' grasp on him, remembering how the god of Death typed away on his iPad to check off all the souls that were supposed to go to the Underworld. Annabeth could feel the pull of Death, too, but she was not afraid this time. She was not afraid of Death for a long time already. The two called up their relatives, their mortal relatives, and said goodbyes. Sophie and Everett, their spouses, kids, and so many more. It was incredible to see how far they have come. They did not need to go visit the graves or Olympus or New York for one last time because they knew everyone was waiting for them in Elysium. They were the very first ones to go through everything, and the last ones to leave. It was time. "Are you ready?" "As long as we are together." Then they let go. This song is ending, but the story never ends. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians. A/N: I was inspired when my friend and I played "The Game of Life" together. It evolved into this monstrosity-I don't think I have ever written a one-shot quite this long before. Hope it was good. If you enjoyed it, drop a review for me, maybe? (If there's any grammatical or spelling error in the fic, please do tell me as well!) Thanks. :)