that you gave up your throne for Bachus, I mean Dionysus." Hestia smiled again, "You are kind Hazel I like that about you. It wasn't brave though, I just did what I could to keep my family together." Hestia turned to me then. "I'm sure Nico would do whatever it takes to keep his family together too." Hazel nods in agreement but I suddenly felt really exposed like there was a spotlight pointed at me. I stared at my shoes again. I'm not very brave. I run when I don't want to handle things, but I do think I would do anything for Hazel. I had for Bianca. So why did I feel so guilty? "Well," said Hestia interrupting my thoughts, "You have to get up early tomorrow. I don't want to keep you up too late." Hazel smiled at Hestia again, "Thank you Hestia. I hope I see you again." We got up but Hestia said "Actually, if you don't mind, I'd like to speak to Nico for a minute?" I froze. Did I do something wrong? Hazel agreed and before I could react she left. "Please sit down Nico. You've done nothing wrong," Hestia soothed. I sat across from her stiffly. Hestia looked me straight in the eyes and stayed staring at me until I started to feel even more uncomfortable. "Um, you wanted to tell me something?" I asked. "Yes. I was wondering how well you are dealing with things right now." I shifted in my seat uncomfortably. Was this going to be like another therapy session with Jason in which she tries to get me to come out? "Ok I guess," I answer. Hestia frowns. "I am not talking about Percy, Nico. Where have you chosen to stay?" "Um, Camp Jupiter?" "Are you sure you're happy with that choice?" "Um I think so. I'll be with Hazel" Hestia smiles again, "Your sister, I like her. And as I said I'm sure you would do anything for her, but you have to live for yourself too. You can't live your life to make her happy. So I want to know if this is really the choice you want to make right now." My eyes wander to my shoes again. I'm feeling guiltier by the second. I understand that she's trying to help me but I don't know why. I don't know what. Now that she mentions it though, I don't think I want to go to Camp Jupiter. I shake my head slowly. "I told Hazel I would stay," is all I can manage. "And maybe, you will someday. But are you ready to commit, to belong somewhere again?" No. I'm not. I can't. I don't know how. I haven't stayed in one place since I was 10. And before then I didn't really have a home. Bianca was my home and I lost her. My voice comes out hoarse when I say, "I only know how to run away from things. I wanted to give Hazel a home when I saw her in Hades. She deserved that, but I don't know how make a home for myself." Hestia's palm is warm on my cheek. "That's alright," she says softly. "You are strong Nico di Angelo." I look up at her and she continues, "You have had a hard life and you have made it through a series of obstacles all on your own. Not many people can do that. But most people know how to lean on others and you do not. Learn to do that. Find where you belong. After everything you deserve that." My vision goes blurry and I realize I'm crying. I hate that I can't control my own emotions. I try to box it up, but it ends up erupting from me like a volcano eventually. "Why are you trying to help me?" I ask. "Because I care about you. You are a kind boy even if others especially yourself do not recognize it. I saw it the very first day you came to camp and you spoke to me. No one ever thinks of me, but you did. This is my way of thanking you. Now go to bed. You have a big decision to make." I obeyed and Hestia stood up on the tips of her toes and kissed me on the forehead. It felt like a blessing like when the good witch kissed Dorothy to give her protection in The Wizard of Oz. Bianca read that to me once. "Sleep well Nico di Angelo." Hazel's still awake when I step into our cabin. "Are you ok? You look a little pale. What did Hestia tell you?" "I'm alright. Hestia just helped me realize something." Hazel nods satisfied. She looks so happy. She's completely oblivious of the choice I'm about to make. She thinks I'm going to Camp Jupiter with her and I don't want to tell her I'm not. So I say goodbye to her in the only way I can without telling her. She'll understand when I'm gone. "Hazel I just wanted to say I'm so grateful I found you that day. I was sad and lonely because Bianca left, but I found you. I'm proud to be your older brother Hazel." Hazel looks even happier and I feel even guiltier. "I'm glad you found me too. I grew up an only child, but I always wanted siblings. Now I have you and I wouldn't wish for anyone else to have found me that day," Hazel says. I feel stupidly happy when she says that even though I'm not sure it's true. I'm her only other relative besides Hades. But if this was the 30's she'd have tons of siblings. I'd hardly stand out and if my secret got out I don't know if she'd still wish it was me who found her. I kiss her cheek and say goodnight and I'll see her in the morning. I won't and I hate myself for being such a liar.