he tried to halfheartedly tried to swat me away. "Nico, I've got a surprise for you." I tried, gently tickling his side, only getting another groan. Time for a fun approach. I leaned down, prying the pillow away from his ear and leaning in close, breath tickling the back of his neck as I whispered "I know you're awake. Last chance." Nico shivered, a muffled "Do your worst" coming out from the mattress. "You're choice." I whispered softly, before leaning in and gently biting his earlobe. Nico's relaxed body went stiff as a board, staying frozen until I started nibbling and sucking, Nico groaning and shuddering at my ministrations. "Percy…" Nico moaned, turning enough so I could see the bright hot flare running up his neck and cheeks. I moved with him, biting harder and pulling, eliciting another groan, moving down from his ear to his jaw working towards his lips. A few more nips and nibbles later, and I was tugging at his lower lip. Nico moaned, his hands pulling at me and tangling in my hair before rushing in for a hungry kiss, tongue battling mine for dominance. I grinned, fighting back just as hard, pulling him up into a sitting position before stepping away. "Oh good you're up." I said with a smirk. Nico glared at me with tired eyes, scratching his shaggy head and muttering "I hate it when you tease." "Only because I'm good at it." I shot back with a wink, smile growing as the corners of his lips twitched up into a smile of their own. "Maybe." He said teasingly, cocooning under a few blankets and poking his head up to watch up. "Here love." I said, picking up the tray and gently setting it on his lap. Nico's eyes widened, happily coming out of his makeshift cocoon to study the portions, before eagerly digging in. "This is delicious!" He said through a mouthful of food, nuzzling my shoulder as I sat down beside him. "I'm glad you like it, you wouldn't believe what I had to go through to make it." Nico paused for a second, sobering up, and dark eyes locking up on mine. "Anything you want to tell me?" "Do you really want to hear about all that boring stuff, or do you want to enjoy our breakfast and all this lovely time together?" "I'd like to do that, I really would. But the looming unknown of who you murdered, how many cops I'll have to take care of, and finding out where the bodies are buried are kind of distracting." "We'll take care of that later." I said simply, stuffing a piece of bacon in his mouth before he could protest. Nico rolled his eyes, munching away for a few more minutes before asking "So what's the occasion love? Breakfast isn't your forte, normally most of your surprises come at night, and they aren't the cute ones." "Well, I just wanted to make sure that you" I grabbed the bouquet of flowers and handed them over to him "had the best Valentine's Day ever. I want to make this as special as possible." Nico stilled, staring down at the flowers in his hand, unmoving for a while. "Oh. Valentine's Day. I almost forgot." He said, almost too softly to hear. I frowned, gently rubbing his back, getting nervous as the cool tension Nico brought whenever he felt unbalanced came out, the cold touch of the dead touching everything. "What's wrong Neeks?" "It's nothing. Just a second." I watched worriedly as Nico shook his head, the cold vanishing as he set the tray aside and stood up, walking over to our dresser and pulling on some pants. For a second he looked like he was going to change his shirt, but then he glanced down to at the oversized Camp Half Blood shirt (one of my old ones. He loved sleeping with those, often being all he slept in nowadays) and hugged it close before walking to the door. "Nico?" Nico glanced back, door open, before trying to smile. It never reached his eyes, his emotions swirling away in a dark abyss. "I just got to take care of something. I'll be back soon. Thanks Percy." I stood up, walking over and catching his arm before he could leave. "Nico, what's wrong? Did I do something wrong again, I know I keep screwing stuff up but-" "It's nothing you did." Nico said, quickly turning around eyes wide "I promise. I just… I'll talk to you later. Thanks for these, can you put them in water l-l… love?" I nodded slowly, taking the flowers as he vanished around the corner. This was not supposed to be how this morning was supposed to be going. I frowned at the smell of rotten food met my nose, and glanced back, worry growing as I saw that what was left of Nico's food had spoiled, turning green and brown. Another glance down at the bouquet showed nothing more than a few blackened stumps, the flowers all decayed and hardened. Only the lotus was untouched. I glanced back at the door, worry bubbling up inside me. "I'll fix whatever wrong, Nico. I promised that you'd always be happy, and I'm going to make sure that you are." It looked like this was going to be another one of those perfect demigod holidays. I had to help Nico get happy and fast. Dad help me, because I am so screwed. Okay, so this was supposed to just be one big oneshot, but the story got screwed up and deleted, so I'm scrambling to find the pieces. So here's the first part of what now is going to be a little Valentine Day mini series, it should be done by the end of the month. Should. If I get all the pieces together. Anyways, happy Valentines Day everybody, and if you're like me, have an awesome Single's Awareness Day! Love you guys, enjoy! Have a great morning/afternoon/night!