chance of understanding threatening to vanish at a moment's notice. The boy spoke at the same time that the headlights illuminated the window he was leaning out form, a familiar boy with pale olive toned skin, brown eyes, and a mop of sooty black hair smiling down at me. "I'm Nico Di Angelo. Please, save me!" And then the window slammed shut and there was no trace he had ever been there at all. I was still staring up at the glass when Lilith rolled her window down. "Come, come, you need to go." I nodded mutely, giving it a final look as I made my way to the car and hopped in, pulling on my seatbelt. As we drove away we were both silent, only the purr of the engine as we blitzed through the darkness making any sound at all. The whole time I could only thing about the boy, Nico Di Angelo. A son of Hades. A son of Hades who my new 'friend' had told me was dead. A kid that was trapped in an old house and couldn't escape. I think he was right. He had a great story a fun looking adventure. So when Lilith handed me a wad of crumpled hundreds and kicked me out at the bus station, I waited until she was out of sight before sprinting the long run after her. Home could wait a little bit long. x-X-x "I just knew I had to save him. And that's basically all I knew back then. Well that and 'oh my gosh there's an angel in that window'. And so I went back." I paused, gauging my audience's reactions. "Whoa, so Nico was being held hostage by some freaky Russian chick?" Leo gasped. "I bet she kill her cousin and set the whole thing up so she could get the house." Piper said, quickly joining Leo in conspiracy theories. "That does sound stupid enough to be something you'd rush into." Annabeth nodded. I glared at her and stuck out my tongue, crossing my arms. "Whatever. I was trying to help a DID; dude in distress." Jason tried to hush his boyfriend and went back to me. "The maid from New Orleans and her daughter, was that Hazel and her mom?" I shrugged. "I was never sure. They left when Neeks was still a baby and Lilith didn't exactly want to talk about her." "So what happened next?" Calypso asked. "Well next-" "Thalia thinks the whole idiot thing fits too." Annabeth cut me off "And that she thinks you're making some of this up." I glared down at her phone while she typed, giving it an experimental tug with my powers. She yelped, dropping the device as a sheet of ice came into existence, covering the screen. "Oh so you did get your whole ice powers thing down eventually?" Piper said, studying the frozen phone while Annabeth roller her eyes and pulled out a second phone, going back to texting Thalia. We went through a lot of phones around here, what with the freezing, water, fire, lightning, platypus, shadows, and various battle damage. Some of the perks of being a demigod. "Anyway getting back to the point, everything I've said is true. That is exactly how it happened. Now who's ready for the next part?" Everyone settled down, eyes glued expectantly to me. "I was running back to the DI Angelo estate, ready to bust Neeks out of there when-" "That is not how it happened." A voice in my side announce. I frowned, looking down as everyone stared down at my chest, wehre Nico was staring up at me, arms crossed and smirking. "Yes it is." I shot back, poking his side. My boyfriend tensed up, fighting the urge to laugh and sat up, still smirking at me. "Wait, what did Percy lie about?" Leo asked a little too eagerly. "I didn't' lie about anything that is exactly how it happened." I complained, let my head fall to the back of the couch. "Obviously not." Jason muttered under his breath. "How much do you want to be a Popsicle blondie?" I warned, raising my hand threateningly. Jason snorted and called my bluff, giving a wink. Dang Romans. Neeks cooed and came back over, cuddling into my side and pulling my arms around him. "Percy's not lying about anything. It's just Seaweed brain messing up the little things." "As if." I muttered, untangling my arms and dropping them at my sides. Nico pouted then grinned, working himself into my lap, grinding a little as he got comfortable. "Why don't you help tell the tale?" Calypso offered. Nico tilted his head up at my face, reaching a hand to tangle with my hair as he smiled up at me. "What do you say love? Willing to split the spotlight?" I sighed and sat back, leaning into the contact. Sleepy Nico or Nico who'd stayed up insanely late didn't have his usual reservations about PDA and boundaries. I might as well just enjoy the ride and let him have his fun. Even if he was wrong. "Go ahead, at least I don't have to do it." I mumbled, leaning back and closing his eyes. Nico reached up, kissing my cheek and giving me a playful love bite before turning back to our group. "You want to know the story of how I met my Sea Prince huh?" Everyone nodded, scooting up close to hear every word as my boyfriend took over. "Well then, listen close because this is how it all really went down…" Pet project/commision a friend wanted me to do an alternate meeting for Percy and Nico as well as a few more details I'll keep under wraps until we get there. I hope it's not too far out of the ball park and you guys are enjoying it, I'm open to opinions on this as it's something new, so hit me with your best shot. Thanks everybody, have a great morning/day/night!