saying, This war needs to be won fast. Artemis and Apollo, you said that you couldn't find Perseus?" Both twins shook their head. "No, we didn't want to risk being caught, so we stayed away from Othrys", Artemis said. I nodded. "My fellow Olympians, and Hades. Perseus is no ordinary Titan. He was born as Ouranos' chosen heir to his throne as ruler of the Titans, but Gaea disrupted this when she gave the scythe to Kronos, and Kronos took the throne. Perseus is most likely the strongest Titan, being the first born of the Titans. Last time we checked when he climbed out of Tartarus, he was on par with Gaea. He was even stronger than Kronos. We need to join forces to destroy him so he will never come out of Tartarus again." All of the other council members pounded their weapons in approval. As I was about to speak again, an Iris message appeared in the middle of the Throne room. When the picture was clear, we saw one of the members of the seven, Jason. He bowed. "Greetings, Olympians. We have an update. We have reached Mount Othrys, but it looks the same as It always has. Although, Atlas is not here, there seems to be no one holding the sky up, yet nothing has been crushed." I stare at the screen confused. That makes no sense. If he's not on Mount Othrys, and Atlas is gone while no one is holding the sky, then where is Perseus, and how has the sky not flattened the Earth yet? I gasp in fear. Wait, this could only mean - . My thoughts are interrupted with yet another Iris message. A man appeared in the mist. He was sitting in a large, black throne with chains hanging from either side. He had jet black hair, a classic white toga, black, ancient greek style he was about 40 ft tall. He had his hand holding up his head, with his eyes closed. It was fairly obvious who it was. Before I could say anything, my father began to speak. "Perseus…" Zeus said through clenched teeth. The man opened his eyes and smirked. He had liquid gold eyes, a little lighter than they were the first time we subdued him in Tartarus. "Why hello, Zeus! How are you today, nephew?" He sounded too cheerful for a Titan Lord in my opinion. "What are you planning, Perseus?" I asked. "Oh, nothing much, just your deaths, along with the deaths of some of my other brothers. Anyway, I assume you have figured out about Atlas right? Now Pallas Athena, you are probably thinking right now, 'Where are you Perseus? Why is Atlas not holding the sky?' Well, it's simple really. It's because he doesn't need to hold Ouranos! He's already had enough of Gaea. Do you realize what that means, little Olympians?" Perseus sneered. I had deciphered what that meant already. My eyes widened on my discovery. "Ouranos is awakening." Many of the Olympians freaked out. "Well, I have to get to planning your downfall. Goodbye." Perseus' hand swiping through the message was the last thing I saw. The council was yelling and screaming like mortal children. At least they did before father got their attention. "SILENCE!" He threw his lightning bolt into the middle of the throne room, silencing us all. "We will NOT let a Titan come close to destroying us again! We will destroy Perseus and keep Ouranos from awakening!" I cleared my head and spoke after Zeus. "If Perseus is not at Mount Othrys in San Francisco, that must mean he is at the original Mount Othrys in Greece. Tell the demigods! If the wind gods are no longer on our side, then we will have to travel by water." I glare at Poseidon. He glares back. "What?!" "Poseidon, I hate to say this, but you must help the demigods reach Greece. It will be a difficult journey, due to your war with Oceanus, but the boats must be your top priority. Can your cyclops help with building the boats?" Poseidon sighed heavily. "Normally they would, but they have been taken from the underwater forges. Probably taken by Oceanus to supply Perseus's army. Unfortunately, I have not the slightest clue of where they are being kept." I pinch the bridge of my nose in annoyance of his stupidity. "You didn't think to watch them during Oceanus's raids and attacks?!" Poseidon ignored me like usual. "Fine, Hephaestus, can you work with your children and build ships similar to the Argo II's design?" I ask. I look at him as he scratches his ember filled beard. "Aye, I will have them finished in 1 month and a half's time," Hephaestus exclaimed proudly. I sigh gladly. Thankfully, father began to close the meeting. "Ok, my fellow Olympians, go help the demigods! Prepare them further until the ships are completed. OLYMPUS SHALL NOT PERISH!" Weapons pound in approval to this statement. Chaos, he is so theatrical. He says something like this during every meeting… A/N By the way, here are the descriptions of Lelantos, Perseus, Pallas, and Mnemosyne as given to me by Trevor607 . Lelantos- long black hair, dark green eyes, wears a camo jacket with a black t-shirt along with a long, stygian ice long bow strapped to his back, hunting knives strapped to his thighs with brown pants. Perses- short brown hair, red eyes, wears a drakon scale jacket ( So like leather), two dual wield, Titan Platinum xiphos, in sheaths on his back, and black baggy jeans. Pallas- Black hair with buzzcut, Stygian Ice Broadsword strapped to his back, red eyes like his brother, black armour, with a blood red cape. Also has a Stygian Iron spear strapped to his back, crossing over his sword. Mnemosyne- Blonde hair, purple eyes, usually wears a long, greek sleeveless, white dress, but in battle changes to silver armour and has two celestial bronze knives strapped to each side of her waist.