me into that. I was part of her world. I was dazed the whole time, just smiling awkwardly, yet genuinely over at her. I was part of the family. This really was the best feeling in the whole wide world. This is what I'd been missing out on. And now I had it. Before we finally left hours later I had to give her one last hug, holding on tight and fighting back tears. "Thank you. For everything. Without you there wouldn't be a Percy and if he wasn't a part of my life…" I didn't finish the sentence. And I didn't need to. Sally just smiled at me and kissed my cheek. "Well he'll always be a part of your life. And so will I. I'm getting used to having you around kiddo. You make Percy happy, and Percy… He's the light for me. You two together though… I think you've got something special here." I glanced back at Percy, then back to Sally, beaming proudly. "I do. I have all of you. I have a family. Thank you, so much." Sally just smiled, giving me one last hug. "Welcome to the family Nico. We've waited a long time." And then I did cry. Because after years of searching, I was certain once again, that I'd found my family. I'd never be lonely again, I'd never fall away. This was my happy ending. A Recipe For Disaster- One More Thing "Where are we going Percy?" I groaned, trying to keep up with the Son of Poseidon. He'd taken us through one of Hecate's magic portals, calling in a favor or something to get us to Italy and back, and was currently leading me down a deserted street. Percy ignored my question and moved on, hesitating for a moment before ducking down a side street. He'd been like this the whole time, refusing to answer any of my questions as he led me through the city, trying to find something. What that was though, I had no clue. Percy finally slowed to a stop at a break in a nearby wall, standing strangely still as he looked in. He glanced over to me, a guarded expression on his face. "What is it?" I asked, tensing up as I felt death in the air. Percy just turned back to the break and started walking in, heading down a path. I frowned and followed after him, hesitating as I took a few steps in. It was a cemetery. Various tombstones and mausoleums littered the yard, a maze of paths and arches leading around the hallowed space. Why did Percy bring me here? I followed after him, unsure as he kept up with the twists and turns, scanning the names and shaking his head, trying to find one in particular. The place felt different than other cemeteries, the dead didn't seem to linger, yet there was an overwhelming presence, a sad, mourning loss that overtook everything else. When he finally stopped, it was in front of the largest mausoleum in the cemetery. It was built of black marble and intricate columns with dark iron, armored, yet beautiful angels standing guard at its corners, protecting the dead within. The face of the structure was flat and smooth, with the deceased's name and Italian words foiled in gold onto the surface. My heart stopped when I read the name Maria Di Angelo staring back out at me from the pristine marble. "I couldn't talk Hades into letting you see her." Percy said hoarsely, keeping his eyes on my face "He said it wasn't the right time, and that it wouldn't work. But he did tell me where this was. He took her home after Zeus…" He trailed off, realizing I was still staring at the mausoleum. This was my mom's. This was her final resting place. Spirit or no spirit, this was where the only member of my family I could remember was hidden, the only one I could even try to reach apart from dad. I took a few cautious steps forward, reaching out hesitantly, drawing back, and then putting my hand on the stone. For a second nothing happened. And then the presence of the cemetery seemed to shift, that mourning turning into joy. The smell of spice and cinnamon took over, and my memory burned as I saw my mother's face again, smiling down on me. " I will always love you ." She had whispered to me. And she did. More tears came out, the second time I'd cried today. Gods I was a mess wasn't I? I hadn't cried since Valentine's Day, I was supposed to be the tough guy here, and yet here I was doing it again. But who cared about any of that? This was… amazing. Two families in one day. I'd never imagined I'd ever get even one, but now? Percy walked forward, pulling out the last stock of Moonlace and placing it gently at the steps of the mausoleum while still keeping his distance. "Thank you." He whispered, giving a nod or respect. " He's a keeper ." I could hear mom whisper, a wink of mischief in her eyes. I made a weak smile, giving mom's grave one more look. It was time to go, it told me. I had what I needed now. I turned back, trying to wipe the tears away. "You alright?" Percy asked concerned, leaning in to look in my eyes. I sniffled and nodded happily, entwining our hands and looking back one more time. "I couldn't be happier. I've got two moms who love me, a family that'll never leave me. And then I have you. I've finally got it all." I was wrong. I'd been happy earlier today. But when we walked away that day I, I knew I'd really found what I needed. This was my happy ending with Percy. Thanks mom. Happy Mother's day. Happy Mother's day y'all! Hope you all enjoy! Have a fantastic morning/day/night!