was the running this time. Because that couldn't happen. I never wanted to treat Nico like that. Like I just had. "Percy." I don't think I actually heard him at first, I was too busy scrambling to get my stuff together, hands shaking so much I could barely pull the zipper closed. "Perseus!" I tensed up, starting to turn only to freeze. Guilt and shame kept me from looking at Nico after what I did to him. "What are you doing?" I took a few deep breaths, eyes locked on my backpack. "I'm packing." "Oh." It hung in the air between us, that one word. "I'm so sorry Nico. I didn't mean for all that, I was just…. There's no excuse I know. I'll be gone soon; you don't have to worry about it. I'm sorry." I slipped the backpack over my shoulder, eyes finally traveling up enough to see his lone shadow on the wall, small and alone in the light from the hallway. "I'm going to do what you said." I frowned, turning back to see what he meant, but Nico was gone from the doorway. Do what I said? Oh gods… he was running away. This was it, I really had screwed everything up, no going back. I rushed out, trying to think where he could have gone. Maybe it wasn't too late. I'd leave, he didn't have to run, he didn't have to leave everything again. He'd probably already shadow traveled away, but I could call Hazel, then- I ran right into him as he came around the kitchen corner. I had a split second to freak out, worried I was going to touch him and make things even worse before something smacked into my face. I blinked, starting to panic when I realized I couldn't breathe, and that something was clouding my vision and pushing weirdly up against my lips. But then everything changed and I realized Nico was kissing me. Well, kind of. He was holding the plastic wrap from earlier in-between our faces, lips on mine, only the thin material between us. I kissed back before I knew what was happening, trying to get used to trying to kiss back through plastic. All the guilt and urgency melted away in those awkward moments, my arms winding around his waist and his snaking up over my shoulders, adjusting the wrap every few seconds so it wouldn't tear. When we finally broke apart I had to take a few deep breaths, Nico tossing the plastic wrap away and coughing hard. "We really need to work on that." He spluttered, glaring down at the roll "I don't know why I thought it'd actually work. That was the most awkward thing ever." "What….?" And I was back to not knowing what to say. "I thought you were going to run." Nico shook his head. "You said we should improvise. So I did. Cause you're right. I run. And I get angry. And I'm kind of a douchebag sometimes. And so are you. But I do love you. You're the exact opposite of a screw-up Perce, anyone else would have given up a long time ago. You're my hero. And you're stuck with me forever, even after you go through your whole stupid volcano thing." I shook my head, not understanding. "Even after all that?" "I get moody and swear all the time and you just shrug it off. It's healthy to get all that stuff out, even if it does hurt. Cuz it's true." Nico shrugged. "It's not though. That's not what I really think." Nico gave me a loving glare. "It is what you think. At least, a bit of it is. And that's good. Cuz guess what?" "What?" "We're human. We make mistakes, we get angry, and for some psycho reason, we actually have different perspectives and ideas. Crazy right? We're not perfect. But nobody is. And we'll work it out. Cuz that's what we do." "That's what we do." I echoed. Nico smiled and reached back down for the plastic wrap, carefully wrapping up his hands and arms before holding my hand and pulling me back to the bedroom. I let him help take off my backpack and pull me onto the bed, propping up a few pillows to keep us apart, but still never letting go of my hand. "We'll figure this out. Just like you said." Nico smiled, cuddling up and closing his eyes. Yeah. I nodded squeezing his weird, plastic wrapped hand. We were going to figure this out. We both had rough patches, but we'd make it through. "I love you Perce. Forever." I closed my eyes and hummed, Small Bob and Mrs. O'Leary flopping down nearby to snuggle up with us. "I love you too Neeks. Always." Next on Pushing Up Daisies- iZombie Hey everybody, it's been a while. Sorry about the hiatus on all my works, but now that I'm back in school I've got plenty of time. For all of you out there that means updates on Dying To Live, The Ties That Bind/3TB, and finishing Sympathy for the Di Angelo. This is my newest project as an "I'm Sorry" present to some of my readers who had ideas they wanted to read, but I had another question to all you awesome people who actually read all my ramblings (thanks for putting up with me by the way!) Anyways, since Halloween was coming up, I had a quick question to all you out there, and I really hope you can actually help me decide with this; I have a wonderful Halloween multi-chapter idea that I've already started working on, but that means the updates for my other stories would be a bit delayed. Would you rather just have a cute Halloween Pernico oneshot , or would the delay for a bigger story be more exciting? Regardless of what you pick, thanks, hope you enjoyed the first of many Pushing Up Daisies stories, and have a wonderful morning/afternoon/evening!