hand is resting on his ribcage. It takes them a long while, but they make it to Nico's house. It occurs to him as he unlocks the door that Percy's not been in this building since the night of Bianca's funeral. Judging by the sullen look on his face, he's realizing the same thing. It's easy for Nico to forget that Bianca and Percy had been close too. There was a time that Percy and his friends would come over every Saturday night for dinner and Just Dance. Despite being the youngest, Nico was always included. Those were some of his happiest memories. But with just the two of them in the cold living room, the TV and Wii coated in dust, the feeling of nostalgia quickly turns to a dull ache for the both of them. "Help yourself to anything in the fridge. There's some day old pizza, I think," Nico lets go of Percy reluctantly, feeling hollow. He unscrews the cap of a pill bottle, dry swallowing three of them. "You got diagnosed?" Percy inquires, opening the fridge. "Nah," Nico sits on the counter, though it takes a couple of tries to hoist himself up, "We're just trying these out. It'd narrow down the options and shit." "Oh," Percy says through a mouthful of pizza. He swallows before speaking again, "And this is doctor number…?" "Nine, I think," he kicks off his boots onto the kitchen tiles, "Hey, can we maybe not talk about that? I'm sort of sick of medical talk." Percy laughs, "Pun intended?" "No," Nico deadpans. Percy continues on smiling like an idiot, even as he takes another bite of pizza, "Hey, you mind if I hang around for awhile? Mom will kill me if she finds out I skipped school again." "Knock yourself out. I'm gonna hang out in my room." "Cool!" Percy grabs a second slice and follows him into his room. Nico gives him a look, which he's completely oblivious to, but says nothing else. He opens his Kindle case after reclining in bed, music playing seconds later. He switches to Candy Crush immediately, anything to keep his eyes off of Percy, who's sitting on the bed beside Nico's knees. "I'd make fun of you for your messy room, but mine isn't much better." "Hey, it's clean , just… cluttered. You make it sound like there's mold everywhere," Nico glances up and immediately regrets it. He wants so badly to lean forward and steal a kiss. They're barely a foot away from one another. "As far as you know," Percy grins. "Well now I'm going to be paranoid about mold for the next few years of my life. Thanks for that, Percy," hearing the sound of his own voice, accent thick, causes him to shrink into himself. He feels a frustrated anger building up in his chest. He's so defensive at this point that no one has to say a word for him to get upset. Percy, unobservant as ever, laughs, "Sorry buddy." He feels his cheeks burning uncomfortably. His heart is pounding in his chest and he wants to disappear. He laughs weakly, which turns into a small coughing fit, "...buddy. Been awhile since I could even call you a friend." Percy frowns, "...I know. I'm sorry. You have every right to still be angry at me. Hell, I'm still angry at myself." Nico shakes his head quickly, "No. I'm not… I'm not angry at you anymore. That was immature. It wasn't your fault. I just mean- It's been years since I've considered anyone a friend. I have my grandma, I have doctors, I have teachers. I don't have friends." "Is that… I don't know. Intentional?" "I guess so," Nico shrugs, "It's like, isolation is some sort of safety blanket for me. It sucks, but it's easy," his hair falls in his face and he brushes it back with his fingers. He puts the tablet aside as he loses the level of Candy Crush, "I don't know why I'm talking to you about this, of all people," Nico laughs bitterly. Percy leans forward to rest a hand on his shoulder, "Hey-" "Don't touch me," he tenses up, squeezing his eyes shut, "Sorry. Just. Okay?" He pulls his hand back, nodding slowly, "Yeah. No problem. Sorry." Nico leans back against his headboard, shutting his eyes, trying to recollect himself. He's near the point of panicking, he hears his heartbeat in his ears and- was that the door closing? Fuck, Percy left. Of course he would, why wouldn't he? He feels a tear trickle down his neck. He didn't realize he was crying until now. He almost lets out a sob, but then- he hears a D chord. He opens his eyes, wiping his cheek to see Percy playing his ukulele. He is pretty obviously a novice. Regardless, he feels himself relax. He smiles a just a little bit, "Is that Bright Eyes?" Percy returns his smile with a toothy grin, "Lua, yeah." "I'd ask you to sing it, but I know from experience you're a shitty singer," Nico settles himself under the blankets, laying on his side to face Percy. "No need to be rude," Percy feigns hurt. "Agree to disagree," he shuts his eyes again, yawning, "You mind if I sleep?" "I don't mind. Gives me the opportunity to steal more pizza." "Hog," Nico mutters. Surely Percy replies, but Nico tunes into the music and eventually tunes out completely. Percy hears his quiet snores no less than two minutes later. With a small smile, he sets down the ukulele on the bed. Yes, Percy might just have a bit of a hero complex, but it allows for moments like these. ... I have some plot ideas, so let me know if you want this to be a chapter fic, but if not, it'll probably be a one shot. This was 100% venting on my end haha. Contact me on tumblr gnome-aesthetic or on instagram nolifeisenough if you've got questions or anything.