a great Halloween, chances of death and all. Leo tried to swipe some of Nico's candy, only for Nico to swat him away with his sword, yelling "Argh!" We had all burst out laughing, and Nico had smiled, snuggling into the crook of my arm. "It's good to have a real family." He murmured, leaning up against me. "You've always had one Neeks. Even when we were too stupid to let you know." Nico rolled his eyes and Annabeth walked over, showing off her custom designed sonic screwdriver. When I was finally done, I glanced back, only to growl as I saw Will Solace, probably ironically dressed as a doctor, leaning up against a light pole, happily chatting with Nico. After the war, the dude had been a serious issue, wanting to spend all his time with Nico. If I hadn't asked him out when I did, I was pretty sure the douchebag would have stolen Nico right from under my nose. I marched over, trying act happy, wrapping my arms around my pirate. Alright, so maybe Nico wasn't the only possessive, jealous one in this relationship. "Hey Will!" I said, smiling cheerfully. Will smiled back, somehow completely oblivious to my hate. "Hey Percy. Happy Halloween! Nico and I were just chatting about our costumes. Great vampire by the way dude." I nodded distractedly, glancing down at Nico. Nico didn't have a problem storming in when he was jealous, but honestly with Will, it was kind of hard to be mean to him. Unless he did something stupid. Which he luckily did. "But yeah, if you ever want to swing by and try something really sweet, don't hesitate, okay?" He said with a wink. It turns out, when I really want to, I can be extremely scary. The temperature plummeted again, and I'm pretty sure the water around us started bubbling as I glared at him. The poor guy took a step back, eyes wide, before giving off a frightened, nervous laugh. "So yeah, um, I just remembered I have to go, some people got sick after eating candy, so yeah… Bye Nico!" When Will Solace was a good distance away, the temperature settled down and the water returned to its normal state. Nico glanced up at me and gave me a cheeky smile. "You and Will. What's so wrong with him?" "Nothings wrong with him." I said, sitting down beside Nico. Nico raised an eyebrow, unbelieving. "Oh really? In that case I think I'll go stop bye, he was just telling me about all the candy he has stored up at the infirmary." Nico stood up, only for me to grab his waist and pull him back into my lap, wrapping my arms around him protectively. "Alright, I have a problem with him. He scares me." Nico turned around on my lap, giving me a surprised look. "Will Solace, son of Apollo, one of the most mellow people I know, scare you, two time Hero of Olympus, slayer of titans and armies, survivor of Tartarus, and survivor of me? How does he scare you?" I shrugged, looking away. "I really don't wanna talk about it." Nico frowned, bringing a hand to my cheek and leaning back. "Hey." He said gently, forcing me to look at him. "You listen to everything I dish out and more. It's my turn. Let it out, you'll feel better." I sighed, before explaining. "It was right after the war ended, you and I were finally okay with each other, the whole Annabeth thing was taken care of, and I was trying to work up the nerve to ask you out." Nico nodded. "Well, the night before, I had this nightmare. I was back with Annabeth, it was like we had never split up in the first place, even though we were still full of Tartarus' poison. And then all of the sudden you came up. We hadn't fixed things, we never talked like we did here, and we never worked out our issues. You admitted you had a crush on me, and that you were over it, that I wasn't your type. And then you just walked away, right over to a waiting Will Solace. I know it's stupid, but that nightmare scared me almost more than everything that's happened tonight. It's why I really wanted to talk to you that day and why I kissed you that soon, I was afraid I was going to lose you forever if I did. And when you said you liked me, I didn't want to risk it. Because, to be honest, it hurt seeing you with him. And I don't know, just seeing you with him, it just makes me-" I was cut off as a pair of lips caught mine, silencing me, sending waves of comfort and love through me. Nico held me tightly, before pulling away. "Will is a great guy. And to be honest too, I could see myself with him. But maybe in another world, another life, not this one. You want to know why?" I nodded. "Because I have you Perce. Because I have never stopped loving you, and even though its hurt getting here, it's been worth it, because now I have something that makes all the pain go away, something that makes all the struggles worth it. Because I have you Perce. I love you." "I love you too Nico. Forever and always." Nico smiled, before removing the small space between our lips. "Always and forever." He whispered. And then he gave me a kiss sweeter than any candy could ever be. Nico had been right, that had made me feel a lot better. This had been the best Halloween ever. Fluff ending + slight spoilers, but who cares, Happy Halloween! Hope you guys have fun, and enjoyed the story! Please read, review, comment, or critique, and have a fantastic morning/day/night! Check my other stories if you enjoyed! P.S. if anyone out there's interested I could use a beta!