in my dreams, with the black and white tiles under my shoes, the darkness all around me. The only exception was that I saw no humongous chess pieces chasing me. "Welcome to the battlefield, Perseus Jackson," a familiar voice boomed. "You are brave and foolish to come this far out. I was afraid that you would take your beloved mentor's advice to wait. " Out of the shadows came Luke's scarred face. No, this wasn't Luke, something was different about him. Looking at his golden eyes, this was Kronos, the lord of time, speaking to me . He said, "Do you know why I lured you to this obvious trap?" "Not really, no," I said. I came here to save my friends. What other reason should I be doing out here? "I want what you have, and I want to take it from you personally," Kronos started. "Hand me the Hundred-Hand Key." My tongue was tied. "A...a key? What?" I didn't bring a key with me. Unless he was talking about the safe key that hid my secret stack of smuggled chocolate. I didn't bring that either. The lord of time exclaimed, "The Hundred-Hand Key, you fool! You have it!" The Hundred-Hand Key. Never heard of this magical item, nor was it mentioned in the books. "Do you think I'm that stupid to come all the way here to give you a key that I don't even know about? And even if I do have it, why should I just give it to you? Aren't you the type to force it from me, not ask me politely?" Kronos burst into a fit of rage and summoned his scythe. I quickly took out Riptide and uncapped it, ready to spring into action. Kronos raised his weapon upwards, about the slice me in half. I prepared myself for the clash. When he brought down his blade to my head, a golden barrier appeared around me and deflected the attack. The force was so powerful, it threw the titan across the other side of the room, far away from me. I stood there, my brain trying to process what just happened. I looked down to myself. My hands weren't glowing or anything like that. I didn't feel like I used my strength to do that. "Curse the gatekeeper!" Kronos cried out. "Of all the choices, he picked this cowardly son of Poseidon." "Look man, I'm here for my friends and that's it," I said, keeping my cool. I had no idea what this guy was talking about. To be honest, I didn't really care what was his beef with me, a gatekeeper, and a key which I still had no clue about. "I'm taking them back with me. So can I have them back?" "You'll have to fight for them, child," Kronos scowled. He waved his hand to his left. The shadows were pushed away, revealing what it was hiding all this time; a hooded figure sitting on a chair. Another chair, unoccupied, faced the figure from across the table. "Let me make a bargain with you," Kronos said. "We will play a certain game, you and me." I knew where this was going. I knew that from the start. I looked back to the table, to the other person sitting in isolation. "That's unfair. If we're supposed to play together, how come he's the one taking your place?" "Life is unfair, child. They will play for me, and I have my reasons for doing that. If you really want to save your friends, then you'll have to abide with the rules I set. Now, sit down ." I moved towards the table. Up close, I took in the details of my opponent. He wore a brown old traveling coat, and it shadowed his face, his form. He reminded me of the Grim Reaper in cartoons. He wasn't moving—didn't even shift on their seat—ever since I noticed he was there all this time. He didn't glance at me when I got to the table, but he raised their hand. The shadows lifted a little from his face, but I still couldn't see their complete appearance. His neck was chained. Was he captured and forced here? I think that was already a giveaway. He placed the hand on the table. Something started to rise from the surface of the furniture. A chessboard without its pieces. Here we go. I sat down on the empty chair and faced my opponent. Kronos walked besides his buddy. "If you win, you can have those puny half-bloods back and run to your little camp of yours, sing your happy-clappy songs... if you can save them all." He grinned disturbingly. "But if I win... you will hand me the Key." I put my hand on the table like what the other guy did. Chains magically appeared around our wrists, locking our arms into place, and it burst into flames. I didn't feel the heat. "Could you at least cue as in about your house rules?" Being in talking terms with the Titan who wanted me dead or turned into a slave was weird. I should be running for my life, I should be terrified to just be right across him. But if he was going to pull a stunt like before, he'd probably be tossed back again by the magic that protected me from getting harmed. And maybe he knew that. Kronos chuckled and placed his hands on the backrest of my opponent's chair. "The game's mechanics are just the same, with a few differences that you'll find out soon enough. Since you're a little late, you will be black. White goes first. You can take as much as you want playing the game, play gracefully if it'll make it more enjoyable for you. But I expect that both of you will fight like you've never fought before." He inhaled deeply and sighed. "Now, let the game begin." A black hole appeared below us. My soul fell into it.