are you doing, he told us to-" "He told us to not stop no matter what we heard. Come on Neeks!" We kept running. "Children!" Ms. Gottschalk's scratchy voice crawled after us "Come back here or disciplinary action will be taken against you!" We kept running. "Kids look out!" Ferdinand called. We kept running. "Bianca, Nico! Wait up!" Our friends called. We kept running. And explosion went off behind us, the dark landscape was illuminated by flames. We ran harder. "Bia! Nico Di Angelo!" We stopped running. Bianca's voice caught in her throat as she whispered "Mommy?" "Don't look back! Come on we have to go!" "My precious Bia, where are you going? Come back home, everything will be alright. Trust me precious, it will be all right." Our mother's voice kept coming, promises of peace and rest calling out to us. "Bianca come on!" I desperately tugged at my sister's arm, trying to get her to run again. Our mother's voice was getting closer. A single tear ran down Bianca's face before she twisted in my grip and looked back. The next few seconds were stuck in my memory for the rest of my life. I watched as Bianca looked back, eyes full of hope, looking for a mother who was long gone. I watched as she looked back at the speaker, wet hair whipping around in the storm, eyes shining in the firelight from the explosions. And then I watched as that hope shattered, and a single sob escaped her throat. And then she stopped moving. Her already cold skin grew even cooler and turned smooth underneath my fingers. I took a step back, watching in confusion and horror as my sister changed color, her hair no longer whipping in the wind, the strands frozen in place. Another second later, her whole body was a pale gray, and as smooth as glass. My sister had been turned to stone. "Bianca!" I screamed. I threw my arms around her, trying to shake her, tear at the stone and shake it away, but it wasn't any use. I could hear screams in the distance, the silence gone now, monsters roaring, children crying, adults pleading for mercy. I couldn't listen to it, I could only hold onto the statue that had been my sister. This couldn't be happening. I couldn't be losing my sister. It just couldn't happen. My sister couldn't be gone. This was just a nightmare, an insane, awful nightmare. The hissing grew louder and clung onto my sister, tears streaming down my face. "Bianca!" I whimpered. There was another insanely loud explosion, and the hissing stopped. Momentarily forgetting my promise to Perseus, I looked back at the orphanage. A good fifty feet away a tall woman with an afro made up of writhing snakes was staring back at the ruins of Westover Hall. The old castle had collapsed in on itself. Two of the great walls had fallen in, and strange fire burned through everything it came by. A horde of monsters poured out of the destroyed entrance, some taking flight and circling in the sky, others stampeding back out, pooling at the base. The huge stone wall ahead straight ahead of us was suddenly filled with golden light, and another explosion rocketed through the night. Whole walls took flight into the dark sky, soaring as far as they could before violently falling back to earth. Two figures walked out of the rubble, one of them glowing with that same golden light. It was hard to even look at them, it burned my eyes. I couldn't tell who it was, what they looked like, or even if it was a boy or a girl. But I knew without a doubt that they were the cause of all this destruction, that they were the cause for my sister's death. And then I looked to the other figure. My world seemed to freeze for a moment, before shattering. Even across all this distance, I could almost make out Perseus' face as he followed the glowing figure, side by side. Unlike before, he wasn't covered in golden dust, no remainders of the monsters he had killed. He was wet now and was painted dark crimson. It covered him from head to toe and pooled onto his now scarlet bronze sword. I fell back, staring at my hero. No. That was not a hero. I knew without a doubt where that blood had come from. A hero wouldn't do that. A hero wouldn't… Angry tears streamed from my eyes. Perseus! The glowing figure wasn't to blame here, it was him! The hissing started again, and out of the corner of my eyes, I saw the snake woman starting to turn back around. I didn't give her a chance to get me. I was off into the woods in the blink of an eye. I ran and ran, never looking back, while the tears kept coming. Perseus had taken away my sister, he had killed my friends. My hero was going to pay for this. Mark my words, one day I would make him pay. Howdy! Ok, so probably not the best, but I'm pretty excited for this story, so I'm just trying to get it out. I promise I'll try and keep it updated as much as possible. If you notice anything wrong with it, any spelling mistakes, grammatical errors, redundancy, or are just bored, a) I was trying to get across a 10-year-old point of view (epic fail I know) b) again I kind of rushed it, and c) I also don't have a beta helping me out. Anyways, hope you liked, please read and review, it always gives a good boost of morale for the writer as I'm sure you all know, and try and give this one a chance, I think you'll truly enjoy it! Anyways, hope you enjoy and stick around, have a fantastic summer people! Thanks for the support! P.S. Promise to add better summary next time.