as a Goddess to read minds. She moved away from his member and looked up at him with a small smile. "Perseus, trust me," she whispered in a husky tone. "I can't think of anything about you you'd need to be embarrassed about." He blushed even more. She dropped him and crawled back up to his chest, straddling him again. Lifting up only slightly to take him inside her, she found her target and sat back down. She moaned, as both of them expected, but luckily for her Percy could not hear her thoughts, which sounded far closer to OHMYGODSHOLYSHITFUCKFUCKITYFUCKFUCKFUCK . Her brain found trouble processing the information. She was, indeed, straddling the Percy Jackson, and what was she doing? She was fucking him. Here she was, having sex with a nineteen-year-old demigod like there was nothing off-putting about it. Thankfully, his moans and groans made it worth it. He pulled her down to him to capture her lips in yet another kiss; one hand running through her hair and the other grasping her buttocks, maintaining balance as she rode him. She pulled away. "You love me, right?" she purred. "Say it." He said nothing. He looked at her with squinted eyes…her image now flashing back and forth between Aphrodite and Annabeth. She wasted no time waiting for him to answer, instead continuing their session and kissing him again. She asked him the same question three more times before they finished, and every time his eyes met hers with the same disconnect. The morning did not go well. She had woken up before him, trying to sneak out, but he had woken up only moments after her, realizing she was not Annabeth as he had previously thought. There was shouting and banging from his cabin; he did not put his hands on her, instead taking his anger out on every inanimate object he could find. She flashed out before the fight escalated, now sitting in her bedroom on Olympus, with nothing but her thoughts. She heard footsteps slowly coming to her. When she turned, it was her lame ex-husband, Hephaestus, looking at her with a twisted grin. "So, how was it?" said the God. She turned away from him. "He found out it was me. He was less than amused." The Fire God chuckled. She put her hair brush down and looked blankly at the mirror. "He'll get over it," she assured. But when she glanced at the God's pressing face, she was less sure. "He'll forgive me, right?" "Would you forgive you?" She stared back at her reflection with the same blank look. "How are you supposed to get someone to love you without taking away their free will?" He laughed this time, a bit rowdier than before. "A question I asked myself when we were first wed, darling. When the Love Goddess finds the answer to that question, let me know." Before he could leave, Eros knocked on the bedroom walkway, and sheepishly made his way over to his mother. He held out his bow and arrows, avoiding eye contact. Aphrodite stared at them with no opinion, before realizing what her son was saying. "You shot me with an arrow." "I was angry. I am sorry, mother." "I hurt him. He trusted me, at least a little." Eros darkened. "I didn't make you love him mother. That was already there. The arrow just…amplified it." She stood and kneeled until she was eye level with her son. "You will tell him. You will tell him what you did and you will face the consequences for orchestrating such an awful thing in revenge." Two days went by before Aphrodite heard any word from Percy. She sat in her room and brushed her hair for hours waiting for a response, hoping that he would forgive her for the influences she was under. Fortunately, her bedroom spring began to bubble, and overflow. She ran over to it and waved her hand to rest it, before waving again to pull up a mist message from Percy. She stood silently, unaware of what to say to him. "I know," he began. "Eros told me everything. I'm not mad. What you did…I can see why it wasn't your fault." "I—I'm sorry, I never wanted to—" "Let's just forget it happened. Just…just try to have you and your family use their powers for more good than bad, okay?" He smiled at her and her heart fluttered. He was such a good man, to everyone, even his enemies. She saw exactly what every other person saw in him. He moved to cut the message, but then halted. He looked back at her, and twisted his mouth slightly. The smile was barely noticeable, but she had found it. "Between you and me," he said. "It wasn't all that bad. I mean, who else gets to say they spent the night with the Goddess of Love?" She raised her hand slightly. "Er, don't answer that question. But you know, we're cool." Aphrodite turned away from the message as it vanished. She had punished Eros by taking away his bow for a week, and promised herself to do no meddling for two. Later that night after her bath she imagined Percy coming to her heartbroken, separated from his Athena spawn, begging her to comfort him. She'd take him. She'd take him once, twice, three times. She might even have him replace Ares. Then she stopped. The fantasies were nice, but they were nothing more than that. Simple guilty pleasures for her mind and her mind alone. A/N: I know. I didn't want to actually make them a long term COUPLE. I believe in Percabeth. Always have and always will. If any of you were looking for AU let me know and I'll actually make them a complete and total Perodite and kick Percabeth to the can, but until then, this is as far out there as I can mentally allow myself to get. I do hope you enjoyed it though!