knees. "Come with me Luke." She said picking up his shaking hand. He got to his feet silently swallowing down all the emotion that washed over him. He had to keep the tears from spilling over, the shaking from making him fall down to the ground, every time he blinked he could see the horrible blinding white light he had seen right before it hit him and Thalia. He knew she was gone. He could just feel it. The part of him that had died is the part that loved her. His mother, his father and now his best friend were dead to him. He felt like he was all alone. The only thing he had left was this little girl that was leading out back to the woods. As they walked out of the infirmary and past the normal campers they all stopped what they were doing and stared at both of them like they were aliens. He felt as cold as they stared at him. His body ached and his skin was red as a layer of his skin had been peeled off when the white light had hit him. Ozone filled the air. They walked silently up the hill he had lost so much at. As they walked up the hill he could feel the presence of the campers staring at them from far behind. The path seemed to have less trees then he remembered scattered along the hill. Maybe he had imagined all the obstacles. But there was one tree that stood out from all the rest of them. A huge healthy pine grew at the very top glowing with gold from the sunlight that only spotted through the clouds to the tree. He knew for a fact that this one wasn't there when Thalia was fighting the monsters by herself. He winced. He should have been there the whole time by her side; but he wasn't and because of that choice she was gone. And this tree stood where she had now. He blinked and she was there standing at the top perfectly fine as if she was waiting for him. She smiled down at Annabeth and Luke who took there time walking up the hill. Her black hair blew away from her face and her blue eyes shined in the sunshine then she was gone. The tree stood there protecting everything in it's boundaries. As he got closer with Annabeth still leading him he could see something glittering in the sunlight. His sword sat stabbed into the ground at the foot of the giant trunk of the tree waiting for him to reclaim it. Annabeth freely walked over to the tree and sat at the very base of it like this was her favorite place in the world. He was staring at the tree shaking from fright. He gasped when Annabeth spoke ripping his eyes away from the magical tree to the little girl sitting beneath it. She patted the ground next to her "she's here." She sighed deeply looking out to the camp that he could see now because of the sun below. "I can feel her. Can't you?" He could feel Thalias presence pulling him closer to her, but he couldn't see her; only the tree that mocked him. His heart ached and skipped and he could almost see her holding his hand and pulling him up the hill to where Annabeth sat contently next to the tree. Thalia looked back and smiled at him like she had done so many times before. He could almost hear her say "Come on Luke. Gods sometimes you're so slow." She laughed at him and it echoed away like nothing as she disappeared like smoke from his eyes. Tears fell silently down his face and he stumbled across one of the roots of the tree and fell clutching at the trunk. His knees dug into the soft green grass that grew around the tree, his hands above his head trailing down the familiar ridges of trunk like he had known this tree all his life. Yet he had known her all his life, the part of his life that mattered at least. Thalia. He cried out screaming curses to the gods up in the sky. Tears flowed down his face and even after he had lost what little energy and Anger had been filling him up did he stop. He laid there thrown against the tree that was his only support for what seamed like hours. He was silent and grew calmer as time passed. A small little hand reached around and touched his shoulder. He looked back blurry eyed to find little Annabeth smiling at him with so much hope in her grey eyes. "She's not gone Luke. She still right here with us." She sat down next to him between a root of the tree and him. He turned around leaning against the trunk of the tree wiping away the tears. Annabeth yawned even though it was the middle of the day. She laid her head against his shoulder. "Family Luke. You promised." And with that she nodded off to sleep. He looked out down to the new place he could call home. People busied by down below and it seamed to have everything he could ever want except one thing that was torn away from him. His heart slowed as he listed to Annabeth's slow breaths. His eye lids got heavy and right before he closed them he looked over to his other shoulder. A spiky black haired girl smiled at him lazily. She pushed his shoulder lightly with hers. "Go to sleep Luke" She cooed. She held on to his arm then closed her electric blue eyes and leaned her head against his shoulder smiling contently. He closed his eyes for the last time feeling the slow breaths of the two girls lull him to sleep. They were the only family he had left. If only one of them wasn't gone…