of the room as Zeus was to in shock to say anything. With that I left the room with a soft click of the door as I met a friendly face. "Can't believe you actually did that to father." Said Aphrodite with an eyebrow raised. Beside her sat Artemis, Hera, and Athena all of which over the past months had all partaken in my 'motivational' sessions. Which in turn had made my work progress tenfold "Couldn't help it after I found out about his plans to take credit for my work, also that resignation form also held all of yours as well. I wouldn't like you all staying here with that man." I said with a huff as they all laughed at me. "But don't worry about living expenses and all that other stuff the grants will pay for that. But once I submit my patent for the wormhole creator I will be richer than bill gates overnight. However I also submitted an application for Zoe to a nearby college by my future workplace, so you won't have to worry about her being her Artemis." I said as she shook her head but smiled at me. "You're such a goof, but a smart goof." She said as I smiled at her. "Still it is a good plan I don't wish to teach around here for any longer than I have to, I am tired of living off of Zeus's wealth like a tick. But once we move with you I am getting a new job besides a teacher, how does architect sound?" She said proudly as we all laughed. "Wait what do you mean working? I will not have any of you working in your current conditions." I said as they all frowned. "Just because we all are pregnant doesn't mean we have to not work, I worked when I was pregnant with Zoe." Artemis said. She then rubbed her bulging belly with a smile as if remembering good times. "Yes that is true but you weren't 9 months pregnant and expecting in the next few weeks." I said as she gritted her teeth as everyone chuckled. "Well I could use a few months off work, I don't mind working with the kids." Hera said as she rubbed her swollen belly. When they all first told me in all honesty I fainted for a day and then the next I immediately read all the books on parenting I could find. Let's just say my motivation for a bright future for my new family was at a new high. "Anyways I still think you all should just enjoy your time with the kids while I work." I said as Athena scoffed. "What are you saying? You are going to spend all the time you have helping us take care of the kids as well. Don't think you will get off easy." She said as she crossed her arms over her swollen belly. "That reminds me who will be Percy's wife in all this?" Asked Hera who obviously was talking about the others. They all however looked at one another then back at me as I gulped slowly. "Yeah Perseus why haven't you ever mentioned a wife? People would get suspicious if the worlds smartest inventor and scientists had 4 children and didn't have a wife." Athena said as I laughed nervously. "Well your all so pretty and smart I just don't know who to choose." I said as they narrowed their eyes. "You're safe for today but one day you will have to choose, but for now I want some ice-cream." Aphrodite said as she got up and gave me a peck on the cheek as I smiled. I was just grateful nobody but us were around, since it was very well hidden that I had a relationship with these four teachers. Thankfully Zoe didn't kick my ass to hard when she found out I was dating her mom and got her pregnant. However Zoe was thankful that her mother finally found someone she approved of. "Ice-cream will only make you fat." Artemis said. "But you're still going to get some." I said as she nodded. "Of course I am its ice-cream come on." She said as Hera just laughed. "Well at least you have good taste." She said as she got up with the help of me as she rested a hand on her belly. She then stood up and gave me a kiss on the lips as she smiled. "In both food and men." She said playfully as everyone rolled their eyes but smiled. "So Percy I never got to ask you, what will you be working on when you are done with the wormhole generator?" Asked Aphrodite which surprised everyone as we all starred at her. She just blushed as we all began to walk away from the currently yelling Zeus as he found his daughters and ex-wife's resignations. "Actually she has a point Percy what are you working on?" Hera asked. "Well that is a secret." I said as she glared at me. "You've never kept a secret from us before…what makes this one so special?" Asked Athena as I smiled. "We'll if I can solve this one I will change the world and the entire universe, which is why it is only a personal project. If I figure it out, we will be the only ones in this universe that I will use it on." I said as they all grew confused. "What are you talking about?" Asked Hera "Ever hear of the elixir of immortality?" I said as my smile grew wide. Okay just a simple One Shot I hoped you all liked, feel free to pick ideas up off this for your own stories. If anyone has any questions just PM me or leave a good review and I will get back to you when I can. Now good story writing my friends. Just remember even the greatest authors had to start from somewhere.