trees, and cities as the bases of them. Merging our two separate worlds together to form one giant elf/human environment that we both thrive in as of today. But one day we hope we can take back our homes." Hestia added on the end as I felt sadness fill her voice. I just smiled as I hugged her waist as she smiled once again. "Hestia why do the humans hate us?" I asked her as she seemed to think about it. "Probably because they fear us, or because one act that our ancestors did to anger them. Humans are very unforgiving creatures. That is why it is hard for human Espers to live with other species, we fear them but because we are all Espers we can live together. But hopefully one day it will end with peace but I doubt that it will. But on a happier note guess what I brought?" She asked me as I widened my eyes. "Cookies?" I asked her as she smiled. "Better that that, I brought blue cookies." She said rummaging in her bag and brought out a container of the delicious morsels. I just smiled as she gave them to me, instantly I ripped it open and began to devour them. All she did was laugh as the still warm chocolate cookies melted in my mouth, I was in Elysium. But as I ate them I felt tears peck my eyes as I ate slower one cookie in each hand. "I wonder if dad liked moms cookies." I said taking a slow bite of one and chewing even slower my thoughts overruling my current wanting of cookies as I felt more tears fill my eyes. At my words Hestia also grew a sad face and hugged me as I took another bite. "He loved them very much, he would never stop talking about them trust me." She said into my hair as she kissed my head. "What was he like?" I asked her. "That isn't a question to ask me Percy, ask your mother okay." She said as I nodded and continued eating the cookies. Hestia just smiled and rubbed my head until I felt sleepiness start to rush over my full belly body. Quickly I found my head in Hestia's lap as I drifted off to sleep. LINEBREAK: 12 YEARS LATER "Percy you there?" A voice suddenly said in my head as I groaned as I woke up from my past memory. But as I did I felt tears on my face but being in space they just floated in front of me. As I wiped my tears I just continued looking into the pitch darkness in front of me, little speck of light littering its darkness as I just starred. "Hey space brain respond." I heard as I growled a little at the name. "Yeah I am here what's up?" I asked her in my mind because I knew she would pick it up. "Were almost there." She said as I smiled a little. "Took us long enough, how many months have we been in hyper sleep?" I asked out loud this time as I flicked on the com between all our ships. "3 months." I heard from a male voice as I smiled. "Really thought it was going to be longer than that." I said as I scratched the back of my head my body stiff after not moving for so long. "You never read the reports do you, you're such a space brain." She said as I just laughed along with several other voices. "Beets being Smart water." I said as she cursed at the nickname. "Percy that isn't very nice to bring that up." I heard from a quieter voice. "Piper it is useless to try to uses your ESP over the com it won't work." I said as the others laughed as I swear I could feel her blush from here. "Approaching planet Alpha in 20 minutes prepare to land." Said a robotic voice as I laughed a little. "Never gets old hearing your voice." I commented to the ships voice as I began to flick switches an press buttons from my small cockpit. As I did I saw a planet enter my view from the right as I smiled a little. "So how long do you think this war will take?" A voice said. "To long." Replied a sweet voice. "Got that right." Said a deep voice. "Oh looks like the love birds are awake." Commented a voice that you could almost see a grin as he said it. "Says the elf." Replied the deep voice. "Hey need I remind you it is a third elf, third horned one, and a third human." He said annoyed as we all laughed. "Shut up Leo." Said a stricter female's voice. "Ah Calypso you hurt me." He said in a dramatic voice. "Whatever guys we are approaching the surface now, Percy you stay in orbit you know the drill." Said Annabeth our half water nymph half human, aka Smartwater. "You got it Smartwater, Charles keep an eye on Leo will you who know what that elf will do with Calypso if he is together with her." I said earing an ohhh from everyone, I bet Calypso's cheeks were on fire right now. "Will do, beginning decent." He said as I watched 16 ships enter the planet's atmosphere as I smiled. Leaning back in my seat as I settled in watching the sun the planet orbited. This planet was the last planet that the Espers once had as a home. This planets was the place my father died to protect the ship that held our future of human Espers. But now the Espers wanted to fight back, with an army of 5,000 Espers on the ground of Alpha planet we were ready. But with this elite squad of Espers sent to help our army we were ready to take back what was ours. The Espers were finally fighting back.