speak again. "I know what you are all thinking but the reason we are here is to ask for his help, I know most of you disagree with this but it must be done. He is the only one who can possibly help us in the next decade." I said as they all shared looks of confusion but Zoe and Phoebe both looked at me with looks of betrayal as I hid something from them. "Also Phoebe I am sorry I didn't tell you it was him before we got here, but I needed your help on this mission. I knew you would back out if you knew it was to find him." I whispered as she gave me an angry glare and marched towards the house as I sighed deeply as I soaked in my misery. "Milady what is this man to Phoebe?" Asked Zoe as the other hunters soon fallowed behind their strongest hunger aside from Zoe who is the fastest. "Ah I seem to forget Phoebe is older than you sometimes Zoe. That man to Phoebe is a savior and a betrayer, but that is all I can tell you without her consent. Come now let's go eat." I said as I marched ahead as Zoe was left with a confused face as she slowly fallowed behind as I entered the cabin to find Phoebe serving the girls as Perseus stacked firewood in the corner of the room. "You know I remember houses like these." I said as he turned to me with a smile. "I know as do I." He said simply as he got his own bool of the vegetarian soup and started to eat as most the hunters went outside to eat as a few such as Zoe, Phoebe, and I all stayed in the room as he starred at us. "Let me guess you're not hear on vacation." He said as I sighed. "Olympus is in trouble." I said as he scoffed as Zoe got an angry face. "Why is that so funny boy?" She asked him as he looked up at her with a mix of curiosity in his eyes. "It is just that after 15,000 years you might think that the Olympians would get their act together but I guess they still need little old me to help them out." He said with a tone of mockery as Zoe growled at him. "Zoe enough." I said as Phoebe who was sensing the tension got up and bowed to Perseus as he gave her a sad smile. "It was good to see you again Percy." Phoebe said as he laughed. "Oh do not worry I sense you will see more of me in the coming days, but it is good to see you again as well Phoebe." He said as she quickly left the room to the other hunters who were coaxing over the small penguin with some of the soup. "They grow up so fast don't they?" He said in a tone that seem much too old for a man in his late 20's. "Milady will you let this man disrespect Phoebe behind her back?" Zoe asked as she glared at Percy once again as he shrugged. "You know I remember when you were just a tiny little baby, man what happened to those days." He said as Zoe froze and turned to look at me as I sighed as I knew the next question. "Did you know my mother?" She asked him as he raised an eyebrow and looked at me as I didn't meet his gaze. "Of course I do I have known her many years, why wouldn't I?" He said with a shrug as I felt Zoe's eyes grow wide. "Then please tell me who she is! I have lived my whole life not knowing who my mother or father is. So if you have any knowledge of who they are then please tell me." Zoe nearly begged the man in front of her as I could feel two eye boring holes in my head coming from Percy. (Yeah sorry to tell you guys but Zoe isn't the daughter of Atlas in this one.) "Artemis I can't believe you have kept her in the dark for the past 5000 years." He said as Zoe's eyes went wide as they landed on me as I flinched at her glare. "You knew and you never told me?" She asked in a deadly silent tone as the whole room and happy sounds of the hunters seemed to grow silent. "Of course she did, believe it or now Zoe but your birthright one of a kind." Percy said as she looked over at him. "Tell me who my father and mother are and then I will tell you how rare it is." She nearly snarled at him as he got a small smile on his face. "Well Artemis I think 5000 years is enough time for her to not know, so go on a tell her." He said to me as I silently cursed him as Zoe just stared at me as I took a deep breath and let it out slow as I spoke. "Zoe I would like you to meet your father Perseus Jackson first Mortal and first human Alpha in existence. Also the very man who changed me from an Alpha to Omega with mana and helped me give birth to you." In that moment a loud number of what's came from outside the hunters and a blush brighter than Apollo's teeth shown on Artemis's face. But Zoe could only do one thing in that moment, she fainted. All right everyone this is the rewrite I hope you all enjoy the little cliff hanger I gave you all, just think of it as a new story and boom you will all love it. Also the next chapter I plan to have Percy go to Olympus. Also I hopped you all like the father daughter fun I threw in here.