the history behind each one. "The same can go for me, though I must say where did the top of your toga go?" He asked me as I looked down to see my bare chest which was glistening with sweat from my earlier wood chopping. "It was torn so I got rid of it." I said as he seemed to think about tit for a second. "I guess the toga was not the right choice of clothing for you two, I will give you both new clothes tomorrow morning so do not fret." He said as a small frown appeared on Irene's face as she took a glance at me like it was her last seeing me shirtless. "Thank you very much Prometheus." I said as he nodded one last time. "You are very welcome it is all I can do for my first creations." He said with a sad smile. "Then it was you who put us here, please can you tell us what we were before we came to life?" Asked Irene franticly as he nodded. "You were clay sculptures I made and the ones who gave your life was Athena or the female that was with me when you two woke up." He said as I realized something. "Then were are the children of Prometheus and Athena then." I said as he nodded. "If you put it that way yes you are but instead of being a god you are mortals who have a limited life span (he doesn't know that they have don't have a life span). We do not know how long you two will live but all I can say is make the best out of it, learn what those feelings inside you are, make stupid mistakes, love, and a whole lot of other things. All I can say is live your life the way you want it and love who you wish to love, it is your life make the best of it." He said with a smile as I smiled a little. "Unfortunately though I must make this visit short of Zeus will get on me about it, but I have come bearing a gift that will help you live in this world and its darkness." He said as he walked forward and snapped his fingers as a couple small logs appeared with some stone around them. Suddenly he leaned down and put the glowing stick on the logs as they caught flame. It was beautiful as I stared into the orange flames. But it carried the heat of the sun as I back away from it for a second as did Irene. It felt both dangerous and soothing at the same time, it was like it could hurt you and heal you at the same time. I just kept starring as Prometheus watched our reactions until he finally spoke. "This is my first of 3 gifts I would like to give you two, this is called fire. It has many uses but the most prominent is for protection from the darkness and then cooking. You can use this to cook any food you may want to cook so you two don't get sick. The second is the clothes I will provide you with tomorrow, they will change according to the age of time you are in, to what activity you are doing, and the season." "Finally my last gift is that I can give you is that you will remain blind to the gods of Olympus will more than likely harm you until the end of you days. But any ones such as Athena or maybe Hestia will know where you are, I trust those two with this information and I hope you do as well." He said looking at us as we sat across from the fire from him. "I believe that those two are the correct decision, from what Athena has shown us in our memories is that Hestia is indeed a very trustworthy goddess. All I can say is thank you for making us." I said standing up as he did as I gave him a hug which seemed to surprise him, slowly he hugged me back as were parted. Quickly like me Irene gave our father a hug as well, but just as he was about to leave he stopped and turned back to us. "I forgot to mention that due to you being my first creations you will notice something different about you from others when they start coming into the world. Like you for instant Perseus you have the strength of a god while Irene holds the mind of a god. You two will slowly learn to control these things as they come to you, such as Perseus when he gets his ability to have a mind like you Irene or when you get the strength that Perseus has. But in time both of you will share the same abilities as the other, unfortunately no powers though." He said as I laughed. "I do not need powers like the gods if have someone as smart as Irene around." I said slinging an around the now blushing female. "Yes I guess you are right, but I wish you two luck on your endeavors. Also I am afraid this is the last time I will visit you two." He said with a sad smile as I wanted to ask why, but I felt a pinch on my side as I turned to see Irene shaking her head. All I could do was nod as I watched our father disappeared into the forest to never come back. So how did you guys like it? I know it is a little slow at the beginning but don't worry later it will get better but for now I am finishing my other stories then going onto this on. This is just so I can get the idea out of my head and onto paper okay. But leave some reviews okay.