again looked down at puddle of melted metal. I waved my hand and suddenly the weapon returned to its normal form and flew back to Zeus, he grabbed it out of the air as he flashed away not caring about anybody else. Slowly I talked to some gods about things they wanted to know, like if I had any kids. After I answered the last question from Apollo all that were Artemis and Hera as she was still sulking over her lost child. Artemis walked over to me and lightly slapped me on the head as I looked at her. "What?" I asked her as she pinched me. "Go apologize to her that was deeply personal to her." She said as I looked up at Hera who had her head in her arms as she cried. "Fine I will make it better." I said as I walked up to Hera's throne, after a little she looked up with red eyes and glared at me. "What do you want boy?" She growled at me as I sighed this wasn't going to go down very simply. After a minute of thinking I thought of the perfect I'm sorry gift. "Hera I am sorry for what I told them about you, please forgive me and accept my gift of apology." I said bowing to her as she looked up from her arms and glared at me. "What could you offer that will change the fact I had child my husband killed that was not his, what will make me better that you told my whole family that I did have a child that was not Zeus's." He hissed at me as I looked up at her with my sea green eyes, suddenly they flashed white as Hera looked at them. With a whisper that no one could hear suddenly a ripper started to form by right in front of me, the ripple began to look distorted as colors mixed until perfect semi-circle of black formed right in front of me. It only took half a second for it to happen as the blackness formed, suddenly a sucking sound was heard as the blackness suddenly disappeared leaving a blank with something in it in front of me. Hera looked at me with question as I gently picked up the bundle; I motioned for Artemis and Hera to come closer without words as Hera shrunk to her normal human size and came forward with question. "Percy what did you do?" Artemis said she tried to catch a glimpse of what was in the bundle of blankets. "Hera promise me you will not tell anyone what I am about to show you or what I have just done, if you swear on the Styx I will show you what I have done." I said as she nodded and took the oath as did Artemis for good measure. "Hera I present to you your son I brought back to from the past, I have made him immortal but he is still a demigod. I hope you enjoy my gift because it is one I might not ever give again." I said as I handed her the baby as she looked down at the baby as he opened his eyes revealing the same one as Hera's. "John…" She asked as the baby giggled and grabbed at her hair as Hera went to tears of joy. "How can I ever thank you Percy?" She asked as she cuddled the baby as she seemed truly happy at that time. "You can't thank me for this, just think of it as apology for what I did to you today." I said stepping away from her, leaving the mother and her child Artemis caught up to me as she seemed ready to explode with questions. "You can only ask one and if it is the right question I will answer it." I said as she seemed to think about it as I stopped as she paced thinking about what to ask, finally she thought of something. "Why did you really do it, why did you help Hera with her child that died?" She asked me. "Because no matter what I don't think any child should suffer like I did for so long, I did it to prevent another child who didn't even know his mother be reborn." I said as Artemis looked at me stunned. I just walked past her as she pinched me again. "Ow what was that for?" I said in a childish voice as she pinched me again. "Not such a bad person as I thought for a male." She said as she was gone in a silver flash as I was left all alone in the middle of the giant pathway to the throne room. "Well I guess I will take Aphrodite up with that offer I gave her." I said as I detoured around the paths as I finally found the temple I was looking for. Bright pink and red temple that looked like a place where dressers are design. As I walked up to the door I simply nocked once as, in a second I heard someone come to the door and open it. "Well looks like Percy came to play." Aphrodite said, she wore see-through gown and pink panties. She had on no makeup and supple DD breasts that seemed super soft, but to top it off she had silk blond hair and deep blue eyes. I just walked up to her and cupped her cheek in my hand looking her in the eyes. I could feel her knees going week as she looked into my eyes as stared her down as I said nothing. "How about we take this inside and see if my theory is correct." I said as she nodded as she led me inside. A/N: Just Review and I might give gifts every so often. Hey I need some ideas for some review game you decide people. Things to review: -Things