and grabbed her coat. Annabeth and Piper looked at her curiously as she straightened the collar determinedly. "Well?" She snapped, "Get up! We have to get to Heathrow." Piper squealed and jumped up. "This is like a movie!" She clapped her hands and pulled Annabeth up by her forearm. But the blonde wasn't so easily accepting. "Guys, it was just a fling." She pleaded. Thalia and Piper stilled and the room was quiet again. It was as if, from miles away, they could hear the private jet taking off and leaving Heathrow for JFK in New York City. (...) "What?" Leo snickered, tossing a hacky sack against the private jet's luggage compartment. It promptly shot against Nico's seat, disturbing him from a leather bound notebook. The boy grimaced and bumped up the volume of his music. Leo shrugged at him and turned back to Percy, "The whole hooking up with a foreign girl in a different country never works, why bother asking?" Percy sat straight in his plane seat. "I never said foreign girl," He protested, "And we stayed for three weeks so logically it seems like it would work!" Leo sputtered again and shrugged, as Jason turned the corner out of the plane restroom and raised his eyebrows at Percy. "Why are you asking, Perce?" His sly smile made Percy's eyes narrow. But Jason didn't know, Percy hadn't told him and Annabeth wouldn't have told Thalia…right? Hell, he didn't even know if she would or not… she was just some perfect brief but so lasting memory at this point. He tried not to think about it that much. Shaking his head, he dropped his voice. "It's nothing." Percy rested his elbows on his knees and rolled his neck back, just in time to see Luke peek into the cabin of the plane. "Hey guys." The twenty five year old's voice was cheery but his face was grim. The other boys gave him jumbled greetings but Luke headed straight for Percy and leaned over to his seat, "Perce, man. I don't uh…suppose you finished that rough for the new song…? We're booked to play in a month and upper management is asking and honestly I'm not sure if I can hold them off anymore." Percy stared at Luke's face, but his gaze was a million miles way. "Yeah," He mumbled, snapping back to reality and meeting his manager's eyes, "Don't worry about it. I got it." It smelled like burning leaves in Thalia Grace's mother's apartment. Apparently it was a new candle, according to said mother, who was guiding her through to the room she would be staying in. It was one of those before mid-year breaks that she and Thalia got off due to being seniors at St. Hera's. The apartment was distracting her from fully giving Thalia's mother her attention, she had to admit. The modern deco mix architecture blended oddly with the Grecian busts that were placed everywhere (all of the same man too). "Aw come off it Mom," Thalia joked as she slid onto one of the kitchen island stools, "Annabeth is tired and too busy staring at all the marbles of Pa to pay attention to your candle talk." Annabeth flushed and turned to apologize, but the tall beautiful woman, who looked like a splitting image of Thalia, yet with longer hair, just laughed breezily and patted her upper arm. Annabeth was glad Thalia and her mom were close enough to joke like that now, and she smiled as the two chatted snidely. With one hand, Thalia grabbed a tiny remote off the counter and turned to turn on the TV in the living room, which was directly visible due to the open concept structure. Annabeth would take some time ordinarily to admire such a feature; if she didn't feel downright dirty in the uniform she just flew overseas in. Turning her back to the kitchen, the living room and the TV, she was about to retreat into the room Mrs. Grace had lent her in order to change when a melody froze her solid in her steps. The guitar was clear, crystal and breaking the Graces' conversation like a knife. Thalia remained silent against the cheering and music coming from the TV but Mrs. Grace's voice was faint, "Oh isn't that the boys-!" Her voice died instantly in the wake of lyrics in the song. " When the lights go out … She's all I ever think about! The picture burning in my brain, kissing in the rain … I can't forget my English love affair. " Annabeth spun around so quickly, she would've normally given herself whiplash if she weren't so focused on the TV screen. Alternatively, Thalia spun to look straight at her face. On the screen, there he was. Percy Jackson, face sweaty and hands gripping the microphone just like he gripped her body, stood on a stage singing his damn heart out. His voice was rasping, his eyes were passionate, staring out among the crowd of wild fans as if searching as he ran himself through the lyrics that he melded together like gold. " … of her king size bed. Means I can't –." His lip curled up at 'king' and a shiver went down Annabeth's spine. She didn't forget those lips dragging themselves across her skin, across the cheeks that were currently so red. His right hand clutched the microphone so tightly as the camera swung right in front, and the left hand swept his fringe out of his face. Percy's eyes set straight forward, boring out of the TV practically, as if he could tell she was standing right there in Thalia Grace's kitchen in New York City, with pink cheeks and trembling knees. " My English love affair … " I really like rock star/"nobody" concepts to be quite honest and I want to write more for this but I'm not entirely sure! Might post an epilogue or something if people are interested! Until then! C: