of what looked like a smirk on Ambassador Nico's face, but it was gone before she was sure. "Uh," the Prince cleared his throat, "Everyone calls me Percy. Perseus is my full name, I only use it for formal titles." Her eyebrows rose at him and Thalia stiffened a giggle. Proper manners required her to only call him Perseus until they were well into a long companionship, or a relationship even. It made her cheeks hot to think about that, and she fought with the nausea that rose in her stomach at the idea. Yet it seemed he didn't know this at all. She opened her mouth to reply when the ballroom filled with the clear blare of multiple trumpets. She took two steps back, nodded goodbye to the two men before dragging Thalia with her to the front of the ballroom where the thrones were. Each King and Queen stood from their throne, with unique specter in hand and when they bowed their heads, every person in the room bowed lower. When she rose, Annabeth stepped to the side as the Father King, Zeus, led the Twelve Olympians monarchs from their thrones and through the door of the ballroom to the seminar room across the Hall of Truth (named so by the former Lord of the Gulf of Athens who died horribly in the battle of the Gulf of Athens). Usually by rank, the Courts would follow, yet Annabeth hung back at the resistance of Thalia. The older girl had developed a rather serious expression and when she turned to Annabeth, her face tried to hide the unease Annabeth could blatantly see. They said nothing as the crowd eased around them, but Annabeth gently touched her friend's hand and whispered: "No matter what happens, we will always be friends." When the daughter of Zeus's face broke into a grateful smile, Annabeth hoped to the Gods that she hadn't lied. . The seminar room was reconstructed larger to house the entire attendance of the Meeting, and its light wood panels were decorated with fancy gold crests. In the center of the room was a large raised circle with twelve identical gold thrones and audience seats rose upward in front of it like a theatre. Behind the gold thrones were three light wood rows of seats taken by the various Oracles of the Kingdoms, with the three old Fates gathered close in the front room. Two balconies rose from each side of the throne circle to house the groups of advisors and various attorneys each Court employed. It had to be one of Annabeth's favorite rooms when she was younger, but as she grew and was forced to learn more traditional roles for a young lady, she rarely got to flounce up and down the isles. But now she wanted nothing else but to sit in her seat and sit still. The tension in the air was stiff as each Court filled into their respective area and assigned seating, as the seats were arranged by rank. Being a crown heir, Annabeth's seat was in very front and as she sat, she glanced over to see Thalia sit about ten seats down. Her friend sat directly next to the crown heir of the Kingdom of Zeus, her younger half-brother Jason, whose classy behavior, yellow blond hair and supposedly charming behavior made him the heartthrob of girls everywhere. He was the crown prince to the Father King, but Annabeth hadn't talked with him much despite being his sister's best friend. She couldn't help herself but feel bitter around the 'Prince Charming', as it was his heritage and position as the Mother Queen Hera's chosen hero that knocked Thalia from her direct line to the throne. Annabeth didn't blame him too much, for it was really Queen Hera's jealous temper that blew it up for Thalia. Didn't Hera have her own kingdom to run? Of course, she'd be upset since Queen Hera was King Zeus's wife, but Thalia's mother had given birth to Thalia long before that marriage was even forming. Besides, it wasn't like King Zeus loved Queen Hera. Maybe there was some feelings there but the obvious diplomatic marriage for the sake of establishing trade and the sheer amount of King Zeus's consorts honestly just made Queen Hera look rather foolish, and Gods forbid, desperate. Annabeth's eyes narrowed as she turned to look at the raised floor and the twelve-semi circle of thrones. Hera sat tall on the right of Zeus, looking out through the room with an upturned snooty gaze. Her dark hair was lined with a crown of silver peacock feathers and if Hera had met Annabeth's gaze, Annabeth would've probably scowled at her. Instead she turned her scowl into her hands, listening to the flutter of fans as ladies and duchesses slide out their delicate accessories to cover their mouths as a formality. Annabeth would've covered her scowl too, if she liked fans and carried one. She looked back up and immediately caught the eyes of her mother. Queen Athena raised her head and smiled softly at Annabeth. Despite her mother's controlled demeanor and strict manners, Annabeth still loved her very much. Though she wasn't around as much as Annabeth liked, her mother was her closest family and every minute since her father left, Annabeth appreciated Athena's presence more. So she straightened her back, folded her hands in her lap and smiled brightly back at her mother, determined to make her proud this Meeting. If she had the chance to speak, of course she would use it to glide through the high standards set before her. As the daughter of a Queen famed for her wisdom, Annabeth had her work cut out for her. Luckily, she had just finished her extra credit. I usually aim to write 5,000-6,000 words a chapter, but I'm not sure if that's too little or too much so I'd loooove feedback on that. Otherwise, thank you for reading and make sure to review! C: