"You barely even got a good look at them, Drew," Thalia pointed out, "How do you know if they were even that cute, huh." Piper nodded in agreement from her place on the rug, braiding Silena's light brown hair in a long fishtail. "They could be ugly as hell." Piper said, causing Thalia to laugh a bit. "Oh I just know okay!" Drew snapped, "There were like seven of them right, Katie?" Katie looked up and bit her lip, "Um I think eight actually. Five black haired guys, two brownish, two blond. Yeah, eight." Drew purred to herself in happiness and Silena giggled. "Ooo I'm gonna catch myself a blooondie." Drew fanned herself more. Hazel wiggled from her perch on the corner of Annabeth's desk, tossing her curls back over her shoulder. "What if they don't even like us," She mumbled, nervously shifting more, "Aren't they from New York City? Rome Uni's over there I think." Thalia rolled her eyes from her chair. "Don't be nervous, Haz," She cracked open a Coke, "Soon you'll get yourself some boy to mack on." Thalia winked and Hazel burned up, causing everyone to laugh. Annabeth smiled softly as Hazel whined, "I haven't had a date since 8th grade so I doubt it!" "Pipes," Annabeth called Piper's attention, "Can you get those musicians on the list I sent you to confirm?" Piper nodded and scooted her iPad closer, Annabeth turning to Drew now. "And Drew, can you get two of your 'henchmen' for me? Or maybe four?" In a second, Drew flipped out her phone and dialed up some of her many henchmen. "Alright girls. In twenty, you all get down to the booth." Annabeth stacked her papers and stood up, "Take Thalia's Mustang. I'll meet you down after Drew's 'henchmen' are done doing all our manual labor." They all nodded and Annabeth strode out of the room. Heading to her room, she pulled off her T-shirt and replaced it with a well worn but extremely cute cut out grey tank top that hung lose and let her pretty black lace bra peek out from the sides and a bit from the top. It looked good with her jean shorts and was airy enough to let her breath in the heat. Before she knew it, the girls were piled in Thalia's red Mustang and drove off waving and laughing. Drew's 'henchmen' pulled up not much later and soon she stood on the front lawn with her hand propped up on her hip, ordering the boys to lean the sign from left to right, trying to center it. The exposed light bulbs of the reddish metal sign made it larger and heavier than any other they had but spelled a large Aε above the tall pillars of the front of their mansion and looked amazing. When turned on, no doubt it would look even better. The responsibility of making the sign look perfectly centered wrapped her mind up so much that she didn't sense the incoming danger until it was right behind her. She whirled around and jumped back to see a tall boy standing there. "Whoa there." He cocked a smug smirk and backed up a bit. She narrowed her eyes, spying the rest of his comrades playing around and watching from across the road. "Hey. Nice sign." He nodded at the sign and stuffed his hands in his khaki shorts. Involuntarily of course, Annabeth could feel her cheeks heating up as she took in his appearance. He was tall with messy black hair, creamy yet tan complexion and sharp jaw line and cheekbones. He faintly smelled like the ocean and his biceps glistened in his plain and torn white muscle shirt. Unfortunately, dark Ray-Bans covered his eyes and she realized he was the guy who took them off from before. She cleared her throat to snap herself out of it and brushed her long hair out of her face. "Thanks." She said tightly, eyes fluttering from his face to the side and back again. He smirked even wider. "Percy Jackson." He stuck out a hand. She glanced at it and reached out her own hand to shake it. "Annabeth," She said, gaining confidence, "Annabeth Chase." His eyebrows rose. "You guys are from New York City, huh?" She asked, eyes flashing defiantly, "Hope it won't take long for you to adjust yourselves up here." "Oh," He leaned back, "I'm sure we'll be just fine. You might even have a little competition, Chase. Party-wise. We Omegas go hard." Annabeth laughed again, a devious grin stretching across her lips. She dropped a hip, not noticing how his eyes followed from behind his dark shades. "We'll see about that, Jackson," She shook her head, "but we won't be easy to beat so don't get over-confident now." He reached up and pulled his Ray-Bans off and Annabeth had to hold herself from gasping at how piercingly gorgeous his sea green eyes were. They seemed like mini pieces of moonlit green ocean. "I wouldn't dare." He said smoothly, "After all, I was taught always to give petty opponents the benefit of the doubt." Her eyebrows shot up in surprise and she clenched her teeth. How rude. She stepped forward and jabbed a finger against his chest. "Watch it, Jackson." She narrowed her eyes at him, seeing how lightly he was taking this, "I never step down from a fight." That cocky smirk plastered itself right back onto his face again and he blew out of his nose in a tiny laugh. "I wouldn't expect you to." And with that, he pulled away and stalked back to his friends, leaving Annabeth standing there furious with an imprint of his stupid grin burned into her mind. Ugh! She growled and spun on her heel, storming into the house, The fucking nerve of that asshole! And from that moment, Annabeth Chase made a pledge to herself. She was going to take Percy Jackson down . Please review and share! C: Thank you!