that bowled into her, throwing her onto her back. " You can wait here," Nyx growled, though Reyna could no longer see her around the sparks and shadows obstructing her vision. "Try not to die—I want you to watch as I drain your friends' blood from their veins." No… Reyna thought weakly as silence suddenly fell cold and thick, the ivory glow from the goddess's gown vanishing in a flash. She wanted to get up and go after her, but her arms and legs felt as heavy as solid lead. Her skin tingled with growing numbness, though not enough to mask the wetness of the blood soaking uncomfortably quickly from the stab wound in her shoulder. She closed her eyes and tried to breathe evenly, praying to some god somewhere that this wasn't the end it felt so much like it should be. Leo and Nico would be fine. They would free Hypnos and escape. They would come back for her and they could all get somewhere safe. Nothing else was even possible. After the longest few seconds Reyna had ever experienced, she heard the vague and distant sound of a door being opened, and a muffled sort of shout that sounded vaguely like her name. Hurried footsteps followed, nearing her with every smack against the marble floor. "This isn't good," a voice muttered close by, and Reyna felt a brief wash of relief. It was Nico. With a low grown, she forced her eyelids open and tried to focus her blurred vision in the darkness. The first thing she saw was a pair of dark eyes staring down at her, obvious worry and fear swirling in them like restless shadows. But hidden behind that was an angry, glowing fire—a warmth that helped push some of Reyna's pain from her consciousness. If she could smile, she would have. Even in times like this, Leo had that effect on her. "Hypnos…" she inquired weakly. "We found him," Leo said at once, some of the fear in his eyes seeming to wane at hearing her voice. "He's free—he's gone." Reyna breathed out shortly, glad for some good news. She didn't know what she would have done had they not succeeded. "Nyx…?" "—is coming!" Nico hissed. "We've got to do something. Should we fight or run?" Run! Reyna wanted to say. We can't fight her. Let's get out while we can. But she'd used up her available energy, so she was unfortunately silent as Leo answered, "If we run now, she'll go after Hypnos again. No, we've gotta beat her here and now. Otherwise all this will be for nothing." "But…" Nico argued weakly. Reyna wished he'd come up with a better response than that. She appreciated Leo's bravado, but the best way to ensure that they all survived would be to leave immediately. What was left of her blood seemed to run cold, though, when the next thing Leo said was, "Alright, you take Reyna. Get her somewhere safe and get help." "What?" Nico demanded. "No, you're right. We have to stop Nyx now—" "I know. I'll do it." "If you think I'm leaving you here—" "It Reyna stays much longer, she'll die. As you can probably imagine, I would really like to prevent that from happening." It was a nice sentiment, really. And as grateful as Reyna was, she was also intensely irritated. She knew firsthand how difficult it was to fight Nyx—to gain any ground against her at all. Sure, Leo had a few more tricks at his disposal than an Imperial gold sword. But the fact of the matter was that dueling her alone would be just as dangerous for him as it was for her. And his getting himself killed was the last thing she wanted right after realizing what he meant to her. "There's no arguing with this, is there?" Nico grumbled in defeat. "Nope. The Supreme Commander has decided. So go on, Walking Dead. Get going!" Reyna could tell by his voice and expression that Leo was trying desperately to lighten the otherwise extremely black mood—his signature, it seemed. And as much as she wanted to change his mind, she knew it was impossible, probably even if she did have complete command of her vocal cord. "I'm coming back for you as soon as I can," Nico said, his voice a frustrated growl. "Don't do anything stupid." "Wouldn't dream of it." Somehow, Leo was able to grin in a way that looked so natural that it almost relieved Reyna's worry. Almost. As a pair of hands which Reyna assumed must have belonged to Nico slid under her arms and lifted her aching shoulders from the floor, she locked eyes with Leo and tried some form of telepathic communication—to let him know that she cared too much to lose him now. When the message didn't seem to go through, she opened her mouth and forced out, "Don't… die." Again, kind of a stupid thing to say. But somehow it served the purpose of conveying exactly what she wanted it to, because Leo smiled in an oddly vulnerable sort of way and responded quietly, "You either." His eyes were the last thing Reyna saw before the darkness latched onto her like a lasso, and her consciousness slipped away into a weary, restless sleep. Man, it's been too long since I've written a good swordfight, what with my focus on my Bloodlust saga. This was really fun :D Let's do it again sometime, haha. So, I want this to be a combination of my own ideas plus any ideas from you guys. Please, please feel free to sumbit requests via review or PM. Maybe there's something you thought I didn't answer well enough, or a certain scene you wanted to see from someone else's point of view, or maybe something that could potentially happen after the end of the series. I think it'll be fun to involve everybody! Thanks as always everybody! How 'bout a review? Later days! -oMM