might be long gone by the time I found my friends. I knew monsters. I could handle this myself I took Riptide out of my pocket and ran after Dr. Thorn. Chiron sighed at Percy's thoughts and actions. Maybe if he had shown Percy how to manipulate the mist when he taught Thalia then things would have been different. He might not have gone after the Di Angelos' by himself. But then again if he hadn't they might not have gotten there in time to save the two siblings. The door led into a dark hallway. I heard sounds of scuffling up ahead, then a painful grunt. I uncapped Riptide. The pen grew in my hands until I held a bronze Greek sword about three feet long with a leather-bound grip. The blade glowed faintly, casting a golden light on the rows of lockers. I jogged down the corridor, but when I got to the other end, no one was there. I opened a door and found myself back in the main entry hall. I was completely turned around. I didn't see Dr. Thorn anywhere, but there on the opposite side of the room were the di Angelo kids. They stood frozen in horror, staring right at me. "Why? Were you having a really bad hair day?" Leo joked trying to loosen the tension. Percy snorted in reply. "Yeah, Definitly. That's why Nico and Bianca were terrified of me." I advanced slowly, lowering the tip of my sword. "It's okay. I'm not going to hurt you. " They didn't answer. Their eyes were full of fear. What was wrong with them? Where was Dr. Thorn? Maybe he'd sensed the presence of Riptide and retreated. Monsters hated celestial bronze weapons. "I only wish he had." Percy sighed. Grover, Thalia, and Annabeth nodded their agreement. "My name's Percy, " I said, trying to keep my voice level. "I'm going to take you out of here, get you somewhere safe. " Bianca's eyes widened. Her fists clenched. Only too late did I realize what her look meant. She wasn't afraid of me. She was trying to warn me. "You mean it wasn't because you were having a bad hair day?" Leo replied with a twinkle of humor in his eyes. "Nope, me and my hair were perfect that day." Percy said with a flair of dramatics. "Even with the monster fighting that happened later." I whirled around and something went WHI1ISH! Pain exploded in my shoulder. A force like a huge hand yanked me backward and slammed me to the wall. I slashed with my sword but there was nothing to hit. A cold laugh echoed through the hall. "Yes, Perseus Jackson" Dr. Thorn said. His accent mangled the J in my last name. "I know who you are. " I tried to free my shoulder. My coat and shirt were pinned to the wall by some kind of spike-a black dagger-like projectile about a foot long. It had grazed the skin of my shoulder as it passed through my clothes, and the cut burned. I'd felt something like this before. Poison. Tyson looked concerned. "You were poisoned brother!?" "I'm alright now Tyson." Percy reassured him. "I'm all healed up now." "You are sure?" "Yes, I'm fine now." The young Cyclops nodded. He seemed to find this an acceptable answer. Will frowned worriedly. He glanced at Percy and then Annabeth. He remembered the note that appeared in the dining pavilion in the sacrificial flames. That was when they had learned of Percy and Annabeth's terrible fate. Luckily it seemed the two of them were alright, at least on the outside. But as a healer he knew that some scars ran deeper. Some of them were emotion. After going through hell, literally, he wouldn't be surprised to hear that they were having nightmares. I forced myself to concentrate. I would not pass out. A dark silhouette now moved toward us. Dr. Thorn stepped into the dim light. He still looked human, but his face was ghoulish. He had perfect white teeth and his brown/blue eyes reflected the light of my sword. "Thank you for coming out of the gym, " he said. "I hate middle school dances." I tried to swing my sword again, but he was just out of reach. WHIIIISH! A second projectile shot from somewhere behind Dr. Thorn. He didn't appear to move. It was as if someone invisible were standing behind him, throwing knives. "Annabeth?" Reyna guessed looking at said girl. She nodded in response. Next to me, Bianca yelped. The second thorn impaled itself in the stone wall, half an inch from her face. "All three of you will come with me, " Dr. Thorn said. "Quietly. Obediently. If you make a single noise, if you call out for help or try to fight, I will show you just how accurately I can throw. " "That's the end of the first chapter." Leo replied. He gave the book to Luke who turned the page and began to read nervously. Authors notes: So here's the beginning of Integrity. They'll be reading the third book in this one. I hope that you all enjoy reading this fanfiction just like the first two. Also I have no idea if Bianca knew about Nico's crush on Percy, or his sexual orientation. I'm assuming that she doesn't and I'll have her find out with the rest of them. Since Nico was very reluctant to tell anyone about it I don't think he would have told Bianca. Considering what time they were from he might have though she would hate him for it. Which she won't don't worry. And WillXNico will appear in this fanfiction. So if you are opposed to this paring or just their sexual orientation in general. I suggest you either ignore it. I'm sticking to what the books say and Uncle Rick writes that Nico develops a Crush on the Son of Apollo so... that's going to be in here eventually.