"Fine then," He snapped at her. "But when Kronos takes over my body, both you and I will regret it." Annabeth looked like she wanted to say something more, but Luke had already slammed her door, and was on his way out. Some family he had. Luke knew deep down inside that most of this was his fault, not Annabeth's. He had nowhere to go, no one to turn to. Luke Castellan was stuck. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- " The Styx, boy." Kronos growled in his head. "You already went for your mother's blessing. It's time." "So I'm supposed to help you possess me by bathing in the Styx." Luke summed up. "I told you already!" Kronos growled in exasperation. "You will be immortal and the Olympians will fall once and for all!" Luke knew he would regret this later. He dived into the River Styx, thinking of a spot of small skin under his left arm. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- Luke was going to plan an invasion into the Camp, through the Labyrinth entrance. He was using, and has been using before, his spy, Silena Beauregard to get information, and Ethan Nakamura's help. He had the string. It was the first step to the downfall of Olympus. Before his plan could carry out, time caught up to him. His own body was taken away from him. Luke wasn't Luke anymore. He was Kronos now. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- " I'm done with you." She snarled. Luke, no, Kronos was looking into the angry face of one Silena Beauregard. She appeared to have been crying, but it didn't make the death glare on her face any less scarier. "You promised you wouldn't hurt Charlie. You lied to me. He's dead." Silena said. "How was I supposed to know he was going to go on that death mission?" He spat. "It's not only that. Luke. The Camp trusted you. I trusted you. Lives were lost in the invasion last year. Hell, Annabeth still trusts you. Now...it's like no one knows you anymore." Silena said sadly. "Maybe it is the other way around." He said sharply. "You are still saving lives." "Take your stupid scythe charm," Silena spat at him. "Listen," He said to her. "I can tell the entire Camp what you have done. I can tell them all you're the spy." Silena's eyes grew wide. "You wouldn't." He smirked. "I expect another report soon, Silena." -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- Luke was still fighting him. Kronos had taken over his system; his body completely. But Luke was still fighting. He had realized by now what he'd done. It was too late. "Luke," Annabeth said. "You need to trust me." I do trust you, he had wanted to say. Instead, Kronos roared, "Luke Castellan is dead! His body will burn away once I assume my true form!" "Your mother saw your fate," Annabeth persisted. "Service to Kronos is my fate!" The Titan roared. "That's not the end, Luke. The prophecy: she saw what you would do. It applies to you!" Annabeth pleaded. "I will crush you child!" Kronos roared. No. Luke HAD to stop this from happening. Annabeth HAD to live and if Kronos assumed his true form, game over. Kronos' promise was broken. Hell, his OWN promise was broken. "You said we were a family." Annabeth said. "You promised." "LIES!" Kronos pushed her weapon and her face was bleeding. "Family, Luke." She said. "You promised." Luke had to speak to her. He didn't know how. Luke fought against Kronos as hard as he could, and managed to get out, "Annabeth...you're bleeding..." "Jackson," Kronos's voice growled. His body was turning gold. This is the end. Kronos wouldn't need his body any longer. Then, it hit Luke. He was the hero. He had to take the dagger, stab himself, and stop Kronos from arising and killing them all. "He's changing," Luke managed to get out. "He won't need my body anymore. Please—" "NO!" Kronos bellowed. He couldn't arise. "Hero..." Annabeth croaked. "Cursed blade..." "Please," He groaned. "No time." He took the dagger from Jackson and stabbed himself in the spot under his left arm. He howled in pain as a forceful aura surrounded him. Kronos was there no more. "Good...blade." He croaked. He had realized what he had done now. He had regretted everything. But it was too late now. He was dying. "You knew," He said to Annabeth. "I almost killed you...but you knew..." "Shh..." Her voice trembled. "You were a hero at the end. You'll go to Elysium." Would he? He thought. "Think...rebirth." He coughed. "Three times, Isles of the Blest." "You always pushed yourself too hard," Annabeth sniffed. "Did you..." He coughed. "Did you love me?" "There was a time when I thought..." She gazed at Jackson. She was in love with him and he knew it. Luke wished the two of them happiness and luck in the future. "You were like a brother to me, Luke. But I didn't love you." He coughed loudly. "We can get ambrosia," Grover spoke up. "We can—" Luke cut him off. "Grover, you are the bravest satyr I have ever known, but there's no healing..." Luke grabbed Jackson's arm. "All the unclaimed, Ethan, me. Don't let it happen again." "I won't," He said. "I promise." Luke nodded, thinking of his family, and the simpler times. When it was just him, Thalia, and Annabeth on the run. His hand went slack and he closed his eyes for the very last time. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- " Castellan, Luke." Minos called, pulling out a folder. "Hmm." He said, looking at Luke's file. "Your life was pretty interesting. It could warrant Fields of Punishment, or Elysium." He looked at the other judges, "What do you think?" "He was wrongfully misguided," Jefferson said. "In the end he was a hero. I sentence him to Elysium." And so Luke's spirit forever in Elysium, guarding the ones he loved. -0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0- A/N: What did you think of it? Was it any good? Please leave your thoughts in a review, they make me happy! :) -Ana