could see you again, though." Words that sent the butterflies in his stomach into a frenzy. He coughed and covered his mouth in an attempt to hide the smile that was threatening to stretch from ear to ear. His cheeks hurt. "…That wouldn't be so bad, I guess." "Your enthusiasm is overwhelming." The reply was sarcastic, but Will was beaming. "Lend me your phone." Nico unlocked his phone and handed it over. "Nice," Will remarked as he looked at Nico's phone case. "This case—it's Mythomagic-inspired, right?" "You know of it?" Nico asked, then he almost facepalmed because duh. "I used to play it when I was a kid." Will was holding his own phone in his other hand and was typing something on both phones at the same time. Nico noticed that the case was designed with the glow of a sunrise, which he couldn't help but think was fitting. "I still play it." Half a second later, he felt his face burn. What was it about this person that had him voluntarily blurting unwarranted information? "Sometimes." Will grinned at him before handing him back his phone. Across the screen was a new contact page for someone named 'Will :)' and he read the number a few times, trying to commit it to his memory. Then, "That's cute." Nico's head snapped up. His eyes widened with the motion. "What is?" "The Mythomagic thing." He had to look away. The ceiling was suddenly a thousand times more interesting. Why did Will have to stay stuff like that? Nico needed a break. Except he wasn't quite sure if he wanted one. This isn't happening. "Hey, Nico." "Yes, Solace?" Will was smiling. Again. Nico could tell. He didn't know how but he could tell, and how could one person smile so much anyway? "We should play Mythomagic sometime." Did he just…? Nico wondered if he was being polite, then decided that he wasn't. Will seemed far too genuine. His heart was in his throat, beating harshly like he had just run a marathon or two, or swam across the Pacific ocean, and he wasn't quite sure what to do because—and here he allowed himself to be honest, just for a moment—what Will did to him was dangerous and it kind of scared him. He had spent majority of his life running away from the things that scared him. Somehow, he always came back to the things that mattered. It was like Percy, and how Nico used to gravitate towards him even when it hurt so much. Only this wasn't Percy. This was Will. Then he realized just what he was thinking about and admitting to himself, and inwardly groaned. He was overreacting. For all he knew, Will might not even be gay, and his offer was but a friendly gesture. Nico was getting ahead of himself, and God, he had to stop thinking or he would end up landing himself in a mental hospital. "I haven't played in months. My skills are rusty." Will was ready. "I haven't played in years. If there's anyone who should be embarrassed, it's me." "Don't be," Nico hastened to assure. "Embarrassed, I mean." The blonde looked cautiously hopeful and smug at the same time. "So, does that mean you'll play with me?" Stop thinking. "Maybe. Probably." "Is that so?" "Yeah." Nico pushed himself off the floor, not bothering to go through the customary motions of brushing off imaginary dust from one's jeans afterward. "You should go back downstairs." There was a note of alarm in Will's tone when he said, "Why?" and Nico inwardly cursed at himself because of how he must have sounded. "I'm going back to my room. I feel sleepy." It was initially said as an excuse, but as Nico thought about it, he realized that it was true. Perhaps it was the stress of being exposed to the wild college party aura, or the surprising comfort of hanging out with his friends. Or maybe it was the shock that came with seeing Will again. The entire thing felt like a second chance. One that he wasn't supposed to waste. Whatever the reason was, his muscles were heavy and his eyelids were droopy and he was sleepy . He was also tired—he was always tired—but this was a different kind of tired that he had felt only a few times ever since his family moved out of Venice. It was a good kind of tired. The kind of tired that a hero probably felt after another long day of saving the world, or the kind that a mother felt after giving birth to her long-awaited child, or the kind that a certain cranky college student might feel after a few hours of being subjected to emotional strain that he probably shouldn't be feeling, but he felt it anyway, and he didn't really mind as much as he made himself out to. "Oh." There was disappointment packed into that single word. Disappointment that Nico was both glad and not glad to hear. "Yeah…" Nico gulped. "I really want to sleep right now.." Stop thinking . "We can negotiate about the Mythomagic thing tomorrow." There it was again; that hopeful gleam. "Oh?" He rolled his eyes. "Please say something other than 'Oh.' Tonal variations do not count." Will laughed, and it was bright and warm like all his other laughs, but there was something special about that one and it made Nico smile again. "Well, okay. That would be great, actually." The blonde stood up, too. Nico watched as he did the customary motions of brushing imaginary dust off his jeans. "See you tomorrow, Will." He was tucked under two layers of blankets when his phone buzzed against his hipbone. A little groggily, he picked it up, but all traces of annoyance faded from his features when he saw the message, and he felt warmer than he had in a long, long time. From: Will :) Message: good night :D Nico smiled and closed his eyes.