"Well Jason, I'd say they've made up." Jason just nods, his mouth still flapping open. Michelle quietly disentangles herself from Leo, and gently closes Jason's mouth. Jason grimaced his thanks as Michelle walked back over and placed herself back in Leo's arms. "Boys?" Michelle prodded, knowing the two were going to scold them. Percy just smiles and shakes his head, "Just don't break her again…Grease Monkey." he mocks. Leo smirks, "Whatever you say Kelp Head." he remarks. Jason still can't respond, he's that shocked. He does manage to shakily point at Michelle and say, "But…" then point to Leo and say, "I-I thought…" Percy just rolls his eyes and jerks Jason off by the arm, "I'll explain once the shock has worn off, Grace." he says. Michelle turns herself back to Leo, "Now, where were we?" she asks. "I think it was something like this." he pulls her to him, placing her hands gently behind his head, pulling her up onto his toes. He leans his forehead to hers, "I love you Michelle Kelley." "I love you, too, Leo Valdez. Now shut up an-" He cut her off by pressing his mouth firmly to hers. Leo was still pacing. It'd been another half-hour and he didn't know how much longer he could wait. The Hypnos boy pulled his hand from Michelle's forehead, where it had been resting since he'd last spoke. He shook himself all over. "Well THERE'S one thing I never wanted to see." he shivers, then pulls himself together, the only thing that had kept him awake for so long was because he basically fell asleep every time he placed his hand back on Michelle's forehead. Annabeth and Percy had gone off for the lunch bell. Nik was the only one who refused to leave besides the sleeping Hypnos boy and Leo, who'd also refused to leave her. Speaking of the sleeping Hypnos boy, he stretched and yawned before explaining what was left for Michelle. "Well, I sense the final fight scene, perhaps another make-ou- I mean, make-up scene, and then you can kiss her awake." Leo nodded, Jason came in then. "C'mon dude, you haven't eaten all day, I know Michelle likes you as scrawny as you are, but I think she'd be pretty mad if we didn't make sure you were fed." Leo crossed his arms over his chest. "I'm not leaving this room." Jason smirks, "I kinda figured, so I brought you and Nikki here a couple of magical plates and cups." he walks into the cabin and hands each a plate and cup. Nik's plate immediately fills with shrimp, and her cup fills with some dark brown, syrupy liquid Leo could only identify as Coca-Cola. Non-diet, as she doesn't want to discredit Mr. D's favored drink. Leo's plate whips up a hamburger and fries, while his cup fills with Cherry Pepsi. Michelle liked Pepsi, so he figured he owed it to her. While they eat, Michelle's final dream is wrapping up. Michelle couldn't remember why they were fighting again. "I'm sorry." she said, still having no memory of their previous fight. "So am I." Leo responds, pulling the shorter brunette to him with a smirk. Michelle matches his smirk and places a gentle, soft kiss on Leo's mouth. He holds her there, and the sweet and gentle kiss slowly escalates into a need, as if her very last breaths of oxygen were in that boy. Several minutes later the couple pull apart, panting. "Leo…" Michelle wheezes. "Yeah?" he asks, almost as out of breath as she. "I love you." "I love you too." After gaining back her breath, Michelle places one last kiss on Leo's temple, before pulling herself from him completely. She felt sweaty, and sticky, and in major need of a shower. She noticed sweat glistening on Leo's forehead, and lets out a puff of ice breath, to cool them. Leo had finished his lunch, and was now awaiting the pressing doom of whether Michelle would awaken or not. He popped a few breath mints as Clovis pulled his hand from Michelle's forehead for the final time. "She's done, you have two minutes before the scenes loop again. For now, she's in the dark." The boy stands up and stumbles to the door, almost falling asleep twice before reaching his own cabin. Leo takes a deep breath as he steps up to Michelle's bed. "I'm sorry this happened to you, Angel." he said, before pressing his mouth firmly to hers. All of the anxiety of the previous few hours erupts in all the passion and heartache he'd been holding in all day. Leo puts every last drop of emotion in himself into the kiss that will awaken the girl of his dreams. When he has to catch his breath, he pulls his face merely centimeters from hers. " Will she awaken?" Michelle's eyes shoot open and gaze into familiar deep brown ones. Her hands immediately grab for his face, pulling it to hers again. "I knew you'd save me Grease Monkey." she breathes before pulling his mouth to hers again. Now it was her turn to return all the passion in every molecule in her body. When they pull apart shortly after, Percy and Annabeth had returned to see them. Nik is calmly avoiding Michelle's eyes. And Leo's gazing at her so lovingly that she wants to kiss him again, but she restrains herself, and instead, has him help her stand, and sit on the ground. Nik passes Michelle a cup of water, which she downs vigorously, before stating, "What'd I miss?" Leo smirks and puts an arm around her shoulders, kissing her temple. "That's a story for another time." he says calmly. There's a long, loud growl from Michelle's stomach. "I'm starving, apparently." she states, as if still in a dreamy state. Everyone laughs nervously as Nik passes her twin a plate. A pile of shrimp appears and she smiles, "Even when I don't know what I want, the plate does."