there's a lot of blood and a bullet lodged too deep, deep deep deep in Jason's chest and it's Bianca all over again- he's bleeding bleeding bleeding out in front of him and he can't breathe. "Shit, Jason, shit," is all he can say, over and over again like a broken record. He pushes down on the wound as hard as he can like he's seen on TV shows and that's how it works, right? Pressure? He just knows he has to stop the bleeding and where the hell is Piper? Jason's breath is ragged and his heart is beating too fast and his eyes are unfocused. "Shit," Nico murmurs for the thousandth time, one hand coming up to brush lightly along the older boy's cheek because he's too afraid something else will happen if he touches too much or lets go. And then Piper's bursting through the door like a goddamn knight in shining armor, dragging a blond stranger ("Will," is what he says his name is but Nico's not really listening) behind her, who must be some sort of angel because the bullet's on the floor and Jason is stitched up and drowsy from painkillers before Nico can get his heart rate back down. Piper is a solid presence by his side and she's shaking just as badly as he is— and he doesn't say anything when she wraps her arm around his and they shake together, hopeful and terrified because their anchor is half-dead and beautiful lying before them and they have nothing else to cling to. Nico doesn't let go of her until Jason wakes up a day and a half later. He doesn't let go of Jason either. He's tied down now and all he can be is grateful that they're all alive. -:- So they're a lot more careful now. They stick to small stores or gas stations, and they don't take too much, they don't take enough or make a big enough disturbance to catch the media's attention, and they never hit the same place twice. It takes Jason a while to heal and they stay in that little hotel until he does- Nico doesn't leave his side until he's basically dragged into the bathroom and told to take a shower and relax for a moment, though Piper's just as bad. They watch an unhealthy amount of TV in that little hotel room; they tell stories until Jason falls asleep. Nico tells them about Bianca. He tells them about her smile and eyes and how she'd ruffle his hair and humor him and his childish games. He tells them about his mother, her dark hair that tickled his face when she hugged him, about the way she would sing to him when he couldn't sleep. He tells them about his father, about his harsh features and how drastically he changed after their mother died. He tells them about Percy Jackson and how he ruined his life for a little while. He tells them about almost dying and he tells them about sailing across the ocean from Italy to America. He tells them about being terrified of himself and how he's never felt more loved and safe and happy than he does right now, with them. His stories are all over the place and broken and he cries during a few of them and he's pretty sure this was not supposed to turn into 'all about Nico' time, but they listen and they hold him and they kiss him and they love him. And for the first time in a long time, he lets himself take something he wants instead of needs. He lets himself relax, and take the people wrapped around him as they are. -:- Nico takes so many pictures it fills up the camera- pictures of Jason and Piper and the ocean and the weird food and the old buildings, and he lets them take pictures too, pictures of him and of funny signs and odd people. Hazel is overjoyed; she flips through the camera with a smile that fills Nico with warmth. She takes one look at the three of them sitting so close together and says, "If you hurt Nico, you won't die quickly," she then smiles at their expressions and adds, "I'm happy for you, big brother." -:- Nico gets little jobs here and there as they wander. It's a little safer than pulling hoods over their faces and waving around a fake gun. That's not to say they drop their habits completely. Nico takes walks sometimes and returns with a little too much cash and other weird things people keep in their pockets. He finds a coupon for a water park in Washington once. He's not ashamed to say they drove all the way there. It was definitely worth it. -:- (He's still not sure exactly what they are, relationship-wise. But he's loved and he loves and he guesses that's probably all he really needs to know). -:- New York City is a very crowded place. It's bustling with people and life and busy busy business men, endless swarms shuffling through the city and up and down the sidewalks and somehow managing to live packed so close together it's almost suffocating. And while Nico doesn't particularly like people or crowds, he loves it here, loves walking up and down the streets with a hand in the hand of a tall guy with a too-bright smile or a girl with kaleidoscope eyes, loves visiting the dirty old alley 'where it all began,' Piper jokes. He loves laughing with the two people that he loves as they run with everything they have. Piper likes to steal and Jason likes to fly and Nico- Nico likes to drive, likes to laugh and to run and to take pictures and wake up sandwiched in the middle of two very asleep teenagers. Piper likes to steal and Jason likes to fly and Nico likes to feel like he belongs. And he belongs.