then dove on top of him, pushing him underwater. Unfortunately, he grabbed my leg, pulling me underwater with him. We both came up again and grabbed his board. I turned to face him, and realized with a start that our faces were inches apart. I wanted nothing more than to kiss those lips... no, Annabeth! You just met the guy! "Surfing lessons," he said awkwardly. "Right. Surfing lessons," I repeated. "Now, when you see a good wave..." AFTER SURFING LESSONS After a while, I got the hang of it. Well... I never actually caught a wave... but Percy caught me once, and I swear I blushed so hard that Micky Mouse's pants would have a fit. I groaned, as my back muscles were a little sore from paddling so much- and FYI, I was in shape, but that was an awkward motion for me, and it'll take some getting used to. "Nice job, Wise Girl," Percy said. "Nice job? I didn't even catch a wave once!" I exclaimed. "Well... you stood up once," he said. "And then I fell," I added. "Yup," he said, popping the 'P.' We strolled back to the beach to find Jason and Piper well... kissing, Leo getting rejected by some islander, and Frank having an argument with Hazel and Thalia. I didn't see Nico anywhere. "Wanna go inside?" he asked. "Yeah, sure," I replied. We strolled into the beach house. I yawned. "The party's in a couple hours," Percy said. "Want anything to drink?" "Water, if you have it," I said. "I can do better than water!" Percy exclaimed. A minute later, I was holding a glass of blue water. "Why blue?" I asked. He grinned. "Well, when my mom was married to my step-dad, Gabe, he told her that blue foods didn't exist. As an act of rebellion, she went out of her way to make every food blue- waffles, spaghetti, cookies... now everything I eat or drink must be blue or I will not accept it." "That's a little picky," I said. He shrugged. "What can I say? I guess I'm a picky kind of guy." I rolled my eyes as Thalia, Hazel, and Frank walked through the door. "Ooooh! Percy and Annabeth alone after their 'wrestling match,'" Thalia said, wriggling her eyebrows. "Pervert," I muttered. "You were watching us?!" Percy asked in horror. Thalia grinned. "I'm just a stalker like that." "No kidding," I said. "Enough stalker-talk!" Frank exclaimed. Hazel facepalmed. "Oh, Frank." "Oh, what?" Frank asked. "Like I said, oh, Frank." Frank shook his head in a confused gesture while Percy and I sipped on our blue drinks. "I see Kelp Face over here has introduced you to the world of blue foods," Thalia said. "Drinks," Percy corrected. "Blue foods'll come later." Thalia rolled her eyes. "Big difference." "It is a very big difference!" Percy protested. "Does this really matter?" Hazel asked. "Yes. Yes it does," Percy said. "We'll never survive!" she exclaimed in a sarcastic tone. "Thalia has mixed up food and drinks! What will we ever do?!" Percy glared at her. AT THE BONFIRE "Oh come on, you know you want to," the boy said. This same guy had been asking me on a date for the last twenty minutes- Dylan, I think? I guess he wasn't used to hearing the word 'no' and kept pestering me. At first, I had turned him down politely, but I'm seriously considering kicking him where it hurts. "No. I don't. Go away before I make sure you hurt badly," I said. "Oh come on, just onc-" I kicked him right in the place where men do not want to be kicked. "Ouch!" he croaked. "What was that for?!" "That was for not taking 'no' for an answer. I think you'll happily enjoy hearing NO! I WILL NOT GO ON A GOD DAMN DATE WITH YOU!" He stumbled away, no doubt to ask some other girl out. "May I have this dance?" a voice asked in a British accent from behind me. I spun around to find Percy, his hand extended in a 'gentleman' gesture. "Percy, you know we're not slow-dancing, right?" I asked. He rolled his eyes, like this was obvious. (which it was) "Do you want to dance or not?!" "Alright, fine," I said. "You don't sound excited!" he exclaimed. "We'll dance as soon as you sound excited." "Fine. Let's dance, Percy!" I exclaimed, grabbing his hand and pulling him closer to the bonfire. We danced a good three songs before I excused myself to get a drink. "-go swimming, Pipes," Jason said, pulling Piper past me. "Jason, are you crazy?! There are sharks at this time of night! Who knows-" That was all I heard because they were out of earshot. I grabbed a Sprite out of the ice chest and cracked it open. Only then did I realize how tired I was. 'I better find Thalia,' I thought. I wove my way through the throng of people and finally ran into Thalia who was making small talk with Nico. "I'm going home, Thalia," I said. "Why?" she inquired. "Tired," I said. "Let me come with you!" she insisted. "No, stay if you want," I tried. "I'm coming with you!" she exclaimed. Thalia could be as stubborn as a ten ton rock some times. "Fine," I relented. "Good," she said with a triumphant smile. We strolled off into the darkness and, before long, we reached the beach house. "G'night, Annie," she said, opening the door to her room. I was too tired to yell at her for calling me Annie. I would blame my exhaustion on jet lag, but Ogygia and Long Island were in the same time zones. Just blame it on the long day. "G'night, Thals." I opened the door to my room and hit the bed. I fell asleep nearly as soon as I pulled the covers over myself. So? What did you think? You can tell me exactly what you thought in the review section. -Me