on my bed, and only then did I remember the gift that my dad had given me before I got here. I pulled the leather pouch out of my pocket, and noticed that it had a belt. Without thinking, I strapped it around my waist and opened the pouch. The first thing I pulled out was a note. It read: Dear CJ, I've always known you would be something special, so I convinced your father to get you this. It might help you: if you ever get a quest or something. It was made by Leo Valdez himself with a slight addition by Hecate. I hope you like it! Love, Mom. I didn't know who Leo Valdez was, but that wasn't what had surprised me about the note. What surprised me was that it was from my mom. She hadn't left me anything before she was deployed. Missing, not killed. Missing. I suddenly was not in a good mood, but nevertheless, I reached in the pouch and pulled out something else: a knife. I almost let out a startled squeak. The knife was bronze, but it was slightly illuminated. The knife was well-balanced, and I guessed it was meant for throwing. I shoved the knife back into it's pouch and closed it. "What was that?" the girl I had spoken to earlier asked me. I realized with a start that I didn't even know the girl's name. "First tell me your name." "Alexandra Vitale, but most people call me Alex," she said, "now what is that?" I had the sudden urge to roll my eyes. "Apo- erm... I mean dad gave it to me." "A gift from dad?" she asked, the eagerness obvious in her voice. "What'd he give you?" "A knife," I said, leaving out the note as it felt kind of personal. "Said it was made by some guy named Leo Valdez." Her eyes widened. "Woah..." "Yeah," I said, trying not to let the fact that it left her speechless go to my head. "That's cool," she said. "Dad never got me anything." I was wrestling with the idea of telling her about the note to boost her spirits. "Well," I began, "my mom convinced him." "Can I see the knife?" she asked. I handed it to her. Alex studied the knife intently. "It's very light- a throwing knife, I presume?" "I think so," I said. Her forehead creased as she studied the knife. "That's strange. I've never seen a child of Apollo with a throwing knife. A bow, yes, but a throwing knife?" "Maybe it has something to do with accuracy, like a bow and arrow uses-" "Hush now, I'm on a roll," she said, pretending (or at least I think she was pretending) to be deep in thought. "Oh come on, it's really not that-" She snapped her fingers. "I've got it! Since skill with a bow requires accuracy, maybe us children of Apollo have accuracy with throwing knives, too!" "Genius," I muttered, "absolutely genius." She grinned at me. "Here, see that target on the wall?" I looked over and nodded. "See if you can hit it." Taking the knife from her open palm, I aimed and threw. The knife impaled itself a little less than two inches from the bullseye. Alex whistled in appreciation. "First time throwing?" I nodded. "With some practice, you may be able to- OH MY GODS!" I turned just in time to see the knife disappear in a flash of golden light. "Wait... where'd my knife go?" I asked (quite stupidly), desperate to get the only tie I have left to my mother. I felt strange warmth wear my hand was resting next to the pouch that originally contained the knife. "No way..." Alex said softly as the other Apollo campers crowded around. I opened the pouch and found the knife. "Now that's awesome!" one of the guys yelled. Amanda, the other girl I had met, stared at it quizzically. "I wonder how that works," she said. So that's how the rest of my night went. Each camper got his or her turn throwing the knife at the wall, and finally, I fell into a deep sleep. Well... not exactly a deep sleep. I had (since I was about fourteen) been having strange dreams, and tonight was no exception. "It was stolen!" a strange, demon lady with glowing eyes hissed. Another one, similar to her, said, "If Hades finds out-" "Hades can't find out!" the first one exclaimed. "Alecto, surely we can... get it back!" The third demon lady (presumably Alecto) scratched her chin thoughtfully. "Who would've taken it?" "Another escaped spirit?" the second suggested. "We must alert security immedia-" "Are you crazy?" the original hissed. "The lord of the dead will surely have our heads, Megaera!" "No, we must find this ourselves," said Alecto. "A hero could help us," Megaera suggested. "Yessssss," the first one hissed. "We could appoint a hero." Alecto narrowed her eyes. "Okay, but we tell no one about it except for the hero we appoint to go after it. Swear on the River Styx." They each swore on the "River Styx." "It is done," Alecto said, and suddenly my dream shifted. Now I was staring at a hooded figure, sprinting through the darkness. He was carrying a small pouch- maybe what three demon ladies were looking for? I woke up in a cold sweat. Light was streaming through the window, but no one else was awake. Only minutes later, one person woke up, then another, then another and soon, everyone was up. As the others began walking out the door for breakfast, I followed them to start my first official day at Camp Half-Blood. So? What'd you think! I'm sorry if I didn't depict you character the way you imagined, or the way you wanted. If I didn't, just PM me and I'll try to do a better job in the future. Review, tell me if you liked it or hated it! Until next time. -Meh