and says: it's been a long time since i've ridden my chariot. . viii. who is the third who walks always beside you? you see her everywhere. in crowds and in shadows and in dreams. sometimes, you think you hear her voice, catch her eye, see a glimpse of her smile, but she is always gone when you turn around. she is dead, and she is gone, and the ghost was a liar so she's never coming back. but still she is everywhere, and you don't know if you want her to go away or cling to her and beg her not to. . ix. i carry your heart (i carry it in my heart) jason kisses you on the floor of his cabin in the middle of the night in the middle of the summer after the war. you are all bony and awkward and very obviously inexperienced, and he is very obviously not, and he puts a hand on your cheek to guide you through it and runs his other hand through the hair on the back of your head. his fingers get tangled in one of the knots because you haven't brushed your hair in a while; he pulls back and gives an embarrassed little laugh. you stare at him, wide eyed and flushed and vaguely overwhelmed, and say what the hell was that? he scratches the back of his neck the way he does when he's nervous, and says i mean—well—it was a kiss? you blink and say why? he blinks and says because i wanted to? because i've wanted to for a really long time and the mood seemed kinda right and also it's really late and i have zero impulse control right now, and. well you just looked really nice when you smile and i kinda just went for it? he looks at you where you are sitting, frozen and processing, and quickly adds but we don't have to—i mean if you don't—if you weren't feeling it we can just pretend it never happened? because i really don't wanna make you uncomfortable and i'm super sorry if i did i shoulda thought this through i'm— you cut him off, clapping a hand over his mouth to get him to shut up before he apologizes again. you swallow, and your hands are shaky, and you look him in the eye ands ask are you being serious right now? this isn't a joke? he nods—and then shakes his head quickly at the second question— of course it's not a joke, you know he tries to say from under your hand, even if it comes out all muffled. you. you pause. really? i don't—i don't understand—this is real? this is really happening? you're serious? and you feel a little pathetic, sitting on the floor and asking this beautiful boy with the sky in his eyes if he could somehow actually want to kiss you of all people—you, all too skinny and too quiet and too different. you just—you just don't understand. it doesn't make sense. it took a long time to convince yourself he actually wanted to be your friend. this is a whole other level. the pieces don't fit together. he peels your hand off his mouth slowly, like if he moves too fast you'll run away. nico, he says, all soft and warm, i'm being completely serious right now. i'd never joke about something like this, you gotta know that. he looks so sincere you have to bite your lip and look away. i don't understand , you say again, i don't get it. you're. you . and i'm—not. i'm just this. i don't get it. you don't have to look up to see the furrow of his eyebrows or the little smile on his lips. i don't know if you've noticed, he says, but i think you're pretty damn cool. you're smart, and you're funny when you wanna be—and sometimes when you aren't even trying. and you're super nice even though you act like you aren't, and you care lot even though you act like you don't, and you notice things about people that everyone else overlooks and you remember them . you open your mouth to say something you haven't thought of yet, but he cuts you off. and you're really—well, you're really cute, even if you don't think so, and you have really nice hair i always wanna touch and really nice eyes and a really nice smile, and they light up all bright when you talk about hazel or reyna or get excited about something—and you move your arms a lot and get lost in whatever you're saying and it's so damn beautiful i— he cuts himself of this time, cheeks flushing a faint red, and swallows hard. you're just . he looks at you the way people look at something precious. you've never been looked at like that before. you're just—you're amazing, nico. you feel like you might cry a little if he keeps looking at you like that, the way he is right now. you try to swallow it down, but then you're blinking fast to stop the heat pooling in your eyes. no one has ever talked to you like this before, and he's so so good and warm and earnest and you have no idea what to do with it all. things don't work like this. you bring a hand up to wipe at your eyes and you look at the ground and say you're stupid, jason. you practically hear his face fall, but then you say i've wanted to kiss you for forever, you moron. i just didn't think you—wanted that too. i never—well i. you swallow. can we maybe do it again? he smiles that goddamn sunshine smile, and he says, sure, like he suddenly has no care in the world. his big hands are on your shoulder and on the side of your head, and, hesitantly, you lace your fingers together around his neck.