what she was looking at. The Furies had caught up, and were running towards us. Do they ever get tired? I picked up my bag and started running for about the hundredth time that day, honestly I had done more running than I would have done in a cross-country race. We followed Mum, who surprisingly, or maybe not so much, seemed to know her way around. We were chased up three flights of stairs until we emerged at the subway's Starbucks . "Bailey, lights." Mum nodded at her. Once more she shut her eyes tight and concentrated. I slipped my hand into her's and led her to where Mum was squatting underneath a café table. I bent down and Bailey copied. She moved to put her hand down, but I caught it before she got the sticky surprise that had been waiting. The smell in the air changed, from thick coffee and chocolate to death and decay. We edged round the seats, and through the maze of stools. The Furies had no idea where to look, which was a good thing of course, but neither could we, which was definitely a problem. Apollo. Hang on! Sun, music and healing , I thought triumphantly. I tried to imagine the scrapes and bruises, from where Fury number one had grasped me, disappearing, but no luck. Sun, sun, sun . I repeated the word over and over in my mind, palms outstretched to see if anything would happen. It took me a split second to realize that I could actually see their faces. There in my hand was a small orb of light, radiating the space around us. We crept around the deserted café, avoiding fallen liquids and cookies, but when there's light in a dark room it's kind of obvious where it is. We managed to escape quietly, but we could hear things being knocked over and screeches of horror as the Furies bumped into masked tables. Mum led us back in the direction of the subway trains, we ran even though we weren't sure if we were being followed. Mum pulled out three gold coins from her purse. "I've been saving these for a long time," she whispered to me, as she slipped the coins into the slot. The white screen on the ticket machine changed to a vibrant orange and strange lettering appeared, it was definitely foreign but I seemed to be able to read it: "Camp Half-blood," Bailey and I said in unison. This seemed to reassure Mum, so she clicked on the big black button with her long white nails and three tickets were printed. Two half-blood tickets and one supervisor. Well, it's a bit different from adult and child . We waited for our train, when it pulled up it was a sleek black with the same orange lettering as before. The people behind us, with a flash of pinstripe suits, let out shrieks of laughter. We knew automatically who was behind us. "You just don't know when to quit! Do you?" Fury number three hissed. At that moment the doors of the train cracked open. No! This is not the time you seek, Their time will come in the cold and bleak. For now is not the start of end, Quickly yet, they must choose their friends. Why kill now? When there's only two, Wait till they're there for the final few. The warning ran though my mind, Bailey's and apparently the Fury's. They re-coiled in a mist of angry black smoke, their bodies dissolving back to the Underworld. I looked up at the…things…that had saved us from the second chance the Furies had to kill us. There were three of them. Their skin was thick, wrinkled and leathery, they wore hooded cloaks, and each had thin wisps of hair that covered their eyes. No. Wait, hang on. Eye, as in the singular . They had one eye between them! They smiled demonically down at us. Oh wait…yes they only had one tooth, between the three of them as well. "We are the Grey Sisters," the one with the tooth announced. "Camp Half-Blood?" said the one with the eye. "Well, come aboard," whispered the third. Mum was the first to step onto the subway train, nodding at each sister in turn. They nodded back and one of the hags reached out to me and pulled me onto the train. Another helped Bailey up, and the six of us walked along the shadowy carriage to where three seats were propped. "Tickets!" The last one shrieked. Mum handed her the tickets and they shuffled into the driver's carriage, each sitting in one of the places. "Camp awaits," the first chuckled to herself, and with that the train pulled briskly out of the subway onto old worn tracks to the place we had been waiting for; Camp Half-Blood. I stepped out of the train as soon as it pulled into the stop, the warm sun replenishing my skin. I stood still and basked in the heat, sighing as the rays hit my face. "Well, girls, this is where I leave you, I'm afraid," Mum said, as she hugged me close. "Mum-" I whispered into her hair. "No, we aren't having any of this," she said, but her voice wavered. "This is the best thing for you. For both of you," she said and pulled Bailey into the bear hug. "I'll see you soon, and make sure that if anything happens, you contact me, okay?" She asked sternly. "Of course I will, Mum." "It's just up there, girls. I'll see you soon!" She hugged us both again and wiped at her eyes, claiming it was because of the breeze. Bailey and I walked hand in hand up the hill, gazing at the dark, tall pine tree with what seemed to have a dragon coiled around it. I guess we both didn't really get it then, but I knew that things were going to change, and maybe not for the better.