ago? To avenge a murder? "L' Ennuie," Shem said simply. Petra saw through the lie right away, but she made no move to pester any further. Today just seemed like the right day to tell lies. " Boredom ." [xxx] Shem surveyed the camp's surroundings as he sat down in front of the lake. A few days ago, two other demigods, Allen Stradwood and Elli Fugino, had left on a quest to retrieve a special child. Smaller details about the journey were kept confidential only between Chiron and a selected few. Elli had used to come to this lake every day. It was her way of staying at "home." Now that she was gone temporarily, Shem came here regularly to think. Ten years, Shem thought as he watched the leaves fall to the ground and onto the surface of the water. It's been a while. He remembered that earlier that day he'd bumped into Janelle when he was walking out of the Big House. " Sorry, Shem," Janelle apologized as she picked up the books that had fallen from her arms. Janelle Iaso was the second in command of the Apollo Cabin. Her medical abilities were better than most doctors in a high class hospital. Without her, so many demigods would've lost their lives a long time ago. Chiron had almost wished she had been there during the Titan War to help. As of now, she was the temporary leader of her cabin, because Allen Stradwood had gone on The Quest. Shem picked up one of the books, noticing that it was Les Miserables. He scanned at all the other books and she seemed to be holding scrolls and manuscripts of old plays and musicals. " I never knew you had an interest in them, Janelle," Shem said. To Shem, Janelle was a soft and gentle figure, acting more mature than most fourteen year olds. " I get bored after just studying medicine all the time," Janelle said keenly. Her sapphire eyes gleamed in the light. Her brown hair had been tied hastily into a ponytail, and her fair skin looked smooth in the light. Another scroll almost tumbled out of her arms, but Shem caught it before it fell to the ground. It was a scroll on cryptography. " Encryptions," Shem said, his interest perking up. Shem was known for being completely obsessed with codes and programming. " Oh," Janelle said, sounding slightly embarrassed. "Only the basics. I'm really fond of Caesar's code." " The simplest codes are always one of the most well known," Shem agreed. "They're always useful too, in case you need to send an urgent message." Shem threw a pebble toward the lake, watching it skip across the water. When the pebble no longer resurfaced, his eyes searched the ground and his fingers grasped for another small rock. Unwillingly, another memory flashed through his head. He was just six years old. " You're talented," The boy said. "And you know it." Shem looked up at the older boy. The boy sitting next to Shem looked about eleven years old, and his dark gray eyes scintillated brilliantly - unlike Shem's, whose light gray eyes gleamed rarely. This was the boy whom Shem had consistently looked up to. " But you're always better, Miro," Shem said. "Daddy loves you more." After that, the two of them didn't do anything to break the silence. Miro didn't say anything, because if he did, the two of them would know that he was lying. A few minutes later, Miro smirked. "Who cares about dad?" Miro said, shrugging. "We're brothers, Shem, and we stick together." The lies that he told. Shem stretched out on the grass, staring at the sky. From his pocket, his fingers wrapped around a small figurine, and he held it up to the sun. It was a chess piece, and one of his favorites. The black knight. It was strange to be a demigod, but even stranger to have a pair of demigod siblings. Miro Baker. His only older brother. And now? Shem thought. He's dead. "Shem!" Shem sat up to see Petra running toward him. Her face was pale, with a frantic look on her face. Shem got to his feet and took Petra by the shoulders. "What's wrong, Pet?" "There's a girl," Petra gasped as the two of them walked quickly from the lake. Petra geared Shem toward Thalia's Pine. A small crowd of people were being dispersed by Chiron. "Everyone's been looking for you, Sherlock. No one knows who she is, where she's from, or anything. That's why they want you." "No satyr?" "None. She's alone and unconscious," Petra said gravely. "And wounded." Wounded. Shem looked at Petra. When he looked at her, he knew that the situation on the hill was a bad one. Their pace quickened significantly. "Will she be alright?" Petra nodded. Janelle must be there right now. Suddenly, Petra stopped, and her hand briefly took hold of his hand to stop him, just before she let go. Shem stopped as well, and looked into her eyes in slight confusion. For the first time, he'd never seen her look so worried. "I need to tell you," Petra said, her voice trembling slightly. At once, Shem knew it had to do with the dream she'd had. "It was a message to you from my dad." Her dad? Shem thought, his heart stopping. His fists clenched slowly. Her dad never once communicated with her, and constantly ignored her. And the one time he finally spoke to her, she didn't matter at all to him? Why? "That bast-" Shem growled. "Never mind about me," Petra interrupted angrily. Petra looked up indignantly for a moment, and her expression was replace with a look of somberness. She was strong. "Sorry." Shem said, knowing that she didn't want anyone to look after her. She was very independent. "He told me to tell you," Petra continued. " Your journey has begun, Shem Baker. Go ahead. Kill him. "