heard a loud BANG. When we turned to where the noise was, we saw Ethan pushing the newbie against a locker with his Mates behind him. Everyone else went back to changing because of they interfered, they would have to deal with Luke. Well, me and the Shadows actually didn't give a damn. They started talking a bit then the newbie glared at Ethan and shoved him off, which ended up Ethan pushed into his mates. Wow the kid had guts, but was gonna get his ass kicked, unfortunately Jason interfered before anything happened "Hey Ethan, leave the kid alone" Jason shouted and walked over to there, I just huffed and followed him too. Ethan and his mates turned to look at us and scowled "Why don't you go away and mind your own fucking business?" Tartarus snapped, well let me tell you about Tartarus, he was born with purple eyes and hair, great fighter but Luke got to him first, and is Luke's Right Hand Man. Oh yeh and he scares the shit out of a lot of people, which gladly ain't me. "Well we just made it our business" Leo shot back sassily "Ooh burn" the green eyed beauty muttered, I just glared while leo laughed "I like this dude already" I just huffed and the beauty blushed adorably. He surely couldn't get any cuter "Get lost, we found him first, he is ours, go find your own" Kronos mumbled through gritted teeth "I'm not yours, what are you talking about?" The raven haired boy asked, tilting his head to the side while putting a confused face on like he didn't like not knowing things. Ok I stand corrected, he could get cuter. "Shame! DOUBLE BURRRRRNNNNN!" Leo being the idiot he is said that. Ethan glared at us, while turning to the to the Beauty with a warm and charming smile, oh dang he got the kid now "What he meant was we want you in our group, to ... Help us" Ethan replied while smirking thinking he got the godly figure, oh how wrong he was "No thanks, I'm fine, goodbye" he answered while walking away, leaving a speechless Ethan there, shocked staring at the green eyed kid who rejected his offer. We just laughed and Ethan and his mates stormed off, wow, I didn't think they would give up that easy. It's not like them to do that, hm what ever they are gone and now we need to persuade the kid to join us. When lunch came around, I was just walking around by myself when I felt someone grab my shoulder and pull me. I struggled but they punch my gut from behind me, I coughed and coughed while getting thrown to the ground. "Tsk tsk tsk, I'm gonna have fun watching you bleed, we all are, am I right guys?" A familiar voice asked as I heard a lot of yes' I turned to see , Octavian, Kronos, Chris and Charlie, they were great fighters and I was all alone. I tried getting up to fight back but got kicked to the ground with a 'oof' They kept kicking and kicking till they stopped when they heard a familiar voice. "What are you guys doing?" I slowly looked and saw it was the green eyed beauty, aww come on, couldn't someone have been with him? Kid go get help, can't he? "Get out of here kid, unless you want a beating too?" Charlie snapped at him, the gorgeous figures eyes darkened to a shade which made you quiver and squirm. his fists clenched shut, his mouth in a line, glaring at charlie "I don't Fucken like people who beat up other people, I call them bullies" he said through gritted teeth, KID YOU ARE ONLY MAKING IT WORSE! Gosh can't this kid think, he is such an idiot. "Do I look like I give a fuck? Nope don't give a Fucken fuck!" Octavian shouted at him, the kid took a step forward angrily which made Octavian hesitate, then slowly step forward. Next I know, Octavian is on the ground clutching is bloody nose mumbling curses, Charlie ran up and tried to kick the kid in the side, but he ducked and punched him at his side and kicked him in the chest which sent Charlie flying into a wall, hitting his head which ended up knocking him out. This kid was a beast, not even getting a scratch and all ready beat up the 8th and 9th strongest men luke has. Octavian was back up and ran at the kid while Chris ran behind to kid, they both went to punch the kid from front and behind, but the kid side stepped out of the way, which ended up Octavian and Chris punching eachother. Chris stumbled back while Octavian was on the ground. Again. The kid kicked Chris at the back of the knee which ended up Chris kneeling on the ground, then the kid kicked a a powerful kick at his back and Chris hit the floor with a sickening crack coming from his nose. Suddenly Kronos was beside the kid going to kick him in the gut, but he rolled out of the way and lunged at Kronos, pretty much tackling Kronos to the ground and started punching him, Kronos now had a black eye, bruised cheek, split lip, cut above his left eye brow and was knocked out. The kid slowly got up and walked over to me, I was losing consciousness, a hand found its way under my arm and lifted me up in a standing position. He placed my arm around his shoulders and placed his arm around my waist, he slowly started helping me walk to the infirmary, I was slowly limping. When we got there, I was exhausted, they took me in a white room with a light blue bed and brown cabinets. They placed me on the bed and that is when I lost consciousness.