before her grin returned. "I can work the mist, we can get free food." Percy damn near jumped up, holding out his hand and helping her onto her feet. The two sweaty teens held hands as they walked passed the cabins. Their transition from friends to something more was admittedly quick. But the undertones had always been there, and though it wasn't love at the moment. There was something definitely blossoming. However, the gray eyes that watched the two in the darkness wasn't nearly as happy. The seething hatred in those eyes alone conveyed how much pain they were going through. Gods had been contacted, and things in Camp Half-blood were going to change. Far faster than they should. Luckily for the two demigods of the big three, they still had their chance at an actual date. Both quickly cleaning up and getting dressed in the nicest clothes they owned. Which in Thalia's case was a tight fitting pair of black ripped up jeans, a pair of black untied boots a leather jacket and a plain white shirt. In Percy's case, it was simple khaki pants and a floral button up shirt, with loafers. Granted his hair ruined the look of business casual, being the complete mess that it is no matter what. When both black haired teens stepped out and looked at each other they grinned, neither looking like the type to be seen together. "Wait, why would I steal the car?" Percy paused, and shook his head. A sharp taxi cab whistle blowing out of his mouth, and a beautiful black pegasus flew down in front of the duo. The flying horse neighed loudly at Percy, nuzzling his hands into his muzzle. "Sorry, Blackjack. It's been too long, buddy." The son of the sea chuckled as if the pegasus had said something and nodded his head. Thalia could only shake her head at the two, not knowing at all what either were talking about. Percy jumped onto the back of Blackjack and held out his hand for Thalia. She grasped it tightly and was hoisted up in front of Percy, feeling rather odd but nonetheless sitting back into the hard muscles of Percy. "You know, if you get fat at least you'll be a little bit more comfortable than now." The teasing lilt in Thalia's voice made the young man snort in amusement. "But then it'd be harder to see my boys." The daughter of Zeus' face turned bright red at just exactly what Percy meant, "By Olympus, Percy. We're still children." A short laugh escaped from Percy as the pegasus took off into the air. Thalia grabbed one of Percy's arms and held it tightly to her stomach, feeling much safer with his arm around her. "I'll be honest, I kind of forgot you were afraid of heights..." She hesitantly chuckled and desperately avoided looking down into the very far away ground. The two teens arrived shortly at the top of a parking garage, Percy had playfully smacked Blackjack on the flank and said he was allowed to fly around the area and eat whatever he wanted. Percy faced Thalia and smiled, holding out his arm she hooked his with her own and they began walking. Quietly wandering down the garage and onto the bustling street. No matter the hours the roads always seemed busy, and the two continuously had to dodge people and bikes. Though frustrating the teens made their way down to Time's Square, and stared up at the bright TV screens that played ads constantly. "Wait, I have no idea where any good places even are..." Thalia shook her head at Percy's words before pointing at the ever popular Bucca di Beppo, and sauntering in. The two smiled at the waitress that would seat them, Thalia waved her hands a few times and spoke the right words and they had earned themselves two seats at one of the more aesthetic restaurants. The teens smiled at each other a few times while they enjoyed themselves. Their food came, and they shared each other's meals. "Wait, can you mist us to get some wine?" Percy finally asked about half way through the meal. With a grin, the girl nodded and waved over the waitress. "Can we have the best wine you have?" The nice waitress smiled and asked to see Thalia and Percy's id's. Both pulling out cards, Thalia's being a Hot Topic card, and Percy's being a Subway gift card. A few quick movements of her hands and the cards appeared to be what they needed. With a smile from the waitress she walked away and returned in a few moments with Sauvignon Blanc, pouring it into the glasses for them and walking away. Quickly, the two far too young teens got light headed off of the wine. That was to be expected though considering it was more or less their first times tasting anything alcoholic. When their meal was all gone and the bottle half empty, the two tipsy teens managed to mist their way out of the place. Giggling and holding each other a little tighter than usual, they made their way back to the garage they started at. At least, that's what they thought. With a sharp whistle, the huge black winged pegasus swooped down. Getting onto Blackjack, Percy giving the horse with wings a few hard pats and scratches they were off. As quickly as they had came, they had went back to Camp Half-blood, the pegasus delivering them both to the Poseidon cabin. Thalia followed Percy into his cabin, hugging him tightly before she dropped onto the other bed in the cabin. With the young male casually plopping into his own, a grin lighting up his face. "G'night, Thalia." The daughter of Zeus responded sleepily before drifting off. With that, the two fell asleep quickly. Unbeknownst to the two sleeping teens, charges were being set and magics were being put into place. The camp would soon see fire and flames.