almost jumped the first time Annabeth's fingers brushed against his. They were walking in the park, heading for one of the small ramps. Annabeth had picked up skateboarding scarily well, scarily fast. He had a feeling she knew the basics from Piper, even if Piper preferred a long board. Percy liked the classic. He'd been thinking about how to explain an ollie when Annabeth's fingers brushed against his. He had ignored it, thinking it was just an accident. It wasn't until it happened again, more firmly and totally not accidentally that Percy looked down at their hands. Annabeth was side-eyeing him. Waiting. Percy's heart was beating a little too fast for his liking. He slid his fingers through hers and held his breath. Annabeth squeezed his hand once and leaned into his shoulder little before walking on ahead, pulling him towards the ramps. She was smiling to herself, that self-satisfied Annabeth Chase smile that screamed of a successful plan. Percy had a feeling he looked like he'd just been electrocuted because all the nerve endings in his hand were on fire. He was stunned because— holy shit— Annabeth Chase was holding his hand. Annabeth didn't realize she was falling off the board until Percy was catching her. She'd been trying a trick he just taught her and he'd been within arm's reach if she needed him. But she didn't need him. At least, she thought she didn't. She was too damn stubborn, she thought as she opened her eyes. She should have let him help her. "Wise Girl, you okay?" Percy's concerned voice echoed all around her. "Peachy," grumbled Annabeth. She got her feet under her but didn't move out of Percy's arms. Her leg stung where the board's tape had scratched up against her shin. That's what she got for wearing her cheer uniform to the park after a pep rally. "You sure?" His voice was incredibly close and his arms were surprisingly strong and, gods, he always smelled like the ocean, didn't he? "I'm fine, Perce," she huffed. She was just glad that the ramp they were at was pretty deserted. She tilted her head up and looked a little too closely at his eyes. And the way his hair was messy from his hat. And the still-healing piercing in his eyebrow. And his lips— she's been staring at those a lot lately. "Hey, Seaweed Brain. I'm fine. You can let go of me," she remarked drily. "Right," Percy was staring at her with the self-conscious tilt to his mouth that he only got when he was thinking too hard. His voice was gravely and Annabeth's heart was beating really, really fast and she hoped he didn't actually let go because her legs were turning to jello they longer they stood there. "Or don't," she said, her eyebrows raising in a teasing dare she hoped he took. Percy's cheeks were faintly red but he was grinning at her. "Stop laughing at me," he whispered and leaned down towards her. He hesitated a little (Annabeth always thought it was cute that a boy who could cause so much shit, who pierced his eyebrow without a second thought on a terrible dare from Travis Stoll, was hesitant around her) before pressing his lips to hers. His arms shifted around her until she could grab onto his hoodie. His lips were warm, and tasted like Sally's cookies (If he had some for lunch and hadn't shared them, she was going to kill him. Later, though. Definitely later). Annabeth's lips brushed against the edge of the split lip he'd gotten in a fight last week defending Grover. And that's when Annabeth completely melted. Because Piper was right. You didn't plan on boys like Percy Jackson. They just happened. Everyone at Goode High School knew that Annabeth Chase and Percy Jackson were that couple— the one that seemed like it would never work in a million years but which was strangely perfect. Percy went to every sports event at the school that involved the cheerleaders, and sat through debate regionals almost without falling asleep (but Jason did too, so it was okay). Annabeth had taken Percy up on a dare to skateboard through the halls in the middle of the day and had gotten detention for a week for it when she knocked an entire stack of papers from Mrs. Moneta's* arms (The Stolls had made her a paper crown and called her Queen for a week after that). Piper had decided that Percy was her bro and Thalia fondly tolerated that her cousin was dating one of her closest friends. Grover and Hazel thought Annabeth was the best thing that had ever happened to Percy. Sure, when they stood in the hallway- Annabeth in her cheer uniform and Percy clutching his skateboard with his arm around Annabeth's waist- they got eyeballed by half the school. But when he kissed her on the forehead or Annabeth stole his hat, neither of them noticed. Because they were just them. They just happened. Paul just laughed because his wife's brilliant idea, his step-son's enormous crush, and his seating plan won him the staffs' annual betting pool on the Most Unpredictable Couple. Classic Sally and Paul. Piper is such an Aphrodite Girl sometimes and its amazing. *Mrs. Moneta r efers to Hera, or Juno really since Juno Moneta is the incarnation of Juno The Warner talked about in HOO. Annabeth and Piper own both the cheer team and the debate team, don't even deny it. I would apologize for such a long homework scene except I love Sally more than anything in the world sooo. I maintain that the in most high school fics the children of the Big 3 should be cousins because the family love is off the charts. (I've used a screenshot of the artwork that inspired this fic as the cover art, and claim zero right, but if the owner has a problem, please notify me and I will take it down.)