too soon. "So…" Damn this kid. "What?" "You never said what you're in here for?" A quick glance confirmed my suspicions. Elfie was still grinning… and skipping…? "Cause that may be because I didn't tell you…" He really doesn't get it, does he? "Well..." He grinned smugly, "Looks like I'll have to guess then. I'm an expert by the way!" "Leo!" Hazels' distance voice called. "Don't. You. Dare." Elfie must have figured out my confusion by Hazels' warning by simply shrugging in response. "No idea what she's on about." "Right..." I stated, descending the flight of old wooden stairs leading down to the History room. For the next 60 something seconds, Elfie didn't speak. I know that I said early that would have been a good thing; but Valdez not speaking, from what I had learnt in the last 4 hours of my life in this hell hole only meant trouble. That trouble came just before entering the battered doors of the history room. "I've got it!" I turned slowly to see Elfie failing badly to not grin with a wicked gleam in his eye. The sort you get when someone is about to give you a dare you'll never forget. "You're parents walk in on you only to find that you're OCD habits had finally sent you insane." Okay… "S'pose you tempted failed guess could be worse." "At midnight you would run around naked screaming Pink Fluffy Unicorns Dancing On Rainbows-" "Are you insane?" I cut in. If anything, the weirdest thing I've experience today was Leo Valdez. "I hadn't finished!" Leo pouted. I sighed; he was about as sane as I was a teacher's pet. "Yes?" His manic grin returned. "While jerking off to a shrine you made for that sexy topless jock you had a quickie with once." He seriously didn't just say that right..? "Told you I'm an expert." He grinned. My shocked expression quickly turned in a glare. "Fuck you." "Gladly." Leo Valdez smugly responded back while his eye brows waggled around widely. The first time in eight years I was glad to have detention. I left the Elf behind in the deserted corridor as I stormed into the history room. Life just couldn't get any better, could it? _-_-Line Break-_-_ "Hey!... HEY!" Ignore him. Ignore him. Ignor- "HHHEEYY!" "What!" I snapped back at him. Valdez and I had been 'briefly' left untended in the history room while Chiron had to step outside to deal a certain student, ahem Percy. Who had conveniently decided that he needed to 'catch up' on some work while Valdez and I were being tortured. We sat at opposite sides of the classroom; me on the left by the dirt covered windows and Valdez on the left by the door. It just happened to be that Elfie here had currently, for the last 10 minutes, had been determined to get my attention using every fudging method in the book. Like, every method. "I was only kidding around y'know!" He whispered yelled. Sorry, attempted yet failed to whisper yell. "Because it really sounded like that." I whisper yelled back at him. "It was kinda funny though!" He grinned. "Oh yeah, defiantly. Casual as fuck and all." "Okay! Maybe my prediction was a little off-" he began. "A little!" I raised my voice, just a little. "Okay! Maybe more than a little off... BUT I was only kidding!" I turned towards him, slightly; for once he actual looked like he was trying really hard to be serious. Which I guess was hard for an idiot like him. I rolled my eyes and went back to glaring out of the window. "HHEEYY!" He practically shouted this time. "If you keep yelling like that we're both going to end up in another round of dentation, you idiot!" His manic grin returned. "DEATH KID!" "WHAT!" I'm going to KILL this kid. I mean KILL him. Assassinate, destroy, exterminate and eliminate this KID. "Are we like FRIENDS or like something now..?" He's kidding right? RIGHT? "You know what. I've figured it out. YOU ARE INSANE." "Arg, you know you love me!" Cue me vomiting. Everywhere. Mentally. "When I die maybe, but until then, no; never in million years, like no." If his grin could get any wider, then it just did. The door creaked, Chiron was coming back in. Looked like you could only distract a teacher for a certain amount of time. Thanks for that Percy. "WELL, ME AND THE REST OF TEAM LEO ARE MEETING UP IN LIBRARY NEXT PERIOD AND IF FANCY SPENDING MORE TIME WITH THE AMAZING LEO VALDEZ THEN-" "Leo Valdez, I hope you not talking in detention." Chiron stood at the door looking both and forth between the both of us, with a smile hidden smile on his lips. Percy and Annabeth stood in the entrance of the open door way trying really hard not die laughing. "No of course not sir." Leo grinned, blushing slightly. "Good. Turn to page 453. Greek gods…" Only 25 minutes to go. 25 incredibly long minutes. 1500 seconds really… "Ouch." I muttered under my breath. It took me minute to realise Elfie had thrown a ball of scrunched up paper at my head. Glaring in Valdez's general direction to see him smirking, I read the note. Well, I interpreted something from the messily written scrawl marked across the paper. Dear Death Kid, Come to library next period! *Cue several smiley faces* LOVE THE AMAZING LEO VALDEZ Lord, Do you hate me or something or do you really like seeing me suffer? With hate, Di Angelo. And I'm not even religious. I think it's a very clear fact that even Leo Valdez could see that I'm jinxed. 24 minutes to go. Yeah! … Gosh! . Hopefully I haven't failed too badly! Another little note: I feel that I'm going to upload this story in two parts; because otherwise it's rather long! (I'll have the second part finished soon!) Thank-you all for reading! ^-^ ~once-there-was-a-dragon x