it be too rude to just simply walk out of here right now? She refused to look at Percy right now which was just as well because Percy was probably avoiding her gaze too. "Daddy, look! It's yellow," Olivia gushed and Percy moved forward to indulge, perhaps grateful for the excuse to change the subject. Annabeth trailed behind, trying to be enthusiastic about stupid, creepy reptiles and invertebrates and sneaking glances at Percy only to hotly look away when their eyes finally met. Given the fact that the Jeopardy duo ended up not deciding on exactly what sort of pet they wanted, Annabeth was tempted to chalk up the entire day as a waste. "What's a good name for a turtle?" the voice on the other end called. Annabeth carefully unstuck a smiley sticker and pressed it to the page she was marking. "Is that what you ended up getting? A turtle?" "Uh-huh. Small guy but Liv thinks he's the cutest," Percy chuckled. "We can't decide on what to call it yet. Leo wants to call him McShizzle and Olivia's all for it-" Annabeth snorted in mirth- "but I vetoed the idea. So yeah." Annabeth hummed thoughtfully and forced herself to not think about the Pet Store Fiasco. "How about Phorcys?" "Porky? He's a turtle not a pig." " Phorcys ," Annabeth rolled her eyes. "He's a Greek god of the sea." "Ugh. I was thinking something along the lines of Speedy or Velocity because, you know, he's a turtle? And he's slow?" "Never explain the joke, Percy." Annabeth wasn't really surprised when three days later Percy sent her picture of a tank with a turtle in it. A proud caption read: 'Meet Porky' Annabeth could tell that Piper had had enough of her dilemma when she threw her highlighter at her and groaned out, "Why don't you just ask him out already?" "I'm not asking him out," she answered resolutely. "I mean, I want to but-" "If you want to, then why not?" Piper shook her head then went back to tracing her lines with her index finger. "Because," Annabeth tried to explain, frustrated, "dating Percy wouldn't just be dating Percy. He has a daughter. Obviously she's the biggest part of his life. Going into a relationship with him involves going into a relationship with her. And that just complicates everything." "So?" Piper was only half paying attention. The other half of her mind was preoccupied with her script and notes. "You're a kindergarten teacher Annabeth. If anyone should know how to deal with kids, it should be you." "It's not a matter of dealing with Olivia, Piper! There's a difference between being a child's teacher and being her…" Annabeth trailed off and bit her lip. What did she want to say? What should she say? What noun could she possibly put there? If she dated Percy, she'd be his girlfriend but what would she be to Olivia? "Her dad's…girlfriend," Annabeth finished awkwardly, unsatisfied with those words. Piper finally looked up from her page and an understanding concern filled her eyes. "Oh," she said. "Yeah." "Well," Piper tentatively spoke her next words. "You ever think that you overthink things too much Annabeth?" "This warrants overthinking," Annabeth snapped. Piper, for her part, remained cool. "Maybe not," she suggested softly. "All you really have to do is ask him out. Then see where it goes from there. If you think it's something you're not ready for, then you can just break it off." But what would be the point of starting something if you couldn't be sure that it would last? That'd just be a waste of time and energy. Annabeth didn't voice that opinion to Piper though. All her best friend would say was that emotions didn't work like that. Annabeth Chase didn't give her heart away easily and when she did, she wanted to make sure that it would be with someone she could work out a future with. Casual dating? Not her thing. The troubling thing was, even though Percy was already a father, she could see herself with him. She could see them lounging around cafes, playfully arguing or lazing around in an apartment or baking together (Annabeth didn't bake but Percy did and according to Jason, his food was the stuff of legends). Just being together. She could see them being together. And where did Olivia fit into this picture? Well…Annabeth could see her too, loudly remarking on things in her brash manner and giggling and insisting on playing her games. Annabeth twisted her hands in her lap. Damn she had it bad. She didn't want to throw around words like mother or (even worse) stepmother. They were too heavy and full of responsibility. When that assistant had used that word that other day? It had chilled her to the bone. But maybe…maybe…it was worth a try? It wasn't often that someone made her feel this way. That ought to count for something. Annabeth sighed. "If," she carefully started. "If I do ask him out" -Piper's eyes lit up at that- "what would be a good first date?" "That's easy!" Piper crowed triumphantly. "You can go to a premiere of my show!" "You have a spare ticket?" Annabeth blinked. "Lacy's not coming," she shook her head. "Some work related emergency came up. So we're good to go!" "And," Piper added when Annabeth didn't immediately respond, "if you're a big enough coward you can pretend that it's a group thing and that it's totally not a date at all." "I'm not going do that!" Annabeth snapped. She reached for her phone and swiped the screen, biting her bottom lip. Then she threw her phone back onto her bed, ignoring Piper's reproachful stare. "Tomorrow," she declared, trying to quell her queasiness. "I'll call him tomorrow." A/N: I have a weakness for pastries and meet cutes. I regret nothing. Also Staff of Serapis has convinced me that Annabeth is totally the kind of girl who discreetly checks guys out.