"Grover?" I said. "Hey, man—" "Tell me they're not looking at you. They are, aren't they?" "Yeah. Weird, huh? You think those socks would fit me?" "Not funny Percy. NOT funny at all," Leo said "Not funny, Percy. Not funny at all." Leo blushed slighty but no one said anything as Percy read out more. The old lady in the middle took out a huge pair of scissors—gold and silver, long-bladed, like shears. I heard Grover catch his breath. At this moment everyone was holding their breaths "We're getting on the bus," he told me. "Come on." "What?" I said. "It's a thousand degrees in there." "Come on!'" He pried open the door and climbed inside, but I stayed back. Across the road, the old ladies were still watching me. The middle one cut the yarn, and I swear I could hear that snip across four lanes of traffic. Everyone took a deep breath. Her two friends balled up the electric-blue socks, leaving me wondering who they could possibly be for—Sasquatch or Godzilla. At the rear of the bus, the driver wrenched a big chunk of smoking metal out of the engine compartment. The bus shuddered, and the engine roared back to life. The passengers cheered. "Darn right!" yelled the driver. He slapped the bus with his hat. "Everybody back on board!" Once we got going, I started feeling feverish, as if I'd caught the flu. Grover didn't look much better. He was shivering and his teeth were chattering. "Grover?" "Yeah?" "What are you not telling me?" He dabbed his forehead with his shirt sleeve. "Percy, what did you see back at the fruit stand?" "You mean the old ladies? What is it about them, man? They're not like ... Mrs. Dodds, are they?" His expression was hard to read, but I got the feeling that the fruit-stand ladies were something much, much worse than Mrs. Dodds. He said, "Just tell me what you saw." "The middle one took out her scissors, and she cut the yarn." He closed his eyes and made a gesture with his fingers that might've been crossing himself, but it wasn't. It was something else, something almost—older. He said, "You saw her snip the cord." "Yeah. So?" But even as I said it, I knew it was a big deal. Everyone nodded. at this point Percy was getting tired of talk but he check the page and saw he had a few more pages to go. "This is not happening," Grover mumbled. He started chewing at his thumb. "I don't want this to be like the last time." "What last time?" "Always sixth grade. They never get past sixth." "Grover," I said, because he was really starting to scare me. "What are you talking about?" "Let me walk you home from the bus station. Promise me." This seemed like a strange request to me, but I promised he could. "Is this like a superstition or something?" I asked. No answer. "Grover—that snipping of the yarn. Does that mean somebody is going to die?" He looked at me mournfully, like he was already picking the kind of flowers I'd like best on my coffin. "I kinda was.." Grover admitted. Everyone turned to Percy who stood up and cracked his back, he walked over to Hestia and placed the book next to her. "Break?" Percy asked after Zeus nodded he asked something else. "Can we up stay her for the night since we can't go to camp?" Apparently the gods in ten years are a bit more laid back. Zeus sighed "On your right down that hall way the third door on your left it stood say guest" He stood up, the gods following. "We will come back after dinner to continue the story. Hestia Sister would you like to read" He asked her his face softening as he addressed her. She nodded and the gods save Hestia flashed and disappeared. "Lets go get ICE CREAM and explore Olympus before Annabeth remodeled it!" Leo yelled and they ran to the market place to get Ice cream. -This is a line break since I don't know how to make one- The gods and goddess on the other hand were arguing. "My daughter shall not date your spawn!" Athena Yelled "HOW DO WE KNOW IF THEY'RE EVEN DATING!?" Poseidon yelled "This is going to be the best couple ever!" Aphrodite squeled while thinking "make their love life hard then pair them up!" "Brother, calm down." Hades asked him, Poseidon begrudgingly calmed down. "Now Poseidon is right we don't know if their dating." Poseidon slyly stuck his tongue out with out Athena seeing. Hades became the peace keeper since Hestia wasn't there at the moment. "How about we make a bet?" Hermes asked eager to win. After arguing about a price it came to an immortal favor from each gods. So if three people win, each god had to give a faver to each of them. "Who chooses couple?" Hades asked. Hades, Apollo, Hermes, Aphrodite, and Artemis raised their hand after Apollo gave a trust me look. "Who think their not going to be a couple?" Zeus, Demeter, Mr. D, Ares, raised their hands. Hephaestus, Athena, Poseidon reframed from raising their hands "We choose to stand aside," Athena carefully answered. Hephaestus continued working quietly. Everyone flashed away except Artemis, Apollo and Aphrodite. "Okay why did you want me to choose the couple side?" She shivered slightly Apollo patted her on the back "God of prophecy remember sis? just a feeling plus Aphrodite's on our side." Hermes started thinking about drugging the demigods to find out the truth, but stopped after Athena gave him a glare. Okay guys this is the end of the first Chapter. Ta da! there are parts I'm not sure I like but I'll deal with it. Date: This is the date that was published. Word: 9,436 words not counting author's note. Except updates every few weeks of months unless I get really behind in school. :)