and the dark hair. And she was angry. I stood there, staring at the short, angry girl. The girl opened her mouth to say something to Nico and I, probably something harsh, but another girl came up and pulled the Asian girl's arm. "What are you doing?" the brunette that just arrived whispered harshly to her. She turned to us and smiled, "I'm sorry. Please forgive her...angry disposition. She's going through a girl thing". With that said, the brunette practically dragged the other girl out. I can hear the Asian one ramble loudly while the brunette nodded along, pulling her to another hallway I stared at where those girls turned while my head processed what just happened. "Girls" Nico muttered, "Percy, your phone is ringing. Are you going to answer it or are your going to let the whole hallway suffer to your ringtone?" True enough, my phone was ringing. I gave Nico a light glare at his comment. Yeah, I know what you're thinking. ' Why do you have a phone? Isn't that bad for you because of the whole monster thing'. Well, 1) How did you know about that thing, and 2) The Hephaestus cabin made them for people who are prone to monster attacks ( a.k.a. me ), are not all-rounders ( I'm one of them ) and have a high death expectancy ( Bingo. That's me ladies and gentlemen. Perks of being a child of the Big Three ). The original plan was to make them for all the campers, but it might be a waste of parts because not all are going to leave the safety of the camp. Luckily, the phone self-updates. For example, I now have the latest iPhone (or iKlisi as the Hephaestus kids called it) even though I got this a few months before the latest iPhone was released. Being a demigod has it's benefits. The caller ID glowed in the slightly dim hallway: Jason Grace. The stolen picture that I took of him filled the screen, it was his face when we had dared him to suck out the juice of half a lemon. Beside me, Nico let out a snicker at the image and of the memory. I pressed "Accept". "Hey man, where are you?" I said, following Nico as he navigated through the halls, the map in hand. " We're heading there. Also, I need to ask you a thing" was Jason's reply. "What thing?" I said. " Do you have-" The call ended with a beep. I sighed and placed my phone back into my pocket. So much for "no demigods left behind". "Locker 408, here it is" Nico said, "And my locker is" he turned around to face the set of lockers on the opposite wall, "right across. Amazing" "Technically, it's not really across from mine" I said, "Your locker is technically across and one locker to the left from mine" "Thanks. That reassured me" Nico said, walking over to his locker. I tried the combination on Locker 408... and it's stuck. I tried the combination again, but the locker won't budge. I looked around, catching Nico's aggravated look that was directed at his locker. "It won't budge?" I called out. He looked at me and shook his head. I looked around,hoping that those students in white polo shirts were passing the hallway. I didn't see any white polo shirts. What I saw, however, were people kneeling down and opening the locker below. I glanced at the locker below me, still labelled "408", then the kneeling students, then the other "408" locker. Trying my luck, I knelt down to the locker underneath and tried the combination. The locker door opened. "Really?" I whispered to the locker, as if it could hear me. I turned around, seeing Nico frown at me, then frowned at his locker. He knelt down and put in his combination. When the locker door opened, he banged his head on Locker 435a. I stood up and kicked the locker door closed. There wasn't much to put it, anyways. "Well, what now?" I asked Nico. He shrugged and stood up, brushing the dust off his knees. When we turned around, a group of students- specifically girls- ran to our direction. I finally know what it feels like to be in the way of a mini-stampede. I bumped, hit, crashed and collided with every girl that passed me. A student managed to kick my feet under me. I had no idea who or what they were running towards, but I was not interested. So much for "A Goode Experience" I sat up and rubbed my side as I glanced at what the commotion was about. Many students were encircling the entrance, some pushing others out of the way. I ignored them. If it was really important, it would be discussed in the orientation. Nico appeared beside me, grabbing my arm, pulling me up, "Did someone flirt with you?" he asked I raised an eyebrow at him, "What? No. What made you say that". I pulled my arm away when I was standing on my two feet. I brushed the dust off my jeans. "Because" Nico started, a grin starting to grow on his face (I had to admit, it was a scary grin), "You were swept off your feet" A moment of silence fell between us, Nico's grin didn't falter. "Who are you and what have you done with Nico di Angelo" "Shut up" " Klisi" (with the accents and all) is Greek for "call", so it's literally "iCall". Yeah, that's all for now. (Have I ever mentioned that I'm not a writer? Yeah, I'm no hobbyist as well. This sounded like a good idea before) Concerning Solangelo: I personally ship it, to an extent (I ship a lot of things, thanks to Homestuck). But it won't be explicitly displayed (like holding hands, kissing, and such), maybe, Solangelo, if you squint. Very hard. (that pun at the end I'msosorrynoI'mnot ) I'm working on Chapter 2