as well, ok?" She nodded, and I took a rope from where I'd left it near a tree and did just that. Luckily for her, she didn't try to struggle or sneak attack me. 'Why did I have a rope?', you might ask. 'Why not?' is my answer. I heard cheering and watched Luke sprint across the boundary line twenty feet away, securing victory for the Athena cabin. That meant the hellhound couldn't be far behind. It hadn't been that long last time. Sure enough, thirty seconds into the celebrations, I found myself dodging a wall of black fur. I twisted past its next lunge, slicing it along its side with Riptide as I went. The cut was deep enough to cut halfway through the hellhound, and it was obviously fatal, as the hellhound exploded into golden dust seconds later. Really, did you expect a hellhound to give me trouble? I think of drakons as small fry. That should really tell you something. Okay . . . to tell you the truth, even I had expected it give me trouble. Drakons aren't exactly small fry; it's just that sonic arrows take them down just as easily as they do any other monster, and I'd kind of gotten used to not having to face it up close with a sword. And I had faced hellhounds up close even just hours before I'd come back, but that had been with my older body. I'd expected my lack of agility to be my downfall here. Which was why my quick victory over the hellhound was a little surprising. Well, I reasoned, it was most likely the fact that hellhounds telegraph their attacks a lot. Sure, they're fast, but when I see one leaping, I just have to roll or twist out of the way, and I'm safe. They never feint; it's always just a straight line, from their position to their demigod victim. I heard a couple panicked screams from people who noticed the hellhound, but most people hadn't really had that much time to notice it. So I headed over to Chiron. "Uh, sir, are giant black dogs part of the game?" I tried to sound as young and naive as I could. For one thing, it would make sure that he didn't look too much into the fact that I was ready for the hellhound, and would just chalk it up to luck or good awareness. For another, it was actually a little funny. "Uh, so it's not part of the game?" I asked as Chiron flinched and started pulling his bow off of his back. "I already killed it, don't worry." He froze, turning his head slowly to face me. "It was over there, by where I tied up Clarisse!" "Erm, yes. Very good, Percy. If you could untie her . . . that would be much appreciated." He didn't seem to be paying me much attention anymore, lost in his thoughts, so I shrugged and headed over to where Clarisse was tied up. "Hey, good game," I said as I reached her and began to untie her. "Maybe for you," she muttered. "You were ready for us." Damn, I'd been hoping she wouldn't notice. But it was kinda hard for her not to at least guess that I'd known they were coming, given my literally immediate response. "Yeah, I heard you coming," I lied nonchalantly. "You won't get me so easily next time," she growled at me. "Oh, I know," I said. She looked a little taken aback by that. Probably expected me to refute her statement or talk about how much of a one sided battle it had been. It had been, but mostly because I had eight years of experience fighting monsters, and she'd been mostly sheltered in camp since she arrived. That didn't mean she would ever beat me. She would probably be a teensy, tiny bit more difficult to deal with during our next clash, so I technically wasn't lying. But I'd mostly said it because there was no point in alienating her. "Um, ok," she said, blinking. "Your siblings are still where they got knocked out," I called over my shoulder as I began to head over to the celebrations that I knew were being set up in the pavilion. I didn't wait for her response. I probably should have waited for a thank you or something, but whatever. I just wanted to get something to eat and go to bed. I had a big day tomorrow. I got to bed around nine, which was really rather early for me, but I knew I needed the rest. I woke up once or twice in the middle of the night, but managed to get back to sleep each time. A/N: So, Percy here is not ridiculously overpowered. He's slightly more powerful than he was at the end of the HoO in terms of his son of poseidon powers, and the only thing he's really gained are archery skills and the minor things from Apollo's blessing. He won't suddenly find out he's the mortal manifestation of a primordial or anything. This isn't that kind of story. It's also not a harem fic. It's Percy and Artemis, which won't happen until a time in between TC and BotL. I have it all planned out already, at least in terms of the relationship. I'm making up the rest of the story as I go, for the most part, aside from some basic guidelines that I created at the start. So, my update schedule. I already have twenty thousand words done, and so I'll be posting today, tomorrow, Thursday, and Friday. If I have the fifth chapter finished by then, and there's a pretty good chance that I will, then I'll post it on Saturday. If you're enjoying the story, follow and/or favorite, and review to tell me what you like. If you notice any errors or just don't like the story, please review and tell me your concerns.