a few minutes" she said. Right on time, Athena, Poseidon, and Ares came. "I only came because of my son," Ares said before switching aspects to Mars. "We have something to tell you guys." Athena told them, she then went on explaining the prophecy." "Does that mean I'm going to die?" Poseidon immediately shook his head no. "No prophecy aren't straight forward," he said before an serous looking Mars spoke. "In the USA there are two camps Roman and Greek right, they were never supposed to met because of a rivalry, you guys will meet more and more demigods both Roman and Greek and you will create your own camp." He said, and the demigods looked shocked. "We are her to become Patrons of this camp, that needs a name still," "Umm," Annabeth asked "Half blood?" "Taken, and don't name it after a god please or after what you are, name it after what you want the camp to be," Poseidon explained "Elysium!" Leo said exactly "we want it to be the best camp ever, so name it after what all demigods wants after they die! So it's be like they died and came to Elysium, not Literally!" Piper slowly started nodding, so did Frank then everyone agreed. "I love the name," Piper said and Leo grinned toothily. "Alright, time to bless it." Athena said "we have to do it over time or the other gods get suspicious," She explainned. Her hands glowed for a few seconds before she stopped the others did the same thing. "All right, Poseidon will train first, while we cover then it's Mars turn, after Hephaestus, then me and Athena," Aphrodite said she waved good bye as slowly one by one the gods flashed away until Poseidon was left. "Okay I'm just here to help with the abilities, and some defence." He snapped and a cup of water appeared along with some targets. "Annabeth doesn't actually have an official ability but she can outsmart everything, Percy will be practicing moving the water around, Frank practice turning into the animal on the flashcards," He gave them to Annabeth. "Annabeth is my assistant, so she's in charge of you during practice, Leo practice hitting the target with fire while I'll talk to Piper." Poseidon sat down with her on the ground. Piper was slightly nervous of having a god interview her. "Piper you have a rare ability, it is to charmspeak, it's like being able to get anyone to do anything using your voice. During this your voice becomes very honeyed and sweet sounding." He explained, before handing her a book "A gift from you mother on this ability. You have a minor one what you can't really use too much. You have an ability to change you appearance, all demigods of your mother can do this to a degree." He said before standing up. "It's really hard you have to envision what you want to look like for a while, in the beginning you can change the tiniest of things, like your eye colour, right now you should be able to change your hair colour," Poseidon guessed "Try a darker brown." He said. She did it. The rest of the week she was practicing changing her hair colour, and tried charmspeaking for the first time, she asked Leo to help her and he nodded. When she told him to wave hi, his eyes glassed over a bit and he waved. The next week Mars came over, after a while of looking over Piper's figure in a scientific way. He told Piper to use a dagger or hunting knives, and to practice throwing knives. Percy got His Precious Riptide, Annabeth a dagger, Leo a pair of Hammers from his tool belt, and Frank had a bow for distance and his magically animal powers. Mars spent the next week pointing out flaws and way to fix them, Piper has never felt so sore after kicking dummying with her legs and knees, and consistently blocking punches for Frank. Frank had grown several inches and Piper's days of being the tallest were over. He taught everyone how to fight like Greek and Roman. Roman training was a bunch tougher, they had to work altogether and it is a bit chaotic. Life was good then it happened .:. Hades found them out. He had been angry about the broken oath, but ended up with a compromise, he wouldn't kill Percy, and he won't have five angry gods on him. "Why do you defend your rival?" He asked Athena after she and the god threaten war. "We forgiven each other, Triton even forgives me for accidentally killing his daughter, even if it was Zeus' fault. After all these year he finally decides I'm an worthy of being a daughter then he accidentally kills my best friend, I forgiven him for the whole Athens thing" Athena told him stoically. Hades told them that later he would bless their camp and become a patron if they save his children from the casino. Long time ago, Zeus had tried and to kill them and their mother, he succeed in killing the mother, afterward he placed them in the casino they slows down time for them and speeds it up for the rest of the world. In the meantime they trained. It ends in a slightly cliffie, I guess. I'm not sure if I'm going to make this into a story but hey let me know if you want it to be a story. Also Fun fact I juts found an author with over 335 sooooo... and they started writing a decade ago and is still writing today. Cool Some of the characters are a bit OOC, I know. Yes and some of the timelines are a bit off but it's close enough, some characters are older than the original series. I'm keep the original ships and make a few other side ones. Words: 9,171 Date: please check publish date if you do not know. :b