taking that "Pen" now." Percy said haughtily. He kicked Annabeth away as she ran at him again and knelt down. Prying Anaklusmos from Henry's fingers. Whispering "I, Perseus am your new master now." In Ancient Greek, causing the Sword to glow bright green before turning into a pen which Percy pocketed quickly. He span around and stabbed Annabeth in the thigh as she ran at him with her toothpick once more. "Honestly, you need a better weapon. A toothpick like that won't do you any good." He said, shaking his head and stepping over the demigoddess as he turned his weapons back to ring form and fixed his hair, returning it to its combed up look. Perseus walked away, in search of a skyscraper who's roof he can watch the demigod's quest from until they leave the city. Percy thought about his time powers as he climbed flight after flight of stairs. 'They're best used when I slow time down by a small increment for those around me making myself seem much even faster than I already am. I could do that for an entire day and feel only average strain. Then, slow time down like I did today for only a few seconds at tough spots in battle. Like when they're mid punch I could slow time, take a few good breaths, and grab their arm. Then put time back to normal, redirect their punch away and use the momentum to drive a hard cross to their jaw, knocking them unconscious. I'd feel nearly nominal strain after that. Much better than now.' Percy was right, he was sweating from that size of an exertion of his power. He'd have to control it more around demigods. And stopping time completely for more than a second was enough to sweat through a t-shirt. Percy reached the top of the building just as he finished his little debate in his head. There he took out Anaklusmos and looked it over. It was a celestial bronze blade that was about 3 feet long. It had a perfect grip and felt perfectly balanced in Percy's hand. He'd never felt a sword so perfectly balanced. His skill with a sword would be nearly doubled by using this sword. "Ahahahahahaha, and dad thought I was good with swords before!" Perseus laughed to himself as he gave Riptide a few test swings. 'This is going to be a wonderful week. "Henry, eat some ambrosia. It'll heal your wound." Annabeth insisted, her leg wound already healing itself after a few squares of Ambrosia. "Yeah, easy for you to say. You didn't get shanked through the fucking shoulder! He twisted his spear and pulled it out! Fucking sadistic bastard I tell you, fucking sadistic!" Henry swore, trying to hold back tears from the pain. "Yeah, I got stabbed through the damn thigh so shut the fuck up. Now eat! If you don't then we'll be here for months!" Annabeth ordered. Eventually Henry gave in. "Thank you." Annabeth finally breathed as she sat down. She watched the boy eat his squares of Ambrosia as she thought about the golden eyed boy. 'He really is the handsomest guy I've ever seen, makes Luke look ugly.' She thought, a dreamy look appearing in her eyes. 'No! He's the enemy! He's... he's ugly, and arrogant, and... malevolent. Yeah, malevolent.' Annabeth decided. 'Hottest malevolent enemy I've ever seen.' Her subconscious insisted. 'Shut up!' She thought, she couldn't be thinking like this. She had a quest to complete and a mom to impress. Hey guys! So yeah... this is a third story I'm working on now. Woops? ahah... shit. Sorry, I just recently read "Legacy" by PD11 and I had to make this story. It's not gonna be a copy of her story at all! In fact, it's gonna be completely different. I just couldn't get the idea of Percy as a Son of Kronos out of my head! And evil Percy is something I've always loved... almost as good as Evil harry. No, it won't be Percy/Annabeth. It'll probably be either Percy/Zoe or Percy/Bianca. I'm kind of partial to the latter though... "Recovery" was one of my favorite fics before I quit fanfic for a while and focused everything on my wife, daughter and money. And yes... I am a money hungry capitalist. Damn proud of it too. lol Anyways, I hope you guys like this story too. I'm not sure if it has as much potential as either of my other fics but it's something I've wanted to write for a long ass time now. Sorry if you're offended by all the swearing but to be honest, I couldn't fucking care less. My friends and I talked like that since we were about 11 so that's how I'm gonna write this. Also, every time I write something like "frig" I think I feel the three piece set shrink a little, so yeah, none of that. Anyways, review! I fucking love reviews! After reading the reviews on my story about Percy being the Son of Jupiter I've decided to prioritize that story of this one and Perseus: The God of the Absence of Light for a little while. At least until I get it past 60k words. Which will take about three chapters so don't worry lol. Anyways. I hope you have a good day. Oooooh! Yeah, one more thing. This story won't have the long ass chapters I'm so loved for. Yeah, some might be like 7k every once in a while but they'll probably average at about 4-5k... so pretty tiny. My God of the Absence of Light story is around 5-6k for now but once we get into the good shit I'll be up to more like 8-10 or so. Love how 4-5 is tiny as fuck to me lol. Btw, I didn't edit this. And I typed it mad quick. So there's probably gonna be hella errors. Now! Anyways, I hope you have a good day . Word Count: 4,081