So if you will an arrow to appear as just imperial gold then it will. You choose what the arrow is made of. Electricity? Or Imperial gold. Each shot can be one or the other. Also you can make up to ten appear on the string if you get good enough to accurately shoot that many." Lupa stated. Then I willed the bow to turn back into a coin before flipping it and making it turn to tails and when it did a six foot hasta appeared with a leaf shaped tip. This confused Jason. "Percy why would you want a leaf shaped tip and not an arrow head like tip?" He asked. "Well, for starters I can slice, hack, and cut with it that way. Also I can stab deeper and I don't have to pull hard to get it back out. Also this way it'll fly straighter." I answered honestly. Jason just shrugged. "Good job Percy. Now I want you all to eat a large dinner and do your workouts then I want you to wash off in the river and prepare for advanced training tomorrow. 8 Months later: 3rd Person POV: Percy's nine and a half Jason's seven and a three months: Lupa's camp: "You two are far more well trained than legionnaires that had about two or three years of experience. So you two are really ahead of the game. I'll send a letter to the Praetor, Cassidy to adopt you two as sons of Jupiter should not have anything but the best for teachers and inheritance. The other Praetor, Jeremy his name is has Jupiter as great grand father. His grandpa is Harry S. Truman the president of the U.S. during WWII and his dad is Clifton Truman Who was the centurion of the first cohort and the praetor who retired about 15 years ago before a boy named David took over before Jeremy took office a year ago. He's a legacy and he barely holds any of Jupiter's powers bar a small control of lightning and wind. Cassidy is a daughter of Ceres. She's surprisingly powerful. You will go to New Rome. You'll feel the tug of it. It's west. You'll have to fight monsters and such. It usually take about six months to get there. If you get there much faster you should just stay near the entrance until it's been at least four months for if you get there faster they will think you are too much of a threat to New Rome, far too powerful. And they will treat you badly and try to keep you out of powerful positions." She said to Percy and Jason. "Now go." She said. "Okay, see you sometime again Lupa?" Jason said. "Possibly, I come by every once in a while. So yes, probably." She said in their minds as she was in her wolf form now as she had to go greet another child. "Great! Talk to you then Lupa." Percy said before he flipped August forming his Gladius and Jason did the same before they took off into the woods heading west. AN: Yes! Finally, I am uploading this story! I've had this chapter laying around for a few weeks now and I decided that I need to have a 100% Percy Jackson story on my profile. I mean I love the book and my other story is a crossover with Supernatural so I gotta get a story out that's only Percy. You see, I'll probably post this story more on the side after I get the first five chapters out of the way within the next couple weeks as I have large openings in my weeks. Since fortunately not much has been going on that I need to stay later for and I don't have Taekwondo three times a week anymore as the competition ended and I got 2nd place wooo! However I'm still gonna be very active in other things but that's four more hours each week that I have open so I'll be able to update two more chapter each week most likely so that's what I'll do. For those of you who never read my other story well... I want to say I recommend it however I don't. You see it's a crossover and if you're looking at this you might not watch "Supernatural" which is an amazing TV show that I suggest you guys check out however I don't know. Also the plot is so weird and it keeps changing and the beginning sucks sooo bad. Reviews are LOVED! If you like the story then tell me why. If you tell me why I can then add more of that in and such. Like if you say you love the plot but hate how Jason is getting put in the backpack then you tell me that and I'll beef him up. Maybe I'll give him some powers that they didn't really spotlight in Canon from Juno like the ability to resist mind control and things like it. Or I could give him a blessing from a wind god or something so that his aerokinesis is at least almost on par with Percy's. Things such as that. So that's my recommendations to you, however I want recommendations from you, so review! PS. don't feel like I'm ordering you to review. I just really love reviews. Even if you want to tell me to kill myself. I'll still read it. However if you want me to kill myself well, I won't but if it's a creative enough way to tell me off then I'll reply for sure lol. Also I'll reply to any comment bar ones that are telling me to kill myself as it's kind of hard to reply to that. Any other kinds of hate I will reply to as well along with pretty much anything else even if you just say "Cool story." I'll reply. Because I'm a tiny author. NO ONE knows about me. [9,911 words]