Perseus was tired, he was getting worn out after defending against both of his siblings at once for the past two hours. He saw his brother go up a tree but had no time to think about that as he was met with a blur of silver in front of him. He relied on his defensive form of combat. Quick blocks, keeping his elbows close to his body and relying on economy of motion to limit the amount of energy he expended on his little sister. After about thirty seconds of this Artemis landed a glancing blow to his thigh in a last ditch effort to wound her eldest brother. The desperate lunge drew some ichor and made her brother stutter-step but it allowed him to land a solid jab to her left shoulder. That stutter-step was what Apollo was waiting for and he leapt down to his sister's aid. Attacking his brother from behind. Perseus quickly sidestepped to get both of his siblings in front of him however his speed was slightly less than before due to the light cut on his thigh and the intense close quarters battle he had just had with his sister. The battle quickly evolved from silver and gold hunters attacking a dark cloaked man with knives to a gold and silver blur whirling around a blurry black figure clashing constantly. The endless cacophony of metal clashing against metal permeated the entire forest. Eventually the silver blur was caught with a powerful roundhouse from the black blur. Stopping both in their tracks. A quick knee to the face and Artemis was unconscious. Just as this happened Apollo hit the black blur's wrist with the side of his hunting knife and followed it up with a kick to the back of the knee. Perseus fell to the ground weaponless. Quickly Apollo had both knives against his older brother's neck. He was grinning like a fool and the dark figure looked up with a face beaming with pride. Apollo helped his brother to his feet and they shook hands. "Well Percy, looks like we finally got the better of you. It looks like we found out what it take to take down the eldest son of Leto!" Exclaimed Apollo. The newly identified Perseus just grinned, "You're almost all grown up now. I have much more to teach you two about archery and you about swordplay, however, I'm going to need to rest for the rest of the day for my initiation tomorrow. When you sister awakens tell her what happened. I'll be back at the palace." Perseus grinned at his brother again before disappearing into a shadow Apollo could have sworn wasn't there a minute ago. Perseus, or as his siblings were taking to calling him "Percy," took off his hunting cloak and set it on the washing line that ran from his room to his mother's. His cloak was soaked with sweat. Percy got into more comfortable garb after rinsing off in the tub and walked to his bed. 'I need to work on my switching from defense to offense. It's in that little bit of time where I'm always caught with something.' Percy thought to himself. He closed his eyes and slept on it. Little did he know he'd get the answer to his little fighting style issue that night. Though where it came from, he wouldn't learn for another millennia or so. In the center of the Milky Way galaxy sat an immensely powerful being and his wife. The man had his eyes closed but opened them slowly, a grin slowly splitting across his face. "What did you see? Has he been utilizing his powers again? I think he should be getting his domains tomorrow right?" Asked the female entity. Her elegant dress of darkness flowing with the pull of the gravity of the supermassive black hole behind them. The man smiled at his wife. "Yes, yes he is. Young Perseus is just as I had imagined, strong, handsome, skilled, and highly intelligent. The perfect champion. And yes, he's getting his domains tomorrow. If I were to guess I'd say he'll get combat and knowledge along with darkness." The pitch black man postulated. "Hmm, I agree. He is quite the warrior is he not? Much like you Erebus, much like you." She said with a grin. "Yes Nyx, I agree wholeheartedly. He is perfect, through him I will exert my will on the Earth. And through me he shall have the power to take the very Olympian throne from his father if he so wishes." Erebus stated with a grand smile on his face. "I think that tonight I'll appear in his dreams as a disembodied voice, I'll help him with his little swordplay style dilemma." Erebus decided. "We may have just gotten that son we always wanted." Nyx said with a wistful smile on her face. Erebus simply cocked an eyebrow at his beautiful wife. He looked happy for the time being, however if he looked deep into the galaxy he was at the center of he'd see his twin in the center of a massive star having similar thoughts but about Apollo instead of Perseus. AN: Alright guys, how'd you like it? Personally I love this story. I just hate the beginning hahaha. Once the story gets rolling relationships will be explained and everything will be a lot more detailed. So please review. Your thoughts will be greatly appreciated. By the way, I haven't had much free time in the past... well, year due to my child and wife. That along with my business ventures really clogged up my time. I've officially given my first story "Perseus: The Imperfect Perfect Child" to my little cousin... who basically wrote that story in the first place. I'll switch between this story and my other one. If you wanna give me shit for being gone so long well, here's my preemptive answer. Fuck off. Money and family take priority over Fanfiction. Word count: 5,045