love her. "Oh, God, have you seen Percy today? I swear he grew taller over the summer!" "Yeah, I kinda… heard him arguing with McKinley on the car park just earlier." "Really?" Rachel asked, smiling brightly. I forgot to mention. Rachel is in love with Jackson. I always thought it was ridiculous, seeing he didn't even know we exist. Rachel used to have a crush on Luke Castellan. Then she learned I have a crush on him. So, yeah… She switched ways. "Girls at the back… can you please pay attention?" drawled Mrs. Fad. I stifled another giggle. • My day was slow. I really needed to relax. I was itching to finish my draft at home. I was feeling anxious as I walk up to our cafeteria table, carrying a tray of apple, milk and a sandwich. Our table was almost full. I was really glad my friends didn't change that much over the summer. Piper McLean's still wonderful. She's this girl who likes to trim her hair by herself, every month, with a Garfield scissors. I guessed she wants to downplay her looks but you can always tell it's not working. One look in her kaleidoscopic eyes then you're lost. Even Piper doesn't even know her own distinct eye color; it just changes every second. Or sometimes, it just depends if it's either the sun or the moon her eyes are reflecting. You know what I mean? She's dating a guy named Jason. He's in the football team, I guessed. Hazel Levesque (I love her surname; it sounded cool) is the youngest. She has chocolate skin and pretty brown curls that blends with her amber eyes. I don't know why my friends got all the mesmerizing-eyes-glory. What I meant to say was, I'm contented with my look, but I don't know why they're always mistaking my grey eyes with blue. And then, that's just it; I'm the stereotypical Californian. I know I am really from Cali but hey, I'm not the dumb-giggly type. I wasn't even sure where that idea came from! I mean, can everybody stop judging and discriminating people just because of their looks? It's unfair. Anyway, there's also Frank Zhang, our Asian friend. He's shy. I don't know why. There's nothing to be shy of. It's just us. And then, there's Leo Valdez. He's the clown here. The one who can make us all laugh out loud, even me. I'm not the happy-giddy type; I am usually a sad, sad person. I mean, I'm introverted and withdrawn, so it's either I like you or you are such a nice or funny person if I laugh at you—not in the mean way. There's also Silena Beauregard, Piper's step sis. She's a senior, and is dating Charles Beckendorf, also a senior. I was very glad they mingle with us, sophomores. So yeah, Charlie's African-American. He's my sort of big brother here in school, aside from Butch. Butch is in my Drummers' Troop. Then there's Rachel, of course... And then, Juni, our environmentalist. She wants to be one someday, I mean. Juni is having a fling with a guy whose name starts with letter G. George? Greg? Whatever. But he's on the swim team. Oh, I remember. I think he's named Grover. "How's class?" Piper asked, getting my apple. "As usual," I say. "How's life? Love?" "Oh, yeah. That." Piper's face fell. Oh. Sore point. Did I hit a nerve? "What?" I asked. "Nothing," she glanced a bit at the back. Definitely a sore point. "How's Jason and you?" She wrinkled her nose. " 'Kay," " 'Kay?" She nodded sullenly, " 'Kay," "Not that obvious, huh," I raised an eyebrow. Then Silena piped in, "They had a row," "You had?" I asked, confirming. Piper sighed, "Yeah, yeah," "Well, then. Fix it up," "It's not that easy, Miss Optimistic," "Sure, it is," She sighed, "You're just saying that cuz you don't have a boyfriend yet. Wait. Do you have one already?" "Nah," I smiled. "No one," "Still in love with your blue prints, huh," Silena mocked. "I know!" I said, laughing. "No—Annabeth, seriously.—" Piper took off my glasses—"You should go out. With someone." I blinked with the sudden blurriness. "Huh," I took my glasses back. "Y'know," Silena said, "You're a cutie," I snorted. "Really!" she said, "When will you take your braces off?" I thought about that for a while. "Next month," "Hallelujah!" Piper exclaimed, "And when will you wear contacts?" "I don't know…Next…" my voice trailed off as I caught something in my peripheral vision. Well… someone. Silena giggled. "He's not dating anyone now," "What?" "Luke's not dat—" I scowled. "Just ask him out! You're a cutie! And—'you're a strong independent woman,'" She said, quoting someone from a movie she loved. "Just try to be friendly and, uh, you know, flirty." She added with a wink. "Silena, you know I couldn't afford to have those flings right now. It's my competition and those are just distractions," " Your competition, huh," she sipped her soda. They also knew about the competition. "I like the teen spirit. Anyway, you're just saying that cuz you haven't been in love," I rolled my eyes. "I would want to see you fall in love, Annabeth Chase," Silena mused. I raised an eyebrow. "You sound like someone I read," "Really? Is that cool? It is, right?" "I suppose so," I smiled. They laughed and I joined in. I was talking and laughing with them the rest of the hour. But the truth was, my mind was stuck in something Silena had said. I would want to see you fall in love, Annabeth Chase. My eyes fell almost unconsciously at the table far away, just across the cafeteria. And as I watched him laugh at a joke probably told by one of his buddies, I couldn't help but hope a bit. But somehow, I found myself really wondering. Hearts were fragile, that's what I've always thought. And I didn't want to receive yet a scar.