an hour ago, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, stood before the counsel. She glanced at Andrey, smiling at her. Andrey's body tensed, and Leo's hand flew to his hammer. But Rachel didn't seem to want to kill Andrey anymore, so they both relaxed. "Andrey is right. Despite the strange mishap with her just an hour ago, I did bring her here because she is extremely important to the quest at hand. I got visions just a few months ago, telling me that the quest of seven is, in fact, a quest of nine." The whole room, including Andrey, looked at her in shock. "I got a new prophecy, in addition to the prophecy of seven, stating so." "So you're telling me that the prophecy of seven is a prophecy of nine , and you had known this for a few months and didn't tell us? And then brought a girl here because she's one of the additions to the prophecy? And you didn't tell us ?" Clarisse exclaimed, but Rachel just looked at her with a smirk on her face. "Yes. I obviously couldn't tell you until I got Andrey here, or there would be a huge debate on who got to go, even though the prophecy says different." "So what does the addition to the prophecy say?" Annabeth asked. "The prophecy states: Before there were seven, now there are nine, The Prophecy at hand now inclines: One, who was met in a dream, A daughter of Poseidon now added to the seam: Yet this one is not how she seems. The curse of Aphrodite leaves a target on her head, Leaving one of the nine dead: And one, who will bring light upon the quest, A Daughter of Apollo who will bring peace upon the rest: To achieve the goal of closing the doors of death. " Everyone sat on the edges of their seats, hanging at Rachel's every word. When she finished, everyone stared at each other in shock, repeatedly glancing at Andrey, trying to interpret the prophecy in their heads, and Andrey's involvement. "So, you're saying that you found the daughter of Poseidon , who is cursed by Aphrodite , of all people, but you haven't found one simple Apollo demigod yet?" Clarisse demanded to Rachel. "Well, you'd be surprised how hard it is nowadays to find demigods. Especially one that is a pyrokinetic." "Pyrofanetic?" Connor Stoll asked. Rachel rolled her eyes. "Pyrokinetic. It's the power of controlling fire. Our friend Leo here has it, and it can be possessed by children of both Hephaestus and Apollo." "How do you know that the Apollo kid in the prophecy has it?" Connor's twin, Travis, asked. "The mention of bringing light upon the quest. I've been thinking about the prophecy for a long time-" Clarisse snorted, presumably about Rachel knowing about the prophecy before-hand, "and I've been able to interpret most of the hidden meanings in the prophecy, except for some minor details." Her eyes darted quickly to Andrey, and then back to the Counsel. "That's all fine and good, but can Andrey please explain why the prophecy states that she has a curse of Aphrodite? Cause the Aphrodite cabin would like to be informed." Asked Piper McNeal, the Aphrodite cabin leader. Leo looked down at Andrey, whose eyes were trained to the ground. "Well, it means that I have a curse from Aphrodite on me. No big deal. It doesn't really mean much." She said, all too quickly. Piper looked at her with suspicion. "My mom never puts a curse on someone for no reason. And her curses are never a 'no big deal', either. She's mental, but she's my mom." Andrey looked up at Piper, with spite in her eyes. "Well then maybe you should ask your mom, cause I'm sure as hell not giving children of Aphrodite my back story." Andrey snapped. Piper didn't give Andrey a look of anger, just suspicion, and sat back down. "Fine. All I'm saying is that if it puts one of us in danger, it's on you." A flash of rage crossed Andrey's face, but, for a moment, Leo could've sworn he saw a look of sadness flash in Andrey's eyes. "It won't, so keep your thoughts to yourself." Percy cleared his throat. "So, is everyone fine with Andrey continuing on as apart of the nine?" Everyone slowly nodded, even Clarisse and Piper. "Good. Now all we need to do is find the child of Apollo." "Yeah, cause the Daughter of Apollo's just going to fall right out of the sky-" Andrey started sarcastically, and then there was a sudden crash right outside the Big Four, accompanied by a jolt of the house. Andrey looked up at Leo with confusion, and the counsel rushed outside to find Apollo's prized possession, his convertible car sun chariot, crashed right into the side of the Big Four. A tall girl, with pale skin - which was patched with black marks from soot - and golden blonde hair stumbled out of the car. "Holy Zeus." She said, staring at the car and running her right hand through her wild hair, "Dad's gonna kill me!" Will Solace, the Apollo cabin leader, looked at the girl with confusion and frustration. "No shit Sherlock. That's his favourite car!" The girl turned to him, with anger in her eyes. "Well you're not exactly helping by standing there, you dipshit!" The girl yelled at Will, and everybody gasped. Will rolled his eyes. "Guys, meet Alina, daughter of Apollo." Leo turned to Andrey. "You didn't tell me you were psychic." "Oh shut up." Andrey replied, punching him in the arm. Alina stumbled towards the group. "Oh my god, you're on fire!" Piper exclaimed, and Alina just looked down to her arm, which was engulfed in flames. "Eh, don't worry about it. It doesn't hurt, or burn. It just kind of… sits there." She said, with a smile. "Our lives are seriously crazy." Leo muttered, looking down at Andrey. She nodded in agreement.