a person and not through stories. But she smiled a tiny bit, glad that people kept the statue around and that they still remember him. As the day went on, Hazel was itching to hold Leo's hand. She could tell that he was constantly brushing his hand against her. So did he want to hold her hand as much as she wanted him to? They were sitting on a hill, near one of the statues, and looking across the valley. The sun was starting to set and the air was starting to get cooler. Leo looked at Hazel as she looked across the valley. Sunset made her skin glow a nice color. He wanted to hold her hand, but was too afraid to do so. He didn't want rush anything. But he was dying to. "I think we should head back to Festus." Leo told her. He got up and offered her his hand. She took it and got up, holding his hand longer than normal. Leo didn't protest, so they walked together, hand in hand. They walked for a while, soaking in that they were holding hands. Untalked feelings were finally being shown. As they walked, getting closer to the town, they felt the ground shake. Their heads shot to the right and saw a statue, that came to life, destroying parts of the town. "That's Vulcan." Hazel whispered. "Well a statue of him." "So my dad is destroying a town. Great." He dropped her hand. They rushed over to the statue, Leo with his hammer ready to go and Hazel with her sword. The two of them fighting side by side together for the first time in a while. And they were out of practice. Leo tried to cover Hazel as much as he could without getting himself hurt. Leo was starting to get annoyed with this statue. It wasn't tall, his body proportion was all out of whack. His legs were short, as tall as Leo, but his upper chest area was about three feet longer and wider than his legs. How it stayed balanced, Leo had no clue. He blasted fire at the statue, hoping that it would stop or at least slow it down. But it did little effect on it. He wished that his statue was made of metal, then at least he could melt the joints. With slight frustration he let out another fireball, not knowing that Hazel was close to it until he heard her scream. He stood there in shock before he noticed that Vulcan was about to step on her. With a shout, he ran towards the statue, not thinking just rage. He didn't want Vulcan to hurt Hazel, he just wanted him destroyed. When Leo came to, he was surrounded by pebbles and dust. He looked around and saw Hazel lying on the ground, unconscious. He ran over to her, almost tripping multiple times in the process. He knelt over Hazel's body, making sure that she was breathing and not badly injured. There were burn marks on her arm that were second degree, almost third degree burns. Her face was cut up, probably from the rubble that fell as Leo destroyed the statue. "Hazel...Hazel can you hear me?" Leo asked, as she fiddled through his tool belt to find nectar or ambrosia to help her wounds. She didn't move and that worried him. He found nectar and carefully dripped a few drops into her mouth. Cuts on her face were starting to heal. But the burns were still there and pretty bad. She still wasn't up but she was still breathing. Carefully, he picked her up and walked her back to Festus, hoping someone could help him. Walking there wasn't the problem, it was his arms. They were getting tired from the fighting and carrying her. But he was able to make it there, with the hope that she was going to be okay. No one seemed to be back yet, so he carefully placed her on her bed. She looked a bit better, minor cuts were healed and there was color in her cheeks. He went through this tool belt and pulled out an ace bandage with burn cream. Ever so carefully, he spread some burn cream on her arm and wrapped the ace bandage around it. He hoped that this would suffice. She let out a small groan and Leo's heart lept. Hazel was okay. "Hazel, it's me. Can you hear me?" He asked, wanting to make sure that he didn't damage anything else. "Leo?" She groaned. "What happened?" He took her good hand. "I shot fire and accidentally burned you. The Vulcan was destroyed and the rocks might have fell on you." "And I'm not dead." She stated. "No. You're okay." Leo slightly smiled. "You're alive and safe. I've given you nectar to help you heal better." "Thanks Leo." She smiled weakly at him. Leo smiled and kissed her cheek. As he backed away, something inside of him made him want to go back for more. It was a feeling of "now or never". So he leaned in and gently placed a kiss on her lips. He thought he was flying. Her lips were so soft and tasted like cherry, probably from her lip gloss. But he really enjoyed the two seconds that his lips were on hers. He wanted to keep them there forever. Hazel was blushing furiously as she looked at him. Her hero, her friend, her Leo, kissed her. All those feelings that were thick in the air were finally addressed. Leo was smiling as he saw her blush. He was happy that she liked the kiss as much as he did. "Um, so, how are you feeling?" Leo asked. "Better." Hazel replied as he took her hand. She squeezed it, filled with hope as her feelings settled in. Hazel Levesque loved Leo Valdez, not Sammy Valdez. She loved Leo the elfish latino who can burst into flames and stole her heart Valdez.