was next. "Hey, Perce, my blessing will make you run fast, but since you can fly now, it'll make you fly faster. But, since you have Athena's blessing, it'll make your thinking alot faster too. Also, if you want to hang out, give me a call." Hermes said, placing his arm on Percy's shoulder, gave him his blessing and flashed out. Aphrodite came up to Percy and gave him her blessing, which of course, changed his appearance, and made him alot more badass. Percy was now in a dark hood with the the moon on it with a sea-green outline, black pants with silver arrows on it as design and they glowed in the dark, just like the moon. He also had a cape on, which was black and had the symbol of Artemis, which was a silver bow with a silver arrow loaded and the moon was behind it. Everything about Percy was more defined, his eyes, his body, and his hair. Percy also noticed two katanas on his back, both were silver and black. the scabbards were silver, sea-green, and black. "As you know, I changed your appearance, everything is more defined. You have your guardian clothes and a cap that is basically invincible. You're unable to be controlled by charmspeak, even by me. And you can tell if someone is being genuine with their feelings." Aphrodite explained. "What about the katanas?" Percy asked. "Oh, they were mine, but I don't need them anymore. They're unbreakable and are very deadly." Aphrodite said with a smile before quickly giving an apology about Annabeth before flashing out, before Percy can ask if she knew how to fight. Percy scratched the back of his head before turning towards the next person, Hephaestus. Hephaestus sent a beam at him, then explained his powers. "You'll be able to control fire like Leo, but since your the champion of Hestia, it'll further increase that instead. And here." He gave Percy a ring, which made him confused. "Twist the center ring." And Percy did that and it transformed into a silver and black bow. "It's just like Anaklusmos, it'll return to you if you lose it and every time you pull the string back, an arrow will always appear. Also, if you need something you need, just ask me and I'll build it, consider it a gift for saving my boy." Hephaestus said before flashing out. Finally Apollo came up to Percy with a sunny grin, and gave Percy with his blessing. "First off, my blessing will help you with your archery and enable you to heal others. Also, you'll be able to get powers from the sun and utilize the sun to your advantage, plus it'll further increase you fire powers, making it stronger when the sun is out. And last but not least, you can now sing alot better and you can write haikus like me!" Apollo said before trying to make an haiku, but Artemis shut him up. Poseidon went to Percy before hugging him and giving him his blessing. "Since your are my son, my blessing will further increase your powers, but also you'll be able to vapor and water travel. You can also turn yourself into water while staying in your human shape, although, that'll take alot of energy from you. You can summon water from basically anywhere. It'll also further increase your hurricane's power and enable you to summon tsunamis and further increase the magnitude of your earthquakes. Also, here." Poseidon said as he tossed a necklace at Percy, whom caught it and it transformed into two arm blades. (Arm Blades - My Version - Vambraces that have a blade curved towards the user, but the blades can also move so that the blade are curved away from the user and is used in many unorthodox fighting styles.) Percy thought that it looked cool and he liked how he didn't need to put them on when he called for it, and turned them back into a necklace. Poseidon gave his son a quick hug and a thumbs up before flashing out, leaving it to just Percy, Hades, Hestia, and Artemis. Hestia and Hades gave him hugs and good lucks before flashing out. Percy sighed before turning to Artemis and looked at her with a little bit of fear. She had this grin on her face like when she would hunt her prey, she was the predator and he was the prey, he quickly gave the gods and any other higher being there was a quick plea about surviving the first 10 minutes in the hunt. Artemis spoke out causing Percy's thoughts to derail. "Well Perseus, it's just you and me." Artemis said it with a sinister tone in her voice causing Percy to have a cold shiver run up his spine. She grabbed Percy and both flashed to camp. Well, That Took Longer Than Expected To Type This, But I Don't Mind, So First Chapter Of My Second Story. Like In The AU I Recently Put Up On My First Story, I'll Be Focusing On This Story. Sorry If There Is Any Grammar Mistakes In Their Or Anyone Is OOC. Anyways, I'll Try Uploading A New Chapter Every Other Couple Of Days. So, How Did I Do? Did It Suck? Was It Great? Tell Me Your Opinion In The Review Section. This Is Pertemis, But It Won't Be Their Love Won't Be That Quick, I'm Trying To Develop Their Relationship, So It Doesn't Seem Rushed. Sorry If I Copied Anyones Idea, I Had No Intention To Plagiarize Anyones Fanfiction Work, So Sorry If I Copied Someone, That Goes For The Rest Of The Story. This Takes Place DURING CHAPTER 2, Which Means It Takes Place When They Call Percy When He Is Outside With The Minor Gods, So Read That Part Then Comeback Here. Anyways, This Is Oxus With Chapter 1 Of Alternate Outcomes, And I Hope You Enjoyed It And I'll See You In The Next Chapter... BYE!