forced back down to resupply. When they transition to one of the playgrounds, the verticality of the environment forces an entirely different approach to their contest. But the most impressive battleground is created when she chases down the hero to the shore once again. After pelting him in the back with a few shots, Percy laughs and collapses, kneeling to the ground. Before she can take advantage, though, he sweeps his arms high above his head. In a completely frivolous use of his innate powers, he somehow sculpts the entire landscape into a labyrinthic series of corridors and gates and corners. There, it's a hunt, alternating cat and mouse. One particularly spectacular tussle happens when she retreats into a corner, thinking it safe. Instead, the walls fall in on her as her opponent ploughs straight through them, whooping as he does so. The second time that happens, she counter-ambushes him by dodging and planting his face into the next wall, before taking off laughing. Eventually they're back at the lake, thoroughly worn out. At least, she assumes Percy is worn out, as he retreats over the ice to create a wall she doesn't dare attempt to bypass. After a minute of a few half-hearted shots, he interrupts the tense standoff. "Truce?" "Truce," she agrees. But she can't resist sending one last missile at his face as the ice wall comes down. It splatters into slush right across the bridge of his nose, and Artemis giggles when he coughs in shock. He wipes his face clean. "I deserved that." "Yes, you did," she assents. She steps onto the frozen lake surface once more. "I enjoyed myself, though, Perseus, so thank you. And how do you know how to control snow?" "You're welcome." As she makes her way to him, the sheet cracks, and she slips, falling into his arms once again. Artemis blushes uncontrollably - she should have recovered her balance, but their snowball fight exhausted her more than she could have believed. Or perhaps that was their conversation that did that? "You're welcome for that too," Percy chuckles. "Again. But let me just make sure that doesn't happen again." He lets her distance herself again as a look of concentration passes over his face. The ice reforms, to which he comments, "No sudden movements and we should be fine. And - and this is just something I picked up. Better than some other things I've tried to control." Percy shakes off the remaining snow from his clothing, "Going back a bit, though. I have a question for you now." "Hm?" They're face to face, only a foot apart. He looks … different, and Artemis isn't sure what makes it so. Something with the eyes … or the clothing … something. "If my choices do matter, then why can't gods change?" The question turns her world upside down. "Let's see about that," she whispers. Her blood is molten, and the vapor from her breath pulses with the dancing moonlight. "Wha?" Percy leans in, turning his ear closer. "Didn't catch that." The steam of their breath mingles. Gradually, with her silver eyes locked on his green eyes, she discards her jacket and lets it fade into nothing. The ichor is rushing far too hot within her veins. The material of her tunic flashes in her light as the goddess brings up her arms. He doesn't move, locked into place as she gently lays her hands upon his shoulders. "Dance with me." He's frowning, and his brow furrows. "Bu-" She interrupts. "The others are having their dance. Why shouldn't we?" The hero still hesitates, so she speaks again. "This is my favor. My request." "Pushy, pushy," Percy snarks, but the hint of a smile is back on his lips. His hands find their way to her hips, oddly reminiscent of how he'd prevented her from falling. "Alright then, Moonbeam." She raises an eyebrow, but says nothing as they begin to dance. There's a comfortable gap between them as they sway to and fro. No music, but it's not really necessary. Not for Artemis. She's too busy absorbing what's happening. The even more vivid skies, the shimmering play of moonlight across the ice, the serenity of the (somewhat disturbed) landscape of snow. The unique mortal she's dancing with. They don't move very far from where they are, but they do minutely progress away from the shore. Her right hand trails down his chest, where Percy's left seizes it. For a few seconds, their swaying stops as they gauge each other. Then, like he's handling a baby, he grasps her hand and holds it to his chest. His hand cusps hers, only his thumb between her palm and his front. His right hand migrates upwards to her back as she draws closer, her left hand curling back around his neck. Artemis lays her head on his shoulder, cheek resting cozily by the crook of his collarbone. There's no space left between them as they resume their dance. She doesn't care. For tonight, she's thinking of a world where her Hunters didn't die. That way, she can be happy without feeling guilty. For tonight, she believes that immortals can change. Because even if she knows that they absolutely can't, even though mortals can have a choice, that way she can have this moment. Tonight, she's doing something different. She loses track of the time, in a warm embrace and with her mind five worlds away. But eventually the thunder rumbles. The sign of midnight of the solstice. It's time to go. The goddess extricates herself. The atmosphere is charged, yet hollow. Percy's smile swims into her vision, and then his lips move. "Keep in touch?" Artemis smiles back. Fragile and weak, even a touch mournful, but a smile nonetheless. Oh, such a grand catharsis. She blinks back tears, nods, then turns her back to leave. Her footsteps are imperceptible. Author's Note This work will ignore everything post Blood of Olympus, besides the concept of Apollo's punishment.