For the distance, William saw the opportunity and shot at him. Percy turned to receive the arrow but Annabeth was fastest. She fell on the ground with the arrow on her shoulder. On the fall, she hit her head with rock and she was knocked out cold. Annabeth woke up in the infirmary and Percy was by her side. She looked around as she was really confused of what happened: she received the arrow for Percy. Something made her do it. As she was deep in thought, Percy cleared his throat making her look at him. "Hi" said Percy smiling. "Hi. What are you doing here?" said Annabeth. "Checking you up… I mean I was checking on you" said Percy making Annabeth blush. "Shut up" said Annabeth with fake annoyance. "How are you feeling?" said Percy and touched her shoulder. He wanted to hold her hand but he didn't dare. "Fine" said Annabeth moving her shoulder far from Percy. "Thank you. I don't know why you did it, but thank you" said Percy scratching his head. Annabeth frowned and bit her bottom lip. "I don't know myself. I just felt I had to" said Annabeth shrugging. Percy nodded at her words and stood up. "Ok, see ya around" said Percy and left her alone. Later that night, Annabeth stayed out one hour before entering to Percy's cabin. She debated with herself her growing feelings for Percy and what it meant spending more time together. She had convinced herself of going back to the big house when she heard noise inside. Percy was having a nightmare and for the sound it was a big one. Annabeth walked him and saw Percy yelling in his sleep. He had a scared face and Annabeth leaned to wake him up. Suddenly, he pulled her to his chest. Percy woke up startled as he felt the weight on him. "What are you doing?" said Percy looking at Annabeth just inches of his face. "You grabbed me and here I am" said Annabeth softly. She was so close that she wasn't thinking straight. "Why?" said Percy softly. "I don't know. You were yelling. Bad dream?" said Annabeth with a smile. Her hand touched his face and they stared at each other. Their hearts were beating fast and their faces blushing. "Yeah, you were about to fall into a bottomless pit and I was rushing to you... I was afraid" said Percy and placed his hand on her neck pulling her even closer. Since her absent yesterday, his thoughts were clear. He liked her. "Of what?" said Annabeth slightly hopefully. She missed him yesterday to the point of pain. "Of losing you" said Percy making Annabeth gasped. Annabeth leaned closer just an inch of his lips. She wanted him to make the first move. "Really?" said Annabeth with a smile as she stared at the annoying yet enduring face of Percy Jackson. Percy pulled her to him and they kissed. It was an awesome first kiss. Everything around them faded. Nothing matter but their lips together moving in sync. The kiss was so electric that it was all they needed. Their memories flowed back in a swirl leaving them dizzy. Annabeth collapsed on his chest and blinked a couple of times as her head was swirling. Then she saw him with his eyes closed also dizzy. Her boyfriend was in front of her. The 17 years old teen who went with her to Tartarus, who protected her and loved her. She remembered everything even the last couple of days. "Seaweed brain" said Annabeth as she felt his cheek with her hand. Percy smiled at his nickname. Percy opened his eyes and saw her: his beautiful and perfect girlfriend. She is the only that drives him to be a better man every day. He remembered her. "Wise girl" said Percy with a loving smile. They looked at each other and they kissed again savoring the last days apart. "I remember" said Percy. "Me too… wait, you were dating Drew!" said Annabeth gasping as she recalled the last couple of days. "I caught kissing William" said Percy grinning. He smiled to the fact he behave like a jealous idiot for her only. "It wasn't a good kiss. You are a better kisser any day of the week" said Annabeth looking at his sea green eyes. "Same here" said Percy and they kissed again. "You know. This means that we belong together" said Annabeth. "Yes, beautiful. I love you" said Percy. "I love you too" said Annabeth. The following morning was Christmas and by breakfast everybody knew that they got their memories back. Most campers were happy, except for Drew and William. Piper was beaming with happiness but at the same time was really annoyed with her mother's behavior. After breakfast, Percy and Annabeth were sitting by the lake and talking when Piper came with a box for them. Annabeth stared at her with curiosity. They had already exchanged presents. "This just got here. My mother sent you this for you. I'm so embarrassed of her right now" said Piper giving the box to Percy. There was a note inside saying: " A true love kiss works like a charm. XOXO Aphrodite ." Annabeth rolled her eyes likewise Piper as she read the note. They both were mad at the Goddess of Love. "Open it, seaweed brain" said Annabeth looking with curiosity. Percy tore the box open. "What's inside?" said Annabeth. "Everything for a week in Disney World for 2" said Percy. "Sweet" "I guess so" said Annabeth shrugging. "We can go tomorrow, if you want" said Percy. Annabeth thought for a minute and nodded. "New Year in Disney. It sounds Ok. Let's hope we don't find so many monsters in Orlando" said Annabeth. "It doesn't matter as long you are by my side, right?" said Percy with a wink making Annabeth blushed and making Piper giggled like an Aphrodite's girl. "Oh, shut up" said Annabeth half-amused and kissed Percy.