be a problem." "Uh, that would… that would be great… thank you." "Just find a table and I'll have it to you in a minute." Percy sat down at an empty table by a window, and picked chunks from the muffin. It was probably one of the best breakfasts he'd ever had, and when Jack brought the iced coffee, Percy couldn't keep the grin off his face. While he finished up his meal, the sun broke past the horizon, and the next day was starting up again. He was quite content for the time being. He went up to Jack at the counter. "Hey listen Jack… that was, great. Thank you… I really mean that." Jack smiled. "Not a problem. I wish I could help more… but I might get fired." Percy nodded. "I understand. Anyway, I'll… I'll see you later." "Take care Percy," and Jack turned to serve another customer. Percy stepped out onto the streets, and wrapped his arms around himself. He really needed to get a coat. Perhaps today, he could take a risk, and 'borrow' one from a clothes store. For the time being, Percy walked the streets, heading to what he referred to as 'one of his fishing spots.' Despite the warm breakfast, Percy suddenly felt downtrodden, and he couldn't quite figure out why. Percy stood by the side walk, but he wasn't his usual self today. His mind was wandering. Recent times haven't been so bad. At least, compared to his first few months on the street. But the recent two months have been the best. A semi-organized schedule, and a supply from the café where Jack worked, even it was unsteady at the best of times, had made for relatively peaceful times. So why was Percy so 'down'? It was like an empty void at the back of his mind, constantly reminding him that even though he was safer than ever, he couldn't be happy. Something was missing from him, and he couldn't quite figure out what. But Percy was jarred from his thoughts. A pretty average white van had pulled on the sidewalk, just a few meters from where he was. But Percy had long ago learned that if anything was average looking, it was usually anything but. Take a thief for example, like himself (he wasn't afraid to admit to what he was, at least to himself anyway. He also occasionally took pride in his skills). They looked perfectly normal and blended into the crowd. At least until your wallet went missing, and they were nowhere to be seen. Back to the van, one side had the logo of some kind of strawberry farm, Delphi Strawberries , it said. The van doors opened, and a rather unusual bunch hoped out of the car, and some of them looked like they were fit for a bout of Live Action Role-playing. The most normal looking one was a scrawny kid with a goatee and an odd limp. The next was a punk girl with spiked black hair, and eyes that seemed much too blue to be normal. But Percy had to keep his jaw dropping at the nest set of occupants. Not because the girls were pretty. No, it was because two of them each had a matching set of bows and quivers filled with arrows, strung across their back, and silvery knives strapped in at their belts, like they planned to go for a casual hunt in Central Park. The tanned, older looking hunter-girl had a ferocious look in her eye that made Percy think that their prey of choice were new-born bunnies, and small children. Percy looked around, and was shocked. Not a single person even glanced at them. Like a fourteen year old getting out from behind the driver's seat of a van, and carrying around a full set of hunting gear was no big deal. He could picture people's conversations. Hey, honey, those teenagers are carrying weapons! Probably just animal control, dear. When the unusual four gathered for a conversation, Percy could just about make out their conversation. The punk girl had an exasperated look on her face, and spoke first. "I told you guys, cars kind of need fuel to run. We should have topped of before we left camp." Older-Hunter-Girl sighed. "Indeed, I've had blunder," Her violent glare returned. "But this does not mean thou must be insufferable about it." Either she's from medieval times, thought Percy, or she's actually role-playing. Younger-Hunter-Girl spoke up. "So uh, what do we do now then?" "We have no use for this vehicle. The streets are too crowed to use any fuelling station." Older-Hunter-Girl said. "Perhaps we will find a different form of transportation." Ye-Olde-Hunter-Girl-seemed to be leading the group, as they all set off down the street, right pass him without even glancing his way. Percy went to follow. Still nobody took notice of their all too obvious weapons, and that was bothering Percy. He could've sworn when one of the bow limbs hit someone, it actually passed through them. The punk girl had taken something from her pocket, and fiddled with it nervously. It looked like some kind of canister. Too small to be anything other than a personal defence spray, which meant that it would be something like Pepper Spray, or Mace. Percy sparked an idea. He was lacking any kind of self-defence items, and he'd been in plenty of situations where a spray like that could be useful. Suddenly, his downtrodden mood was gone, and he was feeling much better. Maybe that was it. Maybe he was after excitement, and this certainly qualified. He knew the hunter-girls could be dangerous, and the punk girl didn't look like a push over at any rate. The scrawny kid, he wasn't too sure about. Despite the mean looking girls carrying the hunting gear, Percy felt like he could pull this off. He felt like he could mug them. Yeah. This would be exciting , and today… he was feeling lucky.