he ran straight through the wall, dropping a wave of snow on her before making his escape, whooping the entire way. Of course, the second time he tried that, she anticipated the ambush and dodged, before grabbing him and redirecting his face into the next wall. And then, while he was still disoriented by the sudden faceful of snow, Luna dumped more of the stuff down the back of his shirt before taking off laughing. It was at that point he made a full retreat back over the lake, forming one last wall to hide behind while Luna stayed on land. She didn't follow, though, perhaps trying to prevent him from attempting any more tricks. So after a few more half-hearted shots from both sides, he shouted over the short no man's land. "Truce?" "Truce!" He heard back. But as he dismissed the ice wall, one last snowball splattered on his face. He spluttered in shock, Luna giggling as he quickly wiped it away. When it was completely gone, he chuckled good-naturedly before admitting, "I deserved that." "Yes, you did," she agreed, before making her way to him on the ice. "I enjoyed myself, though, Perseus, so thank you. And how do you know how to control snow?" "You're welcome, bu-" Before he can finish his warning, the sheet under her cracked. Dashing forward, he caught her once again before she could slip under. He blushed - she felt all too warm in his arms, especially after all the exercise they'd performed in the past who-knew-how-long. "You're welcome for that too," Percy snickered. "Again. Lemme just make sure that doesn't happen again, though." He let her distance herself promptly, remembering her disdain, and focused on ensuring their safety. After a moment, he spoke up. "No sudden movements and we should be fine. And what did you ask?- Oh, yeah, this is just something I picked up. Better than some other things I've tried to control." Percy smothered the toxic memory of poison before it could consume him, instead concentrating on cleaning off the last remaining snow trapped in his clothing. Though, considering all the questions … "Going back a bit, though. I have a question for you too." "Hm?" Luna's voice is absurdly close, and Percy looked up to find them almost face to face. Her silver eyes are wide yet unseeing, expressive yet unreadable. The atmosphere is charged - too charged, but Percy could never keep from setting things off, intentional or not. "If my choices do matter, then why can't gods change?" She stepped in closer, whispering her answer. But despite her proximity, he failed to hear. He leaned in, nerves tingling in anticipation. "What? Didn't catch that." Their breaths intertwine unnoticed, as her gaze devoured his. Percy was at best peripherally aware as she shed her jacket and let it fade into nothing. As the moonlight played along the silver of her tunic, the fabric drifting to and fro as she raised her arms to lay her hands on his shoulders. "Dance with me." Heart pounding, he tried to comprehend her command. After it processed, he frowned in confusion, his brow furrowing as he tried to formulate some response. Annabeth. He barely knew Luna. They were literally standing on thin ice. "Bu-" "The others are having their dance. Why shouldn't we?" She interrupted. Still, though, it wasn't right. But then she continued. "This is my favor. My request." And then it was a given. "Pushy, pushy," Percy snarked, but he can't help but smile despite his misgivings because her beam is all too radiant. He rested his hands on her hips, oddly reminiscent of how he'd rescued her before. "Alright then, Moonbeam." Besides a raise of an eyebrow, nothing. And then they danced. It had only been right, because there she was, shining before him. And he gave the dance his all, because it was as good as his word when he'd said he owed her. Because somehow, he was happy right now, despite all his troubles in the past year, in the past six months, in the past day. So with music in his head only he could hear, he danced with Luna. He danced under the moon and stars, danced amongst the shimmering yet serene ice and snow, danced with the beautiful girl who'd enraptured him since the moment he met her. And when her right hand trailed down his chest, he took it in his left. Their swaying ceased as they considered their closeness. After a brief moment of mutual consideration, Percy refined how he held her hand, cupping it and interlacing their fingers. Then, he let it fall back to his chest and let it rest. Luna began their swaying again, gently laying her head on his shoulder and nuzzling into the crook of his collarbone. In turn, he adjusted to increased intimacy by moving his other hand up to her back, holding her to him even as her other hand curled around his neck. There was no space left between them. He didn't care. Maybe it was wrong to dance with someone who wasn't his girlfriend, but they'd been struggling and he wanted to savor the sheer contentment he'd achieved tonight. After everything, he could finally believe in a better world again, because of the person in his arms. So he danced anyway. But then thunder rumbled - the end of the Solstice - and Luna extricated herself from their dance. The atmosphere faded abruptly, turning hollow, a shell of the sheer raw expression of emotion the two had shared that night. "Keep in touch?" Percy asked, voice barely working. And she smiled back, fragile and rich with uncertainty. Moonbeam couldn't have been more perfect for who he saw before him. Without a sound, she nodded, turned around, and walked away. There was only one thought left in Percy's mind as he watched her leave. Meeting Luna felt like fate. Author's Note You will get everything you expect, and none of it.