sort of get the impression that charmspeak wouldn't be nearly as effective with an ugly voice. And as for her weapon, you can claim that Piper is a Sue for having a sooper speshul weapon that shows her the future if you like. But then by that logic, you'd have to call Percy and Jason Gary Stus for having speshul unique weapons (and Percy's has a tragic past to boot; hmm, maybe his sword is a Gary Stu) and Leo a Stu for having a speshul unique tool belt and Annabeth a Sue for having a speshul unique hat. If you want to hate on Piper for having a unique weapon then you have to apply that logic to the other characters too. Claims that Piper is a Sue because she's beautiful and can fight make me mad. That is just like automatically discriminating against a whole cabin of kids just because their mother is the goddess of love. I got the impression that it wasn't that they couldn't fight, they just chose not to because they didn't want to get their hair and clothes dirty and messy. Silena chose to defy this stereotype and lead the Ares cabin into battle, even if she couldn't use a weapon properly, and Piper didn't even learn how to use her weapon properly until around about MoA. If she had immediately picked up sword fighting or only taken a few days or months to become an absolute master (like a certain male character I know) then maybe I'd agree but not only did it take months for her to even begin to learn how to properly use her knife, she still isn't even the strongest or most experienced fighter on the team. Percy, Jason, Annabeth – they're far more experienced than her and better than her but do people hate on them for that? People only hate on Piper because she's beautiful and has all these talents that others have too but if anything, that's just as shallow as some people accuse her to be because they're not looking beyond her beauty and are only seeing her as a pretty face. And now I must concede something to the haters. Yes, Piper does whine a bit and Annabeth did have a tougher life and held up far better. However, along with adding another flaw to Piper, I think people must remember that these two girls have had different lives. Annabeth has been alone her whole life and ran away at seven years old, only to have the closest thing to a sister be turned into a tree (I'm not counting Luke at this time, since she only learned he was evil after he tried to kill Percy and Piper does have experience in betrayal later on so it's not exclusive to Annabeth). Piper, no matter how independent she is, was still raised in a life of privilege and luxury and wasn't used to living rough like Annabeth was. Piper didn't run away at age seven and she hasn't had to survive on the streets and watch her best friend turn into a tree. So, I ask, how is it realistic for Piper and Annabeth to react exactly the same way to their oh so tough lives? Annabeth was used to having to bottle up her feelings and suck it up; Piper, while different from a typical spoilt rich kid, is still essentially one (minus spoilt) and is not used to dealing with things such as her dad being kidnapped and having to choose between her friends or her father. Annabeth has known that she was a demigod since age seven and we were never shown her reaction to learning that (we did see a flashback but she wasn't explicitly told she was a demigod); Piper went from dating Jason to finding out that this was a lie and that her mum was a goddess and she had to digest all of this, along with going on a quest practically the next day from when she arrived at camp. I'm not excusing Piper's whining; I'm merely providing reasons. Piper and Annabeth are different characters and to expect them to react the same is unrealistic and if that happened, Piper would have been called a knock-off Annabeth. And also, the fact that she keeps her whining to herself and doesn't voice it is a point in her favour because otherwise she would look like a brat; if we're going to hate on her for whining internally then I suppose we're all Sueish brats because I whinge to myself on a daily basis but that doesn't mean I'm going to go and complain to everyone else and draw attention to myself and make myself look like a spoilt child. She didn't want to burden her friends with her troubles, thus highlighting her love and respect of her friends, and yes, it would have been better for her to tell them so that they could better prepare and it could have turned out a disaster because of this but doesn't that count as a flaw and therefore undermine the 'Piper is a Mary Sue' argument? Bella Swan may have whined internally and told her friends jack just like Piper but the thing that makes her different (and unlikeable if you don't like her) is that she does nothing about it, while Piper hated being helpless and was determined to do something and stop Gaea. In conclusion to this point, Piper did stray close to Suedom but she was not a Mary Sue; she did have flaws and legitimate, likeable (in Reyna and Tristan's case) characters that didn't like her or weren't enamoured with her and she wasn't another sooper speshul, 'how do I ever hold up?' rich Mary Sue. I just hope that if you don't agree with me, you can express this to me nicely and not rant and rave about how much you hate Piper. Tune in next time for point number two! ~ Puffy