God," he realizes. "I'm an idiot!" His lips pale somewhat, his complexion already nearly translucent in the sunlight which is open from all the blinds being open in the apartment. "They're always the last to know," Annabeth says to Thalia. The two girls share a giggle, but Nico's up and hugging them, smiling like a fucking banshee. Annabeth raises an eyebrow, but she chooses to not say anything to him. Sometimes, when Nico is in the mood to have him hugging, it can lead to other questions and answers that she wishes to not delve into. Nico rushes out of the apartment and goes across the hall. He needs to tell Percy that he's just a social disaster before Percy assumes Nico flat-out doesn't like him. Because the truth is absolutely the opposite of that, and it's kind of absurd how bad Nico is at life. Okay, okay , he's lying. He's only a half failure at life. He had dates, he has best friends. He gets the door open to see Percy in the kitchen pouring himself a bowl of cereal, like he's not hung over and nothing out of the ordinary happened last night. This is what Percy usually does after a night of orgasmic experience, where he'll act as content as anyone would, but holds back even further. And for some reason, this time it seems to be directed almost angrily at the other party. Nico swallows thickly, his throat suddenly dry as his courage drops out of him. Well, that was an empowering five seconds. "Hey, Nico," Percy says around a spoonful of Cap'n Crunch. His eyes brighten to a much happier shade of green when his eyes land on his best friend. Nico manages a 'hey.' Perhaps the worst response he could've given in the whole world. This whole unattainable crush thing was so much easier when Percy didn't have his hand in Nico's pants about nine hours ago. Or the cum stained shirt, the panting, the kissing, the hickey that Nico found on his chest while showering... If Percy remembers those little details, he doesn't seem to care. Nico wonders what life must be like when you're not constantly worrying about something. It must be nice. "Great party last night, huh?" Nico thinks Percy's just making fun of him now. "Yeah, actually, about that..." Percy stares at him, waiting for elaboration and shoveling in spoonfuls of cereal. "I, um, I really, uh..." Nico feels his heartbeat pounding in his throat. "I really enjoyed last night." Crunch. Crunch. "And, uh, if you wanted it to happen again sometime, I would be—I would be okay with that." Percy gives him the weirdest look. Was he speaking Chinese? "The party? Well, yeah, it was fun, but I don't think it's gonna happen again for a while. You can't have two New Years' in one year!" Nico drops his gaze to the countertop and says, "No, I—I mean the afterparty ." The handjobs, the intense kissing against closed and locked doors... other amorous actions that may be considered unhealthy for best friends to exactly do... Percy lifts his eyebrows in realization, then he's putting on his seductive face. "Oh, yeah, that. Yeah, that was great too." He called it great—that's gotta count for something, Nico figures. "So, you wouldn't mind doing it again sometime?" Percy smiles and carries his bowl to the couch, clapping Nico on the shoulder as he passes by. "Yeah, that'd be nice." The one receiving the touch jumps and shudders. Percy's hands on his dick is just a feeling he cannot stop thinking about. He'll never, ever get it out of his head, will he? And now it's been downgraded to nice in record time. Nico's getting worse at this somehow. "Okay, great, 'cause, y'know, we gotta live together, so let's get this out in the open and make sure nothing's weird." He's pretty sure jerking off your roommate counts as weird, but, whatever, he's just going to go with it. "You're making it weird, Nico," Percy says with his mouth full. "Just relax." "Relax?" Nico enunciates, gesturing wildly to the benefit of no one, since Percy's seated in the armchair not looking at him. "I don't know what that word means!" Percy looks back at him in surprise. "Really? That's a shame, even I know that one. I mean, hell... didn't we do that last night when we got back?" Nico just groans, although there is the creep of bright, burning red blush on his neck and searches the kitchen for suitable breakfast food. Looks like he shall be eating breakfast over at Annabeth and Thalia's. After all, he smelled cinnamon rolls being made. And those were just as good as Percy perhaps jerking him off. Almost as good. Okay, not even close. Well here I am at 6k... something I did not expect to reach for my first chapter. Wow, second longest opening chapter of a story I've ever written. *fans self* Where did all the time go? In all seriousness, that was the first chapter of Nico Di Angelo's Hopeless Guide to Love, which is long and cute and I love it. I'll probably be updating twice a week, maybe more if I can handle the time it takes to edit these and all that jazz as I've got a few other projects I'm planning and getting ready to write, but we'll be there someday, right? Nico and Percy certainly jump into it rather quickly huh? This is only a taste of what is to come (bad pun is bad, but I digress). There's a lot to get through, and we'll be seeing more and more of our six manned crew. I literally had finished watching a Friends episode before I wanted to sit down and write an idea like that... thanks PJO crew. Thank you all for reading, and maybe leave a review! I'd love to hear what you thought. Have a great day! Bye! Love you all! ~ Paradigm