you two fight for" I said standing between them. "Shut up" yelled both girls. "Move, seaweed brain" said Annabeth without taking her eyes of Emma. "Move, sea boy. This little Graceus girlfriend of yours is going down. I will show her place in the Roman ranks" said Emma with a wicked smile on her face. "I…" I said and Emma rushed at us. Annabeth pushed me to the side to meet her swing. They fought like I never saw before. Annabeth was normally deathly but this was a whole new level. She was angry. Emma was just as good or even better. I meant to get in the way and separate them but I feared for my own safety. After all, they were two daughters of battle. For 10 minutes, the fight got really intense as none of them had been able to draw blood to the other. Emma's defense was better that Annabeth, but I knew my girlfriend. She was a strategist. She was saving something for later. I was really anxious watching them. They definitely would kill each other if I didn't do something. Both were equally good, and none would back off. So this would go on forever, unless I did something. I looked around and I saw that the park's grass was wet. So, I made Emma slide just a bit, just enough to make feel it was her fault and give Annabeth an advantage. Annabeth threw her to the ground with her sword on her neck. Both were breathing hard and loud. They stared at each other with mean glares. Then Emma smiled sweetly like she was really glad of something. "You won" said Emma and Annabeth slapped her right after removing my sword from her neck. Emma stood up and looked at me with a very blinding bright smile. She was happy. I really confused. "Percy, she is the one, right?" said Emma and patted my shoulder. Annabeth looked at her ready to pass the sword through her chest. I nodded. "Yes. Make her happy. You keep your promise" said Emma and she laughed softly. "But you said…" I said. She started to laugh harder and louder. "I like to tease you. Oh my gods! You really are dense. It was so easy to make fun of when we little" said Emma with a smile. "What was the promise?" I said. "To be friends forever" said Emma and shook my head. Out of nowhere, Annabeth grabbed her by the shoulder making her turn and she slapped her hard. Emma was thrown aside by the hit and it looked bad. "Annabeth!" I said. "Don't worry, Percy. I deserved it" said Emma looking at her. She wasn't mad or anything. She had a soft smile like nothing had happened. "I will kill you" said Annabeth pointing my sword at Emma. "Come on. It was a joke" said Emma raising her hands. "And the red rings?" I said. "The legend of the red string is not always about love. It's a promise to see each other again. We got the rings of a bubblegum machine. We pinky-swore it. We were eight, moron. Marriage at 8? Come on!" said Emma rolling her eyes. "Why did you fight?" I said. "I am rusty and Reyna talks wonders about Annabeth. I had to see for myself" said Emma winking at Annabeth. "Do you know Reyna?" said Annabeth. "Of course, I was last month in Camp before coming here" said Emma rolling her eyes. "Everything was a lie?" said Annabeth really angry. "Not exactly. We met growing up, the rings and a promise were true... I must say I have forgotten about you… Then I saw your picture in Camp and we thought it would be fun to mess up with you two. Right! Jason told me to give you this" said Emma handing me a note from her back pocket. I opened the note and I said: We got you! Ha Ha Ha. Don't worry Emma is cool. With a drawing of Jason and Reyna grinning. I showed the note to Annabeth. "It was a sick joke?" said Annabeth taking Emma of her collar. "It's part of Percy's initiation anyway. You are not Roman, less praetor until you get prank. Nobody told you that, Percy? This prank was long overdue but you had the big prophecy to worry about. Even Frank helped me. Congratulations, Perseus, you are true Roman now" said Emma and Annabeth let her go but not without a really loud hit on her eye. Emma flew on her back and stood up a little dizzy and with difficulty. "So, we are cool now? Or do we need another go with the swords? You are really good. Reyna wasn't exaggerating after all" said Emma rubbing her eye and giving her hand to Annabeth. "Yes, we are, idiot. Pull another stunt like that and I will kill you" said Annabeth and shook her hand. They stared at each other smiling. Emma laughed nervously and waved us goodbye. Annabeth dusted off and gave me my pen. She looked tired, still flushing of the fight, but she was relieved, even smiling softly. She looked at me and hugged me. "I knew you helped me. Percy, I don't need you to fight my battles" said Annabeth in my ear. "I had to stop the fight somehow" I said and I kissed her. "Just don't do it again… thank you" said Annabeth and kissed me. "I love you. I never liked her like that. Trust me. You got me for the long run, my little jealous girlfriend" I said and Annabeth at my words. "I love you too. Come on, let's go to eat something. I know you are starving" said Annabeth. I nodded and we walked to the end of the park holding hands. Emma became a good friend of us, after Annabeth got her back by changing her shampoo for super sticky fast drying glue. I am still laughing of it.