on the inside of his forearm. A hidden blade, the maker had called it. It responded to a flick of the wrist, extracting from its cover though not completely escaping. It retracted, for future use. Though the weapon was very poor at straight up fighting, it was perfect for ambushes and assassinations. His eyes were the most unnerving part. Though the hood covered his face down to the nose, you could see a black glow coming from them, and if you removed the hood, his eye sockets were filled with an onyx fire. He shook his head, unsure of what had just occurred, "Nyx… what just happened?" "You were given the Αιώνια συγχώρεση, the blessing of Nyx. I do hope you use it wisely." Having said that, she was enveloped by the shadows, and vanished. Percy reappeared in the throne room of Hades, though the lord of the Underworld was absent. Instead, Thanatos sat Indian style at the foot of Hades' throne. "I trust my mother disposed of the… others." The god of death spoke with some contempt for the monsters, still not opening his eyes. "Yes," Percy responded, "she was quite helpful." Thanatos rose to his feet with ease, striding over to where the son of Poseidon was positioned. His index finger extended to his forehead, and Percy fainted as it touched him. . When the demigod woke , he was on Olympus, in the gardens. Demeter happened to stumble upon him one day, she shrieked and the rest of the Olympians came to see what had happened. Their reactions were mixed. Athena looked upon him with a contemptuous gleam in her eyes, as usual. Poseidon rushed forward to embrace his son, but Percy winced and backed away. Dionysus looked bored and indifferent. Artemis had a perplexingly amused expression, and Apollo was delighted, along with Hermes. Hera was also indifferent. Zeus looked that way as well. Ares was busy sharpening his sword, and Aphrodite appeared to be lustful. Hephaestus was tinkering with an object, which flew off into the air. Finally, Poseidon spoke up, "Where have you been?" Percy winced again as the memories hit him, "Places." Zeus immediately demanded that the son of Poseidon go back to camp, to which Percy vehemently abstained. "I'll take him!" Aphrodite offered. Hermes piped up, "No! Let me and Apollo have him! We'll pull pranks and get laid together! The three amigos!" Hephaestus murmured something about helping him in the forge, and Demeter suggested that he help her in the fields. Poseidon opted for his son to come to his palace with him and reclaim his rightful place next to him. Artemis had finally had enough. "I'll take him with the hunt, until he is ready to go back to camp." Everyone stopped bickering and stared at her. "As much as I may dislike Perseus," Athena started with a distasteful glance at the son of Poseidon, "I believe that the hunt will most likely misuse him the least." Zeus immediately hopped on board, "Then it is settled! Perseus will accompany Artemis and her hunters until he is ready to return to Camp Half-Blood!" Slowly, one by one, the Olympians left until only Percy and Artemis were left. "So Perseus, where were you all this time?" Artemis inquired. "You'll have to gain my trust before I answer that." The son of Poseidon responded, walking away. . Percy was, to say the least , shocked at the revelation that he had wings. Now, he definitely didn't expect to find out by being pushed off of Olympus. But when Ares comes calling, who knows what'll happen. "Hey punk, y'never told me, where've ya been?" Ares boisterously called. Percy ignored him, quickening his pace. That made Ares mad. He stalked into Percy's way, clamping down on his shoulder and tossing him away, though he never intended to throw him off of Olympus. Percy felt a rush, then a sharp jolt of pain. The next thing he knew, ten feet of black, unkempt, feathery wings were stretched out behind his back, keeping him aloft. Once Percy spotted a respectable place to land, he dropped, about 30 meters a second. Realizing he didn't know how to pull up, Percy panicked and successfully earned himself a mouthful of dirt. "Milady," a condescending voice called out, "what is this male doing in our camp?" Percy, now in a crouched position, recognized the hunter as Phoebe, the girl who the Stolls pranked all those years ago. Seeing that she already had her hunting knives out, ready to attack, Percy went for his bow, but was beat to it. An arrow pierced his shoulder, and he bit back a curse as he ripped it out. Now he was mad. He disarmed Phoebe quickly, knocking her out with the hilt of his hunting knife. His bow was out now, pinning other hunters to trees. Artemis perched on a branch, not bothering to interfere. He'd taken out seven hunters already, but it was early morning and there was a possibility that not all of them were up yet. Making sure no one was looking; he uncapped both riptides, spotting his next opponent. Ah shit . Regardless, he raced forth, bringing his swords down in an 'X' pattern. Thalia blocked them with her shield, retaliating by cutting a gash in Percy's midsection. He didn't even grunt, pulling back and kicking her legs out from under her. She fell to her knees and Percy flipped over her head. She spun around sweeping his legs and causing him to fall. She tried to impale him with a spear, but he rolled out of the way, and struck, putting his sword point at her temple. At this point, they were both panting and out of breath. "Who are you?" She asked. Reaching up and pulling down his hood, he replied, "Long time no see Thals." Hope you liked. My writing became inconsistent around the middle, and I'm sorry. I'm unsure when this will be updated next. REVIEW Paradosso