outside of my classroom, she looked at my schedule again. She told me we had hour 1, 3, 6 and 7 together and we both had B lunch which was after fifth hour. She gave me my schedule and we went to our classrooms. English was a bore, but after accidentally flicking my pencil at the person in front of me, we became friends. His name was Jason Grace. He had blonde hair, sky blue eyes and a small scar on his lip. Turns out he was also in my first class and gym class. After our english teacher, , asked us to stop talking he resumed his lesson and Jason and I began to crack jokes about him. Nothing mean, just mimicking and other things guys do. I can tell Jason and I are going to be good friends. Science came next and I sat next to Annabeth. The seat was open and I didn't know anyone else...so why not? After that came math which I almost fell asleep in. Next was study hall, which I did fall asleep in. After about forty-five minutes, I woke up to someone shaking me. It was a guy, he was about as tall as me, maybe an inch taller. He began talking to me and asking me questions. "I'm a junior." I told him, answering his question. "I'm a Senior. What's your name?" He asked. "Percy Jackson." "Nice to meet you Percy. I'm Luke Castellan." He held out a hand and I took it. He told me he was in the band and he had it seventh hour. I pulled out my schedule. I had band too. I remember signing up for it but didn't look at my schedule close enough to notice. No one really knew, but I was a pretty good saxophone player and drummer. I've been playing since I was in fifth grade and haven't given up. Although I didn't really care for marching band, I decided to join because I still wanted to play. Honestly, I didn't really care which one I was chosen for. I just wanted to play and being in the band was the only way how. The bell rang and Luke asked if I wanted to sit with him and his friends at lunch since I was, and I quote "A new kid" and "First days are always the hardest". I told him only for a little while because I had another friend (Annabeth, but I didn't say that) to sit with. I walked back to my locker and put my book bag inside. Then I got in the lunch line and grabbed my food. When it came to finding somewhere to sit, I found Luke. He waved me over and I sat down next to him. I was introduced to his friends. One of them was Rachel. The girl who spoke out in my first class. She made me really uncomfortable, sitting really close, trying to hold my hand, trying to make me look down her shirt. I looked around the room to find Annabeth. When I found her, I stood up and began walking towards her. Someone grabbed my arm and I freaked. I had to remember that this was school. My step dad isn't here. He isn't here. It took everything in me not to rip loose of the grip and punch the person who had grabbed me in the face. I turned to find Rachel holding my arm. She stood up and whispered something in my ear. "Don't go by Annabeth. She's a prostitute." She told me Annabeth's past, what happened with Luke, and some other discussing things. I looked at Annabeth eyes wide. This couldn't be her. She wouldn't. She is too good to do anything Rachel had said. Annabeth looked at me. She knew what Rachel had told me and tears were forming in her eyes. She was shaking her head, almost telling me not to believe it. That's why she was always alone, because everyone believed what Rachel had just told me. But I wouldn't. Not until Annabeth told me it was true. I had been lied to and about before. I knew her pain. I might not have been in her situation, but when I went home everyday, I was abused, I was starved at some points, I would have to protect my mother from an enraged drunk who doesn't care for either of us. It always fell on me, my stepfather would blame all the pain coming to my mother and I on me. And since freshman year, I believed it. To this very day, I believe it. Rachel tried to get me back to the table but I ripped out of her grip and continued my journey to Annabeth, each step imagining what she might have had to go through. I stopped at the edge of the table and bent down. "So, are we still on for after school?" She was shocked. She didn't know this yet, but I wasn't one to hurt someone even more than they already are. She gave me a small nod and a tear began to fall down her cheek. I brushed it away with my thumb and smiled. I stood up and the bell rang. I turned back to see Rachel and her table, along with Luke watching me. Actually, almost the whole lunchroom was watching. But I didn't care. Annabeth had been treated the wrong way for too long. So how was it? I know, not to good, but 'Forbidden Love and a Forgotten past' is way better! Please, go read it. I like to ask questions to the readers and then give them the summary of the next chapter if they get the answer right. So here is a question. Will you read my other story? Okay, so maybe this question doesn't have a right answer, but do you see how much I want you guys to read my other story? Read & Review! Thanks. ~VictoryD