the love that all is holy and that I don't get the sudden urge to snap your neck and end this, let it be true that you're one hundred percent fucking bullshitting." "I wish I could..." she trails off. "Do my feelings mean anything to you?" "Of course they do!" "Then why in the name of holy fucking fuck did you decide to invite him back?" Percy howls. Athena doesn't have an answer to that, so she goes for an ice breaker that works in most cases, but then again this isn't most cases and from the way he's acting, Percy Jackson is able to probably rip her head off of her body in one quick swipe before answering the question. "When's the last time you saw him?" "A year ago. A press conference. Nothing more than a curt nod. Earlier than that? Nothing." She opens her mouth to reply again, and that's when the world really does go to fucking shit and not even Atlas in all his superiority as a Titan can keep it up and afloat, given what happens next. A body appears on the other side of the glass, unable to see Percy from where they're standing. The body walks in and Athena gets a better glimpse than the last meeting she had when meeting him the first time. Standing in the doorway, frozen between seeing Percy and Athena in media res of their argument, stays stock still which shock registering on their face. The man's face is pale as the brightest moon, haunting diamond eyes unable to decide who to rather look at. His body is lithe and probably far too skinny for someone of normal health proceedings where Athena wouldn't worry. Scrawny hands with slender fingers poke out underneath the burly jacket. Percy shudders - the hands still cling to his back, wrapped around the front and shifting hard, harder till he breaks over the man's hand and has euphoria clouding the tips of his visional field and the hands transform into talons that scrape - for the memories are close, and the blood roars in his ears and down at his dick. Standing in the doorway is Nico di Angelo, fresh out of a self made retirement, and Percy's old ex-boyfriend. He gives a half hearted wave to both occupants in the room. "Hello..." he stutters out nervously. Athena feels the desperation sink into the soles of her heels. So this looks like the beginning of the end. And there we are ladies and gentlemen, Chapter #1: Beginning of the End of my brand new story Primetime Hour. WOW, can I first say that it has taken me three days to write this chapter and the fact that I actually broke the 15k mark like I wanted has me dying. This is the single longest chapter I've ever written, and the longest prior are only at 10k, and to surpass that by a five thousand word margin is damn amazing to me. I promised that the chapters would be long, and this certainly tells the truth. How does this look to you? While the Rated M sexual content won't be as shoveled in as much as it was for Nico di Angelo's Guide, it'll be there somewhere given how long I'm taking this road. But first thing first, I am already in love with what has been put here today. Percy and Nico are characters that I'm able to weave and spin where Riordan's masterful creations exist at their core, but around them is layers of what I've built, and I don't think my writing has ever, ever been better. Athena is going to be perhaps my favorite one to ploy with as I haven't written an Olympian god or goddess in a story since Hades as a villain in the one-shot Ichor (jeez it's dark. Go read it!) and she's got a whole lot of potential ramped up to her. This is an ensemble casted story, focusing mainly on a group of thirteen or fourteen characters, and the main character is to be highlighted by that obvious P.O.V marker. I was told in Nico's Guide that the perspective switches into the characters and their minds were hard to distinguish at times so it's easier by having sections. We've also been introduced to Reyna and Travis, and while Thalia is there, Reyna and Travis are the main ones in that trio we met to look at. Reyna's spin is interesting as I haven't written her in about three years, so there's that, and I totally didn't realize she had a last name given to us unlike Octavian. I'm also a stickler for rare pairings, so while Nico and Percy is a surefire, Reyna and Travis certainly is a pairing no one suggests, and I decide to run with it. Let me know if it works. These chapters will probably take me five days to write consecutively where I do a scene a day at around 3k as I do have three other stories to constantly shift between. It's been also another three years since I've written four WIPS at one time and good god it feels crazy and pressuring, but I love it as it makes me want to write downright enjoyable and inspiring content. Please review and let me know what you thought! If I'm to be honest, as I always am, those that are expecting a pure smut story will be sorely disappointed as this is a plot and character driven piece where the sex, while not an afterthought, won't be like mindless flings, but parts and pieces that matter. Thank you so much for making it this far if you have. I shall have Chapter #2: Best Foot Forward, out sometime in the next three weeks or so with my busy summer schedule coming to an end with school starting soon. Hope to have you all for the long haul. Love you all! Have an amazing day! Bye! ~ Paradigm