away from him on the forest floor. "δάγκωμα!" The hellhound teeth ripped into the flesh of the demigod's neck, ripping out his throat. "Be gone!" Luke commanded, waving his hand at the monsters. Waiting until the commotion on the other side of camp had died down, Luke cut his shirt into tatters, and retrieved the corpse of his half-brother, donning a somber look and trudging back to camp. "Luke!" Heard a voice call. "What happened?" Luke looked up, finding the Travis' eyes staring at him sadly, yet expectantly. "Connor ran off into the woods too fast for me. I ran to catch up, but when I found him, a hellhound was on top of him, ripping out his throat. I fought him off, but a group of monsters came for me, so I ran. I'm sorry." Luke hung his head solemnly, as if he expected to be berated. "It's okay." Travis said softly, his voice barely even heard. "Really?" Luke looked up hopefully. "Yeah. Let's tell Chiron what's happened." With that, Travis and Luke marched to the big house to Iris Message Chiron. ~Retribution~ As Thalia had recently learned, black magic sucked. Like, a lot. "Ugh!" Percy slammed into the wall, the shadows creeping towards him. "Your parents should've told you not to play with magic, kids…" The creepily wrinkled magician stalked towards them, his fingers wriggling in the air. "You know what?" Percy started, "You're right. But my mom's kinda dead, and my dad's a jackass, so I learned some'f my own." " Thurisaz !" He exclaimed, and a wall of fire raced toward the black-shawled man. When then fire dissipated, the man stood there, a transparent sphere of darkness around him. "That's some powerful magic you're playing with. You'll blow this place to hell if y' use any more of that." The sphere had faded, and now the man was reaching into the sleeve of his cloak. Percy had some black liquid running out of his nose, and he coughed, spitting up some more of it. "What is that?" Thalia hissed. " Cila ," He began, "the blood of the Prometheans. I'll tell you more later. For now, let's waste this jackass. I'll hold off him f'r a few seconds." He clenched his right fist, uttering a word under his breath. Suddenly, Thalia could move again, though she knew it was temporary. Thalia fluently grasped a throwing knife from her thigh sheathes, launching it at the cloaked man. It struck him in the temple, and he fell lifelessly to floor with a thud. Percy fell on his hands and knees, coughing and wheezing, till there was a substantial puddle of Cila on the ground. "Percy!" Thalai exclaimed in worry, dropping next to him. "'M fine," He insisted, wiping his mouth of the blood, "I'll just need a couple hours rest." "You're obviously not fine. You're weaker than me, and I'm mortal!" Thalia protested, her arms flailing around for emphasis. "'S just the fact that resisting the merge weakens me. It takes a lot of energy to not be inside you." Percy groaned, rolling onto his back. "I just realized how perverse that sounds." "Yup." Thalia said, lying down next to him. "What's the deal with this Cila thing anyway?" "Well, all Prometheans have sort of a filter, I guess. We have ichor, but the thing that separates us from regular immortals is Cila . You see, in exchange for more power than regular gods, we can be killed. We have an organ which holds the Cila , and it must be severed from our bodies by a metal known as Helixean silver, which is the first metal ever created. However, it must be bathed in Sveti beforehand. Y'see, before we Prometheans came, a race before us called Leviathans were created by Fate, pretty much his version of the furies, except there is a whole army of these bad boys. To ensure our safety from these goliaths, Helix created a liquid called Sveti, which will kill them with a simple touch. We must be killed by Helixean silver fully soaked in Sveti, but since the Leviathans cannot touch them, they cannot kill us." Percy took a breath from his long explanation. "So, does anything else slow these freaks down?" Thalia asked. "Well, they can be beheaded, and they'll have to reform, but that only takes 'em about a day. Anything else they'll fight through, driven by the mindless rage that they were created with." "So, why do they have this mindless rage?" Thalia questioned. "Fate created them when he was mad because Helix was the ruler of the galaxies," Percy explained, climbing to his feet, "anyway, let's get outta here. Smells too much like blood anyway." ~Retribution~ Siris grunted as he slammed into the wall. "What would you need me for anyway?" He taunted. "All I do is gain retribution for what people do to others. You're the wrongdoer here." His bloody smile shone in the small apartment complex. "You're wrong, assassin. See, over the years, I've studied you. And every job you've ever taken has something in common. They all paid you. True vengeance has no recompense other than the feeling that you've done good. However, truth has never been my forte." The cloaked figure gave a matching smirk, his fist clenching, and the hitman fell from his position on the wall. "I'll pay you triple your whole wealth currently, given your alliance toward me." Seeing no other alternative, Siris agreed. The cloaked man vanished, leaving a large 'F' where he was standing. ~Retribution~ Luke grinned as he saw the son of Oceanus' smug grin vanish as Annabeth clung to Luke's arm as soon as she passed over the verge of Half-Blood Hill. "What's wrong Gerry? Cat got your tongue?" I'm trying to put all of the work which I've deemed publishable on here so you can read all of them and then tell me which ones you believe should stay on or I should delete. REVIEW Paradosso