know how much I could handle from an active man. But he still new how much he would do. My nipples now glistened in my saliva, it felt strange and warm. "Blow on them" Eddie whispered in my ear. I blinked taking a second to realize what he meant. And when I did I hesitantly complied, what would this do, I thought? As I blew I figured it out, it was so cold, and my nipples instantly grew harder. I kept blowing, wishing that I was told to stop because they started to feel itchy, and made me want to guiltily pinch, or tug them, I just wanted the itch gone. Which soon wasn't a problem anymore because Eddie started stroking my shaft, I tried to stifle my moan again. Eddie chuckled, I could feel the moisture of his breath against my skin and tried not to shy away. "Every time you get even the slightest touch, you tighten around me. You dirty little whore."Eddie whispered. I closed my eyes in shame, trying not to hear his words, or to even feel what he was doing to me. But I couldn't he was to powerful, and I've always been weak. I cried as he thrust deeply into me finishing off what he'd started, he jerked me off faster than I knew how to stop my reaction. I came moaning, his hand covered in my mess. He stuffed his hand in my mouth again, laughing "Yeah thats right bitch, eat it. Eat it all." He thrust harder into me, not seeming to care as his fingers blocked anyway of me breathing. I made any garbled sound I could, trying to tell him. But with whatever sense I had left I thought I should speed him to his climax. I started to feverishly ride him, tightening my muscles around him as he thrust into me. The rhythm was off but that didn't stop him. He slammed into me coming with a grunt. He sighed in relief pushing me off him, he slept on the couch, alone. They knew all my little kinks, it made me crazy. I always had to many emotions coming in I could never understand what I should be feeling, but I still always felt the pleasure and that always made me ashamed. I limped over to Gabe's room knowing he wouldn't want me in sight. I collapsed on the floor I hadn't really slept in days, and now this. I passed out hoping to get one good night's rest. Which of course didn't happen. Over the course of the rest of the morning Gabe came to ride me over, punishing me with a flogger, Charlie came in hoping to get a blowjob, Jeff came in wanting me to do him. That was an awkward conversation, I tried to let him know I didn't even know how to do that so instead I gave him one of my dildos and a blowjob as well. Then Eddie came in the room at around 6 and rode me doggy style, tying my hands with one of Gabe's ties. I hadn't slept at all, I thought sleepy. And know it was the last day of school life really frigg'in sucked. Literally I thought laughing dryly to myself. My eyes glazed over as dozed of, I really was trying to stay awake, but Mrs. Dodds end of the year speech was always so boring. But as I finally fell into blissful sleep the bell rang and ended the year. All the students screamed in excitement, glad for school to me over the shouted their joy and exited the school quickly to hug their Goodbye's and make their promises and confessions. I sighed lugging myself out my chair, the classroom was empty and I honestly wouldn't mind staying but Mrs. Dodds would never allow it. So I started to leave but Mrs. Dodds stopped me at the door. "Now honey, I know school is hard and life can sometimes give us a hard time. But you shouldn't let your ADHD or your dyslexia take hold of your life. When you do you'll find you can make more friends and get all your homework done."She said pointedly fixing me with a very professional smile that said I don't like you or your grades and theirs nothing from stopping me from failing you. "Have a wonderful summer dear. And remember to make friends, but remember that if you don't, I'll always be your friend." she said, a wide grin on her face. It was so fake it was almost plastic. But I was always good at théâtre at least so I replied "Of course Mrs. Dodds." with a smile just to match hers. I turned on my heal and walked away. Why did she hate me so much I know I'm a terrible person, but she didn't know that...did she? I sighed if she did that would certainly explain a lot. When I'd first started the school, Mrs. Dodds went out of her way to make sure everybody knew I was dyslexic and had ADHD. She announced in front of the class to make sure that no one made fun of me or made me do extra work. Which did the opposite, and so did she. She made sure I was always doing more work, and sometimes more advanced work, than the students in our class. She'd say it was for my own good, and that I'd understand when I was older. Well I'm older know and I guess I do understand. She did because she knew what a horrible person I truly am I thought in shame. So she made sure I had no friends, that I couldn't influence anyone else. I chuckled sadly to myself, who am I kidding, I did this all on my own by being such a damn freak. Don't worry my non-exsistent readers. Percy will get his man soon enough and shake him out of his funk. :D Mata ne