mind killing whoever it was necessary to get it. (But who are you trying to kid, child? You wouldn't dare do it, and that's why you'll never change anything, the reason why you'll be stuck to a miserable life.) "I don't want to do it." Quietly, she walks towards you, and there you are the two of you, on the top of a small hill looking down over the camp that you loathe so much. Make it burn. They've been nothing but ungrateful for you. "Do what?" They hate you. Luke was right, they deserve to fall. "The prophecy. I never wanted any of this. I— I just wanted to be normal." You snort. It's unavoidable, really, and before long you are laughing loud, short intakes of breath to keep you from passing out. She smirks and pokes your side (and there she is, your big sister Annie —and how much you loved that you were the only one allowed to call her that— has come back." "What happened to your hair, little bug?" Oh. It's like a kick to the ribs, knocking the air out of your lungs and threatening to send you to the floor. Little bug. It's been years since anyone called you that. It's been years since the last time you felt wanted. "It was too long, and too boring. Now it's short and a little blue, just how I like it." She smiles, her lips thin and cracked, unlike years ago. She looks back to the camp ( killthemkillthemkillthem ) and sighs. "I never wanted any of this." And you don't say a word. "Luke is right, Annabeth! Why can't you see it? The gods hate us and this world needs to change!" You're losing her, you know. You just came back from death and Thals is slipping away. (Does it hurt, sweetie? I sure hope so.) How can she be so wrong? The gods aren't perfect, but what Kronos wants is complete destruction, and she will only be a piece in their game. Say goodbye, Anna Banana, you might not see her again. "Why can't you see how wrong you are, Thals? They want to kill everything, you hear me? Everything! Nothing will be alive after this, not even those on their side!" She looks at you with a rage that could make universes collapse on themselves. Although you'll never admit it to anyone, something hurts in your chest when you think about how grown up she is. (But mostly, what usually hurts is that you weren't there to see the transformation.) "For once in your life, Annabeth, admit that you are wrong." Wow, that hurts. Has she ever called you Annabeth before? No. You've always been Annie, the older sister, the one who would care and protect her from everything. But that's a seven-year-old we're talking about, and this young lady in front of you is now fourteen. You feel something break inside you —perhaps it's your soul—, and you whisper, softly, "I'm not." She leaves that night, and you cry the tears you haven't shed in your almost sixteen years of life. Three weeks later, you bow down to Artemis, swearing off men and achieving immortality. The prophecy is not your problem anymore. Sit back and let someone else take care of it for you. (Question is, when you were taking the pledge, did you think about how much Thalia wanted what you have?) Years pass, and the last thing you knew about her is that she became one of the Hunters and let the weight of an enormous fate fall upon someone else (poor, poor Percy.) (Late at night, when you let yourself think about everything you've left behind, you feel sorry for him. He didn't deserve being abandoned; but neither did you, and look how that ended.) So yeah, you go on with you life and pretend this isn't killing you and that you'll probably never see your sweet sixteen. Surprisingly enough, you're okay with that. Shouldn't it be disturbing, darling? You're just so young… War comes (and so does Percy's sixteenth birthday) and you are more than ready to fight. Knock those gods off their thrones, let Kronos think he has the power, and when they all least expect it— Bang. You'll make them, all of them, pay for what they did. An you'll finally be able to sit on your throne, like you were always meant to, with no one to tell you that you don't really belong. What you don't expect is an arrow in your back. Well , you think, there goes my brilliant plan . And honey, something must be terribly wrong with you if that's what you think when you start dying. You go in silence, seconds after that damned arrow, blood falling from your mouth and your fingers digging into the ground. You'll never know who shoot you. You'll never know who was you executioner. (Perhaps it's better this way. You still know all their names and favourite drinks and maybe it'd hurt just too much.) Go rest in peace, Thalia Chase. You fought well. It's perhaps eons later and you still visit her grave, knowing that this is the closer you'll be to her ever again. It makes breathing much more difficult. You shot her. You weren't aiming for her, but your arrow ended buried in her back and you'll never know how she looked right before dying. You didn't see the light leave her eyes. (And to make things worse, the last time you both talked was to years before her death, and you were arguing.) Will you ever forgive yourself? No. And you've got an eternity of remorse. "Hey there, little bug." And you walk away from the grave of who was like your sister, a paper plane ling forgotten on it. You'll seek redemption and peace in your next hunt. (And if things go well enough, you might see her again in the afterlife, like you were meant to.)