imposing on me?" I demanded. He blushed. "It's ambrosia and nectar, the food and drink of the gods." " What the bloody hell are you going on about? " He scratched the back of his neck. "Come on, I'll explain to you on the way." xxxXXXxxxXXXxxx I don't know how it happened. Somehow, Dan had hailed a taxi and loaded me into one and told the driver the address to whatever we were going. "Are you sure about that, sir? There's nothing there but a strawberry farm and hills." The driver told Dan. He nodded. "I'm sure. My… uncle, you could say, owns the arm. We're just visiting him." The driver nodded and licked his lips. "Tell him that I enjoy eating his strawberries. They're the best I've ever tasted." Dan nodded again. "You got it." Then he slid up the glass and turned to me. I punched him on the arm. "You're taking me to a bloody farm ? I think you're forgetting I have school tomorrow! And my dad will be worried sick." Dan waved it away. "Don't worry about your dad. He most likely already knows about why you're leaving." "What do you mean leaving ? I'm not going anywhere." I whisper yelled. " Don't worry , Raven." He assured me. Then he turned to stare out the window. "So much for explanations," I muttered. I then decided to follow his example and turn towards the window. I watched as the buildings, cars, buses, and other taxis rolled by. Before I knew it, I was fast asleep. xxxXXXxxxXXXxxx I had a horrible nightmare. Not that I would tell you right now. That would spoil everything. Let me just say, that it was a memory of the night that changed my life forever. When I woke up, the taxi had stopped and Dan was paying the driver. I saw him pass a thick wad of dollar bills to him. He smiled at me. "Let's go, Rave." I warily followed him out the car. The driver saluted us, sent Dan a wink, and drove off. I stared up at the gigantic hill that sat before me. At the very top (cough, cough, summit , cough, cough), an equally (maybe) tall pine tree stood sentry. A pile of glimmering bronze that puffed out steam was curled around the base, and a fuzzy golden bathmat was resting in the branches of the tree. I turned to Dan. "You have a weird Uncle, Daniel." Dan only chuckled at that and climbed up the hill with ease. Weird, he didn't even mind the fact that I had called him by his full name (something he despised ). I had no choice but to follow him. I couldn't shake the feeling that I was being watched. When we reached the top of the hill, I realized that the pile of bronze was not just a pile, but instead, a sleeping dragon. How did I notice that? Oh easy, I almost stepped on his snout . "What the hell? Can't your Uncle settle for a watch dog?" I hissed at Dan. He shrugged. "That's Peleus. He won't hurt you," "How do you know that?" "Because he's trained." "A trained dragon," I muttered. "That's just bloody fantastic." As it turned out, the fuzzy bath mat was not a fuzzy bath mat, but actually a shimmering golden sheep fleece. "What type of Christmas decoration is a bloody sheep fleece?" I wondered aloud. Dan rolled his eyes and pushed me over the other side of the hill. Immediately, everything changed. The boring old plain valley turned into a beautiful camp (or something like that). I got a glimpse of a sky blue farm house, a climbing wall, and a glittering lake. The smell of strawberries and burning fire filled the air. Then I made the mistake of taking a step, and I tripped. Next thing I know, I'm rolling down the hill, my back and stomach hitting roots and boulders. Dan hurried after me, but I was already long gone. When I finally reached the bottom, I was a tangled heap of bruised appendages and hurting backs. Dan helped me up. "Smooth, Rose, smooth as sandpaper." I pushed him. "Shut up, Dan." I then noticed two girls walking over. One of them had wavy blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail and gray eyes (A/N: Yes, Annabeth's hair is actually wavy instead of curly, just read the first chapter of Magnus Chase. Sorry for spoilers!) . She was wearing a simple bright orange T shirt, jean shorts, and sneakers. An ivory sword hung at her waist. The other girl looked like some deeply tanned Barbie. Safe to say, I paid more attention to her, even though it wasn't based on good intentions. She seemed to have color shifting eyes, and her choppy chocolate brown hair was braided on either side. She wore simple high waisted jean shorts, sneakers, and an identical shirt to the girl next to her. A leather sheath was wrapped around her waist. I stared at them suspiciously. The blonde greeted Dan first. "Welcome back, Dan. And good job with your recruition." She nodded. Dan smiled sheepishly, so something told me that this girl didn't hand out praise often. He gestured to me. "This is Raven Rose. Her parentage is unknown, but I think we will know by camp fire tonight, hopefully." The girls regarded me. I caught the tanned one staring at my hair. She caught my eye and I shrugged, my gaze never leading hers. "Raven, this is Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena," He pointed to the blonde girl, "And Piper McLean, daughter of Aphrodite." He pointed to the dark skinned Barbie. I nodded. Annabeth stuck out her hand. I grasped it. It was firm and strong. She smiled at me a little, her fierce gray eyes swirling. "Hey there, Raven. Welcome to Camp Half Blood." Author's Note: And there's chapter one! Thanks for reading! Chapter 2 will be out soon! XOXO, JeynaxPercabeth