and to just be there for her. She couldn't take it anymore. She thought her whole body might explode with emotions. She crept outside, avoiding the patrol harpies, and walked up to the door of the Poseidon cabin. She tried to contain her nerves and anxiety as she turned the handle and stepped inside. Of course, he was asleep. It was almost midnight. He looked so good just lying there, snoring slightly and drooling on his pillow. She closed the door and knelt next to his bed, looking into his face. Suddenly all the emotion she had been holding in for the last few weeks took over, and she collapsed onto the floor, crying. "I'm sorry Percy," she cried, as she sobbed uncontrollably into the floor. "I'm sorry. I never meant to get angry. You were right, I am stressed. You are the most important thing in my life. These last few days without you have been like a living nightmare. I'm sorry, it's all my fault. I was stupid. I shouldn't have gotten angry at you, any of those times, and I don't blame you for yelling at me. I'm really sorry, and I understand if you don't forgive me." Suddenly Percy was out of bed, wrapping his arms around Annabeth as she cried into his chest. "Hey, it's okay," he said gently. "Of course I forgive you, Annabeth. I could never live without you. The last few days have been torture, not being with you. I love you. I'm sorry I got angry at you. I know that you didn't mean anything you said. It's okay, Wise Girl. It's okay." Percy's POV Percy had never seen Annabeth like this. He woke to the sound of her crying next to his bed into the floor, saying that she was sorry and it was all her fault. It pained him to see her like this. He should have talked to her sooner, before she broke. She was still crying into his chest. "I'm sorry, Percy. I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I'm sorry." "Annabeth, it's okay. We're together now. I don't blame you for anything. It's okay." They continued like this for almost half an hour until Annabeth's crying died down. She was still in his arms, shaking. He gently pulled her face out of his chest, so he could look at her. Her whole face was red and her hair was a terrible mess. Percy kissed her on the head. "I'm sorry Annabeth, I didn't realise how much this fight was affecting you. I should have come and talked to you sooner." "I thought," Annabeth started, breathing shakily, "that I'd ruined it for good." She shook violently in his arms, but kept looking into his eyes. "I didn't think you'd ever want to speak to me again." "Annabeth, listen to me. No matter how many times you get angry, no matter how many times we fight, I will always want you back." "I love you," she told him as she wrapped her arms around him. "I love you too," he told her as he helped her up and onto his bed. After a little while longer, Annabeth fell asleep on Percy's bed. She must have been exhausted. Percy held her as she slept, and kept whispering in her ear, "I love you." Eventually Percy fell asleep too, and the two of them slept peacefully in each other's arms. Annabeth's POV Annabeth couldn't believe she had broken down like that. At least her and Percy were good now. She woke to the sound of him asleep next to her. His arms were still wrapped around her waist. She lay there for a while, thinking about how much of a relief it was to be with him again. Percy woke up and looked at her. He smiled and said, "come on, Wise Girl. Let's go get you some breakfast." Annabeth went back into her cabin to get dressed, then met Percy outside. He put his arm around her shoulders as they walked to breakfast. She was still embarrassed about breaking down last night and she still felt guilty. It was really awkward to be around him, but she wouldn't have wanted it any other way. Annabeth sat down next to him at his table. Unfortunately, Chiron noticed her and said, "Annabeth, you know you aren't supposed to be sitting here?" "Chiron," she blurted out hurriedly. "Please, let me sit here just for today. It's been a rough night and-" "it's okay," Chiron interrupted. "I suppose we can make an exception just for today." "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" She squeaked. "My dear, you'd better eat some breakfast. I'll see you later to check how those plans are coming along on." And with that he left. Annabeth looked at Percy, shocked. "The plans! I totally forgot!" "It's okay," Percy said. "We'll get it done. Together." Annabeth smiled at him gratefully. They finished breakfast quickly and then stood up. As much as she hated to say it, she said, "Percy i'm really sorry but i have to-" "it's okay. Let's go do your plans. I'm coming with you. They stood up and walked to the Athena cabin together. She was almost done. Turns out, it's much easier to work with Percy sitting right next to her. He didn't say anything, except when she started to look stressed. Then he said things like, "it's okay, you're going really well." He really didn't know how much she appreciated him being there. She'd been working for hours, when suddenly she looked at Percy. His face immediately tightened and looked worried. He was expecting her to start yelling. It made her really sad to see her boyfriend sitting there, anticipating a yelling match. Instead she said to him, "thank you. Thank you being so patient and encouraging me. I love you so much." She leaned over and kissed his lips softly, so glad to have her Seaweed Brain back. Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed it!