hear, I've turned into one enough times, but do they actually have ears?" "No," Annabeth answered. "Maybe Thalia doesn't know that." Percy said hopefully. Nobody really said anything in reply to that. Annabeth shook her head and walked around, saying hello to everybody. There were Travis and Katie, Connor at their side, all with huge smiles. Travis swore up and down that he didn't put any fireworks in the cake and Connor swore on the River Styx she would get no surprises today but Annabeth still wasn't sure. You could never trust those two. She was happy to see Katie though, and the two girls exchanged smiles and started talking about their kids, grandkids, etc. "Yes, my eldest son's currently in Egypt," Annabeth said. "Studying Egyptian gods," she rolled her eyes to say what she thought of those deities . "He's with a friend of mine's daughter. Not sure how I feel about that, but I don't know the daughter. The mother, Sadie Kane, says they're fine so I'll take her word on it. Besides, Luke's old enough to handle himself. Sadie Kane," Annabeth mused, deep in thought. "Have I introduced you two?" "Nope," Katie replied. "Hmm, maybe it's for the best." Annabeth said. "She's a handful." Katie grinned. "Well I've already got enough on my plate with these two," she indicated the two Stoll brothers who were deep in conversation. "Now that the kids are gone and having their own families it's like they need to fill the silence. I'm telling you, they've been crazier than usual lately." Annabeth continued to make small talk with the girl until Travis called his wife over. She then walked over to talk- briefly- with Chris and Clarisse. She said hello to Piper and Jason, had a great catch up with Frank and Hazel and got a surprise when she even spotted Rachel talking with Melanie. She went over to greet the Oracle but was interrupted by someone behind her saying her name. Everyone at this party Annabeth talked to regularly. Whether it was phone calls, visits, trips to Camp or just running into them on the street, Annabeth saw them all regularly. So when Leo's voice sounded from behind her she jumped in surprise. "Hey Annie, still partying it up in your old age." She turned around and was surprised when she was met with the sight of two immortals. "Leo!" She exclaimed, jumping to hug the young god who still had the appearance of a 16 year old. "Hey Calypso," Annabeth smiled at the titan. After the Giant War the gods had given each of the Seven one wish- exactly like what they had done with Percy the previous year. Leo had chosen immortality and had married Calypso. Since she was his immortal wife the spell had been broken and she had been free to roam where she pleased- although she usually stuck next to Leo. Leo helped his dad out in his forges, tinkering and building. He also ran a company on the side, Leo and Calypso's Garage: Auto Repair and Mechanical Monsters. Annabeth had been surprised, to say the least. Leo's wish had been a surprise and unexpected. "What are you doing here?" She asked them in surprise. "Isn't this forbidden or something? Won't Zeus have your hide?" Leo grinned. "It's only forbidden for gods to mess with their kids' lives. Your not my kid- thank Zeus, that would be so weird- so it's cool. We can do whatever." "Happy Birthday Annabeth," Calypso said. She looked over at the girl. "Thank you." Calypso and Annabeth had never really talked. There was a lot of history there, despite them only having met once or twice. Calypso had cursed Annabeth, Annabeth had taken away one of the loves of Calypso's life, Percy drama, Leo and Annabeth's overprotective big sister drama, girl drama and jealousy. But they were always polite when they saw each other. It was strange but they fell into a pattern and Annabeth was in no hurry to stir up trouble. They made small talk for a few minutes before they excused themselves. Leo said he was just gonna say a quick goodbye to the rest of the seven and they'd be out. The entire day went by in a blur. Finally, hours later, after delicious blue chocolate cake and singing and talking, everybody had left the Jackson's apartment. "Mom called," Percy told her. "She said to wish you a happy birthday and asked for you to call tomorrow. And your dad called again. He wished you happy birthday. Again." Frederick Chase was suffering from Alzheimer's so Annabeth supposed it shouldn't have been such a surprise to hear that. But it was. Percy read her face- as he had grown so well at doing- and changed the subject. "So, your party. Did you like it?" She smiled at him from her spot on the couch. "I did. Thank you." "So the party was a good idea?" "Yes, yes," Annabeth said. Sure, she had thought she wanted a quiet night, same as any other, but Percy had surprised her. He had said the party would make today memorable, special, happy and fun. As usual, when it came to her, he was right. "When did you start knowing me better than I know myself?" Annabeth asked him teasingly. His expression softened as he pushed back a strand of her hair. "I've always known who you are Annabeth," he said. "That was never a question." She shook her head, a smile tugging at her lips. "Gods, look at us. Old and married, kids and grandkids. Did you ever think we'd make it here?" "Honestly? Not really." Annabeth snorted at his reply. "But I'm glad we did." She looked up and met his eyes. "Me too," she replied softly. He smiled and kissed her- and Annabeth felt 16 again. oooOOOooo Happy Birthday Annabeth! July 12 th , it's her big day guys! Thanks for reading! Hope you liked it! Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3