guys don't understand! You all have girlfriends to go to the fireworks with. I don't." "Umm… I don't have a girlfriend," Percy piped in. Travis raised an eyebrow at him, not believing it for a second. "Right. All I'm saying is it's harder for me! You guys don't understand the pressure!" "Dude," Chris said before Percy could cut in with an argument. "I'm dating Clarisse. You have it easy." "I was only able to ask Silena after I almost died," Beckendorf added. Connor shrugged. "Claire's my girlfriend. Of course we're going together." "Hey, what about you Perce?" Chris asked. "Did you ask Annabeth?" Beckendorf snorted and Percy shot him a glare. "No-" "Do you really think that after four years Percy would suddenly work up courage to ask Annabeth out? No way, she asked him." Beckendorf cut in. "I saw it." "Seriously?" Connor exclaimed. "Please tell me she didn't ask you. Tell me it was the other way around." Percy blushed. "Well-" "Can we focus back on my problems?" Travis asked dramatically. "We get it, Percy's too scared to ask Annabeth out. Old news. What about me? I still haven't got a date tonight." "Ask someone then," Percy said, smartly choosing not to bite Travis's bait. "He won't," Connor interrupted. "The only girl my brother wants to go with is Katie and every time he gets near her he acts like an idiot." The brother turned to look at Travis. "Seriously dude, what am I supposed to do with strawberries? I don't even like them." "I like strawberries," Chris and Beckendorf said in unison. Beckendorf frowned a moment later. "Unless it's some sort of prank." Smart man. Travis shook his head dejectedly. "I didn't know what else to do! So I picked them with Katie and now Connor and I have strawberries neither of us wants." Percy shook his head. "So Connor told us the truth. Oh gods, Travis, I thought you were good with girls." "I am!" Travis said. "Katie's just… different." "He loves her." "Connor!" "Well you do," the younger brother rolled his eyes. "Although he still won't admit it." "I hate you," Travis said. "Nah you don't." Connor said. "I don't love her," Travis said to the rest of them. He was met with silence. Chris sighed. "Well I don't know what to tell you dude. Katie will be asked to the fireworks fast when people see you're not going to take her." "Why would they think I would take her?" Percy rolled his eyes. "The whole camp knows you guys like each other. It's not exactly easy to miss. Hades knows how you two haven't realized it." Travis stared at Percy in surprise, eyebrows raised. The irony of that statement…. He opened his mouth to reply but caught sight of Beckendorf shaking his head. 'Don't bother,' the son of Hephaestus mouthed from behind the son of Poseidon. Travis understood and bit back a grin before he sighed again. "This is hopeless." "Seriously," Connor agreed. "You're acting worse than Beckendorf with Silena. And that lasted years ." "Hey," the demigod in question frowned. "Like you were any better. 'Oh I like Claire, oh Claire likes somebody else, oh Claire's ignoring me, oh no, how do I ask Claire out-'" The boys laughed as Connor rolled his own eyes. "Whatever." "Seriously though, Travis," Percy said after they had all calmed down. "Just ask her. If you don't somebody else will." Travis just nodded. oooOOOooo "Doyouwanttogotothefireworkswithme?" Katie looked up at him from where she was sitting on the dock watching some new younger campers canoe. "What?" Travis frowned and sat beside her. "I said-" "No- I understand." Katie assured him, cheeks getting a little darker red. "I was just surprised." "Oh." They were quiet and it was extremely awkward. Travis wasn't sure if her answer was a yes or a no and he was about to get up and just say forget it when she spoke again. "You want to go to the fireworks with me?" He looked over at her; and for the first time in his life he saw Katie look uncertain. Shy almost. It was cute. "Yes," Travis didn't look away from her when he answered. "I do." Katie met his eyes, not even bothering to watch the campers who were canoeing. Percy was out there, Travis had seen him. The campers would be safe. "But you hate me," she said. "We- we hate each other. That's our thing . Everyone knows it." Travis shrugged. "I figure we can hate each other and go to the fireworks together anyway," he said. "No," she objected. "You don't go to the fireworks with somebody you hate. You go with someone you like. Maybe even love. If we go to the fireworks it will be like admitting we don't actually hate each other." "Well we don't." He pointed out. "At least… I don't hate you." He looked at her uncertainly and she moved her gaze out to look over the water once more. "You're asking me to the biggest dating event of the summer for demigods," Katie said. "What does that mean?" "If you don't want to go-" "No," Katie interrupted him right away. "I do. I want to go with you. But I need to know if this is a date or not," she finished, turning to pierce him with her gaze. His mouth suddenly went dry. "Would you still go if it was a date." She hesitated, eyes flickering across his face unsure. But then she straightened a bit. "Yes." Travis's breath left him in relief. "Then it's a date." He said, smiling at her. She grinned back at him. "I suppose if we don't hate each other anymore it makes room for liking each other." Or loving , Travis thought to himself but didn't say out loud. He grinned. It was only their first date after all. oooOOOooo Written for the free week of PJO Ship Weeks 2014. I wanted some Tratie. Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3