wanted to laugh. That name did not sound nice when abbreviated. Annabeth smiled as she noticed that her companion was attracting unwanted attention. "They don't like you here," she told her quietly. Artemis noticed how the other agents were either staring or glaring at her. Artemis was proud to be a Natural, and so she showed it. She wore a gray tank top and pants that showed a little skin to indicate that her legs were not Augmented. "I suggest you don't look back at them," Annabeth commented casually when she noticed Artemis engaging in a staredown with one of the Captains, Reyna. Reyna was not the kind of person you wanted to be on the bad side of. Artemis ignored her and kept her stare with Reyna. Eventually Reyna huffed and turned back over to her documents. Artemis smirked in triumph. Tired of her games, Annabeth rolled her eyes and grabbed her shoulder, practically tugging her over to Director Zeus' room. She grabbed the key card from her pocket and unlocked the door. Annabeth pushed Artemis inside and closed the door behind her. "I don't need to go to Agent Solace, I'm in perfect battle condition-" Artemis took a few steps forward. An older man, likely in his mid-sixties, sat at his chair, facing her. Despite his age, he looked strong and powerful. He had a large black beard with streaks of white. His electric blue eyes landed on her, and she felt the need to back away. He was intimidating. The man that wasn't facing her was tall, and had wild black hair. He wore armor and looked ready to break into a large corporation's headquarters. A rifle was strapped to his back. As Artemis slowly approached the desk, feeling a little embarrassed she had interrupted the man, he turned around. Artemis couldn't help but stare. The stranger had the most handsome face she had ever seen; he had beautiful sea green eyes that seemed almost like they glowed, and perfect lips. And his jawline, though… The stranger raised a brow at her, and she held back the urge to swoon. "Annabeth couldn't even wait twenty minutes." She realized that she recognized his voice. He was the man who had given her the Ambrosia. What had Annabeth called him? Seaweed Brain. That's right. Seaweed Brain sighed and walked past Artemis. She wanted to swoon again when she smelled his cologne. "I'll be back when you're done speaking with her." He left the room. The room was silent for the next few moments. Zeus eyed her suspiciously, and Artemis felt herself tense. "Have a seat," he said, his tone was that of a strong command. Artemis obeyed, and sat at the chair before him. "Why have you come to seek us?" Artemis looked away. She didn't want to look into Zeus' cold blue eyes. "I was chasing down an agent of yours. Or at least I am assuming he is an agent," she knew it was not in her best interest to lie to this man. It would likely catch up with her. "He killed three innocents. The police weren't catching him, so I decided to take matters into my own hands." Zeus nodded slightly and laced his fingers together. "Artemis," he said, "I do not like to beat around the bush. I am a straight-to-the-point kind of man. You have proved to be a very capable woman, tracking down one of our best. But I am afraid that since you have seen our headquarters, we cannot let you go." He leaned forward, and he kept her gaze. "You will work with us and for us. Agent Jackson insists that you are to be spared. He even said he would take you in as his partner." "You don't know me," Artemis growled. "I'm a Natural, aren't I? I'm supposed to be weaker , I can't live up to your standards, now can I?" her tone had taken on a mocking quality to it. Zeus smiled, though the smile did not reach his eyes. They remained as cold as ever. "I know you, Artemis. You're a mercenary, the infamous Huntress of the Augmented. We know you're in all sorts of trouble with the Titan Group since you took their CFO out of power. Trust me when I say I know the extent of what you can do. Do not try to play innocent and weak with me." Artemis scowled at him, her arms crossed over her chest. "I would rather die than work with the Augmented." Zeus' gaze darkened. "I'm afraid you do not have a choice, Artemis. I would release you if that was your choice, but I'm afraid the Titan Group would have you killed. We are not the bad guys here. If we can prevent a death, we will." Artemis was prepared to shake her head, when all of the sudden, someone was yelling. It was frantic, and she could hear the commotion outside. Zeus got up and looked out of his window. His eyes widened slightly, and he left the room. Artemis paused, before following him. Every agent in the room was gathered in front of the TVs, and everyone was silent. Silena Beauregard's voice was the only one to be heard. "The recent bombing near Main Avenue train station has fatally injured thirty and killed twenty-two. Recent evidence has revealed that this bombing was orchestrated by an Augmented, as shown by security footage." Author's Note: I will definitely keep writing this. So there are some disclaimers here, basically the universe this is set in is the Deus Ex: Mankind Divided universe. I just thought the AU would be really neat with Pertemis and paralled well with the PJO universe. Although I borrowed many elements from the video game (that's right, it's a game) most of the plot will be my own ideas. (BTW, sorry for the bad summaries. It was kind of difficult for me to write a summary for this.) I hope you enjoyed!