left, in kitchens as his children and his grandchildren came to say their goodbyes and to murmur their consolations to a father and a grandfather who she had held in her arms when he was four hours old. She took her leave from the Lady to stay with him for the twenty months that it took for the love of her brother's life to die, withering away from a beautiful white-haired woman to nothing but the quiet brilliance of eyes that never settled to a single color, and on the cold January day when they finally buried her, she was the one who kept Jason from falling to the ground and never standing up again. Five months, three weeks, and two days later, Thalia Grace buried her little brother. Jason Grace was sixty-four years old when he died-four times older than his big sister would ever be. Thalia found him, sitting on the couch looking out over the barren Nevada sunrise, the screen doors open to let the sunlight in, a mug of coffee lukewarm on the coffee table by his feet and his thick glasses. His eyes-electricity faded to the same silvery-white as his hair-were closed, his lips curved into the faintest smile imaginable so that the scar on his upper lip that had been hidden by wrinkles for years now was just barely visible in the growing light. And Thalia fell to her knees, there in front of the empty body of her little brother, and she cried. She squeezed her eyes closed, but she couldn't stop the memories. Her little brother...her baby, her mom had told her she used to call him-had walked into the hospital with her dad the day he was born asking to see "her baby." Her baby. She'd held him through countless temper tantrums, fed him, laughed at him, fallen asleep at night with an arm through the bars of his crib...Had been too late to stop him from trying to eat a stapler. Had potty-trained him, changed his diapers, taken him on walks, held him in her lap while he clapped along to thunderstorms. She'd lost him once already, screamed and cried and mourned, and then she'd had him back...had watched him grow up, grow old enough to be her grandfather... And now she'd lost him one last time. The thunder had gathered almost without her realizing it, a single lightning bolt that struck with enough fury outside the house to turn the sand to glass, set the grass blazing-but there was so much pain and so much grief that it kept striking, a million craters, a thousand rumbles of thunder, more power than she'd ever even dreamed of having, but she could barely feel it...she was hollow, numb, and so far away from the pain and the tears that she burned herself out barely realizing it until she woke up in the midst of the most powerful storm she'd ever seen, a flooding house and a field of glass outside. And a week later when the storm she'd started finally stopped, she was the one to lay him down in the ground for the last time, and she ran away from it all and wished for death for so long that she lost track of the time...but eventually you had to keep going. And so she did. And then Percy Jackson was dead...sixty-seven years old and slipped away in his sleep somewhere in the six months that she'd disappeared from the world. Percy Jackson with eyes that stayed fluorescent green until the day he died, and hair that was still a gray barely lighter than black-who still called her Pinecone Face and winked whenever he invited her along to third-wheel with him and Annabeth on dates, (even when he was old enough to be her grandfather). Percy Jackson who Thalia could still remember leaning over her when she opened her eyes still mostly a tree, who'd once drenched her with a tidal wave of a creek, who she'd hated for a while for stealing her little sister away from her, who she'd finally started counting on to always be at her back when she realized that no matter how hard she tried, he wasn't going away. Percy Jackson, the greatest hero Thalia had ever known...dead not because of a monster but simply because he was human. And it was hard, but she was still so numb and empty from Jason dying that she barely cried when she learned that he was gone too- Just kept going. And Annabeth Chase held on for six years after her Seaweed Brain died, smiling at his picture that she carried in her wallet and softening imperceptibly and then all too quickly with the sadness in her eyes, and then she was seventy-three years old and one of her children held her hand as her heart quietly stopped beating in a hospital bed. And Thalia didn't go to the funeral-there was no one left alive to remember to invite her, to remember to care about the strangely immortal girl that had kept Annabeth alive when she was seven years old and living on the streets with nothing but a hammer and one of her father's flannel shirts. Instead she sat in a pine tree and thought about all of the faces that had passed away...everyone besides the gods and the centaurs and the Hunters who would remember her, everyone that she had lost-and she was still the Lady's lieutenant, still one day shy of sixteen years old. Her brother gone, every friend she'd had...and so many Hunters, so many others, lost over that time too... And, not-quite cold in the top branches of a pine tree, tears whipped away from her frozen face by the moonlit wind, too numb and exhausted and empty and sorrowful to cry, that was when Thalia Grace learned that slitting your own wrists doesn't count as combat, and a Hunter has no choice but to keep going. And so she did.