turns his head to the right and there they are— the couple he's been following for weeks. A blonde haired girl and a guy with eyes that are the colour of the sea behind him. Ding, ding, ding! ( Tu premio, cariño .) After five years of searching what cannot be found, a young couple from his past with brand new memories and problems stand before him. Quite a shock, huh? "Quit talking, I'm trying to think." That's rich, honey, especially coming from you. Think what, how to approach them without them thinking you are insane and sending you to a mental institution? "I'm trying to come up with a way to give them their memories back." What? You think you have a chance? *Cue laughter* My sweet little Nico, look at them. She sleeps around because she tries to find love and kills without remorse and avoids eating, and he drinks himself to oblivion every night and tries too many drugs and hates his life. Do you really think they want more trouble? "Whoa, whoa, whoa. What?" They have a lifetime worth of problems. Do you honestly think you can just go to them and convince them to go back to a life ruled by petty monsters and uncaring gods and absent parents? What is wrong with you? "But it's their life!" And how are you going to give them their memories back? Because I know for a fact that they won't believe you unless you have proof. So, tell me, do you really think they'll get involved in more trouble willingly? I don't think so. "But it's their life!" It was once. Look at them now. Honey, they have normal lives. That's all they ever wanted. Will you really take away the only thing they truly wished, only because of your own desires? Are you really that selfish? Honey, you were heavy in their arms (but they have the weight of the world when you hold them.) "They don't belong here." Let me tell you a secret, my little soldatino: nobody really does. "Don't call me that." Why not? You used to like it when your mother called you that. "How do you even know that information?" Sweetheart, I already told you— the narrator knows everything. A young Italian boy —don't jump into conclusions, he's older than any of you— stands in the middle of a Florida beach (waves leaping at his feet, and maybe that should make him feel on the top of the world, but it really doesn't), watching the retreating couple. He knows they will sleep together tonight, although he remains ignorant to the fact that she will be gone in the morning and he will be drunk by the time the clock reaches the number ten. There's nothing he can do to avoid that, not really. "Their lives are horrible. How do you know they won't want to come back?" Nico, dear, everybody has problems, in one way or another. They are not an exception. "Usually, not such big problems, though." My little dark angel, you may know everything about the dead— but seems like you don't know anything about the living. (You don't know what some people go through.) "I was born in the 1940's and my father is the god of the dead. I really think I do." Most of those with problems can't blame a supernatural parent for them. The kid —a man, really— stares at the setting sun and wonders if he has wasted the last five years of his life. Asks himself if he knew that this was damned from the start, but he just chose to ignore it. He's young. He's still has to learn than everyone makes mistakes and the price you pay for them is an undefined amount of your precious time. (The same time that tickles down quickly, reminding us that our hour is one second closer. The same time we're all running out of.) For some it's a second, a mere moment; for other it's a whole lifetime. Five years is not such a bad deal. "Do you honestly think they'll be okay?" His voice is rough, grave, like he's trying not to shed the tears he's been keeping in for the last five years. No. But we can only hope. It's not our story anymore, young one. He nods. Perhaps keeping the tears at bay is a much more difficult task that he originally thought. But it's okay. There's no one here to judge a young man who just lost the love of his life to an existence that's not really his. He can cry. A couple whose lives don't truly fit together walks slowly along the beach line, fingers intertwined and promises that are already broken whispered between them. A man with a past he'd rather not mention again glances at his shoes briefly, only to look up at the sky with a knowing smile on his lips. He found them. His mission is complete. He can go home now. Once, a boy who was more a man than a child, ran a thousand miles and fought a hundred monsters and saved a billion souls. Now, a kid that was never a boy (not really) walks away from the greatest heroes he ever knew; and maybe that's the bravest thing I've seen. On his left, the sun sets behind and endless ocean. Okay, before you kill me for the ending, I must say that this ending was planned all along, even in the first version. Well, in the previous version Annabeth and Percy were a happy mortal couple who didn't have so many problems, but Nico didn't take them back to camp. Poor Nico spent five years only to have to walk away without even saying hello. My poor sweetheart. Well, I hope you likes this; and don't forget to review, fav or to correct one of my mistakes. I'm always available if you have any suggestions or doubts. Thanks for reading!