to register that the Romans and Greeks were fighting together, but she didn't have time to fully process the thought. As she fought, she became aware of how unbalanced Riptide was. It may have worked for someone like Percy, but she was better accustomed to daggers and light-weight swords, not bronze swords that were over two feet long. Her arm was aching, her eyes were stinging from sweat and dust, her throat was scratchy, and her hand stung worse than ever. She wasn't sure how much longer she would be able to fight with such a heavy weapon. She heard a loud roar and spun to see a cyclops standing over a scrawny demigod with a helmet covering his curly brown hair. He tried to scramble back, but they all knew he wouldn't be able to get out of reach. The cyclops grinned, his eyes flashing with triumph, and he raised his club. "No!" Annabeth cried. She sprinted forward and sliced up, putting a gash on his stomach. He stumbled back in surprise, but he didn't look wounded as much as annoyed. He turned on Annabeth and growled menacingly. Annabeth raised Riptide, its tip trembling from the strain she was putting on her arm. She suddenly regretted not listening to Chiron when he told her to become efficient with weapons in both hands. As the monster took a step forward, someone flew out of nowhere-literally flew - and kicked it in its single eye. It screamed and swatted at the air, but the demigod easily dodged it and sliced at its face, connecting and slicing off a good chunk of his nose. The cyclops fell to his knees and held his face in his hands, where Annabeth was able to finish it off. "Jason!" she shouted happily. "Annabeth!" He landed. "Where have you been? You know what, don't answer that right now. We'll have plenty of time after we beat these losers." He gave her a warm smile before jumping back into the fray. Annabeth heard someone else call her name and turned to see the demigod who had been on the ground. She immediately recognized him. "Leo? Why are you out here? Shouldn't you be-" "Back at the bunker or on the ship? Making something?" Leo shrugged. "Maybe. But I felt useless, so I decided, why not?" "That's why not!" Annabeth pointed to the pile ash that used to be a cyclops. "You could get killed!" "So could you!" Leo protested. "Let me do something!" Annabeth shook her head. "I'm not in charge of you. Just don't die, okay?" Leo grinned impishly and dashed off, undoubtedly to invent something that would explode. Suddenly, the ground shook beneath them. The noise died down as everyone struggled to regain their balance. Annabeth knew immediately what was happening. The cut on her hand, her blood… Where was Percy? A deep laugh echoed through the field. It sent a chill up Annabeth;s spine. No, no, no . A huge woman appeared from the east. She towered over even the giants, who knelt. Her skin was pure white, her dress interwoven with blades of grass. Her hair was brown and tangled together like tree roots, covered in dirt. Her eyes were completely green. She smiled malevolently as a whole host of new monsters filed in behind her. Annabeth's jaw dropped. She hadn't even heard of some of these monsters before, and, considering the extensive research she had done in her time, that was saying something. These were monsters from before her time, before the gods, even. They were ancient, and reeked of power. She could feel it, even from so far away. They had no chance. Someone walked next to Annabeth and sighed. "Of course, she would have friends," Hazel said. Annabeth didn't even greet her, and neither did Hazel. They gazed at the new army that had been summoned out of the depths of the earth, and Annabeth felt true fear, the likes of which she had not felt since she and Percy faced Tartarus in, well, Tartarus. The thought of Tartarus brought back an overwhelming flood of memories that she couldn't deal with at the moment. She tried to shove them to the back of her mind, but not before she thought, Bob . She almost started crying, but she needed to stay strong. Gaea was literally standing right in front of her. Then someone nearer to the front screamed something that sounded like, "Mercy!" "What?" Hazel muttered. Then a hellhound stepped out in front of Gaea and bowed low. Its snout touched the ground, and something slid off its back and onto the ground. Gaea knelt, all twenty feet of her, and smiled. It didn't reach her eyes. She sighed, and a deathly silence filled the air as everyone waited for her to say something. Annabeth thought it was strange that she hadn't already. She had thought that Gaea would come in, guns ablazing and immediately start talking, praising herself and telling everyone how they were going to die immediately. You know, the usual stuff. Instead, she just looked up and said, "Such a shame. Made it through Tartarus just to end up here." Annabeth's vision blurred. What? No. No, nonononono. No, she couldn't be talking about Percy, could she? Annabeth felt horrible for it, but she hoped it was Nico. He had survived Tartarus once, hadn't he? All she could see was a shock of messy black hair, but that did nothing to reassure her. Hazel had gasped and put her hand on Annabeth's shoulder, but Annabeth shook it off, because it wasn't Percy. It wasn't. Soon, he was going to pop out of the forest and yell that it was all a trick, he was still alive. He couldn't be dead. She refused to believe it. Gaea laughed. "No, dear daughter of Athena. He isn't dead. I wanted you to see that for yourself." And at that, as if rehearsed, the entire army of Gaea came flying at them.