walked over and grabbed it, flipping through the pages until she landed on her class candid shots. She scanned the page, flipping through it for last names starting with J, until she found who she was looking for. Percy Jackson's life goal is to see everybody he cares about happy. Annabeth smiled at that, despite how cheesy it was. She looked at his picture, noticing a necklace he was wearing that seemed strangely familiar to her. It had five beads on it but the markings on them were too small to make out in the picture. His hair was sticking up and looked kinda crazy but sexy at the same time. He was a skater guy type, no doubt about it, but instead of being repulsed Annaebth was strangely attracted to him. And his eyes, gods those eyes... She shook her head. Boyfriend, Annabeth, you have a boyfriend. She flipped back to the page with her on it and looked down to see her life goal. Annabeth Chase's life goal is to get married to Luke Castellan. She wrinkled her nose at it. Compared to Percy's, her life goal was shallow, if not self absorbed. For some reason that disappointed her. She had wanted to say her life goal was to becom an architect, but Piper had told her that nobody would care and had told her to write something about Luke because that would be amazingly cute. So she had erased her goal of becoming an architect and had said she wanted to marry Luke. Annabeth flipped back to Percy's picture and couldn't help but stare, taking in every detail. He really was cute, she thought. But there was something else about him, something deeper. There was a look in his eyes... Annabeth closed her yearbook, replacing it on the shelf and moved to her desk, starting up her computer. Hurriedly she logged on and clicked onto Facebook, logging in and searching up the name 'Percy Jackson.' She was friends with him, Annabeth realized. She must have accepted without really knowing who he was. All of his posts must have been lost to her amidst the others from her friends and relatives. He was single, she saw, and he liked sports. Funny, she couldn't remember seeing him on any of the sports teams. Or at any of Luke's games. "Annabeth!" Athena called up. "Turn that music down! And get downstairs, it's time for dinner!" "Coming!" She called back, trying not to let her annoyance show through in her tone. She got off of Percy's page, scolding herself. What was she doing, practically stalking a guy she had just talked to today? Why was she so obsessed with him? She turned off her computer and headed downstairs, hurrying to her seat at the dining table. Tonight was chicken breast with a side of salad, Annabeth saw. "The food tastes wonderful dear," her dad said after a few minutes of silent eating. "Thank you," Athena replied with a smile. Annabeth's dad was the only one who could still make Athena smile like that. "I used a new recipe I found the other day." "It is really good mom," Annabeth said. Athena turned to her. "Sit straight when you're eating dear," she said. Immediately Annabeth corrected her (slight) slouch and continued eating in silence. There was a few more minutes of silence before Athena spoke. "So, Annabeth, how was school today?" "Fine," Annabeth replied. When she looked up and saw Athena gazing at her expectantly she sighed. "I got 100% in my math test from yesterday and knew all of my history lesson today. Gym was the same as usual and science... well I did everything Mrs. Mccoy asked me to." Athena nodded, satisfied, and continued to eat. "Good. You need to keep your grades up if you want to go to Harvard or Stanford." Annabeth smiled uneasily. "Right." Her dad complimented Annabeth on her work effort, spoke a bit to her mother and then dinner was finished and Annabeth headed back upstairs to her room. She checked her phone and saw she had two new texts, one from Luke and one from Thalia. She checked Thalia's first. 'Wat happened with u & Perce 2day?' 'Nothing really.' Annabeth replied. 'How do u kno him?' The she checked Luke's. 'Real srry bout wat happened. Call me and I'll make it up to u, promise." Annabeth frowned and sighed. As far as apologies went that was about the best she would get from Luke. 'It's ok, I'll call u tomorrow. Got hw to do 2nite.' He replied a second later. 'K.' Thalia replied to her text right after that and Annabeth opened it. 'Percy's Jason and I's cousin. So is Nico.' 'Woah,' Annabeth replied. 'For real? Why don't they hang out with us?' 'Perce and Luke don't get along,' Thalia replied a minute later. 'Plus Percy would never ditch his friends like that.' Annabeth read the message but didn't reply, Thalia's answer reminded her of what Percy had said to her after gym that day. She hadn't ditched Grover, not really. They had just drifted apart. Right? She shook her head and took her Ipod and earbuds out to listen to music, laying back on her bed. She closed her eyes but was still unable to get the look in Percy's eyes as he had spoken to her out of her mind. Revulsion. He judged her so harshly and he didn't even know her. He knew nothing about her, or her life. How could he possibly think he had a right to stand there and deal out judgement when they had barely had a conversation? She fell asleep after thinking and tossing and turning a bit, Percy's eyes burning the image of themselves into her mind. oooOOOooo Good first chapter? Review and tell me what you think! Next chapter will explain background stories more, I just needed an opening!Plus you can be sure of more Percebeth to come! And soon! Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3