running a hand through his hair in distress before opening them once more. "I understand that you worked hard to get into a good school. Really, Clarisse, you know I get that. But I'm going to Duke. It's the best place I was accepted. You know that too. And I don't want to hold you back, the gods know I don't, but I can't stand the thought of not being able to see you for months." How was it that she and Chris had made it through everything they had, had endured so much, and now it was something as stupid and simple as a choice between colleges that could break them up? Clarisse heard everything Chris was saying, and she agreed with him. Being away from each other would be awful. Worse than torture. But she had worked so hard to make it into a school as good as Notre Dame, and one as far away from her home. From her mother. And maybe, deep down, she didn't want to be one of those girls who couldn't stand to be apart from her boyfriend for a long time. Maybe she wasn't ready to forgo a better college and make the statement to everybody else that said, 'I'm staying with Chris because I love him.' She didn't want to be the girl that gave up the better school (one that was almost impossible to get into) just because her boyfriend wasn't accepted there. It was a big deal for her. But so was Chris. Shouldn't that make the choice for her? Deep down she knew she wanted to be with him. She wanted to go to Duke- she didn't need some big, fancy school where she didn't know anybody. Duke was a good school, she would do well there. And there would be Chris. That was enough, she knew it would be. So why couldn't she just say that? They had been going back and forth about this for weeks now. But with the Giant War, and Gaea, they hadn't really found a good time to talk. And Chris wanted to talk now ? "Chris, I'm tired." She told him. "I don't want to deal with this right now." He sighed and she expected him to relent, give up like he had the past few days and wait for another time to strike. He didn't. "I know you," he told her sincerely. "I know what you do when you're unsure about something, I know how you act. And Clarisse, I know you want to be with me just as much as I want to be with you. But you have to do something about it. This is your decision, not mine." "I don't know what I want." She regretted the words as soon as they left her mouth, because they were a lie. She did know what she wanted. She wanted to beat Gaea back into a sleep, kill her giants, and be with Chris to celebrate. She wanted to stay with him, and hear him sing off tune in the shower (because he always did that) and steal his old novels to read. She wanted to watch him become a school guidance counsellor and wanted him to watch her figure out what she wanted to do with her life. And she wanted to eat her words because she knew they would hurt him. "You're tired," he said after an awkward pause. "And I know you want to stab me with your spear for pushing you." He tilted his head to the side- a gesture Clarisse always thought was cute. "I just want you to know that I want to be with you," he said tenderly. "But whatever you want, whatever you decide… well I'm not going to just give up on us. We can try and make it work. Phone calls occasionally and we can try to Skype; if we don't attract all of the monsters to our poor schools we can keep doing that. Plus we'll always have summers." She looked into his eyes, seeing that he was being honest. But she also knew, in her heart, that phone calls and Skyping and summers weren't going to be enough. Not anymore. They were adults now, or close enough. They needed to be together . Oh gods, she really must love him. Nobody else could reduce her to acting like such a… girl. Nobody else could make her feel so vulnerable. "Kiss me," she said. He did the smart thing and complied. Could she really go a full 9 months (at the least) without seeing him? Without being able to kiss him like this? Without making new memories with him and reliving old ones and just being together? No. Damn him for being such a good kisser. So she said the thing she had been afraid to admit for weeks, days, minutes. "I want to go to Duke," she said, breaking off from their kiss. "I want to be with you." He let out a breath and it took Clarisse a moment to identify it as a breath of relief. He had really been working himself up over this. Well good. Because so had she. "Really?" He pulled away, eyes hopeful and excited. "You're not just agreeing because I pressured you, right? You're really sure about this?" "What are you doing, trying to get me to change my mind?" She asked, laughing. The way she felt right now… she knew she was making the right decision. "No," he said before leaning into kiss her, again and again. "Definitely not." Another kiss. "What made you decide?" She smiled against his lips. "Somebody needs to threaten all of the girls who are sure to throw themselves at you." "I wouldn't want it to be anybody else," he replied. It was their own special way of saying 'I love you.' Clarisse wouldn't have it any other way. oooOOOooo Written for PJO Ship Weeks 2014, ClarissexChris. Thanks for reading! Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3