the strategies between the two of them.) It's good for her, she realizes as she raises her arm to block Percy's strike with Riptide, to be reminded that she underestimates Percy sometimes. After that she doesn't think much, just tries not to be stabbed by the boy who'd promised her late one night that he'd never hurt her. But this was capture the flag; he's forgiven. Usually when she spars with Percy she speaks. It's strange to have nothing but their heavy breathing, the clang of their blades and the sounds of Jason and Piper's fight to break the silence. They would throw taunts back and forth, to try to distract each other and gain the upper hand. When she meets Percy's eyes for a brief second before slashing at his breast plate, she knows he's thinking along similar lines and can't help but smile because it's so amazing to have somebody she can communicate with even without words. It's because of a few stupid pebbles that she's defeated. She's just jumped up on the lowest ring of rock of Zeus's Fist and is balancing precariously and parrying Percy's hits when she steps on a few pebbles and slides forward, losing her balance and almost falling. For a second her stomach lurches and she's terrified, because any fall scares her after Tartarus, but Percy's arms catch her and his muscles tense as he supports her weight for a couple of seconds before easing her on the ground in the same movement he caught her and standing over her to point Riptide at her throat. "Dead," he announces, grinning like a madman. She narrows her eyes and he only winks at her- winks!- before turning his head slightly to yell, "Travis!" Usually that was when Annabeth would have made her move, when he was distracted. But Percy knows her too well and as he looks to the trees around them he pushes the tip of Riptide just a bit closer to her throat in warning and in a few seconds he's looking at her once more like a hawk. So much for that. Travis, who apparently forwent the earplugs, appears leading hand in hand a stunned, swollen lipped Katie who looks dazed, her sword hanging at her side. Percy looks over at Jason, who's laying underneath Piper who is holding her dagger at his throat and rolls his eyes at his cousin but grins at the sight nonetheless. "Take Annabeth and Katie to the prison," Percy tells Travis. "Piper needs to go and take Jason," he grins up at the flag embellished with a triton in the middle of it that's resting on top of Zeus's Fist. "As for me, I've got a flag to get." Annabeth glares at Percy as he steps away from her, heading towards the pile of rocks. "Piper!" She yells as Travis helps her up, "Protect the flag! Jason can wait!" Percy's already leaping up to the top of the rock pile and the last thing Annabeth sees before trees block her view of her friends is Percy holding the flag in one hand and sparring with Piper while trying to get down. Annabeth turns and follows her friends. "Katie," she hisses, "what were you doing?" Katie blushes but stares resolutely at Travis's back, who's walking ahead of them. "Annabeth-" "You don't just start making out with your boyfriend in the middle of the game when you're supposed to be guarding the flag, Kates!" Katie raises an eyebrow at her as she gives her an unimpressed look. "May I remind you how Percy got the flag in the first place two weeks ago? Who was making out with her boyfriend while supposed to be guarding the flag then, hmm? I'm not the only one who's been disarmed while getting distracted." Annabeth flushed. "That's different," she mutters. "Ares cabin had the flag and we all needed them to get rid of it." "Uh huh." Katie's voice is disbelieving. "I'm just saying, I know you set up a lot of great traps tonight, and I know I was part of the final defense, but I'm not the only one who slipped in this game." Travis looks back at them, waiting for them to fall into step beside him instead of behind. He links hands with Katie and shoots Annabeth a devilish smile, wiggling his eyebrows. "Face it, ladies," he says smugly. "Us boys are just irresistible." Annabeth and Katie roll their eyes and scoff at the same time, both muttering, "You wish," and "Yeah right." Travis fakes a look of hurt. "Now Annabeth," he scolds, wagging a finger at her. "You love poor ol' Perce, we know you do. And Katie Kat," he shakes his head. "Just the other day you were telling me-" "Travis!" Katie claps a hand over his mouthing, shooting daggers at him and a worried glance towards Annabeth. "Shut up." He laughs and moves his head out from under her hand and the emerge at the campfire clearing where a small group of Annabeth's team sit, looking bored at the ground while Clovis and the other Hypos kids sleep in various positions on the ground, sitting logs and even other people's laps. Annabeth stops, hands on her hips, and stares at her team. Leo just looks straight back at her. "Your boyfriend can make hurricanes," he says. "Don't look at us like that." She throws her hands up in the air and stomps over to sit beside him, taking Clovis' feet and placing them in her lap. She's willing to bet drachma that the game ends within the next ten minutes with Percy somehow sneaking back over the team border to his side. She's willing to bet double that nobody from her team is heading their way to try to save them. When the conch horn blows four minutes later she just rolls her eyes and pushes off the log, heading straight to the showers. Next time, she promises herself. Next time she'll win.