ΣΩΘΔ To say I was angry would be a major understatement. My normally calm and laid-back demeanor slowly changed as my face twisted in an all - consuming rage. The very last thing I ever wanted outside of my palace walls was missing. The one thing – besides my Trident - that was in need of protection at all times and was not to be removed, had been stolen. My son, Triton, had been equally displeased when I informed him of the news. I didn't even bother to cease the earthquake now destroying California. "Father, it is imperative that the Olympians do not get wind of this. There would be complete chaos." Triton hissed. Despite the lack of respect his tone projected, I let it pass, understanding of the temper he'd gained from me. I shifted forward in my seat, my restraint already worn thin at the possibility of yet another war. "I am aware, my son. We must find it – yet remain wary while doing so. For us to succeed, our search must be conducted in secret." "Yet we may need help, Father." I disliked the thought. Judging from Triton's disgusted sneer, the idea didn't appeal to him either. "Though I loathe the possibility, we must be realistic. I cannot do this alone and you cannot interfere at all. No, that would draw suspicion. If we had any leads it would be possible for a small group of merpeople to be handed a quest, yet … " Immediately, I dismissed Tritons proposal; I would not have my people knowing how incompetent the palace guards seemed to have grown. That it has been made possible to steal from their King. No. No, that would certainly not do. Yet even as incompetent as they were, surely it had been somewhat difficult to by-pass security – however little of it there may have been given the circumstance. Therefore, who could have possibly done so? No deity native to Olympus could have. Each and every one of them were, like he, enraptured in the War. Yet it could not have been Polybotes, or any of his barbaric slaves – they'd all been put down, in a manor not-so-similar or forgiving as the dogs they clearly were. Nor could it have been a Demigod; Camp Half-Blood – like Olympus – was engrossed in battle. Although, Camp Half-Blood could indeed assist – at least one Demigod could anyway. It was no secret I desired Alyssa's presence in Atlantis, perhaps this unfortunate mishap could very well be my golden ticket – neither my son, nor my wife could object to her presence should she offer aid. "Son," Commanding Triton's attention proved easily. The order itself however, would not be so – for him, anyway. "I need you to do something for me." I knew of Triton's distaste. Yes, he wasn't as difficult towards Alyssa as my wife had been, I could feel his dislike strike sky-high when they first met. Yet whether he was thrilled about my decision or not, he would simply have to accept it. "Yes, father?" he replied without looking up, the brooding expression I was all too familiar with born onto his face. "I want you to go to Camp Half-Blood and gather Alyssa. She is to be brought here." My tone implied no argument was to be given. However since the topic was of my daughter, I knew he'd still try. His head snapped up instantly, a look of absolute outrage on his face. "What? That is against the law, Father! Besides, now is most definitely not the time to have her down-" I held a hand up in a command of silence, which he fell to immediately. "You need help with this quest and my daughter can give it. I do not care for some law, son. Especially one that has been broken countless times before now." Though Triton itched to interrupt, I was grateful he didn't. "Understand that Alyssa can be trusted and she will most likely, if not completely, be willing to help. Also, my son, I ordered you to do something. Therefore you do not proceed by arguing with me. Now leave and be quick. Our time is valuable." Before escaping my sight, Triton submitted me to a sour glare - to which my only response was that of a lazed eye roll. I had hope that once my children had gotten to know each other better they'd be open to getting along. Apparently that desire was too far-fetched. Triton was far too jealous and had built up too high of an anger toward Alyssa for him to ever be accepting. Alyssa, however, just found his presence highly annoying and her extremely sarcastic nature would always come out to play whenever he was in her vicinity. I wished dearly to speak with Alyssa in private - not about what was stolen, but about her. She'd lost a great number of friends and I knew for a fact my children did not handle grief well. Perhaps this quest would be a distraction for her? ΣΩΘΔ Triton P.O.V. ΣΩΘΔ I flashed out as soon as my father ceased speaking. I was not pleased at all, but he did have a point. No matter how much it displeased me. The sight I was greeted with was vulgar, to say the least. In reluctance, I walked over to the edge of what I assumed was previously an arena, and watched as a tall blonde boy, about my height, lifted a large sheet of wood. Beside the child, a smaller scrawny-looking dark haired boy was helping to decide where he should place the pile of scrap. They both looked exhausted. Uncaring, I glanced around for Alyssa. Scanning along the faces of many uninteresting and unimportant demigods, she finally caught my eye. I could not dismiss the scowl that graced my lips as I slowly approached my father's demigoddess, nor did I really have any desire too. Alyssa's head shot up instantly.