on top of the table (how in Hades did he manage to sneak in pop?!) and the walls were a shimmering, shiny blue that gave the illusion you were underwater. "Beauty Queen," Leo interrupted her thoughts. He jerked his head up, towards the ceiling. "Check it out." Piper followed his movement and was met with the sight of metal seahorses, hanging from the roof. They were gorgeous, albeit a bit dusty. It suddenly struck Piper that Percy would be the only camper to do cabin clean up in here. And right now… nobody would be cleaning the Poseidon cabin. She wasn't sure why the thought made her so sad when she already knew Percy was missing. It was just the fact that this place, which was obviously a home to Percy, was now empty and standing alone. No lights shone through the windows, no broom was brought in here to sweep, nobody dusted or made the beds or washed the sheets or anything. It was empty apart from a few chip bags, candy wrappers, an empty coke can and- "Look," Leo said again, eyes on something on top of the chest of drawers. Piper looked where he was looking once again and saw something that made her sad all over again. A picture, of Percy and Annabeth, both of them with snowflakes in their hair, snow falling around them. They were each sporting huge, wide, white grins and had their arms wrapped around one another. Annabeth was wearing a coral coloured scarf and white jacket and Percy seemed to have a beanie on his head. It was the only picture of Percy that Piper had seen outside of the one in Chiron's office. "Which bed should she go on?" Leo asked. Piper looked away from the picture to look at her friend once more. "That one," she said, meaning the only unmade bed in the cabin. "Percy's?" Leo asked. "Isn't that… I don't know, weird? Creepy or something?" Piper rolled her eyes. "Leo they're dating," she said. "Besides, he won't find out if Annabeth doesn't tell him. Ella said she sleeps in here all the time anyway, and I don't see any other bed that looks like somebody's slept in it in the past 100 years." Leo looked at her for a second before seeming to give up. "Whatever, I'm too tired to argue," he said. "Let's just put her on the bed and go to our own cabins to get to sleep." "Fine with me," Piper said, moving towards Percy's bed. With some careful maneuvering and gentle placement Annabeth was finally laying on the bed. Leo paused and pulled up the blanket to cover her. When Piper looked at Annabeth's face she saw that instead of the frown that had been on the blonde's face since the daughter of Aphrodite had seen her in Bunker Nine she was now smiling. Such a small smile you hardly saw it, barely a turning up of the lips at the corners. But it was there. As the two younger demigods watched Annabeth curled up into a loose fetal position and turned her head into the pillow beneath her head, breathing deeply. "I hope she doesn't suffocate," Leo said. "Leo!" Piper whacked his arm lightly. "Don't be dumb, she won't suffocate. Come on, before we wake her up." Leo rolled his eyes but didn't say anything, heading out of the cabin. Piper hesitated, looking at the picture on the nightstand once more, taking it in, before following him out and shutting the door quietly behind her. She knew with 100% certainty that she had never seen Annabeth look as happy as she did in that picture. "We'll get Percy back," Leo said as they walked to their cabins. "For Annabeth I mean. I saw how you looked at that picture." "I hope we do," Piper said. "For Annabeth's sake. And I- I want to see them together, too. Is that weird? Or stupid?" "Nah," Leo said casually. "I kind of want to see them too. They looked happy in that photo. I've never seen Annabeth smile like that before." "Me neither." They walked in comfortable silence before they both stopped in front of the Aphrodite Cabin and Piper turned in front of the door. "I'll see you tomorrow then, Repair Boy?" "Of course, Beauty Queen, where else would I be?" He asked. She shook her head, smiling. "Good night Leo." "Night Pipes." She caught both of them by surprise by throwing her arms around him to give him a hug. "We're all going to be okay, right?" She asked, her mouth moving without her brain giving it permission. "We're all going to survive this. And everyone will be together again. We'll beat Gaea and her giants, won't we?" "Piper," Leo said gently, caught by surprise. He was quiet, hugging her back, until. "We'll win," he promised. "Because we're a family. And we all have something to fight for." "So does Gaea," Piper said, stepping back, embarrassed by her show of emotion. "She wants to be completely awake." Leo smiled at her, but there was worry in his eyes. He wasn't as confident as he would like her to believe. "Fine," he said. "But we each have some one to fight for." Piper grinned at him, Jason's face in her mind's eye. "We'll win," she repeated, trying to convince herself and him as well. He smiled. "Now go to sleep," he commanded. "Beauty queens need their beauty rest." Piper shook her head but went inside, calling lights out to her cabin mates as she did so. Not even Drew's sneer could bring her down. They were going to win. Because they were a family. Because they all had loved ones to fight for and Gaea didn't. Gaea didn't know what love or friendship was, what it felt like. Her loss. oooOOOooo Written for PJO Ship Weeks, Friendship week! Sorry for the late posting, my internet was down. Thanks for reading! Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3