her husband. "We ready to go?" She asked him. Jason looked at all of the kids. The loving, proud look in his eyes made Piper want to kiss him again. "Oh yeah, let's do this." So, surrounded by their family, they went out trick-or-treating. And they totally rocked it. No monster attacks, no meltdowns or tantrums and no fighting. Michael cast a couple of spells on play-along mothers, and kids complimented each other on costumes. By the time the kids were tired Jason was carrying Christina's pillow case of candy and Piper was carrying Christina. When they made it back to the Jackson's apartment Christina was asleep, Zoe was talking less animatedly to Michael and Mandy was yawning. They let themselves in to find Annabeth and Percy sitting on the couch, Annabeth with her head on Percy's shoulder, watching- again?- The Nightmare Before Christmas. "This is Halloween, everybody make a scene Trick or treat till the neighbors die of fright It's our town, everybody scream In this town of Halloween..." The townsfolk of Halloween Town sang their well-known song and Piper smiled tiredly at the movie. She had grown up watching this movie every Halloween- sometimes with her dad. "There you are!" Percy exclaimed, making Annabeth's head shoot up. "How'd it go?" "Daddy, I got more candy than Michael!" Zoe bounded over to her father, her full pillow case bouncing behind her as she went and sat beside her parents. "Look at all the candy!" Percy immediately started talking to his daughter, dumping out all of the candy she got in the middle of the floor so they could see the variety. Michael went and hesitantly sat beside them, protesting that he had gotten more candy. "They've been sneaking some," Piper confided to Annabeth as she got up and made their way over to them, picking up Mandy's bag for her. "They might be a bit hyper." Annabeth waved a hand. "No problem, thanks for watching them. I actually think you got the better task this year, you should have seen some of the people who came by here..." "One of them was dressed as Katniss!" Percy called to them. "She loved my costume but said it made her want to cry." Percy shrugged. "Who knows what that's about." He asked rhetorically before turning his attention back to the children. Annabeth sighed as Jason moved to go beside Percy, both of them talking to the kids. "He never read the books," she confided to Piper. "He's only seen the movies- and the third one isn't even out yet. He doesn't know what happens to Finnick. Unfortunately the teenage girl seemed very distraught. I'm guessing she's a hard core fangirl." Piper nodded sympathetically, shifting Christie in her arms. "It's a hard life." Annabeth smiled. "But people did recognize him. I'm so glad you made me dress Percy up as Finnick, it was fun." Her eyes sparkled. "And you were right earlier. He looks very good in that costume." "Woah, little ears here." Piper said, gesturing to Christie in her arms. "Neither of us need to hear anything else." Piper rolled her eyes. "Speaking of little ears, we should probably be going soon. The kids are all tired." Annabeth nodded. "And I think it will take at least an hour to get them all to calm down and go to sleep after they're separated." Piper nodded in silence before both girls turned to their children and husbands and said unanimously, "alright kids, bedtime." "What?" Zoe looked up. "No!" "I'm not even tired," Michael said before trying to hide a yawn behind his robes. "Can we stay for a little bit more?" "Please?" Mandy asked her father. Percy met his daughter's eyes and hesitated, and Piper knew she had to act fast. "Nope, it's time to go. You'll see them tomorrow, remember? And Frank and Hazel will be here too." Michael looked at Zoe sadly. "Do we have to go?" "Yes." Annabeth said firmly. "You're all tired." "Daddy?" Zoe turned her father. "Umm..." Percy looked hopelessly at Annabeth. His wife raised an eyebrow at him and all hesitation cleared from his face as he stood up. "Yes, it's time for bed." He said. "We'll see them for lunch tomorrow, and after lunch you can all eat candy together." Percy's word was law in this house apparently, because immediately his girls started to say their goodbyes. "Bye, Uncle Jason!" They said, hugging him around his waist. "Bye, Auntie Piper." She hugged them back as best she could with Christina in her arms. "Bye girls." As the parents said goodbye, Piper noticed Zoe was tentatively up to Michael. "Bye, Michael." She said. He opened his mouth to respond but before he could Zoe gave him a hug. "I know I won the bet," she said. "But I wanted to hug you anyway." Piper bit back a smile and gently tapped her son on his shoulder, making him turn to look at her. "Ready to go?" She asked him. He nodded. "Ready." He turned and gave Zoe another hug. "I wanted to too." He told her, before turning and taking his mother's outstretched hand. "Okay, let's go." Jason raised an eyebrow at her, obviously having seen the interaction, but Piper just shook her head. "Bye guys, we'll see you tomorrow!" She said to the Jackson family. "Bye!" The two girls chorused. Zoe waved to Michael and Percy saw this, because his brows furrowed. "See you tomorrow!" Jason hoisted his son up to sit on his shoulders. "So, did you two have fun?" "Yes! Dad, can we go back again next year?" Michael asked. Jason looked over at Piper and Piper looked at Jason. 'Up to you.' She mouthed. Jason looked up at his son. "I think that can be arranged." And so, with two bags of candy, two tired children and grins on all of their faces, the Grace family went back home- fully intending to come back again next year for some more family fun.