She didn't want to think about the implications of that either. He bared his teeth, either angry she had brought it up or angry because it was still true, even now. "We'll see, my old friend." "Friend?" She asked him. "That's it, Luke? Even now? Still just friends? You never could admit to anybody else-" "I told you how I felt about you!" Luke yelled at her, true emotion raging in his voice. "I told you-" "Me." Thalia advanced, pushing him further back still. "You could never admit to anybody else- nobody else at camp knew anything about it. I should know. I asked them if you ever spoke about me." Luke looked as if she'd hit him. "You were a tree!" He said. "Dead, for all I knew. How was I supposed to know- how-" Thalia closed her eyes. "You just were ." "I was heartbroken after you died!" He screamed, but she thinks she's the only one who heard. The rest of them were too busy fighting their own battles. He continued, quieter. "You had been ripped away from me and I- I-" Thalia met his eyes and so much passed between them. She felt the tears finally pool in her eyes and saw his face drain of any colour at the sight of them. "Thals," he whispered. She shook her head. "Don't." As one they both raised their blades and tried to strike one another. The fought on, a whirlwind of clashes and stabs and swipes. Thalia felt his sword just miss her neck and still the tears stayed in her eyes. Her heart hammered and broke, her stomach twisted and became painful. Luke didn't look much better. Before Thalia knew it she had backed him up to the edge of the cliff. Both their faces were sweaty and Luke's absolutely glistened. His chest heaved and as she breathed in a deep breath she saw him staring at her, as if in challenge. The kept fighting; until. Luke lunged at her and Thalia raised her shield arm and he slammed into it. His sword skittered to the side- where it landed Thalia didn't know and didn't care. She never looked away from Luke as she raised her spear and pointed it at his throat. Suddenly everything went quiet. "Well?" Luke asked her and it was a challenge if she ever heard it. It was more than a simple question. He was asking her. This was the true test. Did she really still love him? Enough to let him live? Or was he dead enough to her to kill? What really got to Thalia was the way his voice trembled. It was full of many emotions, but one stood out and gripped her- the fear. He was scared of her. She hated herself for that. The Thalia he had known would never be able to hurt Luke, never mind make him actually scared of her. It was only a second later that she realized she was trembling. Not from anger, or fury- from helplessness. The only thing that got her attention was Annabeth's voice behind her, desperate. "Don't kill him!" "He's a traitor," Thalia said, wanting to make Annabeth understand. She had always felt like a mother to the girl but never had she wanted Annabeth to listen to her more than she did now. Her blue eyes never left Luke's face, her spear never trembled. "A traitor!" Luke seemed to shrink a little at her words and for a moment she thought she read a message in them- 'I'm sorry.' But it was just her imagination. "We'll bring Luke back," Annabeth said and still Thalia didn't look away from him. "To Olympus. He… he'll be useful." Actual fear seemed to flash in Luke's eyes at the young girl's words and then it left to be replaced by disdain. He never looked away from Thalia either. "Is that was you want, Thalia?" Luke sneered. " To go back to Olympus in triumph? To please your dad?" She hesitated and it was the worst mistake of her life. Luke saw it and desperately grabbed for the spear- and Thalia, not thinking, acting on reflexes born from years of play fighting with him, kicked his chest. The look on his face, the terror in Annabeth's scream… Thalia would never forget it. Luke teetered and you could see it, just before he lost his balance, the realization on his face followed closely by terror. Thalia- acting without thinking once more- made a desperate grab. But it was too late. Luke fell back- and as he did his eyes met hers. He did not look scared. He met her eyes and, as he fell, he reached a hand up, as if to try and stroke her face. Falling fifty feet through the air… She looked away as he hit the rocks below and swallowed back a sob. The rest of them all appeared beside her and looked down at his broken form. Thalia looked down once more and saw a giant from the army below look up and say, clearly for everyone to hear, "Kill them." She felt stiff, sick to her stomach with grief and regret, and she didn't even notice the tears streaming down her face. As javelins from below rushed up to meet them all, the only thing that saved Thalia's life was Percy pulling her back from the edge. Luke's face was imprinted behind her eyelids every time she blinked. She joined the Hunters of Artemis later that very night. There wasn't a chance in the world she would ever fall in love again. As the years went on she did what all of the Hunters did, what Artemis had done when Orion was killed. She survived. And grieved. And she never forgot. oooOOOooo Cheesy ending but I tried! I've been wanting to write this scene forever and finally I got around to it! Thalia and Luke's ship week provided the perfect opportunity! Review? Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3