he stilled and said nothing. "Lee wouldn't have wanted that," Silena said quietly, sitting back against her chair. "More deaths. He was a pacifist." "Too bad we can't ask him how he really feels about it, isn't it?" Annabeth's spine stiffened, as though she was forcing herself to bite out her next words. "He's dead." Apologies bubbled up in my throat, but before they could break free, Chiron spoke. "No one is killing anybody. Annabeth, Lee's death wasn't Percy's fault. It was an accident." "Then whose is it?" Annabeth's gaze met mine. "You were there and you didn't stop him. So is it your fault?" I sucked in a sharp breath. "Yeah, it is." Percy's body went rigid, and then, always the referee, Chiron jumped in. "All right, that's enough. Fighting and casting blame isn't helping anyone." "It makes me feel better," Annabeth muttered, closing her eyes. I blinked back tears and sighed, frustrated that I was even close to crying because I didn't own the right to those tears. "Right now, we need to get along." Chiron went on. "All of us, because we have lost too much already." There was a pause and then, "I'm going after Paul." Everyone in the room turned to Sally again. Not a single thing had changed in her expression. Not emotion. Nothing. And then everyone started talking at once. Percy's voice boomed over the chaos. "Absolutely not, Mom-no way." "It's too dangerous." Annabeth said, clasping her hands together. "You'll get captured." Sally's expression remained blank, like nothing her own son or anyone had said made any difference to her. "I have to get him back. I'm sorry." It looked like a dumbfounded stick had smacked Silena in the face. I probably looked the same. "She's insane," the daughter of Aphrodite whispered. "Freaking insane." Sally shrugged. Chiron leaned forward. "Sally, I know, we all know, that Paul means a lot to you, but there's no way you can get him. Not until we know what we're dealing with." Emotion built up Sally's eyes, turning them forest green. Anger, I realized. The first emotion I'd seen from Sally was anger. "I know what I'm dealing with. And I know that he'll die in there if I don't save him." Prowling forward, Percy stopped in front of his mother, legs apart, arms crossed again, ready for battle. Standing together like that, it was surreal seeing them. Sally had a small frame but she stood in the same stance. "I cannot allow you to do that," Percy said, voice so low I barely heard him. "I know you don't want to hear that, but no way." Sally didn't budge. "You don't have a say over it." At least they were talking. That was a good thing, right? Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Annabeth moving toward them, but Micheal Yew reached out, catching her hand and stopping her. I noticed she had a strange attachment to Sally. You'd think that she'd wouldn't pay much mind to her-maybe even hate the mortal-after what her son had supposedly done but I think Annabeth felt compelled to help her. To help Sally find the man she loved before it was too late. Maybe Annabeth was trying to save another possible victim. Another Lee. "I'm not trying to control you, Mom. It's not about that, but you just got back from hell. I just got you back." "I'm still in hell." Sally replied. "And if you get in my way, I will drag you down with me." A look of pain shot across Percy's face. "Mom…" I jumped to my feet, reacting to Percy's response without thinking. An unknown urge propelled me to do so. I guess that urge was love, because I didn't like the pain flickering across his face. A wind blew through the room, stirring the curtains and flipping the pages of books and magazines. I felt the everyone's eyes on me and their surprise, but I was focused. "All right, you two." I took a breath. "Knock it off, I'll kick both of your asses. No offense, Sally." "None taken." The woman replied, a ghost of a smile on her lips. Now everyone was staring at me. "What?" I demanded, cheeks flushing. A slow, wry smile teased Percy's lips. "Simmer down, Sweetheart. I mean, I'm all for you being bad ass and all but there's a time and place." Annoyance flared deep inside me. "Don't start with me, jerk-face." He smirked as he focused on his mother. Beside him, Sally looked sort of..amused. Or in pain-one of the two, because she really wasn't smiling or frowning. But then, without saying a word, she stalked out of the room, the front door slamming shut behind her. Percy glanced at me, and I nodded. Sighing deeply, he followed his mother, because there really was no telling what Sally would do or where she would go. The demigod Kumbaya fell apart after that. I followed them to the door, my attention fixed on a lot of things, and then I had to try to explain myself. Forgiveness wasn't expected, but I need to try to talk. I clenched the door knob until my knuckles bleached. "Annabeth…?" And with that, the front door tore free from my hands and swung shut. A/N-As usual, this fic is in first person, Thalia's POV and it will remain so until the next fic and I'm thinking first person but switched between Percy and Thalia, kind of like in the HoO series. If you guys have any questions, please check out my FAQs on my profile to see if its been answered already and if not, leave a review on any of my fics or PM the question(s) and I will get back to you on that. Updates are weekly, on Saturdays. Sometimes I may update twice a week and if I do so, then it will be Tuesday and Saturday. Thanks for reading and I'll see you guys next chapter.