him. Oh great. Well, that just ruined everything. What was he doing ? "We were talking," Annabeth said quickly. "He lent me his coat. Wasn't that kind? Look." She pointed to the coat, hoping that kindness would soften the blow. Athena turned towards Percy, who was looking uncomfortable. He shifted his weight from one foot to the other and looked apologetic. Perhaps he was feeling sorry for Athena too. Except… he wasn't looking at Athena. He was looking at Annabeth. "Actually," said Percy. "There's something I need to confess." His eyebrows were knitted with worry. The eyes that had looked at her with such hunger a few minutes ago, looked wary now. Frightened, almost. Fear clamoured in her chest. What could he possibly have to confess? He was married? He had a girlfriend he was cheating on? At least he was confessing now and not leaving his girlfriend to find some evidence of the other woman. Annabeth felt her heart slide into her sneakers. The cold outside was nothing to the chill she felt now. Athena turned back. The Annabeth's surprise, she was smiling. "I knew it would work. See, I told you I knew what sort of man would be ideal for you." Annabeth blinked, her thoughts momentarily derailed. Athena was less painful to deal with than Percy. She moved her focus. "Mother, what are you talking about? I didn't like Jason." Athena waved a hand. "Oh, him? He wasn't the person you were supposed to meet tonight. I knew you would be stubborn and refuse to talk to whomever I introduced you to, so I arranged a decoy." "A decoy?" Annabeth looked at Percy. Realisation dawned. She had been set up. "Was that what you wanted to confess? That you were in on it." She looked directly at Percy. He nodded and she watched his adams apple bob. Annoyance and relief battled for leadership inside of her. "But why?" "If we hadn't, you wouldn't have talked to him," said Athena. She was stilling smiling, and looking a little smug. "Now, come on," she checked her watch. "It's almost the New Year." Athena made her way back into the dining room, and Percy touched her arm. "Are you okay?" She didn't know what to think. He had lied to her. But, if he hadn't, they wouldn't have talked and that kiss… that kiss would never have happened. "You lied to me." He winced. "Only a little bit. And I came clean." His hand moved down to take hers. "It was the only way to get you to talk to me. At least that's what your mother said." He smiled ruefully. "And she can be a very persuasive woman." This thawed her completely. She knew exactly what her mother could be like, and she'd had a lifetime to learn how to deal with it. Percy never stood a chance. "She can." A smile threatened to rise to her face. She tried to suppress it. "Am I forgiven then?" He touched her hand hesitantly. The thrill of his hand in hers took Annabeth by surprise. It was as though her heart and body had decided something well before her head had done. "I wanted to tell you, but we got talking and then it was too late," said Percy. So, he lied. A bit. So, she'd been set up. All it really meant was that this man she liked was also a man her mother approved of. And he's barely even lied. Besides, if just the feel of his hand was making her buzz like this, what would it be like to kiss him again? "I — " he began. She interrupted him with a kiss. Her lips pressed firmly against his and arms wrapped around his neck. He kissed her back and the world tilted again. That was not wrong. Oh no. Nothing that made her heart pound like this could ever be considered wrong. When their lips parted, he had the most magnificent smile on his face. "Just don't lie to me again," she said, her arms still entwined around his neck. He pressed his forehead against her own, "I promise." He tried to kiss her again, but she dodged it and stepped back, "Come on. It's time to face a new year." She threw his jacket at him and disappeared into the room. The smile that she'd been fighting down finally made it out. As she made her way across the room to her mother and Chiron and the big glass window, she felt, rather than saw, Percy enter the room behind her. She stood with her family as the countdown to the new year started. She thought about Percy's kiss and her lips tingled with the thought. It promised to be an interesting year. On impulse, Annabeth leaned over and gave her mother a hug. Athena touched a hand to the side of Annabeth's head and kissed her cheek. She sneaked a glance at Percy and he came to stand next to her, bringing Sally and Jason with him. She smiled at Jason and Sally, it was clear now that they had all been in on it. That explained Jason's awkwardness, and Sally's insistence that it was nice to "finally" meet Annabeth. Chiron noticed Percy and gave him a nod of acknowledgement, and Percy smiled back. As Chiron turned back to watch the fireworks, Percy took his place beside Annabeth. His fingers touched hers, but he didn't put his arm around her or create too much contact between them. He understood the need for discretion. It would be a refreshing change to date someone she liked and her parents approved of. Percy's fingers caressed her palm, igniting every nerve inside of her body. Annabeth looked across at Percy and smiled. She clasped his hand in her own. The clock struck midnight and the sky above their heads exploded into a brilliant, kaleidoscopic array of coloured sparks. Yes. This year would be different. This year would be better.