her nipple. She groaned with frustration. "I don't think you're one to talk about teasing," she managed to say between hushed moans. He flashed her a smile before he changed his position, this time circling around her other nipple with his tongue, not touching it just yet. He leaned on one elbow while his other hand strokes her skin, going from her neck to her breast and reaching her hip bones before it went back. Annabeth tangled her fingers in his thick, messy hair, pulling lightly when he finally locked his tongue on her nipple, sending tremors down her spine. Meanwhile, one of his knees moved, the denim against her pulsing heat. He left it there for a brief moment before he moved his leg back, showing her it wasn't accidentally. Annabeth felt she will explode any moment now if he kept teasing her, taking her body to its' limits. Besides, it was unfair how bare she was compared to him, wearing nothing but her underwear. She stretched her body, reaching with her fingers to the belt of his pants, pulling him upward, biting on the curve between his shoulder and neck. She messed with his belt until she finally managed to unhook it, skipping straight to his buttons and zipper. She growled into his shoulder. "Why does it have to be so complicated to take your pants off?" She asked, a smile crawling on her lips when he kicked his pants off. One of his hands was on her throat, his thumb grazing her breast while he looked at her with concern. "Wait, wise girl," he said against her throat, right where her heart is, making it beat faster, so loud Annabeth thought he could hear it if he stayed so close to it. She looked back at him, surprised. He avoided her eyes, looking somewhere over her shoulder. "What is it, Percy?" She asked him. "We don't… We're not in a hurry or something," he blurted out. Annabeth glared at him while he swallowed nervously. He didn't know how to explain it, this… Heavy feeling in his guts. He loved Annabeth and he couldn't wait to be with her in every possible way, but still, he felt this uneasiness inside. "Percy… Are you scared?" Annabeth cut his thoughts, her voice soft. Now he looked at her. "What?! Scared? No, no, no! It's not that!" He replied quickly. "Then what is it?" She asked, starting to grow uncomfortable. They had already had the conversation about sex and realized they're both ready. They weren't in a rush, but living with the eternal threat of death around the corner made time lose its' meaning. She didn't think he'd turn back now, right on the edge. "It's not that I'm scared," Percy shifted uncomfortably, sitting on his heels, Annabeth still under him. "It's just… I don't want you to do something that makes you feel like I'm pushing it. I want to have sex with you, I really do - you're beautiful and you're my girlfriend and I love you, which makes everything harder since I don't want to hurt you," he says. Annabeth sat silently for a moment. His eyebrows scrunched together with worry, and for a moment she had the very same feeling she had when she was lying on that chair in the Plaza, her hand touching the point where his eyebrows met each other and she made that silly comment about how he looks cute when he's worried. Without thinking, she reached with her hand to the same spot, brushing his hair from his sweaty forehead. "I'm not afraid if that's what you're asking. To be honest, it's really strange, but… I kinda feel safe, even safer than in my bunk back at camp," she told him, deep in thoughts. Percy smiled at her. "So you're feeling it too?" He asked her, a mischievous glint in his bright green eyes. She bit her lip, unaware of the effect this simple act had on Percy, who stared at her lips, fighting the urge to lean forward and kiss her and screw all the worries. Annabeth wondered if Percy felt the same hunger she had. Something told her he did, and she couldn't take it any longer. She leaned forward, pulling him in for a slow, sensitive kiss. His hands pulled her in, resting on her back. They were both on their knees and close, so close. The feeling of her pressed against him, her perfect breast warm and soft and thrilling against his warm body made him drop all of his doubts. He could feel the heat grows stronger inside of his body, and from the passion of her kiss, the way her fingers caressed his temples, how her tongue ran along his bottom lip before it twisted in his tongue, he knew she had the same feeling. Without breaking their close posture, he laid her again on her back, one of his hands on her thigh, running his fingernails on her skin in a way that made her shiver and let a shaky gasp into his mouth, which made him run his fingers in the very same way again, this time slow, so slow that she raised her leg, trying to get more of his touch. He kissed down her throat and her chest once again, skipping to her thigh, kissing slowly on the inner side, enjoying every bit of slow progression while Annabeth moaned his name, pushing her legs so that he was in the angle between her leg and her core. Percy breathed against her soft, white skin, feeling her tensing under his touch. She twitched with anticipation. "Holy h - Percy, come on! Quit fooling around!" She said with desperation, eager. She could feel his fingers go slightly under the line of her underwear and his lips break into a smile when he kissed her warm skin next to the sensitive spot. "Patience, Wise Girl. We still got a full weekend to spend, ya know."