like nothing happened and like nothing will happen. Like everything was, is and will be normal. If there is something Annabeth Chase loves almost as much as knowledge, that's the truth. And she knows this is a lie. "I had never been surer of something, Percy." A thick silence falls upon the kitchen and her whole existence (or at least that is what Annabeth thinks). He nods silently again, and that's where Annabeth knows it's the end of an era. "Very well." Annabeth Chase watches as the love of her life —and (oh, the irony) also the bane of her existence and her biggest enemy— walks away under the rain, knowing it doesn't bother him. Her arms itch for the feeling of him around her and her eyes burn due to the tears she's holding back. She knows many words have been left unsaid and many things have been left unproven. In one instant, she wonders about what could have been and if she did the right thing when she left. One last breath pierces the cold air of the night in Seattle, as if it's trying to call Percy back. But she closes her lips before they can do anything dangerous. She can't go back now. And although she will miss him —God, who wouldn't?— and the nightmare she used to call her life, now she knows that her new existence is this, a stormy city filled with buildings she fell in love with and a sky that turns purple and orange at sunset and a small house in which her cat Whiskers waits for her. She turns around, hiding her tears behind the golden curtain that is her hair and a shaky breath leaves her lips. I guess this is a goodbye, then , she thinks. But it's so hard to say goodbye. Annabeth Chase enters the house, and the rain soaks the city of Seattle, giving it an aura than makes it look rather magical. But it doesn't soak a lost boy wandering through its streets. Annabeth Chase sits on a bench in the middle of an unknown park. Snow covers her and her surroundings. She doesn't know where she is. She doesn't care either. Her fingertips are freezing, and she hopes to get turned into an ice statue, if it will lessen whatever she is feeling. (She doesn't even know her own emotions, what kind of person does that make her?) As a light snowflake comes down to place itself on her shoulder, she guesses than snow can be better than water. It's gentler, exactly what the sea isn't and exactly what she needs now. It's lighter and softer, not carrying a heavy burden such as a hero's destiny, fate and tragedy. And it's colder. Just like everything else is. Annabeth Chase feels like a piece of glass. Transparent, pure and fragile. She doesn't want to be a glass. She ignores Mark's calls and only attends to work when she feels like it. To everyone else, she is going through a hard heartbreak. But she isn't. This is much more than just a heartbreak. She is breaking every connection she had with her past an the love of her life. She feels as if she is been ripped out in two. And, in some way, she has. She has just lost her soul mate. She knows it's a whole lot more than a heartbreak. Annabeth Chase drowns. The air inside her escapes her lungs, and the desperation takes its place. She thinks she sees a bright yet faint light, but it disappears as quickly as she saw it. Maybe she imagined it. Percy's voice and laugh fills her ears, alongside other familiar noises. Suddenly, she hears Thalia grunting, Clarisse yelling at someone, Luke sword fighting, Grover letting out a nervous laugh, and Chiron's shooting voice. For a moment, she forgets everything and smiles. Maybe everything was a dream. Maybe none of this actually happened. But she opens her eyes and all she sees is darkness, darkness, darkness and the silence is so thick and heavy that it actually hurts. She tries to reach for something, anything , she can hold onto, but her cold fingers close around empty air. The lack of oxygen is burning her insides and she tries to breathe, she really tries, but all she gets is water and this hollow feeling that announces that yes, she made the wrong choices and now she is paying the consequences. She is freezing and the pressure is going to make her chest burst into flames and she lets out a silent scream that hurts her throat worse than anything could have and damages her lungs to a state where only a very generous soul would call them that, leaving her nearly unconscious. Annabeth is drowning, although she is not sure if what is around her is cold ice water or just the regret and remorse that are now constants in her life. She closes her eyes, regretting every choice she made in her life and cursing the gods and fates for putting such a heavy destiny and task upon her fragile shoulders. Annabeth Chase ceases to exist. (And, hours, days, or maybe even years later, a young woman named Ann makes her appearance.) And a lifetime later, Ann Collins is sitting on the bench in the middle of an unknown park. Her swollen belly indicates she's not just one anymore, and she likes to think of her future baby as a sign that she moved on her old life. Mark grabs her hand and she misses —for a moment, only for a moment— Percy's calloused fingers running across her knuckles. As the sun caresses her cheeks lightly, almost in a lazy way, she remembers the person that Annabeth Chase used to be, and the mistakes she committed. Sadness overwhelms her sometimes, making her clutch her chest and scream in agony. It's not easy to forget everything you are. And she knows it better than anyone.