to. I love you." Just as Will was about to respond, Nico disappeared into thin air, leaving behind just a boot. Will sighed as he picked up the boot. He wished Nico had stayed just a moment longer. Just long enough for Will to have bent down on one knee and asked the most important question he would ever ask someone. Reaching into his pocket, Will rolled the ring around in his hand. He would just have to convince his father to wait on arranging him a marriage and let him go out to Nico's home and propose to him. He also had to survive the rest of this damned ball. Maybe Will could go hang out with Percy and Annabeth in the stables for the rest of the night. "What's going on?" Nico asked. Persephone didn't answer her stepson, just shoved him in the attic and clicked the lock shut. Nico groaned as he heard her high heels clicking away. Just great. He was going to be stuck in here for the rest of the day. Nico sat down on his bed, groaning dramatically. He wished his father was home. He wished his life could be normal. He wished he could spend forever with Will. He wished he didn't have to put up with his cruel stepmother and stepbrothers day-in and day-out. "You sure do wish a lot," Lou Ellen complained as she magicked into appearance next to Nico on his bed. She brushed her hands over her brown cotton skirt to straighten it out. Her violet eyes stared challengingly at Nico. "The prince is out searching for his beloved as we speak. He plans to propose to the man who fits the boot he carries with him." "Will's going to propose?" Nico shouted excitedly, jumping off the bed and clapping his hands to his mouth. They fell away quickly as he processed the rest of Lou's sentence. "Why does he need to use a boot to find me?" Lou shrugged. "King Apollo's always been pretty eccentric. It was his requirement. Will just went along with it so he could come find you." "But what if the boot fits someone else and Will has to marry them?" Nico demanded. He began pacing the room agitatedly. This was not good. So not good . Nico wouldn't be able to handle it if Will married someone else. "The beauty of magic," Lou Ellen said simply. "The boot only fits you. Now, why don't you get your butt downstairs and try on that damn boot?" "He's here now ?" Nico exclaimed. He rushed to the door and pulled on the knob just to remember Persephone had locked it. Lou groaned as Nico looked back at her with big, brown doe eyes. She snapped her fingers, and the door sprung open. Nico ran out of the room and down the stairs. He was panting by the time he made it to the entrance of the parlor. The door was closed, but Nico could clearly hear Will's voice, asking if there was anyone else in the house who was eligible to try on the boot. A man was thanking Persephone, Luke and Octavian for their time. The man's voice bidded them a good day. Nico heard a door swing open. Will and the man were leaving! "I'm here!" Nico shouted, swinging the door open. Will spun around to face Nico, and a large grin overtook his face. He took several strides across the room and wrapped his arms around Nico in the biggest bear hug Nico had ever received. Nico clung just as tightly to the blond boy, burrowing his face into the other boy's golden curls. "Nico," Will mumbled into Nico's shoulder. "I was worried I'd gotten the house wrong." Nico pulled away with a large grin. "No. Now where's this boot I need to try on?" The strange man stepped forwards, and Nico was surprised to see it was the king himself who had come with Will to retrieve him. King Apollo handed Nico the leather boot he had been wearing just the other day. Nico quickly pulled it on over his foot, grinning broadly at the perfect fit. He looked up from his foot to see Will down on one knee, a golden ring in his hand. "Marry me, Nico?" Will asked, a heavy blush covering his cheeks. Nico nodded, his own blush coming up to cover his cheeks as well. He held his hand out and allowed will to slip the ring onto his finger. A beautiful blue diamond sparkled up at Nico, nearly the same shade as Will's eyes. "You've got to be kidding me?" Luke sneered. "Him? How could you possibly want to marry him ?" "Are you questioning my son's future husband? Your future ruler?" King Apollo's glare was enough to make the bravest warrior tremble in his boots. "Of course he's not, my king," Persephone said in an attempt to save her family's position. "It's just that Nico is just one of our servants. He couldn't possibly be the one our prince is looking for. Apollo scoffed. "As if the son of Lord Hades could possibly be a servant. Do not play me for a fool, woman." "Father," Will said. "What this filth says does not matter to us. Let Nico pack his things, and we will leave for the palace." Will smiled at Nico, who smiled in return and ran up the stairs to grab the few belongings that actually meant something to him, most gifts from his father. It only took Nico a few minutes to gather all his things and rush back down the stairs to Will's side. King Apollo grinned widely at the two boys and turned on his heel to swing open the door. He, Nico and Will all froze in shock at the surprised face of Lord Hades on the other side of the door. "King Apollo?" Hades asked. "Prince Will? Nico? What's going on?" "Funny story, Father," Nico said.