Trying to feel invincible Yeah, oh, yeah oh Dying on top of the world I remember the nights Caught up in dreaming my goodbyes Watching the door for anything more Than an ordinary life Annabeth and Percy turned to face each other. They stared into the other's eyes and joined hands. Girls cooed. Piper smirked. I remember the days New beginnings on an open page With something to prove And nothing to lose Not a soul to betray Here I am Living a dream that I can't hold Here I am on my own On top of the world On top of it all Trying to feel invincible Yeah, oh, yeah oh I'm dying on top of the world I remember the lies Caught up in building paradise The angels were slaves And demons behaved And everything was alright Here I am Living a dream that I can't hold Here I am on my own On top of the world On top of it all Trying to feel invincible Yeah, oh, yeah oh On top of the world On top of it all Trying to feel invincible Yeah, oh, yeah oh I'm dying on top of the world I hear the crowds beneath me I'm wishing they could reach me But I'm on top of the world Up here I'm dying alone Hazel: Inside the walls of gold, outside of happiness It's all been a show, too late to confess Frank: No room for heart and soul Leo: No room for innocence, innocence On top of the world On top of it all Trying to feel invincible Yeah, oh, yeah oh On top of the world On top of it all Trying to feel invincible Yeah, oh, yeah oh On top of the world On top of it all Trying to feel invincible Yeah, oh, yeah oh I'm dying on top of the world Yeah, oh, yeah oh Yeah, oh, yeah oh Dying on top of the world The crowd cried out. Everyone grinned. They had all wrote this song, and they loved that their fans loved it. After they finally calmed down, Percy to the mic. He sighed, "This is going to be our last song for the night," He began. The fans groaned, Percy grinned, "But don't worry. We're still working on Wars over the Summer! I think we put the most hard work in this last song, as a, you know, show stopper ." Annabeth face palmed. Percy flashed her a grin. She rolled her eyes but blushed all the same. "I especially hope you like it, as I wrote a good portion of it," Percy paused and looked at his band mates, as if daring them to object. When none of them did, he turned back to the crowd. "It's called Ready, Aim, Fire." He gave a mischievous grin to the girls. Most of them swooned. Percy nodded at Leo. "1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4!" Ready, Aim, Fire (by Imagine Dragons) Bold = Percy, Bold Italics = Jason, Underlined Italics = Annabeth and Piper, Bold Underlined Italics = Everyone Whoa With our backs to the wall, the darkness will fall We never quite thought we could lose it all Ready, aim, fire Ready, aim, fire And empire's fall in just one day You close your eyes and the glory fades Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away ( fire! ) Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away Off in the distance There is resistance Bubbling up and festering Hey Mr. Motion Make me a potion Shake it all up with your mystery How come I've never seen your face round here I know every single face round here A man on a mission Changing the vision I was never welcome here We don't have a choice to stay We'd rather die than do it your way With our backs to the wall, the darkness will fall We never quite thought we could lose it all Ready, aim, fire Ready, aim, fire And empire's fall in just one day You close your eyes and the glory fades Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away ( fire! ) Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away Back in the casing Shaking and pacing This is the tunnel's light Blood in the writing Stuck in the fighting Look through the rifle's sight How come I've never seen your face round here I know every single face round here Here in the heckle Holding the shackle I was never welcome here We don't have a choice to stay We'd rather die than do it your way With our backs to the wall, the darkness will fall We never quite thought we could lose it all Ready, aim, fire Ready, aim, fire And empire's fall in just one day You close your eyes and the glory fades Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away ( fire! ) Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away Whoa With our backs to the wall, the darkness will fall We never quite thought we could lose it all Ready, aim, fire Ready, aim, fire And empire's fall in just one day You close your eyes and the glory fades Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away (fire! ) Ready aim fire Ready aim fire away The crowd went really crazy. Everyone took a bow, but Percy's was the biggest. When they stood they received a standing ovation (well, it would've been a standing ovation if the fans had been sitting down). "Thank you so much! Thank you all!" Percy called. As the fans began gathering their stuff to leave, Annabeth called out. "Don't forget! Meet us outside of the North wing for pictures, autographs, and signings! Wars over the Summer come out in a few weeks! Don't miss it!" Then the Seven left the stage and went into their dressing rooms. Author's Note: And there's chapter 1! I'm working on chappie 2 right now. Hope you liked it, even though there wasn't much XOXO, JiperxPercabeth