there and then flick through them. I've put all my favourites of him in there." As Percy held the phone and scrolled through the photos, they were able to share at least a small part of their son's childhood together: Theo blowing out the candles on his third birthday cake. The gap-toothed grin on his face on the first day of preschool. His arms draped over his teammates shoulders when they won their first football game. Holding his new surf board one beautifully warm New York summer in Montauk. And a fifteen year old Theo looking a little too fondly at his first girlfriend. Percy peppered her with questions, engrossed in every moment, and she answered every one, her heart bursting with pride and love but aching with sadness and regret at the same time — because, despite how much she wanted to, she couldn't turn the clock back and give Percy more than just the pictures. At last they came to the most recent photo: Theo and her leaning against his new Chevy Sonic, the car backed to the roof with his stuff for college. "He's handsome, he looks like you," Percy murmured, his thumb stroking the picture. Annabeth smiled, but enlarged the photo so it was magnified on Theo's face. "There's a lot of you in there, too," she uttered, her voice hoarse as she acknowledged all the things about Theo she had forced herself to deny for so long. "He's got your eyes, and the shape of your face, and those deadly dimples." She laughed. "And girls and guys follow him around, just like they used to do with you." He took a deep breath in, let it out and then handed her back the phone. "Wow, this is kind of intense." He raked his hands through his hair, driving it into furrows. Then he turned and smiled, the deadly dimples winking at her, despite the bittersweet emotion she could see in his eyes. "You did an incredible job, Annabeth." The words "without me" seemed to hang in the air, torturing her. But then he cupped her chin, and shifted round. "Thank you," he whispered, and his lips touched hers. At first the kiss was sweet and tender and sincere. She kissed him back, desperately grateful that he didn't blame her for what he'd lost. But then his tongue touched the seam of her lips and gratitude wasn't all she felt. Opening her mouth, she let him in. And suddenly, all those long-forgotten memories — the heat, the excitement, the longing — shimmered across her skin. He drew back, his breathing as ragged as hers as he framed her face in gentle palms. "Please tell me you're not married." She shook her head, her hands covering his on her cheeks. "Not at the moment. Are you?" "No." A slow, steady smile spread across his face. "Do you…" She hesitated. "Do you have any other children?" The smile widened as he shook his head, pressing one quick kiss to her mouth. The elevator jolted and began to creak upwards again. He stood up swiftly and held out his hand. Tugging her to her feet, he settled his hands on her waist. "Listen, Annabeth. I'd really like to see you again, tonight. Would you…" His voice faltered. "Would you like to go out after work?" She nodded, her nerves thrumming with excitement at the possibilities almost too intense to contemplate. Maybe they couldn't make the past right… But what if there was a chance to have a future? "Yes, I'd like that. I'll ring Theo this afternoon. Tell him about…" She sighed, more than a little overwhelmed by the events of the last twenty minutes. How did you cope when your life changed so fundamentally in such a short space of time? "I'm not sure he's going to believe it." "I'm not sure I believe it." Percy chuckled, the sound incredulous and yet pleased. "He's coming back this weekend," she continued, trying not to read too much into that breath-taking smile. "Maybe if you're available?" she stumbled to a halt. This was such a massive step. For all three of them. And it wasn't going to be easy. "I'm supposed to be flying to London on Friday," he said. "But let me know if Theo wants to meet up and I'll cancel." "Oh, right, OK." She nodded around the choking feeling in her throat. "Hey, Annabeth, don't cry." He brushed the moisture from her cheeks with his thumbs. "I won't put too much pressure on him, I swear." "It's not that," she stuttered. "I think he'll be excited and…" "Then what is it?" "It just feels so huge, that something I never thought would happen — could happen — is going to happen…" She hiccuped, knowing she wasn't making a lot of sense. "And when it does, we'll always have to face the fact that we could have had so much more." His hands rubbed her arms and she realised it wasn't just Percy's relationship with their son she was talking about. "I know." He kissed her lightly, drawing her close. "And I'm sure it's going to hurt an awful lot." He stroked an open palm down her cheek. "But right now, I don't want to think about any of that. I just want to start from here and see what happens." He pulled back. smoothing his thumbs over her cheeks. "You've given me a child, Annabeth. Something I never thought I had. Knowing that and having you in my arms again, makes me feel like anything is possible." She gulped down the emotion closing her throat, and smiled into those beautiful emerald eyes as the elevator doors swished open. "Hi, folks, sorry to keep you waiting so long." Annabeth glanced round at the short, grease-covered man standing outside the elevator. "Don't be sorry." She dropped her head back onto Percy's chest, circling her arms around his waist, and felt his arms wrap tight around her shoulders. "We're not."