guy fought like a whirl wind, and I mean literally. Surrounding us was a mini hurricane of wind and river water. "Holy hades" Jason mumbled watching us fight I backed up tripping over a rock and falling on my butt in the river. He smiled at me and offered me a hand to help me up. "Aren't you going to get the flag" I asked standing completely saturated in cold water. He looked up, piper and some other Aphrodite girls were running across the boarder with the flag tight in hand. We stepped out of the river and I realized something, fin was completely dry from head to toe, even though we were both knee deep in water. I shared a glance with jason. I had a feeling who fin's father was and it wasn't good. It wasn't good at all. Percy pov Today had felt just like the first day of camp. I can remember wishing for things to be as easy as 12 year old me not knowing what a centaur was, but now it was like I was reliving that, only 17. I wanted to be with Annabeth, I wanted to tell her about all of our adventures that she doesn't remember. I tried to repeat things, I tried to trigger her memories. Fighting her in capture the flag brought back old times. Of course I should have probably let her win and not used any water power since I was supposed to be on the down low but I didn't really care, if Zeus wanted to fry me to a crisp and kill me then whatever. Annabeths grey eyes were widened in shock. "Your father..." she started. "Huh? Do you know him because I don't" I said staring at her. She shook her head and suddenly in the reflection of the water I saw a green trident glowing above my head. So the old man decided to claim me after all. "Did I get the god of farming" I asked disappointed. "Not a pitch fork, a trident" Annabeth corrected staring at the fading symbol "your dad is Poseidon god of the sea" she continued and something in her voice told me it wasn't good. "We need to find Chiron" jason remarked. "Come with us" Annabeth said and o followed her and jason to Chiron. I wanted to hold her hand or call her wise girl, but I couldn't, I also sometimes didn't respond to being called fin because my name is Percy. When we got to the big house Annabeth explained everything that happened and Chiron stood gravely. "Your first day and already a prophecy" she smiled weakly. "A what?" I asked. The old man simply handed me a piece of paper. I recognized Rachel Elizebeth Dares handwriting immediately. "A child of the god of the sea, isn't who he says to be, he must go south to seek what he finds, and use the key to unlock their minds, he will save Olympus with the tide, but not for long can he hide"yikes. Unfortunately I knew what it meant pretty much off the bat. But I wasn't supposed to know so I acted confused (one of my best talents) "what? A riddle?" I said handing it back to Chiron but he wouldn't take it. "Thats your guide, now you must go on a quest. "A quest?" I asked stupidly. Chiron nodded. "You may chose two others to accompany you" he said. "Alright I think about it" I said and left pocketing the scroll. I had to find Grover. I found him surprisingly fast , he was picking up litter in the forest and eating it. "Hey!" I called approaching him. He skittishly jumped back. "Bahh! Who are you" she said nibbling on a can. And then I had an idea. I tried to trigger the empathy link we had. "GROVER ITS ME PERCY. PERCY JACKSON" something glazed over in his eyes and he passed right the hell out. When he came to he looked at me wide eyed and then tackled me in a large hug. "Where have you been why couldn't i, why didn't I, what's going on?!" He asked frantically. I explained everything and his eyes got teary. "Perc-I mean Fin, that's that's horrible" he moaned. "It's okay, your the only person that knows... and if I can get your memories we'll.." "you can get Annabeths" he said solemnly and I nodded. "So will you come on the quest with us, like old times right?" I asked "hell yea!" He said taking a bite out of a tin can. I smiled genuinely for the first time that day, it felt so good to have someone on my side, someone who remembered. Chiron was pretty shocked when I told him I was taking Grover, but he didn't question it. Annabeth was happy that I asked her to come as well but she wasn't at all surprised, it felt natural. "So the prophecy says I have to go south to seek what he finds. I'm looking for something in the south" I looked at Grover and continued "then it says and use the key to unlock their minds" Grover understood. I was going on a quest to find the memories of me. That sounded weird. I didn't think the gods would keep them, but I guess anythings possible when your an immortal being of power. "But the south could be anywhere from Australia to Texas to Mexico, how do we know where south is" "Key west!" Grover blurted out. Annabeth turned to him questioning and then realization filled her expression "he's right" she said "wait- how do you know?" I asked again "key west is directly south of mount Olympus" Annabeth said. I nodded "okay looks like we're going to key west" So let me know what you guys think. I fully plan on continuing the story and giving it a happy ending :) Sorry for spelling errors and grammar errors I'm a horrible person