… Hermes snickered, "Oh Gods! He didn't just say that! He is so dead!" "You are laughing?!" mouthed Apollo to Hermes. "Can't help it! It's so funny!" … Athena stormed towards Poseidon, looking downright murderous. The latter on the other hand, was slowly starting to realize that it was a bad idea. "Uh huh! Now he gets it." Hera said to Demeter who nodded in agreement, simply calculating the number of wounds her brother might end up with and whispered to Apollo, "Apollo! You better have a bed ready in your temple. Poseidon's going to need it." The sun god nodded in agreement. Athena was about to grab Poseidon's neck when Zeus boomed, "STOP! GO BACK TO YOUR PLACE ATHENA!" "BUT HE DUMPED WATER ON ME!" "DOESN'T MATTERS! GO BACK TO YOUR PLACE!" "First tell him to dry me then only will I go." She said like a five year old. "FINE! POSEIDON!" Zeus snapped, "DRY HER!" Poseidon unwillingly said yes and dried Athena. Zeus now looked a bit calm and said Apollo to continue with his reading. " Well, I certainly think so. But the audition, you know…it's a formality. I'm afraid it would be very difficult. Are you sure you don't just want to kill me?" " Stop saying that!" Arachne screeched. "What must I make?" " I'll show you." Annabeth unslung her backpack. She took out Daedalus' laptop and opened it. The delta logo glowed in the dark. " What is that?" Arachne asked. "Some sort of loom?" " In a way," Annabeth said. "It's for weaving ideas. It holds a diagram of the artwork you would build." Her fingers trembled on the keyboard. Arachne lowered herself to peer directly over Annabeth's shoulder. Annabeth couldn't help thinking how easily those needle-like teeth could sink into her neck. She opened her 3-D imaging program. Her last design was still up—the key to Annabeth's plan, inspired by the most unlikely muse ever: Frank Zhang. "Why is that so?" Ares questioned, as puzzled as ever. He didn't receive any answer. Annabeth did some quick calculations. She increased the dimensions of the model, then showed Arachne how it could be created—strands of material woven into strips, then braided into a long cylinder. The golden light from the screen illuminated the spider's face. "You want me to make that? But this is nothing! So small and simple!" " The actual size would be much bigger," Annabeth cautioned. "You see these measurements? Naturally it must be large enough to impress the gods. It may look simple, but the structure has incredible properties. Your spider silk would be the perfect material—soft and flexible, yet hard as steel." " I see…" Arachne frowned. "But this isn't even a tapestry." "Of course it isn't you blithering idiot." " That's why it's a challenge. It's outside your comfort zone. A piece like this—an abstract sculpture—is what the gods are looking for. It would stand in the entry hall of the Olympian throne room for every visitor to see. You would be famous forever!" "Yeah sure! As if she could ever be famous for anything good." Demeter nodded gravely, "Yes, she lacks cereal." "Oh you and your cereal. Please stop." Shouted Hades, covering his ears with his hands. Arachne made a discontented hum in her throat. Annabeth could tell she wasn't going for the idea. Her hands started to feel cold and sweaty. "Oh, don't lose courage Annabeth. You must fight." The Gods were so confused about Athena's sudden change in mood. They were sure that Athena had gone mad. " This would take a great deal of web," the spider complained. "More than I could make in a year." Annabeth had been hoping for that. She'd calculated the mass and size accordingly. "You'd need to unravel the statue," she said. "Reuse the silk." "Annabeth is extremely clever. After revealing the statue she will get at least some protection." Said Artemis. Arachne seemed about to object, but Annabeth waved at the Athena Parthenos like it was nothing. "What's more important—covering that old statue or proving your artwork is the best? Of course, you'd have to be incredibly careful. You'd need to leave enough webbing to hold the room together. And if you think it's too difficult—" " I didn't say that!" " Okay. It's just…Athena said that creating this braided structure would be impossible for any weaver, even her. So if you don't think you can—" Apollo whistled in appreciation, "That's quite a thing to say to motivate that monster to work for her. I am impressed." " Athena said that?" " Well, yeah." " Ridiculous! I can do it!" " Great! But you'd need to start right away, before the Olympians choose another artist for their installations." Arachne growled. "If you are tricking me, girl—" " You'll have me right here as a hostage," Annabeth reminded her. "It's not like I can go anywhere. Once this sculpture is complete, you'll agree that it's the most amazing piece you've ever done. If not, I will gladly die." "Hmm. Not bad. I like where this is leading to. Hephaestus? Excellent plan, isn't it?" "Yes, Athena, I must say, amazing plan. If it has the exact measurement, then it would be amazing!" "What are they speaking about?" Dionysus said. Something which they have foreseen and we haven't." Poseidon replied back. Arachne hesitated. Her barbed legs were so close, she could've impaled Annabeth with a quick swipe. " Fine," the spider said. "One last challenge—against myself!" "Let's really hope it is the last one you face." Said Zeus. The other gods couldn't agree more. Arachne climbed her web and began to unravel the Athena Parthenos. "And that's the end of this chapter." Grinned Apollo. ΩΩΩΩΩ I hope you all liked the chapter. My fifth story. Wrote it today. Don't worry, I'll upload the next two chapters for this story and then done! As usual, please everyone who reads this story, please, please, please, please, please review! Every one! Enjoy! -Pernos Forever…