admirals, generals, and administrators work from. Though it is the smallest, it's the strongest out of all of the five divisions. The best of the best, Chaos's chosen workers to keep balance and stability all across the corners of the universe." It was a lot to take in, so to speak. "So, you want Annabeth and I to join you… why?" I pondered. Osiris smiled again. "Like I said, you two are great fighters, and you have even more potential. Add on your being werewolves, and we have ourselves powerful soldiers. Plus, I can help you with your black outs." I faltered and lost my voice for a moment. Black outs . How did he know about that? When Annabeth and I were freshly bitten, we had black outs almost every night, when we would turn into wolves and would terrorize the other campers, contrary to the popular belief that werewolves only turn on the night of a full moon. When we turned back 'human' we had no idea how much destruction we caused. Finally, we decided to put an end to it when I accidentally killed a little Demeter camper named Jonas. We decided that it wasn't safe for our friends and family for us to be living with them, so we fled. We lose control sometimes, even though we have gotten better at making sure something like that never happens again. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up. I gulped. "H-how did you know about that…?" I ventured. I glanced at Annabeth through the corners of my eyes. Her silver eyes were narrowed with suspicion, causing a ring of gold to reach out from the pupils. Osiris waved his hand dismissively. "I know a lot of things, Percy, more than you could imagine." I nodded, even though it still caused my skin to crawl. Osiris turned around and gave us a small smile. "I'll leave you to heal, Percy Jackson. I hope you two consider my offer, as it would bring me great joy to see you two someday reach the Fortitude division. You have what it takes." Then he walked right through the white bricked wall. I shuffled back to my bed and sighed with relief when I sank beneath the blankets. Annabeth sat down beside me on the edge, her hand resting on my shin, right below the injured knee. "What do you think of it?" She asked me, looking me in the eyes. I shrugged. "I don't know. I mean, it sounds like a good deal to me, it sure beats running for our lives every night." She nodded. "But it seems a little too soon, don't you think? I mean, if you hadn't gotten shot, we wouldn't be here, and all of a sudden Osiris wants to recruit us? I mean, we just met this man, we could be mentally impaired psycho serial killers who munch on toenails for all he knows, and-" "Mentally impaired psycho serial killers who munch on toenails…" I echoed. My voice shook with unborn laughter. She glared at me, but I could see a ghost of a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth. " Focus , Jackson." I took a deep breath and motioned her to continue, but I doubt the crazy grin ever wiped off my face. Annabeth slapped my arm but continued. "It's a great opportunity for us, that's for sure, but I think we still need to think about it. I'll tell him that we'll give him your answer after you heal." I nodded. Annabeth leaned in and gave me a kiss on the lips before she got up. As she walked away, I noticed something. Annabeth didn't limp. Not even a little bit. "Hey Wise Girl?" I called after her. "Yeah, Kelp For Brains?" She turned around, a perplexed expression plastered to her face, I studied her. Her silver eyes sparked with amusement. I leaned back. She knew what I was going to ask. "How?" I decided to say. She smirked. "You aren't the only one who got semi-healed by Osiris, Jackson. Since my ankle wasn't completely injured, he was able to heal it completely." She answered. I nodded. "That's great. It's about time your ankle healed." She smiled at me, "Yeah, it is, isn't it," She turned around and lifted a hand in salute, "Well, I'll leave you to it, Percy. Go back to sleep for now, we have a lot to think about." I nodded. "See ya later, Annabeth." "You too, Percy." She answered. She waved her hand and a doorway opened. Annabeth stepped through, gave me a warm soft smile, and disappeared. I sank back into soft pillows, contemplating the situation we were in. I could feel myself getting drowsier and drowsier. Should we say yes ? My eyelids grew heavy. What would happen if we say no? My breaths evened out. Was this a good idea? My eyelashes fluttered and the lids closed over my eyes. Before I fell asleep, I thought about what Annabeth and I had to go through these past 7 years. I came to a conclusion. I knew Osiris could hear me, so I answered him telepathically. My answer is yes, Osiris. I will join you, but I can't speak for Annabeth. When I slipped off to dreamland, I think I heard Osiris answer me. That's wonderful, Percy Jackson. Your training starts in 10 days. Or maybe it was only a figment of my imagination. Author's Note: So that's chapter one! I'm having good vibes from this story! Chapter 2 comes out when this gets 10 reviews. You like this story? Then you readers bettah review! Ha-ha, I love you guys! But seriously, review on this so I can see if I should continue. Oh and yes, I did change my username, because a certain fanfiction on this site turned me against the Jiper ship. Sorry, Pipes, but I think I love Jeyna now. Thanks for reading! I lurrrve you! XOXO, JeynaxPercabeth