of demigods! Angel started changing direction of her movements to the nearest girls' bathroom. Sasha and Maxine followed without complaint. When Angel reached the bathroom building, she jumped off easily and headed in. Unsure, Maxine and Sasha jumped off and headed after her. Angel's shoes made clicking noises on the floor. There were rows of sinks and bathroom stalls. Angel went and turned on the faucet of a sink. "Help me," Angel ordered her friends, "Turn on all the faucets." "Why?" Sasha asked. "We're going to have a water fight," Angel smiled slyly. She turned to her friends and told them of her plan. Maxine and Sasha were doubtful, but Angel was positive. The three girls turned on all faucets and all water fountains. They asked Angel many times if she was sure. Angel always answered, "It's going to work, don't worry. It has to work." Maxine was well assured every time by Angel. Sasha was not that assured though, she was rather worried. "How come I have to do the final, hardest part?" She complained. "Your part is important!" Angel tried soothing Sasha, "Just try your best, ok? You know we'll be there for you." "Yes, ok. Fine, I'll do it." Sasha replied. "They're coming!" Maxine shouted, "Get in your positions!" Hurriedly, the three scooted to their places. The empousa and herd of Katobleps were arriving very quickly. Angel signaled for their plan to start. "Why don't you all slow down?" Maxine said soothingly to the Katobleps, "Just take your time! You have all day." "You really think that charmspeak will work on me?" Kelli snarled. "Nope, I don't think so at all!" Angel answered in a grin. The Katobleps were slowing down, and coming into a stop. Kelli tried to slow down, to be in part of the cow group. Angel saw this, and tried concentrating on water as much as she could. It was a strange, curious sensation. Her gut was tight and her brain hurt. Ripples suddenly started appearing on the pools of water in the girls' bathroom. Sinks, fountains, and toilet water began bubbling. The water from them sprouted out, went out the door, and zoomed straight into Kelli. The water splashed onto Kelli and her face, surprising her. Angel also summoned water to turn the dirt into mud from under the Katobleps feet. The cows were stuck. Using the water splash as a distraction, Maxine knocked Kelli off her feet with wind. She was also concentrating like Angel, except on the wind. The empousa fell to the ground with a thump. It was actually more like a splat because of the wet dirt and mud. The Katobleps tried speeding up again, but with no success. Now Sasha stepped forward. With all her might, she tried summoning things from the ground. Objects started popping up from all over the ground. Gold, gems, rubies, and all types of gemstones arose. Even rare ores and metals came up. The ground was covered. There were so many varieties; it seemed to be glowing. The objects were scattered all across the ground. The Katobleps slipped on the gems and fell over in large bundles. Then, Sasha summoned more gemstones from the ground. She piled it right on top of all the Katobleps to form big piles. When Kelli started getting up, Sasha tried burying her with gems too, but it didn't work. Kelli was too fast. She got away just in time. Kelli started getting away. "Why you nasty little demigods," the empousa said, "I will come back!" She left in a great hurry." The three watched silently. "Should we chase her?" Maxine asked. "We better not," Angel replied. "That was amazing!" Sasha exclaimed, "The feeling, the sensation! I felt all that power rising up in me. The ground was shaking and trembling and, wow. It was awesome." Suddenly, the three noticed all the piles and piles of beautiful gems. They shone with absolute brilliance. Maxine had never seen so many gems in her life. "These gems are beautiful!" Maxine squealed, reaching out for a ruby, "There are so many! Who knew there were hundreds of gems right under the school? It's extraordinary!" "I recommend you not to touch those," Angel warned, "You should heed my advice. Do not take Sasha's summoned gems and precious metals." "Why?" Maxine wondered. "Because," Angel replied shrugging, "The minerals and gems are cursed. Whoever holds or keeps them receive very painful punishments, like losing an eye, going to the hospital, or breaking a leg. Possibly even death, so don't try." Hearing this, Maxine backed away from the gems with caution. "What about me?" Sasha asked, "Can I touch them?" "Of course," Angel replied, "You summoned them anyway, they don't affect you." Excited, Sasha headed to a pile of summoned gems. She picked a few up and admired them. She shined some up with her shirt, and they glowed like crazy. Maxine peeked over in slight jealousy. "Angel," Maxine asked, "How do you know all this? It's like you knew this would happen. Why don't we know anything?" "Haven't any of you read Percy Jackson or The Heroes of Olympus?" Angel asked in deep confusion, "They're really good books!" Suddenly, the three girls heard shouts of teachers and students. A large crowd was coming forward. They could see their eyes of surprise. Either from them or the piles of gems, they didn't know. "Let's go greet them and tell them about everything!" Sasha said with enthusiasm, "Maybe even show them our new powers!" "Bad ideas," Angel countered, "How about, instead, let's run." Angel darted away. Maxine followed. Sasha regretfully followed too. The three girls jumped and darted out of the school and into the street. Behind them they could hear the school bell ringing, signaling the end of the school day. All the kids in the district would be leaving school and going home, either by walking, on bus, or car. All the kids except three were going home. All except three little girls.