me Tastes so sweet, looks so real Sounds like something that I used to feel But I can't touch what I see Will did gentle and soft movements, nearly like ballet, but more modern. He spun towards Nico and stretched out his arms to him as he reached the end of the first verse. Nico stepped back, given the meaning of the song. When Will withdrew, Nico did some moves of his own. He moved forward and made his moves seem like he was asking for Will to come with him. We're not who we used to be We're not who we used to be Will took Nico's hand and pulled him close. They took two steps forward then two steps back. Will was staring at Nico so intently. Like he… he wasn't sure what to feel. He then spun Nico and made his back face him. Trying to remember how it feels like to have a heartbeat Nico then separated himself from Will then turned to face him again. They continued to do these gentle and graceful movements until the final chorus. Jumping in sync, moving like waves on the sea. They were holding each other like lovers do and feeling the music as it was. Sunshine and Darkness could have never been in more harmony than they were in that moment. They were tangled up with each other so intimately they could feel each other's heartbeats. That's where it kind of went on it's own flow. At one point, the last chorus, Nico went with his gut instinct and ran towards Will then jumped. Amazingly, Will didn't miss a beat. He caught Nico and he instinctively wrapped his legs around Will's waist and he supported Nico's weight and spun in order to take the momentum. We're not who we used to be We're not who we used to be We're just two ghosts standing in the place of you and me We're not who we used to be We don't see what we used to see Nico then rested his forehead on Will's. Dance was practically an excuse to be intimate with someone without saying anything. To be intimate with someone you like and not have any repercussions about it. We're just two ghosts swimming in a glass half empty Trying to remember how it feels to have a heartbeat Will put Nico down and held his hands. Trying to remember how it feels to have a heartbeat I'm just trying to remember how it feels to have a heartbeat Will then dipped Nico so low that Nico's hair nearly touched the floor. The song ended, but the duo did not separate. Will was smiling and panting at the same time. His eyes did not leave Nico's face. "You're good." Will said. "You're better." Nico replied with a soft smile. Their breath was mingling in the air between them. Will fought the urge to kiss him. He had been dancing with him the whole day. He had been holding him the whole damn day. They have been talking the whole day. He felt like he's known Nico for the longest time… but he had barely scratched the surface. Neither did Nico. Dancing was such an amazing way to showcase one another's feelings. No words. "I-" Will cleared his throat. "I-" His throat practically closed up. He stared at Nico's lips for a a long while and noticed Nico was glancing at his. They have been brushing each other and dancing around "professionally" the entire day. Will supposed he was subconsciously flirting with him and making dance an excuse. "I want to date you." He blurted that out and immediately regretted it after. Nico seemed taken aback. "What?" "Sorry! It's just that we've been so close the whole day and it's just that you're so great and it's like we've known I mean we're so in sync and I'm just blabbing now and I kinda like you and-" Will's face started to heat up. "Oh my God. Are you straight? I am so sorry. I can't even, did I just? What? I um…" Nico shut him up with a light kiss on the lips. Will was so surprised but he was quick to kiss him back. It was short, but sweet. Nico's lips were warm and soft and he wasn't a bad kisser either. He tasted like cinnamon, despite the extra onions he had on his sandwich earlier. He imagined it was the candy he saw Nico sneak into his mouth every once in a while. When they separated Will helped Nico up from the dip and smiled at him. "That was… a nice surprise." "Good." Nico blushed hard. "Because I was afraid you would push me down to the ground." "If that was the way I'd get a yes every time I asked someone on a date, I'd be a happy man." Nico smirked. "So you aren't straight huh Death boy?" Will raised an eyebrow. "Rainbows and Death?" Nico smiled sheepishly and squeezed Will's hand before letting go. "No. I'm gay. Definitely not straight. Thought you would of figured it out anyway." Will smiled wider then cleared his throat. "You wanna grab a bite? I know this great place down the corner…" "You asking me out?" "Yes I am. I did say I wanted to date you, and you kissed me Di Angelo." Will pointed at Nico. "Sure Sunshine." Nico put his hands in the pocket of his sweatpants. "I'll go with you to McDonalds." "How did you know-" "Wild guess. I'm craving it anyway. I'm getting the happy meal." Nico then picked up his bag from the corner of the room. "Come on Will." Will picked up his own bag with a huge smile on his face. "Let's go then." And they walked out of the studio together. -LINE BREAK- (A/N: and that's the actual fic! This is the first fanfic I've ever finished so if it's bad it's fine just tell me lol! Please review! Thanks!)