elbows down with her knees, crushing them with her weight. I gasped out in pain, trying to push her off. She blindly reached for something on the nearby counter and when she got it, I caught the gleam of the knife. I jerked my entire weight to the left and got out from underneath her. The sudden shift caused the knife to scatter away and I had managed to pin her down. She bucked wildly underneath me as I gripped her head with both hands. I lifted her up to meet my eyes and the fear in hers was unlike any either I'd ever seen before. "Have a nice trip to hell, mom." Then I slammed her head down, causing a sickening crunch. The impact created a dent in the back of her head and a tortured scream left her lips as she drew in her final breaths. "I," I rose her head before I violently slammed it down again. "Fucking," This time with more force and her flesh finally gave out, seeping out organs and blood vessels. "Hate." By now, Sally was long gone but it felt so good to give her death she really deserved. "You," I slammed it down more violently this time, causing blood to erupt and wash over me. Out of breath, I shakily rose and looked over at Paul. His eyes were fixated on Sally and his chest barely rose. By the time I got around to burying him, he'd be dead. So I let him carry on with the short life he had left then started to clean up. I found a few towels and started the grueling task. As easy as blood was to spill, it was harder to clean. I placed Sally and Paul on a bed sheet and into the foyer where I could still see Paul blinking at me. "What?" I demanded, rising out the blood soaked towel in the sink. "It's blood, not nuclear waste. Chill out." No response. Huh. I whistled while mopping, thinking of what I should get to eat. Italian? Maybe. I bleached the floors and sink down, grabbing a black trash bag. I cleaned off the knife that was buried in Paul's chest, placing it and the towels in the bag. It was dark by now so I cleaned up, placed my bloody clothes in the bag and borrowed one of Paul's white shirt and jeans. They were baggy on me but they'd do. "You don't mind me borrowing this, do you?" I asked him. Two blinks this time. "I knew you wouldn't, thanks buddy." I brought my car round back and into the garage. It was almost midnight when I placed Paul, Sally, and the black bag into the trunk and drove around town, looking for a place to bury the bodies. I parked the car outside some woods, grabbing the bodies but leaving the black bag. The mortal police would find them eventually and at this point, I didn't really care. Thus, I trekked through the woods, dragging the body of my dead mother and her almost dead boyfriend behind me. Once I felt that I had placed the adequate amount of dirt on the bodies, I left the cemetery and grabbed a quick bite at local burger joint before heading to the docks. Once there, the Princess Andromeda cruise liner was docked and waiting for me. A flight of stairs opened up like a harmonica to meet me and I boarded the ship. A lone figure was at its helm, overlooking the calm waters. "Beautiful night, isn't it?" Kronos asked, acknowledging my presence. "I'd say so." I replied, massaging my right hand. "What's wrong with your hand?" My father asked. "Oh, it's just starting to cramp up. It happens when I don't give myself a break between stabs." Kronos smiled, pride evident in his eyes. "I didn't order you to kill her." "Them. Sally and Paul." I corrected, glancing at him. "Besides, you knew that I would do it. That's why you sent me there." "I had an inkling but clearly, all you needed a little push in the right direction." When I didn't respond, he continued. "I killed my father too. Castrated him and took his throne actually. Good times...good times." "Nice." I murmured sarcastically. "I know. Anyway, what of the girl?" "I didn't go see her." I told him and I wasn't sure why I hadn't. I guess I got too caught up with Sally and Paul. "You can still go if you'd like. We depart on the morrow." I rose a brow, what was his angle? I considered it but thought better. "I think I'd rather send her a message. Can you arrange for the mortal police to search the cemetery by 47th street?" The titan snapped his finger and his eyes glowed a bright gold for a moment. "It is done but why would you want her to know about the bodies? She'll think poorly of you then. Not that I care, though." "You said you wanted the camp to know that I'm on your side now-killing Paul and Sally will send a loud and clear message. She needs to know that I don't need my mother anymore. That I'm not some broken child in need of repair. I don't need parents. I don't need anybody." I backed away from the railing, keeping my gaze on my father. "And I sure as hell don't want to be saved." A/N-Dun dun dun! Yeah, so that was the first chapter of Destined. I know I threw an entire info dump at the beginning of the chapter but I wanted to give a recap of the previous books and didn't want to sprinkle it throughout this fic. Got it? Okay, so as always if you have any question check my FAQs on my profile and if it isn't answered there then leave a review or PM me and I'll respond ASAP. Updates are on Sundays and ya, see you then!