inside of her, and she twisted until he hit that sweet spot that made her toes curl and any resemblance of coherency left her. Eyes burning and determined, Percy continued to thrust into her, hitting that sweet spot every time. Pleasure built inside of her, with every thrust and every stroke of that spot. She writhed beneath him, gasping as she thrust up to meet him; Percy trembling as he drove into her, groans and nonsensical mutterings tearing forth from his lips that may have been her name or a prayer or both. "More," Annabeth demanded, " Percy." She could feel her orgasm building, she was so close, and Percy thrust harder, his movements losing their careful rhythm as stars dancing before her eyes and gods it felt so good, so perfect, more, more, Percy ; Annabeth came with almost pained cry, arching hopelessly as she fell over the edge. Pleasure took over her senses and Annabeth lost herself to the feeling, distantly aware of Percy's body shuddering above her as his orgasm hit him. The tremors lessened and the roaring in Annabeth's ears slowly ebbed away. Her eyes were closed. She could hear the sound of their sharp breath echoing almost deafeningly in their little air bubble beneath the surface. Percy laid on top of her, his entire weight settling over her. His arms had curled around her. Her arms felt like lead but she carefully moved them to run one hand through Percy's hair and the other idly stroked his back. Percy said nothing, but snuggled closer to her. His lips brushed against her skin as he exhaled slowly, peacefully. They simply held each other, listening to the sound of their calming hearts. "Percy." "Hm?" "Jason and Piper are probably wondering where we've been." Annabeth softly said. Percy grunted but made no effort to move. "Percy." "One more minute." Annabeth huffed but smiled fondly as she carded her fingers through his hair. "One more minute." One minute passed and slowly began two, then three, then five until Annabeth knew they couldn't linger any longer. "Percy, get up." She instructed, pushing on his chest. "Come on, move it." Percy made a protesting noise, but rolled off of her. Arms still firmly wrapped her, he hauled them both into a sitting position. Annabeth almost jumped at the return of the surface noise. She blinked in the bright light before letting her head fall onto Percy's shoulder. She didn't want to leave, even though she knew they had to. Percy kissed the crown of her head. "Come on Wise Girl, we gotta get dressed." "Yeah," Annabeth agreed. She stood on slightly wobbly legs and they leaned against each other as they climbed onto shore. She resolvedly avoided looking at Percy as she got dressed, knowing his dazed expression and tantalizingly bare form would only distract and tempt her more. When she turned around he was redressed and offer her a lopsided smile. "C'mere," he said, holding his arms out and she didn't hesitate to step into his embrace. He smelled like salt and water and home and she closed her eyes as she buried herself in his chest. "By Jupiter's beard, honestly, you two will give us all cavities." Annabeth opened one eye to glare over Percy's shoulder at Jason, who pushed his way through some branches to step onto the creek's shore. "You were gone so long the other campers found us already and took Piper back to camp, but I had to go and find you two." Jason did not look happy; he glared at the pair, obviously displeased at being taken from Piper's side. Percy grinned, "Sorry Jason, lost track of time. Let's go." He released Annabeth but linked their fingers together. Annabeth glanced over at him and he smiled, his eyes soft and gentle and she squeezed his fingers tight as they followed Jason out of the forest. I love you, his eyes said. I love you too, her smile replied "Oh, Annabeth, Jason was just perfect, " Piper sighed. It was late in the evening. Annabeth and Piper sat around her bed in the Aphrodite cabin, Piper's leg propped up on a plush pink pillow from one of her sisters. Her ankle was only twisted, but Will gave her strict instructions of bedrest and minimal exertion until it healed. Piper looked much better, the mud and grime from their monster hunt cleared away. "After you left, he was so gentle when he took care of my foot." She smiled, looking at Annabeth with bright eyes, "And then he kissed me and it turned into a total make out session." Piper giggled, "He was so shy and sweet. Perfectly gentle but with passion. It was hot, we never would have gotten away with something like that at camp." Piper worried on her lower lip, peering down at her lap to fiddle with a loose strand on one of her pillows. "Is that what it's like with you and Percy?" It occurred to Annabeth that the daughter of the love goddess was trying to compare her and Jason's relationship to that of the 'greatest love story of the modern age'. Annabeth tilted her head and surveyed her friend with serious gray eyes. She thought about a little creek in the middle of a forest, searing skin alongside icy waters, harshness of breath and gentleness of whispers, a secluded bubble beneath the surface… "Yeah," Annabeth lied, "yeah it's something like that." Piper smiled, leaning back against her plush pillows, looking pleased. A/n I forgot to write in a condom so let's just pretend Annabeth's on the pill. Still, I feel like I should mention that unprotected sex is a terrible idea unless you want an embarrassing and painful sexual disease or a bun in the oven; both of which are life changing in their own ways so choose wisely yeah? This turned out much fluffier then I intended. I don't think that's a bad thing. Please review. Thank you.