that? His lungs felt like they could burst at any moment. Percy. Percy heard someone call his name from the distance. But that was impossible, right? He was still in the muskeg, still sinking, still drowning . Percy! He heard a different voice that time, but this person sounded closer than the last one. Percy! Percy! "Percy!" Percy coughed up the water that had caused this mess in the first place, keeping his eyes shut as he did so. He felt like he had drunk an entire pool of water with the rate that this was going. "Give him some space, guys," a voice called out above him. Percy was too tired and on edge to think of the person who had spoken, just focused on expelling the water out of him. Once Percy had the water out of his lungs, he slowly opened his eyes and found himself on his side, with grey eyes staring back at him in concern and worry. "Are you okay, Percy?" Annabeth softly asked. Percy pushed himself up just enough to where he could turn onto his back. He closed his eyes and took in deep breaths, coughing up water every now and then. "Okay, boys, let's see if we can get him up and onto his feet." Coach Hardy. "Percy." Someone was tapping his cheek to make sure he was awake. "The guys are about to help you stand. You need to open your eyes." "No," Percy muttered softly, his voice aching from all the coughing that he did. "Did he just say something?" There were too many voices and too many people crowding him that he couldn't help but whimper in pain and fear. Everything was closing in on him and he couldn't breathe. Why couldn't he breathe? A hand was placed on his shoulder and another one gently cupped his cheek. He felt his head turning to face whoever had him. "Percy," Annabeth's voice whispered. "Look at me. Can you look at me?" Percy's breathing hitched and he couldn't get any air. He needed air. "You can breathe just fine, Percy." Annabeth's voice soothed him. "Now just look at me." Percy slowly opened his eyes to meet Annabeth's grey eyes. She smiled softly at him. "It's okay, Percy," she gently comforted. "It's just you and me, okay? Just us." Percy was still hyperventilating, but thankfully not as much as before. He looked around to see where he was. Somehow, he had gotten to the locker room and he was currently lying on a stretcher, Annabeth sitting by his side. "W-what-?" Percy croaked. "You were in the middle of a race when you just suddenly grabbed your throat and started to thrash around in the pool," Annabeth explained, taking his hand in hers. She took a deep breath. "It was honestly the scariest thing in my life." Annabeth gave him a scrutinizing look, making Percy squirm uncomfortably. "Is there something you forgot to mention, Percy?" Annabeth asked, her tone gentle but her look judging. Percy shook his head, avoiding his girlfriend's hard look. "Are you sure about that?" Annabeth's voice had a hint of a hard edge to it. Percy sighed and looked back up at his girlfriend, his face full of fear and his eyes watery. "I-I thought that I could get over it," Percy whispered, only because his throat still ached. "My fear." Annabeth scrunched her eyebrows together. "What fear?" "My fear of small spaces," Percy softly replied. Annabeth got a look of understanding on her face and closed her eyes. She sighed. "Why did you join the swim team if you knew that you had claustrophobia?" "I didn't know it would be this bad," Percy croaked, protesting. "I mean, there was that one time when I was practicing and it came about, but-" "Wait, hold up." Annabeth interrupted. "This happened before ?" Percy winced. "Yes?" "Percy!" Annabeth scolded gently. "Why didn't you say anything?" "Because I thought that that would be the only time," Percy honestly said. "I didn't think that it would come up again." "Percy, it's a fear," Annabeth softly countered. "Of course, it's going to come back when you're about to do something that scares you." Percy shook his head, keeping his tears at bay. "This is stupid," he laughed bitterly. "I'm the son of the sea god, for Zeus' sakes! Why am I scared of a little water?" Annabeth gave him a sad look. "I wish I could tell you the answer to that, Percy." Percy gave out a shuddering breath. "What now?" "Now?" Annabeth replied. "Now, you're going to rest." "What?" Percy protested. "No, I'm not." "Yes, you are." Annabeth replied. "No argument. Your coach and everyone else agreed that you should and will be resting." Percy was going to argue, but he saw the look on Annabeth's face that clearly stated that he shouldn't push it. He sighed and settled back down on the stretcher. "This is stupid." Percy muttered. "So you've said," Annabeth commented. She made a move to get up. Percy's heart picked up. He didn't want to be by himself. He wanted to have someone by his side so he knows that he's not alone. He took Annabeth's hand. "Please don't leave." Annabeth looked at him in confusion then looked and realized right away what he thought. He thought that she was leaving him. "I'm not going anywhere, Percy," Annabeth promised. "I'm just going to tell your coach and your mom that you're awake and I promise that I'll be right back." Percy was persistent. He shook his head. "No, just stay with me. Please." Annabeth sighed and nodded, sitting back down by his side. "Alright." Percy's heart slowed down and he released the tension that he didn't know he was holding. He closed his eyes and went to sleep, Annabeth still holding his hand. As long as he had Annabeth by his side, Percy felt like he had someone he could lean on. And for that, he was grateful.