and all of our parents are there. Together." Will's dad Apollo stood around the Jackson family room with a tall glass of champagne in his hand. He greeted Paul with a blinding smile before opening his mouth and Percy's voice filled the air with his attempt at a deep, manly voice. "Hiya, Paul! Hey, isn't it just swell how our kids are such good friends?" Paul smiled too widely for it to be anything but fake. Over to their left, Fred lifted his glass of champagne with an equally large smile. Percy's voice spoke for him in a slight Canadian accent. "Yes, Apollo! They are quite a gang of youngsters! Ha ha ha!" Marybai and Sally came strolling into the living room from the kitchen with enormous smiles on their faces. Percy took on a falsetto voice as Marybai opened her mouth to say, "Sally, I love what you've done with the kitchen!" Sally laughed dramatically before Percy spoke for her in a slightly nasally falsetto voice. "Yes, aqua and yellow! Blahblahblahyakyakyak!" Returning to his deep voice over, imaginary Apollo asked, "Speaking of kids, wasn't it lucky Triple A pulled Percy's butt out of the fire when he took the car to Albany without your permission?" Paul put his hands on his hips with a mock exasperated look on his face as Percy answered for him in his normal voice, "Why, that twisted little sea-monkey. I'm grounding him for ten years! Ha! We all should ground our kids for ten years!" They all laughed exaggeratedly before Apollo added, "We should torture them with plenty of pointless rules and advice, too! Ha ha ha!" "Hey, everybody," Marybai exclaimed in Percy's falsetto voice, "let's hustle!" The imaginary parents began dancing as Percy ended his fictional story. Thalia watched quietly as the raven haired boy with the sea-green eyes finished his mad ravings before she finally spoke up. "So, where y'all heading?" "Rundgren concert," Jason answered calmly. Zoe returned from the inside of the garage, wiping her hands with a greasy rag. "Cool. So, you need a battery, huh? I can get you a battery." Annabeth perked up from where she'd been slumped against the Cruiser. "For cheap? Maybe, even free?" "How 'bout one battery for two concert tickets?" Zoe suggested. "Or, and hear me out," Leo countered, "we give you our battery and some loose change for a new battery?" Zoe and Thalia completely ignored him as they looked to Percy for his answer. "Sure, you can have Leo and Will's tickets," Nico answered before Percy could do the noble thing and ruin everyone's chances of going to the concert. "I mean, right, Will? It would be the right thing 'cause if you don't give up your tickets then no one gets to go." Will stuck his tongue out at the Italian boy before turning to Leo, expecting him to defend them. Instead, he found Leo begging Percy not to leave him alone with Will. "Leo Valdez!" Will shouted. Leo instantly quieted down but still threw puppy dog eyes up to Percy. "Well, it would mean that we get to go," Jason said quietly. "And Frank and Hazel are probably really worried about us right now." "Alright, it's a deal!" Nico exclaimed. Reyna gave Leo an apologetic pat on the back as she climbed into the Vista Cruiser. Annabeth and Percy gave quick apologies before also piling into the car. Thalia took their two tickets before heading to her own car. Once at the concert, Leo and Will were left alone in the car while the music played in the distance. Will sat up abruptly causing Leo to look up from his pouting. "This isn't working," Will said matter-of-factly. "We should break up." Leo shot up as he reached for Will. "No, no! What? Now?" "You're not having a good time." "I'm having a great time!" Leo insisted earnestly. "Look, I know I come across as an idiot sometimes and I say things I don't mean and I'm so sorry. Please, don't leave. I am having a great time right now." Will relaxed minutely as a smile played at the edges of his lips. "Alright, thanks, babe." Leo pulled his boyfriend closer to him as they listened to the distant thumping of music. (***) Annabeth and Percy stood in front of the Cruiser having dropped everyone off after the concert. It had ended up being a ton of fun, even though they still felt guilty for leaving Leo and Will out. Well, they had felt bad until they came back to the Vista Cruiser after the concert and found them making out like the hormonal teenagers they were. On the bright side they had made new friends with the lesbian mechanics who made them promise that if they ever needed a mechanic they would call Artemis Automotive. "This was a great night. Who knew that one act of civil disobedience could change your world. There's a whole world that's waiting to be explored! We could go to … Canada! What's stopping us?" Percy said enthusiastically. Annabeth looked at the sky, searching for an answer before retorting, "Pretty sure Canada closes at nine thirty." They chuckled. Just as Annabeth was preparing to say goodnight, she got an idea. "Thanks for the ride," she said as she leaned in for a quick peck on his lips. "Whoa," Percy breathed. "What was that for and how do I get you to do it again?" "I just wanted Nico to stop rubbing it in my face that he's kissed you and I haven't," she giggled as she walked off. "Goodnight, Seaweed Brain." Percy shouted after her, "Yeah, like I'm going to sleep after that, Wise Girl!" End of the first chapter! I know a lot of people's personalities are slightly different but I tried to make them fit as best as I could. Hope y'all enjoyed this was so much fun to write! Piper will be in the next chapter-if there is one-and it'll be great!