had turned on them. A few even seemed to be walking over to investigate. They had probably been raising their voices and disturbing others, but it wasn't their place to be nosy. That agitated the hell out of Nico, but he simply pushed it to the back of his mind. Right now he had more pressing matters. "I just want to help-" "Well don't try." "But I just think-" "Solace." "Can't you see all I want to do is-" " No ," Nico's harsh voice cut off. He had shouted it this time, " Just don't ." Will's jaw clenched even more than it had before, if that was even possible. He fixed Nico with his eyes that threatened to drown him in a sea of blue. The were sharp and looked... almost emotional. Deafening silence followed for what seemed like hours. Neither moved, neither removed the death glare from one another. Nico would have smiled if not for the bone crushing atmosphere. He took immense triumph in finally shutting Will up about his health. But Will wouldn't say anything, and Nico began to fidget nervously. In fact he could feel his cheeks begin to redden as they continued to stare at each other through the unspoken tension. Was Will's cheeks flushed, or was it just his imagination? The raven haired boy shuffled his feet awkwardly to attempt at breaking said tension. Hades he wished the shadows would just engulf him already, instead of Will stubbornly holding on. As much as he liked trumping Will, he didn't like the way his smile had turned into a thin line. Or the way he was staring at Nico, as if he'd done something horrible. His chest constricted tightly as Will turned sharply and vanished into the storage room without even a word. Just like that. Why hadn't he flung an insult over his shoulder? Had what Nico said upset him that much? And now that he thought back on their heated argument, he realized he probably had said things he hadn't meant to. Nico's expression tightened and twisted to that of concern and panic. He couldn't deal with Will being upset with him . He just couldn't . Nico pushed past the other people that had gathered to watch their argument with interest — he remembered a few Aphrodite girls had a smirk on their faces — but he didn't care. He shoved them all aside and shot them a glare that sent most running for the hills. Annoyingly they hesitated before quietly disappearing to their own activities. He turned back to where Will had vanished and raised a hand to push open the door. Will was the only person who seemed to make Nico smile, at least a little bit. The only person to put up with his sulking mood. If he lost all of that, just because of what he'd said... He couldn't stand it. He felt that suffocating feeling in his chest again and furrowed his brows. He hadn't honestly realized Will had meant... that much to him. The desire to rekindle their friendship and apologize was even stronger than before. And so, the son of Hades pushed into the room and grabbed a handful of Will's shirt. He forcefully pulled the sulking boy — wasn't that a change of personality for him — out of the supply closet as Will gave indignant spluttering sounds. Nico ignored them. That was it. Even if Will was a stubborn, overly tan son of Apollo, Nico couldn't deny he had a crush on him. And he would do anything to help their friendship, even if Will never wanted a relationship in the future. He wasn't Percy... he was much better. And according to Will, he was all Nico's for one more day. Might as well make it worth the while. Will wanted so badly to shout at Nico. He wanted to push him away in spite. If Nico hadn't wanted to be friends, and if he hadn't wanted him to touch him for Gods sake, then he should have said so in the first place. But despite Will's anger, he didn't push away for whatever reason. He just continued to let Nico guide him towards the supply cabinet he'd previously been working on. That confused him on a number of levels. He spotted Nico giving him a little peek. His nose wrinkled up and he let out a huff and rolled his eyes before positioning Will beside the counter. His hands hesitantly let go of Will's now wrinkled shirt — he'd ironed it this morning, seriously — and looked away. "Sorry." Oh gods. Had he heard right? Had Nico just apologized to him ? He shouldn't have done this in spite of their argument earlier but... he laughed. And soon he found himself wheezing uncontrollably while clutching his sides. Maybe they could possibly be friends, and that made Will very happy. So. I'll leave their conversation to your imagination. c; Of course they made up - but they haven't exactly faced their feelings for one another as of yet. Also I'd like to point out in my version Nico is about almost 15, and Will is about almost 16. So just to clear the air, in case you guys felt weird about the whole racey dream Nico had. And sorry if it wasn't all that fluffy. The next chapter will definitely be, with a little big sister Reyna [ I totally support their adorable bro / sis relationship ] and Nico confessing his feelings for Will to her. Then possibly Will's conclusion on his feelings. I imagine that Will and Nico would start off awkward and prickly towards each other, and then slowly over time begin to unwind. Anyways. This is only the first chapter. Look out for number two in a few days or so. Rate and review, tell me what I should correct and how to correct them! This is actually my first human related fan fiction, so yeah. JHhjgfvhjgb.