Leo was pleasant to talk to as well. Perseus hoped that being a slave wouldn't harm him so much he'd lose himself. The three of them got along pretty well, but it began to feel stuffy and it became agonizing that he couldn't move from his position on his back. I think this is the point , he thought. Otherwise we could be standing to conserve space. They want us to lie here and stay static . The small of his back was beginning to feel sore. "I miss home," Annabeth said softly, "What's going to happen to us? What's happened to Corinth ? I don't want to—" she turned her head, beginning to cry, "I'm afraid…" Perseus didn't know what to say to help her. So he settled on, "Me too. We—We can be scared together." Annabeth looked at him, then glanced down. She hesitantly grabbed his hand. "Promise me, Perseus, you'll never forget Corinth. You'll always fight for Corinth, never Rome. No matter what." Perseus nodded. "I promise." She smiled at him warmly and then nodded off to sleep. After a few minutes, she snuggled up close to his side. He stiffened at the movement, but relaxed when she moaned in her sleep. He closed his eyes and fell asleep himself. About a week later they reached Rome, and Perseus felt like he'd gone to Tartarus and back. Every part of his body was so sore. He didn't want to lift a limb. He was parched and he needed to eat. He'd never been so skinny in his life. And it was worse to watch Annabeth. She was emaciated. He tried to offer her his food but she always insisted he eat his own. A few times on the ship the soldiers would take random slaves and take them away. Perhaps they were going to different cities to work. There were only about twenty or so left when they arrived in Rome. They were practically pushed off the ship. Collars were put on them, and it took all the self control Perseus had not to try and rip it off. They then went directly to the slave markets. The slave markets were busy and bustling. People were yelling and the streets were packed. He saw slaves from all places on the stands, looking hopeless. Men looking for slaves would look at the plaques while other men in special white garb, the slave traders, would explain the "features" of each slave like they were products. Perseus's shoulders slumped. He was feeling hopeless too. As Perseus walked to his place on the stand, Fabullus pulled him aside. "I will try to purchase you myself. But I cannot guarantee—" "You! Strip!" Perseus was confused. Everything was so overwhelming. It was loud and chaotic and he wanted to leave. He looked to Fabullus. He nodded. "You need to remove your clothes to get on the stand." And with that, he walked away. Perseus was shaking as he removed his clothing and walked onto the stand. He was barely there a minute before he was swarmed by buyers. His plaque was apparently very impressive. A loud voice stood out from the others. "I'm looking for a teacher and a companion for my little girl." "May I ask how old the Lady is, my Praetor?" asked the slave trader. "Ten." "I have the perfect slave for you, my Praetor." Perseus's heart stopped as they walked towards him. The Praetor of Rome ?! The Pretoria was an older man with a large white beard and electric blue eyes. He was tall and broad-shouldered, he was strong and intimidating. He had an air about him that communicated strength. Right beside him was a girl not much younger than he was. She had wavy auburn hair that was tied up into a bun, and she was wearing a silver headband to add to the look. She wore a long silver dress made out of fabric so light it flowed to the ground like water. A silver armband was clasped around her forearm. The girl had delicate, retry features, and skin like porcelain. She caught his eyes with her silver ones. They reminded him of the moon. "Here is Perseus. He is from Corrinth, Greece. He's twelve years old—only two years older than you my lady, and is highly educated. He can read, write, and speak in Latin and Greek. As you can see he has other assets as well regarding his physical appearance." He pointed at the plaque. Right then Annabeth stepped next to him, her hair falling over her shoulder in long flowing waves. She wasn't wearing any clothes either. Annabeth did her best to hide her body using her arms. She looked away, humiliated. Perseus wanted to stand in front of her protectively. "This is Annabeth. She's twelve as well, you see. She'd be the perfect companion! She is quite educated as well. I believe she'd be an excellent choice!" the slave trader was so enthusiastic Perseus was disgusted. "She seems like the best choice, as she is the same gender…" "No," the girl said sharply. She narrowed her eyes at him, staring him down with her powerful gaze. "I want him ." Translations* *I suggest you don't look these up on Google translate. It won't come out right, as this is true, real Latin I studied in school.* Sed illud est valde stultum. Cur passer? :: But that is very stupid. Why the sparrow? Scio, meus filius. Amo te. :: I know my son. I love you. Quaeso servare me et mea mater velim! :: Please spare my mother and me! Dicesne Latine? Bene. ::You speak Latin? Good. Ita:: yes Vappa :: scum GREEK (Sorry if some are wrong. I do not speak Greek) Naí :: yes Eî kakó :: you are evil Se agapó :: I love you Thank you so much for reading! Please let me know if you have any questions or suggestions and if you enjoyed reading. Until next chapter!