Annabeth looked up at me playfully. "Shh," I said before looking back up at Lou's reply. "Maybe I would!" She called. "If he actually asked me himself!" "There!" The whole campfire went 'ooohh,' and Connor blushed crimson at Travis's exclamation. I laughed along with everybody else as Connor ducked his head, glaring at Travis and I. "You're both so dead." We continued bantering back and forth- Connor never did actually get up and ask Lou Ellen- and I was laughing almost the entire time. This was home. These people were part of my family. Annabeth never let go of my hand the entire time. Eventually Chiron and Mr. D showed up and we started to sing. After the first song Mr. D went back to the Big House, claiming he had a headache. After he left we only sang louder and the flames of the fire shot up to almost eight feet and were a golden yellow. We sang silly songs like 'Zeus Might Be Your Dad, but Hera is Not Your Mom,' and 'Hermes Stole Apollo's Cows in Broad Daylight.' We had fun. Everyone was laughing and smiling and the Apollo kids were singing louder than anyone else. I caught Will Solace's eye and grinned at him from where I was sitting and he grinned right back. I had missed this place. Eventually people started trickling back up to the cabins in two's and three's. Chiron called lights out in an hour when about half of the campers were gone and eventually there was only a few of us left. Annabeth and I decided to head back up to and as we were walking, our interlocked hands swinging between us, I remembered my mom's words from earlier. ' I just have a bad feeling….' "Rachel for sure isn't coming here this break?" I asked Annabeth. She shook her head. "Not unless she specially asks her dad to. Why?" I shrugged. "I don't know. I just… well I've been thinking about the next Great Prophecy since summer ended. I was just wondering if she's had any of her feelings lately." Annabeth pursed her lips and nodded. "I have too," she confessed. "But when I spoke to her last she said Apollo hadn't been sending her any visions or prophecy lines in a while. You were probably right at the end of summer," she turned and stopped in front of me when we reached her cabin. "It will probably take years, and a whole new generation of demigods can handle it." I nodded and forgot about it as she stepped up the step leading to the door of Cabin Six. "You know," I started, "I promised everyone there would be no funny business." Annabeth raised an eyebrow. "Oh?" She asked. My smile widened. "But what sort of boyfriend- what sort of gentleman- doesn't kiss his girlfriend goodnight? That would just be bad manners." Annabeth nodded with fake seriousness. "Terribly rude," she agreed. "And since you didn't promise anyone anything-" "Just shut up and kiss me goodnight, Seaweed Brain." Annabeth interrupted before grabbing me by my sweater collar and pulling me a step forward, close enough for our lips to touch. Have I mentioned I love this girl? Because I did. I do . She tasted like peppermint and I moved one hand up to the back of her head, holding her hair between my fingers while my other hand moved to her cheek. Her arms wrapped around my shoulders and her lips moved slowly against mine. Whenever Annabeth kissed me I forgot where I was, who was there, what my own name was- "Hey! You two!" Leo's voice sounded from the Hephaestus Cabin's door and Annabeth and I broke apart to see all the cabin lights on and people craning their necks to look around their doors and through their cabin windows to watch us. "Some of us want to get to sleep and can't do that knowing you guys are sucking face in front of the Athena Cabin!" Both Annabeth and I blushed. "Thanks, Leo!" I called sarcastically. "Happy to help!" He called back before Jake called the cabin back inside. "Good job you two!" Travis called. "But isn't it past wittle Percykins' bed time?" "Go to sleep, Travis!" Annabeth and I called unanimously, causing the other campers who could hear to burst out laughing. Slowly the voices died down and I looked at Annabeth without being able to stop the smile on my face. She surprised me by giggling. "See you tomorrow, Seaweed Brain." She said before pecking me chastely on the lips and heading inside her cabin without another word. "Night, Wise Girl!" I called before making my way to my own cabin. I went to sleep quickly that night, not knowing that when I woke up my life would turn to total mayhem for the next seven months. Because when I woke up the next morning, Annabeth was missing. oooOOOooo A.N. So this is the prologue and I would really love feedback from you guys. If you could tell me if you want me to continue this story and if I'm doing an okay job of staying in character that would be great. Please, please, please, I could really use the info because if I'm out of touch with Percy's thoughts or words I need to know so I can either take the story down or work on improving it! So far I haven't written the next chapter or anything because I want to know if you guys would like to read more, but if I do decide to write more it might be awhile before I update again because I'll want to write at least a few more chapters so that it will help me update regularly. Thank you for reading, I hope you like it so far! If you have any suggestions for story ideas PM me or leave it in a review and I'll try to get back to you! Love you all! Percyjacksonfan3