and it's good as new, can't even tell they were drained. Nothing lasts forever; that's the main lesson of it all. Everything has a purpose, whether for good or ill, and sooner or later, that purpose will either be met or failed. Either way, they are done, no longer needed, tossed away and discarded like the junk it really is. There's no way to prevent it or conquer it. It's all just a matter of luck and tactic. The only thing you can really do is cross your fingers and hope for the best. Some get lucky, others don't. That's just the natural balance of the world. Like the story of Pandora's box we learned about last year. Curiosity killed the cat, so to speak. It's not just the cat, though. He's not the only one at fault. Mostly, the only thing we can blame is fate. I feel I have been lucky and kind-hearted (or, at least, tried to be), so I sure hope I get shown maybe some kindness. If not, well, what can I do other than push on? Nothing, that's what. I'll keep fighting, no, you won't see me give up. Not now, not ever. If fate decides to be cruel later down the road, I have a backup plan. I can take my life in my own hands, thank you very much. The only one anyone will ever see protecting me is me, that is one thing that will never change. I've worked hard to be where I am, and I'm so close to finishing it all up. Fate won't stand in my way, and neither will school. Which is why I have a boatload of AP homework I work on for roughly an hour before I have until two am to study for. I probably do need a life, but overachieving isn't a crime, now, is it? This has to earn me some credit for being able to function fully and completely on three hours of sleep and morning coffee black as my soul. Maybe not. It's probably not healthy, I should know, I had to take several courses of health that were not a high point in my learning experience, but I don't really care anymore. Some things have to go and sleep is only so necessary. Besides, it's not like I can go back and suddenly care about how I look. Silena, Rachel, and Drew love to play Dress Up Annabeth (the only one seeming to hate that game is, oh, well, what do you know, Annabeth), but I couldn't care less of my appearance. I have a goal, a plan, a bright future. Some things will have to be sacrificed. I don't mind at all, because, after all, I'm only going to be here for a few more months before it's 'goodbye New York'. I refuse to be stuck here for the rest of my days. I have more potential, I can feel it. I want to do something with myself other than be someone I don't want to. Because I am human, I am also rather selfish. I want a lot of things for myself, I think I can do things better than others, I think I chew as much as I desire to bite off. Some would call it my fatal flaw, I call it my pride. One in the same, I suppose. I don't really like being too standout-ish, which is probably why the walls of my room are painted gray. Super depressing and haunting, I know. It wasn't really my idea and I don't care enough to change it. It's not like there's anyone to see it, though. It's just me in my own little world. I'm good with that. People are just annoying and frustrating and all those glorious things that everyone presides over. I'd much rather stick to the facts and right now, the facts say that I probably need to get a life. Go figure. Well, a life can surely wait. I have better things, more important things to take care of. I probably seem hard headed, highly introverted, and perhaps even self conscious. That's because I am, okay? I set my mind to something, I achieve it. I don't care about a social status because I don't need one. I'm only seventeen, my whole life is ready to be laid out before me. Besides, consuming alcohol is highly dangerous for a minor. It can mess with their brain. It's probably already taken effect on most New Yorkers, not that I'm surprised. Nothing should really come as one, not anymore. But there's this sad truth- the world is filled with surprises, and just when you think you've overcome them all, well, let's just say that while you change, so does the world, and that means more surprises that are renewed every day, hour, minute, second, of our lives. Time is an unbalanced object fixed above our heads and we have to deal with it in our own ways. We're all different, and yet we're not different at all. Humans really are confusing creatures, if you really think about it. PersnicKety2018 here! Okay, I lied. There's also Rumbling Night Cutter. We have decided to co write this modern human!AU together, ta da! But it's just me right now, so, sorry. Annabeth's POV will be my chapters and Percy's are Rumbling Night Cutter's. We'll try to alternate and keep this interesting and as non-cliche as possible, but who are we kidding? It's a Percabeth story. Also, for my Soul Of A Dragon readers, I swear I'm working on the next chapter, I just got overly distracted with this story and had to publish it. Hopefully, it will be up soon and then I'll go back to my updating schedule. This story, however, will not have an updating schedule and Rumbling Night Cutter and I will just update when we feel like it/can. Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for the next chapter! ~'~ PersnicKety2018