wings came circling around the water, landing lightly on the sand and flapping his wings as he slowed to a halt. He whinnied softly, butting his nose into Percy's hand, and the boy chuckled, rubbing his muzzle. "Morgan, this is Blackjack, one of our camps Pegasi. Believe me now?" The Pegasus trotted over to her and leaned down, butting his nose against her cheek. Morgan surprised herself by laughing and bringing her hands up to stroke the animal, finally looking over and giving Percy a sheepish smile. "I do. I'm sorry." Percy held his hands out, a twinkle in his eyes. "It's okay. Not the first time I've had to prove it," he stated, looking pointedly at Rachel. "Still," Morgan murmured, glancing at Will as he finished tending to her feet and wrapped them both up tightly in gauze. "I'm sorry." She shivered as the breeze picked up and blew cold ocean water in a mist across her face. Realizing that she was still only wearing a sports bra and shorts, Percy pulled off his shirt and tossed it over to her, revealing the tank top he wore underneath. "Thanks," Morgan said softly, shrugging the shirt on. "Okay," Will said, snapping up his first aid kit. "You should live. You staying in Hestia's cabin tonight?" "What?" Morgan asked in confusion. "The cabin we found you in," Percy clarified, helping her to her feet. Without warning, he lifted her up and sat her on top of Blackjack, who whinnied quietly. "It's Hestia's cabin. She's a maiden goddess, so she doesn't have kids, but her cabin is close to the camp border so that mortals can get in if they need to." "That's nice of her," Morgan whispered as Blackjack started walking back across the beach, Percy, Rachel, and Will moving alongside the Pegasus. "Yeah. She's the girl who was tending to the fire you saw," the son of Poseidon informed her. Morgan nearly fell off the winged horse. "Huh?" Rachel chuckled. "She hangs around camp a lot. She's pretty much everyone's favorite goddess. But don't tell the other goddesses." The trio chuckled and Morgan just stared at them in disbelief. They bade Will goodnight when they reached an unbelievably shiny and gold cabin, lit by soft torches clamped to the walls. Rachel walked off towards a cave, and as confused as Morgan was that the girl slept in a cave, she kept her mouth shut. Percy pulled her off of Blackjack when they reached Hestia's cabin and helped her inside, easing her onto one of the beds. "I uh…I'll come get my shirt in the morning," he said, rubbing his neck sheepishly. Morgan shrugged it off without another thought, tossing it at him. Seeing the blush on his face, she waved a hand. "Shut up. It's a bra, Percy. Not like I'm naked." Percy stammered for a moment. "I uh…um…right, sorry, I just…uh…" Morgan raised a slow eyebrow, pulling back the quilt on one of the beds and slipping under it. "What?" Seeing the look on his face, she nearly guffawed. "Shut up. I'm not flirting, I have a girlfriend." Percy went dead silent and his face turned bright red in embarrassment. "Oh. Sorry. I mean uh, not sorry that you have a girlfriend, cause that's great, but-" "Shut up, Percy," Morgan said with a role of her eyes, sinking down under the covers. "How am I getting home tomorrow? Or not home but…" She frowned, her eyes squinting as she tried to think of somewhere to go. As her face fell, Percy's features returned to their normal color and he knelt by the side of the bed. "My mom would be willing to take you in for a while if you need. Where does your girlfriend live?" "In Indiana," Morgan admitted. "We met online. She'd take me in, but I don't want to just….I don't know." Percy laid a hand on her shoulder, smiling. "In the morning, me, my girlfriend Annabeth, and my friend Piper will take you over to your house to get some clothes and stuff, and then my mom and my step dad Paul will let you stay at my house for a while. They do it all the time for demi-gods on the run or mortals who end up in here. K?" Morgan hesitated but nodded, tears stinging more than her feet. "Thanks, Percy." Percy smiled and stood up, sweeping his hair out of his eyes. "No problem. You need anything in the night, don't hesitate to come get me. Cabin with all the sea stuff, ya know?" She grinned and nodded, watching as he left the room. Morgan sank down under the covers and relaxed, finally letting herself cry. In pain, in anger, in embarrassment and frustration. She pulled the pillow into her arms and sobbed heavily into it, realizing just what she had found out that night, just who had pulled her to safety. "Don't cry honey," said a soft, gentle voice. Morgan glanced up in surprise, sniffing, to see the young girl from earlier standing by the table and pouring two cups of hot chocolate. She looked up at Morgan, her eyes flickering with literal flames, though they were soft and warm. "Hestia?" Morgan guessed, brushing away her tears and pushing her glasses back up her nose. The goddess smiled brightly and moved over to the fireplace, sitting down and setting the mugs of cocoa on the floor. She beckoned towards the ground in front of the fire, her voice soothing and gentle. "Come over here, Morgan, and I will listen to anything you have to say. Come sit at my hearth." I came up with this in the middle of my religion class (oh the irony) and spent the rest of the time writing head canons for Hestia, most of which I identified in here. She is such an underappreciated goddess, and I love her. Here's hoping you all got the reference to Pandora's box in the beginning. Reviews would be lovely.