the monsters belly and watched in satisfaction as it crumbled to dust. She turned around to see Clovis helping Sadie off of the floor and the two looked at her in disbelief. Lacy glanced down as she changed her sword back into a clip and Aphrodite's blessing disappeared from her body. She ran her tongue over her braces in annoyance and slipped the barrette back into her hair, walking over to Clovis and Sadie with an embarrassed smile. Sadie studied her for a moment. "Do you know Annabeth Chase?" she asked, which was not what Lacy had expected her to say at all. Clovis and Lacy looked at each other, startled, and they nodded. Voices began coming out of the hallway and Lacy looked at Sadie. "How do you-?" "Egyptian gods," Sadie said simply, grabbing her hand and pulling her towards the gaping hole, gesturing for Clovis to follow them. "Come on. We got a lot to talk about." "EGYPTIAN?" Lacy groaned, hopping out the hole after Sadie. "I was having a bad enough time with just Greek and Roman ones." Paul Has a Hard Time Explaining Why One of His Students Sometimes Spouts Green Smoke and Dead Languages "…and so Dionysus was born. According to legend, he was a handsome god, who-" A snicker came from the front of the classroom and Paul bit back a smile, knowing exactly who was laughing before he turned around. "Miss Dare, would you like to comment on your laughter?" he asked, turning around and looking at Rachel with mild amusement. Rachel shrugged, her eyes sparkling. "I dunno, I just always envisioned Dionysus as kinda pudgy and with a bad sense of fashion." Having seen pictures of the god in real life, Paul was inclined to agree, but he waved his chalk at her scoldingly. "Miss Dare, don't you know if he hears you say that he could strike you down with madness?" Rachel snorted, knowing the god would never risk killing the Oracle, and Paul turned back to the board. "Anyway," he continued, glancing at his book, "Dionysus was born and travelled for a long time, spreading wine through the lands before actually becoming a god. He invented wine one day when-" A thump sounded from behind him and a girl shrieked. Paul whipped around, the chalk hitting the floor as he threw his book to the desk, running around and kneeling next to Rachel, who had hit the floor on her hands and knees and was shaking violently. Green smoke now curled around her body, spilling from her lips and Paul put a gentle hand on her back. "Rachel," he murmured soothingly. "Come on. You're good. Can you fight it back?" He said it quietly enough so that the other kids wouldn't hear and Rachel shook her head rapidly, her eyes beginning to glow and her limbs quivering. "Class dismissed!" Paul shouted in a no nonsense tone. When no one moved, he spun to face them. "I said, class dismissed!" The kids, rarely seeing Mr. Blofis get so angry, quickly gathered up their books and fled the room, each one taking a long look at Rachel, some out of sympathy, but most with looks of disgust on their face. The second the last one had left the room, Rachel started speaking, though it was in Latin and Greek, so Paul had no clue what she was saying. He merely rested a hand on her back and texted Percy, who was in science across the school building. Rachel's having another vision. Come whenever you can. He set his phone aside as the girl slumped heavily against the teacher, shaking. "I'm sorry, Paul," she whispered, burying her head in her hands. "I wish I could stop them." Paul shook his head quickly, rubbing her back. He knew that with any other student, this would look really bad, but Rachel was basically his daughter and the staff knew it. "It's not your fault, Rachel. I know that." "You shouldn't have to stop class for me," she muttered, punching a desk halfheartedly. "That's the third time this month." Paul shrugged. "I don't mind," he said softly. Rachel sighed and stared at her hands. "The students here all think I'm nuts," she muttered, glowering at her fingers. "They're kinda right. After all, I have a thousand year old Oracle inside my brain." Paul snorted and shook his head. "But that's what's unique about you. You're completely mortal, but you're not. And if they think you're nuts, just remember there's a ton of half gods out there who would protect you with their lives." Rachel gave him a small smile. "Thanks, Paul," she murmured. "I still wish I didn't have to interrupt class. I like our god banter." The man snorted and pushed her shoulder gently, getting to his feet and helping her up. "Well yeah, because we know what's true about the myths and what isn't. It's funnier to us." Rachel grinned and gathered her books into her arms, slinging her backpack over her shoulder. "I'm sorry again," she said sincerely. Paul waved a hand at her and began packing up his books and materials for the day, glancing at the door as Percy darted in. Seeing that Rachel was on her feet and back to normal, he slumped against the doorframe. "Are you kidding? I just ran across school for you and you're normal?" Rachel bit back a smile. "Maybe if you're lucky Mr. D will smite you." Percy frowned. "That doesn't even make any sense," he protested. "Neither will you," Paul elaborated, his lips twitching, "if Dionysus gets to you." Paul and Rachel left the room chuckling and Percy stood there in utter confusion for a moment, racking his brain for the implications of what they had been talking about. " What?" Fin. Confused Percy is fun Percy. Reviews? I like more minor characters. I was gonna write one for Hestia, but I already have a whole other story for that called Hestia's Hearth.