at his side. "Leo…hey. Listen to me. We love you, okay? I need you to remember that." The boy shook his head violently, curly hair flying. "Seventh wheel," he muttered hoarsely. Annabeth looked at him in confusion, her head tilting. "Seventh…? What?" "Nemesis," Leo shuddered. Annabeth put the pieces together and her heart shattered. "Oh. Oh Leo, no. No, we love you so much. Listen, please. Come back with us, okay? Please?" Nico stood and walked over to Will, taking his hand gently as he saw his boyfriend's face pale. "You okay?" he whispered. Will shook his head. "She hasn't looked this desperate since Percy went missing." Nico nodded and the two fell silent, hands pressed together for comfort. Leo stared at Annabeth for a long time, his eyes wary. He must have read something in her eyes, however, because his lower lip trembled and he threw his arms around her, shaking violently and crying into her shoulder. The girl gulped back tears of her own and rubbed his back soothingly, caressing his hair and murmuring soothing things in his ear. "Leo…come on, hon. Guido's waiting outside for us. I'll take you back to camp. Percy will be so happy to see you. He hasn't stopped blaming himself. The lake blew up a couple times. And Hazel's been so upset that gems pop up everywhere. Frank keeps turning into various animals. Jason hasn't stopped shocking everyone. He can't even hold hands with Piper. And she basically stopped talking." Leo shivered. "I caused all those problems," he whispered. Annabeth pulled back and gripped his shoulders firmly. "No. You're the cause of them. But because we love you. Do you think Nico and Will would have come all this way looking for you if they didn't want you back?" Leo looked up at the couple and a jolt of surprise passed behind his eyes as he took in their intertwined fingers. "I….you're dating?" he finally asked. Annabeth glanced behind her with a raised eyebrow. "You didn't say anything?" Nico shrugged, his heart pounding as he waited for either ridicule or acceptance. "It didn't really come up," he said sarcastically. Annabeth scowled at him and turned back to Leo. "Yeah. They have been since the end of the war. The one you ended." Leo studied the boys for a while before a sad smile crossed his face. "Congrats, guys. Guess dark and light do mix." The couple rolled their eyes, having heard it all before, but smiled. Leo sighed and pushed himself wearily to his feet. It was only then that Annabeth saw how battered he was, and she gasped. "Oh, Leo," she breathed, wrapping a gentle arm around his waist. "Come on, honey." As they stumbled out, Joyce called Nico over, her eyes worried. "Here, baby," she said, handing Nico a card. "This is the diner's number. Give us a call when you get home safely, okay?" Nico smiled. "Of course. Thank you, miss. It's nice to know the world isn't all bad." The owner winked and Nico hurried out after Annabeth and Will to find them helping Leo onto Guido's back. Blackjack was helping as much as a Pegasus could, using his nose to help nudge Leo every time he slipped. When he was finally situated, Annabeth climbed on behind him and Nico and Will clambered back onto Blackjack. The ride home was silent and, Leo, finally feeling safe, slipped off to sleep. Annabeth rummaged through his tool belt and pulled out a length of rope, using it to secure the teen to Guido's back. Will maneuvered Blackjack over to Guido. "How quiet can we keep his return?" he asked Annabeth softly. "I don't want him getting overwhelmed." Annabeth smiled sadly. "Don't worry. I only told Percy, and I told him to keep quiet, though I think he told Grover, just in case some nature magic might help him. He's offered to let Leo bunk with him for as long as he needs to." The boys nodded and Annabeth studied them. "If you guys want to go on your date, you can. I can get Leo back to camp." To her surprise, each immediately shook their heads. "No," Nico said firmly. "I've been in his position. Being alone…it was the worst. And Will is a good healer. He can help." Will nodded. "Yeah. Also, I'm not worried about our first date. We do have the blessing of Lady Artemis, after all." Annabeth's jaw dropped. "The….do you understand how hard that is to accomplish, especially for guys?" The boys smiled impishly and laced their fingers together. Annabeth rolled her eyes, a smile tugging on her lips as they descended towards the Poseidon cabin at Camp Half-Blood. Annabeth gently shook Leo's shoulder. "Leo. Hon. Come on. We're going to go in quietly. You're going to stay with Percy for a while, so that people don't freak out too much." The son of Hephaestus nodded hesitantly, rubbing his eyes. "Are you…are you sure Percy wants me there? I…I never really thought he liked me all that much." The Pegasi landed on the ground just behind the Poseidon cabin, and Percy looked up from the book he was reading (Annabeth obviously had some influence on him). His throat bobbed as he spotted Leo, and he shut the book, setting it on the ground as Annabeth helped the Latino from Guido's back. Leo turned to Percy and the son of the sea god took in his disheveled appearance, his hurting eyes, and his heart sank. "Look, Jackson," Leo said softly, glancing at the ground. "You don't…you don't have to…" Percy strode forward in three steps and crushed Leo in a hug, startling the boy. Very slowly, very hesitantly, Leo hugged back. "Shut up, Valdez," Percy whispered hoarsely, holding back his tears. "No way in hell you're going anywhere else." Uggghhh it's two in the morning and I'm like crying and depressed and fricking Leo and Percy bromance and Solangelo and ugh. Review for my crying soul.