hadn't heard the conversation, watched in confusion as the two left, and glanced at Grover, Thalia, Nico, and Will, who were all sitting with her while Reyna broke up a fight between a child of Mars and a child of Ares. "Where do you think they're going?" Will snorted, wrapping a light arm around Nico's waist. "Probably planning something that you want nothing to do with." Annabeth chuckled and sat down next to Grover, who was already picking over the food and finding bits of metal and fruits that he could eat. "You're probably right," she admitted. The group greeted Reyna warmly as she walked over, and the group of campers all fell into silence, quiet murmurs of content the only sounds as the campers (after offering portions of food to the gods) dug into their meals and relished in the good food. She had just taken a large bite of ham when Annabeth heard Pipers voice from across the pavilion. "And now, for your meal time entertainment, I give you two dorks with swords!" There were two indignant cries of "HEY!" from behind her and the dining area burst into peals of laughter as Jason and Percy stepped up, each grinning. "While we don't have swords, we do have a show for you," Jason clarified. Percy grinned wickedly and glanced at Will, winking and snapping his fingers. Almost instantly, the lights of the pavilion shut off and there were small gasps of surprise. "Will...are you involved in this?" Nico asked softly. The son of Apollo didn't answer, merely chuckled, and the pavilion quieted as a bolt of electricity hit the tip of Jason's sword. Rather than going out, the spark stayed on the edge of the sword, providing enough of a glow that the campers could see Jason's face. Jason glanced at Percy and grinned, holding out his crooked arm. Percy linked elbows with him and, with minimal effort, Jason managed to raise the both of them into the air. Percy held out a hand and gave a grin as water rose from the glasses on the tables, each swirling around until they formed a large, glistening trident in the air. "Jason"?" he said with a grin. The son of Jupiter grinned and pointed his sword forward. The electricity flew from the tip and into the trident, illuminating the water with thousands of golden and silver colors, lighting up the entire pavilion. The crowd of campers gasped in delight at the display and Percy and Jason smiled, glanced at one another, and high fived. The water and lightning exploded in a shower off sparks, scattering across the campers in a light drizzle. The two boys returned to the ground, both slightly exhausted but happy as they took goofy bows and sat down with their friends. After dinner had concluded and everyone had gorged themselves on Percy's mother's cookies, Percy and Frank hugged everyone and waved goodbye, clambering onto Blackjack and setting off for Percy's apartment. "We'll see you guys on the 26th!" Percy called from the back of the Pegasus. Frank waved brightly and the two flew off into the night, leaving their friends to clean up and hang out. Reyna paused for only a moment before grabbing Nico by the wrist and pulling him off to the side. Will saw this and raised a slight eyebrow at his boyfriend, but Nico waved the son of Apollo off. "Reyna? What's up?" Nico asked softly, tucking his hands into his pockets. Reyna looked a little sheepish as she pulled a box from the bag on her shoulder. "Well...it's not much. But I got you a Christmas present." Nico looked surprised. "Whoa, hey. You didn't have to do that for me. I've never gotten a Christmas present before, so I don't need one now." Reyna shrugged and pressed the box into his hands. "That's why I got you one. It's not much, and it's kind of stupid..." Nico chuckled and cut her off with a hand on her shoulder. Reyna was amazed by how much the teen had changed since he had come out and started dating Will. "Reyna. Whatever it is, thank you." He pulled the ribbon off of the box and tore the paper from the outside, gently taking the cover off. His eyebrows shot up and he rolled his eyes as he pulled out a Hawaiian shirt, completely done in blacks and navy blues. Reyna began stammering. "I...I thought that maybe since you didn't like bright colors...like, you might like having this kind of shirt but in darker colors...I got one of the Iris kids to take the color out of it and I mean...if you don't like it, then like..." Nico shut her up by giving her a huge hug and a gentle kiss on the forehead. "Shut up, Reyna. It's great. Thank you." Reyna grinned and gave the son of Hades a noogie before going off to hang out with some of her Roman friends. Will sauntered up to his boyfriend and wrapped an arm around the boys shoulders, kissing him affectionately on the cheek. "So, do you actually like the shirt?" he questioned. Nico studied the fabric for a moment. "Kind of. But it made her happy to get it for me. That's all that matters." Will chuckled and Nico leaned his head on the teens shoulder. "Merry Christmas, Nico," he whispered. Nico glanced out at the camp, the Roman's and Greeks wishing each other a Merry Christmas as the clock struck midnight, the Christmas tree, glowing brightly and shooting out dozens of colors into the night, Leo running around with his mistletoe until finally the campers convinced the nymphs to chase him and kiss him instead, and he sighed happily, intertwining his fingers with Will's. "Merry Christmas, Will." That was long. And kind of adorable. And I loved it. That's all that matters. Merry Christmas, Happy Hannukah, Happy Kwanza, whatever you may celebrate! So...review? Credits for the prompt ideas go to blackjacktheboss on Tumblr.