he knew that it was no use. They were packed too tightly, and there wasn't enough room for him to get leverage to move them. Will focused the light above him, finding that there was about a foot of open space above them. The rock they stood on currently was covered in pebbles and sea urchins, but otherwise looked sturdy. He glanced back at Percy, who was thumping his head against a rock. "Well don't do that," the healer scoffed. Percy winced and turned back around, nearly bumping chests with Will. "Sorry, man. I didn't mean to get us stuck in here." Will waved a hand and dug into his pocket. "I'd rather be stuck in here than dead. Does anyone know where we are?" Percy scowled and shook his head, running a hand through his wavy black hair. "No. Because I'm an idiot and didn't tell anyone but Blackjack, who won't be concerned because I didn't know how long this would take." Will smirked and pulled out a drachma. "Well, we have this, a penlight, and water. Maybe we can call someone?" Percy agreed but, try as they might, the penlight just would not shine through the water enough to get a rainbow out of it. After nearly fifteen minutes of trying, Percy sighed and slumped back against the rocks. "It's no use. The light isn't bright or big enough." Will stared down at the light and grimaced. "Uh…is there any way you can extend the air bubble to surround us both?" Percy gave him a funny look, but did as he asked, surrounding the bubble until nearly the entire alcove was filled with air. Will pointed to a corner. "Now…rip enough of a hole so that water comes in." "You'll drown!" Percy protested immediately. Will glared at him and Percy sighed, holding up a hand and twisting his fingers. A rip appeared in the bubble and water began spraying in. Will shoved the penlight into Percy's hands. "Hold this," he muttered, his heart pounding. The teen did so without complaint and Will shut his eyes, feeling the water start to pool around his feet. He opened his eyes, grabbed the light with his hand and with one swift move, expanded it to the point where the alcove was practically shining. Percy yelped in surprise but Will forced himself to ignore him, aiming the light at the incoming water (which was now at his knees). A perfect rainbow formed and Will chucked the drachma into it, shouting, "Iris, please accept this offering! Get us Annabeth, at Camp Half Blood!" The image shimmered and Annabeth appeared in front of them, in the middle of teaching a younger camper how to properly hold a knife. She didn't notice them until Percy yelled. "Annabeth!" The girl whipped around, knife drawn, and immediately relaxed, at least until she saw the panic on the boys' faces and the water that was now at their waists. "What the-? Percy? Will? Where are you?" "Underwater, stuck in an alcove after a rockslide," Percy babbled, his eyes keeping watch on the water rising around Will's body. "We can't move the rocks, and we're stuck. Get Tyson and send help." Annabeth nodded and Will slashed through the vision. Percy immediately stopped the water from coming into the air bubble and Will gathered up the light in the alcove, keeping his eyes on the penlight in Percy's hands. Before he could put the ball of light back into the device, Percy stopped him. "How…I mean….is that a thing all of Apollo's kids can do?" Percy asked in awe. Will flinched and shoved the light back into the tiny flashlight. "No," he muttered, taking it from Percy and clicking it off. "I'm the only one. Ever." Percy's smile faltered and he rubbed the back of his neck. "Kinda like Leo with the fire, huh?" Will grimaced. "Yeah." He glanced up at Percy and sighed. "I didn't want anyone to know. People have been treating me weird enough as it is ever since Nico and I started dating, and this would just be one more reason to treat me differently." Percy stared at Will for a long moment, chewing on the inside of his cheek. "Dude, that's an awesome power," he finally said, shaking his head. "I mean….what we just did….dude, we created a rainbow in a dark cavern underwater. That's a pretty handy power to have." Will gave a hesitant smile. "Well…yeah. But I still don't want people treating me weird." Percy punched his shoulder gently. "Will, if they treat you weird, that's their problem. Same thing I told Leo. You're powerful. Don't hide that." Will flushed and glanced down at his sopping wet sneakers. "Yeah, well….thanks, Percy." "It is weird, though," Percy mumbled, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. Seeing Will's look, he held up his hands. "Not you. Everything that's happened in the last few years. I mean…first me, this son of Poseidon everyone says is too powerful. Then you get Nico, who can literally raise the dead. And Leo can set things on fire with his bare hands, a power that hasn't been seen since before the Second World War. You got Annabeth, who found the Athena Parthenos, and Frank, who can change into animals. And then you, the only known descendant of Apollo who can control light with his hands that we know of…" Percy trailed off as sounds of digging sounded above him, and Will looked at him in confusion. "You think…you think we were all brought together for a reason?" he asked. Percy shrugged, backing up and pressing himself and Will against the wall as pebbles started falling from the ceiling. "Maybe," he grunted over his shoulder. He paused and glanced back at Will with a smirk. "But until we figure out why, you just keep on making rainbows." Will couldn't help but smack him in the back of the head. Idk that ended kinda weird. But yeah…. Reviews are good. My birthday is tomorrow…pity party?