have a dead fiancé to bury so," the man dropped a pellet like object and smoke poured from it, making it hard to see anything around them. Percy put his shirt over his mouth and nose as it became impossible to see more then a foot in front of him. "Tata for now, Percy Jackson. I can't wait until our next encounter. I wonder who will die next time? Your mother perhaps? Oh and, by the way, my name's Caleb, Caleb Turner." The smoke cleared to reveal a damaged street with wet golden dust and a bleeding girl. Percy ran to Annabeth. He dropped to his knees at her side. "Annabeth," he gently stroked her forehead as her eyes fluttered open. "Per-cy," she whispered haltingly. "I'm here," he said as tears welled up in his eyes. "Its okay, its not your fault," she managed. "Yes it is. I should have saved you. And the man, Caleb. He said he did it because of me." Annabeth shook her head slowly. "No, he just said that, he wanted you to feel bad. Its not your fault. Remember that time when you turned down being a god, just so you could be with me?" Percy nodded sadly, "yeah." Annabeth smiled. "I love you so much, you know that right?" "Of course I do," a tear landed on Annabeths cheek. "Don't cry," she said wiping it away. Another tear fell, accompanied by a drop of blood, Percy quickly wiped the blood away. There had been enough blood spent for a life time. "Your gonna be okay. Right? Your gonna make it and we're gonna go back home together. we're gonna go back home and your gonna be okay." He said hopefully. Annabeth smiled sadly. "Not this time Percy," the light in Annabeths stormy grey eyes seemed to fade as she started leaving this life. Her eyes closed. "Annabeth?" She forced her eyes open one last time. "I love you," she whispered. "Annabeth? Annabeth!" Her head lolled to the side as she took her last breath. "I love you too..." Two promises where broken that night, Percy could not protect her and Annabeth left... It was raining again. But its not like Percy would have seen the sun anyway. Not today, not for a very, very long time. No, he wasn't sure if the sun would ever shine again. Not after his Wisegirl, his Annabeth was gone. Everyone had left the cemetery hours ago. Everyone except him. He had stood there in the rain, still as a stone as people offered their condolences. They had left, umbrellas up to hide them from the rains cold embrace. Everyone except one. Except the one who had loved her more then he had loved the sun, more then he had loved life itself. Percy stood there in the rain. Dripping wet and cold to the touch. A scar now ran from his right eye to his cheekbone. His sea green eyes, once filled with life and laughter where now filled with anger, hate and regret. Anger at the man who had done this, and regret that it wasn't him in the coffin. That it wasn't him making his way down to hell. They had tried to make Percy come inside, to leave the rain and cold, to make him leave the side of his now dead lover. But he had just stood there, emotionless and unmoving, until they had given up. "He'll come in when he's ready," they said. But he wasn't. He didn't know if he'd ever be ready to go back to a normal happy life. He doubted it. He couldn't stand the sad forlorn looks thrown his way before they where quickly replaced by a forced smile. Percy moved for the first time in hours as he knelt down in font of her grave. He laid a single red rose by her stone. Annabeth Chase Loving daughter and Fiancé 1996 to 2016 "I love you Annabeth, I always will," he whispered. Then he stood up, he pulled the hood of his coat up, hiding his face, his scar, his pain. Hiding it from those who might think to look. Under the hood burned two green orbs, once bright with life, now hard and cold. Hardened by sorrow and anger, they burned with one thing. Determination. "Jason Turner. I swear on the river Styx, I will find you. and when I do, there'll be hell to pay." And so, Percy Jackson faded away, leaving behind a cold, dark and empty shell... Once a promise is broken, its never the same again... Well um, yeah. I'm not sure what I can say after you read that. I always read these sad heartbreaking stories and then the authors note at the end is all cheery and I'm like "I'm still sobbing let me just wallow in my feels for the next five minutes then I can pretend to be happy for the rest of the day!" Not saying thats how you feel about this story (Altho that was the mane goal of it) So when I let my little brother and my guy friend read this they came up to me and they where like, "Write more! Make it into a full book!" When I said no they started plotting against me... They said "If you don't write more then we'll just have to lock you in a closet with a notepad and a couple pens, there'll be a little slot where you can give us your finished work and we'll approve it! But if we don't approve it then no food or water!" Anyway, Review review review review Review! PLEASE! You seriously have no idea how happy they make me. (Also if any of you have a better idea of how old Annabeth is then I would be infinitely grateful if you could tell me;D) So yeah. Guess I'm done:) Please go to that lovely box and tell me what you think! ;p Cya next time! ~Phoenix313