you been there?" " Around five minutes. Sally is staying overnight, and she is looking after the kids. She insisted." " Is she sure?" " Yes. Also I am giving Rachel and Mary a lift back as well. I brought the sports car, and that is how we are going to get home." " Cool." " I also bought some..." He said whispering the last bit in my ear. I blushed heavily, and Nico giggled. Everyone turned to look at him. Nico giggling seemingly unable to stop. He was clutching his sides, and was breathing heavily. " Nico, are you okay?" Annabeth asked. " I heard what Apollo said, and the way Percy blushed, it's hilarious." No one else thought it was that funny, but it made us happy that Nico was happy again, and it had been a while since he had laughed properly. He had lost Bianca, and then had hung around with ghosts, and then he had ended up in tartarus, he seemed as innocent as he had when he was ten and was obsessed with mythomagic, and it was nice to know he was happy. We all laughed with him. " We have to go now." Apollo said, squeezing my hand. I hugged everyone, gripping Nico especially tight, mainly because he never really got hugged by people, unless it was Hazel and a while back it had been Bianca. " See you soon Nico." I whispered. " See you soon." " Bye guys!" Both Apollo and I called, while Rachel and Mary just waved. We got in the car, and dropped the girls off. We promised to see them soon, and I gave them our home number and promised them we would get together soon to talk and eat and things like that, probably at our house though. Apollo held onto my hand tight as we walked through the house. We said hi to my Mum, and she smiled, before winking, and smiling as Apollo led me upstairs. An hour and a half later, we were sat smiling in bed, and my mind was racing. I was happy that this was going to be happening thousands of years. But then it hit me, apart from Rachel and Mary, there was no one else. My Mum would die as would my friends. I was never going to see them again once they died. I would go to their funerals and cry, and then I'd never seen them again. They'd either stay in the underworld, or they would be reborn. I would be alone. Sure I'd have Rachel and Mary, but one day they would get tired of me, normally they do, I never really had friends in schools, and if I did they would only be there for a year, and when I got expelled they would leave me and never get in touch with me, maybe that was why I loved camp half blood, I knew they would be there for me, and they wouldn't leave me. My breathing hitched. Apollo's Pov Percy was beginning to hyperventilate. I could tell that he was uncomfortable, and that there were something happening in his brain, or some of his thoughts that made him uncomfortable. " Percy?" He clutched his chest slightly. " Percy? Are you okay?" " I-I..." " Are you okay?" " I..." " Percy breathe. Breathe Percy." I moved so that he had some space, and I looked deep into his eyes as I tried to calm him. His eyes were darting around the room. " Percy, baby what's the matter?" I asked a few minutes later when he calmed down. " All my friends are going to die." I had no idea what I was going to say. " Percy, this will happen in many years, you do realise that, but good things will come from it as well." " How?" " Well, over the years you have lost many friends, Beckendorf, Silene and so many others. Nico lost Bianca and his Mum, and they will all be reunited when it's over." " I'll be alone." He whispered. " No. You have me, and I've been speaking to Chiron." " What about?" " I think maybe it would be a good idea if you worked as a swords master at the camp." " Really?" " Yeah. I can get a nanny for the kids. You will still be there for them a lot of the time, but your ADHD has been playing up." " What do you mean?" " With staying around the house and cooking, you are only using a small variety of energy that you possess. With sword fighting, a lot of energy you do have will be used, and it is something you are enjoy and are good at. When you are sword fighting, your eyes light up Percy, and it's nice." " I guess I do like it." " I know. With the friends, it will be fine." " How do you mean?" " Yes they will grow old, but you'll always have memories, and then there are Rachel and Mary." " They'll get bored of me, everyone else does." " That's not true. I never get bored of you." " You will eventually." I moved so he could look into my eyes, and see the truth that I was showing. " I will never get bored of you Percy, and you need to know that." " Really?" " Really. Also Rachel and Mary won't either." " They won't?" " No, they won't. Do you believe me?" " I do." " Good." I pressed a kiss to his soft lips, and we moved on for another round. When we were done, we lay down once more, with Percy's head resting on my shoulder, and our hands clasped together. " I love you Apollo, and thank you." " I love you too Percy, and it is my pleasure." He smiled at me, and I smiled back before we settled down to sleep.