at the god. The air that surrounded him rippled slightly, responding to his anger just like the water in the tank for Bessie did. The sea cow mooed angrily. Zeus had a proud look on his face, like he knew Percy would say that. "Don't say I didn't warn you." He then waved his hand in the air in front of him and it shimmered, causing images to appear in the air. Percy stared bewildered. The air 'theater' showed an image of himself exiting Camp in the middle of the night. "This was taken a few days before the actual battle began." Zeus spoke out loud, wishing he had popcorn and a camera to save this moment. 'Percy' currently had Riptide uncapped, allowing it to glow faintly in the dark, lighting the objects around him with a slightly bronze coloured tinge. 'He' continued walking down the gravel path way before it merged into a well used pathway to the creek - where the borders for Capture the Flag were. 'He' continued walking, beyond the creek where the entrance to the Labyrinth was. 'Percy' reached out and touched a rock, causing a blue delta symbol to glow faintly, before fading huge stone that covered the entrance was lifted off the ground with a rumble, opening a space more than enough for a cyclops to fit through. 'He' stepped through and entered the Labyrinth without hesitation, making Percy more and more sure that the person in the scene was not the real him. After several minutes of twisting and turning, 'Percy' cane to a halt at a dead end. 'So he reached a dead end..." Hephaestus muttered. But he didn't turn back like what most of them thought. Instead, he groped blindly in the dark, proceeding to place his hand above a seemingly normal rock. A faint blue delta symbol glowed. The entrance shuddered to a stop and revealed a secret entrance to a hidden camp. Monsters which were happily minding their own businesses recoiled and snarled at 'him' when the saw the glowing three foot long Celestial Bronze sword. 'He' ignored them, though and walked breezly through the camp with ease, before stopping in front of a huge red tent. The tent was guarded by a dracaenae, something which a cross between a snake and a women, which snarled at him and poised her spear straight at 'his' chest. 'Percy' contemplated for a little bit,before raising his sword and lunged at the snake-women. 'His' sword was met full-on by the shield. It clanged harmless off the metal, causing 'Percy' to scowl in annoyance. The pulled back, before lunging once more. This time, however, when the dracaenae raised her shield, 'he' threw his right arm forwards, causing a torrent of water to explode from nowhere onto the shield. The shield flew out of its arms. 'Percy' smirked, something which sent chills down the spines of the Olympians watching, before slashing his sword straight at the dracaenae. It moved a few seconds to slow, before it could fully deflect the attack with the body of her spear, it was already cut in half. 'Percy' didn't stop, he twisted to the side, before plunging the Celestial Bronze deep into the side of the dracaenae. It looked at 'Percy' with pure hatred before collapsing onto the floor as yellow sulphurous dust. 'Percy' then capped Riptide and stuffed it into his pocket. "M' lord, preparations are ready..." 'Percy' trailed off as Zeus waved his hand through the air. The image disappeared promptly as all eyes turned to Percy. Nobody was able to believe anything from the video, not even Dionysius and Ares who hated Percy to the gut. Nobody spoke though. Zeus looked at the sea-spawn in front of him with a pleased expression. "Well Perseus Jackson, do you still deny that the Perseus in the clip was not you?" Percy opened his mouth to speak but Hestia beat him to it. "There is not a single doubt that Perseus would never joined Kronos in the second Titan was, if he did, why did he fight against him in the end?" She protested. Zeus gave her an apologetic smile. "These reasons I do not know, but the evidence here should be enough to prove that Perseus has been working with the enemy. Maybe he didn't when the war happened, but this video has proved that he was dishonest about something important." He focused his attention back at Percy, his hand sparked with lightning. "Any last words?" Poseidon rose from his throne in attempt to save but Ares held him down. Percy's eyes turned dangerous green and it was obvious that he was furious. Pale green aura surrounded him and the water vapour in the surrounding air started coming together. "You will regret your decision, Zeus. Don't expect me to play by the rules, anymore." He barked. Zeus somehow managed to keep his calm. "But evidence is still evidence. And the evidence has proved you guilty. I merely act in accordance with it." When he spoke, his voice was devoid of any emotions. Percy could barely retort when the lightning came at him, striking him straight in the chest. It engulfed him in a single white light, a silent scream forced out of his mouth, and before he knew it, he was gone from the spot, leaving behind smouldering ash. "Have fun in Tartarus." ~O~ Author's note: Welp, this is the edited version of it. not really much changes, but after reading it, I was like OMFG, I can't believe my English was this bad. Sorry about the late update though, currently working through the previous chapters, trying to seek out any grammatical errors or any spelling errors, especially in the second chapter. Don't worry, this story's not abandoned yet, but updates will come very very slowly. Tell me what you think about this chapter, whether the characters are OOC or not. Criticism encouraged, it's what makes the author write better. See you guys next chapter, Ja~