nature of his best friend, the first smile in what feels like forever as he dips his head down. A large part of him is wary, and he can't shake the guilt off, but this is a start. A start of being back to the way he was before, before the guilt began to eat away at his new found confidence. "You know," Leo starts, peering down at Nico as his voice goes from sugary sweet to rough and sour. "You didn't - you don't - have to blame yourself." Nico's eyes snap up, and amber meets black and Nico can see so much in those eyes - thoughts, feelings, everything. ( 'It's wasn't your fault.' 'You shouldn't have worried so much about me.' 'Everything is fine now.' ) and ( sympathy, despair and anger - bitter anger that narrows the other's eyes and chills Nico down to bone; he hasn't seen an expression like that on the other's face ever ). "I-I don't-" Nico curses the stutter that seems to have plagued since he crossed the doorway into his room, but he imagines that even without it his words were be empty and meaningless, because he did blame himself. That's all he's done these past few months; all he's found the energy to do is pin the fault on himself, because if he was a bit faster, a bit stronger, Leo wouldn't be fucking hurt- "Stop." The command is too loud in Nico's ears and causes him to wince, watching Leo wither with what seems like pity. "Gods, Nico, just stop blaming yourself. It wasn't your fault." Nico goes to deny it, his mouth starting to open, but Leo stops him. Leo knows what he is going to say, knows exactly what's going on in his mind, and he thinks he knows better. "Look, Nico. Even if you had gotten to me faster, what could you have done?" Fought them off. Put myself in your place. Anything more than being late, standing off in the sidelines like a fool. Leo doesn't seem to be fazed by the self-hatred brimming in Nico's eyes, simply pushing forward. "Nothing, okay? You couldn't have done anything. There was too many to fight off on your own. So, don't blame yourself okay?" The words don't comfort like Leo wants - or expects - them to, but there is a fire burning in amber eyes, one that won't dim until Nico complies. It's not like he has any other choice. He has to agree. It's what Leo needs him to do, and Nico, in the end, has a tendency to follow the other's demands. "I'll… I'll try not to," he murmurs, hiding his eyes beneath his bangs to cover up the clear emotions that always seem to spread across his face whenever he is around. It's just a lie, an empty reassurance, and it doesn't seem to convince the other ( not like Nico imagined it would - Leo was observant beyond what he seemed, at least when Nico was involved, and he could pick out fake words a mile away ). But Leo doesn't press. He takes it for what it is - an attempt, a try at not blaming himself for every little thing. Leo knows Nico, knows how utterly damning of himself he is, and he knows not to push. Small, little baby steps at a time, until Nico reaches the goal of guilt not consuming his entire being. But that's a long way off. So, Leo just fakes a smile, looking down at Nico with a fondness that still unnerves him, and opens his arms. A hug. Nico hasn't had one of those in a very long time. Physical contact is unsettling, but to feel Leo underneath his fingertips, to touch him and know for sure that he is there and this isn't just an hallucination of some kind - that would settle him, bring him back to the state of cold calmness he was known for. He reaches forward, and grabs the chance while it's still on offer ( not like it ever wouldn't be on offer - this is Leo we're talking about ). "Can't- breathe-" Leo chokes out, under Nico's strong grip, and Nico laughs, a full blown laugh, and when he pulls back the other seems a little shaken but he's grinning and so is Nico, until it is hidden by a mask, a familiar face of blankness, but his lips are twitching and there is happiness in his eyes despite the guilt eating at his heart - And things seem better. Even if just slightly so.] author's note: phew! finally got this finished. i've been working on it for about a month now, and it's been a pain in the neck to finish. it's also horrendously cliche in parts, but i wanted to get it over and done with before june was over (just imagine at the end aprohdite meddled and made it so leo woke up after nico talked with him in order for it to be more romantic or some other bullshit). this is pretty heavily nico-centric, so i hope i did him some justice? also leo is probably horribly characterised but i am terrible when it comes to writing him. this was based on this prompt i found while scrolling through tumblr: "you need to wake up because i can't do this without you." this only really comes into play nearer the end, but the whole fic was inspired by it. title is from hole in my heart by luke friend because i adore that song (i also kinda wanted to name this fic after travelling by ambulance - a song by monarchy - too, because it's such a valdangelo song - especially in the lines "too old to let it go / too young to work it through / just carry on with scars" - but i couldn't find a line i felt fit the fic exactly). anyway, hope you enjoyed this!