kept the food they could scavenge and some of their few belongings─ which you could see most of the city from, and a room that hadn't ben demolished and filled with ruin, in which they slept during the coldest nights. And it had Thalia. That was all Percy needed, and he was mostly happy. He lay down pretending to go to sleep, and waited until he felt her breath steady itself. Then, he got up. Thalia had the lightest sleep, and the smallest noise could wake her up. He gathered his dark cape and swung it over his shoulders, as he tiptoed towards the edge of the terrace. He looked back while he tucked the cloth to cover nearly all his face. With one last sorry look at his partner, he jumped. { Annabeth's foot tapped furiosly against the floor. She looked towards her left several times. In front of her the arabic pond glimmered in the moonlight, colourful fish swimming carefree. She pulled a gold strand out of her ponytail and tucked it in again, biting her lip. What if he didn't get it? Or if he didn't recognise? Her brain was going crazy. No , she said to herself. He'll come. She suddenly heard a rustle behind her and was turning around when a hand grabbed her around her wrist and another covered her mouth. She was lifted and carried, and she found herself sitting in a small stone bench, behind a column and a giant philodendron. In the darkness she noticed the glare of two sea green eyes. Then, Percy took off his tunic. She swung her arms around him and rested her head or his collarbone. All she could think about was him, his smell, his laugh… - - I was starting to become scared you hadn't recognised me back at the market. - Who else has storm silver eyes and fair hair, here, in Bagradàh? – He made his voice deeper in the last two words, while taking off dramatically the headscarf. Annabeth rolled her eyes. Suddenly, his stomach rumbled. - - Oh, Percy! - - It's okay! I have eaten today! She looked at him sceptically. - - What did you eat? - - Eer… - Percy couldn't lie to her even if he tried. – Half a pommegranate. – He muttered. Suddenly the ground had become very interesting. She put her head in her hands, and Percy lifted it gently. - - It's okay. I've had worse days. - - Is that what you were doing at the market? – She suddenly stopped – Oh my gods! It was my fault! You came over to me and wasted the time Thalia was buying you! It's completely my fault! - - No! Annabeth stop saying that, it's not your fault! Her grey eyes were stormy. Percy loved those eyes so much; he loved counting the silver streaks in between the grey ones and he loved how they changed shade depending on her mood, and how Annabeth smiled with them and not with her mouth, and how they lit up when she had an idea, and how they swirled when she was thinking or reading, and how they looked at him as if no one else existed… - - You shouldn't risk your life like that… I could bring you food, or money or… - - Annabeth – His voice was soft but firm – We have had this conversation too many times. I could not accept it. I couldn't. If I ever was so desperate to have to accept pity from you I'd… - His voice broke. - - But I don't need any of it, I have too many. - - I don't care how rich your family is. The only thing I want is you. - She looked at him, worry in her eyes. - - But if the guards ever caught you… - - They can't. I disappear in thin air. I vanish in front of their eyes. – He started moving his fingers like waves in front of his eyes, making Annabeth giggle - I am the fastest, the bravest, the… - - Most modest. - - Certainly. – He bowed his head jokingly. Annabeth smiled. – And I have the brightest woman of Bagradàh by my side… - - You flatter me. - - …Thalia! She opened her mouth and pushed him, pretending to feel offended. - - And of course, the brightest woman of all the world: Annabeth Chase. How did you come up with the idea of the fortune teller? She laughed and put her hands on his chest, as he leaned in. Annabeth felt happy and free, like there was nothing else in the world. Like she only felt when she was with him. After a while, neither the daughter of the royal vizier nor the thief could have said how long, there was a sound of footsteps. Annabeth and Percy jolted apart and froze. The sound passed by, echoing through the large arch corridor. He peeked out of the little compartment, hidden behind the pedestal of a statue. He turned back to the girl he loved. - - We better go. - - But… - Annabeth knew they had no choice, but she didn't want it to end. They had so little time together. - - What if your dad decided to look in your room? Or what if the guard heard something and checked in here? – There was pain in his eyes. She opened her mouth and closed it, and bit her lip. - - Don't do that. – He said, and gave her one last kiss. It was soft and short, and then he disappeared into the night. Annabeth waited for a while, sitting, with her eyes closed and the ghost of his kiss still on her lips. She got up and headed outside. She gave one last look at the pond, and walked away quickly. At midnight in the moon's bath.