against all kinds of weapons with my own, to learn how each is wielded and used to its full potential, before using it myself. I think a samurai was using that sword when I was training." "But he was wearing a dress." "Still did not see that." Nico turned his attention from the ground to the doors in front of him. "What do you think they are talking about?" "Oh yeah, that's right." Thalia turned around and threw her hand up in frustration. "What the hell, Kelp Head?! Why did you bring me over here, and we can't even hear about it in the first place?" The son of Hades shrugged his shoulders. "Maybe it's a topic so dark, the facts could put us into a state of shock and fear, and if word was to spread, many would do the same and being to panic over something we might not have to?" The daughter of Zeus turned to face her cousin with a weird look. "When did you become a nerd?" "Okay, two things: one, I'm not a nerd, and two, the type of teaching I dislike the most is philosophy. It just drags on and on." "I almost feel sorry for you." "And you call yourself a good person." WHACK. "Dammit, Thalia. Stop hitting me." The demigod and demigoddess stood in uncomfortable silence for several minutes, the only sounds either coming from the work of the folk that lined the pathway to the throne room, or the booms that came from said throne room. "Why would Percy go to Japan?" Nico questioned out loud, breaking their own silence. "How would you know he was there?" Thalia asked him in response. "His friend. If I am to go solely off his sword, I would say Percy and his friend have been in Japan, if not other countries in Asia, for the past decade he has been gone. But he is virtually on the other side of the world from us if he was there. What could Percy possibly be doing so far away from the gods?" "Discovering his inner female. Percy's friend was wearing a dress, while Kelp Head himself was wearing a skirt." "He wasn't wearing a skirt. That was old gladiator clothing, worn by men who fought in the Colosseum. The arm holes did seem a bit big though, too big compared to that on regular armor his size." The sound of creaking drew the attention of the two demigods to the doors to see J opening the way to the council. "You may enter," he told them, and stepped out of the entrance. The two stepped into the surprisingly quite throne room. Upon further inspection, Nico and Thalia could see the sadness of which the Olympians seemed to be carrying. Many of the Olympians wore a look of gloom, their eyes staring into space. Apollo, Hermes, and Demeter seemed to be on the brink of crying, whereas Aphrodite and Hestia already were, the love goddess by her husband and the hearth goddess by the other non-Olympian present. Percy himself stood in the middle of the room, staring solemnly at Iris-message by his side. On it looked to be a news report, while the imagery being covered was a building going up in flames. It made no sound; the imagery was all it gave. Thalia tried reading the text that scrolled across the bottom of the message, but it was in a language she didn't know how to read. Percy swiped his hand through the message, evaporating it before Thalia could learn any more from it. "May I tell them the news, Lord Zeus?" The king of the gods broke out of his trance to look at his nephew. He was confused by what Percy said until he noticed Nico and Thalia standing near the entrance. "You may, nephew," the god responded. "Though I advise you tell them behind closed doors." Percy nodded to his uncle, turned around to see his cousins, and turned right back around after a thought came to mind. "Uncle." Zeus was prepared to call the meeting over and zap on out, yet directed his attention back to his nephew. "There is something I need to ask of you alone. May I come back here in about an hour's time to speak with you again?" The god pondered Percy's words, taking some time to think before nodding. "We may speak again. I expect to see you in an hour." With that, Zeus summoned his master bolt and threw it to the sky, the sound of thunder drawing the attention of the rest of the gods. "The council is dismissed. I give you all two hours to mull over what we have learned and come back here in two hours." Summoning another bolt, the king of the gods threw his icon at his feet, disappearing in a zap. While the rest of the Olympians were leaving in their own ways, Hades, Artemis, and Poseidon were making their way towards the three demigods present in the room. Percy, already knowing what was going to be asked, answered the unvoiced question his uncle and Artemis were to give him. "I will be with them for about 30 minutes. I have other matters I have to attend to after I tell them and before I come back, so they will be returning to you on their own." Hades held no emotion on his face, and though Artemis did not look pleased, the god and goddess nodded to Percy, who bowed to them respectively, before the two deities took their leave. Poseidon stood tall, facing his son. Neither walked up to the other, shared a word, or opened their arms for a hug as Thalia was expecting. Instead, the father and son nodded to one another before the god of the sea evaporated into mist, leaving the three cousins alone in the throne room. Percy turned back to his cousins and smiled lightly. "Now comes the hard part."