the board into organizing everything," she says as austerely as she can manage. There's a glint in her eyes that suggests that she means the exact opposite. Drew half smiles. "It would, wouldn't it?" she asks softly, slowly, and lets Reyna decide if she wants to cross the thin line they've drawn in the sand for themselves. Reyna walks out from behind the punch bowl slowly, eyes hooded, watching Drew like she's trying to make sure she's real (Drew can't blame her; she's fairly certain she's been holding her breath since she saw Reyna) and makes her way into a secluded hallway. Drew follows and as soon as they're both out of line of sight of the others, Reyna sloppily pushes her up against the wall and just stands there, slowly inhaling. Drew can't even do that much. "Reyna," she rasps. "Drew," Reyna echoes, seemingly unaffected. "This isn't a good idea. I-my dad..." She trails off not knowing what to say. Reyna sighs. "I know," she says regretfully. She steps even closer and lets her breath wash over Drew's chin. "But we'll be fine. I mean, we're not doing anything. Just standing." Drew exhales shakily. "Just standing," she repeats. Reyna ducks her head and grins against her collarbone. "That's right." They stay there for another thiry minutes until Drew's dad texts to say he's outside. They slowly step away from each other and then Drew walks out to the parking lot and Reyna finds her bike. They don't talk about it the next day or the next or the next. "I got in," Drew breathes indredulously, laughing a little. "I got in!" Reyna squeezes her shoulder, grinning, and moves to open her own letter with shaking hands. When she does nothing but stare, Drew sighs and snatches the letter out of her hands, reads the first few lines, and then beams. "You got in too!" She laughs even louder and jumps up and down a few times. "We're going to the same college and we'll live together and take all the same classes and-" "Don't get ahead of yourself," Reyna says, not as sternly as intended. "My scholarship could be revoked-" "-and if it did get revoked, which it won't, I'd pay for you in a heartbeat," Drew finishes, taking Reyna's hand. "We're almost there, Rey. You've got to stop worrying." Reyna holds her gaze and nods. "We're going to live together," she says slowly, trying to convince herself this is real as Drew's grin grows even wider, "and we're probably not picking all the same classes-" She lets out a loud shriek as Drew cuts her off with a throw pillow and pins her against the mattress. "Killjoy," Drew says grinning, and then letting out an affronted yell and Reyna hits her in the side of the head with another pillow and runs. Everything falls apart in the second semester of sophmore year. Reyna goes almost catatonic for a week after she finds out her uncle is dead and it's all Drew can do not to pull all of her hair out by the roots as Reyna grieves for a man she ran away from at the tender age of ten. She goes to all of her classes and stares out the window instead of taking notes, while Drew watches worriedly and finishes every essay she's been assigned regardless of when it's due. At the end of the month, Reyna sits Drew down and in the first moment of clarity she's had since she recieved the news, she says, "I have to go back." Drew blinks once, twice, three times as her brain struggles to process Reyna's words. "Go back," she repeats. "Go back to Puerto Rico?" Reyna nods. "He didn't have anyone but Hylla and I. We have to go back to do the funeral and take care of the property." Drew nods too. "Okay. But you...you're coming back right?" "I don't think we can, Dee," Reyna says. Her voice breaks on Drew's name and her stoic expression crumples as tears beginning to form in her eyes. Drew shakes her head vehemently. "You have to come back," she says, now on the verge of falling apart. "You have to." "Oh Drew," Reyna says, and she's crying now, but as quietly as she can so as not to upset Drew. "I can't," she repeats. "No," Drew says, shaking her head again, "You're coming back." There are tears running down both their faces, but she scarcely notices. "I won't do this without you, I'll quit too and come back-" "Drew," Reyna says, taking Drew's hands even as her own hands shake. "You have to keep going. Promise me." Drew avoids her gaze until Reyna leans her forehead against Drew's, forces her to look. "Promise," she says, and Drew, who has always been helpless in the face of her gaze, nods. :: Reyna packs everything into two suitcases a few days later as Drew watches detatchedly. To their credit, they only begin to break after Reyna locks the door to her dorm. "You can't go," Drew says helplessly, holding on to Reyna's shirt as if to physically make her stay. "I won't let you." Reyna only smiles shakily and gently laces their fingers together. "I'm so sorry," she says in response, pressing a kiss to her cheek. The dorm attendant clears her throat awkwardly. Drew chokes back a sob and wraps Reyna in a desperate hug, takes a minute to breathe her in, jasmines and hot chocolate. "I love you, Dee," she says. "Love you too," Drew says, pressing her face into Reyna's shoulder. They stay like that for another minute until the dorm attendant clears her throat again. Reyna pulls away and Drew presses one last kiss to her forehead and then Reyna turns and walks resolutely to the office and Drew collapses against the door, fighting tears. notes: please check out the sequel fic if you haven't already, review please and come yell at me on tumblr ( piperreynas).