wherever he was going. "Jason!" He huffed. "Calm down." This almost felt normal. On the skywalk, I saw the students scattered about in groups. Even Piper was stuck with Dylan and him giving that blinding white smile with her trying her best to push him away. She sent us a look like, save me , but Jason pulled us along with a determined step, motioning for her to hold on, I sent her the same look. I shrugged off his hand, sending him a look, but following him. We were heading to Coach Hedge, which seemed like the best bet, he seemed to know something we don't with how he was glaring at us and I don't remember him at all to warrant that. The Coach asked when we reached him. "Did you do this?" I blinked in surprise, like a couple of kids could cause this insane storm above head. "Of course not!" Jason sounded lost. "Do what?" Hedge glared, somehow glaring at the both of us. "Don't play games with me, you two. What are you both doing here, and why are you messing up my job?" I had a feeling he wasn't talking about his coaching. Jason asked. "You mean you don't know me? I'm not one of your students?" I asked Hedge. "So, you never seen either of us ever before?" Hedge snorted. "Never seen you before today." Though when Hedge was looking at me, he was sending a weird look, like he couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was a relief though, it proved wherever me and Jason were from, we weren't crazy and major amnesiacs. Jason told him. "Listen, sir, I don't know how I got here. I just woke up on a school bus. All I know is I'm not supposed to be here." I nodded in agreement, what he was saying sounded right. "Exactly, I don't remember what I was doing before this and I certainly don't know anyone or where we are." Hedge said, dropped his voice. "You got a powerful way with the Mist, kids, if you can make all these people think they know you; but you can't fool me. I've been smelling monster for days now. I knew we had an infiltrator, but you don't smell like a monster. You smell like half-bloods. So—who are you, and where'd you come from?" I was lost at what he was saying. Mist, Half-bloods, monster. It felt like I should remember what he was saying, but couldn't recover it. Jason replied after a moment. "I don't know who I am. I don't have any memories. You've got to help me." I nodded. "Like I said before, I don't remember anything." Well, I don't count a small 10 second memory of Jason as getting my memory back anyway. Hedge looked over both of us carefully. "Great, you're both being truthful." I sent him an exasperated look, but didn't say anything. Jason exclaimed. "Of course I am! And what was all that about monsters and half-bloods? Are those code words or something?" Hedge said. "Look you two, I don't know who you are. I just know what you are, and it means trouble. Now I got to protect four of you rather than two. Are you both the special package? Is that it?" I frowned at him. "Special package? What?" Jason asked him. "What are you talking about?" Hedge looked over at the storm. I followed his look and couldn't but feel nervousness as I looked at it. I felt like I was in a bad place right now. I shifted my feet. Hedge said. "This morning, I got a message from camp. They said an extraction team is on the way. They're coming to pick up a special package, but they wouldn't give me details. I thought to myself, fine. The two I'm watching are pretty powerful, older than most. I know they're being stalked. I can smell a monster in the group. I figure that's why the camp is suddenly frantic to pick them up. But then you both pop up out of nowhere. So, are you the special package?" The same from before kept on pounding in my head, monster and camp. That word I felt was important, but I couldn't grab it, it was very frustrating. Jason stumbled, but I managed to straighten and stand firmly on my feet. Hedge caught Jason easily and I was surprised that he did for such a small guy. He was a couple of inches shorter than me. "Whoa, there, cupcake. You say you got no memories, huh? Fine. I'll just have to watch you, too, until the team gets here. We'll let the director figure things out." I asked, confused. "Director? what director?" Jason asked. "What camp?" Hedge replied. "Just sit tight. Reinforcements should be here soon. Hopefully nothing happens before-" I almost jumped as lightning flashed overhead. The wind was whipping my clothes around me and harshly slapped me in the face. I ducked my head a little. Worksheets and other things flew around. I felt the bridge shutter under my feet, which didn't make me feel any better. Kids were grabbing the rails for support. I sent Hedge a glare of disbelief. Hedge grumbled. "I had to say something." He yelled into his megaphone. "Everyone inside! The cows says moo! Off the skywalk!" I was so freaked out, I couldn't even laugh at his malfunctioning piece of equipment. Jason shouted loudly, trying to be heard over the wind. "I thought you said this thing was stable." I tried to balance myself so I didn't fall. "This is the opposite of stable!" Hedge shouted too, agreeing with us. "Under normal circumstances, which these aren't. Come on!" I know this was a little boring and I really shouldn't be starting a new story, but oh well. It should get better and different as the story goes on. This will most likely be the last thing I post for a little bit.