see if they are truly as beautiful as people say. If and only if you manage to please me, I would, for the first time in my immortal life, grant you the permission to revive your lover." Percy, getting his cue, started playing, and it was the most beautiful music ever created in all of god-hood and humanity. The music was loud, that satyrs from Olympus bended to hear it better, and humans on the earth felt the vibrations step up their homes. All famous musicians stopped whatever they were doing to intently hear the entrancing piece of art. People in the streets became merry and jovial, yet somehow melancholy, for that was what the music symbolized. Percy pour all his heart into his fingers, which were cut and scraped and bleeding yet he poured all his anguish, hope, happiness and sadness into the work. It was the longest piece he had ever composed, as well as beautiful. Hades was happy. He had never heard such fantastic, enticing music ever. And he was not a god to be pleased easily. He granted Percy the permission to take Nico home. "Take him home, nephew. Nico's ghost will follow you through your path, silent as shadow. No monster will either aid or obstruct your road, but one thing I must warn you of, don't look back. You must have patience. If you do, however, look back, Nico will be carried back to Elysium," Had been his precise words. And so Percy had departed, an uneasy feeling in his chest that longed for him to turn and see for once if Nico was really following him. Hades wasn't known for his honesty. What if this was a trick? However, he had to keep up the courage and determination. Finally, after a nerve-wracking, dead silent day of walking they reached the entrance, where sunlight was visible, when Percy finally had the urge to just check. Once. It would be enough. Percy turned, but the liver of second seemed to slow down as Nico's ethereal face swam into view and then he was sucked off into ether. "Wait," Percy was breathless, his heart shattering into a million pieces. Not this close! "Wait! You- I- I completed it! It was just a glance! Please give me another chance." And tears popped up on the corners of his eyes anew. Hades appeared, giving him a small, sad smile and telling him that no mortal soul could enter the underworld twice, not even if Hades wanted to. xXx Percy henceforth led a soulless life, his fingers splaying across the instrument. He was as beautiful as always, but not on the inside. he had withered up to a sad existence. Only his music was the symbol of his heart still beating and life still in his blood, which had now taken a darker turn. All he could create was of sadness, melancholy and anguish. He would compose long, slow strings of music that made people cry, or beat their chests about the unfairness of the world. It was beautiful, the grief of separated love. Perseus was sitting on a stone, unaware of Poseidon watching him sadly from the sea, unaware of Apollo crying on the shoulder of the sea god, for he was the god of Prophecy and he knew what was going to happen. And oh, did they both love Percy so much, and it tore and clawed at their hearts to see him so desolate, anguished, but know that they could do nothing for him. Poseidon's blood in his veins that he never knew the true extent of, never knew what power he held over the sea. And Apollo's unconditional, eternal love that burned for him as fervently as the sun, for the god had raised him like one of his own. And letting go had never been easy. They both knew that Percy deserved better, and that he'd get better, but as they watched the musician finish his last song with a note that made them both teary-eyed, they turned away. After all, they were immortals and Percy was not, and no matter how great he had been Percy would never be because he wasn't a son of Zeus. Apollo and Poseidon took one last look at the son they would never truly move on from, and then disappeared without a word. Meanwhile, oblivious, Percy sighed heavily. In the distance a ballad of women were shrieking, who had too much wine and were now doing acts unconsciously. The mob was angry, angry on Percy who had not loved a woman. They were vengeful, wanting to keep the boy with the beautiful voice for themselves as they rushed to the boy, tearing him apart in their desperate selfish needs. Percy had accepted his fate a long time ago. xXx Apollo still looked up to the golden lyre in the sky, and his face shined with happy tears. his son was happy, and that was all a father ever wanted, ever ambitioned. And he hadn't failed. xXx However, as Percy walked into the isles of the blessed, for that was what awaited him, he saw the shining face of his lover. Nico smiled breathlessly, and they both embraced for it had been a long time since they had done so. Percy then, after much days of sadness, smiled and kissed his lover. And they spent their eternity together as they had planned, Percy playing the tunes while Nico gave him all the love they both deserved. Happy till the end of time itself. Death had never separated them. It had only brought them closer. So close that all the gods would have sworn that since that day forwards, they were both infinite. Cross Posted from AO3 3 I go by the same username on Tumblr, AO3, DeviantART, and practically everywhere else on the internet. Visit me :D also, I am more active on AO3. it has more of my fics. so... well, go there. You'll be more up-to-date.