yesterday. With your friend." "Am I forbidden to leave school with her?" She raised her eyebrows. She wasn't doing the acid responses thing on purpose; she just really couldn't help it. "Not what I meant." He said, once again at a loss of words. "I meant I saw you. Like… I saw you crying." She sighed. "Can we not do this today? I feel like shit and I just want to be alone." "I don't think I've ever seen you cry, Annabeth. I just wanna know what happened that made you cry so suddenly, at school of all places." She could practically laugh at his stupidity. "Really? You need to come here and ask me?" "What are you talking about?" He asked defensively, and she could almost see his desire to take a step back. "I'm talking about the fact that any idiot in that school would know what happened, but you are way too stupid and dense to even consider the possibility." "What-" He still didn't get it, and that set her off to a speech. "I thought… Things had been so different since Thalia's wedding. I could practically feel it. I was so sure you felt the same, and you can't even… I didn't even know you knew Calypso and then when I think things are going right and maybe I'll get a chance and maybe, just maybe you'll do something, you go and prove me wrong. You just simply start dating someone else . I don't even know how you don't see it. I mean, no, that's a lie. Because you see it, you have to, there's no way you don't. I guess the mere thought is so incredibly disgusting to you that you prefer to not acknowledge it, I mean, why would you ever think of dating a girl a like me." She half snorted half sighed and gave a shallow laugh. "I'm pathetic." His eyes were wide as plates and she felt tears forming in her eyes once again. She would not cry , she most definitely was not going to cry in front of him . Again . "You-" He stuttered moving his hands and then stopped again, eyes still wide and mouth agape. "I have once again fallen in love with a stupid boy that isn't in love with me. Don't look so surprised there, I finally understood that that's my thing. When the time comes I'll probably put it in my resume." "But why… I don't understand. You like me?" He inquired completely shocked. "I thought that was already established, Percy." She leaned against her door, too tired to hold herself and the tears at the same time. "But why?" he inquired once again, looking confused. "You like guys like Jake and Luke and Brian. Not guys like me." "If that's the case, I wish I'd gotten the memo earlier." They stood there in silence for quite some time until he recovered and took three steps further, getting close to her. Not close enough for a hug, but less than an arm's length. "You were crying because of me?" He asked silently, his voice small. "Once again, isn't it established?" He looked guilty. And sad. And remorseful. And a lot of other expressions that just didn't suit him. He was a smiling guy, not a frowning one. "I'm sorry." He whispered at last. He sounded so sincere that her heart pounded and felt heavy in her chest. "You don't need to apologize. We don't get to choose who we fall in love with." "No," he shook his head. "I mean… what you saw yesterday… that was just…" he took a deep breath to try to recompose himself. "A couple of weeks before you invited to the wedding she asked me to the movies, and I was so appalled that I said yes. But I just… I didn't want to go, so I just kept on delaying it, and then the wedding came and… and you were right, things did change, and I forgot about her completely, so yesterday when she asked if I was free and the movies were up I barely had the time to open my mouth and say that I couldn't when she just grabbed my hand and pulled out of the school. I had just told her that I was sorry and that I couldn't and I was about to kiss her cheek when she simply went all movie-like on me and turned her face! I never meant to kiss her. For real." "You went for her cheek and she turned her face? Really? That's the best you can do?" She was breathless from the almost confession he made, but in her state it all seemed hard to buy. "Annabeth, I mean it. And now it actually makes sense that she apologized after we saw you running away. I should've linked it." "Ok, so you didn't want to kiss her." "No." he replied simply, taking yet another step closer. "And you're telling me this because…" He opened his mouth to answer, but settled for kissing her instead. It wasn't a long kiss. Annabeth, embarrassed even though she shouldn't be, could feel the weight of never having kissed before heavy in her shoulders. Percy didn't seem to care though, as he cupped her face with his hand and rested the other on her waist. As short as it was, though, it left them both breathless. "Oh." Was all she could say when they pulled apart. "I'm in love with you, Annabeth." He breathed out, foreheads touching. "I have since that movie night we had, I just didn't know how to tell you." She half laughed and half sobbed and he kissed her again, more deeply this time. That night, Percy texted her asking if she would be crying herself to sleep. She laughed and answered "not anymore". Very proudly, she did not cry herself to sleep that night. Instead, she once again had to fight a grin. Proudly .