father hired someone to build her a treehouse. Reyna doesn't really know why- Piper's actual house is so large that even her father hasn't been inside all the rooms. If she wanted to, she could hide in her house for years and not be noticed. Piper thinks it's ridiculous too. ("What is this?" Reyna asks the first time she sees it. "A treehouse." Reayn tilts her head, and looks up at the treehouse. From this angle it looks like nothing more than a discombobulated mass of brightly painted wood. "But this is a room." "It's a figure of speech, Rey," Piper says amusedly. "If this a house," Reyna starts again, wrinkling her nose, "what is your actual house for?" Piper laughs. "I have no clue.") The night before school starts, Piper hauls a stack of blankets and popcorn up into the small room through some small, inhuman burst of strength as Reyna watches from below. "You need any help?" Reyna asks, knowing full well she'll say no. Piper stops halfway up to contemplate her situation. "No!" she calls back down, sounding like she completely regrets her answer. "I can do it!" Reyna shakes her head smiling. "Yeah you can!" she calls, climbing up behind her and laughing as Piper drops her load as soon as she gets to the top of the ladder and then proceeds to collapse exaggeratedly onto the floor of the treehouse. "What are we doing up her exactly?" Reyna asks, watching as Piper winces and then gets to work, spreading blankets across the too-small space. "Stargazing!" Piper chirps brightly, "We could've done that just as easily on the ground," Reyna counters skeptically. "Killjoy," Piper sing-songs, flopping down into her comforter cocoon and pulling Reyna down with her. Reyna turns her head, watches the moonlight dance across Piper's face, her long lashes and smiling lips. She scoots closer, grinning into Piper's neck. Piper begins to laugh for no reason and Reyna joins in too, half delirious with the thrill of staying up so late. Piper opens her eyes and turns to look at her, and Reyna watches the stars in her eyes. "What?" "You were right," Reyna says softly. "This is much better than the floor." Piper grins. "Told you so," she replies sleepily, wrapping an arm around Reyna and sighing contentedly into her hair. Reyna sighs too, wishing she could be as satisfied with this, with them , as Piper is. NOW: "This isn't going to work," Piper whispers from her spot on the floor, watching as Reyna systematically dismantles every bit of evidence of her presence in her childhood bedroom and packs it into boxes. Reyna, observant as ever, quirks an eyebrow at her from the chair she's standing on. "Did you say something?" The question is rhetorical. Reyna knows Piper said something. Piper looks around the space, covered in dust and parts and boxes and tape, and considers denying everything. She says, "This isn't going to work." She says, "Long-distance is stupid." She says, "This sucks." Reyna doesn't answer. Piper flings a piece of cardboard at the wall. Reyna gets off the chair and sits down next to Piper. "Where is this coming from?" Piper picks at a scab on her left hand, lets her hand drift to her braid. It's a fishtail today, she notices offhandedly. "Piper?" "You're sitting on a roll of tape." " Piper, " Reyna repeats. "Talk to me." "I am," Piper says, anticipating a shout, a yell, something, and instead all she hears is Reyna getting up and walking into the kitchen. Piper follows. "What are you doing?" "Getting coffee," Reyna answers coldly. "You don't even like coffee." "Well what else am I supposed to do? Just sit there and listen to you tell me that it's all going to fall apart?" Reyna snaps. "What do you want me to say?" Piper starts, angrily. "Everything will be fine even though statistics say otherwise and I'll be totally okay with seeing you every other month because I definitely don't have feelings for you-" Reyna nearly drops the mug she's holding as Piper turns on her heel stalks back into Reyna's room, grabbing her bag with shaking hands. Reyna follows. When Piper turns around again, Reyna has locked the door and is baring her way, opening and closing her mouth like a fish. Piper sighs. "I don't have time for this, Rey, I have work tomorrow-" "Why didn't you ever tell me?" Reyna asks quietly. Piper laughs a little hysterically. "And tell you what? I'm a freak who likes girls-" "I thought I was going insane," Reyna says anguishedly, walking to Piper and stopping just shy of her, awkwardly. "You made me think I was insane-" "-I fell in love with my best friend because I'm an idiot-" Piper continues and then she can't say anything more because somehow in the middle of all this Reyna's worked up the courage to kiss her. Reyna pulls away a few seconds later leaving them both panting. Piper stares, unwilling to say anything and somehow mess it all up. "We're not freaks," Reyna says calmly, having caught her breath a few seconds later. "We're normal, and we're going to be fine." Piper lets out a breath slowly, watching as Reyna smiles brighter than she has in years, and she lets herself believe it. "We're normal," she agrees, leaning in again with a grin. "Everything's going to be fine," she whispers against Reyna's lips like she's telling a secret. ; ; ; ; notes: first and foremost, i am not lesbian, nor am i puerto-rican so if I wrote something that was offensive to either party, please do not hesitate to let me know. second, there are several inaccuracies in this fic, mainly because i'm not out of high school and therefore i do not know how college applications work nor do i know what happens to immigrants who come across the border but it is what it is. as always, reviews/comments are greatly appreciated!