him. Well, if Jason did, he won't be able to voice it anyway. Finally frustrated beyond exhaustion, he went to just sleep beside Jason (which he did quite often since the guy found ways to worm into Nico's bed anyway) and tried to sleep. Even then he found that he could not, rolling over and over into different positions until his back hurt. He was too restless and active to actually sleep. He settled for reading his diary again until he felt drowsy enough to sleep. His head hurt slightly, but he ignored it. He picked up the diary, skimming over his childish idiosyncrasies and his memories. He could vividly picture himself writing these. He was proud at how detailed he had been back then, but his punctuation and word usage were just awful. He read the passage where he'd written his moving. He was barely 14 when Hades di Angelo had given up on taking care of him. his father was a nice and handsome father until Nico's mother and sister died mysteriously. After that, Hades had buried himself in work to distract himself from the accident. Their bodies hadn't been found. Nico was bitter too, but he could take care of himself. He still remembered when his father came to him on his 14th birthday, his brow sweating and his eyes a little crazed "Nico, you- you cannot stay in Florence. You can't. You-Your mother and sis-…. I'm sending you to America, okay? They'll be coming for you next... you'll stay safer in USA," Nico blinked as his father shook him slightly. "I'll… I've made the arrangements. You'll be rooming in New York with Jason Grace and your half-sister, Hazel Levesque. Pack your bags, quick! Your flight will be leaving in three hours," Nico had never been so flabbergasted his whole life. The next three hours were a jumble. Nico did not know that he had a half-sister just a year younger than him, let alone knowing when his father had gone and bought a freaking luxurious bungalow for them. He packed his bags, stuffing them up to the neck, and suddenly he was at the airport terminal. His father, who was now calm, told him about his two flight stops and details of where his home was. Then he hugged Nico, not too briefly, and they parted. Nico'd been very dazed, but it all turned out for the good. Now Nico was actually happy. He'd moved on from his mother's and sister's death, accepted it with the help of his friends, and started to lead a happier life. He talked to his father for two hours every week, who listened with very real interest about his daily life and love and little escapades. He was the best father Nico could have. He had more friends now than he ever did back in Florence, and he was grateful for that. There was Will, Jason, Hazel, Reyna, Leo, Frank, and the best part was that they all formed a close knit group that treated each other like family. They were family. Smiling, he closed his eyes at the memory. He put the book beside his pillow, gratefully slinking into a dreamless sleep. Or not so dreamless sleep, Nico thought the next day. He'd woken up early to finish his Latin essay and was totally in a stew. He couldn't shake his nightmare away. He'd dreamt of his mother and sister, which terrified him down to his bones. It wasn't really a nightmare, because all his mother and sister did was smile and wave at him sitting at the base of a maple tree, but it was enough to send chills down his spine. Why did he dream of his mother and sister now? As far as he remembered, he hadn't seen them in his sleep for two years now. Five years from the incident, if he cared enough to remember. Jason was trying to rush his History homework too, having not done it the other day like Nico and Hazel had, while the girl was still out like a light. Nico wondered for a moment If he should tell Jason about his nightmares, but then decided against it. Jason already had a lot on his mind. And even if he didn't, this was something that Nico felt like he should keep to himself about. "I am dying," Jason complained "I cannot do this anymore. You're invited at my funeral." Nico scrunched up his brows in annoyance. Though he wasn't' properly annoyed, he found Jason a little more irritating than endearing at that moment. "Please die quietly. I'm trying to write," "Well, so am I." "All your fault," Nico said, quirking an eyebrow at Jason, who groaned again. "Well, you know what? Fuck this," He stood up, piling all of his work into the table untidily beside Nico's books. A book fell down to the flood with a dull thud against the carpet, and two sheets of paper floated down next to it. Nico found this disrespect for books offensive, but he didn't want to be overdramatic about it. "Lazy ass." "I prefer indolence. It makes my laziness seem classy," Jason smirked, and Nico laughed. "Oh, I didn't know you had words longer than five letters in your vocab." "I am very much capable of vocabulary, thank you very much," Jason mocked being hurt, and Nico rolled his eyes. "I'm going out for some Starbucks before school, kay?" "Count me in, I'm tired of Latin anyway, and I need a good dose of depresso," Nico got up, stretching his bones, and trying his best to tidy his mess of curls. Jason yawned, putting on a blue shirt and walking out of the door. Nico followed him. At least today the weather was pretty clear, which meant he could actually go out without feeling stuffy or suffocated. He grabbed his aviator jacket over his t-shirt and put it on, running a hand through his hair to smooth out any stray locks.