seat next to her. "You don't have to explain. I know the feeling. Relentless paparazzi or reporter who wouldn't take 'no comment' for an answer?" Reyna sighs and takes a swig. " Both ." Drew winces. "Yikes." Reyna hums again, and then she snuggles into Drew on the couch and nuzzles her fucking neck and Drew is, like, 90% sure she's not breathing right now. Reyna never really made a point of avoiding touch, but this is different. Drew's not particularly sure if this is the reuslt of the tequila or her very bad day or a severe lapse of judgements, but she's not going to complain if it means she gets to smell Reyna's hair and hold her hand. "Can I stay here tonight?" Drew chuckles. "We haven't even been on a date yet, Rey. Don't you think we're moving a little too fast?" Reyna lifts her head. "You don't want me to?" "I do. But I'm not sure you want the paparazzi to-" "The paparazzi won't say a thing. We could make out on a busy street on New Year's Eve, and the news outlets would still think we were being friendly. I want to stay here. It'll be like our old sleepovers." Drew nods once. "Well if you're sure." Reyna nods too and makes a valiant effort to stand up. "I am sure." She wakes up the next morning in bed, nose-to-nose with Reyna, and thinks well fuck. TMZ ( TMZ ) 15 Dec. 2017 Reyna Ramirez seen coming out of Drew Tanaka's house at 3 AM. Find out what was really going on here . Reyna walks in to her apartment an hour after her new album drops. "I was just thinking," she announces, dropping her wallet on the counter, sitting on the couch and propping her feet up on the coffee table like she lives there. "Well," Drew calls back from the bedroom, hurriedly putting a t-shirt on and rushing into the living room, "that is a function of the human brain-" Reyna throws a pillow at her. "I was thinking about how lucky we are. To have made it." Drew shrugs. "Piper, Lacy, Val and I haven't exactly made it yet." Reyna scowls. "You know as well as I do that success is subjective," she says raising her chin. "Besides, you're not so desperate for a job that you have to quit. You're getting there. We both are." Drew smiles a little, comes to sit down on the couch too and leans over so her head in on Reyna's shoulder. "We made it." Reyna hums. "Your shirt's on backwards." The day before the premiere of 'Demigods', Reyna walks in with Jason, Hazel, and Frank to a suspiciously dark, silent apartment. She barely has enough time to pull a broom out of her closet before the lights suddenly turn on and she hears about fifty voices yell "SURPRISE! "and nearly runs Jason over. "Jesus fucking-" "Don't fucking swear," Hazel says sternly. "Right sorry," Reyna says. "What the f-" she risks a glance at Hazel "-hell are you doing here?" Drew steps forward and drops three very large balloons in front of her feet. "I thought the 'Surprise!' bit would make it obvious enough. It's a surprise party. For the release tomorrow. Surprise," she repeats again. Jason starts to say something but Reyna cuts him off. "And who planned the whole thing?" It's a rhetorical question- Reyna has a pretty good idea already, and Drew knows this...but no one else does. Drew shifts around. "Is this really necessary?" Piper comes up next to her pulling streamers from her hair. "Why are you so reluctant to take credit for once? Drew planned all of this." Reyna gives Drew a shit-eating grin. "You total dork." Drew makes a face at her and stalks away imperiously to go turn on the rest of the lights. "I'm gonna-" "Yeah," Piper says giving her a knowing look. She finds Drew in her bedroom. "Dee?" "It looks the exact same as it used too," she says a little absently, running her hands over the dresser. "We're halfway across the city, Dee." Drew waves a dismissive hand. "Nevertheless." "I...is there something wrong? You've been acting weird this whole week." Drew stills and the smiles down at the doll next to the mirror. "I guess you could call it girl trouble." Reyna exhales shakily. "Oh?" Drew hums in response. "See there's this actress," she begins and Reyna almost chokes on her next breath. "And I'm really into her, but she doesn't seem to be interested." Reyna steps closer. "Have you asked her how she feels?" "No," Drew says. Her voice trembles. Reyna leans in. "You probably should, you know." "Should what?" Drew asks. Reyna's so close now she can see Drew's pupils dilate. "As-" Drew kisses her, and Reyna finds she doesn't really mind she's been interrupted. [image] jasongraceless : look at these two saps. i should be reimbursed for this picture. load more comments faizhang : it's about time. annababe-chase : persassy WHAT THE HELL persassy : annababe-chase DOES THIS MEAN WHAT I THINK IT DOES? actual_demigod : persassy annababe-chase #dreynaconfirmed Drew Tanaka ( dtanaka ) 10 Feb. 2018 congrats to reallyreyna , faizhang , hazell , and jasongraceless on a spectacular series premiere! Reyna Ramirez-Arellano ( reallyreyna ) 10 Feb. 2018 dtanaka love you too nerd notes: i wrote this one in two days so there's bound to be a few editing mistakes. i've had this idea sitting around in my drafts for weeks and i'm so glad school's finally over so i can finish this shit i had to read a couple tabloids to write this one and let me just say :/. prequel coming soon! referenced works: "rumour has it" and "all the world's a stage (all the men and women merely players)" both by mzanthropist on ao3, and "the feel-good hit of the summer" by disco_vendetta, also on ao3 find me on tumblr at piperreynas (fic/pjo/wlw blog), acehazels (main).