a sweeping gesture in the general direction of the kitchen. "If we're gonna talk about this at all," she calls over her shoulder, walking towards the fridge, "we're doing it over cheap wine and mac n' cheese." Leo whoops, pumping his fist in the air for whatever reason, and Jason gives them a mushy, fond look that Percy hopes he never has to see again and does something with his hands. Percy shrugs. "Fair enough." Annabeth just shakes her head. "You're about to walk into a door, Jason," she sighs, wincing as he walks into said door despite her warning. "You sure you're alright?" Leo starts after they've all finished, his eyes flitting over Annabeth's leaner than usual frame with all the scrutiny of an engineer. She nods exaggeratedly, attempting to smile. She's been glancing around shiftily since they got here, like she knows they're going to have leave and it's getting to Percy- he's never seen her like this, fidgeting like a caged animal. Jason frowns, opening his mouth to protest before he sees Percy's glare and decides that probably wouldn't be such a good idea. He settles for, "When did he find you?" Jason doesn't mention a name but she knows who he's asking about regardless- they can all feel Kronos' presence like a dark cloud, and itch that they're going to have to scratch sooner or later. Annabeth runs a hand down her messy braid. "A week ago," she answers uneasily, looking warily at the night sky through the window as if she expects him to break down the door, guns blazing. Piper frowns as she sees Annabeth hunch over, subconciously making herself as small as possible. "Let's get you into the bathroom," Piper says gently. "I'm fine," Annabeth insists, "I really don't know why-" "For God's sake, Annabeth, I can see your stitches. Come on," Piper says exasperatedly, pulling Annabeth out of her chair gently and herding her into the bathroom. Percy grins. "So," he prompts, looking between Jason and Leo. "What?" Leo snaps, frowning. "The three of you. When did that become a thing?" he asks, running his fork along the inside of the bowl. "I...have no clue what you're talking about," Jason says, giving Leo a wide eyed look. Percy rolls his eyes. "Cut the crap." Jason and Leo look at each other. "You're not...you're okay with this?" Leo asks tentatively. His hands aren't moving at all and the paper clips he's been playing with since Percy and Annabeth got to the safe house have fallen to the floor. Percy tilts his head. "Why wouldn't I be?" he asks. "You'll be like you usually are, except, you know, with kissing and hugging and...other relationship stuff," he finishes, cringing and running a hand through his hair. "Right," Jason says, blinking once, twice in disbelief, and then staring into space. Leo elbows him in the side with an impish grin. Jason jolts out of his reverie, then directs a poorly concealed grin at Leo. Percy snorts. "Have you told anyone else yet?" "We told Sally," Piper says, walking over to perch on the table. He glances over at Annabeth, who looks much better than she did when he found her then blinks. "Wait you told my mom before I did?" Percy asks becoming confused then indignant in short order. "To be fair, you're not very good at tact, Percy," Annabeth offers with a small smile. "I guess..." he says, trying to determine the cause of her sudden mood swing. "That, and Sally did a pretty good job helping you deal with your bi awakening. And then Annabeth's right after." Leo says standing up and bending over to pick up his paper clips. Percy's like, ninety percent sure both Jason and Piper are checking out his ass. The next morning Percy's wake up call is an elbow to the stomach. He immediately sits up and lands a left hook and a jab, effectively shoving his assailant off his bed before he turns on the light to see- "Jason?" "Hey buddy!" Jason wheezes. He rubs his eyes and groans, glancing at the clock. "Its four in the morning Jason. What the fuck are you doing?" He hears something crash on the other side of the wall seperating him from Annabeth. "We gotta go." Percy takes a good look at him then groans. "They found us didn't they. "They didn't but it was close. Come on- up." Percy glares. "He's got spies everywhere. Why would it be any different anywhere else?" "We don't have time for you to argue with me, Percy. Are you coming or not?" Jason sighs. Percy closes his eyes. "Fine," he says scowling petulantly. He packs his stuff, walks out of his room and finds Annabeth on the other side, frowning and clutching a cup of coffee so tightly that her knuckles are white. "Annabeth?" She jumps. Some of her coffee spills over the side of her mug. "When did you have time to make coffee?" "I didn't make the coffee," she grumbles. "Piper did." She takes a sip and winces. "It's cold and sweet and decaf so it's not helping at all ." She glares at the mug like it's somehow personally offended her, then huffs, stalking into the kitchen grumbling something about ungodly hours of the morning . Percy follows to make sure she doesn't do something impulsive like smash all the coffee mugs. She pours the coffee into the sink. He lets out a sigh of relief. When she pours all of Piper's imported decaf coffee into the sink too and turns on the garbage disposal for dramatic flair he groans, letting his head hit the wall. Too soon. (Piper doesn't realize until after she's packed her bags in the trunk of the minivan that her coffee is missing, thank the gods. The shootout that occurs half an hour after they hit the road probably helps her forget too.) notes: second chapter coming soon +come say hi on tumblr (my url: piperreynas)