his director friend's movie. So off Mal went, taking my father with her, and leaving my mother and me behind. My sister had been "discovered" in the middle of the school year, and my parents had decided that it was best for me to finish my seventh grade year and then the whole family would be reunited in Los Angeles. I guess my dad fell for another woman not long after that, though, because we didn't end up moving to Los Angeles. My father opened the back door to a huge, black suburban for me. I slipped into it, took a seat on the leather and watched as he went around to the back and stuck my suitcase in. Soon after my sister moved to Los Angeles, she became a hit. She started out in a couple of commercials, and then she began to act in movies and minor TV shows. My hometown blew up with excitement; everybody claimed they were Mal's best friend, and she was suddenly their claim to fame. As she climbed the ladder to success, I grew to be angry at her. I guess I blamed her for my parent's separation. In my head, I knew that if my father had not moved to Los Angeles for Mal, he would have never met that woman, and my parents would never have divorced or been forced to separate. If Mal hadn't been selfish and insisted that my parents make this work for her, my family would still be whole. I didn't say anything the entire ride to my father's house. We passed giant houses, tons of palm trees, and several taxis. I watched through the window as the traffic grew heavy, and I wondered if Percy was in any of those vehicles. When Mal got famous enough to star in her own movie, I never saw it. I avoided watching anything with Mal in it, and I always made it a point to ignore the magazines with her face on them in the check out lines at stores, wanting really hard not to be involved with her. I never read the tabloids, and I never kept up with her. My mom would call her every other day, but they were short, clipped conversations, and I only ever heard one side of them. At first I called Mal, too, and we talked. Then, we kind of… stopped. I hadn't talked to her in forever, and since she never came home for birthdays or holidays, I never saw her, either. My mom would send her presents and very occasionally go visit, but I never went. I always refused, and never wanted anything to do with her. Call me crazy, but I wanted to forget the sister that forgot me. Because it was true. She had forgotten me, too. She never tried to contact me, either. It was a two way street, and there were no cars traveling on either side. We never spoke to each other. Finally my father pulled his suburban into the driveway of a humungous house. I tried my best to keep my eyes from bulging out of my head. The place was huge . My father had to put in a code just for the entrance gates to open. The driveway was curling and long, made of giant stones and beautiful mixed rocks. Giant trees were scattered around the equally giant front yard. A gorgeous home built of white brick sat at the end of the winding driveway. The windows were endless, and I didn't think I had enough time to count all of them. When we finally pulled up into the garage, I noticed at least six vehicles. As I opened my door and unbuckled my seatbelt, I stared at the black mustang we had parked beside. On the other side of the mustang was a big, black Hummer. Down the row of vehicles were cars I couldn't think of a brand name for, but looked expensive. My father took my luggage out of the back and smiled at me wearily. "So this is home," He said, waving his arm awkwardly around the garage. "If you ever need to borrow a vehicle, just ask… the Hummer belongs to Matthew and the Mustang is Bobby's." I nodded and followed him to the garage door that lead into the house. As soon as he opened the door, I noticed everything was white. The garage door opened to the kitchen, which had white cabinets, stone and marble floors, grey countertops, and a stunning stainless steel oven top and fridge. I tried my hardest not to gape. Is this where I would call home? This giant home that clearly suited a famous celebrity, or maybe even the president? I had never even set foot in a place this nice before. And just when I was begging my mouth not to keep gaping open in its embarrassing fashion, I turned around and noticed my sister sitting at the bar. Her beautiful blonde hair was piled high on top of her head in a messy bun, she wore glasses, and she rocked a sweatshirt with a small hole near the collar. When we made eye contact, she tilted her head to the side and looked at me questioningly. "So you really do have the same eyes as me, huh?" Was all she said. I swallowed the lump in my throat and nodded awkwardly. This was going to be a big change. So I've decided to go ahead and start re-writing and revising this because I've had so many requests for it to be added back to Fanfiction... so tada! Here you go, guys. I need to know what y'all think of it, though! I am going to do my very best to keep this up and to keep adding to it. For now, though, this is all I have until I get more time to add more. Please stick with me! What did y'all think of Percy? Review, Review, Review!