asleep. The next day, Luke goes home with a black eye, touching his nose as he runs to his truck, and Percy meets her after seventh period with bruised knuckles. She waves to Thalia before turning to him and raising an eyebrow. He grins. "Just so you know, I had nothing to do with it." "With what?" she asks, tilting her head. "You tell me," he says, raising an eyebrow back at her. She laughs. "Did he bleed?" she asks. He taps a finger against his chin exaggeratedly, as if he's thinking. "I definitely broke a bone or two." " Two bones?" she says playing along. "Think I heard him cry for Mommy," he says, linking their pinkies like he used to when they were younger, and swinging their arms back and forth. "Well. I know you definitely didn't do it. But thanks anyway." He hums noncommittally, pressing a kiss into her hair and using their linked hands to tug her closer. "Anytime, Anna." She doesn't have the heart to tell him not to call her that. ; ; Sally and Paul get married in the summer. Annabeth is Percy's date to the wedding and she doesn't feel bad at all, when she tugs Percy to the dance floor and thinks that this could be Luke instead. Thalia comes too, and she and Percy get acquainted by pulling pranks on Percy's step-cousins. Sally absolutely insists that they slow dance together. They protest that they're not even together, but Sally isn't having any of it. The DJ puts on a Whitney Houston song, and Annabeth turns to Percy with an overdone sigh. "Well, it will be absolutely terrible dancing with you." "Terrible," he repeats, solemnly. "Horrific, even." "But I think we should get it over with." He sighs, placing a hand against his forehead. "If we must." She rolls her eyes and pulls him behind her. It's a little awkward, but they figure it out. They don't dance, really. It's basically glorified swaying-while-hugging, but it feels…intimate. Like she's closer to him now, emotionally. She stares up at his face, as his eyes sparkle and shift as the light hits them, and she wonders how she didn't notice how handsome he had grown over the years. ; ; If she had been able to tear her eyes away from his, she would've seen Paul and Sally and Thalia staring at them, conspiratorially. ("Twenty bucks says they get together in the middle of senior year," Sally says. "Thirty says they get together around graduation," Thalia challenges. Paul munches on the cookie his new wife hands him distractedly, before countering, "Fifty on Christmas Break.") (The pot's up to two hundred dollars by the end of the night). ; ; Rachel Dare asks Percy out at the beginning of senior year. They date for a while, and even though Percy insists that it's serious, they break up in in the third week of September after a month and a half. Rachel becomes a good friend after, and she and Thalia get along well, thankfully. She asks Rachel about it, later. "I don't know why I broke up with him," Rachel says, frowning. "We were doing fine, and Percy's a great guy, but it kind of felt like I was borrowing him." Annabeth frowns too. "Borrowing him from whom?" Rachel shrugs looking at the ground. Rachel doesn't say anything, but Annabeth's pretty sure she knows. ; ; She goes to Percy's house for Christmas, and sleeps over. That night over hot chocolate, she remembers her conversation with Rachel, and turns to Percy, stifling a yawn. "Percy?" "Hmm." "Why'd you break up with Rachel?" He shrugs. "I don't know," he says, sleepily. "I wanted her to be you, but she wasn't." That wakes her up. "You what?" "'Night," he says, placing his head in her lap and smacking his lips. She frowns, and pushes him back up. "Why would you want Rachel to be me?" He wakes up too, frowning and rubbing his eyes. "…Never said that." "Yes you did." "I didn't mean it. I was really sleepy-" "Percy-" "We got bored, that's all-" "Percy!" He stops talking and looks at her. His expression is guarded. It scares her because he's never been this closed off with her. "Stop lying to me." Percy gives up then. She can see it in the way he slumps. "What do you want me to say?" "I…Explain." Percy sits up and moves away from her, ever so slightly, but it hurts all the same. He looks towards the door as if he's going to run away, but she knows he won't. She grabs his arm anyway, to keep him with her. "I think I'm in love with you," he says, without preamble. "I know you probably don't want it-" "Percy, stop." He does. "I think I'm in love with you too," she says, peering up at him through her lashes to gauge his reaction. His face is carefully blank. "You mean it?" he says, cautiously, and she almost laughs, because her best friend thinks she's lying to him. "Of course," she says softly. She leans forward and kisses him, just to drive it home. ; ; Sally and Paul come home to a completely silent home, and the reason is apparent when they walk inside. Percy and Annabeth are sleeping, their foreheads pressed together, two mugs of cold hot cocoa on the floor in front of them. Sally smiles. "Finally." Paul hums. "Indeed." He grins down at her. "Now, fork over." Sally frowns. "Dammit." "Look at it this way- my money is your money too," he says, kissin her cheek. ; ; fin. ; ; notes: okay so I was reading over this and i realized that it sounded really childish, so here's a total revamp. i'm sorry you had to read what was there before, and please tell me if it was better, or if you hated it or whatever other thoughts you may have had about this fic, PLEASE.