sip of water. It all seems pathetic now. "I'm sorry. I was just...really angry," he says softly. "Yeah," Grover says warily, glancing at the Big House. "Who's the girl you brought with?" He doesn't know whether to be suspicious or not. "Annabeth Chase." He thinks for a moment. "I think you knew her. She said that she came here with Luke and a...Thalia?" "Oh my gods," Grover says, suddenly going pale. "Grover?" Percy asks, frowning. Grover swallows nervously. "I'm going to go see what they're doing," he bleats. Annabeth comes over with Chiron. Grover won't stop staring at her, and it's clearly pissing her off. "Hey," he says to her, amusedly. "Hey, yourself." She smiles back and then gives Grover a wary look out of the corner of her eye as she comes to sit next to him on the infirmary bed. Chiron studies them clinically. "What did you wish to speak to me about?" "Luke wants to destroy Camp Half-Blood." Grover scoffs, dismissively. "He's always hated Camp." Percy shakes his head. "This is different," He insists. "He's actually going through with it now." "And why exactly are you telling us this?" Chiron asks, carefully. "...Isn't the fact that everyone here might die reason enough?" Annabeth asks, frowning. "And why should we trust you?" Grover says warily. "Because it's in your best interest. The destruction of this camp doesn't affect us at all," Annabeth says imperially, raising her chin. "Really?" Grover asks quietly, turning to him. "That's not what she's saying Grover," Percy sighs. "Really? Because that's what it sounded like," he says, hurt. Chiron cuts in. "What is it that you know?" The cabin counselors make a rudimentary plan with Chiron by the end of the night, after hours of incessant arguing. Percy takes Annabeth into his cabin despite the rules because her siblings have made it clear they don't trust her. Cabin 3 is empty and dust filled but they manage to semi-effectively clear a mattress before they retire to the bathroom. She kisses him as soon as she comes out of the bathroom, effectively waking him from his sleepy haze. Both of them are left gasping for air when she leans her forehead against his. Her hand has somehow found its way to his cheek. "I thought we were taking a break," he says, softly. She looks doen at the threadbare blanket. "I didn't want two weeks ago to be the last time we were with each other," she adds fiddling with a corner of the fabric. She pushes him back onto the mattress gently. "I'm glad we're here and not dead." She scoffs, smiling a little. "Go to sleep." The next week all of the demigods go up to defend Mount Olympus while the rest join the Hunters of Artemis and the satyrs to fight off the hundreds of monsters all over Manhattan. He and Annabeth, however, go for Luke (Kronos?). It doesn't take them long to find him- he's waiting for them on Zeus' throne. He wonders if this is Kronos' influence or if Luke was always this pretentious. "Luke," Annabeth breathes. Kronos knocks her to the ground without raising a finger. "Luke Castellan does not exist anymore. I am Kronos." Annabeth ignores him. "Luke please I know you can hear me!" Kronos laughs. "You two are pathetic," he sneers. "But no matter. You'll be dead soon." Percy tilts his head and smirks mockingly. "I'd give you ten out of ten stars for melodrama, but I'm gonna dock a few on account of you're supposed to be the bad guy here," he say, mustering up a pensive expression. Kronos knocks Percy over too. "You were my followers, until a week ago. Did you really think you could just walk away from me?" Kronos snarls. "If you want him, you'll have to go through me," Annabeth says, standing stepping in between you and Kronos. "That won't be necessary," Kronos says, smiling, not moving an inch from where he sits on the throne. He looks insane. The smile is too wide for his face and his eyes are glazed over, like a junkie's. Annabeth tries one last time. "Luke!" Kronos growls frustratedly, knocking her down again. "We're a family, remember? You promised." She stands up again, next to Percy this time. Kronos blinks, and it is Luke who speaks after. "A-Annabeth," Luke murmurs, eyes flashing blue for a minute. His gaze flicks to the blood beading at the corner of her mouth. "You're hurt…" "I'm okay Luke," Annabeth says, nearly sobbing in relief. "I'm okay. But you have to stop this, okay? You-" His eyes flash gold again and he snarls. "You foolish children. Luke is dead." He nods to someone over you shoulder. Annabeth turns quickly, eyes widening, and steps between him and one of Kronos' soldiers, her back pressed to you front. She stills against Percy in shock, and something warm dampens his shirt. She turns around, with an apology spilling from her lips. "No," Percy gasps, reaching for her as she falls and catching her wrist. "Annabeth-" Someone shoves something into his abdomen and he looks down to see the end of a sword jutting from his stomach. He gasps again as they twist and he can't handle the pain, can't think, can't breathe around it- ( stop stop stop stop- ) He collapses, letting Annabeth fall to the floor. "Percy," Annabeth says, her eyes falling to half-mast. He wants to tell her to stay awake but he barely has enough strength left to take in one last rattling breath. The last thing he sees is- notes: this is easily the longest one-shot i've written so far and it took forever. it is gargantuan, but i'm proud of it and i'd love to know what y'all think, so review, pretty please! [EDIT: 2/17] this too to rewrite and the ending is still not working for me, but this is all i got for the time being. please r&r because your reviews really do help.