me. That doesn't mean you had to call the police." "Mom, you're insane!" Thalia yelled back at her. "You're completely insane! Jason wasn't kidnapped by a god. Dad was not a god. And you are not the victim in this. Don't you ever—" she stopped. What was the use? "I'm going to my room." "No, you're not. Ungrateful child, do you know how much I've sacrificed for you? My career—" "Oh, why didn't you just get rid of me then? Obviously you've never liked me very much!" Thalia shot back loudly, but Mom was yelling now too. "Thalia Rosanna Grace, you are the definition of selfish. I never thought you capable until now of such cruel words. What did I do to make you hate me so much, huh? What did I do to you to make you such a hateful creature?" "You let my brother get kidnapped—my baby brother!" "Don't be a smartass, Thalia, it doesn't suit you at all. You're grounded, by the way." "Don't you even care about Jason at all?" She screeched, anger still guiding her every word and movement. She knocked Mom's beer over the counter with her elbow as she turned abruptly. Mom sent her an angry look and stormed out of the room. -/-/- Three days passed. An angry silence was the only contact Thalia had with Mom at the time, but she refused to let herself think about what would happen if Jason wasn't there. Every time the phone rang, which was often, she was sure it was the police calling to say that Jason had wandered to the ice cream man, followed a boy he had been playing with, gotten lost and found a policeman... This couldn't really be happening to her. No. Nonononono. But every phone call was either the police with more dumb questions that weren't helping (Thalia usually crossed her fingers, glanced at Mom passed out on the sofa, and told them Mommy was in the shower now, could she take a message?), or journalists—not just trashy papers like usual, but actual ones, though Mom wasn't famous enough to make the front page—or Mom's old B-list actor friends. They sent flowers and heat up meals. Mom stayed at home all the time, which was weird and not great. Jason wasn't there to get ready for bed, which was worse. Jason wasn't there in the morning to feed breakfast to. Jason wasn't there to drop off at daycare. But he would be. He would be. She would bring him back with force of will if nothing else. He would be. Three more days passed. Any calls dwindled. The police told Thalia to stop calling every day. She told them to find her brother. They were pretty short with her after that. Three more days passed, and Jason was officially missing for more then a week, but not really, because Thalia knew that he was coming home, coming home any minute, maybe even tonight. She hadn't been going to school, and they called, and she lost her temper and screamed at the secretary who was actually very nice and then felt bad about it later. One more day passed, which made ten, of sitting in her closet reading old tabloids featuring Mom, usually with titles like, Beryl Grace Arrested For DUI; Celebs Behind Bars! Stealing, Lying, Drinking; Charges Dropped After Beryl Grace's Alleged Fight. That had been life, going to school every day knowing that your mom was in the papers they sold by the cash register at the grocery store, her face in the margins like the C-list celebrity she was, always doing something stupid to get the press' attention. That was still life, only now the articles were about her missing son and the fact that the police were suspicious about his mother. Thalia wasn't good at reading, but somehow those magazines were something of an obsession. Maybe she was a masochist. She wasn't quite sure what that was, though. She just sat in her closet, by herself, holding one of Jason's blankets, and hated her mother with everything in her. -/- That night, she had a dream. Thalia had always had weird dreams before—a scary one about Dad, but different, with brighter eyes and in a strange place, arguing with so many different people with words she didn't understand—one about her mother, calling around confused for her brother on what looked to be the ruins of some old-time city—one where she herself was running, running, running—and suddenly she was pushing someone away, away to their death, and she didn't know them, couldn't see their face, but it was someone she loved... This one was the worst ever. She was sitting in a pine tree, even though she didn't climb trees. She had never liked heights, and Jason's tree climbing habit had terrified her. A woman sat next to her. She looked like the kind of mom Thalia had always envied the other girls for having, the kind who packed lunch and threw birthday parties. But she looked angry. "He's dead, you know," she said, conversationally, looking out into the forest as if she didn't even see Thalia. "You'll never see him again." Thalia's stomach turned to fire and her mind turned to ice and her heart turned to a church bell, pounding so loudly she could barely hear the woman sigh loudly and turn away. She woke up in a cold sweat, screamed into her pillow, and cried the rest of the night. That morning, she went to school because she didn't want to spend any more time in the house with her mother, but the entire time she went, she stared at the wall and worried. The police now only called so they could say that they had. Ten weeks later, the case was marked no longer actively pursued . She packed a backpack, put on her warmest sweatshirt, took fifty dollars out of Mom's purse, grabbed one more thing from the house, and left forever.