and went to sit at our tables. Once we got our food me and Raisa went to sacrifice some of it to the gods. It looked like Raisa was trying to get as far away from the fire as possible. I don't know what Raisa said but I think I heard the words thank you and Khione. Was she thanking the gods for saving her from Khione? Probably. Wait how does she know it was Khione's doing? It could be... Yeah it's probably Khione. Though there is something strange about Raisa. She doesn't seem like a daughter of Athena to me. But Athena claimed her so... Maybe she's more like her dad than her mom? That's not very likely but it can happen. I think. Most demigods are a lot like their godly parents. And Raisa doesn't seem very strategic. If I was a daughter of Athena I'd probably think up this whole plan to see if she can trust me or not. But Raisa just ran out from behind some trees. Wait was she stalking me? It doesn't matter she saved my life. After all the food was gone Chiron came and introduced everyone to Raisa and told us we had three hours till curfew. So me and Raisa went on a walk into the wood to get to know each other better. After she told me basically all of her life. And about how her dad kept pushing her into the pool and soaking her she pushed me into the lake. When I came out I was soaking. So I decided to show her what I could do. I burst into flame. Raisa started screaming. Then I stopped. She looked like she hade seen a ghost. "How are you still..." She trailed off. "Alive? I'm a son of Hephaestus remember?" I laughed. Raisa started backing away. I stopped laughing "what is my nose on fire again?" I asked. "I gotta go" she said quickly then ran off. I tried chasing her but Chiron said it was time to get back to our cabins. What is up with the new girl? I thought as I got into bed and drifted of to sleep. But of course sleep means dreams. I expected to find myself in camp half blood with my favorite superhero (that dream happens quite frequently) but instead I was on half blood hill right outside the boundary it was snowing. Then I woke I've never had a dream like that before. I'll figure it out later I'm hungry. Just as I got out of my cabin and got my food I was walking over to the fire when I saw Raisa running up to me. After I quickly gave the goods a waffle Raisa pulled me away from the fire. "I'm sorry about last night it's just you just burst into flames and it surprised me and scared me. My dad didn't like fire that much so I guess it passed onto me. "It's okay. I'm sorry for being to awesome for you to handle. That's why you ran away right?" I said jokingly "yeah right that's why" Raisa said sarcastically. We both burst out laughing. The next few days me and Raisa took walks through the woods and talked about our lives even more. We pretty much know everything about each other now. It started snowing about a few days after that Raisa loved it we were walking really close to the boundary when Raisa asked "why doesn't the camp let snow in?" Just as she reached out of the boundary I pulled her back in "well we need to eat on tables that aren't covered in snow." I said. Raisa laughed "I guess. Just I really love the snow and making snow angles and snow ball fights..." She trailed off "every winter me and my dad would have an epic snowball fight. And now that he's gone I just miss that." We sat down next to the beach. I stared telling Raisa about my countless crushes "did you know I actually liked Khione?" Her eyes got wide. "What did she look like?" She asked. "She looked a lot like you and she was really pretty and-" I stopped realizing what I just said. My nose caught fire and Raisa blushed. "You think I'm pretty?" She asked with a smile on her face. "Well...uh yeah...I like you...and uh-" she stopped me with a kiss. Her lips felt cold and soft at the same time. We pulled apart. "I like you to" she said with a smile. Suddenly it got colder. A look of fear crossed her face. the lake froze over and it started snowing only around her. A circle of snow started at her feet. She tried to step out of it but it followed her. It's just like what happened last time. We were both wearing CHB T-shirts and time I had a hoodie on. She won't last long in that cold. I tried to step towards her but my feet were frozen to the ground. I could see tears well up in her eyes. I couldn't yell I could only get out a whisper "Raisa are you okay?" Ice was making its way up my legs. A single tear made its way down Raisa's cheek. And it all stopped the pond unfroze the ice on my legs melted and Raisa fell to the ground. I ran up to her she felt ice cold. But suddenly she got up. "Raisa are you okay?!" I asked looking around. "Yes I'm fine" she said. "How? That cold should have..." I was cut off by a bright light above Raisa's head it was a book but then it changed into a snowflake. "What is-" suddenly I realized something. "Your the daughter of Khione..." Hope you liked the first chapter of this fanfic its my third one and I don't know if it's that good or not pls tell me and I'll try to fix it bye :3