In the background, she saw a girl with long brown hair and two boys with blond hair. She looked up at her father, with a mischievous smile, "Is that me, Jason and Octavian?" "Yes." She laughed. "It's not very realistic then. If it were Jason would have Octavian by the neck." She reached over and gave her father a hug. He awkwardly patted her on the shoulder and tried to get as far as possible from her. "Thank you." A knock on the door broke them apart. "I'll get it." "Oh, Tiber I almost forgot. If you press the behind the leather grip it turns into a watch. Tiber pressed it and watched as it spiraled into a small wristwatch with the same painting behind the dials. "Awesome!" She pulled open the door and behind it stood Caesar. His black hair wet from a recent shower. He leaned against the wall on her porch. "The Praetors called a meeting for all the centurions in thirty minutes. I suggest you shower. You look awful," was all he said before he walked away. Tiber rolled her eyes, said goodbye to her dad, and headed towards the bathhouse. Tiber glanced at her watch and cursed. She was already five minutes late. She ran through the crowded streets, and towards the gleaming white pillars of the Principia. She stormed in past the guards and into the office. The rest of the Centurions were already there sitting in wooden chairs trying their best to get comfortable, well the Praetors sat in their purple velvet chairs. The worst part of having a centurion meeting is the uncomfortable chairs. They all turned to her. She smiled meekly, "No chance that you'll believe me that I'm late because Apollo sent a word of mice after me, right?" Praetor Diana rolled her eyes and said, "Take your seat Tiber." Tiber made her way over to the only empty seat, the worst of the bunch. She sat carefully, fearing that it would break beneath her. "Now that everyone is here we can begin," Said Praetor Kai. He went on to explain about the shortage of weapons, the lack of knowledge of Mt. Othrys, and the threat of Typhoon, at which point Caesar glared back at her for not telling him. Tiber decided to ignore him. During the meeting, Abigail, a daughter of Venus and Centurion of the Fourth Cohort, leaned over and whispered in Tiber's ear, "I can help fix your hair later." She glanced up at the uneven locks of Tiber's soaked hair. Tiber glared at her like she had just insulted Rome. She stood and brashly moved her chair to the other side of the room. The Praetor Kai stopped talking and stared at her. Once she had settled in a new spot, he asked in an annoyed tone, "Are you done, Tiber?" Tiber nodded, and the meeting resumed. Praetor Diana concluded the meeting, and the Centurions returned to their cohorts. The day was filled with training for the upcoming battle, more training, dinner, and one epic sword fight between Tiber and Reyna, in which Jason got caught in the crossfire. But day soon faded into night, and Tiber laid awake with a little girl by her side. She had come crying into Tiber's room, murmuring about how she didn't want her father to be killed by Typhoon, and how she didn't want to die. Tiber comforted her till she fell asleep. It wasn't unusual for demigods to wake up screaming and crying from nightmares to come to Tiber for comforting words or a cup of hot chocolate. Her door creaked open and in slipped Octavian with crazed eyes and covered in sweat. Tiber sat up and began to make some hot chocolate. "Nightmare?" She asked already knowing the answer. She put heaps of whip cream on top of the hot chocolate then sprinkled some cinnamon on it, which she knew Octavian liked. He nodded. His eyes lingered on the sleeping form in her bed. She handed him the hot cup with a soft smile. "Want to go for a walk?" The streets of New Rome were silent, empty of any movement, besides for Tiber and Octavian. They walked in silence through the streets and out to the Little Tiber. The dark water crashed against the shore. If not for the full moon above that cast an eerie glow it would have been impossible for the two to see each as they sat on the rocky shore. Tiber dipped her toes in the frigid water. She felt her muscle relaxes. She smiled softly. Octavian stared up at the constellations, silently naming them all. "Want to talk about it?" Asked Tiber. The harshness and authority that often occupy it had fallen into a soft motherly tone. "I was in the titan's base and a voice started to speak to me. It said 'Betray Rome. Join us. What have they ever done for you?" His voice turned acidic. "Elect your idiot brother as a centurion. They don't respect you. They don't respect the power that you have. Join us and we will. You'll be the most powerful demigod to ever walk this Earth, even the gods will bow to you." Tiber looked at her friend in horror. The conviction in his voice made her shiver. She wanted to shake him and knock some sense into him. She wanted to push him into the river, and that's exactly what she did. He splashed into the river. He gasped and glared up at her from beneath his soaked hair that hung in his eyes. Tiber stood over him, any motherly kindness was replaced by a cold, scolding glare. "You will not betray Rome, Octavian, and if you do I'll personally kill you." She turned on her heel and stormed back to her room, unaware of the consequences of her actions. She threw her sheet over herself and seethed until sleep finally washed over her. The nightmares followed. They always came for demigods.