"So, what do you need help on?" I said. He sighed. "Nothing, I wanted to tell you something. There is this war coming, Kronos is coming in 4 weeks, he wants to declare war and I want you to be prepared. The knights don't know nothing yet, but I'll tell them later next week so that they can train at a normal pace. We've had some new recruits and I don't want to stress them out too much with this war" He said. Percy. "Wait, why is kronos planning to attack us, we made a deal. We make sure that we give him part of our lands so they won't attack us" I said. Percy could be in danger. I didn't want that. "I know, but he broke the deal, he wants all of it. He'll come and take it no matter what. He is planning to build a huge army in order to do that, he needs much more space" Dad said running his hands through his hair. "So I need you to keep this a secret, Don't tell anyone. Not even you friend Percy. No matter what. You say nothing" He said tucking a bit of my hair behind my ear, "I am telling you this so you could be careful and look out for anything suspicious" I nodded and walked out. I headed out to the training area and spotted Percy sparring with Thaila's brother Jason. As I reached closer to them the sound of their swords touching became more loud. Percy wa moving a sword around flawlessly, like nothing could stand in his way, he was really good at handling a sword. Jason was good at dodging Percy's attacks, really useful. Then Percy got the good move, he swung his leg under Jason and fell back, Percy pointed the sword at him, "Game over" Percy grinned, Jason groaned. Percy lifted his sword helping his friend up. "Sorry man, but good dodging" Percy chuckled, Jason beamed at that. Percy spotted me at the fence and jumped over and ran to me. "Hey, I received your letter, what did you help you dad with?" He said putting his sword in his holster. I sighed trying to think of a lie. "Paperwork" I said. He nodded his head. "All right then, after this want to walk around the garden, I mean if that's okay with you. I just want to get away for a bit" He said. I nodded, A girl with a friend then appeared, The girl held out a dagger and her friend held a bow. "Percy, come on announcements are coming up" she said she looked at me and gasped, "Sorry Princess didn't see you there" Both of them curtsied. "What are your names?" I asked. "This is Reyna, she's an archer. I'm Piper, good with a dagger" Piper said holding out her dagger. "Nice to meet you, you know maybe one day you both could show me how you fight and see if you can beat me" I grinned. Percy's jaw dropped. "You fight?" He said quietly. "Lessons,maybe I'm better than you" I smiled. He smirked at my response. "Like to see you try" "Is that a challenge?" I said going down to my ankle taking out my dagger, it was sharp and shiny you could see your reflection. Percy smirked. "Please save yourself the embarrassment" I pushed him into a tree nearby and holding the dagger to his throat, he struggled to get away from my grip. "Tough princess, got it, noted, done" He said I let him go and he ran all the way to the girls and followed him to the fence. I laughed and ran after him. After announcements he walked me to the garden where flowers were full of colors. I had my arm linked in his while we strolled down the path. I looked up at him It was real I really liked Percy. The way he's always there and how I enjoy being there with him. I know he would protect me any day. We walked on top of the hill and we laid on the green grass looking at the sunset. It was beautiful the orange color blending in with the sun. "It's beautiful" Percy looked at the sky. I smiled. I never wanted this moment to end just the two of us together. "Annabeth?" Percy sighed and sat up and turned to me, his head leaned on one elbow. "Yeah" I said doing the same thing. "What do you think of me becoming a Knight? Are you okay with the idea? " He said. I bit my lip and shrugged. "I don't know, I'm worried for you I guess, what if one day you go to war and never come back, I don't know how I'll take that" "So you don't like the idea?" He said. "No, what I'm saying is that, I really like that you're doing something that suits you I just want you to be careful and-" His warm lips connected with mine, he pulled back quickly. "I'm so sorry Annabeth, I didn't mean-" I came back at him, We weren't crazy, it was gentle. We pulled back and then he smiled. "Annabeth?" He said. "What does that make us, now that we kissed?" I said. He smiled, "Two Lovers" We went back to the castle our hands linked together. He kissed me goodnight and watched me as I went to my bed. He smiled. I never thought someone I like would be the one I've known for most of my life. I went to bed thinking of that one kiss, that one kiss that changed everything between me and him maybe forever, but if something were two happen. It would affect everything. Hey guys hope you enjoyed that! I did. I really like this one, it's very detailed and stuff. I wanted to make this long and I hope you enjoyed this first chapter. So yeah! Have a wonderful night everyone! Adios!