and quieted down. She looked at the mirror hoping to see Percy's reflection again. "Uh, work. That's why. Work has just gotten in the way but I thought you hated the idea of me and William together. You always tried to get me to dump the dude and get with Percy" She chuckled but stuttered when she mentioned his name. Piper noticed but ignored. "Uh Yeah cause you guys are perfect. But I respect your decision. If he makes my girl happy then he's good" Piper on the other side beamed. She was glad Annabeth called just as Percy left their house. Piper didn't want to make him feel bad if annabeth calls her instead of checking up on him. Don't get her wrong, she loved that Annabeth called her. "Happy. Yeah, but um I'm you guys are doing good" She smiled, and the smile didn't last long when she saw a boy with his back turned against her. He had a guitar over his shoulder, He turned around and there standing in front of her was Percy, "I'll call you back. I gotta go now, bye Pipes" She said and ended the call. He smiled at her and ignored her recent actions only her walking forward to him, he sat down on the couch. He began playing his guitar with beautiful chords. {Amnesia- 5 seconds of summer} I drove by all the places we used to hang out getting wasted I thought about our last kiss, how it felt the way you tasted And even though your friends tell me you're doing fine Are you somewhere feeling lonely even though he's right beside you? When he says those words that hurt you, do you read the ones I wrote you? Sometimes I start to wonder, was it just a lie? If what we had was real, how could you be fine? 'Cause I'm not fine at all I remember the day you told me you were leaving I remember the make-up running down your face And the dreams you left behind you didn't need them Like every single wish we ever made I wish that I could wake up with amnesia And forget about the stupid little things Like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you And the memories I never can escape 'Cause I'm not fine at all The pictures that you sent me they're still living in my phone I'll admit I like to see them, I'll admit I feel alone And all my friends keep asking why I'm not around It hurts to know you're happy, yeah, it hurts that you've moved on It's hard to hear your name when I haven't seen you in so long It's like we never happened, was it just a lie? If what we had was real, how could you be fine? 'Cause I'm not fine at all I remember the day you told me you were leaving I remember the make-up running down your face And the dreams you left behind you didn't need them Like every single wish we ever made I wish that I could wake up with amnesia And forget about the stupid little things Like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you And the memories I never can escape If today I woke up with you right beside me Like all of this was just some twisted dream I'd hold you closer than I ever did before And you'd never slip away And you'd never hear me say I remember the day you told me you were leaving I remember the make-up running down your face And the dreams you left behind you didn't need them Like every single wish we ever made I wish that I could wake up with amnesia And forget about the stupid little things Like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you And the memories I never can escape 'Cause I'm not fine at all No, I'm really not fine at all Tell me this is just a dream 'Cause I'm really not fine at all Percy held out his hand, "I, Percy Jackson, take Annabeth Chase to be my lawfully wedded wife" Annabeth began to fade away and blacked out. The last thing she saw was William walking through the door panicking and Percy gone. She closed her eyes. She heard her name, "Annabeth" Percy Percy was dressed in his pajamas and looked up into the sky. Weeks after sending his email he still hasn't heard a word. He figured she really didn't care about him anymore so he gave up hope. He didn't want to, He looked down at his white shirt and dark blue plaid cotton pants. He could stare at the stars. He didn't feel so much love for one ever. But Annabeth is special. She always will be. Maybe one day he will move on. But not now. He heard the doorbell ring, He turned away from the window he sat down with a small ledge. He looked at the empty hallway and looked down at his driveway seeing a new car. He got up and walked on the wooden floor, he walked down the hall and down the stairs. He approached the door and unlocked it, he twisted the cold door handle and pulled the door open. He looked at a girl with golden blonde curls. Wearing a sweater and no make up, just like she always does. She's perfect. He stood in his doorway and his raced seeing her right in front of him. Annabeth had a worried look but, a small smile formed on her kissable lips. He noticed her ring was no longer on her finger. "I will kill myself if this is all a dream" He laughed with Annabeth. But the kiss felt real. It is real. "I, Annabeth Chase, take Perseus Jackson, to be my lawfully wedded husband" She whispered making Percy grin and sharing many more kisses that night.