it looked like she knew'' ''I don't know'' After 2 hours Silena stopped, everyone looked at her. Annabeth touched her and she screamed ''NOOOOOO! SHE HAS NO BLOOD LEFT'' The Aphrodite girls started crying biting looking at Silena.. But then I just decided to do something. I hugged Silena and took her out of the cabin ''Where are you going? Leave my sister alone!'' - said her sister ''I am SAVING your sister'' I sprinted to the water and i told everyone to close their eyes. Annabeth didn't want to but I looked at her so serious and then finally she closed her eyes. Then i did something with the water. I told the water ''I want you to revive her!'' I tried this trick with a dog but now it needed more. For first nothing happened but then i saw a light which almost killed me, like a God was showing his real form or something. Then all I saw is how Silena started moving. Then everything went black. I blacked. When I woke up I saw Chiron, Silena, Will, Annabeth and all the Aphrodite girls kissing me and hugging me. Next to me Rachel was smiling. ''Great work Percy, you saved Silena.. But how did you do that? ''Just a little water magic'' ''Thank you Percy Jackson - Silena smiled at me and then she hugged me - You are a hero'' I smiled and hugged her back. ''May I ask what is the time?'' ''7 P.M. , I guess it is time for dinner - Said Chiron and smiled - come on kids, let's go!'' We went to the dining room, I ate a New York pizza with a blue Fanta. It was really yummy, no idea why! I have been eating this every dinner but now when i started eating i saw myself. I had a really big muscles, i was thin, i was taller, i was looking so.. Different.. Maybe that's why every girl was watching at me except.. Oh Gosh! Except Annabeth cause I didn't see her. I thought she was like at her cabin reading something. Anyways, I decided to go back to my cabin and take a nap. Honestly, I was really tired. I slept for like 6 hours and i just couldn't stop thinking about her. What is she doing, why is she sad and stuff, so i just decided to go. Wait.. It was August 18.. My birthday. I was 16. So maybe that could give me luck and i went to Annabeth's cabin. When i saw her bed blank i felt really really confused. I moved closer and I saw the.. the.. Artemis Hunter Book '' No, no, no!I don't believe it, why Annie why! No!'' I sprinted to the camp borders. I saw Annabeth looking like she is gonna fight Kronos of her own. She had a bow with arrows and there was.. Artemis? I think i kinda heard them ''So you Annabeth Chase, do you accept to be one of the Artemis Hunters? Forgetting all boys, crushes and be truly Hunter to me? When I heard that I was shocked.. I didn't know what to do.. Wait i did. A VERY Stupid idea! ''NO! ANNABETH CHASE IS MINE!'' - I screamed and then Annabeth looked back and the goddess disappeared. ''What are you doing here Percy? You ruined everything! - I saw anger in Annabeth's eyes. They were really creepy when she was angry.. And cute. ''I am not letting you for nothing!'' ''Why? What so much do I mean to you?'' I couldn't tell her, so i just decided to work with my emotions. I walked to her slowly, I grabbed her waist and kissed her. That which surprised me is that she accepted it.. She kissed me too.I turned back and looked at her beautiful face ''You are mine, Wise Girl. I am NOT letting you go, do you understand?'' ''Percy.. but Rachel..?'' ''No Rachel, she is my friend but you are more Annabeth Chase, I am mad for you!'' She was shocked, either did I. Then she just grabbed me around my neck and started kissing me. I was so happy, there was just a word she had to say and I was gonna lose her. No. Now she is mine and she is gonna be mine forever! ''I love you Seaweed Brain, I really do!'' I smiled and answered ''I love you Wise Girl, I really do!'' I took her hand and we walked back to our cabins. I suggested to go for a swim and then she just smiled and said ''Okay, wait me here after 5 minutes, okay?'' ''Okay'' We went back to our cabins, I got dressed and stuff, then we went back and i saw Annabeth. She was really attractive.. so I just smiled and took her hand. We went for a swim holding our hands ''Wanna go underwater?'' ''Hey dumby I am not the daughter of Poseidon!" ''You don't have to be'' I grabbed her by her waist and took her underwater. She kissed me and then i made an underwater balloon. We started laughing for no reason! Then i took her on my lap and hugged her. She was really cute when she was in love.. For first time i saw her like this ''Percy, what are our parents gonna think?'' ''I don't care Wise Girl, i just love you'' She grinned and laid next to me. She hugged me and i hugged her. ''Happy Birthday Seaweed Brain.'' - After she said that she kissed me really hard which almost made me cry.. I really loved that girl! ''Couldn't wish for a better present, Annabeth'' We couldn't stop. Forever won't be long enough! I swear on the river Styx, that was the BEST underwater kiss ever 3 Thanks for reading my fanfiction! I hope you liked it and if i get a lot of views and stuff, I will continue making more fanfictions! Thank you all 3