Luke Castellan himself, complete with the think, deep pale scar running from his eye to his chin. Just seeing him jogged back bad memories that I'd rather push away. "Guys, I said turning back to them, "cane we move and get out of here. I just saw Luke." I pushed my way in-between them. They instantly understood and followed me to their lockers. Along the way, they kept shooting me concerned looks. Right when Hazel opened her mouth to say something the warning bell rang signifying time to go to first period, and I quickly dashed off. -line break- After first and second period, I had a break and I checked my phone, and of course I saw a text from Thalia. T: Annie! Guess what, guess what! A: DON'T CALL ME ANNIE! And what is it? T: ahhhhh im soooo happy meet me at your locker A: um… ok… Within five minutes I was at my locker and I saw Thalia walking down the hallway towards me. "Annabeth!" she called once she saw me. "Finally, you learned my name," I replied. She gave me a sly grin, "Whatever do you mean Annie?" I just shot her a glare and told her to shut up. "Why so down?" She said with a wide grin, like my unhappiness just fueled her happiness. I rolled my eyes. "So, what are you so excited about?" She instantly perked up. "Ok, so, you know those guys I talk about that are our age and are close family friends of my family." She rushed out all in one breath. "Yeah," I answered, "do you mean that one that you're always saying how hot he is and the other one who want to set me up with." "Yep," She agreed completely ignoring my description of them. "so anyways I'm so excited. My dad managed to convince Nico's family they should move here to be closer to the business. And now Nico is going to be attending Goode High with us," I looked at her confused and opened my mouth to speak. Of course, she cut me off before I could. "And the other one, Percy, his family is going on some yearlong business trip and he's coming to stay at my house. He's also attending Goode and is flying in with Nico." "Great now came I talk," I said sarcastically. "I don't care," she said with an indifferent expression. I grinned at her. One of the reasons we're so close is because her punk rock vibe matched my sarcastic tone so we rarely misunderstood each other. "Perfect," I said with a wide, and fake, grin, "so hold up Nico's the on you've had a crush on and think it hot," She gave me a glare I'm immune to by now, "Yes," she confessed, "but don't tell anyone," she quickly added. "Ok and Percy's the one you said everyone else thinks is hot?" "Yep, but he wasn't really my type, Nico's better." "Ok, whatever so when are they going to get here?" I asked. "Their coming in Saturday with Jason, remember he was staying with them, and starting school Monday." She responded. Suddenly I felt a presence behind me and simultaneously I saw Thalia's eyes widen in alarm darting from me to over my head and back again. I turned around to see non other than Luke Castellan directly behind. He was standing up close and personal with me so he could feel my breath hitting his chest. He is half a head taller than me so I had to look up at him to meet his eye. However, I refused to back up or tilt my head back to look up at him. Instead I leaded sideways against my locker and gave him my best innocent, happy face which I'm good at by the way. His face visibly brightened up. "So, are we good? Do you forgive me?" he asked hopefully. I smiled at him sweetly and let out a soft, sweet giggle laugh. With a shy look on my face and happiness in my eyes I said, "That's funny, you think I'd forgive you," I saw a look of hurt pass over his face. Good I thought hurt, like I did. "I'd rather die," I finished. Now you may be thinking I'm some horrible person who just completely humiliated and insulted a boy who likes me, but I promise that could not be further from the truth. You see Luke is a classic player, he's captain of the football team and the swim team, and he thinks he's God's gift to girls. In truth, he's just a jerk who plays with girls' emotions and sleeps around. Let's just say I was his last target and, well it didn't go well for him, or me. Like me he has complete control over his facial expressions so he came make it look like he cares when really, he's judging your body and what not. I hardened me face and showed him all my anger for him in my eyes, I saw him flinch. "Now leave me alone you pervert and go find your next slut," I said with hatred in my voice. He glared at me and let out a humorous laugh. "Hm, your gonna regret that," he said as his parting words before he turned his back on me, finally, and disappeared into the crowd. Thalia gave me a look that could be pity. I ignored her. "So, continue about these guys," I said. So, What did you think? Was it any good? let me know if you have ANY comments, good or bad, by leaving a review. I've already partly done chapter 2 so that might come out kinda fast, but after that well we'll see. Btw any songs I mention I will always put the title and artist at the very end of the AN. Well thanks, please reveiw and let me know what you think. Song: Lightning in a Bottle- The Summer Set