feet just to get some Starbucks. Luckily- not luckily at all- Piper had 'coincidentally' brought two pairs of shoes. "Oh my gosh... Annabeth... You actually have boobs now." Thalia commented from the bed. She glanced at Piper with praise while I took offence to her words. "Did I not have any before?" Thalia snickered while Piper scoffed. "No, you have plenty. She means that now you can actually tell you have boobs." I rolled my eyes and went to rub my eyes. As my fist was about to meet my eye, Piper screeched and grabbed my arm. "No, you'll ruin your make up!" I glared at her and snatched the keys from her hand, grabbing the flats that I'd distastefully agreed to wear and running down the stairs. I'd avoided Malcolm's stares, stomped out of the house, and drove to Starbucks with anger in my veins that day. I hated dressing up, and I hated people telling me what to do. I got enough commands from the cheer coach, I didn't need it from anyone else. I'd ended up in cheer the same way I'd ended up wearing a dress. A dare. I'd been in gymnastics since I could stand, and I loved it. I loved it more than the leprechaun loved his lucky charms. At the end of eight grade, Piper decided that she would try out for cheer, and then she'd dared me to try out with her. And of course I got in. But then I never quit because... Well because I didn't. I parked Piper's shabby truck- it was the one possession she had that I liked because it wasn't luxurious- and hopped out, grabbing a twenty from the cup holder and walking in quietly. There was a sinfully long line and I let out an exesperated breath as I realized I'd probably be there for at least twenty minutes. Luckily for me, the line actually ended up moving pretty quickly and I got my drinks in less time than I thought. I could feel people's eyes on me as I headed for the napkin stand and grabbed the nutmeg off the little counter top. I grabbed a handful of napkins and turned around quickly, and that was when I bumped into him . He was raven haired and green eyed, and all things that made a girl wanna melt. Except for this particular girl because this particular girl was already in the process of melting, as she had hot coffee on her chest. "I'm sorry," I started quickly because if was being honest, it was my fault that the whole incident had happened. I thought I'd be getting an apology too, but that was not what happened. Instead the guy glared at me, and I wasn't intimidated, I was just shocked. "Yeah, you should be. You just made me waste five dollars." "Excuse me?" He looked at me like I was stupid. "Here, I'll put in a way that you can understand. Thanks for your apology because I just totally wasted totally good money." He said in a fake prissy girl voice. And after that it was all down hill, no one could rail me in at that point. I wasn't one to just shut up, and I was also easily ticked off. "Are you calling me stupid?" He held his hand up to his chest and mock gasped. "Surprised you knew what I was saying Blondie." By now people were starting to stare at us but I didn't care. "I'll have you know my GPA is higher than yours will ever be." I replied hotly. "I seriously doubt it, I mean have you looked at yourself in the mirror recently?" He said looking disinterested. "All I know is that you just couldn't stay out of my way or watch where you were going and now I'm having a less than intelligent conversation with someone who doesn't deserve my time." "What the hell is your problem?" I asked angrily. The guy was seriously getting on my last nerve and I had half a mind to beat the living shit out of him. He was an asshole, that's for sure. He automatically assumed I was a dumb blonde because I was dressed up like one, so nice showing of stereotyping there. He pretended to think for a minute and then nodded as if he knew the answer. "Uh. Yeah, you." I scoffed. "You don't even know me! Besides, shouldn't I be the upset one, I'm the one who has coffee all over them!" "Yeah, I'm glad I don't know you." He said, ignoring the second part of my statement. "Well I'm glad I don't know you!" "Aw, so stupid you can't come up with your own words?" I closed my eyes briefly and smiled. Then, quietly, I grabbed one of the frappuchinos and decided that Thalia and Piper could share one as I dumped the contents of the cup on the mystery guys' head. The whole store reacted as the frappuchino rolled down his face and his mouth hung open as he glared at me. "Oops, sorry, guess I'm too stupid to realize that you shouldn't turn an open cup upside down." I replied innocently. "Bitch!" I grabbed the other cup and headed for the door. "Asshole." I spit at him and then I closed the door behind me and jumped into my car smelling like over priced coffee. I was pissed, wet, and over dressed. Something in my mind yelled at me about how I shouldn't have taken the dare, but I ignored it because I knew it was right. At the time, the knowledge that I'd never have to see the guy again cheered me up. But, if you knew me, you'd know that things never went the way I wanted them to, and this incident was no exception to that. AN: So. How was it? Drop me a review if you can. Or not. It's cool, but I'd appreciate it. Alright, night- ShyGal