The faster you do this the faster you can be warm!" Jeb snapped. Percy glanced back at his father,"Don't talk to her like that! She was asking a question." He snarled and Jeb merely glared at his son before looking straight ahead. "Percy this is insane! We have to get out of here." Hazel whispered and Percy grimaced once he noticed her lips starting to turn blue. Before he could say anything they came into this large cavern room with a giant hole in the ground. Percy frowned before looking back at his dad who seemed just as confused as he was. "Percy, Hazel we have to get out of here now." He said urgently and Percy raised an eyebrow, two seconds ago his father was screaming at them to walk faster into the cavern but now he wanted to leave?" The black haired man looked at his son in panic and Marie seemed to snap out of her daze as well as she looked in the cavern in fear. A dark voice chuckled,"So glad you could join us!" It held an unearthly ancientness making the four scared out of their wits. The cavern exit suddenly collapsed on itself blocking their exit. Percy stood in front of Hazel protectively and glared at the hole that the voice seemed to be coming from,"Who are you? Look just let us go, we didn't do anything." He growled but on the inside he wanted to curl up into a little ball to keep the evil voice from reaching his ears. He wanted to teleport everyone out of there but he unfortunately didn't have that superpower. All he could do was make the earth move a little bit and he wasn't sure how helpful that would be in this situation. "Oh you have nothing to fear my son, I would never harm you. I love all of my children." She said soothingly and Percy's eyebrows shot up as he turned back to his dad in shock. Jeb looked faint,"Gods I had hoped this day would never come. You promised to leave us be Gaea!" He yelled angrily before clutching his head tightly and inwardly beating himself up, Gaea had taken control of him and he had led them to their deaths. Gaea cackled,"Oh Jeb, naive as ever. You never even told Percy who his mother was? A nice girl named Sally; I was able to influence her and Jeb to be together. She harnessed my power because I was controlling her, and here you are." Percy looked sick to his stomach and he started breathing heavily, this couldn't be happening, his mom was supposed to be a kind goddess who would come for him and his dad. She would make it so they no longer were poor, she would make it so Hazel would be happy. Pluto was supposed to be there for Hazel but he rarely was, she had only met the man once and Percy thought that once he was claimed his mother would take care of them. "Now." Gaea hummed and suddenly Hazel's hands were in the air and the ground shook underneath them,"Just a nice human sacrifice and the rise of Alcyoneus and then everything will be going according to plan." The evil earth woman laughed maniacally. Hazel seemed to be trying to fight herself but it wasn't working as the ground continued to shake violently. The four knew Gaea was evil, just from her presence they could feel her wretchedness. "P-Percy I need you to try to make the earth shoot upwards. Please I have a plan." Hazel said through clenched teeth as she tried to fight for control, Percy nodded and took her hand that was held in the air held onto it. "Please Gaea, take my life! I'll be the sacrifice as long as Hazel lives." Marie pleaded and Jeb could only watch the scene helplessly. He didn't know what to do and he didn't know how he could stop this. Hazel teared up at her mother's words; she didn't know her selfish mother was capable of risking her life for her. Percy squeezed his eyes shut and tried making the earth go upwards but nothing happened,"I can't do it!" He yelled over the trembling of the earth whilst Hazel focused on summoning all the jewels she could. She looked over at Percy,"Yes you can! Just know no matter what happens I...I love you." She stammered and Percy felt his heart soar at those words, he squeezed his eyes shut again. Do it for Hazel, she loves you, you can't let Gaea win...you'd let Hazel down. You'd let your father down. Percy felt a familiar clench in his gut before the earth shook more violently. Marie and Jeb held onto each other in fear as they watched their children. Percy knew what was going to happen,"I love you too." He told her before kissing her temple right as the rocks slammed into the jewels with a tremendous amount of force. This made the jewels shoot to the surface and the entire cavern exploded. The whole racial things I put in here were not meant to be offensive so do not see them in such a way. If you do that's silly. Anyway the racial things I put in there were true, some took a lot of research...well mostly Hazel's life story and stuff. I don't care if you're irritated that I made a NEW story, it came to me an I absolutely had to get this down. I write what I want yada yada. Imagine a stellar rant and put that right here. Anyway, PercyxHazel, this is extremely rare! Barely see these, don't think I've seen one actually. This will be a challenge to write but when in Rome. Now hit that lovely review button and pretend you get a piece of chocolate for it, because on the inside I'm rewarding all of you with chocolate...you'll just never see it in real life but imagination is fun.