his pink nails with a smile,"Did I do a good job?" She actually did a rather neat job...his nails looked great. He kissed her forehead,"You sure did baby girl." He then frowned,"Next time we should try a light blue. I think it'd look better with my skin tone." He mused and Phoebe's smile broadened. Her mother wasn't around to do girlie things with her. She had the best father in the world. He was manly but for her he would soften and allow her to try different things on him. He took her shopping and to humor her when she was feeling sad he once tried on a dress. Just to make her happy. Undoubtedly he was the most amazing father in the world. Bear had taught Phoebe and Percy to control being a werewolf and the two had gotten it down perfectly. He taught them all the principles and how to hunt. He was tough with them as he trained them to fight in human and werewolf form. She didn't need her mother when she had her loving father. Where would they be without him? "Tomorrow we're trying mascara okay? I haven't worn it yet but Percy won't let me experiment on him." She huffed before giving her father a hug,"Love you!" She called as she ran to her room. Bear sighed before hitting his head against the counter. He was losing his masculinity. A brief smile crossed his lips as he looked at the direction his daughter ran off in, she was definitely worth it and she always would be. For years Bear had missed Jane but now he was trying to get out there and meet new girls and go on dates. None of them had really captivated him yet but maybe someday he could find a girl. The girl would be perfect, he didn't like a girl due to his preferences, he pictured said girl with his children and shot each one down. All were so eager and ready to...try to be his mate. He didn't want them around his children. He let out a sigh before sitting at the kitchen table and resting his head on his hand. He had a date tomorrow night. They now felt like a chore to him. Hopefully this girl he was meeting would be okay. Lets pretend Marshall Mathers never picked up a pen. Lets pretend things would have been no different, pretend he procrastinated had no motivation. Pretend he just made excuses that were so paper-thin they could blow way with the wind. Marshall you're never gonna make it, make no sense to play the game there ain't no way that you'll win. Percy bobbed his head slightly as he blasted music in his ear buds. He reached inside his locker to get his books for his next class. He had stupid Algebra next, math had to be the worst subject in the world. As he absentmindedly shut his locker and locked it, he couldn't stop thinking about the girl he had dreamed about that night. She had beautiful silver eyes, she had auburn hair and she had...kissed him. She was gorgeous and he was shocked when he woke up. He had gotten excited when he saw her as if she was an old friend. And when she kissed him...he felt a tingle on his lips and he was so elated. But then he awoke and his head hurt from it all. Even with his music on its highest volume he could recognize the voice,"Hey Percy, are you coming? Don't make me be late because I'm waiting for you." The voice teased. Percy turned his music off and looked at her in shock, Calypso, he cleared his throat and gave her a stiff nod. "Right, nice to see you Calypso." He felt his face redden. Nice to see you? Smooth. He berated himself before letting out a inaudible sigh. He thought back to the auburn haired girl momentarily. He was so confident when he had talked to her, he was so comfortable as he teased her like he would Phoebe but to a higher extent, and then he felt elation when she kissed him. It felt great. And then he woke up in shock. He shook his thoughts away from the mysterious girl, it was just a dream, he brushed off before giving Calypso his undivided attention again. He wouldn't say he was in love with her or anything, he just had a big crush on her, if she ended up not liking him he wouldn't be heartbroken. She smiled warmly at him before looping her arm in his,"Nice to see you too Percy." He allowed a small smile to tug at his lips as he allowed her to drag him to their class. Momentarily the thought of the silver-eyed girl escaped his mind as he smiled down at the cinnamon hair girl. "How have you been? How's your sister?" She asked politely. Percy finally calmed himself enough to speak,"Phoebe is great. I'm doing fine. How are you?" She looked up at him with warm brown eyes and flashed him a dazzling smile. "Great!" She began talking about her day as they made their way to class. And Percy listened to her with a faint smile on his lips as she talked about her life. He was good at listening. This is going to have to be broken up into two shots...this is friggen longgggggggggg. Yes I threw in Calypso and will explain her blah blah blah. So review on how I'm doing so far. That'd be nice. Seriously guys, review, you have no idea how draining this is. I'm not going to continue this unless I get a decent amount of reviews. That's right I'm acting like one of those people but can you blame me? I have fans who just don't talk to me. I don't know...I just want more reviews on how people think I'm doing. Hard to edit so I'll look at it again.