stepped forward and waved the girl off,"What is wrong with your eyes boys? Who is your godly parent?" She asked with knives still drawn, the girl still hadn't stepped back and still held the silver blade to his throat. He continued to glare into the tiara chicks eyes,"I'll start talking once miss princess backs up. I'm not screamish and weapons make me angry." He sneered and the "Princess" scowled before stepping back. "I have a name." Zoe grumbled and Percy looked at her stoically. "I don't care!" He blurted out before continuing while Zoe gripped her bow tightly. Caesar shot his pupil a warning glare but Percy looked at Diana curiously,"Well if you must know my father is...Hermes...I just have odd eyes." He lied easily and she frowned before looking at his mentor. "Percy I would be glad to be your fake father!" The messenger god said and Percy grinned widely at him. Apollo looked upset,"What about me!" Percy grimaced,"In this story we don't get along very well." Apollo's eyes widened and he just stared at the werewolf. Percy held no hard feelings because he no longer cared about what happened in the past. He had let it go and it turns out the sun god was pretty cool. "And who's this?" She asked, her tone held a bit of superiority that made Percy bristle. He knew she thought she was better then every male out there but in reality she wasn't. Caesar glanced at Percy and the two came to an unspoken agreement. "Lower your weapons completely and we'll talk. Besides what can two men do to ten highly skilled hunters? Unless your scared that we could over power you." Percy shrugged and Diana scowled along with the other hunters. "We don't fear you males, you should fear us." The black haired girl spat and the girls cheered in approval before dropping their weapons, "Idiots." Ares grumbled and suddenly a knife was flying towards his head. Putting his arm up he blocked the incoming projectile only to have it impale him. He let out a scream and the hunters laughed. Percy fought to suppress a smirk, they had underestimated them and it would be their worst mistake. He allowed a smile to tug on his lips,"Don't you girls know? I feel no fear, fear is for the weak." He laughed before his body shook violently, he burst into a black wolf as did his mentor and Percy instantly tackled the moon goddess, there were yells of anger and surprise. Diana struggled underneath his weight and he heard the twang of a bow. He jumped off the moon goddess and caught the arrow between his teeth before easily snapping it in half, multiple arrows were shot at him and his eyes widened. "Wow...got the drop on Artemis extremely fast." Aphrodite commented and Artemis glared at her before fixing it on Percy. Percy noticed her glaring and winked making her eyes widened. Before she could react he continued reading. He morphed back into a human for he knew it was easier to avoid the silver arrows,"Caesar run and get help!" Percy screamed at the silver wolf that had easily batted a huntress away, he looked at his pupil in horror before bounding away. Percy heard another arrow being shot and he caught it between his fingers, "Holy crap! This dude is awesome!" Apollo said excitedly and Artemis punched his arm again. He winced,"Not him attacking you! Just his fighting skills..." He trailed off as a dagger came awfully close to his throat. another one was shot and it was aimed at his chest making him spin away from it. He somersaulted over another arrow before he heard the crunch of a leaf from behind him; he spun around to see the moon goddess with a silver knife in her hand. He felt fearless as he charged at her; Zeus looked at Percy nervously of his power. He wondered if he could actually beat his daughter. Artemis was on the edge of her throne, she couldn't lose to a twelve year old werewolf. That would be humiliating! suddenly he was struck in the back. The excruciating pain began to eat away at him and he turned to see the black haired girl walking towards him with her bow drawn, he hated princesses, he hated girls. He fell unconscious as another silver arrow was shot at his chest, it was official, destroy the hunt was on his bucket list. "Wow that was good!" Athena chirped, she loved a good book. Artemis looked at Percy smugly, he had lost. But he was too busy whispering to Thalia, she frowned before shrugging, he was a male who had gotten his butt kicked and that was all that mattered. Hermes and Apollo stated animatedly talking about what they thought would happen next, Ares was on the edge of his seat because he loved violence, and Aphrodite was staring at a slightly oblivious Percy. Zeus began making plans to destroy the wolf for his dangerousness and power, the hunt swapped ways in which was best to torture him, and Mr. D busied himself with a magazine. Athena raised her hand,"I want to read next!" She declared and Percy threw the book at her. "Go ahead." Been a bit busy, can't edit at the moment. Hello! Right so Pluto's Daughter 11 is my sister. Not even kidding. She introduced me to fanfiction and I liked her stories. She let me fix grammar/punctuation errors and showed me some Anak stories and I like both of them so presto look at where we are! I'm a year younger than she is and I'll be making a bunch of gods reads. We're both really alike. I won't take crap and she will back me up if need be. I like Anak better because...well PD11 is my sister so...yeah. So please comment! Was it funny enough? And if you don't believe that I'm her real sister well, that's your problem. SO REVIEW!