his lover. He memorized the place of Leo's prostate and slid his fingers out. He heard his pup whimper again, and his smirk turned triumphant. Nico positioned himself delicately between the wolf boy's thighs, fondling the two body parts and squeezing Leo's erection alternatively. "Oh! Please, king–!" Leo couldn't understand himself. He faintly registered his saliva dribbling past his open mouth through all the pleasure, and he couldn't understand why. He knew something was about to come out of his length but he didn't know what. He wanted something to get his mouth busy, something to make him remember how to use his body. Then, he told himself to look at Nico, the monarch he had made a deal with earlier sitting between his thighs, his cool hands touching and squeezing his erection to produce more precum. Leo pulled his head back again and elicited a long mewl of pleasure, because, in fact, Nico couldn't — didn't — wait any longer. The dark monarch held onto Leo's hips and pushed into the other's soft entrance. Even he exhaled a soft "Oh." They stopped moving, at least Nico did. Leo squirmed underneath him, wanting nothing more than to get the thing inside him back out where it came from. But the Gloom king can't have that. So he leaned forward, down, to meet the human wolf's pouty lips and with it, he made the boy busy — tongue playing with tongue, saliva being swallowed by the other, lips almost always on the move. While Leo was distracted, Nico began to move his hips. He pulled back slightly before pushing back in with force. Leo felt it, and was reminded of the thing — he understood it was Nico's — inside him. After the third thrust, Leo was confused where to focus his mind on: the pleasure from the kiss, or the pleasure from Nico's thrusts. He decided to focus on both. Leo slipped his arms around Nico's shoulders and held on tightly as they both moved from the latter's forceful thrusts. In between the kisses, Leo became more daring and intimate. His tongue was currently leading Nico's around, his body — specifically his torso — rubbed against Nico's chest to feel more skin, his legs wound around Nico's waist and his tail was wagging energetically underneath. "Mmm. Hmm– ah ! Ohh- ohhhh ! Nico!" Leo couldn't stop calling his lover's name from all the exuberant pleasure. It was the only word he could remember. Hearing his name being called, Nico almost stopped moving, almost. " Nico ," he heard Leo say again. He thrust hard, rubbed his pup's erection using a free hand, played with the other's mouth and tongue. He wanted to do more but every limb had something to do. So he thrust again, harder, his movements gaining speed as the rhythm grew tantalizingly smooth between their bodies. The wolf boy Leo groaned, moaned, and mewled at everything that was done to him, at the kisses he received, at the distracting ministrations on his lower region, at the strong force returning after every pull back. His ears remained tucked and flat against his mop of curls while his tail never stopped wagging. Leo couldn't stand it, and reaching his peak, feeling the uncomfortable rush in his abdomen — he climaxed. Nico had never felt so alive. Especially the moment when Leo climaxed; it was definitely a rare kind of way to release. Unexpectedly, as Leo came, instead of letting out a sound of pleasure, he bit Nico's shoulder and growled throatily. The Gloom King was surprised at the act, and at the same time, at the feeling of sudden pressure rush through him — as if he were also ready to release. Nico bit his lip and ignored it. He thrust back in once again, repeated it many times over until he knew he couldn't keep his climax controlled. He pulled out and released his white, sticky pleasure on the sheets. Both were panting heavily, the wolf boy lying down still clinging on to his gloom king. It was a long while of silence and Leo had no energy to let out even a word — it was his first experience in the many more along the road. Likewise, Nico was the same, although, he was quiet only because he wanted to see what his new lover would look like after love-making. As he registered in his mind the candid position, the sweaty skin, the glazed eyes, the high expression, and the wagging tail, he felt pride and a hint of smugness in himself. Leo noticed the small curve forming on the Gloom King's lips and focused his attention entirely on the form above him. With glazed, tired eyes, he asked, "What is it, king?" Nico looked down. "Nothing, pup," he said before leaning down to place a kiss on a sweaty forehead. But the wolf boy didn't believe it was nothing. "Do you feel proud that you've conquered me?" "Maybe. Maybe not, pup." "Don't call me pup, king," Leo tiredly replied. "Don't call me king, pup," Nico answered back. "Stop it." "No, pup." At this point, Nico was already lying down, spooning his human-wolf lover and ready to sleep. Leo glared at his king and suddenly straddled Nico, taking the dark royal by surprise. With no less energy than the time before they started their love-making, Leo grinned mischievously down at the Gloom King, tail wagging and ears perked up, and said, "Are you sure you do not want another serving, king?" Nico raised an amused eyebrow — although, he was still (pleasantly) surprised — and said with an undertone, "Let's see." Platinum. Anime07 - Hey guys! I made another Nico x Leo fic and I hope you liked it. I'm sorry about the OoCness. . . Leo's personality here was perfect for the flow of the story (I believe) XDD Thank you for reading! And I hope you leave a review before you go find another fanfic!