used to the light he glanced around in confusion and saw a sign that read, Welcome to Nevada! Shouldn't he of been in California? It was the entrance and exit to the underworld. The ground beneath him burnt his feet but it had nearly no affect on him at all for he was used to worse pain, he sighed, there was no one he could trust now. He didn't want to risk the safety of his mom and Paul but he was at a loss of what to do. He decided to do the most rational thing and walked forward, it was warm but not as warm as Tartarus had been much to his relief. He felt his stomach rumble and he groaned, he had lived without food for years but now that he was in the land of the living food was essential, as was water, his throat was unbelievably dry and he coughed slightly before continuing his trek down the road. Percy was surprised he wasn't dead yet, hunger and dehydration had taken it's toll on him and he was exhausted. Cars whizzed past him which he ignored since none of them looked like they were about to stop for him, but who would? A weird guy with more scars and burns then a cookie with chocolate chips just randomly walking on the road shirtless, he wasn't sticking out at all. Not to mention he was in tattered jeans that hung low on his hips and no shoes. Hades, Percy wouldn't even stop for someone like that. So he kept walking and walking and walking. Black dots danced in his vision and his legs began to wobble, his breathing got shallower and he grimaced at the pain he was feeling. Dizziness overcame him and he felt his wrist burn with unimaginable pain, the curse from Kronos, Percy had thought that would of gone away once he killed the titan..but again he was wrong. He just couldn't seem to get a break, not to mention he would have to avoid all the gods so he wouldn't be thrown in the pit again. "I can't believe you!" He groaned as his head began pounding in his skull. "Monster!" He gasped in pain, he felt as though his head was splitting open, and he had experienced that before. "Murderer!" He slowly crumpled to his knees and gripped his hair as the voices continued to scream in his head, he couldn't handle it. He heard cries of terror and realized it was himself. "I can't believe I ever loved you!" Percy was on his hands and knees as tears streamed down his face. The bright sun and hot air was beating him down as were the voices screaming in his head. He wasn't insane; insanity had tried and failed to take over him. But he knew he was broken, because a strong person would actually have the will to live, because Percy had seen so much. "I can't believe your terrible behavior Piper McLean! I'm sending you to the Wilderness school because of your numerous thefts! Do you no how bad of a reputation I'll get for this!" Tristan McLean yelled in exasperation as he clutched the wheel tightly in anger. He loved his daughter but he didn't understand the reason for her multiple thefts. Tristan and Piper had a somewhat strained relationship; ever since the actor had begun acting they became distant. He was a handsome man from the Cherokee descendent; he had a scruffy beard and sparkling brown eyes. If you paid enough attention you could see a glint of sadness in those beautiful eyes. Piper sighed as she listened to her father yell at her, he didn't seem to take a hint as to why she stole what she stole. She WANTED her father's attention, she wanted it to be like how it used to be, before her father became an actor, before he became to busy for her. She went through the drill,"Yes. Sorry. Won't happen again." But she knew she was lying, because of her father only paid attention to her when she stole and she would continue to do so until he actually spent time with her. She ignored her father's ranting and gazed out the window of their large BMW, she saw a shirtless man lying in the side of the road; he appeared to be unconscious and Piper's eyes widened. "Stop the car!" She screeched and the movie star came to an abrupt halt, Piper leaped out of the car. She didn't know what came over her, but she felt the urge to help him. She ran to him and recoiled in surprise when she saw his bare back, a crisscross of scars and burns adorned his skin and it looked gruesome. Sweat clung to his body and his raven colored hair covered his eyes. He looked to be around her age and despite his many scars he was pretty muscular. She slowly bent down and pushed the hair from his eyes, he was handsome but had a large scar on his cheek. "Dad we have to help him." Piper yelled as her father ran to them. He examined the boy with a grimace,"Yes we do, come on lets take him to the hospital." Suddenly the boy's eyes snapped open,"Don't hurt me!"He screamed and coward away, Piper looked at him in horror, he was used to the abuse. Once the boy really looked at them he scowled and stood up straight, his posture was defensive and defiant and his hands were balled into fist. Piper's eyes widened and she scrambled to her feet. Tristan regarded Percy with caution,"We won't hurt you, we're just going to take you to the hospital-" Percy just shook his head sadly before relaxing,"Doctors can't do anything for me now." Because he was to broken to be repaired. Yes I'm starting a new series! I know I know but hey I HAD TO WRITE THIS! Comment on how I did.