to be fingering Percy's tightness. He added another finger. Another gasp. "Does it hurt?" Jason asked, taking a breath before resuming to suck his lover off. Percy grabbed a shock of the blonde's hair and moaned wantonly. "N-no," he gasped, eyes shut. "Oh gods." Jason stopped sucking and kept on fingering him, enjoying the view that Percy was so generously giving him: an erect, leaking, and neglected cock as his legs were spread for Jason. His face, Jason noted, was the shade of a cherry and Jason couldn't help but smirk as he pumped his fingers in and out of him. "You like this? Do you like when I'm fingering you?" Percy gave Jason a weak death glare behind his blush, breathing heavily. "Y-yeah. Oh fuck. Jason!" he yelled. "Just fuck me already!" The son of Jupiter looked down at his friend, fingering him a little faster. "Or what?" he challenged. Jason had no idea what he was doing, but he knew that he enjoyed making his rival squirm and beg. And he was also turned on by it. Very turned on. "Or…" Percy threw his head back. "Gods, just do it already!" "Beg for it. I want you to scream my name and beg for it so everyone can hear," said Jason lustfully, to which he had no idea why. He didn't want anyone to hear them doing this . "J-Jason! Fuck me already! Fuck me hard, dammit!" "If that's what you want, Perce." He didn't hesitate to remove his fingers and unzip his jeans only to discard them somewhere on the floor away from them. Pulling down his boxers, he put his naked body over Percy's and whispered huskily in his left ear, "Unless you have lube or want me to fuck you without it, you're gonna have to suck my dick," sending shivers down Percy's body. He rubbed his own exposed member against Percy's, enjoying the friction. Gods, this is hot as hell. Percy's eyes went wide as realization hit him, his face flushing harder. "O-okay. Fine." Jason got off him and sat back, giving access for the Sea Prince to his member. Hesitantly, Percy said with wide eyes, "It's big." Jupiter's son heard him gulp and smirked, waiting for his rival. He watched as Poseidon's son got closer, closing his eyes and begin to suck. He couldn't hold back a moan as Percy bobbed up and down, sucking hard. The raven-haired teen went to the bottom of his shaft and slowly licked up, sucking on his head when he reached it. He repeated the process again, only slower the next time. He licked a vein on the underside of Jason's shaft, eliciting a moan. Shit, he's good. After a minute or so of Percy blowing Jason off, the blonde forcefully opened his eyes and saw that Percy was still hard. "You like sucking me off, don't you?" Percy stopped sucking him with a plop! and looked up, blushing heavily. "It's lubricated enough," he said. Putting a hand to Percy's chin, Jason said, "Then turn around so I can fuck you." Percy did so, and Jason teased his hole by rubbing his head against it. "Jason, hurry up!" Percy begged. "So impatient," Jupiter's son teased. He aligned his cock and slowly pushed in, causing his lover to moan loudly. Slowly going in further an inch at a time, he enjoyed the pressure from Percy's walls. "Fuck… You're so tight, Perce." He saw more and more stars the deeper he went inside. "Nng…" was all Percy could say as the blonde pushed all the way to the hilt. He pulled out slowly and thrust in a little faster once Percy was adjusted to his size. He found his rhythm, beginning to thrust faster and faster each time as Percy moaned not-at-all-too-quietly in front of him. Putting one hand on his lover's hip, he wanted to see if Percy was enjoying this as much as he was and found an erect penis leaking pre-come and began to pump it in time with his thrusts. The Sea Prince howled in pleasure, arching his back as Jason thrust harder into him. "Fuck, oh yes! Harder!" Getting close to the edge of climax, Jason suddenly came to a stop and pulled out. Dazed, Percy asked, "Wha…? Why'd you sto—" "Turn around," Jason cut him off demandingly. Percy did as he was told and got on his back, only to be picked up by the younger teen. Jason shoved him against a wall, guiding the older teen's legs to wrap around his waist and then shoved back into Percy, literally fucking him against the wall. This… Is new. As Jason thrust, Percy moaned. Jason wasn't aware of the sparks that generated around them and Percy didn't realize that the water in the fountain in the middle of the house was moving violently and sporadically. And then Percy screamed louder than he thought possible, "Fuck, Jason! Right there!" Jason had found it. He began to hit only Percy's prostate, abusing the gland inside him as Percy couldn't help but scream Jason's name in the ensuing pleasure that came. Continuing to pound into him, Jason soon found himself ready to come. Percy beat him, "I'm gonna c-come…!" Percy climaxed all over Jason and his' chest, clenching around Jason's member. Like a chain reaction, Jason soon followed, thrusting into Percy hard one last time, filling him up. Jason picked the older teen up and placed him on the ground before collapsing next to him, breathing just as heavily as Percy was. "Dammit… Jason…" Percy said in between labored breaths. "What?" "N-nothing…" There was a pause for breathing as Percy looked around the room to see that a clock read 12:04 AM. "H-happy… Birthday," he said before he passed out. Jason couldn't help but smirk right before he too passed out. A/N: Well there you have it. I'm going to be writing another chapter if enough people say I should. As always, comment and thanks for reading!