He didn't think the demigod would know how to kill a monster nor did he think the boy had a weapon. The son of Kronos shrugged innocently,"Why sir, I haven't the faintest idea, tell me, what was that?" He decided that if the fates brought him here to play the role of an innocent twelve year old he might as well brush up on his acting skills. He zoned out as Mr. Brunner talked and talked about how it was nothing and how he was hallucinating. Perseus just smiled and nodded along vacantly, he liked his other world better. "Grover how do I get home again?" Perseus asked as the two rode the bus back to school. As expected Mrs. Dodds was replaced by some random blonde chick that he didn't bother remembering. Grover frowned,"Perce you must have hit your head or something." Grover eyed his friend suspiciously; he didn't smell like a monster. Perseus decided to let his stupid nickname slide,"Or something is indeed correct." -Line Break- Perseus wasn't impressed with his home. A beat down apartment in the middle of the poor parts of Manhattan was not how he usually lived but he supposed that this is what he had now since his fate had changed. He walked in the door with his bag of useless school supplies slung over his back. The first thing he thought when he walked in was, man it stinks. Smoke and alcohol polluted the entire apartment with it's putrid smell and Percy had to fight back a gag. Well his life sucked already and he'd only been there for about two hours. "Hey loser, got any money?" A man asked, he was seated around the poker table with all of his buddies. He had a fat stomach, a scraggly beard, glasses, and yellow teeth. "Ah come on Gabe, he's just a kid." One of his friends said and Gabe merely glared at him before looking at Percy with his beady, black eyes. Perseus frowned,"Who are you calling a loser fatty? I don't have money and if I did you wouldn't get any." He snapped. He went from being a prestigious general to a poor kid who was harassed by someone or something every two seconds and he wasn't happy about it. He felt deep hatred for the fates for placing him here, he was more than content with his old life. He refused to be insulted by the obese mortal, it was demeaning and no one ever talked to him like that without paying the price. The man named Gabe stood up and stalked over to him,"What'd you say freak?" Perseus rolled his eyes,"Honestly, are you deaf too? I called you fat Mr. Hungry hippo! Talk to me like that again I'll beat your sorry fat self." He snarled and Gabe's face turned red, his friends laughed heartily at Percy's word choice making the large man angrier. "Gabe I finished the bean dip!" A sweet voice called from the kitchen. Gabe backed up slightly,"Once your mother is gone, I'm whooping the snot out of you brat." He hissed and Perseus scoffed before walking away from Gabe, he couldn't wait until his mother was gone. He'd kill that pig and...wait mother? He had never grown up with a mother before; it was only his dad who was there. He hesitantly walked into his grimy kitchen to see his mother baking cookies, home made bean dip was placed on the counter and she turned to him with a large smile on her face. She had wavy black hair, her blue eyes contrasted with her pale skin. She walked over to him and greeted him with a kiss on the cheek which made him jump away from her. He wasn't used to affection, not even his father kissed him on the cheek or head. He got pats on the back, his hair would be ruffled fondly, and his father would wrap an arm around him in a guy hug. But never, had he ever been kissed. Even on the cheek. Perseus was the son Kronos never had, he was obedient, extremely loyal, and he wasn't in the he titan's stomach. If she noticed his odd behavior she didn't ask about it,"How was school today?" She asked before retrieving the cookies from the oven. He noticed that they were blue but held his tongue at the oddness of the color. He shrugged,"I'm pretty sure I killed it today." He wasn't lying he killed it. Mouthing off to a stupid red headed brat, yelling at a monster, then killing it. It being the monster. Not to mention he schooled everyone in Greek mythology. She turned to him and smiled,"That's great Percy." He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose,"How many times do I have to tell you people? My name is Perseus." He said in annoyance. Her eyebrows raised in surprise,"Perseus? You hate being called that." He looked at her,"Mom," The name felt foreign on his tongue,"What's your full name?" He just didn't want to call her mom because it felt awkward and strange. "Sally-" "Alright Sally, I'm tired and I want to go to bed. Good night." He said coldly before walking off to his room, which was littered in beer cans. He was in a terrible mood, he was thrust out of his world and thrown into another one. He would always be Perseus, he wasn't Percy, that wasn't his real mother, Poseidon wasn't his real father, and he didn't go to school. No, he wasn't Percy Jackson. He was trapped in some other world, he cursed the fates, they stole his identity to ensure the safety of the gods and petty demigods. But unfortunately, he was part demigod too. And he hated every second of it. I KNOW! I started something else, sue me! I just had to write this out because I've been thinking about this for a while. I'm thinking about making this Thalia/Percy. Tell me what you think so far.