embarrassing! Sally just smiled and led me to the guest room. "You look very tired Kyra. How bout you get some rest now and tomorrow you tell us your story?" I was too tried to speak so I just nodded. "Call us if you need anything." She closed the door behind her and I fell onto the bed, and was gone. I dreamt of Killian. We were sitting on that bench, up on the hill, looking down over the city. It was in the middle of the night and the lights glimmered like diamonds in the distance. "I've missed you Kitty." His stupid nickname for me made me smile and blush. "I've missed you too", I heard my mouth say. It was true, I had missed him. I still did. I looked out over the city, smiling. This was one of my favourite views in the entire world. I loved it when the world turned into a game between shadow and light, making the whole world seem like it was made of pure magic. I was a romantic that way. He gently brushed his hand against my cheek and I shuddered, leaning in to the touch. I felt my heart beat fast in anticipation. He was going to kiss me. I could just feel it. I just knew. His hand left my cheek and I turned and….. screamed. It was no longer Max sitting there, but Caleb. Wet, cold, dead. I screamed and screamed and screamed and didn't even stop when Percy rattled me awake. He was holding my shoulders saying my name, telling me to calm down, but how could I? How could I calm down? Tears were running down my face, my breath was going faster and faster. A part of my brain registered that I was hyperventilating, but most of me was still in shock from my dream. It had been so real! I don't know how, but somehow they got me to calm down. Sally had come in too and it was her soothing voice that calmed me enough, to realize what was going on. I was in the house of practical strangers, screaming my head off. I was still in shock, but now I was embarrassed too. I couldn't believe I had done that. "I'm so sorry" I said, but Sally shushed me. "There's no need to be sorry. You had a bad dream, it happens to the best of us." There was a twinkle in her eye and I had to smile a little. She looked down with concern and I realized that my sloppily cleaned wound was bleeding again. "Percy. Go get the first aid kit. Did a monster do that?" She asked me and I shook my head, but it felt like a lie. A monster had done that. A monster that had once been my mother. "No." She didn't ask anymore. Percy brought the kit, looking at me uncertainly. I could tell that this was going way over his head, but was touched that he was concerned. "I'm ok. I'm sorry for waking you up." Sally dabbed at me wound. "Now I've already told you. There's no need to apologize. Percy, could you give us a second?" He nodded and left the room with one last glance at me. "Kyra, I know that as a demi-god life can be tough, I raised one after all. But I want you to know that you can trust me. You're safe here and you no longer have to carry your burdens alone." I looked into her warm and kind eyes and suddenly everything came spilling out. She just sat there and listened, gently bandaging my wound, and when done looking at me with those kind eyes. I felt a pang of jealousy. Percy was so lucky. After I was done she did something that surprised me. She hugged me. She didn't say she was sorry, she didn't pity me, she just hugged me, and I suddenly started to cry. I hadn't let myself cry in so long that it almost felt like I was doing something wrong. After a while Sally left and I slept peacefully for the rest of the night. In the morning everyone acted as if nothing had happened, and I was grateful for it. We ate breakfast together, they joked and laughed and then we were on our way. Percy had decided to bring me to camp himself, to make sure that I wouldn't die on my way. His words, not mine. My crush on him had been growing right up unto the point where he mentioned his girlfriend. Annabeth. I couldn't help but feel a little disappointed, but I instantly turned off my crush. I didn't go for guys with girlfriends. Anymore. I'd done that once and believe me, I'd learned my lesson. Finally Half-Blood hill was in front of us and pang of anxiety went through me. Would Chiron even let me in after my little outburst yesterday? Had it only been yesterday? It felt so much longer. I shouldn't have worried. He smiled broadly at me as I walked up the Big House. Percy had offered to accompany me, but I told him I knew the way. I could see that he was anxious to get to his girlfriend, plus it was the truth. After all I'd been here once before. "Welcome Kyra." He didn't say anything about my change of mind, probably because he already knew. He had this very annoying habit of knowing everything. I just nodded. I may have come, but I wasn't happy about it. This has just been my only solution. He looked at me expectantly, as if waiting for something more and then sighed. "Let's show you to your cabin shall we?" I looked up in surprise on that one. My cabin? Did he mean the Hermes cabin? " A few things have changed since you were here last Kyra. There's a cabin for your father now. It's quite nice actually."