he was a virgin? Maybe he was a super geek. Maybe... maybe his dick was super tiny. Piper sighed on the inside. Virgins, she never knew what to think of them. "That's OK." "No fucking way." "Why?" "You're the fucking hottest girl I've ever seen and you want to do it w-with me?" Nate started stuttering and looked away. "Have you looked in a mirror lately?" "I have! And I'm not 'hot' or anything." "You're kidding." "What?" Nate asked. He was genuinely confused. "You're the hottest guy anyone at this camp has ever seen. Even hotter than Percy." For a moment Nate was stunned. "Really?" "Yeah, so we gunna fuck or not?" "Well. I don't. You see. I ju-" "I'll guide you through it, ok?" "Wow. You seem so much hotter now." Piper giggled then placed her wet pussy on his mouth. "Lick," she commanded. Piper shuddered as Nate enthusiastically licked the hell out of her pussy. "Oh Nate, right... righ uhhhhh. That's so good." Nate grinned. Apparently he was doing alright. He licked for about 5 minutes, with Piper's moaning filling his ears. "Push a finger in Nate," Piper said. Nate inserted a finger into her sopping wet pussy. And wiggled it around. Piper whimpered. Nate pulled out and said "Am I doing alright?" Piper nodded with a big smile and kissed him on the lips. "Doing great. Can you go back in and finish up?" Nate nodded and pushed his face as far as could into her tight pussy and wiggled his tongue around. Piper nodded and started squeezing and rubbing her tits to increase the pleasure. When she moaned as she felt her orgasm nearing. "Nate, Naaa, uhhhhhh, Oh fuckfuckfuckfuck CUMMING CUMMING!" Piper's warm juices splashed onto Nate's face and Piper shuddered. Piper collapsed on the bed and groaned in pleasure. He's good , she thought. Pretty amazing for a virgin. "Did I do good?" Nate asked. "Perfect," Piper said with a smile. She got up and stood in front of Nate and gave him a mischevious smile. "So what's your favorite part of my body Nate?" Piper said with a grin. First, she squished her tits together and drooled all over them. Nate groaned and slipped his hands into his pants. Then she stuck a hand into her pussy and pushed it in and out slowly. Nate had to use all of his willpower not to pounce on her. Finally Piper turned around and started twerking right in front of Nate's face. That was his final straw and he grabbed her and threw her on the bed grinning. "Sorry. You were just way too sexy. I couldn't control myself any longer." He knelt over her and she squealed as his meat prodded her wet pussy front inside his boxers. "Nate give it to me, hard," Piper said, staring lustfully into his brown eyes. Slowly Nate pulled down his pants to reveal a hard 11 inch long and 3 inch thick dick. Piper gasped. He was bigger than Percy. Nate prodded her pussy with his penis and finally pushed his hips forward. Piper whimpered. He was so big inside of her. Nate hissed. Is this what it felt like? She was really tight. Nate started going faster, and faster until he was slamming into her like a machine. Foam was starting to form at the corners of Piper's mouth as she experienced heaven. He started massaging her tits and it put Piper over the edge. "Cumming." Piper whispered. Nate just hissed and kept pumping in and out of her pussy. Piper screamed as she came all over his dick. But Nate didn't stop. Drool dropped out of the corners of her mouth as Nate kept fucking her. "Mmm. Hmmm uhhhh. Skdbaksn," Piper said. Nate was still fucking her at a furious pace and Piper came over and over on his dick. By the time she was on her 7th orgasm, Nate grunted. "I think, well, I might be cumming." Piper didn't respond, but gurgled . Nate grunted as he released his load into Piper's pussy. He quickly found that he had too much cum and pulled out. After finished on her belly, he groaned and lay down on his bed, to exhausted to speak. Piper gurgled and she moaned in delight. After regaining some energy, Nate walked over to the bathroom and turned on the shower. Then he picked up Piper bridal style and carried her to the shower. "You need to wash off," he said. Nate took a sponge and gently rubbed her breasts and stomach. "Keep doing that please," Piper whispered. Nate continued for another minute until Piper said "Wanna try anal?" Nate grinned. "It would be my pleasure." Nate positioned himself for entry and then slammed his dick into Piper's ass. Piper howled in pain and gripped the shower tiles to stay standing. Nate started thrusting and soon the pain faded to be replaced by more pleasure than Piper had ever experienced. Nate's balls were slapped into her pussy and his dick and slamming in and out of her tight ass. Her tits were shaking back and forth and her hands were on the shower walls for support. After Piper came multiple times onto the shower floor, Nate groaned and released into her now much looser ass. Piper crumpled to the floor and Nate had to pick her up and dry her off. He lay her nude figure on her bunk, then gently placed a kiss on her lips. "Goodnight Piper," Nate said with a smile. As he walked away, Piper grabbed his arm to pull him back. "I think you should come sleep with me Nate," Piper said. Nate smiled. He put on a pair of underwear and went to sleep next to Piper. She snuggled up next to him and sighed in content. Yes , Nate thought. I think I'll like it here. Yay! First chapter! Did I do well? If I get five reviews I'll drop in another chapter. Cheers, PlushBear