TV and looked at Percy with a big smile. "Pewcy!" She cooed before clapping her tiny hands together. Percy smiled before lowering himself to the ground and sitting in between his siblings. He kept his wings out and began to think random thoughts as he fiddled with his shirtsleeves. He wondered what those big things that made lots of noise were; his mom always put him inside of it when they left the house. He kept forgetting what it was called. He really hopped that he got to eat some applesauce for dinner; he hated the small green stuff. They were tiny, dark green balls and they were squishy. Anytime he ate them they made him gag. He forgot what they were called too. There was a flash of light from behind the children but none noticed for they were too engrossed in the TV or their own thoughts. A man with dark wings stood there and wore a pained expression as he looked at the children of Zeus. He had gotten in big trouble with Hades and his punishment was to stay away from his family. He couldn't believe he had done that, and now he had messed up his relationship with Julie and Percy. But now he was bending the rules and watching Percy and Julie from afar to make sure they were safe. He knew Julie was getting depressed with his absence and angry, he didn't blame her, his separation from them was his entire fault and it cut him to the core. "I'm so sorry Percy." Thanatos whispered quietly so that he wouldn't draw their attention. If Hades found out he were here he would face major consequences. He wanted to hold his baby boy again, to stroke his soft face, teach him to fly, tell him stories. He knew Julie had given up on him and Percy didn't even remember him, he wanted to be a good father but now he was on this long probation because he was reckless. He was failing Percy and he was failing Julie, they lived in a trailer park and were poor because he couldn't be there to help. He had heard Julie's prayers for him to help but he had to ignore them because Hades would have his head. She had then prayed to Zeus who showed up once making Thanatos furious, Zeus had shown up and then poof, Jason was born. Zeus didn't help Julie; he had made her life more complicated by giving her another child. But Zeus had distracted the distraught woman and helped her forget about him. Thanatos ran a hand through his short, spiky hair before gritting his teeth together. He couldn't believe he had allowed himself to lose control like that and now he was paying for it. Not being able to visit his family was torture but he didn't complain because he would secretly watch them when he had time and that was almost never. He continued watching his winged son in fascination because all he could do was stare, and what he wanted to do was hold the boy to his chest and hug him. He would stay there until Julie came back, even if he was late for his job, Percy was more important to him. Percy yawned tiredly before looking at Thalia with smug smile,"Thawia! Kim Possibwe is stupid!" He declared, it was a word he had heard his mom say and it sounded fun to say. Percy's wings had gone back into his back as he conversed animatedly with Thalia. Thalia's eyes widened,"Stupid?" She asked. Percy nodded,"Yeah, stupid!" He said, proud of his new word and Thalia grinned before repeating it. "Stupid!" "Stupid! I like the word!" Percy cheered and Thalia and him kept saying it. "What..stupid?" Thalia stammered as she struggled to ask the question. Percy shrugged,"I don't know!" Thalia grinned again,"Pewcy stupid!" Percy smiled widely,"Thawia stupid!" "Jason stupid!" They said in unison before they erupted into a fit of giggles. Jason who was oblivious to it all just laid there sucking on his bottle. Thanatos watched the scene with a small smile on his lips. He heard Julie start to unlock the door and he vanished. Right when Julie walked in she heard,"Mommy stupid!" From both Percy and Thalia. "Percy and Thalia Grace! We do not use that word! That is a mean word!" She said in a warning tone and Percy's eyes widened, as did Thalia's. They both muttered apologies and all was quiet except Julie who was putting her stuff down. Percy leaned close to Thalia,"Stupid." He whispered and he and Thalia giggled mischievously. "Perseus Grace do you need to go sit in timeout!" Julie yelled from their small kitchen and Percy paled. "No!" "Then don't say stupid! Or so help me I will sit you in that corner!" She said in somewhat angrily and Percy hung his head. "Sorry mommy." He murmured and Julie chuckled softly, they may have been a handful but she loved them nonetheless. She opened the fridge and saw a six-pack of beer, she took out two before shutting it, she opened one up and began gulping it down. She just wanted to forget, the eviction papers, when she was told she was fired, when Thanatos stopped caring about her, living in this trailer park, when Zeus tricked her into having Thalia and took advantage of her when she was depressed thus making Jason. She loved her children but she found herself drinking away her sorrows when they were asleep, but she needed one now, she could have sworn that she saw a man who looked just like Thanatos. She just wanted the pain to go away. So I hated Soul Reaper's Son, this is my Recovery hence the name. I'm fixing it. I hated the first one but I think I've gotten better at writing than I was so I'm trying again. To the fans, thanks for being so patient with me over these past couple months.