changed in the last few minutes. Artemis went over to her own bed and relaxed into it, not to sleep. She was going to stay up a little longer to make sure Apollo would not wake to be sick again, or if he needed something else. A small smile began to play on her lips as she remembered their mother, Leto, caring for them when they were ill as children. Leto had always been so calm, no matter the situation, whether it be cuts and scrapes or fevers and sweat. She never seemed to worry, an admirable trait. Artemis missed her mother, and she wished for nothing more than for her to be here right now, helping her care for her brother. Artemis felt herself begin to drift off, and allowed it. It had been a long tiresome day, sleep called to her, pulling her deeper and farther away from awareness, she didn't even realize that Apollo switched again, and groaned uncomfortably. She was out in a matter of minutes. ….. Artemis woke late the next morning, much later than she usually would, and the change of lighting in the tent made it hard to register the time. Instead of standing and waking up fully, she went for just blinking and moving her head around, absorbing the tents condition. Seeing that nothing was out of place she let hers eyes drift over to the cot on which she had last seen Apollo sleep. Apollo was not on the cot, but on the ground beside it. He had put his shoes on, and was now sitting on the ground holding a half of a sandwich as Thalia chatted away from her seat beside him. He wasn't eating the sandwich, she noticed, just picking at it. He looked a bit better this morning. He wasn't sweating from what she could tell, and enough color had returned to his face that he actually looked like a person, and not a mannequin that you would see in a clothing store with their pale plastic faces. Artemis stretched and sat up, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "Morning." Apollo said. His voice was still raspy, but better none the less. She smiled back at him and stood, stretched again, before going over and seating herself on Apollo's other side, giving Thalia a kind smile. He offered her his sandwich half, but she waved it away. "Do you not like it?" Thalia asked looking between Apollo and the sandwich. "No- its fine. I'm just not that hungry," He held it out to Thalia, "Do you want it?" "Yeah." Thalia accepted the sandwich and sank her teeth into it. Gathering her things, she stood and said, "I will give you two time." "Thanks Thalia." Apollo said gratefully. Thalia smiled, "No problem. Have a good morning." Thalia exited my tent, munching away on her sandwich. "So what were you guys talking about?" Artemis asked Apollo curiously. Artemis knew that of all the hunters Thalia was the only one who really enjoyed Apollo's visits (even though he had scared the living hell out of her the first time they met), not that the other entirely disliked him, and she knew that Apollo and Thalia had a lot of the same interests, but it still made her slightly uncomfortable when they were alone for unknown amounts of time. It wasn't that Artemis didn't trust her brother, but Apollo was aware of the sexual effect he had on women, and more than once he had used such knowledge to seduce them into a bed. "Nothing really. I went to raise the chariot this morning, got that done, and I ran into Thalia on the way back. We walked and talked, she was really interested in the chariot actually, I had no idea how much she knew about cars. But, yeah, we came back, she made sandwiches and we just kinda chilled out in here." He reached up and rubbed his eye. "Okay," Artemis said slowly, processing the information she had just received, "Do you feel any better this morning? You look better." "Yeah, I feel a lot better. Still nauseous though, and a little tired. My shift's over, I'll probably head back to Olympus in a bit, catch some more shut eye." Apollo leaned his head against the edge of the cot. Artemis could see the darker skin beneath his eyes, which could easily lead to full blown circles if he didn't rest more, and the arrogance was gone, in Apollo the loss of arrogance could indicate that something was up. "Hey Arty?" "Hmm?" "Thank you." Artemis frowned, "For what?" "Taking care of me," Apollo said, looking at her, "I felt horrible." Artemis smiled, "That's good." Apollo gave her a funny look, and she laughed, "No, you feeling horrible isn't good, definitely not good, I meant that you came for help." He frowned, "I didn't come for help, you made me." "Fine, maybe I did, but Apollo if you need anything, anything at all, you can come here." Artemis said. She was still slightly upset that Apollo had been under the impression that she didn't care for him. "…..Okay," Apollo spoke with a small smile, "Imma go." He pulled her in for a side hug and pressed a fond kiss to her forehead. Using the side of the cot, he pulled himself up, zipped his jacket, and left with a wave. Artemis stayed sitting beside the cot, just staring at the tent opening. She could not remember the last time Apollo had hugged her, or kissed her forehead for that matter. They had to have been children when he did, because the memory was either nonexistent or extremely hard to find….. Whatever it made smile, and that smile stayed glued to her face all day long. And the next day, and the next, and the next. But her smile streak came to an abrupt stop when Apollo burnt all the tents supports as a joke. Then she chased him with shoe.