hated fighting. I hated the idea of me screaming at someone who could possibly kick me out of the house. "I'm not lying." I tried to keep my voice as calm as possible. "Why would you think I was lying? If anything, Molly's the liar!" Athena sucked her teeth. "Oh! So Molly's the liar? Then why would she tell me you slapped her?" I stood there in shock. Would Molly really stoop that low? "I didn't!" I exclaimed, maybe a little bit too hysterically. "Molly's a liar I swear." My mom stuck up her nose, like she smelt something foul. "That's enough Annabeth! Now you know you're flying up to LA with her! I want you to be extremely nice and no slapping." "But... I didn't..." Athena flipped her long blonde hair. "Any funny business with your sister, and that will be taken away from you." She was pointing at my phone. Literally the only thing that kept me sane in this mad house. So Molly really had the balls to tell mom that I supposedly "slapped" her? Complete bullshit. I debated whether or not to argue with my mom for longer, but it was completely useless. She'd end up doing something worse than taking my phone away; she'd beat me. In a defeated manner I carried myself and my bag up to my room. I could just run away right now. I could. I could just walk right out the front door and just dump all my nasty family members behind. I'd probably miss my brothers, but I knew they wouldn't miss me. Molly would throw a party probably, and my mom, and I know her well enough to know she would do this, would bless the lord that her prayers were answered. The only thing that stopped me from running away was my dad. My dad that I don't see enough to deal with my mom and Molly. My father, Fredrick Chase, worked for an a million dollar company. Want to know what company is? Disney. I wasn't as embarrassed back than with the idea of my dad working with people who created Beauty and the Beast and Cinderella, two of my favorite movies, but now it killed me to tell anyone what my dad does for a living. I got harassed on a daily in the tenth grade for it, getting beat up after school and the cheerleaders writing nasty things and putting them in my locker. I still had nightmares about it. But my dad was my hero. He told me to never give up more dreams, and that when bad things happen to good people, it's only because they grow stronger as people. I loved it whenever he told me that quote. I think it was a quote from some Disney movie, but I didn't care. Even though I only see my dad once a week, he's still better than all of my other family members put together. I actually want to see my dad now. I was angry because I thought I'd have to spend all my summer with Molly, but now maybe I could spend it with my dad. I rolled over in my bed and looked up the ceiling. There was a poster of Dylan Sprouse right above me, and I know it sounds corny, but I wish I could just meet him one dad. I've had a crush on him ever since I saw him in an Adam Sandler movie. Or maybe that was his brother? Oh who cares? Since it was mid-June, my room usually got stuffy around this time. I didn't have an air conditioner or a fan, so I got stuck opening up the window. It didn't really help. It was hotter outside than inside. I gazed out the window. There wasn't much to look at in my neighborhood except the street light and the occasional people walking in the road. Nothing too exciting. People make a hype about California but... It's all just superficial. Did you come to California to become famous? Well, it's not going to happen. Everyone's fake, and I'm sure everyone in LA is just as much of a poser as people out here in San Diego are. Tonight the sky was filled with more stars than I expected, all gleaming in the pitch black. I rolled up my office chair to look at them and saw some familiar constellations. Like the big dipper and Orion the hunter. I remember laying with my dad on the roof and all we would look out there was gaze at the stars. He taught me everything I needed to know. About the constellations of course. My dad taught me about the zodiac constellations, and of course the ones from Greek Mythology. Those were great times. Suddenly, something moved in the distance. I leaned forward. There was something... Moving! I looked a little closer. Is that... A shooting star. Now way. Shooting stars were just myths made up so people's dreams could "come true." It might as well be a satellite. But as I looked at the... Whatever it was more, I saw that it wasn't going the normal speed that a satellite would. Five seconds later and I realized that that had to be a shooting star! It just had to be! I watched a little longer as it shot faster through the sky, I was wasting time. I stood up and leaned outside the window. Closing my eyes, I breathed in the summer heat and wished for the one thing that I've always wanted. Yup... So that's chapter one. I wonder what Annabeth's wish was? I guess it would stupid of me to already say it... Never mind. Anyway, I hope you guys liked it. I feel like it was a bit rushed, try and give me some nice criticism, would you? There's more character development and stuff with Molly and another character who I guess you all know is coming. Thanks for reading:) Please review.