to catch you, and to also not drop you in the first place. Besides, I'll keep an eye on you. Now let's go to your house. Just tell the eagle where to go, like a GPS." I climbed on and grabbed a couple feathers, then loosened my grip when the eagle shrieked. I grabbed my box when Percy handed it to me, then placed my deck inside and held it shut with a death grip. I've been collecting these cards for years, I'm not parting with so much as a Triple Star Trion! After Percy and Jake got on, I told the eagle my address. With a bit of occasional correction, we reached my home. "OK, this should only take a few minutes!" I went upstairs and emptied out my school backpack, then began placing things I thought, or knew I needed. I left the iPad, since it was given to me by the school and they could track me with it, but grabbed both my DSs, both chargers, and the blue pouch I kept my games in. Next was my wallet, notebooks, paper, scissors, writing utensils and glue sticks, a couple sketches I made for welding and a few other essentials. I glanced at the box of paper soldiers I had cut out and made over they years, then gritted my teeth and looked away. No way I could take them. I also grabbed my locket, telling myself to see if any of the Haphaestus kids could mend the busted link, and some spare clothes. I was good to go! I went downstairs. "Almost ready. Just one more stop up the hill." I ran past them, and made my way up to the trailer there. I went to what would be my room once it was finished, and began filling an extra bag I'd grabbed with essentials already there. I jumped and whirled, scissors in hand, when Percy cleared his throat behind me. "I would say you're an Athena kid, given how many books you're grabbing, but you said your mom was the mortal parent. This is gonna be a tough one, huh? Unless you're a legacy." "No idea. I love water and swimming, but I get the feeling we aren't siblings, and I doubt your dad broke the rule twice, so that's out. I'm as musical as a hippo drowning in quicksand, no medical skills, and a terrible shot, so Apollo is out. Bad at thievery, so bye bye Hermes. I can be kinda reckless and aggressive, but I can't be an Ares kid, since other than earlier the only actual fight I've been in I took a dive. I hate people drinking, and have no desire to turn you into a dolphin, so Dionysus is out. No way I'm a Zeus kid, too fond of the sea and water. Also I, awful with machinery, so, unfortunately, Hephaestus is off that list. Unless I'm a backwards demigod, I'm either a legacy or a minor god's kid." After I finished, Percy shook his head and muttered about how I had to be an Athena legacy after all that. What? I'm just using my head. We got on the eagle, then Percy and Jake both offered to hold some of my stuff during the trip. I gave them each a few things, then glared at Jake. I've been told I'm good at giving a very evil eye, and I used that. I warned him that if I had even a mild suspicion he had eaten something of mine, I'd skin him and paint his hide gold, and Camp Jupiter would have its own Golden Fleece. He gulped and nodded. It was about and hour before we arrived. I got off the eagle and stretched, sighing as several loud cracks sounded from my spine. Much better! I turned to Percy and grabbed my things. "Welcome to Camp Jupiter!" He pointed to the city, and I had to swallow a not so small amount of awe. The book description didn't begin to cover how spectacular this place was! I noticed a small group heading our way. It wasn't too hard to identify most of them, thanks to the book descriptions. Reyna was at the front, Frank to her right and just behind her, talking to Hazel. Behind them came Jason and Annabeth. OK, I am feeling a severe case of being star struck coming on right now. Percy was hard enough to believe, but all of them too? Just, wow. "Is this the new kid, Seaweed Brain?" I chuckled as Annabeth came forward and looked at me, which shut me up real quick. Felt like those gray eyes could see straight through me... "Yeah. No doubt. He was at a card tournament. His last opponent turned out to be a Laistrygonian who was a sore loser. I might try that game myself, it looked fun. But Annabeth, I'm pretty sure he's an Athena legacy. His mom is definitely mortal he says, but look at the stuff he packed, plus the way he used his head to figure out who he couldn't be a child of." "Percy, I get the feeling I'm not a legacy. Anyway, I'd rather find out what weapon I get. And which cohort, if I, staying here. So many other things too!" I'm pretty sure Annabeth rolled her eyes, but she grinned a bit. Wish I was this entertaining on purpose. "He has a point. We will learn his parent eventually. For now, he needs to begin training." I looked at Reyna as she continued. "Come along, your time at Camp Jupiter begins!" She turned and started walking towards the camp, and the others followed suit. I took a deep breath and started to follow. This was gonna be amazing! So, what did you all think? Good, I hope. So, anyone who wants to, suggest OCs, and remember that I need details! Until next time, please review! Otherwise, how can I know what I do wrong and fix it?