that now littered this strangers body. The knife and bullet scars. Every story of how those scars came to be engraved in my body was burned into my mind. I looked up and meet the eyes of the person that stood in front of me. No one knew of the scars. No one knew of what happened there. All they know is that I was kidnapped, in-prisoned, then found. That was all they needed to know. No one needed to know of the scars, the stories that they held. No one needed to know of the tremors. The fact that more scars littered my back as well was unknown to all. No one knew anything about the man that was under the invisible mask that was now permanently on my face. I sighed as I went back to my room and got a light grey T-shirt out of my draws. I slipped it on as I headed over to my nightstand to where my iPhone 5s lay. I picked up my phone to check the time. 2:56pm. I sighed as I put my phone down only seconds before the phone lit up with a buzz. I frowned slightly as I pick it back up, clicking the home button as to see who sent the text. Mum: Hi sweaty. How are you? Are you settling in ok? Just wanted to tell you that your father and I have decided to move back to our mansion in New York to be with you. We all miss you, Tyson more so. Your little brother barely got enough time to say hi to you before you packed up and left again. Anyway, see you in two months! Love you! Xxxx -Mum. I clenched my jaw as I finished reading the text. I love my family and all, but I don't want them anywhere near this. Near what I am going to do. Speaking of which, I decide to forget about that text for a bit and go and get set up. I placed my phone in my back pocket, then picked up the bag that contained many hidden treasures, many hidden fears, then grabbed my jacket that was resting on the top of the draws and headed for the door. ~0~0~0~ The doorman didn't question me as I exited the stairway and headed out the main doors, but I did receive an odd look, which I just ignored. The cold air hit me like a train. Of course it was nothing compared to the weather on the Russian Island, but it still hit hard. I turned left and started my way through the busy streets of New York. My motorbike wouldn't be delivered here from Seaford until later today, so I had to do walk for now, which didn't bother me at all. I continued my fast walk, until I stopped outside a small building that once belonged to my Grandmother, but was then given to my family when she past away. I entered the now deserted cafe with a small 'ding' that always signalled my Grandma that someone was here. I headed to the back where the kitchen was located. I then proceeded to open the freezer door and head in. I found this place when I was only 10 and it was obvious that I was the only one who knew it was there. It seemed that even my grandma didn't know it was there. I moved a rack that once contained frozen goods and placed it on the opposite wall. The absence of the rack revealed a door that matched the colour of the wall, making it nearly invisible. I grabbed the handle as I then opened the door, at the same time reminding myself to put a code-lock on the door. I walked down the two sets of metal stairs until I ended up in a good size room that was covered in dust. I dropped my bag lightly as I continued to gaze at the old room. "Well, time to get started," I murmured to myself. ~0~0~0~ I stared at the now fully equiped room. It consisted of two steel tables with a computer on both. To the left of that was a Salmon ladder and a bunch of different training dummies. To the right, was a table that consisted of all my weapons -knives, guns, blades, my bo-staff- with a respected place for all of them. Then behind the two steel tables was another table. But this one contained the mask that I would be seen behind. The hood that I would be seen under. And the clothes that I would be seen in. It's time that someone started to right the wrongs of this city, to make it a place worth living in again. I sighed contently as I continued to gaze at the room. I then headed over and grabbed my bo-staff before I then removed my shirt to start training. After all, I need to be fit if I want to make a good first impression... Did you like it? And again, I know that this is very similar to the show Arrow and I know that. But I just love that show so much that I couldn't help bringing little bits in. Ok, big bits in but still... :) Anyway, so if you could please leave all of your comments about me copying Arrow un mentioned because I already know. And also, I guess your wondering when Kickin' It is gonna come in apart from the small mention of Seaford. Well don't worry, becasue when Percy goes to school he will meet a lot of his mates from PJO and Kickin' It. (SPOILER ALERT: Jack and Jason become his friends.) Anyway, hope you enjoyed! Please comment and review. And I would also appreciate constructive criticism and not flames. Thank you! I have big plans for this story, so please comment and review to urge me to write more! Thanks! Have a good day! :)