Then she continues. "As for who I am. I am Athena. Goddess of..." "Wisdom." I interrupt with my mouth hanging half open. "War strategy, arts..." "Courage, mathematics, etc etc. That's how I reacted and those were her words back to me." Dad says. I'm stunned for a second. "For a son of the goddess of wisdom my grades sure wouldn't let you know it." Dad half smiles. "JoJo. There's more to it than that." "What do you mean?" "We are getting to that." Mom says. Then they continue. "But...that's just a Myth." Dad says to Athena. "Made up to give us a story to tell." She smiles. "I assure you. I, as well as the others, are very real. You just need to know where to look." "Where will our brother fit in?" Ten year old Billy asked. She looks at him. Her eyes seemed to be smiling. "He will fit into the personalities of my other sons and daughters." "Wait." She looks at dad. "Are you saying..." Dad has to stop to process. "That my son is..." He looks at mom then back to Athena. "Going to be half god?" "What?" Mom says. Athena has a gleeful smile and nods. "I am." "But. That's not possible." Mom says. "I assure you it is." She says. Dad shakes his head. "No. Hold on. First of all, my wife is the one who's having my baby." He glares at her. "So how..." "As you know I don't conceive the same way most do since I am a maiden goddess." She says as if that was simple to guess that being this type of goddess makes her not allowed to be with other men, just attraction to give children in an unique way. Dad of course nods because he knows everything there is to know about stuff like this. "But in your situation it was more complicated." "How is this more complicated than anything else!" Mom half yells. "You're crazy you know that?" "Becky!" Dad yells. "Goddess over here." "How are you believing this nonsense Jordan?" Before dad can answer Athena raises her hand, quieting them. "I swear on the River Styx that I am telling no lies." Mom raises an eyebrow. "River what?" "It's a river from the Underworld." Dad says. "Of course you would know that." Then she looks back to Athena. "Prove yourself and explain what you mean by complicated." Athena is quiet for a second. Then starts. "When I find someone worthy enough to care for my child I leave them with a single male. Considering your sacrifice and that you were married, I had to make an exception." She watches them. "The baby is very much yours. I did not interfere in that way." They both had a relieved expression when they heard this. "But I did, however, leave a piece of myself with your son. This will make him half mine." I could imagine how their faces were when they found out. Because I'm sure mine looked exactly the same when I heard this. "I...I didn't even know that was possible." Dad says. "I teach Greek Mythology and that has never been included in the textbooks." "Is that really what you are worried about!" Mom yells at him. "She made our son half magical and you're worried about how she did it? Is your head screwed on right!" Athena raises both her hands to calm down the argument that was starting up. "I didn't mean to make this hard for you. I just wished to repay the reward you earned. But what's done is done. We have things to discuss." She gets into detail about how being a demigod will either have me born with ADHD or Dyslexia, sometimes both. Apparently being ADHD is part of being on guard and ready to fight for battle. This scared them of course. Having Dyslexia is because my brain is wired to read Greek, not English. Which explains why my grades aren't the greatest for someone who should be smart coming from this specific god. From there she explained that attacks from mystical monsters would happen because they are after me. Now they have the choice to wait till I'm thirteen before my godly scent gets to its full strength for the monsters to notice. Or she could take me after I'm born to a camp she explained would be safer for me. That would give them the choice to erase memories from family members and friends so they don't have to explain what happened to me after birth. She said that if they wished to give me away she could wipe the memory from them as well to keep the pain away. As you know they declined that offer, thinking that she had to be pulling their legs. Now a year earlier than expected I was shipped away to this camp to stay protected and my godly mother is Athena, one of the greatest gods throughout time. How am I worthy to be her son? I was pretty hyped up now. If I had ADHD like other demigods I probably would have been able to fly. Or is that only if you're the kid of Zeus? My point is, I felt like I could do just about anything. Telling someone with an imagination like mine that they are half god can really get you going. I was ready to fight that monster that ambushed us that's for sure. But I must say. Finding out I'm a demigod took me by surprise for a minute, but then it didn't seem so bad. I mean getting attacked by a monster that pretended to be human was for sure scary. But knowing that I was magical was pretty sweet. Who else can say that they have a god as their parent? Well...ok, other demigods can but how many can there actually be? Little did I know there could be a lot of them. This is going to be an interesting lifestyle.