down and got to work looking over his injuries. He had a broken arm, three cuts on his side and was covered in fresh bruises. All in all, not in bad condition. I set the bone in his arm and he gasped in pain. He was still unconscious but he writhed in pain. I splinted the arm and moved on to the gashes in his side. Each were about half an inch wide and three inches long. Apparently when Tartarus had swiped at Nico he hadn't missed like I previously thought. I cleansed the wounds and rubbed them with nectar. They started healing slowly as I wrapped a bandage around his middle. I couldn't do much for the bruises. I had been so concentrated on fixing Nico I hadn't realized I was crying. Now that there was nothing left to do I simply broke down. I cried at his bed side until I myself passed out. Chapter 27 Nico POV -Two years later- "I told you they would go all out if you let them organize the wedding, but noooo. No one listens to me." Will said playfully as we sat at the table after the wedding dinner. The wedding planner had quit, do to the fact that Piper and Hazel had kept up a constant stream of tips to make the wedding a little more us. She had finally snapped and told them, "well if you think you two can do a better job, then here. I'm outta here." she had shoved all her notes and the wedding planner into their arms and stormed off. So after that I just had them do it. And to be honest, it came out quite well. They had picked a purple color scheme to go with my ring. They also organized the reception, dinner and after party. Everyone was now out dancing on the dance floor like crazy people. We had had our first dance as a married couple earlier in the evening. Of course, at Will's suggestion, we had danced to "You Make Me Smile". "You know," I said slyly, "we could always get out of her and start the honeymoon early." He practically jumped me. We had our bags already packed. I grabbed his hand and took him over to the house where they were. As soon as we had hold of them I shadow traveled us away. We popped out of the shadows at the side of our hotel. I pulled him in and set our bags in front of the counter. The girl at the computer looked up and a smile broke across her face. She was starting at Will. "Hi! How may I help you." she asked enthusiastically. I didn't like her. Will smiled and said, "Hi, I booked a room earlier this month." "Name?" "Solace." she started typing. She got a little frown on her face but quickly masked it with a smile. "honeymoon suite. Your wife is a very lucky woman." ok, now I was irritated. I stepped up to Will and put my arm through his and looked her dead in the eye. "Well husband, more accurately. But you're right. I am very lucky." her face became horrified. "oh, I- I didn't mean- I just assumed- I'm so sorry!" she blushed deeply and handed me a key card. "room 248. Enjoy your stay." she said and ducked behind her computer. A bellhop walk forward and took our bags. Ten minutes later we were standing in our room looking out over Hawaii. Yes, I said Hawaii. Will always took me to places I likes so I thought I should return the favor. So now we're in Hawaii and it is beautiful. Will sighs and leans on the railing on the balcony. "this place is gorgeous. I never thought I'd get the chance to come here. And now I'm staying here with my husband." he pulled me into a hug. I leaned into his body and closed my eyes. I was content to stand there forever. But to be honest, I needed a shower and some unicorn drought. "I'll be right back. Go lay down on the bed." I leaned in and kissed him. I walked into the room and went to the bathroom, grabbing my emergency bag on the way. I pulled out the little cantin of drought and took a few swigs. I instantly felt better. I took a quick shower and tucked the towel around my waist. I walked out of the bathroom and found Will facing away from me. I silently walked up behind him and quickly pinned him to the bed. He yelped in surprise and turned towards me. I kissed him long and deep. "what was that for?" he asked mystified. I laughed. "For being my husband. Do I need any other reason." I kissed him again and whispered in his ear, "time to start the honeymoon." Chapter 28 Nico POV -three years later- "Well! Here we go!" Will said excitedly. And excited he was. This was the day he was coming home with us. I was pretty excited myself. We were at the 'New Opportunities adoption center' and we were about to go home with our now official baby boy. The nurse came out with a bundle of blankets. In the middle I could see the little guy sleeping softly. She handed me the bundle and I cradled him carefully. He opened his pretty purple blue eyes and smiled at me. He had light brown hair that stuck out at odd angles. As I looked down at my son, I couldn't help but think about the one who had allowed me to be here holding one of the joys in my life. He had saved my life and lost his in return. I shed a tear as I thought of him. I leaned down and kissed his forehead softly. "let's go home, Thomas." I whispered gently. I took Thomas out of the building and to the car. THE END