poor Nancy at the gift shop. Huh, thank god I took some money with me. But, apparently that wasn"t the plan. I followed her deeper into the museum. When I finally cought up to her, we were back at the Greek and Roman section. Except for us, the gallery was empty. Mrs. Dodds stood with her arms crossed in front of a big marble frieze of the Greek gods. She was making a weird noise in her throat, like growling. It sounded like a big, angry dog, and I speak from experience, believe me. Even without the noise, I would've been nervous. It's weird being alone with a teacher, especially Mrs. Dodds. Something about the way she looked at the frieze, as if she wanted to pulverize it… "You've been giving us problems, honey," she said. I did the safe thing. I said, "Yes, ma'am." She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket. "Did you really think you could get away withit?" The look in her eyes was beyond mad. It was evil. If you looked carefully, you could also see pure torture in them, madness. Not a new thing, I thought. Only one look at her and everybody can see she's evil, right? I said, "I'll try harder ma'am." Thunder shook the building. "We are no fools, Cordelia Jackson," Mrs. Dodds said. "It was only a matter of time before we found out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." I didn't know what she was talking about. And the fact that she used my full name didn't help the matters. All I could think was that the teachers must've found out that it was me who pulled the prank at Dylan Stream. No, I thought. Susane was accused for that one. Oh, maybe she finally has enough evidence now that I stuck the gum on Mr. Bones shoes and that it was because of that he fell and broke his leg. Or maby they'd realized I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the Internet without ever reading the book and now were going to take away my grade. Or worse, they were going to make me read the book. I gulped at the thought. Nobody can be that evil now, right ? That's pure torture for a poor, adorable dyslexic kid. "Well?" she demanded. "Ma'am, I don't…" "Your time is up," she hissed. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. She wasn't human. She was a shriveled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me to ribbons. Then things got even stranger. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Cori!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me. With a yelp, I dodged and felt talons slash the air next to my ear. I snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword-Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds spun toward me with a murderous look in her eyes. My knees were jelly, but I quickly pulled myself together. She snarled, "Die, honey!" And she flew straight at me. Absolute terror ran through my body. I did the only thing that came naturally: I swung the sword. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she were made of water. Hisss! Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching me. I was alone. There was a ballpoint pen in my hand. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody was there but me. Ookay, I thought. This was….strange. Had I imagined the whole thing? I don't know. I went back outside. It had started to rain. Nancy Bobofit was still standing where I left her, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw me, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." I said, "Who?" "Our teacher . Duh!" I blinked. We had no teacher named Mrs. Kerr. I asked Nancy what she was talking about. She just rolled her eyes and walked away. Thunder boomed overhead. I saw Mr. Brunner sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book as if he'd never moved. I went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future Miss Jackson." I handed Mr. Brunner his pen. I hadn't even realized I was still holding it. "Sir," I said, "where's Mrs. Dodds?" He stared at me blankly. "Who?" "The other chaperone. Mrs. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher." He frowned and sat forward, looking mildy concerned. "Cori, there is no Mrs. Doddson this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling all right?" "Yeah," I said, "I'm fine. Just a bit tired from the trip." And I left without saying another word. I headed towards Grover. I asked him where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But he paused first, and he wouldn't look at me. So, I knew he was lying. I just did. The whole school could fool me with that, but Grover couldn't. Maby it was because he was a really bad liar or he was my best friend, but one thing was clear in my head: Something had happened inside the museum, and I'm going to find out what it was.