I also want to catch up with my sisters I haven't spoken to them before" she smiled at him and quickly ran off not knowing why she had done so but wanted to get out of the arena before she felt anything else that made her stomach turn and twist. Antheia had found her sisters great company unlike Zeus, Hera shared the same opinion of Zeus as her but seemed to have a crush on him due to his position and looks something Antheia would never stoop to, Demeter and Antheia talked about the effects the war had on the landscape of Thessaly and had both agreed that it needed to be fixed something they both could work together to help happen. Out of all the siblings Hestia was by far her favourite she was extremely friendly and they would walk around Olympus together just chatting about their experiences going as far as their birthing and to growing up. She realised that their father might not have been the best for them but he really did care for her, he was paranoid about losing his power it wasn't the father figure she knew. Prophecies can do that to people and it was clear that his fall was due to the prophecy his mother had bestowed upon him. "Hestia you know that when Typhon comes you will be needed you are very powerful sister and I could do with the help, we can't the boys take all the credit can we?" she said with a smirk on her face and Hestia wrapped her arm around her shoulder and began laughing. They walked through the wide streets and eventually got to marketplace where an aroma of scents with new perfumes, foods and spices hung over the marketplace and filling the lungs of the two Goddesses. Antheia and Hestia both breathed out and slowly inhaled air through their noses and began walking around purchasing various items. Hestia walked around looking for a certain sea god to help him buy a gift for Antheia; they both liked each other but were too oblivious to each other's feelings she saw it in the arena the way they looked nervously at each other, the way Poseidon stared at her. She was making this happen, her brother deserved better than the arranged marriage to Oceanus' daughter Amphitrite to keep peace between the two thus keeping him out of the titan war. Now picking out a gift that she would accept and love was going to be challenging she seemed hard to calculate when you were with her only letting out bits of personal information. "What would she like? I have no idea when it comes to buying gifts especially for females" Poseidon said while letting out a huge sigh meaning he was already bored of walking around looking at the wares in the marketplace. Hestia started thinking about ideas when popped into her head. "What about a bow? I haven't seen her with one and maybe you could get her a nice custom made one from the Cyclopes" she said calmly whilst smiling at her brother and he suddenly perked up. "I'll go to the their forges now thanks Hestia" he said at a million miles per hour and then disappeared in a flash, at that time Antheia came around the corner with a bag full of food Hestia gave her a questioning look but she just pouted. "I eat a lot of food ok, Gods!" she exclaimed flailing her hands to which Hestia started laughing uncontrollably. "Ok why are we really here? It wasn't just for food shopping? What are you planning big sister" Antheia asked with uncertainty. Hestia put an innocent smile on her face whilst shuffling around on her feet like a ballroom dancer. "Nothing little sister, what else would you like to do on Olympus?" She asked still smiling but trying to avert suspicious gaze from the intrigued Goddess. Antheia gave up and reluctantly followed Hestia around the marketplace before retiring to her palace as she didn't have one, was she an Olympian? Personally she thought she was more of a titan but with her family imprisoned or reforming the only family she had were her siblings and her mother that she still didn't entirely trust. "Typhon is the strongest child of Gaea and will most certainly be a strong adversary, I'm not sure if he can be stopped by you Olympians. My father and family might have stood a chance but the odds are against you, I have heard just looking at him can terrify the bravest person" she admitted though she had seen Typhon rising from his slumber, he was slow but he was certainly big an enemy the size of the heavens and the power of all the titans combined but with her control over all elements and her brothers to support they might just win. Several Months later Zeus had married a titaness called Metis who he had devoured under a prophecy that a son of hers would overthrow him, several weeks after the devouring he had persuaded Hera to have a son with him who had birthed Hephaestus who was made God of the Forges, when he was born Zeus had a huge headache and called forth Hephaestus to crack a hole in his head so he could examine it. When he cracked his head he was revealed with a new daughter who he promptly named Athena and pronounced Goddess of Wisdom. He instantly took a liking to his daughter; he made it clear that she was his favourite child which infuriated Hera beyond words who was forced to look upon Zeus' child. After two weeks she was sixteen years old a bellow could be heard in the distance signalling the threat that all the Olympians feared, Typhon. What do you think? I don't mind people's opinion just no flames please. Reviews are loved and if you could follow and favourite it would mean a lot to me!