Archery Club." I replied. It's true; I had an eye for archery since I was born! I always wanted to join the Olympics and do archery; it was the only thing I am good at. Since I am dyslexic, I can't do many things, unless I try to conquer over the dyslexic part of me. Bella mastered that part a bit, but I have a feeling that I can't. As I was walking with Chiron, I looked over to my right to see a cabin. The top part of the cabin said something in Greek, but I understood it perfectly, it said "APOLLO". I never really knew any Greek words, heck, I don't even know any! But it seems I can understand it. "Is anything wrong Aaron?" Chiron asked. "No, I am just fine." I said; I didn't want him to worry about the whole Greek thing so I decided to keep it to myself. I just wonder, is that normal? I mean, I never really know much Greek, when I looked at the plaque of the cabin, it looked like perfect English! And due to my dyslexia, my reading skills are not that good. 000000000 Chiron showed me around for a bit and then I went back to the infirmary to check on Bella but, she wasn't there. I wonder where she went; she really shouldn't be leaving the infirmary without being healed fully. I walk out of the infirmary and headed over to the archery area, I don't know about you but, I really badly want to shoot an apple off of someone's head! Before starting, I waited for the other campers to leave. I pick up an arrow, making sure that no one sees me and I aim the arrow at the target then shoot, WHOOSH! The arrow soars through the air and BAM! It hits the target. "You're pretty good, you know that?" said a voice. I quickly jump back, turn around and hide the bow and arrow behind my back. Then I see a dude with some horns on his head and goat feet. Then I tried to explain. "I-I am s-sorry! I really didn't mean to try the archery area without asking! It looked so tempting to try! I just was tem-" "Its fine, you don't have to ask to train. But you should really have some armor on before you do something stupid and hurt yourself." Said the goat dude. I look down at my feet, then I notice his, he's a satyr. "The name's Grover, who are you?" Grover asked. "My name is Aaron, Aaron Holt. I'm the new camper, well, one of the new campers." I replied. "You know, you seem like Apollo's kid, you are good at archery, you seem like a cool dude, and you don't look to bad, you actually look like Apollo himself. But, not as handsome as me." Grover teased. "You really think that I could be the Son of Apollo?" I asked. It could be true, I mean, I'm good at archery, and I like poems, so it has to fit! "Well, I think so, but you have to be claimed in order to make it official. But, I'm sure you'll be claimed soon." Grover explained. So you have to be claimed? It's like claiming something you lost from the Lost and Found at school. Well then, that sounds interesting… Ok I want this to be a SYOT. So PM me your demigod! REMEMBER: PM ME YOUR DEMIGOD! Don't review, PM! Keep reading for the demigod form, I will give you an example with one of the main characters, Bella. Just to be fair, Bella is NOT my OC, I just made a main character out of random and I won't be having an OC in this story. Please no other children of the Big Three or any Titans, just please don't do that. Example Form: BASIC- Name: Bella Ross (This will change later) Demigod Parent: Poseidon Foster Parent: Brenda Ross Age: 14 Birthday: March 26, 1999 Birthstone: Aquamarine Crush (Other OC/None): (I'm not sure yet) Friends: (Other OC or None): Aaron Holt OUTER APPERENCE- Hair Color/Length/Style: Dark Brunette, mid back, either out or tied up Eyes: gray with a hint of sea green Build: Average size Height: 5'4" Normal Clothes: Gray Tank top, dark blue jeans, brown combat boots, black fingerless gloves, purple half jacket(the clothing not the glasses) Formal Clothes: A strapless blue and sea green dress that reaches to the knees and flows out (Like a spring dress) Black flats and a blue coat (You know, like the cardigans that are silky and have no buttons). Her hair is curled and tied to the side, held by a blue flower clip and wears an aquamarine necklace (her birthstone) given to by her real mother who she does not know. . Sleepwear: a blue tank top and gray sweatpants OTHER- Background Story: Bella was taken in from the orphanage at the age of 3 by Brenda Ross, a woman who is never home and doesn't even know Bella is even there. She wishes she knew her real parents but all she has of them is a necklace with a real aquamarine gemstone. Bella attends Yancy Academy, her fifth school. She is best friends with Aaron Holt, a student at Yancy. At Yancy, she loves her Ancient History class taught by Mr. Bruner and also that is the only class that she has an A+ in. After school that day, she figures out that she is the daughter of Poseidon and possible sister of Percy Jackson. Likes: swimming, hanging out with her friends, and staying at camp. Dislikes: heights, bugs, and tuna sandwiches. Empty Form: BASIC- Name: Demigod Parent: Foster Parent: Age: Birthday: Birthstone: Crush (Other OC/None): Friends: (Other OC or None): OUTER APPERENCE- Hair Color/Length/Style: Eyes: Build: Height: Normal Clothes: Formal Clothes: Sleepwear: OTHER- Background Story: Likes: Dislikes: 00000 So make sure you send in your OCs! I am excited to write this!