It didn't rhyme or seem to fit in with the rest of the prophecy, Like somebody slapped it on at the end." Jason said. Annabeth pulled out a laptop and started tying keys clacking. "It's coordinates for a mountain called Mt St Helens. That's the volcano you made erupt wasn't it Percy?" "Oh yeah! One of Hephaestus's forges right?" "But why would this be the place we have to go to restore the mist?" Annabeth asked. Surprisingly it was Nico who answered "Hades mountain." "What?" Annabeth asked "Wishes don't come true in death's land no longer hidden, forgotten." He recited "Hades Mountain is referred to as the land of death. That mountain holds a lot more secrets than just a forge. " "I've never heard of Hades Mountain." Annabeth said looking a little offended that Nico knew something she didn't. "No you wouldn't have. I only know because I've heard the dead whispering about it. The story is that you can travel to it from the underworld and if you can make it up from the bottom you'll be brought back to life. Of course no one's ever done it so we don't know but it's said to be the heart of death and also in some instances magic." "So where is Hades Mountain?" Leo asked "That way." Nico said pointing to the west. "Real helpful thanks Nico." Leo said rolling his eyes. He just shrugged "I can feel it. I always have, it was the strongest when I was in the labyrinth all those years ago. If I stopped paying attention for even a second I find myself heading there." He shivered and muttered "I hate the feeling that place gives me." "What feeling?" Jason asked. "Evil, pure evil. Worse than Tartarus. It's as I said before that mountain holds a lot more secrets than a forge. There are secrets buried there that came before the gods, even before the primordial Chaos who they say created this world no one can sense it besides my father and me. Though I suppose Chaos knows it's there and so does Tartarus." "Why doesn't your dad tell anyone." I asked. "Nobody will believe him. The gods really don't want another war. Nobody believed that Kronos was back until the last possible moment." "This is bad." Leo groaned. "We barely defeated Gaea! We can't defeat something like that!" "Hopefully it won't come to that." Nico said "Everybody just has to be careful and we'll be fine. It's slept since the beginning of the world. There's no reason why it should wake up now." Leo gave a nod but he still looked worried. "Now everyone go pack! This isn't something we can do anything about right now." Chiron yelled you have a big quest ahead of you. The seven chosen headed off to their cabins while the rest went to their usual activities. Annabeth followed me to my cabin plopping down on an empty bunk and watching me go through the stuff I'd kept here during the year. I pulled out a blue fleece hoodie. "So that's where this went!" I said slipping it over my arms and zipping it up. There was a knock and I turned to see Nico standing in the doorway. "Um hi Percy." "Hi Nico, wanna come in?" He eyed Annabeth nervously then shook his head "I just wanted to thank you for saving my life." "Oh I didn't do anything it was Apollo that saved you." "Shut up and accept my thanks Percy." "Oh okay, you're welcome I guess." I said with a smile. Nico blushed and turned away. What was up with that boy, always blushing? He started to walk away but then turned back "What I don't understand is how Apollo knew, I mean gods are pretty busy how did he notice one worthless son of Hades." "Well I kinda prayed cause' I thought you might die and yeah…" "Oh thanks." He said twisting his skull ring around his finger. He turned to leave and I called after him "You're not worthless you know." "Thanks Percy." He sounded so genuine that I wanted to grab him and hug him. I watched him leave then turned to Annabeth who was sitting there with the look of accomplishment she wore whenever she figured out a puzzle. "What's that look for?" "I want to break up with you Percy." "That wasn't the answer I was expecting." I said with a laugh. She smiled and patted the spot beside her "Let's talk." I sat down and looked her in the eyes. I'd always liked her eyes you could see how brilliant she really was when you looked at them. You could see the pain and the happiness, the good times, the sunshine, memories but the feeling I used to feel was gone. I knew in that moment that we were standing on the brink of something though I wasn't sure what. "You don't seem very upset for someone who just got dumped." "You don't seem very upset for someone who just dumped someone." She laughed "that's true I suppose." "So are you gonna tell me why I'm being dumped?" "I guess I could say it's because I don't love you anymore but that's not true because I do, more than anyone but I just…" "Don't love me in that way?" She nodded "at first I was worried you'd be hurt but after seeing you the other day I was pretty sure you felt the same way." "I do but I didn't realize you felt that way too." "That's because you're stupid seaweed brain." "Thanks." I said sarcastically. She laughed and I hugged her. "Romantic love is overrated" I said into her shoulder "People break up and then it's over but love like this, whatever it is that our love has become is beautiful and something tells me it'll last forever." "you've got that right. And plus there's somebody who loves you a lot and I think you love them too."