staring up at the god in disbelief, he could not believe that this way happening. He had served Olympus loyally for hundreds of years in this position and now they were getting rid of him. He looked over at his father who was staring at him with a sad smile on his face. "I-Is this true, father?" He muttered. Poseidon only nodded slightly, before speaking. "Think of this as a new beginning. We appreciate what you have done for us, but it is not needed any longer." Perseus took another step back before looking down at the ground. He was being kicked off of Olympus. He continued thinking, his thoughts running rampant. He had no clue where he would go, or what he would do. After all, he had not been down in the mortal world for hundreds of years, so he had no clue what it would look like. Zeus looked down at the distraught immortal one more time before speaking, "You are dismissed." Perseus looked up at him for another second before nodding and slowly walking away. Hestia stared at the boy sadly, but did not move. As Perseus reached the doors, he felt a hand grab his shoulder. Turning around, he saw his father standing there with a grim smile on his face. "I am sorry Perseus. You have done a great thing of these years, but it is no longer needed. Only demigods use the elevator now, and we have the other man at the bottom holding onto the key to Olympus at all times. We no longer need anyone to guard this side of the entrance." He saw the disappointment in his father's eyes. He had accomplished nothing. He was a failure, and he acknowledged it completely. Perseus' only response was a slow nod before turning around and walking out of the throne room. His thoughts were running rampant. On one hand, he was devastated. He had held this position with honor for centuries. Back when he had first received it he would fight off any monster that had tried to climb the mountain and attack the grand city. But the monsters had not been able to that for hundreds, if not tens of years now. But on the other hand, he was actually excited. He had always had a small dream to go and explore the mortal world, since he had only been able to for a short time before receiving the position. While guarding the entrance he had only been able to get the occasional glance of the world below by looking over the edge of Olympus. Now he would be able to see it for himself. Finally, he reached the elevator, and pressed the button that he had seen so many others press before him. After waiting for a few minutes, the doors finally opened with a small beep. He slowly stepped into the elevator before looking at the buttons on the inside. Clicking on the only button that was in the elevator, he watched the doors close in front of him, sealing his fate. Perseus was in shock. He had never seen anything like this. It was around dusk when he left the elevator. He was stunned when he finally walked outside. Buildings towered above him, looking like they reach the clouds. Tall poles, with what he could only guess were lanterns were placed all over the place, providing light. He wandered aimlessly, easily getting lost within the first ten minutes of being down in the mortal town. He watched as people walked around him, tapping little boxes they held that seemed to produce light. He recalled Hermes having one earlier in the day, but he did not know what it was. Also, as he walked, a bunch of what seemed to be some new type of chariot without horses would race by, at speeds he had never seen before. As he continued to walk, the amount of people that surrounded him got smaller and smaller until it was only him on the road. He eventually found himself watching a squirrel eat out of what seemed to be a metal barrel of trash. A loud bark then interrupted his thoughts. Turning away from the squirrel he noticed what looked to be a small pup barking at him from across the road. He had not realized it until now, but he realized that the solid gray material on the ground must be some form of new road. He looked at the puppy one more time before stepping out onto the road. As he was making his way over to the small animal a loud noise startled him. As he turned his head to look, he felt a sharp pain in his side before he heard a large snap. He felt himself get thrown before landing painfully on the ground. As he landed, his head slammed into the pavement, causing him to see stars before he rolled a few times before coming to a stop. As he laid there groaning in pain, he heard what he thought were footsteps getting closer to him. He continued to stare up at the sky, his vision slowly dimming, when he felt someone place a hand on his shoulder. "H-Hey! Are you okay?" He tilted his head slightly, and as he felt himself losing consciousness, the last thing he saw, was a pair of beautiful kaleidoscope eyes. Alrighty, How did you guys like the chapter? This story is a collab between PurplePirateofProcrastination and I. So definitely check out his stories if you haven't already. Anyways, we are going to alternate chapters, so the next one will be written by him. So let me know how I did. :) This story has a ton of promise, so I hope you guys are looking forward for future chapters as much as I am! Also, as you have seen... Another Percy/Piper story, my favorite pairing, lol. And like always, please leave a review, for they always make my day. :D