friends didn't sleep together, but you wouldn't see him complaining. They had moments, of course, but the majority of their time together was spent either in working on one of Leo's machines, checking on Reyna's injuries, playing fetch with Festus outside in an underpopulated area or watching Spanish television shows. Friend stuff. But they were more than friends. When he had told her about his past, they were both sitting up in bed, leaning against the wall which was behind their pillows. Reyna had held his hand and leaned against his shoulder. I'm there for you. She had then told her about her own past and Leo wondered how she was still able to function in society. With growing horror he had listened to her story. When she had told him "They were pirates, Leo. They were drunk half the time and I was just a small defenseless girl. They did things to me." Leo thought his knuckles would tear with the sheer intensity he was clenching his fist in. It was then he realized that Reyna was crying. Snaking an arm around her he pulled her to his chest and let her sob against it. It's gonna be alright. I'm here for you. Later she had revealed that after escaping the ship, she couldn't handle making contact with people she didn't trust. It took Leo a while to actually connect the dots. So there they were, sometimes friends, sometimes something more. Leo felt confused even just thinking about their relationship, but all he knew that it was something good. But he should have known good things never last. -O-O-O- Gods, it was painful . Another sorrow-laden sob left her as she hunched over in her cabin. No one was there right now; all of them were out doors. Good. She didn't want any of them to see her like this. She didn't want their surprise at seeing her so broken up over a guy that left her. She didn't want their sympathy. She just wanted to be alone. "Hello Drew." Wonderful, she just had to think that, didn't she? Idly she wondered if she got more sarcastic when she was crying, but it wasn't the time. She wiped her tears to look up at her visitor. Aphrodite was there in all her glory and splendour. A blood red dress hugged her curves and showed off her long shapely legs. Her blonde hair was done up perfectly, they flowed down past her shoulders like a waterfall. Lipstick covered her sensuous lips. Blue eyes that could easily snare the hearts of men were drawn together in worry. Compared to her mother, Drew was a wreck. Her eyes were red and puffy. Mascara ran down in rivulets due to the tears. Right now she was ugly, everything a daughter of Aphrodite should never be. "What do you want?" Ouch. That was harsh. The words had literally tumbled out of her mouth before she could even comprehend them. Her mother did not seem to take offense to them. Aphrodite walked over to the bed and sat down next to Drew, running a hand down Drew's long black hair. "I just want you to be happy, Drew. I know Malcolm meant a lot to you but you are a daughter of Aphrodite. You don't pine after boys. Boys pine after yo-" "I don't want to be a daughter of Aphrodite anymore!" Aphrodite did not say anything, simply trying to be comforting to her daughter as she vented. "I'm tired of having meaningless relationship after meaningless relationship. I just want something special. I want someone who makes me feel special. Who likes me because of me, not because of my body. I want someone who makes me happy. Someone who I can spend the rest of my life with." Drew broke down into sobs again as Aphrodite quietly tried to soothe her daughter. Drew should have felt glad that her mum had actually visited her. Not many of the demigods could say with certainty that they had met their parents, but right now Drew didn't care about it. She just wanted to cry and cry until she was too exhausted to cry anymore. "Love is a terrible thing." Aphrodite quietly mumbled "Yet, everyone wants it. It can break the minds of men, make them do the most horrible of things yet they chase after it. They think that after finding love they will be happy, but not all of them are. Some live a life regretting the things they did in their pursuit of love. Do you really want the same fate upon yourself?" Drew didn't reply just buried her face into her knees as she hugged them tighter. Aphrodite gave a sigh and stood up. "Even though I know you are my daughter, I cannot tell you who your soul-mate is. But I can tell you how to find him." Saying so, she rummaged through her purse and pulled out a piece of paper on which she quickly wrote something and left it next to Drew. Giving her daughter one last look, Aphrodite turned and walked out of the cabin. An hour later, when Drew was too exhausted to feel anything, her hands found the paper and she read it. It was the name of a demigod she knew. Beneath it, a series of numbers were written in her mother's flowery writing. Pulling out her phone, she quickly dialled in the number and texted him, before collapsing on her bed, a small smile playing on her face. -O-O-O- Drew Tanaka: Valdez, I still haven't seen you without your shirt. Don't you know it's rude to keep a girl waiting? So that's that. There will be another chapter coming up so... stay tuned? (That sounded waaay too corny for my tastes) I've already planned out the next chapter, but I wanna see what you people think will happen next. So if you want to, you can leave a review. Just saying. Hope you enjoyed. -ProdigyPsycho