in awful agony. His eyes glowed, and the throne room began to shake. Percy was thrown to the floor, as Luke glowed brighter and brighter, the sheer power gaining intensity until it felt like the very air was about to go on fire— The energy around the demigod exploded outwards in a terrible release of force, an earthquake of arcane force compressed into a few feet. The power of the Titan scattered out in the seismic blast, expelling from Luke's body in rippling golden rings as he crumpled onto the ground. Hestia raised a hand as he hit the floor, and everything shifted into slow-motion. "To everyone else, this moment was almost instantaneous," she told me. "We gods, however, are able to experience time more slowly when necessary. I did so here." I heard movement behind us, and glanced around to see another Hestia emerge from the hearth. She ignored us, and stepped forward to watch the rings of power flying from Luke grow thicker and thicker. The explosion moved faster and faster, until finally a wall of power that reached right up to the cathedral-like ceiling burst from the demigod. He was raised a few feet into the air, then settled on the ground, as we were surrounded by golden light. Impenetrable, bright golden power, all around the two Hestia and me, blinding me. It exerted a physical, burning pressure, and my vision blurred as dizziness started to overwhelm me. And then, in an instant, the light was replaced by hundreds, thousands of flickering images. All around us and above us, like a 360-degree cinema screen, countless pictures flashed before us in a storm of colour and movement. I stared around, unable to absorb the onslaught of visual information, caught in a sphere of unending data. "These were all images of the future," Hestia said quietly, as her past self stared at everything, somehow taking it all in at once. "They cascaded through the hole in time, pouring into my mind in an instant. Many of them have already come to pass." I didn't recognise any of it at first, but judging from how many of them showed battles with terrible, huge beings, I guessed they were of the Giant War. Then the flickering windows into the future started to show me , as detailed images of every significant mythological event I'd been involved in flashed before us. The whole story played out, showing my whole story, all the way up to my last argument at camp— Right then, Hestia made an grasping gesture with her right hand, and the entire vision was snuffed out like a candle disappearing in a flurry of snow. I blinked. We were back in my room. "I'm sorry to cut things off like that," Hestia told me, picking up the obsidian stone, "but I can show you no more. As I said, I can't reveal anything about your future." I restrained myself from saying something sarcastic. Of course, it would be just too easy to find out the end of the story. Then I wouldn't get to enjoy the fun of suffering, worrying and trying not to die. "So you saw all that?" I said instead. "In a sense," Hestia replied. "In fact, I had a vision of the wars with the giants and with Tartarus that was even more complex and compressed than what I just showed you. What you saw there is a close approximation. Your mortal mind would be incapable of comprehending the true nature of what I experienced." "Gee, thanks," I muttered. I sat in silence, staring at the floor. I wasn't feeling any particular emotion, just the empty tiredness that accompanies an excessive amount of new information. It was all too much to take in. The idea that Hestia had seen across time itself and learned of the future was pretty staggering on its own. That she'd seen so much of my fate, and subsequently visited my parents because of that vision, was even more— Wait a minute. "Hold on," I said, looking up at her. "You saw all that when Kronos was destroyed. But that was, what? Four years ago? My parents said that they were visited before I was born." I leaned towards her, frowning. "How is that possible?" Hestia looked unsurprised by my question. "I conferred with my fellow senior gods as soon as I had the opportunity. The walls of time were very fragile for some time after Kronos's defeat, and a great deal of residual Titanic power remained in the throne room of the gods even after he was gone. Zeus and I agreed that it was necessary to take advantage of those circumstances to influence the course of future events. Once the demigods had left Olympus, I was dispatched across the time stream to place my blessing on you." She paused, looking away from me guiltily. "However, I had to do more. I went beyond my remit, and sent myself further back, to communicate some of what I knew to your parents. Perhaps it was a mistake, but I knew it was the right thing." I thought I'd used up my disbelief quota for the day, but it turned out I was just getting started. "You travelled through time ?" "You mortals have such a fixed understanding of the fourth dimension," she shrugged. "Time is not so different from the other three. One can move up or down in time, just as one can move up or down in space. The problem is actually overcoming the way all beings are intrinsically bound to forward progression through time. That requires the correct circumstances and a significant amount of power, which were freely available in the aftermath of Kronos's defeat." I shook my head. It was no wonder I'd never managed to work out this stuff by myself. Magic visions? Almost omniscient comprehension of the future? Time-travel? Who would have ever seen this coming? "Well," I muttered. "Things can't get much crazier than this."