reina , that has to be the greatest joke I've ever heard you say!" She blushed, laughing herself before turning her attention back to the table. Something shifted in her mood, however, and he noticed the smile disappear as she fidgeted in the chair. She glanced at the bottle, but seemed to think better of it, and turned her gaze to Leo. He was about to ask what was wrong when she sat up straight with a determined look on her face. "I have a confession to make," she blurted out, and before he could say anything she continued. "I...didn't just come here because I needed to get cleaned up or anything like that," she said, waving her hand in the air. "I had planned to come visit you the whole time." Mierda … Leo opened his mouth to speak but Reyna, uncharacteristically, kept talking. By the Gods, she was a chatty drunk. "I just, I had wanted to talk to you and spend some time with you. Not…just because I wanted advice on what I should do after the legion, because I actually already decided to resign, but because I do enjoy spending time with you." She fiddled with the sleeve of her purple t-shirt, not meeting his eyes. His heart was racing, and he could barely wrap his head around the fact that Reyna the Scary Praetor actually enjoyed spending time with him, Leo the Repair Boy (Man?). He didn't have time to think about it much before she started talking again. "And the truth is, the few times we've seen each other in the last few years have really...stayed with me. I honestly haven't been able to get you out of my mind, and after so long of trying to convince myself it was just because I wanted to be friends, after seeing you here and talking to you face-to-face, I'm starting to think it might not just be friendship that I've been wanting." Leo's fingertips burst into flames. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. Reyna, this beautiful woman in front of him, the one who had always acted so above everything, especially him, was admitting she might like him? His heart was pounding in his ears, and he could barely hear her over the rushing sound of blood. He was itching to just get up and take her in his arms and… "You see, this whole time I've convinced myself that there was no way you were ready for a relationship again," she said, oblivious to the fire that had erupted briefly in his hands or the stricken look on his face. She was talking faster now, gesturing wildly, as if she couldn't keep her words in. "And anytime I asked Jason or Piper or Hazel or anyone how you were doing after Calypso, they would all just say you were doing better, which could have meant anything! So I thought you wouldn't be ready, and let's be honest, there was no way I could even compare to Calypso. She was immortal and beautiful and perfect and I'm just-" " Ay, dios mio, mi reina , just-" he mumbled as he leapt out of his chair. In two strides he was standing right beside her, pulled her up to stand flush against him, and cut her off by pressing his lips firmly against hers. It was like fire, but unlike any fire Leo had ever known or could create. The warmth of her lips traveled through him like ink in water, and his arms of their own accord wrapped around her. One arm tightened low around her waist and the other traveled up, until his hand was ensnared in her damp, dark curls. He pressed her closer to him, and close as he could get her with clothes on, and a shudder ran through him as her arms went up around his neck, her hands tangling in his hair. He felt her tongue cautiously press against his lips, and he eagerly responded in kind, deepening the kiss and moaning into her mouth. His entire body felt electric, and while it could have been the tequila, he had a feeling it was all due to the sensation of having this woman in his arms after all the years of wanting her there. At last, they broke apart, gasping for air, but stayed close, arms still wrapped around each other. Leo brought his hand up, thumb tracing her jawline, and pressed his forehead gently against hers, keeping her bruise in mind. Reyna gazed up at him, eyes happy and face flushed. " ¿En serio? " " Por supuesto, mi reina ," he said, grinning as he pressed his lips to hers once more. Mierda , he wanted to hold her like this everyday. Eventually, they broke apart again, and Reyna laughed as she looked up at him. "What?," he asked as she laughed harder and covered her mouth with her hand. "The glitter!," she managed to get out before succumbing to another laughing fit. He chuckled, and reached over to pick up the toaster on the counter. His reflection, though distorted, revealed a smear of glitter surrounding his mouth, chin, and parts of his neck. "Agh, this is gonna take a while to get off. Though, it'll probably take you a thousand times longer." Reyna looked down at herself in dismay. "Party Ponies," she gritted out between clenched teeth. Leo grinned at her. "First, let me get you some nectar to help these bruises along," he said, running his fingers along her hairline. "And then, you're welcome to take as long of a shower as you need to get all of this shiny crap off." Reyna gave him a grateful smile, before stepping closer and resting her hands on his chest. "And...after?" He let his arms wrap around her waist. "After that, mi reina , we've got all the time your pretty little corazón desires." Leo grinned as Reyna laughed and pulled him in for another kiss.