He was so glad he decided to keep his shirt on instead of shedding it like he usually did before napping. He mirrored Will's stance, squaring his shoulders to appear taller. "Since when?" He grumbled. "Since we decided it yesterday. You forgot, didn't you?" He did. "No I didn't. I accidentally fell asleep, there's a difference." Will scoffed and rolled his eyes. "You still stood me up, Nico." Nico fought off the sudden flush that threatened to appear on his cheeks. They way he said it, he made it sound like it had been a...date. Guilt poked him in the gut, he looked away, uncomfortable with the reprimand and the look of disappointment that hovered in Will's eyes. He rubbed at the back of his neck, an annoying nervous habit, and shuffled in place. "I'm sorry, I really didn't mean to," he really hadn't, "we can still go, if you want." Will pursed his lips and studied him through narrowed eyes for a moment. Nico struggled with the urge to squirm or use his powers to create a crack in the ground beneath them large enough to fall into. Preferably forever. "Fine. But you probably should put some pants on first." Will smirked, his eyes flicked down Nico's body briefly, then back up, the blue irises sparkling with amusement. Confused by such a random statement, Nico looked down at himself. He felt the color drain from his face, then return in a rush of lava that made his face redder than one of Apollos sacred cows. He hadn't shed his shirt, but he had kicked off his pants. "I'll meet you there, hurry up." Will tossed over his shoulder, already jogging away. Nico stood like a statue in the doorway of his cabin, petrified, mortified, but then a group of campers passed by and gave him funny looks and he quickly slammed his door. He pressed his back against it, clutching at the frame in a defensive stance, on fire from the neck up. He contemplated escaping while he had the chance, shadow traveling to the Himalayas where he could stick his head in the snow until he froze to death. But instead he quickly grabbed his pants off the floor and pulled them on hastily, a steady string of curses leaving his mouth through the entire process. He practically stomped his way to the beach, a black storm cloud in tow, his fellow half bloods parting like the Red Sea around him, giving the son of Hades a wide berth. He found Will near the water, sitting cross legged in the sand, shaping what appeared to be a miniature Parthenon. He looked right at home in the sunshine, wearing a light blue t-shirt and khaki shorts, his flip flops discarded beside him. Nico knew he could feel him approach, but he didn't look up or acknowledge his presence until he sat down next to him, legs pulled up under his chin, and glared out across the water. "Nice of you to join me, Mr. Doom and Gloom." "Glad to be here, Hasselhoff." Will snorted. "I don't even like to swim." "You don't have to to be on Baywatch." "Is there a compliment somewhere in there?" His columns were crumbling, he quickly gathered more sand to save them. "More like I'm stereotyping you." "What's my stereotype?" "Tall, blonde, tan, good looks." "You think I'm good looking?" "I think your Parthenon sucks." Will leaned back to admire his work, and shrugged. "Well Rome wasn't built in a day." "Nope." And with that, Nico reached over and knocked it over with his arm, scattering sand across Will's legs. The son of Apollo glared at him, but it didn't have any real heat behind it. Nico felt his lips twitch into an almost grin. Will stretched his legs out in front of them, not bothering to brush off the sand, and reclined back with his arms behind him for support. A group of Ares and Hermes kids were playing volleyball in the distance, Will watched them dive and shout and brawl for a moment, and Nico couldn't stop himself from taking the opportunity to stare. He felt like a moth, drawn to the neon signs in the window of a gas station corner store on a dark night. He just couldn't help it. And he hated himself for it. "You've been avoiding me." Nico tensed. "What makes you think that? I avoid everyone." He shrugged. "I'm not just anyone." Nico swallowed thickly, not having a response to that. Because it was true. Will wasn't just anyone, and that's why he had been avoiding him. He'd been avoiding him like the plague, because he didn't want to be wrong. Their eyes for just a moment, and Nico sees something in the other boys gaze that he can't explain, but it's gone before he can try. "Whatever you say. Sollace. I'm here now, aren't I?" He muttered, face pinkening as Will laughed. "Fair enough." Eager to steer the attention away from himself, he says the first thing he can think of that would distract the son of Apollo. "Your mom still on your case about college?" It works, he smirks as Will groans and throws a handful of sand into the water. The sun is beginning to set, the beach is relatively empty now, washed blue in the fall of dusk, but Nico doesn't want to be anywhere else but here. "Don't even get me started." If they be two, they are two so As stiff twin compasses are two; Thy soul, the fixed foot, makes no show To move, but doth, if the other do. And though it in the center sit, Yet when the other far doth roam, It leans and hearkens after it, And grows erect, as that comes home. -John Dunne . . . It's weeks later that everything starts to fall to pieces. He should've left when he had a chance. . . . AN: Please read and Review! ~Prosto