step forward, raising her dagger. "I won't let you do this. Either of you. I trusted you once, but those days are over." Fighting broke out. Thalia clashed blades with another quest member and kicked her legs out from underneath her. She slashed at the girl's shoulder and was about to stab downward when someone screamed. Too familiar. Too terrifying. Blood. So much blood. No. No. She refused to believe her eyes. The Ophiotaurus was dead. Annabeth had killed it with a clean slice of her dagger. Annabeth, who had collapsed on the sidewalk, clutching her stomach. Her Camp Half-Blood shirt was stained dark red. One of their allies stood over her, and Thalia snapped, hurtling her spear at the victorious half-blood. She heard shrieking, and the last gasps of a little girl who had given her life to protect Olympus. I did this for you , Thalia screamed. You can't… So much worse for the world. Because now she much less to lose. Three years for their forces to regroup after Annabeth's death. Thalia and Luke had nearly killed each other in the aftermath, their shouting matches giving way to sword on spear. Both of their blood had spilled on the floor before they were dragged apart, grief-stricken and broken-hearted. Sacrificing the creature had been Plan A. Plan B was really no more than a hazy fog. Meanwhile, reports came in of a son of Poseidon who had arrived at camp. The gods had latched onto him as the savior of Olympus, more so as she turned seventeen. Then eighteen. Nineteen... Thalia had had her chance to remake the world. She came so close – and now the blood of a child could never be forgotten. Waking up screaming in the night, collapsing during the day – her world was crumbling apart bit by bit, so the only thing she could do was lash out at it. Tear Olympus down brick by brick. "He chose me because you failed!" Luke shouted. "You had your chance to destroy Olympus and you weren't quick enough. Why would he ever want to use you again? You're unreliable." "You always wanted to believe you were better than me," she spat back. "For a while I thought – but you're a selfish bastard, Luke. Kronos may have chosen you, but did you ever think it's because he has no other use for you? I'm the leader, you're just…a Titan's vessel." Luke slammed his sword into the ground, breathing heavily. "If you weren't part of this army," he hissed, "you wouldn't stand a chance." "Because you'd kill me?" she snapped back. "I'd like to see you try." He clenched his hands around the hilt for a heartbeat before storming out of the room. War. War like she'd never seen. Slicing down demigods as fast as they could. Red spilling onto the streets. The golden light of Kronos's eyes, maniac and cruel. For a better world. For a new world. The taste of the words was bitter in her mouth, but Thalia has nothing left to fight for. The darkness had rooted too deeply inside, broken her to the core. Twenty-one years old, and she'd never had a normal life. She was shattered, but she was unstoppable. Ferocious and deadly. They were tearing apart Olympus, breaking glass, throwing stones apart, shredding gorgeous gardens into piles of weeds and leaves. She was burning, running to the point of exhaustion. This was all she existed for. Percy Jackson came with his friends, and she tried her hardest, fought with all the dirtiest tricks she had. Someone swept her off her feet and stabbed her in the side. Her vision slipped in and out of focus, the thoughts whirling around in her head slowing down. Through the haze of pain she was shocked into reality. "No…" Thalia murmured. "He'll destroy…" But it was too late for her. Who knew what Kronos or Luke would do, if Percy would save or destroy Olympus after all? The last thing she saw was Percy's sword skid through a fissure in the throne room. To her shock, he drew a very familiar looking Celestial bronze knife. Then gray. Then black. She was thrust back into reality after years of swirling dreams, years of lives that never got lived. The memories disappeared, too confused and muddled to be held in a simple human mind. Hovering between life and death was the only time she knew what could have been. After the Battle of Manhattan, Thalia Grace sat on one of the few benches on Olympus that hadn't been overturned. She heard Lady Artemis approach and closed her eyes briefly. Her crutches were propped up nearby. "If you're going to ask how I'm feeling…" Thalia sighed. "I know this day wasn't easy for you. Aside from the statue falling" Artemis slid onto the bench beside her, and Thalia shifted uncomfortably. "I'm sorry," she whispered. "Don't be. We all lose old friends. We all have things we wished we could have said. What's important is to move forward, not constantly dwell on the past." Thalia dug her nails into her palms. "This would never have happened if…" She swallowed. "If?" Artemis prompted. "If I hadn't been turned into a tree that day," she sighed. "I could have seen this coming, I could have stopped him before so many died. If I had been around…" Artemis rested a gentle hand on her arm. "My brave lieutenant. The world is more complicated than we realize. The Fates can be cruel, but they can also be kind. You have no power to know what the future would have been. We can only hurt ourselves by wishing." For years to come, Thalia Grace would admire the fact that although Athena was the wisdom goddess, Artemis knew what advice was the most important. The yarn was tangled, too many paths ended in tragedy. Perhaps they would have had a chance. But in the end, fate was spun out of their favor.