eyes, and Reyna finds herself inextricably drawn to her. As if sensing Reyna's reaction, Piper reaches her arms above her head and the trail tattoos that starts at her hip and disappears into the waistband of her leather pants reveals itself easily. "Staring, really?" Piper laughs. "Well, then, that's good to know." "I'm not staring," says Reyna firmly, "I'm just…I…I like tattoos." "Bet you're wondering where they lead." Reyna folds her arms across her chest. "Pretty sure I know." "Pretty sure you WANT to know." Reyna moves to disagree, but someone knocks into her and she stumbles against the wall next to Piper. They're close enough that, if Piper lowered her arm, she'd be able to wrap it around Reyna's shoulders and drag her in for a kiss. It's both too close and not close enough, and this sudden revelation sends Reyna reeling. She's not gay. She's not into girls. Or, at least, she hadn't been back the last time she had a boyfriend, which was when she was fourteen. There's something sparking in the back of her mind, something that maybe wouldn't have been there had Reyna been drinking, even though it's only been one, telling her that, nope, this girl is a whole new category. Anything Reyna had been into before this night is now irrelevant. So she takes the chance as says fuck it to her parents and her sister and everyone else that ever dubbed her the goody two shoes girl next door. "Maybe I do," says Reyna, and she shifts just close enough to make the move that invites Piper to make The Move, and Piper makes it. Their lips meet and it's like lightning striking through Reyna as Piper grips at her hips through Reyna's thin, flowy shirt. She dressed to get laid tonight and she'll be damned if it doesn't work. It looks like it might. Though, of course, it's in a situation Reyna never could have planned if her life depended on it. "Come on," says Piper as she breaks away from Reyna's lips, "there's some dude staring at us and I really don't want to have to kick anyone in the nads tonight." She lets this girl with the crazy hair and the fuck-it-all attitude drag her somewhere in the frat house. She would bet Piper has no idea where anything is this place, either. They knock on a door, and what they hear in response is a high pitched girl's voice gasping and panting, "In a-a minute," followed by a pleased scream of some guy's name. "Sounds like Devon's doing a good job," comments Piper, and Reyna chuckles. They finally find an empty room – it's a bathroom, but beggars can't be choosers – and Piper pushes Reyna up against the door. Desire floods through Reyna as her heart pounds, and she's waiting – just waiting painfully – for Piper to do something. "Staring, really?" Reyna asks, flashing back to earlier than night. Piper smirks and looks Reyna up and down, lingering at where her shirt catches at her breasts and falls gently. "Why the hell wouldn't I?" That's when Reyna surges forward and kisses Piper hard. There's something slightly gnawing at the back of Reyna's mind while Piper's hands move all over her, one in her hair and one gripping at her waist, her hips, her ass, her back, telling her that, hello, Reyna, you like dudes, what are you doing. The rest of her mind is going, if a girl can do this to you, you fucking let her do it as long as she goddamned well pleases. Reyna is fully aware that that part of her mind is the part that's going to win. Piper pulls away from Reyna's lips for a moment, and then Reyna realizes it's because someone's been knocking on the bathroom door for the past few seconds. "I really need to go," says a girl's voice, "like, really bad, are you almost done?" "Are we almost done?" asks Piper. "No fucking way," says a voice that totally wasn't Reyna's but, yep, was Reyna's. "Good." Piper grabs Reyna's hand and physically drags her out into the hallway, bypassing the stunned-looking girl who was just looking to pee and barreling through the dance floor to make it to the door. Some guy yells, "fuck yes, lesbians!" at the two of them, but before Reyna can shout something back at him, Piper's kicked him in the nads and called him a "misogynist fuckless toolbucket" and Reyna's not sure she can top that, so she stays silent. "Do you have a single?" Piper asks. "Am I single?" Reyna replies, and she's beginning to wonder, really, what was going on with her and this girl. Is she looking to date or something? "No, you idiot, where do you live. Do you live in a single?" "Oh," Reyna replies, "no, but my roommate literally told me last night she planned on living with her boyfriend this semester so my room's all –" Her words are cut off as Piper crushes her lips to Reyna's again and Reyna finds her fingers threading through Piper's hair. Reyna swallows the gasp Piper lets out and pulls away from her lips. "Hey," says Piper with a glare. "I was in the middle of something." "Are we going back to my room or what?" Reyna asks. "Because I don't want to get cited for public nudity during my first semester." "You a freshman too?" Reyna shrugs. "That matter?" "Only if you live all the way in Harbucket." Reyna shakes her head. "No, I live in Hale – the athletic dorms." Something flashes in Piper's eyes. "Athletic dorms?" Reyna rolls her eyes and kisses her again to shut her up, and then starts walking toward her dorm without a second word. "Are you coming or not?" Piper smirks. "I think we'll both be in a few." Some sort of chill runs up Reyna's spine as she realizes, yep, this girl is definitely the right choice.