is one of the prettiest necklaces I have ever seen. This is too much for a secret Santa Percy!" She exclaimed "Oh that's Nonsense! May I?" I gestured to the necklace. She nodded blushing and I gently took the necklace and walked behind her. I unlocked it and put it around her neck slowly, I locked it and Artemis turned around. "Thank you Percy, it's beautiful. But I feel bad because I didn't get you anything" "It's fine it-" "But I can give you this" She leaned in gave me a peck on the cheek. There was wolf whistles. Her lips were so soft. I blushed furiously and touched my cheek. "Tha-Thank yo-you" I stuttered. "It is now officially Christmas day! Well it was 3 hours ago" Zeus announced embarrassed for not checking the time "I must go then. I must put all the hunters presents under the tree before they wake" "Oh okay, may I walk you out?" I felt saddened that Artemis was leaving, but I think it's nice that she celebrates Christmas with her hunters. "You may" She started walking to the giant doors of the throne room. She turned to me with a dazzling smile, "I had fun at this event for once, thank you Percy" "You're welcome, I also had a lot of fun, and it was all thanks to you and your knowledge on how to get your ex to leave you alone" I grinned She giggled, "Yes, and just so you know, any time you need to rid yourself of her, give me a call" She threw me a drachma from the bag she won from me. I rolled my eyes playfully, "gee thanks" Someone then suddenly wolf whistled, I glared at them, many people were staring at us trying to look like they were doing something else, do they think we're idiots! I thought. I saw Aphrodite squealing and jumping up and down holding onto Hestia's arm, while Hestia who was next to her, just stood there with a small amused smile. I didn't know what they were so interested in until I saw Aphrodite glancing at something above Artemis and I. I looked up, I blushed a new shade of red. Artemis saw this and asked me, "What's wrong?" I glanced at the leaves above us, Artemis looked up, "Oh...Mistletoe" She stated as if it was nothing. "Kiss her!" A minor god yelled "Yeah! It's tradition!" Another screamed Artemis smirked rather slyly, "Perseus, will you please enlighten me on the "tradition" they are talking about" "It's Uhh...tradition when two people are standing under it to Uhh...kiss!" I stuttered "And you are under it with a maiden goddess...what do you do?" I think she knew what the tradition was. "Umm...I don't know" I replied rubbing my neck sheepishly. "You say mortals do this?" I nodded, "Usually" "Well if it's tradition" Artemis said coquettishly (An: it means seductively) "Huh?" I was red; Artemis smirked flirtatiously and put her finger under my chin. I realised what was happening and I froze like an idiot. Artemis giggled and carried on. Our lips touched, her lips were so soft and taste like cotton candy, they were delicious. It soon got a little bit more intense. You see at first it was a gentle kiss, but I got so into it and licked her lips asking for entrance, forgetting that this was her first time, so you can imagine how surprised I was when she opened her mouth and slipped her tongue into my mouth. Our tongues fought like wolves. Damn this girl is a good kisser! She was so good I moaned and I could feel her smile victoriously as I did this. Her hands then moved from my chin to being wrapped around my neck, and I slowly moved my hands to her waist. I could hear ALOT of wolf whistles and whoops from our audience. I broke the kiss due to lack of breath. I was panting and tried to catch my breath, Artemis seemed unaffected. "That was...amazing!" I gasped "I'm glad, you're a good kisser Percy" I blushed at her comment. "I think that honour belongs to you" She smiled, "But why? Why did you kiss me I mean?" Artemis smirked slyly, "It would be a pity for us to go against the tradition that has been alive for generations wouldn't it Percy?" I blushed, and grinned sheepishly, "I guess it would Moon beam" I leaned in for another, she put her finger on my lips pushing me back, "Nu uh ah Perseus. Tradition states you only have to do it once, don't try for another you big fat chancer" She wagged her finger in front of my face. The gods sniggered and comments were thrown around. "Someone call the medics because you just got burned!" Apollo yelled. "You are the medic Apollo!" Hestia yelled, Apollo blushed as everyone laughed. "Oh yeah...but still. That's my sister!" He gave Arty a thumbs up. "So you do know the tradition!" I exclaimed Artemis smiled innocently, "Who doesn't?" "But then-"I was going to ask her more questions before she cut me off, "I must leave now Percy, it was a pleasure. I had a great time" She leaned in and brushed her lips against my ear, I shivered, "By the way, I really think we should do it again sometime" She purred sultrily, I was about to respond but she smashed her lips onto mine and slipped her tongue into my mouth. I moaned once again, kissing her felt like complete and utter bliss. She pulled away after a couple of seconds, and smiled seductively, "By now Perseus" She flashed out. I stood there stunned, "What just happened?" I thought out loud. (An: Just a random thought, I think this is what Artemis's alter ego might be, so yeah. Tell me if you want a second chapter, I already finished it, but I think if it carries on, it will be 3 chapters max. Pls review!)