of Erebus's was far stronger and larger. Slowly, the traffic creeped along until the Volkswagen reached the very top of the line. "Now it happens," Jake said, his voice dull. The lights changed and the Volkswagen moved, speeding up as it crossed through the intersection. As it reached the halfway point between the road it had been on and the road it was heading onto, a very strange thing occurred. A sudden bolt of light shot down from the sky, zooming past Jake and me. It wasn't lightning, but something else - perhaps a bolt of pure energy, perhaps even a spirit of some kind. It seemed to come from nowhere, and when I looked at it, my eyes throbbed from the power gathered around it. It emanated a sheer, cosmic intensity which I'd come across only once before - and that had been in the aura of an Olympian. The bolt, unobserved by any of the people below, flew directly into the Volkswagen. The car shook as it absorbed the energy, and then suddenly accelerated. I focussed, trying to use my sight to see what was happening to it, and I made out a dull sheen of energy that had suddenly formed around the car, but I felt like there was something behind it that was just out of sight, some force that was concealed. I could see the frantic movements of Jake's mother as she tried to regain control of the vehicle, but it seemed that there was nothing she could do. The car careered out of its lane and, in the blink of an eye, smashed into a passing SUV. The traffic ground to a halt, and people began jumping out of their cars, hurrying over to the crash site. As the sounds of ambulance and police sirens began to echo down the street, the city began to grow wispy, the buildings, people and vehicles dissolving into mist. In a moment, everything had faded to grey, then black. My eyes shot open. We were back in my bedroom, sitting at my table. I pulled my hand away from the obsidian as though it was an angry crocodile, but it didn't matter now. The memory had been shared, and there was no way to get it out of my mind. Jake stowed the stone away in his jacket, making no sound, merely meeting my horrified gaze with an immovable expression. "What was that?" I whispered. "Was that… the Olympians?" He nodded. "How do you know?" "The being that gave me this memory told me so," Jake replied. "And who gave it to you?" "That doesn't matter right now," he said, shaking his head. "The being I serve, who I have served ever since it revealed this to me." "You're talking about Rhea?" I said. Wilson didn't reply. I shook my head in disbelief. I had never trusted the gods, but I hadn't thought they would deliberately kill someone, particularly in what seemed like such a random way. It was so odd, so uncalled-for. But then Jake had said that it had been done because of him. But why would they kill his mother, and not him? "Why—" I started to say, then paused, gathering my thoughts. "Why did they kill your mother? Why not just kill you?" Wilson didn't reply right away, his eyes remaining downcast. It was only after a long moment that he answered, "A son of Erebus is a powerful ally. The gods thought that if they killed my mother, it would break me, making me need them, making me want to be a part of their world." I said nothing. That made a scarily large amount of sense. "You see now," Wilson said, glaring out the window. "You see now why I fight the gods. I didn't just decide in a fit of annoyance to try to tear down Olympus. The Olympians did this to me, and they are the ones who must pay." He met my eyes, and I finally understood why he was showing me this - he wanted me to know exactly why he did what he did, because he didn't want to me think of him as some irrational lunatic. The demigod knew that I would still fight him, but he wanted me to understand what it was that I defended. Suddenly, the sunlight which was between us - for we were both in shadow, and a beam of light cut through the air above the table - seemed to me to be an impenetrable, uncrossable barrier. I was struck by the enormity of the situation, and yet it was caused by one simple moment, one single car crash. It took only a few seconds, but the fate of the world depended on whether it was a mere accident or a purposeful act of murder. "It's all begun now," Jake said, standing up. "This could be our last opportunity to talk. That's why I wanted to show you this. I don't expect you to join me, but I want you to remember every time you work to help the gods that you are helping the beings who struck down my mother. As you kill the creatures that will be loosed on you and your friends, I want you to ask who the real monsters are." "But doesn't this make you just like them?" I said, also rising. "Surely by fighting them, by trying to tear down civilisation , you're becoming a monster too?" "Maybe," the son of Erebus said calmly, holding my gaze unflinchingly. "Maybe I am turning into a monster." He paused, and glanced down at his feet before concluding, "But then maybe the only way to destroy a monster is to become one." Without looking at me again, Wilson turned and strode out of my room. I followed him, but by the time I'd made it onto the landing, he had vanished into the shadows. I sighed. "Well," I said aloud. "So much for having a quiet summer."