in his sleep. "Je t'aime, Jason." "Hey, Lou Ellen?" The head counselor of the Hecate cabin poked her head out of the door. "What do you want? I told Cecil I was gonna meet him in five minutes." Seeing the curious look on Will's face, she added, "And no, it's not a date. We're gonna prank the Aphrodite kids. They keep trying to force us together, so we thought we'd have a little… revenge ." The smirk on her face was borderline evil. Will seemed lost (things like "revenge" were unfamiliar territory to him), so Nico decided to take charge. "Can you fix glasses?" Lou Ellen raised an eyebrow. "Let me guess: Jason?" Nico nodded; Will appeared to have found his voice again. "He, Percy, and Death Boy over here," he pointed at Nico, "were pulling dangerous stunts. Again ." Nico scoffed. "For gods' sake, Solace, it was a tickle fight . And don't call me that." "Someone got injured!" "Jason gets injured all the time!" "What if the next time it's you who-" "Will you two dense idiots just kiss already ?!" Lou Ellen snapped. Will and Nico stared at her. "Excuse me?" "Everyday I have to put up with this! Every, single, day! It's driving me nuts! And I'm not the only one! So please ," she sighed, "just please get together. Oh, and the glasses can be fixed easily. Here." She took them from Will's limp hand, muttered something in Ancient Greek, and handed them back, good as new (and cleaner as well.) "I'm going to find Cecil now. Bye." She walked off towards Thalia's pine. "So, Nico– Nico?" But he was gone. Will sighed. "Great," he muttered. "Thanks a lot, Lou Ellen." Will put Jason's glasses in his pocket and hurried to the Hades cabin, figuring that was where Nico had disappeared to. Hopefully not literally; Will was going to murder him if he'd shadow-traveled again, especially after such strenuous physical activity. The son of Apollo knocked on the door to Cabin Thirteen. "Nico? You in there?" Of course he was. "I want to talk to you." "Go away." Nico sounded even more sullen than usual. Not a good sign. "I'm coming in." He opened the door to find Nico sitting on one of the beds (no longer a coffin), staring down at his lap. He looked up when Will came over. "I told you to go away." "Nico," Will sat next to him and put a hand on his shoulder, Nico stiffening as he did so. "About what Lou Ellen said–" "I get it. You don't like me that way. That's fine with me." It was obvious it wasn't but Will didn't focus on that part. "What? Of course I like you that way. Gods, I told you you're dense." "If Lou Ellen is to be trusted, you are too." "Don't change the subject, Death Boy." For once Nico didn't protest the nickname. "Look at me." Nico did so, and Will could plainly see the guarded expression, the hesitance in his dark brown eyes. "I like you; we've established that. And I think you like me too." Nico blushed deeply and averted his eyes. "Right?" After a few seconds, Nico nodded- only just barely. Will smiled softly. "Then I don't see why we can't have something special." He leaned forward– slowly, to give Nico time to back away if he wasn't ready– and gently pressed his lips to Nico's, their eyes fluttering shut. It was gentle, sweet; everything a first kiss should be. Will's arm wrapped around Nico's waist and pulled him closer; Nico balanced himself against Will's shoulder. When they pulled away, both their cheeks were flushed. "Oh, wow," Will breathed. "That was…" "Nice," Nico murmured. "Amazing," Will agreed. He sighed happily before realizing, "We should probably return Jason's glasses." "Probably," Nico mused. He got up and glanced at Will. "You have them, right?" "Yeah, Lou Ellen fixed them in a second after her rant." Nico observed Will carefully. "Are we... together?" Will grinned. "Do you want to be?" "...Yes." "Then there's your answer. And now, off to Cabin One!" He took Nico's hand, to which the raven-haired boy reddened slightly, and they walked through the ring of cabins until they reached the large marble one. Will opened the bronze doors quietly and waved his hand around to get Piper's attention. The brunette looked over and he held up the glasses for her to see. She came over and took them with a whispered thanks, then gestured questioningly at his and Nico's joined hands. "I'll tell you after Jason wakes up," Nico mouthed. Piper smiled and ruffled his hair, then went back over to the alcove where Jason slept. Nico closed the door quietly as they left. Once they were a good distance from the Zeus cabin, Nico groaned. "Jason's gonna have a field day when he hears about us. And his girlfriend's a daughter of Aphrodite, unconventional or not." Will shrugged. "Let them have their fun, and we can have ours." Seeing the look on Nico's face, he clarified. "Kissing, I mean. Cuddling. Exchanging 'more than friends' Christmas presents." "You are aware Christmas is tomorrow, right?" "Of course I– WHAT? Really?! Since when?!" "Today's December twenty-fourth. Unless I'm mistaken, Christmas is on December twenty-fifth. That's tomorrow. Simple math, even for a demigod." "Holy Hestia, I need to find something right now! I'm gonna go ask Chiron if he'll let me go into the city." With that, Will ran in the direction of the Big House. "Will! Will, you don't have money and you can't defend yourself against monsters! Hey! Are you listening to me?! Get back here! I don't need anything for Christmas! Idiota! " Translations and Definitions: cornetto: The Italian term for croissant, usually filled with cream, chocolate or jam (typically jam.) A traditional Italian breakfast food paired with a cappuccino. Je t'aime - I love you (French) toujours - always (French) mon cher - my dear (French) Idiota - Idiot (Italian)