her look cold, she thought), but before she could talk, Annabeth's lips were pressed against her own. She felt like her heart was going to burst, she didn't understand what had happened, she hadn't planned any of this, why did Annabeth kiss her, what was she going to do,- Annabeth kissed her. She quickly pulled away. "Wait, what?" The blonde had a nervous expression on her face, her eyes wide, and when she spoke, she tripped over her own words. "I thought that you- I mean I- sorry- don't- I'm sorry." Reyna had to grab her wrist for Annabeth to stop talking, take a short breath, and say "I thought you wanted to-" "I did." She interrupted, not being able to keep it in and cursing herself for not letting the other girl talk. "I'm sorry, go on." "Wait- you do?" She exclaimed, her face lighting up. Her look of joy was quickly replaced with one of confusion. "Then why did you…?" Reyna blushed, knowing there was no way of twisting the truth. She moved herself so that she could face the other girl. "I was… surprised." "Surprised?" Annabeth sported a playful tone. "Alright. Good kind of surprised or bad kind of surprised?" "Which one do you think?" She spat, avoiding eye contact. The blonde was messing with her. The other girl snorted. "You like me." Reyna looked up to face the smug grin she had on her face. Again, all ideas of possible clever comebacks left her and she settled with "Shut up." "You," Annabeth insisted, moving her body closer to the brunette's. "like me." She cupped the girl's face, holding it so that Reyna was making direct contact with her. "Yeah, well, don't think I'm going to go easy on you because of that. I'm still going to beat you at basketball next friday." She replied, trying to shake her head out of Annabeth's grip. She managed to do it, and the blonde's grin grew a little bigger. She was probably going to counter her comment with a promise to score more points or something, but Reyna didn't let her, leaning in fast and kissing her like she had been wanting to for a long time. Okay, so maybe she hadn't kissed anyone since middle school, but Reyna thought she was doing just fine. She was a bit self conscious about her kisses, seeing as she didn't know what to do and there was really no way to practise it, but for the time being, she just did what she felt like doing. She let Annabeth deepen their kiss while Reyna pulled at her waist, trying to get the girl as close to her as possible. The blonde's hands were just as nice when she was occupied, she discovered, as they moved from cupping her face to sliding down her arms, to pressing against her back and playing with her hair. Annabeth herself was a good kisser, and the brunette kept moving her head at different angles, trying to figure out what worked better. At one point, Reyna slowed the kiss and turned into small pecks, fully intending to go back to their original state; Annabeth, however, was having none of it, and pulled the girl from the collar of her blouse with a little too much strength, causing her to fall on her back on the bed, with Reyna following and landing on top of her. The brunette took one look at Annabeth's startled, flustered, lipstick stained face and couldn't help the laughter that followed. "Oh, screw you." The blonde said as Reyna hid her face by pressing it against her neck. "And stop, that tickles." She got up, sitting down next to the girl, and managed to turn her laughter into a giggle. "Sorry, sorry." She laughed again. "Okay, that was the last time, I swear." "Funny." Annabeth sat up herself. From her tone of voice, Reyna figured she was trying to act angry, but the smile on her face gave her away. "Funny how eager you were." She commented, earning herself a glare. "Right, if you want to talk about eagerness, I have to tell you a few things about yourself." The blond replied, locking eyes with Reyna. Alright, so pretend heterosexuality had nothing on making out with your best friend, Reyna learnt. She also learnt that Annabeth gave really good massages. Both good pieces of information. However there was still something she definitely had to know. "So, you like me." She affirmed. The other girl raised her eyebrows. "Are we doing this again?" "No." Reyna replied. "I mean, maybe. I just wanted to know- how much do you like me?" Annabeth raised her eyebrows even more, and the brunette could feel her face turning red. "I mean- do you like me enough to- I don't know- start dating or something?" She spat out, hiding her face with her hand. She wasn't good under pressure. "Oh." Annabeth smiled, which was probably a good sign. "You scared me for a moment there." Reyna had to smile at that, but it quickly turned into a straight line. What if she said no? What if this whole thing had been a mistake? What if they couldn't get their friendship back after this? What if- "And yeah, I think I might like you enough for that. If you're up for it." "You-okay." She cursed herself for her incapability of forming full sentences today. "What? Were you surprised?" "Real mature." "Whatever." Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Listen, not that I'm not enjoying this or anything, but it's getting late and you still need to get your hair straightened." Reyna had actually forgotten about that entirely, but she wasn't about to say that out loud. "Right. Go turn it on." The blonde did as she was told, getting up,walking over to the nightstand and pushing the 'on' button. "But, Annabeth." The girl turned her head to look at Reyna. "It still needs a couple of minutes to heat up." "Oh, screw you."