two things: my best friend, and my girlfriend, both of whom I've experienced a hell of a lot of things with. Maybe too many. Dam it, we've literally been through hell and back together. But you know what? I don't think I'd trade a day of it, even the time we spent in Tartarus, or holding up the weight of the entire sky, because all of it is just one more day, one more moment, that I got to spend with my Wise Girl." He paused long enough to reach out lovingly with his hand, tucking away a loose strand of hair behind her ear. She lay her head down on the palm of his hand, nuzzling into his touch, but he pulled away to reach into his pocket, one hand still grasping onto her hand, like the anchor she had been for him when he'd bathed in the River Styx. Like the anchor that she still was for him every day. "Annabeth," he began again, "we've been best friends now for nearly 15 years, which is a dam good amount, in my opinion. You've spent 5 of those years only as my best friend, and an addition decade being my girlfriend on top of that. But, as selfish as this may sound, I don't think I'm quite satisfied with that." With her still standing, he sank down onto one knee, the grey box from before appearing in his open palm. He jerked off the bow in one swift movement, throwing it to the side with a grand flourish, and readied his hand over the lid to lift it up. "It would be my greatest pleasure in the whole world, if you, Annabeth Chase, would do the honor of becoming my- Hold on. Are you laughing at me?" And indeed she was. She didn't respond, only looked at him, her shoulders shaking with the effort of trying to conceal her giggles. But she failed, and when she finally broke, the sight was beautiful. A brilliant grin lit up her tanned face, which looked silvery and pale in the gleam from the moon above; both the smilie and the natural spotlight did wonders to light up the daughter of Athena's face. Her smile was enough to make him smile, she was just so beautiful. Even the tears streaming down her face were shining, though whether they were tears of joy or amusement, he couldn't tell. But he was definitely smart enough to know what his girlfriend's laugh sounded like, and that was it! "You're laughing at me," he complained. "I am not!" Though she was very clearly giggling like a maniac. The beautiful hypocrite. "You are so not making this easy." Then she laughed for real, and she put her hands around his neck. "I am never, ever going to make things easy for you, Seaweed Brain. Get used to it." Percy threw his arms around her. They kissed, and for a moment, nothing else mattered. An asteroid could have hit the planet and wiped out all life, and Annabeth wouldn't have cared. Suddenly, the son of Poseidon broke away, pulling back to look at his girlfriend. "Do you mind if I try this again? I kind of had this all planned out, so it would make me feel a little better if I said my stuff, and then got an actual confirmation from you. Do you mind?" She let go of his hands as he sunk back down on one knee, her laughter still dying off. "Sure, Seaweed Brain. Go ahead." "Okay, well here goes. I'm gonna keep this one much simpler," he promised, and she nodded with encouragement. "Wise Girl," he asked, his sea-green eyes trained on her grey ones, "will you marry me?" "Of course, Seaweed Brain! Yes!" she cried, and at the exact same time, he popped open the box (which he proved to be more skilled at than popping the cork off of a champagne bottle), and revealed the engagement ring in all its glory. "Oh, Percy," she breathed, her misty eyes taking in the sight before her. He extracted it from its container and slipped it deftly onto her left ring finger. It fit like a glove, and it looked so natural there, like it had been holding that spot for 15 years, just for him and his ring. The sight of it must have also gotten to Annabeth, because big fat tears immediately welled up in her eyes, and began to streak down her cheeks. Normally, he might have made fun of her for crying so much, since she wasn't much of an emotional person. But the truth was, he was probably crying even more than she was. "Do you like it?" he inquired, his voice thick with the effort of forcing back tears. "Tyson and Leo made it together, as a gift for the two of us." "Oh, Percy," she repeated. "Oh, it's wonderful! Thank you, Seaweed Brain!" He looked flabbergasted. "No, thank you, Wise Girl, for saying yes! Gods, I'm pretty sure I peed myself from all of that." He winced uncomfortably, and she laughed at the unpleasant grimace on his face. Her laugh, more beautiful than the sound of the purest bells ringing out in the street, spawned an enormous grin on his face. And for a few moments of blissful silence, Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase stared at nothing but each other and the ring that was just another thing to bond them. Silence, that was broken by him exclaiming: "What a New Year's Eve this turned out to be!" So, please tell me how you liked it! I would really love if you liked it, because I've never worked so hard on a one-shot before. (You guys I finish this it is literally 2:57 A.M...gods of Olympus help me.) Anyway, please follow, favorite, and review, because that would honestly mean the world to me if you would. Thank you for reading! Happy New Year, 2016! Love, ~Princess Andromeda II