able to visit on your way here with Will and Grover. First of all, what do you know?" he asked. I took a second to think about what I knew, then carefully started talking. "I know that you are a centaur and that Grover is a satyr." Chiron nodded, saying "Go on". A little more confident, I continued. "Will is a demigod, son of Apollo and people here are demigods as well and they train all year-round or only during summer. That's all." Chiron nodded, then started explaining. "You probably know about Greek gods and myths. Well, they aren't totally myths. They really exist." He said carefully, looking for my reaction at what he had just said. First, I thought he was joking, but then remembered the satyr and the centaur, which was him. I didn't know what to say; what would you do if somebody suddenly said that Greek myths existed and was himself part of those myths? Well, I decided to react in a very strange way: I started laughing. Chiron shot me a strange look. He had seen many reactions from young half-bloods who he had told about gods, but she was the first one to start laughing maniacally, he thought. "Ally, are you feeling alright?" he asked, a bit worried by my behavior. I then looked at him in the eyes and said very seriously, "Do you think I'm stupid? I may have amnesia, but I'm know how the world is, and I know very well that gods don't exist!" Chiron was surprised. I was as well surprised by myself. "Ally, listen, I know you are not "stupid" and that it might be hard to believe, but I can swear to you that this is the truth. Haven't you seen Grover and even my appearance. You have said it very well yourself, centaurs, satyrs and half-bloods exist. Will is a son of Apollo , who is a Greek god. What don't you believe?" I hesitated. He was right. All of what he had said was the truth. Strangely, I was starting to trust him and believed him. "N-no, I believe you, I-I am just... I-" I didn't know what to say anymore. Tears were coming to my eyes. What was happening to me? Chiron smiled sympathetically at me and told me that he understood. I think he was relieved that I had understood so easily. For a moment, he had seemed to panic. But I guessed he was used to say that to new "campers", seeing the number of them there was in here. "Now, let's make you visit Camp Half-Blood." he said. We walked towards the bungalows. They were in the form of an omega, twelve in the center and the others bungalow continued in line on each side. Each bungalow was different. One was like made of gold, shining so hard it almost hurt my eyes. Another one was painted red and had a boar head hanged on top of the door. Another one that was on the line on the side was obsidian black, with torches lit up with green flames. I didn't know why, but I was kind of attracted to that bungalow. Another thing I had to figure out apparently. I saw Chiron looking at me, then he explained. "These are the bungalow. There is a bungalow for each god that has kids at Camp. New ones are added very often. Before, there were only twelve bungalows, one for each Olympian, but now every god can have a bungalow. You will now in which you belong when you'll be claimed by your godly parents, what should happen very soon, probably tonight. Waiting for that, you will go in bungalow 11. It's Hermes's bungalow, he welcomes everyone." We walked to the bungalow, which was very basic and seemed very old and used. Inside there were many campers, but not as much as before, had told me a camper. I didn't have any belongings, so they told me where I could put them when I would. I laid down on the bed that had been assigned to me and closed my eyes, resting after this exhausting morning. For the first time in what seemed like a long time, I felt safe. (*) I know suicide or scarification aren't funny things or something we can joke about, I'm sorry if I offended anyone. If I did, make sure to tell me and I will modify it. A/N: Hey guys! So, this is the first chapter. I know it's a crappy ending but if I hadn't stopped it now, it would have been too long compared to the length I want for all my chapters. It was already almost three thousand words, and if I had continued, it would have been too long. But don't worry, I will update very soon, actually, I have already started chapter 2. It will happen on the same day. At first, I wanted to do all the day in one chapter, but it would have been too long and I had to cut it at some point, so I decided here. As said before, this is my first fanfiction, so I know it might not be perfect; that's why I need you to let me a review telling me what you think about my story. You can also tell me if there are big mistakes or things that are incoherent or not understandable, as I know what I want to tell but it's not always very clear for the people that read me. I like constructive reviews, things that could help me do even better chapters, but I don't want any harsh, unnecessary reviews. I work as hard as possible on this, and the reviews are the only way for me to know you like what I do. Don't forget to favorite this story to show me your support, and to follow it to know when I updated (very soon, when I'll have 4-5 reviews). Until very soon, Constance