your life. When Will had realized that the girl in his arm was coughing out blood, he had pushed Leo out of the infirmary and shut the door. Presently, Leo was sitting outside the infirmary, staring out into nothingness. The short-haired girl next to him (Piper?) was sending him worried glances. The blonde boy (Jason?) was trying to keep the other campers from asking Leo too many questions. But Leo wasn't paying attention to any of that. It was as if a nuke had exploded right next to him and that horrible ringing in his ears prevented him from hearing anything else. His eyesight was all fuzzy, and he was feeling a bit woozy, but that didn't affect him in the slightest. His thoughts were in disarray. Worry choked down upon him. The person he had spent a majority of his life with was now somewhere in the room behind him, and he wasn't able to do anything to help her. Helplessness was one of the emotions he did not handle well. He had felt like this only once before. Flashes of a fire. A child's scream. Police sirens. Memories of his childhood came rushing back, and it was all he could do to not break down into insanity. The girl gently shaking him out of his thoughts, brought him back to reality as Will emerged from the infirmary. He barely spared her a glance as he stood up and turned around to face Will. A frown was etched onto his face, and Leo's heart started to clog his throat. When a doctor frowns at you, it means that something bad is going to be revealed. Gulping, Leo asked, his voice shaking. "How is she?" The doctor shook his head dejectedly. It seemed that Calypso was strongly bonded with Ogygia. When separated from Ogygia, she would start to die. But Leo didn't hear any of this. This time the tears couldn't be stopped. He broke down. He felt the girl that was next to him hug him, but he didn't respond. He just continued weeping, lamenting the loss of the person dearest to him. Will allowed Leo to mourn for a few minutes, before revealing that Calypso had a few moments of life left. Before he could finish the statement, Leo had pushed both him and the girl out of the way and was already inside the room. . "Calypso." Leo looked at the slight figure on the bed covered with a sheet. Only her head and arms were visible from beneath the blanket. She gave him a weak smile. He slowly approached the bed, tears flowing freely. "Calypso." he repeated, this time getting a hold of her hand. She gave his hand a weak pull, signalling to him to come closer. He leaned forward. He noticed her eyes were also a bit misty. "Live your life. Stay happy." She whispered to him. Leo shook his head. "How can I when-"he was cut as she repeated again. "Stay happy." This time, she caught his hand with both of hers as she pressed a folded piece of paper into his hands. He glanced at his hands and then brought his eyes to her. This time he nodded, slowly. Satisfied, she leaned back into her pillow and closed her eyes. A tear rolled out one eye. He stepped back and unfolded the paper. It was a whitish-yellow, due to its age, its edges cut a few times, but other than the few signs of aging, it was remarkably well kept. On one side, was the diagram he had drawn years back, to explain how the Labyrinth work. On the other side was a drawing. It was by no means a work of art, but it was a rather good sketch. On it were two people a guy an a girl planting a flower, out side a small house. Both seemed to be happy. Not estatic, with mile long grins on their faces, but happy. Content. The house behind them had a sign on it which read 'Leo's and Calypso's Garage.' Unbidden, Calypso's words came back to him. Stay happy. He would. For Calypso. A few minutes later, she stopped breathing. . The lone figure made its way out when it was dark. When it passed Thalia's tree, it didn't bother looking back. After walking for a few meters, it touched the ground. "Leaving?" Leo didn't bother turning behind to see Hephaestus. "She died." It wasn't an accusation. It was a statement. A fact. Hephaestus sighed. "She was 3000 years old. She finally found true love. Her life may have not been great, but those last few years she spent with you, those were her happiest moments. She was happy with her life." Leo did not reply. Hephaestus tried a different angle. "Running away doesn't help." "Are you going to stop me?" Leo took the silence as a negative and jumped into the hole. . Chiron stared at the paper he had found outside his door this morning, trying to ward off the incoming headache. He picked up a cup of tea and took a long sip. As he finished, Piper and Jason rushed in. "Leo isn't in his cabin!" Chiron took a deep breath. "I know." He handed them the piece of paper, which they looked at, confused. It was a picture of Leo and Calypso's Garage. . The boy dropped in at the flower shop again. The kind old woman gave him a smile, which he returned. He picked up a lily and placed in on the counter, along with some money. As she returned the change, she smiled again. "Who are they for?" she asked. The boy had come nearly everyday, and bought a single lily every single time. He rarely spoke to the people around him but always gave them a smile. But when she asked the question, the smile dropped. Lowering his head for a bit, probably to hide his face, he whispered back the answer. For Calypso.