Jason put a reassuring hand on Leo's shoulder when he saw Annabeth close her eyes as her hands shook with emotion, stuck and bottled up inside her. Jason knew that she was too close to finding the person she's been looking for for way too many months and the delays were going to make her lose it, just burst. "Leo, buddy," Jason began, patting the smaller boy. "Don't question whether the daughter of Athena's ideas are good or not. It's like questioning whether Festus looks awesome or not. Do you understand?" Immediately, he saw Leo's face light up in understanding and glee. "Yeah, that makes more sense," Leo said while grinning like an imp. "Festus is like, hella awesome!" Jason grinned with him and looked at Annabeth who gave him a grateful look and he just continued smiling. He really did want to meet this Percy Jackson. If the guy did half the things that Jason heard of, he must be an amazing hero. "Just please don't destroy my town," Terminus continued. "For now, you can climb down your rope to New Rome. Let's hope to all gods that this isn't the start of another war." "Hope, we shall," Jason agreed. Leo went off to get some rope and Piper, looking warily at the statue, picked up her dagger and retreated below deck, most likely to get Coach Hedge. Annabeth looked at Jason again and he tried giving her a reassuring smile, walking over to her. "Smart, hovering over New Rome." he said as he joined her at the railing. He could hear Festus clicking and Leo saying something somewhere at the helm but he did his best to ignore them. Annabeth turned and gripped the railing and they did their best to avoid tripping over the magical barrier shields that lined the edge of the ship and kept the demigod scents concealed from monsters. "Thanks," was all Annabeth replied with but he was fine with it. She was having troubles at the moment and even if she wasn't, he wouldn't have pushed her in any way. Instead, Jason looked down at New Rome, trying to look for the Hero of Olympus but finding no one that could have matched the image. Jason's seen a few pictures of Percy Jackson back at camp. He was a celebrity among the Greek demigods after all and everyone seemed to know him. Even Chiron had spoken of him with respect and reverence. The guy had black hair, tanned, with a surfer dude kinda look and a bright smile. Then again, there were a few pictures where he looked like a troublemaker type of person, someone who would be creating havoc in a school maybe. Jason's also heard a few stories where Percy could have been as wild as a Hermes kid, dangerous as an Ares kid and devilishly handsome as an Aphrodite's kid. He couldn't recall his face real well but he did remember automatically agreeing with the handsome remark (he's heard that some Aphrodite children went gay for the guy but they were rumors and he wasn't in a hurry to try and find if they were truth or not). The Stoll twins, Connor and Travis, were apparently some real close friends of Percy who had fought with him at the battle of Manhattan. He would hear tales of how the Stoll brothers would either play pranks on others with Percy or play pranks on Percy or pay the price for playing pranks on Percy. He sounded like an easy going guy, someone who made friends with everyone (Clarisse was an exception, he guessed. Something about a toilet accident) and helps saved the world a bunch of times. "What's does Percy Jackson look like again?" Jason asked Annabeth even though he knew the answer, albeit barely. Annabeth looked at him and he was aware that she was weighing his question, judging whether it was worth talking to him or not. He wasn't going to think that it was a little unreasonable because this whole situation of switching Rome's and Greece's heroes was unreasonable. Finally, Annabeth sighed and they were looking at the ground again. Jason glanced at her but waited patiently, letting a long moment passed where the other blonde seemed to lose herself in memories of the person she loved. "He has black hair, longish, wild, windswept," Annabeth began with a type of longing tone and a faraway look in her eyes. "And when it captured the light just right, it looks like it's tinted blue around the edges. His eyes are sea green, beautiful and sparkling like the ocean with happiness that doesn't seem to be able to go away, even when he's pissed off. He has a slight tan and a good build for a fighter, flexible, lithe as well as strong, undaunted. I don't know if he still looks like that though," Annabeth added in a lower tone. "He could have changed." Jason knew that was true. He just hoped that it wasn't too much. It wasn't so much that it wasn't the Percy Jackson he's heard so much. And he hoped that it wasn't so much that it would end up hurting Annabeth permanently. Whether the other liked him or not, he wasn't ready to see someone as strong as Annabeth Chase break down. Leo was calling preparations and the two blondes split up but Terminus was giving Jason a funny look so he walked over to the statue, curious. "What is it?" he asked upon reaching the god of boundaries. Terminus glanced at Annabeth before returning his gaze to Jason. "That girl, she may not be half bad," Terminus said, begrudgingly and Jason almost laughed, instead settling for a smile. He patted the statue on the shoulder, feeling the cold surface on his bare hand. "Of course she isn't," Jason said. "She's the daughter of Athena and Athena, despite stories, is not Minerva." Terminus didn't even argue and Jason took that as a good sign. *~0~0~0~*