everything's ending. A memory flitted to the front of her mind - a memory that wasn't always on the surface, but was always with her. "That's kind of what you said to me after I'd been claimed," she whispered. "That's kind of what you said to me when I was going home for a year," he smiled. "And now you're going to tell me that this is a new adventure," she muttered. "Adventure isn't the word I'd use." He paused. "But just because Amiya's missing - " Katie sat up. "You said missing." "And…?" "Everyone else says she left, she ran off." He shrugged. "There's no proof of that. She was a good counselor. It's better not to think the worst of people." "But then where is she?" Katie dropped her head onto her knees. Lee squeezed her hand. "Whatever happens…" He took a deep breath. "Like you said to me - you don't have to do everything on your own." His voice dropped, and Katie didn't think she was meant to hear the last sentence. "Someday I hope you'll learn that." Breathe. This wasn't a monster fight, this was battle, this could mean their deaths, and Kronos was out there – Breathe. She straightened Miranda's armor and hugged Lou before she ran off to find the rest of the Hermes cabin. Katie wasn't the best fighter, the most powerful child of Demeter. She wasn't even the oldest in her cabin (Cadence had just never wanted to be a cabin leader). But she could sure as hell get them through this fight together. There wasn't another option. Katie had been so busy coordinating her cabin (often running back and forth to the Athena tent) that the one time she'd swung by Cabin Six only Kayla was there. "I'll tell Lee you stopped by," she said. Focus. Her muscles tensed as the final defenses were readied. She'd find him after the battle. If camp was still standing . … … … "I'm sorry." … … … "Katie - " "Mira, not now." "You can't just ask me to go away!" "Yes I can!" she snapped, whirling around. Her breath caught when she saw Miranda's face, and Katie shook her head. "I'm sorry. I'll be out in a moment, okay?" She hung to the back during the ceremony until Kayla grabbed her arm. "Kates - " Kayla's face was streaked with tears, and Katie hugged her tightly. "It'll be okay," she whispered, but the words were hollow. Pollux, left without his brother. The Apollo cabin, left without their much-loved counselor. On and on - too many families broken, too many close friends lost. Katie closed her eyes, quickly wiping away the tears that leaked out. "You're not going to say something?" Kayla whispered. "I don't think I was meant to," she said quickly, quietly. Katie took a deep breath, not sure Kayla would understand. But Kayla nodded and kept her arm around Katie's waist until the end of the ceremony. As the shrouds were lit, Katie glanced over at the red-orange sky. Sunset. And then she couldn't take it and slipped away as the crowd slowly started separating one by one. She considered not getting up. But when she couldn't sleep, there was only one place to go. Katie climbed higher than she ever had before on the edge of the forest, feeling like a great weight was pressing down on her chest. Between the leaves she saw the pinks and yellows of the sun coming up and had to stop. Katie took a breath. Then another. She watched the sun slowly rise. Playing over and over in her head - the conversation they'd had near here earlier in the summer. And she argued with herself until the sun had come up. Katie knocked and after a few seconds the door opened. "Kayla?" She swallowed. "Can we…talk?" Kayla opened the door even further and smiled sadly. "C'mon, Kates. You don't have to ask." And later that day, she called an emergency ice cream meeting. Because for once she didn't have to do everything on her own. Capture the Flag. Canoeing and climbing wall. Swordfighting and javelin throwing. Sitting in the strawberry fields. It was hard to explain what she was missing when everything seemed so normal. Kayla asked her, just wondering, what she would've said at the ceremony. Katie said she'd think about it. She still wasn't sure. When a friendship is made up of silence just as much as words, it's hard to explain. "I thought for sure he'd ask you out this summer. For real." Kayla squeezed Katie's hand and rested her head on her shoulder. "I really thought that you two – well…" They'd splashed each other at the edge of the ocean. Kayla had tried to teach Katie how to play guitar. Katie had dragged Kayla out to water the strawberry plants. They had talked plenty, but this was the first time she'd said anything like that. "I-" The words died in Katie's throat. Remembering hurt like hell. And she couldn't think of which details were the most important. It didn't make sense, it confounded her again and again how she could have been friends - best friends, morethanfriends - with Lee Fletcher and not know what she would've said at his funeral. "He was brave," everyone said. Yes, brave enough to risk the wrath of a twelve-year-old unclaimed demigod he just happened to run into, simply for the sake of trying to help. Brave enough to chase her down when she went off to sit by herself, in that dark and lonely place in her mind. Brave, but reckless – the idiot. Selfless. Teasing. Optimistic. Clever. Open-minded. Gods, she didn't know. And then she decided she didn't need to know. She didn't need to find the words to explain why they were friends, why she nearly locked herself in the cabin for an afternoon after the battle. She could just go out at sunrise and look up.