my finger. Smiling, I placed it on the branch next to me. "Come to watch, huh?" I asked it quietly. "You picked a great spot." Below, Kaia snapped her head back to look up at the tree. I melted back into the leaves. She wouldn't be able to see me here. When she went back to her attempts at making a grass whistle, I started lowering myself down, branch by branch until I was within jumping distance from the ground. I counted down in my head. Three... two... one! I tackled Kaia and she let out a yelp of alarm. I wrapped my arms around her head. I was laughing hysterically when I felt a pinching feeling on my right arm. "Ah, Kaia! Did you just bite me?" "Ari! What was— oopss, ssorry. I guesss I did bite you. Ssorry! Ssorry! Natural insstinct, I sswear!" Oh well. Maybe my brilliant trick wasn't quite as good as I'd hoped. "It's oka—" "I sseriously didn't mean to—" "Kaia, really. It's okay, I was the one who scared you in the first place." "Um... Oh my godss, Ari..." "Yeah?" "Your arm is, like, bleeding!" "What?" I suddenly felt an intense stinging sensation in my forearm where she had bit me. When I looked down, what I saw made me absolutely sick to my stomach. The flesh around the two small puncture marks on my arm was turning green. Yelping, my first inclination was to rub the area where my skin was being zombified, resulting in my smearing the blood from the wounds up and down my arm. "Sstop! Sstop!" Kaia told me frantically, grabbing my wrist. "You're only making it worsse by sspreading the venom around!" Venom? What! I examined my arm through the blood. Where had those two marks come from anyway? All she did was bite me! I screamed and waved my arm back and forth, like I could shake off the horrible burning feeling in my arm. "Ari! Sstop it! You're only sspeeding up the processs by getting your blood pumping. It'll only sspread the venom to your heart!" I had absolutely no idea what Kaia was talking about, I only had enough sense left in me to register what she was saying and stop flinging my arm around. "Okay..." Kaia's voice sounded disturbingly soothing. "Now you have to calm down. " "How am I supposed to do that when—" "Jusst. Calm. Down." I took a deep breath, trying to do what Kaia asked. She obviously thought she knew something on the subject of poison. "Good." She grimaced. "Your heart should stop beating any minute now." "WHAT?" I screamed. Obviously, my heart rate would not be going down any time soon. "I did not jusst ssay that!" Kaia yelled, beating her fists on the sides of her head. "Kaia, what's happening? And since when do you have fangs!" It was true. Kaia's face looked longer and sharper than usual, and when she opened her mouth to reply, her canine teeth were strangely elongated. My knees were jelly. I sat down hard in the grass. Kaia knelt next to me. "Ari! Ari, are you okay?" I strained my neck to look up at her. "Is this some kind of joke?" I asked her. I had my good hand wrapped around the sticky, damp skin on the arm that she'd bitten. My insides didn't feel much better than my outsides looked. My breathing was shallow and any part of me that wasn't a sickly shade of green was deathly pale. Could I really be dying? "No, it'ss really happening— er— I mean, nope! Thiss iss all jusst a prank! I got you, haha," she laughed nervously. "You really suck at lying, Kaia." "Okay, okay! Thiss iss real!" "You better start explaining now, " I commanded. "Um, ssure. Okay. Sso, well, long sstory." "Out with it! I'm dying over here!" I was really panicking now. But even more than that, I was furious. I got mad when I didn't understand something; and boy, was I not understanding the situation now. My anger management issues were really starting to show. "Alright, sso, you know the Greek mythss, right?" "Yeah, duh. I'm named after one!" "Oh, right! I sshould've figured that out... Anyway! Sso, like, how do I ssay this? Well, they're real." "Skip to the part where you have fangs," I spat through clenched teeth, not having time for the whole "Greek mythology is real" concept at the moment. "Okay, so there are these Greek gods, right? So, one of them made this, like, monster. Named Echidna. And she, like, made all these other monsters, like the Sirens and the Chimera and—" "I get it!" "I'm one of those monsters. I'm a scythian dracaena... a snake woman." "And you just bit me, and I'm gonna die?" I asked, because that was really the only detail I cared about at the time. "Maybe not!" Kaia said hurriedly. "Not if you calm down and I can get you back to Camp and—" "Fine!" I took a few deep breaths to show her that I could be calm. "Great." Kaia forced a smile. "Now, drink this." She produced a plastic water bottle from her backpack. Only, I sincerely doubted that it was holding water. The sticky-looking liquid inside of it was a dark red color. "What is that ?" I asked, though I didn't wait for an answer. I just took the bottle in my trembling hands and popped the top open with my teeth. I hesitantly took a small sip. I couldn't tell you what it tasted like, because it didn't really taste like anything. Water, maybe. But even water has some taste. This was like drinking liquid air. I took another sip, but this time Kaia tipped the bottom up and the entire contents drained into my mouth. I was choking and sputtering for a second, but then it evaporated in my throat. It was a pleasant sensation. Until I blacked out the next second.