you were paying for my mistakes. "You even tried to protect me from Hera's harsh words, but I was so tired of trying that I didn't realize that, and had the guts to accuse you of making Mother look bad. If anything, I had made her look bad by not realizing how selfless you were then – Hera was done with you, but just because she had chosen to target me, you were ready to fight her head-on. "You even did the impossible – you made it possible for me to look at the stars with new hope. That because of them, children out there were learning and becoming better people from the mistakes of those tragedies. All that I threw away because you ended it with a terrible haiku. "And that time you tried to make me sing? I didn't take into account you had bet – Hermes told me – an unnecessarily large amount of money because you believed you would win, not because you were a god, but because you trusted me. And I wasted that trust. "You trusted in me enough to know I would make a good first impression with the Council when we first had our meeting with them, but I chose that moment to tell you that you wouldn't understand because you didn't take anything seriously – except that you were scared of messing up for my sake. "You were my number one fan at the race I had two months ago, and even if my Huntresses were too scared to congratulate me, you tackled me to the ground. But..." Artemis looked up, teary eyed as she continued. "I noticed how you froze for a minute, because you were scared you had done something wrong. At first, I didn't care much, but..." "When they first told me Father was punishing you, I didn't care at all." The waver in Artemis' voice bothered Apollo, but she was talking, and he wasn't going to stop her. He didn't think he could. "I thought that you deserved it, that maybe then you would figure out how annoying you were. But I was the one who had to figure something out." "I stumbled upon you one day." Apollo's eyes widened at the confession. Wouldn't he have sensed her? Then again, he was a mortal now, so... "Even if you were a mortal, I could still sense your thoughts." Artemis said. "And when I saw you on top of that Dumpster, I wanted to come up to you and reprimand you, but once I heard your thoughts..." Apollo gulped. He remembered those stupid, paranoid, thoughts. "Arty, look, I-" "No." Artemis interrupted. "It's time you stopped apologizing for doing nothing wrong, and time I started acknowledging my mistakes. I'm not the sibling you deserve, you deserve someone who shows you how much they appreciate the effort you go into trying to overcome your flaws for your sister, you deserve someone who doesn't assume the worst when it comes to you, you don't deserve me." "No, no, no, shut up, sis." Apollo growled, gripping Artemis by the shoulder. "I think you know me enough to know that no one can talk shit about my sister. And that includes my own sister. You cannot talk shit about you. I will not have that while I'm around." "Apollo, I-" "Do you want me to hate you?" Apollo asked incredulously. "Because that's the one thing I can't do, Arty. Get mad at you. Or blame you. Or think you don't deserve the best. I'm not the best, so I think I'm not the brother you need or deserve. But if you think I'm the best – which I highly doubt – I'm not going to stop you because I think differently. A sibling as amazing as you deserves all she wants, and – hey!" Artemis was crying happily as she tackled Apollo, making him fall backwards into the sand. "Uh, Artemis, my kids can see us." Apollo nervously reminded her. "Don't want them to think we're weird." "We're Olympians. Our whole family is weird." Artemis waved off. "And speaking of my nieces and nephews..." Apollo groaned. "No, Arty..." "Who wants to hear a story about how your father broke Gramma Leto's favourite vase?" Later that night, once the kids were fast asleep (and Apollo had finally gotten them to stop laughing at him), Artemis and Apollo sat on the branch of one of the trees, bows in hand. "I can't directly help you." Artemis murmured, as if afraid Zeus would hear them. "But what I can do is help discretely. I'll make sure it'll help you and some of my Huntresses simultaneously – that way, it won't look like I'm trying to help you." "And why would you do this again?" "Because when you're no longer mortal," Artemis grinned, "I can finally get you to do another hunt with me." "Oh, just because I'm mortal doesn't mean I still don't have mad skills." Apollo said smugly. "Really?" "Yep." "Most targets hit in 5 minutes wins. Go!" Artemis exclaimed enthusiastically, jumping from the tree and landing with precision. She ran off into the forest, where Apollo was certain she had hidden a dozen targets for this exact moment. He shook his head in amusement. "Yep. Same Artemis as always." A/N: Okay, so guess when I made this? A night before we had this important test in Literature that I hadn't studied beforehand. What time did I make this? From 10 PM to 2 AM, that's when. All 5k+ of this, and I knew I couldn't let this go to waste (or, I didn't want to). I had my sister read this and she cried, so I hope you all enjoyed it! I only fear that the twins might have been too OOC towards the end (especially Artemis). If you understood the two references at the start of the fic, good for you! If you didn't...well, sorry, I'm not telling. *grin* Leave a review! -pscyhopathicdorito