had opened his eyes. Percy looked around the room to be met with the faces of Poseidon, Ethan, Bianca, Lee, Luke and Zoë whom were currently holding hands, Lillie, Sally and Paul, Nico, and Charles. All of them holding balloons, teddy bears, and flowers. Percy swallowed once again and turned his head slowly taking in his surroundings. "W-where am I?" Sally walked over to him and stroked his face "You're in Lenox Hill Hospital in Manhattan." Percy scrunched his face at her "Why?" Everyone gave him a small chuckle "You're a hero. A suicidal hero, but a hero in general" Luke explained carefully Percy literally had no idea what had happened or why he was considered a hero "What happened?" "What do you mean Perce?" Lee asked concerned "Can you jog my memory and can someone get me some water?" Percy complained swallowing hard once again So while Lillie went to grab Percy a cup of water Bianca explained everything that Percy had done which brought back the memories and explained why he was feeling so much pain. "That explains a lot," Percy whispered "Anyways, um… why am I here and not on Olympus?" "The medicine on Olympus wasn't helping you whatsoever and the water up there was not helpful at all so therefore your mother and Paul took you to this hospital in Manhattan in which they begun an emergency surgery and helping you heal your injuries, like we couldn't in Olympus and for that Percy, I am sorry." Poseidon said sadly Percy just stared at his biological father with a childlike innocence that made everybody's heart break. Poseidon broke down in tears "And I am so so sorry Percy, I don't deserve your forgiveness and I will leave immediately after this but I-I have to tell you this. I am so sorry for the way I treated you,there is nothing that I will be able to say to you to make you believe me and to be honest I have no idea why I would have believed Annabeth more than you and you never stopped being my son. I love you so much Percy, and I am so proud of you and I am so so so sorry. I-I-" Poseidon cut himself off with a sob "Hey" Percy said pulling on his father's sleeve and quietly hushing his father in the process Everyone looked between Poseidon and Percy awaiting for what Percy was going to say next "Although you have hurt me on multiple occasions, and used me you do not have to be sorry Dad." Poseidon felt his heart swell at the mention of the word 'Dad' Percy continued "Want to know why?" Poseidon looked at him thus signaling for him to continue in which he did "Because we're family, and that means that no matter what you do there is nothing that you will do that I will never be able to forgive" Poseidon let out a sob and gave his son a hug. During the embrace Percy looked over his father's shoulder and stared at everyone in the room. "Well?" He said after Poseidon released him "Well? Well what?" Ethan asked Percy's eyes bore down on him "I just saved your bacon and you aren't going to give me a hug? I'm hurt." Everyone laughed and went over to give him a hug. "I missed you Percy" Lillie said hugging him tightly while Percy looked at her confused "What do you mean Lillie?" "Lille…" Silena said "Lillie?" Percy asked looking down at his little best friend "You were asleep for a week, Percy. The doctors said you weren't going to wake up due to what Annabeth and Kronos did to you both times. I didn't believe them though. You're awake now." Lillie said Percy smiled "Of course, I wouldn't leave you alone." It took several months for Percy to recover correctly and then an extra two months of physical therapy to get his strength back. During this time he was told that Annabeth wasn't a strong enough vessel for Kronos' power. No one was actually and had passed, the news had taken a toll on Athena but she had agreed it was for the best. She, along with the rest of the Olympians apologized for their actions and how sorry they were, only to be shot down with saying how Percy didn't care. But they wanted to make it up to him anyway. Also, His army has grown in size as well, with their last battle with Kronos he was given many young lives, as young as Lillie unfortunately, but he was glad he was eligible to give them a life that they deserved and speaking about Lillie, he was able to convince Aphrodite to let Lillie join his Army, of course not go into battle but after much debate of how she would have a better life up with Chaos and himself she agreed. And everyday their friendship continued to grow and Silena's and Lillie's sibling relationship grows stronger and stronger each day. Oh, and as for Luke and Zoë, they have been in a steady relationship since Percy was admitted into the hospital in Manhattan and they are very happy with each other believe it or not, much to both Artemis' and Hermes surprise. Percy smiled as he remembered those wonderful memories as he began to walk to his desk and looked at the stacks of paperwork that he had yet to do. He sat down and picked one up and sighed, finally he would be able to finish what he originally wanted to do until. That is until he heard someone call his name. "Omega!" Percy sighed, he was never going to finish was he? And that's it! haha I hope you all enjoyed it! This was specifically dedicated to Keotey1228! Was it worth the month and a half long wait? haha Thank you guys for reading! *u* I hope you enjoyed! I again don't own Percy Jackson! :D Please review! :D