to tell me before we go to bed?" He asked. He was done making his bed and put his pillows on the top and laid down. He started brushing his hair with his hands. He looked at the other male as he came back, even without his glasses he could still see the other was very well built. He felt himself blush a little and regretted pulling his hair back now, this being said he pulled the hair tie off so his hair could fall back over his face. He thought a moment "... McBane... William Hades McBane" he replied before getting under the covers of his bed and settling down. He wondered if he really should have told Zeus that, what if he reacted badly? He just had to hope he wouldn't...not again… Zeus looked at him "the William McBane from the big McBane family?" He asked. "Wow, I was able to get here on a scholarship. Your parents probably paid for your enrollment easily" he smiled at him. "You look like a smart guy...was it your parents that got you in here, or was it your own smarts?" He was hoping Pluto would take that as a compliment. "My parent's are farmers , I know what it's like to not like the family business" he said. Pluto blinked "no... no judgments?" he asked looking at the other before turning his eyes to the ceiling allowing his eyes to make images in the darkness. "... No... My father doesn't believe in giving helping hands. You earn your way or you earn nothing. That is what he thinks... believes. I have had nothing but straight A's my whole life. so getting into this school was easy actually. I'm here on a scholarship as well. all good grades and I wont ever have to touch a penny of my father's money. that is the hope anyway." he replied and smiled a little. his sister was paying her own way. her grades weren't as good as his but she did well enough to pass and with his help she aced all her tests. Zeus smiled "I worked to hard to get here" he laughed. "I took my university exams more than five times, the thing that really got me in was my sports ability. Soccer isn't a huge sport in America, but even then my team was the top high school in the U.S." he sighed. "I still work my butt off, the team is all I have" he said. "... You have more than me... I don't really have anything for myself... well unless you count my little sister. I guess when it comes to her I am like you with your friend Tess. that was your girlfriend right? the one you were fighting over and with?" he replied curiously. he knew of his own sexuality of course but he figured given how hard Zeus had been fighting he had to be in a straight relationship with the girl. right? Zeus laughed "only in front of our parents and the other students...I'm totally gay" he said. He smiled at Pluto "Tessy is a lesbian and my best friend, I'm protective over her because she's my friend. Friends are very important to me" the smile went off his face. "Pluto, you can't tell anyone that I'm not dating her though. Both our families are very religious and our lives here in England would be over. I'm giving you trust here, you don't seem like a guy that will tell other's secrets" he said. He was hoping he was right, because if not. Tests was wanna literally kill him and no one would be able to find the body. Pluto blinked and looked at the other in surprise. he was? he didn't look like the type. not that gay really had a type but still. he blushed slightly before turning his eyes back up to the ceiling. he smiled a little as he realized he was being trusted. that was new considering he was normally not trusted at all just because of his name. "who am I going to tell? a tree? I'm a freshman after all and not many people tend to even notice me so I wont be making any friends anytime soon." he reassured. "I promise. it is safe with me." Zeus smiled "good, because Tessy would kill both of us if you told anyone. Oh, and you'll have friends. You've got the star of the soccer team as your roommate, plus Tessy's going to make sure she freaks you out at least once a day. You'll get used to it, she tries to prank me at least twice maybe three times a day. It's a hassle sometime, but I love her. She's like my older sister" he said. Pluto looked nervously at him when he told him about Tess's habits. "I do hope she doesn't... over do it." he said honestly. he wasn't sure his little heart could handle the stress if she did. he gave a light yawn stretching out a little before settling down again. he was starting to get sleepy. he had done quite a bit in the past few hours much to his own surprise. he had never spoken to anyone this long besides his sister. it was kind of nice. Zeus smiled and turned off the lights "goodnight roomie" he said. He pulled his covers over him and closed this eyes "hope your first day of classes doesn't suck" he said. Pluto smiled and soon closed his eyes. before he knew it he was out cold. it normally took him a while to fall asleep. however tonight he was out like a light. by the time morning came Pluto was still out cold only by this point he was sprawled out on his bed. his blanket wasn't even covering him anymore. his shirt had slightly ridden up showing his smooth stomach. it was a slight contrast honestly. a perfectly clean room. a messy sleeper.