right back off and while I think about it go all the way back to your mom, oh wait no you can't because she doesn't care about you." I heard footsteps coming to my back. Great her posse is here. "Look, I'm sorry that I am not worthy enough to walk on the ground that you walk on but at least I know that I will actually succeed in life unlike you, with your snarky additude and your mean comments there is a person in there and that person is just like me and everyone else in the world and if you have a problem with that then keep on bullying me, keep pushing me to the ground like you have been doing for the past three years, but I refuse to listen to your comments anymore and if you have a problem with that go cry to that rich daddy of yours and tell him to buy you a diamond necklace you'll only use once. But I'm done! With you, and your bullying! Build a bridge and get over it girl, because Train Paradise called and I'm going to ride on it to my Paradise and you won't be there. Bye Caypso, I'm done with all the crap you call bullying." I took a breath and turned around to face the Blue Eyed Monster. "Annabeth do you.." he tried asking me. "No, I don't know where Thalia is and even if I did, I wouldn't tell you." I picked my stuff up and passed both a shocked Luke and Calypso with my chin up and my heart pounding. I found the group sitting down and noticed that Thalia and Rachel were gone. "Guys…where is Thals and Rache?" I asked non-aware that they didn't know I was there. "Wh- Oh Hey Annabeth" Nico said after calming down from my "Scare". "Rachel and Thals went to go help you went Rachel saw you bump into Calypso…" Bianca replied laughing at Nico's reaction. "What? I didn't see them when I was with Calypso…" I mused. "They will come back, just sit down and wait." Bianca replied. I tapped my foot against the floor until the second bell rang. "Hey Annabeth, you okay? Your foot is a bit loud.." I heard Rachel say. "Where were you?" I asked frowning a bit. "Well we were trying to find you… but you disappeared." Rachel said with a tinge of annoyance in her voice. I frowned and nodded my head as I stared out to the stage. What I saw made me have mixed feelings. I saw the director of the T.V Show Thalia and I auditioned for. "Shit!" Thalia and I said while I was trying to run and being pushed back by my friends. There are many preformers at this school, Annabeth, after all it is Goode High, known for preformers. Calm down. "Hello Goode High!" said the director. "My name is Calvin Hawk and I'm here to announce the winner of our show…" His name is Calvin? "Many of you auditioned for this T.V. Show but only two won…" I stared at Thalia in shock as she shrugged with a smirk on her face. I'm going to kill her one day. I glared at her as I focused my attention back on ...Calvin."…all of you were great for the auditions, but this audition caught our eye and we'd like it if the winners, Thalia Grace and Annabeth Chase . I could feel people's eyes pierce through my back as I sat there in shock. Bianca punched my shoulder and pointed towards the stage while Thalia grabbed my hand and dragged me down to the stage. I saw Calypso glare at me and this time instead of shrinking back into a corner and trying to disappear, I smiled and laughed, and pretty soon my friends were laughing with me too. That was my new start, my new road, and this time I wasn't going to hide. "Annabeth! Wake up!" Thalia hissed. I looked up to see my mom and Zeus glaring at me. We were in a meeting I guess and I probably fell asleep on the ride home. Shoot! "Annabeth, Thalia, we have to tell you something." My mom said sternly as if I wasn't her daughter. "Zeus, tell them." She said avoiding my gaze. "Uh, do you want Thalia to kill me?" Zeus stared at my mom in disbelief. We laughed at Zeus's reaction as he glared at us. "Ah daddy, don't be afraid of me, I won't kill you, the worst I will do is tell .FunFest. My smile faded as I heard those four words crash through my brain. School. Where my Childhood bully remained and where my dad was. Dad…The twins. I missed them so much. I nodded my head pushing the bad thoughts away and pulling the good thoughts, I sighed as the thought of home came to mind. "You are going to live in an apartment by Goode High where you will be attending. The school has good security so don't worry about the press, it will cool down." I nodded at my mom's words and let my mind drift into thoughts. What has changed? Will it be different this time? Those questions remained in my head as I packed my bags and drove to the airport to my past, to my home. So what you think for my first chapter?! I am pretty excited… Don't expect me to write chapters everyday because I'm writing a book while doing this so sorry:P. Oh and I don't own Stronger by Kelly Clarkson. I am really excited, please leave some reviews, it would mean the WORLD to me and I am trying to figure out the PM thing… Help Please? This chapter is like 4000 words, I will try keep all chapters like this but it takes time... This took me like two days and I had like everything planned out. Okay bye and I hope you like it!