because you don't want him to be a geek.¨ ¨So your telling us, that you're telling me the only reason you volunteer Nico Di Angelo eyes were in a dazed, obviously still in confusion. ¨I think I got it fath-my lord, but I still have to wrap my head around the their are other gods than Greek God concept.¨ Another scowl was sent towards Nico.¨How hard can this be, it shouldn't be that hard to figure out that there are other gods, there are so many myths and pantheon out there. I can't fathom why Zeus gave the order to not tell demigods about those others. Other Pantheons know about your kind, yet demigods do not.¨ ¨Apologies my lord, but not only that they are many kinds of gods out there, but I have to help the kids of another Death God and their apocalypse?¨ask Nico, while thinking why can't I get a break ,I just got out of a war. Hades was thinking Remember what Scathach said, you have to be patient with him. Hades hold himself back from smiting Nico where he stands. ¨Are you busy,Nico?¨ ¨No but-¨ ¨Then I see no problem, and also I owed Osiris a favor, one I obtained a millenia ago. He wanted the best help he can get, and for some unknown reason he chooses you to help his mortal you always stay in the Underworld, looking bored and pathetic, so I generously appointed you to socialise with two teens, so take it because it is going to be one of the few nice moments you would ever receive from me.¨ Plus I don't want another one of my kids to suffer from anti-socialization. I'm hoping these two would influence you to not start a global war, like your last brother. ¨Thank you, Father.¨ Dread and despair fell onto Nico's shoulder, but sensing that there is no escape from this he says ¨Ok, I'll do it, but one last question who's he?¨ That question was directed towards a young man tied down to a chair, with a look that says literally-kill-me. ¨This is Alabaster C. Torrington, son of Hecate, he was banned from Camp-halfblood to prevent an postwar-rebellion. Hecate ask me to shelter him for the time-being, and he might help with your mission.¨ Plus his hatred of Percy Jackson, might convince you to let go of your feelings of that imbecile of a hero. On that word Alabaster struggle against his binding, shaking the chair and barking at Hades, ¨Me help the gods, as if I would do something stupid as that. Why would I help the cold king of corpses and his son.¨ Then he turn his head to Nico, ¨You, it was you that help that idiot gain the Achilles heel and win the war. You and your stupid worshiping of Percy Jackson, cost us the victory. If you didn't interfere that worthless idi-¨ BAM Before Hades could even think of dragging the boy into the field of punishment, Nico tackled Alabaster and start wailing on him. ¨DO NOT EVER INSULT !¨ Before Nico could do serious damage, and huge bat like creature pulled him back. ¨Thank you Tisiphone, I got it from here.¨ Hades eyes were now on Nico.¨ ¨Congratulation Nico, you attack a vulnerable and confine man, you must feel so proud.¨ Nico spluttered,¨But he insul-¨His word got cut off with frost. ¨Does it look like I care, you are my son, and as my son you would not be easily baited like that. Obviously the gentlemen was trying to rile you up as they say, and you easily allowed him.¨ In his head, he thought I think that was the right thing a mortal father would say, not like I would admit it. Nico frown deepen feeling ashamed that that he let his anger get the better of him again. Did I just attack a guy because of my feeling for Percy. Why am I such a freak? ¨Is that all you got Son of Hades, you are so we-¨ ¨SILENCE.¨ Alabaster mouth shut as a child shouted at him as she and another Goddess sitting on the throne next to Hades appeared. The Goddess was looking at the scene with a bored eye, while chewing a bowl of cereal. ¨Mother!¨ The literally close to death teen was release from his bonds but he was magically drag toward the child, and she enclosed the front of his shirt with her fist. Face to face. ¨Are you trying to get yourself killed, lord Hades was courteous to provide you shelter and you're going to it screw up for a petty grudge.¨ ¨But-¨ ¨No buts! You will hear the reading and help Nico's mission, or Fates help me I will feed you to Lamia myself.¨ After the cold declaration she dropped her son to the floor and he got up with silence. ¨Yes, Mother.¨ Persephone then vanish her bowl and summon two thrones, one of them was for the child. ¨Now that was boring, so are we going to start or are waiting for another millenia.¨ ¨Yes my precious daughter is correct, we should get started.¨ Another woman appear on the throne on the left side of Persephone's. She sat down on the throne, and gave Persephone another bowl of wheat. ¨Eat dearest, you're looking a little pasty.¨ ¨Mother stop it. This is my fifteenth bowl of cereal today.¨ ¨As much as I hate to say it, Demeter is right. Nico, since you are mentoring and guarding the hosts of Gods. You must learn from the start of how this all happen and in exchange they will learn the Titan War¨ Hades lit his palm with flames, and the flames formed a rectangular object. The object was toss to Nico and he caught it with a surprise look. ¨A book?¨ Question the lover of mythomagic. He then proceed to read the title. ¨The Red Pyramid.¨ Hades form a smirk on his face, looking ghastly as ever. ¨Lets begin.¨