a little encouraging pat before his whole demeanor entirely changed from that of a goofball to someone entirely thankful and focused. "Can we, maybe talk a bit?" "I'm listening" "Let's get to the cafeteria." Percy started walking away, not even giving a single glance as if he was so sure Will would be following. Will Solace took deep breaths before heading over to Percy's direction. "So, what do you want to talk about?" "Nico was diagnosed with a heart failure when he was eight" "I know. Hazel told me" Percy shook his head. " I bet he never told you the whole detail" Percy popped open his coke in can "That day, we were inside Jason's room playing and Jason and I, we started teasing Nico like we usually do. That time, there's this mythological card game he's so obsessed with and he's got this collection and Jason and I, we ended up hanging it up high and watched as Nico struggled to get them... Percy took a few gulp. "Even back then, Nico had been fairly small for his age and really also stubborn so the stupid child that he is refused to ask for help and started tiring himself out jumping for his card deck and I went out to get one of the adults and before we knew it, Jason had been screaming his lungs out and crying in panic because Nico just collapsed all of a sudden and to this day, Jason and I we still blame ourselves" "I don't think he blamed you two" "We know! That's the harder part. He's just so selfless for the people he care about" "Yeah. I figured that out now" "That's why I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt. I'm trusting you with Nico but if hear one word of you hurting him, I'll make you feel my wrath and trust me, You wouldn't want to be on my hate list" Will gulped but nodded nonetheless. Percy quickly smiled and pat Will on the back. "Now go" Will did found Nico on the rooftop. -Sorry about my outburst earlier Will sat besides Nico and handed him the note. Nico looked at the words written, picked up the post-it pad and the pen Will conveniently placed between them and wrote back. -It's fine. Sorry about my attitude. I knew you were just looking after me. -Also, are we seriously doing this now? Will read Nico's note and smiled -Yes. -Fine. This is like our aesthetic anyway. Will let out a smile. -Can I tell you something? Or maybe write it down since I don't think I'm brave enough to speak Nico looked up at Will and raised a brow. -What? Will quickly wrote a note back but delayed giving it to Nico. As if worried for whatever his reaction might be. With hesitation, Will handed the note. - I really, really like you Nico's eyes widened as his gaze went from the note and then to Will. "Uhm, Nico?" Nico had no idea when did he even move or that he had clutched unto Will for dear life, moving their faces closer together. Maybe it was impulsive. Maybe it was the pent up feelings he had been holding on for so long. Maybe he was just being reckless. Then he kissed Will. Everything around Will and Nico seemed to have stopped spinning. And the only thing that mattered were their intertwined hands and that goofy smile they held for each other. Maybe it could even be that feeling of pure relief. Of things finally settling into a perfect pace. Or it could be that spark of a budding romance both were looking forward to. -Go out with me? -If you haven't asked sooner. I would have asked you out myself "Hey, Will it's Hazel. Can we meet. I needed to talk to you about Nico" "Sure, where do you want to meet?" "I'll text you the place. Also, don't tell Nico" "Okay" "Bye, Will" Not a minute later, Will received a message gave the sleeping Nico a quick peck on the forehead before storming out. He was at the meeting place fifteen minutes later. "Hazel, you want to talk about Nico?" "First, you can sit down, Will" Hazel stated amused pointing to the empty chair in front. "...Sorry" Hazel chuckled before clearing her throat "Nico's got a bucket list" "What?" "You know the list of things you wanted to do and achieve before you die? Your goals in life? Strange and random things you feel like doing. A bucket list? Nico has one of those" "I know what a bucket list is. I've seen that movie" Will looked at Hazel "I just didn't think Nico would actually have one" "Well he does" Hazel dug through her handbag and took a book out and carefully flipped the pages before taking out a yellow paper with parts of it already burnt down. "Nico set in on fire. I saved it just in time" Hazel explained the burnt marks handing the paper to Will. "Look, I need a favor from you" "It concerns Nico isn't it and this list" Hazel can only nod "Whatever was on the list. I want you to do it with him" Hazel spoke with voice so firm "Run away with him. Let him achieve his dreams" "But what about his condition?" Will asked with worry. "That's one of the reasons why. Nico's condition is unpredictable and I thought this would help him a lot. Just in case, you know..." Hazel's voice trembled, unable to say those words. "I'll do it" Will nodded with finality as he unfolded the list. Wow talk about me trying to write drama. Yeah not good. I gave up easily This seemed a little fast paced but I just seriously needed to get this out now since it's been delayed for weeks now. The fourth installment would be a multichap with Solangelo going on road trips and meeting people and more post-it notes.