slightly hurt. It did explain his attraction to the moon. I deserved to know sooner but…I guess it does explain my attraction to the moon , he thought. As if sensing his hurt, she spoke again. "The harsh reality is you were never meant to exist." Ouch. Perseus felt that one. "But I stand by what I said. I have no regrets. I am proud to call you my son. Now, I'm sure you have many questions. Ask away. I am ready for the onslaught." Perseus hesitated. This was a lot to take in. If my mother is Selene, who is my father? "Who is my father?" he repeated aloud. "Ah, of course you'd ask that." She paused for a couple of seconds before continuing. "Your father is Poseidon, God of the Sea's." Perhaps deep down Perseus knew that already. There had been so many signs, looking back on his life. Not to mention how at home he felt in the water. His eyes as well. He had always thought it was a bit strange to have an eye of sparkling silver, and the other deep sea green. "So, does that make me a God?" "Not quite. You see, when you were conceived, I was already weakened. I put every ounce of my remaining power into creating you. Unfortunately, it was not enough to create a fully blooded God. You are only ¾ of a God. More than your standard Demi-God, but as you've found out many times, your blood is red, not golden. This is actually a blessing in disguise. Since you are not a God, you are above the ancient laws, while still containing large swathes of power. You are the best of both worlds, if you will." That certainly is eye-opening, Perseus thought. He was still standing in the doorway. His hands had started to shake uncontrollably, so he gripped both together. This was a lot to take in. "I have one more question," he said, his voice almost a whisper now. "I thought as much, ask away, son," was the reply he received. He suspected he knew the answer to this question, but he had to know for sure. The concept of mortality was not alien to him, and he had heard about Gods being killed before, as contradictory and unlikely as that sounded. "Why now? You could have told me at any time in the last 10 years or so, why now, on this particular night?" "Greece is crumbling, Perseus. It has been happening for years. Rome shall rise, while Greece shall fall and with it, Western Civilization shall shift. The Greek pantheon as we know it shall change. The Gods will follow the flame of civilisation to wherever it burns brightest. The place where the flame now burns brightest is Rome. Unfortunately, the moon, and with it, the sun simply aren't revered in Rome as they are over here. Thus, my fate has been sealed. With less and less worship, I grow weaker. The time shall come where I cease to exist in this plain. That time is tonight. I can feel it. With every passing second I am drawing ever closer to the end." All of a sudden, the world seemed to crash down upon Perseus's shoulders. They had mere hours left. He sank to the floor, his knee's failing him. This was too much for the boy. First my mother tells me she's a goddess and then she tells me she will cease to exist, come sun up. Tough break. "What would you have me do, mother?" "I cannot say, it is for the fates to inform you. Just know that the path ahead of you is un-clear, and un-defined. It would seem your fate is yet to be written. Beware though, for Zeus and Hades will surely want you dead, to spite your father. You must stay clear of them, whatever the circumstances. Above all, be careful with whom you place your trust with. You are powerful Perseus, more than you may ever know. People will want that power. You must not let anyone control you. The sea shall not be contained." That was another shock for Perseus. Free reign certainly is an exciting prospect…No, I mustn't think of this right now, he thought. He silently berated himself for forgetting what was going on. The thought of sinister beings trying to control him also crossed his mind. Surely he wasn't that powerful? He thought of his father as well, and couldn't help but get slightly angry. "Did he ever love me?" "Your father? Of course he did. He still does, in fact. You may not fully understand his reasons for leaving, but you will. Someday, you'll understand." Perseus knew that was all he was going to get on the matter, so he dropped it, though thoughts still lingered. "Now, it's very late. You must get some rest. It has been a long day for you, and I'm sure you'd like some alone time. Know this though, when you wake up, I will be gone." Perseus nodded, solemnly. This is it. It took every ounce of Perseus's strength not to cry. He wouldn't do that to his mother. He loved her too much for that. He had to be strong. "I love you, mom." His voice cracked, tears seriously on edge. "Know that wherever you are in world, whatever you doing, whoever you are with, I shall remain a part of you, the moon shall remain a part of you. Go now, my son, sleep." His eyes grew heavy, but he managed to lift himself off the floor, and into his bedroom, before collapsing on his bed. Before he drifted into Morpheus's realm, it occurred to him that even in the face of a fate worse than death, his mother had maintained her calm resolve, and put on a brave face, never once portraying anything over than love for her son. She did not look away from the ever dwindling moon once.