normally." "I think the dyslexia helped me. You know, this one time," she said. Calypso, meanwhile, snatched the paper out of Annabeth's hand and speeding to Leo's side, said, "Red, blue, yellow, green!" For the red one had said LNKOCU, the blue one CDEO, etc. Leo stepped and sidestepped and twisted and tapped and finally finished with a fantastic ending stance. No one clapped, but a glass popped off the wrist of a superhero's costume in the memento section. "Smooth," Calypso said slyly. "Thank you," Leo said appreciatively. All eight teens gathered around the superhero's costume. Under the glass was a series of buttons. "It's another code," Frank said obviously. "What's this guy's thing for codes?" Jason wanted to know. "I'm more curious about why this Mad Scientist has a secret dance floor," Percy said. Annabeth ran back to the newspaper articles. "This was one—The Mad Scientist called it 'the day of his greatest victory'"—she pulled out an article featuring the headline MAD SCIENTIST WINS THE DAY, TAKES OVER THE CITY—"the date on the newspaper is October 11th, 1996." "He's had this city in subjection for two plus decades?" Frank said. "That's sad," Hazel said, as Piper punched in 10111996. When that didn't work, she tried 101196 and even 111096. "This date isn't working!" Piper said anxiously. "Wait, October 11th, 1996 is the day the newspaper was published. What day did he actually win?" Percy asked. Annabeth read the actual article and said, "The day before. Piper, October 10th, 1996." 101096 won them in. They could hear a distant noise, like something emerging from a hiding place. "Isn't the self-destruct button in the other room?" Hazel remembered. All eight teens dashed back into the Lab; a button had appeared next to the self-destruct button. They ran to it and looked each other in the face. "This must be it," Hazel said. "This has to win us the game." "What if this isn't the end and the locked door in the Trophy Gallery just leads into another room?" Piper worried. "One way to find out." Jason put out his hand, and looked at Piper. She put hers on his, and she looked at Leo. He understand the look, and the others followed his move. All eight hands pressed down as one on the button. Suddenly the time on the computer screen stopped, and confetti showered on them. Lots of whoops and sighs of relief filled the air. "I'm never getting this out of my hair," Leo said, managing to brush a single piece of confetti out. Calypso hung out his arm and said, "Come on. Let's get out of here. Perhaps I can help you, if you can't manage it yourself." "Like I need your help," Leo teased as they all, relieved, went to the locked door at the end of the Trophy Gallery. This time, when Jason tried it, it yielded under his hand. Fiona was there to welcome them, clapping her hands. "Congratulations! You guys escaped! And not a single clue used. Also, I'm pretty sure that's the best time anyone's ever gotten here!" "What was our time?" Percy asked. "We had 23:51 remaining," Annabeth said automatically. She and Percy looked at each other in surprise. "We crushed it," Percy said. "Well, we had to. Can you name any other group of kids in the world who've gotten out of situations like that more than us?" she said. "Also, did I mention at the beginning that I could hear every single word that you guys said?" Fiona said, hands on her hips. They all looked at each other. Frank blushed, Jason whistled innocently, and Leo shrugged, like he wasn't even sorry. "We're pretty weird kids," Percy said lamely. Leo grinned at Fiona as he handed her the walkie talkie. She didn't look like she trusted his grin, which was meant to be totally reassuring. They got a pretty sweet group shot taken: Percy held up a sign saying, 'I couldn't do it alone' while Annabeth held a sign saying, 'Could've done it faster myself!' Jason and Piper held up a sign saying 'WE WON!' Frank's said, 'I wasn't sweating at all towards the end' and Hazel's said, 'We got this'. And Leo held up '#TeamAwesome' while Calypso, looking amused at him, held up their time of 23:51. Fiona ended up taking the pictures on a disposable camera eight times. She didn't see why none of these eight kids had cellphones, or emails, or even regular cameras, but whatever. . . "That was AWESOME!" Leo said, bounding out of the door. "And I didn't epically fail!" "Yeah, I guess that was pretty great," Jason said, giving Leo that as he squeezed Piper's hand. "Congrats to our team captain!" he said, waving a hand at Leo. Leo grinned and Piper made an applause noise with her mouth. "Are you kidding? That was exhausting, and anxiety-filled, or did I miss the 'fun' part?" Frank said. "It was cool, but never again, Leo," Hazel said. "Really? 'Cause that place has a great 'monster' themed room—" "NO, LEO!" His seven friends all had a good, healthy set of lungs that let him know their opinions clearly. "I'm going home and lying down in the living room for a while," Percy said, exhaling heavily. "Think I'll join you." Annabeth leaned her head against his shoulder. Calypso caught Leo's hand, which settled him down a bit. "I liked it, anyway," she said. Leo appreciated that. He squeezed her hand back. 23:51! What a time! And hey, it proved what he already knew: that they were a great team together, all eight of them, and, if they somehow got into a situation like that again (which, you know, would probably happen in the next couple of months anyway), they were prepared to work together and walk out as winners every time. I've done exactly one escape room before and failed exactly one time. Also, I gave myself something like a headache writing this. XP Thanks for reading!