She leaned in towards him. "Percy, I love you too." Together they smiled and whispered, "Forever and always." He leaned in too, and they met in the middle for the most beautiful kiss the universe had ever seen. Piper and Hazel were crying. "That was the most beautiful thing I have ever witnessed in my life," Piper sniffled. Jason said softly, "I agree." Frank moved closer to Hazel and dried her tears with his hand. Leo blew his nose loudly. "What?" he asked the others. "So I get bit emotional. At least I still look manly doing it!" He paused for a minute, then jumped off of his seat. Leo then proceeded to start dancing around the room, shouting at the top of his lungs, "PERCY AND ANNABETH ARE GETTING MARRIED, PERCABETH IS GETTING MARRIED, ANNIE AND PERCY ARE GETTING MARRIED, WHOOP-WHOOP! YEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAH!" "LEO!" Piper, Hazel, Frank, and Jason screamed. "Hehe, I got a little bit too excited?" Leo smiled sheepishly. Back in Percy's bedroom, Percy and Annabeth quickly pulled apart. "What was that noise!?" Percy asked, pulling out Riptide. "I don't know. Maybe a monster attack? I bet some of the mountain spirits are still mad about our victory against Gaea," Annabeth replied, unsheathing her drakon bone dagger. A tear dropped from Percy's eye as he looked at the knife. "Damasen... Bob..." he said weakly. "I... I know. But we're going to get through this together. We're going to build a life, and we'll help each other with the nightmares. We're going to have a happy ending, whether the Fates want it or not." Annabeth said firmly. Percy took a deep breath. "I agree. Now let's go save our friends." They quickly kissed before getting out of bed. Percy and Annabeth crept down the hallway until they were standing outside the Mess Hall doorway. Inside they could hear something being thrown at somebody. On the count of three, Annabeth silently communicated. They burst through the door with their weapons drawn and stopped short. Leo cowered in the corner with Piper standing over his head, brandishing... A popcorn bowl? And Hazel, Frank, and Jason were frantically pushing buttons on a tiny remote, trying to stop a video feed. Annabeth looked at the screen they were pointing the remote at. Displayed on it was Percy's room. "Were you guys listening to our conversation?" she asked suspiciously. "Uh... No?" Leo replied with an overly cheery grin. "Are you sure, Leo?" "I'm sorry, we heard screaming, didn't want to interrupt, and wanted to make sure that you were okay?" Leo stammered. He laughed nervously and tried to move backwards but hit the wall instead. "Annabeth, Percy, we're sorry that we violated your privacy-" Jason started. "Hades! Mom must be excited- her magic is getting stronger... EEEEK! I'm so excited for you two! Ooh, can I see the ring? That was so romantic!" Piper squealed. But instead of getting annoyed at the group, Annabeth laughed and put her dagger away, nudging Percy to cap Riptide. She leaned into his side, laughing, and soon he was laughing too. The first time since Tartarus and the final battle. The rest watched in shock as Percy and Annabeth stood there, laughing. "We're getting married! I'm marrying my Wise Girl" gasped Percy through his laughter. "We don't have to save the world right now!" giggled Annabeth. "Listen to Piper- and look at Leo's face!" Percy snorted. Soon the others joined in their laughter. The horror of the war was over. The pain of watching the two strongest demigods alive being reduced to screaming in the middle of the night and walking around the ship expressionless was a thing of the past. Percy and Annabeth were on the road to recovery, and being together was the key for their healing. They all sat on the floor and exchanged their stories, except for the ones of Tartarus. Percy and Annabeth recounted their many adventures and how they grew to be a couple, and everybody laughed at how Percy seemed to manage angering and annoying the gods. Jason told the group that Nico might have some difficult things to discuss with them, and nothing more. Leo explained his meeting with Calypso, which made Percy happy to hear that she was doing well. After their stay in Tartarus, Percy was convinced that Calypso felt bitter towards him and Annabeth. The group pledged to help Leo find Ogygia and rescue his love. Leo assured Percy that Calypso would enjoy being his friend. After a while, Annabeth and Percy excused themselves to spend some private time alone. Watching the moon shine on the screens showing Camp Half Blood put the remaining demigods at ease. They were going home. When the demigods realized it was too late to try and go back to sleep, they decided to go above deck. But Percy and Annabeth were already there, standing at the bow. The heroes watched as the sun began to rise, and the couple turned to face each other. "Wise Girl?" Percy asked. "Yes, Seaweed Brain," she replied. "How am I going to explain this to your mother?" "The same thing as when you were offered immortality. Nothing. She may think as she would like, but we will do as we please. I love you, you love me. We coexist now, ever since Tar-" she gasped, and shut her eyes tight. Percy gently stroked her cheek."Look at me. I know. I can't say his name either. But we're going to be okay. Nothing can ever come between us. We will help each other heal. We will be together forever." "When did you become so wise?" "Down... in that horrible place. When I realized that I couldn't live without you." They stared deep into each other's eyes. "Percy, I love you." "Annabeth, I love you too." "Forever and always." If you would enjoy reading this with the gods reacting, please review! (I have some ideas handy :D ) Constructive criticism and any comments are always appreciated! Thanks!