deny how much more satisfying things actually are now. No more hiding. No more pretensions. No more living in a life full of lies. Of being in the shadows. Of being inside a persona he created just to please society. People's opinions have been divided. That was to be expected. There are those who openly accepted Nico's sexuality. Others simply don't care.. While some are still trying to grasp the very idea -there had been heartbroken girls after all- and of course, there are those who are completely against the very concept. He received homophobic slurs and looks of complete disgust. In the course of the hour after his coming out, he received countless hate messages and had been called a fag. His locker door had been vandalized. There's those usual shits happening whenever someone chooses to come out. Nico doesn't like it. Doesn't like the way people chooses to hate over something they chose to not understand simply because they're too shallow minded to do so. Though for now, those people who hate? They really don't matter. Because he's doing this for himself and for one other person. Will Solace. So those haters? They can go fuck off. Because society shouldn't be the one dictating how he lives his life. "Will?" The door to the music room opened up and true to Nico's prediction, Will is inside just like how he would mostly spend his Friday afternoons. The blond looked up at him and gave him a nervous smile. Nico gathered his courage and approached. "You told the whole school about you. About us" Nico can see the emotions being reflected along those words. Fear, happiness, worry, relief, confusion, a hint of deniability. Will's currently experiencing a whirlwind of emotions and Nico can't blame him. He felt the same. "I guess I did" Nico finally managed to answer after what felt like eternity. "Why?" It had just been a word and yet it weighed more than a thousand questions. "Because you have a point. You've been waiting on me for so long, now that I think about it and yet you're still there. You never left while I go and perfectly play the role of a coward" "Nico, you're not a coward" "No,Will. I'm a coward and very much selfish" Nico took a deep breath "For the past months, all I did was think about me and never considering you. I didn't even ask you if you wanted to keep us a secret, I just decided for the both of us. And that's because I'm too afraid to commit to who I am. To what we are. And making things worst, I dragged you with me. I'm sorry, Will" "And you think that the way to gain back my favor would be announcing to the entire campus about us?" Nico played wuth the hem of his shirt. A habit he does whenever he's nervous. "Kind of?" "You're annoying at times, you know that right?" Will tried to stay mad but how can he after Nico did that effort of announcing to the whole school about them. It was very brave and very romantic. Will appreciates it much. "I know." "I guess, you're not the only one that needs to apologize" Will stared at the other "I should have understood you more. Wait until you're ready. I'm sorry if I ended up forcing you into coming out and if you hate me now for doing so then I completely understand' Nico didn't bother hiding the amusement in his eyes as he walked by Will's desk and using it as a chair, facing the blonde and then cupping his cheeks with both hands before giving him a long and hard kiss, never letting go until the need for air surfaced. "You do realuze that the reason I did this is you, right? I want to make you happy. To make me happy' Will let out a chuckle. "I never knew you can be poetic' "Sorry, it took me so long" "Well in fairy tales, the prince isn't always on time. At least you tried to make it up for your lateness" Nico let out a small laugh "So I am your prince?" Will nodded vigorously. "Aha" Nico grinned at that "You're adorable" "And you're a dork. My Uni jacket looks good on you" "It proves that I can rock anything you'll make me wear. Even garbage bags" "You're not fond of that Hawaiian Shirt coach Hedge gave you last year" "Well it's too floral-ly or whatever term will suffice" Nico made a face of pure disgust before facing Will and staring at him with an edge of seriousness. He laughed bitterly, causing Will to look at him face full of concern. "How do I say it? I don't even know how to start. Uhm, sorry, I've been selfish but can I be selfish one more time? Because fuck, I knew I screwed up and I did things you didn't like and I'll probably do it all over again but I love you too damn much and I don't want to let you go so please Will can we start over?" "Wow. Sap" Nico frowned "I'm trying to be serious here. So if you may please" Will shook his head "Tsk. Tsk. What's with the attitude di Angelo?" The blond let out a deep breath and faced the other. Face all serious. "Anyway, you can't take me back- Nico takes his words from a few weeks back. There's something much more scary than seeing Leo Valdez butt naked. And it's happening now. The punk guy's breath hitched, unable to grasp more air as he tried to swallow hard. - because, I never went away" And suddenly the air cleared up again and everythig in Nico's world is perfect. "But no more hiding or running away? Please, Nico" "Yes no more of that" Nico clasped their hands together and guided them to his chest "Promise" Will can't help smiling the whole day. A