in her tone, only genuine curiosity as for why I would want to spare her. We had moved past the jealousy stage in our… relationship? Friendship? Neither of those words really described us accurately at all. "I don't know," I replied honestly. "Probably. I… I just can't lose somebody else." Annabeth and I had been through too much – tempered by the hottest flame, forged by the Fates and less than ideal circumstances… it was honestly hard to say what I felt for her. For anybody, really – I was really bad when it came to my emotions. The point was, I just couldn't let her die. Not after Grover. Tyson. Juniper. So many… Katie heard the hitch in my voice. I thought I knew what she was thinking – pussy. But to my surprise, she reached over and squeezed my hand. "Okay, Percy. Okay." There were way too many emotional vibes – way too many fucking feels – going through the air for my tastes. Oh yeah, and there was a minute left before I was stuck between a rock and a hard place. Death by exhaustion or death by arrow. Fun. My bracelet heated up in anticipation, breaking up the shitty atmosphere. It was a signal for us to get ready. Three. "Maybe Ethan isn't completely useless after all. Four minutes and thirty seconds." I stood up with Katie at my side, staring at Camp Half-Blood. I couldn't see her, but I could feel her empowering presence by my side. I stored the picturesque view of the camp in my mind – it would never look like this ever again. It heated up again, warmer this time. It burned my skin. Two. I uncapped my sword, comforted by the presence of the familiar object. It wasn't Riptide, but it'd have to do. Despite me not being able to see it, I could feel its soft bronze glow, shining with promise. Katie reached over and gave me a one-armed hug, and we stood unmoving. "You want this," she said. "We're going to make the world a better place. This is the first step towards the Sixth Age." That quashed the last bit of my conscience. I gripped my sword tighter in anticipation. The charm heated up yet again. I definitely would need some burn ointment after this. One. Katie and I flipped up the hoods of our jackets, each charmed with some face-concealing magic mumbo jumbo. After all, it wouldn't do us any good to have our secret identities revealed. Heh, superheroes. I stopped, having just thought of something. "Hey." I faced the air where Katie was with a grin. "Since this is like a military op type-o-deal, don't we get one of those cool operation names as well? Like Operation Barbarossa ?" I'm not sure, but I think I just used Hitler as an example of something cool… "Well, since Ethan's in charge, technically it's his choice... but yeah man, Operation Percy's Retarded has now been commenced. Satisfied?" "That's classified." I paused. "Damn, I've never gotten to say that before." Katie laughed. We hadn't bothered keeping our voices down so close to go time, so the Hunters' keen ears picked us up, even from well over a hundred feet away. Several stepped forward outside the boundary, trying to pinpoint the source of the noise. An easy ruse. My bracelet glowed one final time, with a heat so intense that I was positive I'd have a scythe image branded into my wrist the next time I saw it. Execute. Arrows whistled over my head, slamming into the Hunters that had stepped over the property line. Katie squeezed me with genuine affection one last time, and then together we severed the invisibility charm. An army – our army, my army – appeared out of nowhere and stormed the hill. I could only but smile and join them in the glorious battle. no, baby show me how to love you (tell me your name…): Part I of a two part prologue, mostly dialogue (sorry, it's a setup for the second part). The prologue is basically a really long glimpse into the future (character development and tone for the most part, along with the endgame of the first arc) – in the end, the thing was at least five freaking thousand words longer than planned (it wasn't even supposed to be split). Anyways, don't worry if you don't understand the hints because they'll be explained further in the story. The second part is mostly written – it's about 7500 words of Annabeth POV sequencing the battle – more fast-paced than this part, I swear. I'll finish it up sometime this week something. If anybody wants to beta it as well, that'd be dope because since I only write while intoxicated, I don't actually proof anything. Cheers. Prologue II Preview: The Apollo cabin reacted first. They had been practicing archery along the lake edge, and thus were the closest to the action when it began. The air shimmered as the sky suddenly exploded with Apollo's magical arsenal – sonic, incendiary, and other arrows of all kind were unleashed at the enemy to devastating effect in a never-ending stream of rainbow color. What was left of the Hunter envoy joined them a second later. Ares's flying chariot flew overhead, pelting the enemy with Greek firebombs. Green fire rocked the world as monsters and men alike burned alive on the ground in the intense green flame, fusing together in a grotesque art display of body parts. The rest of the cabins soon followed. Dozens upon dozens upon dozens of demigods – many of which were barely able to get any armor on – came running from the cabins like a dysfunctional riot. They met Kronos's army with all the heroism a half-blood could ever ask for, in a whirlwind of bronze and a battle cry that would make even Ares jealous. Annabeth felt invigorated despite herself. Grammar Polish: 06 November 2014. Credit - Tinkling Shards.