only lasted a few seconds before the seriousness took over. "Things had gotten slightly better when Persephone came into the picture. Father was back to the same man he used to be when Mom had been alive. We're a happy family once again but..." Nico stopped dead on his tracks, unable to continue as his body started trembling. Sensing the discomfort, Will wrapped the other into a hug and started whispering comforting words. "Shh, it's fine Nico. Take deep breaths" Will rubbed the other's back soothingly. Nico buried himself into his boyfriend's chest. "It's my fault she died!" Nico then spoke in almost hysterics. "If only I had been braver and refused to cover for her with father and Persephone so she could go to a concert then she would still be alive. I shouldn't have let her go that night! I'm a coward and I led Bianca to her death..." "Listen to me, Nico. What happened is not your fault" "It is, okay! I'm a terrible person" "No you're not. Bianca's death is not your fault so stop thinking that" Will spoke, determined to let his boyfriend out of the guilt that has been eating him for years. "No one could have predicted that it would happen. You're not a terrible person so please stop thinking that way. I don't think anyone blames you for Bianca's death so you should do that same" "But-" "No but's Nico" Will stated firmly "This may be blunt to say but, you living in self wallowing over something that you have no control over, it's long overdue. Move forward Nico and continue living" "It's not that easy, Will" "Who says it is? But Nico, things won't get better unless you start it yourself" Will spoke calmly looking at the other straight in the eye. "I still don't think that you're at fault but if that's what you insist, then it's time to forgive yourself and then move forward from that" Nico smiled timidly, the emotion not reaching his eyes "If I did do that, would you or anyone else be there?" Will gave the other a gentle kiss on Nico's forehead "Of course, I'll be there and I'm sure everyone who cares for you would be too. And even if I never got the chance to meet Bianca, I'm sure she'll want you to start being happy again" "One step at a time?" Will gave the other a chaste kiss before smiling "One step at a time" ~Solangelo~ Will would be lying if he didn't admit being surprised after Nico led him to a particular place. "Nico?" "Come, we're almost there" The other boy grabbed Will's hand and pulled him to a certain direction. The blonde never bothered questioning and just went with the flow. Almost a minute later, they stopped. "Here we are" Nico spoke with a slight smile. Will read the words. Bianca di Angelo A loving daughter and a caring sister Will forever shine like the stars above the night sky "The last line was taken from one of the poems she wrote" Nico informed. Will didn't have to know but the other still told him and for that, he was thankful. "I bet she's real good with poetry" "She is. She likes to write a lot. Back when we we're younger, Hazel and I, we don't like the thunder that much and she would often tell us made up stories about a knight battling a giant and the knight would win causing the giant to shout in frustration which is actually the reason why there's thunder. Then she would tell us that it's okay to hear the thunder because it meant that the giant who is actually real bad had been defeated" Nico knelt down placing the orchid on top of the grave. Will simply watched the other knowing that Nico needed this moment to himself and yet he wanted someone to be there and be his support. Will was glad the person had been him. "Hello, Bianca. How have you been doing? I hope you're happy. Hey, I finally got a Hades figurine for my mythomagic collection. Turns out that Percy had one with him all this time but it was forgotten since it wasn't Finding Nemo related" "Hazel's got a boyfriend. Franks a cool guy but if he dared hurt her, I give you permission to hunt his dreams or his house" "Thalia's still the same man-hating cousin. Last I heard, she sent the pharmacist from the local drug store to the hospital after trying to flirt with her" "Percy and Jason are still idiots. Must be hard for Annabeth and Piper to keep them in check" "Dad and Persephone are still going strong. I think Demeter's finally warming up to dad, if sending that huge cargo box of cereals were any indications. The again, it's a fact that dad hates cereals" "... and, I found someone and I would like you to meet him" Nico motioned for Will to step closer. "Hello, Bianca. It's nice to meet you" "His name is Will and he's an idiot who talks to plants and spends more than bodily acquired time under the sun and we used to argue at all times. Also, I really like him a lot" ~Solangelo~ Persephone weren't that surprised when Will entered the room, hand holding a single yellow tulip and approaching Nico. And she shouldn't have been that surprised when Nico planted a soft kiss on Will's cheek with face pink with embarrassment. This was supposed to be all fluff and candy-coated sweet but ideas happened and things got deeper... but generally it's more percent Solangelo being dorks so I still achieved my goal. And there is some drama. I really enjoyed writing this one and I hope you enjoyed reading it too. Flower Symbolism. At least according to the sites I got it from. *Tulips (yellow)- there's sunshine in your smile. *Pink Cymbidium Orchid- Pink orchids symbolizes grace, joy and happiness among others.