Weird since the last he knew, he had been having a walk around their neighborhood. His cousins and friends weren't there since they had to attend school and Nico, who felt a little bored had taken a stroll. So why is he on his bed? The door opened revealing his stepmother. "Nico? How are you feeling?" "How?" "Leo and Piper saw you passed out on their way home. Supposedly, they're about to call for an ambulance but knowing how you hated hospitals, they decided in taking you home instead" Persephone explained "I've already called your doctor and alerted him of what had happened. He says you fainted due to too much exhaustion but either wise you're fine but if anything happens, he reminded to be called immediately" Nico nodded in understanding. "Do you need anything? Are you hungry?" Nico shook his head. "No, thanks. Can I be alone for now?" "Of course. If you need something, call me" -Why are you so adamant in trying to know me? Am I your next charity case? -Okay, fine I have a confession. At first, it's my want to help people that kicked in but as I get to know you better, it's not only the idea of helping you that started to matter. I genuinely really wanted to know you. I want to be your friend. I want to be part of your uhm, life. Nico had no idea how long he had stared at the words. It was overwhelming and it felt really nice. Still, he had doubts. -What a sap. -You'll eventually get tired of me, it won't be surprising if it does happen. People always come and go. No one in your life is permanent Nico can't explain how but he can feel Will's disappointment on his latest note. And admittedly, he felt guilty. -Wow pessimist much. Too bad for you then, I don't tire that easily with people. I'll be sticking with you for a long time... like for eternity long. I already planned my life that way. Your objections are invalid. -You know, I really want to meet you right now. Just so to prove that my intentions are crystal clear. I really want to know you more, Nico. -I guess meeting you would be fine. I'll think about it. Nico felt nervous while writing the note and for some reason, it wasn't about meeting Will in the flesh for the first time. He's excited about that part. He just can't shake away the feeling that something is about to happen. He can't be anymore right. "There's this new treatment overseas and I have plans to take you there. We're scheduled to leave the day after tomorrow" Hades di Angelo had always been blunt and straight to the point. Always making decisions without consulting the people that might be involved. In this case, Nico. "Why are you telling me this just now?" Nico clearly did not bother hiding the disbelief in his voice. "Because if I had told you earlier, you would have done everything to stop it" Hades spoke calmly but with firmness in his voice. "Of course I will! My life is not yours to manipulate and have decisions for! Did you even ask me if I wanted to be under another stupid treatment?" "Stop acting immaturely, young man" Hades spoke with finality "We'll be leaving and I want all of you to pack your belongings. My decision is final" Nico placed his utensils none to gently on his plate before standing uo and walking out of the dining table without a word. "Nico!" Hades was about to reprimand his son when Persephone motioned him to stop. "Let him calm down, first. I'll try talking to him later" -Hey, so stuff happened and I can no longer meet with you. -Uhm. I'm leaving tomorrow and I don't know when I'll be back or if I'll ever get back at all. Sorry if this sounded like you're being stood up or something. -I'll leave you my contacts. Uhm... try calling me or leaving me a message? -I'm Sorry, Will "We need to go, Nico" Jason carefully tapped Nico's shoulder "Hazel won't be able to cover for you for so long" "Can't we... Can't we stay a bit longer? Maybe he'll show up?" "We've been here for an hour. We really need to go" Nico took one last look at the note, maybe in hopes that if he kept glancing it'll magically slow time. It did not. And Nico had been broken before but this, this is different because for the first time he had wanted to try unto something, to try and take a risk "Jason I'm tired" "Do you want me to carry you? I can give you a piggy back ride" Nico chuckled humorlessly at the response. "Not that kind of tired" Nico's voice trembled as he desperately tried to stop the tears from falling down but to no avail. He ended up just letting it flow, maybe just this one time it's okay to be vulnerable. "I'm tired of being tired. I'm tired if the fact that I've practically given up on my life but the moment I would find a simple reason to keep on living, I can't have it's luxury. I'm tired and it's unfair' "I'm sorry, Nico. If only there's something I can do" Alas, through some cruel stroke of fate, the post-it got unstuck and down it went on a corner, hidden and mostly unnoticeable. Probably never to be seen again. The wind blew by but instead of the sweet whistles it usually accompanies, the chimes seemed to have sounded bitter and sad. As if it was mourning for the two souls both unaware with fate's cruel little trick. Because it's never going to be easy. Would it? Double the heartbreak? Why must I keep the torture going? Excuse my poor attempt on giving feels. I should stop myself on trying to write hurt/comfort fics it's not my forte.