the first ones to get out of the room. Straight to that guy he call's his boyfriend. Yeah. Nico's still bitter about the fact that Will's taken. He didn't manage to keep his thoughts about the other away. Go sue him. "If it's Hazel you're looking for, she already left with a couple girls. They picked her up not too long ago" Will spoke blankly, never bothering to properly acknowledge the other's presence. Nico narrowed his eyes. Something is currently off with Will. "Yeah, I know. I just got a text from Hazel" Nico supposedly was to pick Hazel since Frank had to be somewhere after their dance lessons. It was already too late when Hazel told him there had been a slight change in their plan and that his sister would be spending some girl bonding time with Reyna and the rest. "Why are you still here? Wasn't he supposed to have picked you up?" "Oh, he was here earlier" Will's voice was almost inaudible. "Where's he now?" "I don't know. Somewhere? Probably currently exchanging saliva with the guy he dumped me for" The blond shifted only a little but it was enough for Nico to notice the other's now tear strained cheeks. Nico found himself occupying the space beside the other. "Want to talk about it?" When Will didn't answer, Nico assumed that the blond doesn't want to. Whatever is going on between the two, despite Nico's wish for the worst - like them breaking up. Bad thinking, he knows- he wouldn't want to force the other to speak. "I joined the dance class for him, you know" Will finally open his mouth, "He said he wanted for me to try something new. He was so happy when I told him I'm now learning how to gracefully move my body. He was supportive, turned a lot sweeter than how he used to be. He would even buy me small gifts, almost every day you know. He wasn't like that before, hell, he even forgot our anniversary" Will paused, "It was strange, the way he had been acting. His gestures, his apparent sweetness" The blond laughed bitterly, "Turns out, he had been two-timing me for quite some time now and today, he finally dumped me for that other guy" "I'm sorry, Will" Nico wanted to hug the other, give a quick blame to himself for the other's suffering. Sure, he had hoped for the two to break up but seeing Will looking like how he is now, Nico wanted to hit himself hard. He doesn't like seeing him like this. "Don't be" Will take a deep breathe "Thanks for listening. Sorry, I vented on you" "It's not a big deal" Nico casually handed a handkerchief and silently insisted when Will won't take it. "Hazel always makes sure I have an extra. So just take it, Sunshine" "Sunshine? That's a new nickname. Not really the personification of Sunshine now, though" Will chuckled humorlessly "Now, I don't even know where to use everything I learned. Sorry but, it looks like your teachings would have to end in vain" Nico looked at the other before biting his lower lip. A decision having done in his head "You know, it doesn't have to go to waste" Will look at him, confusion laced in his now puffy-red eyes. "What do you mean?" Nico simply stood up, placed his phone on one of the empty chairs and held his hand out to the other. "Dance with me?" "W-what?" Nico had the nerve to roll his eyes at the other, "I said, dance with me. You know, that thing when your body would move gracefully with the music?" Will scoffed "I know what a dancing is, di Angelo. I want to know why you'd want to do it with me?" "Why not?" "Because Paolo doesn't want to. Maybe that's why he left me for someone else" Will tried to act nonchalant but his facial expression managed to betray him"So, I can't see how you'd want to dance with me" "First, do I look like a Paolo to you?" Nico raised a brow and gave the other a 'not so happy about the prospect' look "Second, what's so bad about dancing with you? I mean, we've done it before and who knows, maybe, this time around you won't be stepping on my foot" "Hey!" Will half-yelled in protest "Not my fault I can't keep up with your moves." Nico actually snorted at those words, "You're one fine dancer if I say so myself. So, dance with me?" "Okay, I better put my newly acquired skills to work anyway and make sure I do great out of spite" Will finally agreed, wiping whatever is left from his tears "But, right now? There's no music" "You don't really need music if you know the moves" Nico shrugged "But, I don't mean right now" "So, if not now, when?" "This Sunday, there's going to be a Valentines Day Dance and I hope we can go together?" Nico quickly shook his head at the look Will gave him "N-no, not as a couple. Just as, uh, friends" Then his eyes widened in sudden realization. "It's a Valentines Day Dance. What the fuck am I thinking? Sorry. Just forget about it" Will's gaze lingered for quite a bit longer than what is comfortable for Nico. Maybe, it's a bad idea. The guy just came out of a breakup after all and Nico's taking him to a dance filled with couples? What's up with that? Yeah, wrong move Nico. But then, finally, finally he gave a nod. "Yeah, Let's put my moves to the grooves" The blond winked at Nico but the appreciation in his eyes cannot be missed. Nico saw it but decided to not make a fuss. For now, he'll focus on making Will happy. He looked at the blond all slyly, "Oh, gods! Please don't do that again. I'm having secondhand embarrassment right now, Solace!" Will just laughed at him.