a different place now." "But you're here now, when can we go home?" She started crying, "This is a long distance call to where I'm at. Please know that I will always love you, and I will always be proud of you." "When will I see you again?" "Someday, you will see me again, just… not for a while." "I can't wait, can't you come back now? I want to work on my math with you." "I can't, it's against the rules. From now on you need to work on your math with your Dad. This isn't goodbye forever, just for now." "Mommy, you're scaring me." "Don't be scared, it's like… heaven. I'm in heaven." I had started crying. "Mommy, why are you in heaven?" "I…" She was really crying now, "I can't tell you." "Come on Sam, let's go get some hot chocolate." He looked so sad, and he didn't want to go, but he did with a slight tug from Mom. I watched Sam be led away, and as he looked back, I saw a tear slide down his cheek. "Hey." Annabeth said once Sam was out of earshot. "Hey," I said. She paused, "How many-" "Not as many as we could have. There was 5 that didn't make it out with their groups, and… there was your group." "Yeah" I felt the hot tears flow down my face, "I love you so much." "I love you too," She paused and cleared her throat, "I could never not love you. Remember when you exploded Mt. St. Helen's, and then you were back, and everyone thought you were dead?" "Yeah, how could I forget." "I wish I had just gotten lost. That would have been so much better." "Yeah, I just wish I had been there so you wouldn't have had to be alone." "I'm glad you weren't there, it's hard enough for Sam." "Yeah" "So, I guess this is goodbye." "Yeah, but it's not forever." "Not by a long shot." "So… goodbye." "Goodbye." I went to the side a bit, so the strange guy could come forward. "Magnus." she said. "Guess this is what you meant when you said I could have come to you. I don't even know what's going on, but I think it's what happened to me, kind of." "You had a loop hole." "I said kind of. But I don't think I'll see you in Asgard." "Nope, I'm in the underworld. It's very different, I think, but I've never been to Asgard." "Ok, did you have your weapon in your hand?" "Yeah." "Then I think you're good." I had no Idea what they were talking about, but it kind of made sense. We know Romans and Egyptians, how difficult is it to have a Norse group? "But, I don't think you'd like it." "Ah…" "So…" "We'll probably never meet again." "Well, we have no idea what will happen, I haven't been up there in a while." "Ah, well, this is goodbye." "Yeah, goodbye." "Goodbye" He walked toward the field of mars where everyone was gathering, and her family walked by me. "Hey pumpkin, I have no idea what's going on, your cousin's alive, camp fell, we're a some sort of other camp, and most importantly, you can actually say goodbye after death." "Yeah, it must be very confusing for you." "Uh, duh, but nonetheless, I'm proud of you. You are one of the bravest people I know." She smiled, "Thanks Dad." Her family started crying, and her brother said, "We miss you big time. We have no idea what happened, but we love you." "I love you too." They started to file past me toward where everybody was collected in the field of mars. She talked with our college friends, and then with the gang, then with Reana and piper. Until there was only Nico and I. "Nico, thank you so much, I was so worried that neither camp survived." "It was no problem, really. The least I can do for my friends." "Thanks man." "Goodbye, Nico." "Goodbye. Say hi to my dad for me." "Alright. Percy?" "Yeah?" "You'll do great with Sam. I know you will." I couldn't keep it together, I cried and cried, while she cried and cried, until we had no tears left. I noticed she was starting to fade. "Goodbye, Percy, I'll wait for you, but don't come too early. I expect you to have a long and full life." "Goodbye, Annabeth. I swear on the river Styx that I will, as much as I can." Thunder cracked in the sky. Then she was gone completely. I saw Nico go over to the group and call them over, and I started making water yarn and rolling it into balls. When they got back, piper put down some cut strands, while I put down some cross pieces, and everyone put at least one strand. During the entire time I was crying, so I collected them in a ball above my head so I could weave them in. when we had a cohesive piece, everyone started embroidering on the edge. In my part, I put Sam waving at her from a book. While he and I were looking over at a boat in the dark. In a unanimous vote, her cabin got the middle while everyone worked on the border. Finally, it was done just before dawn, and by the time we had the fire all set up, and Nico had blessed it, it was dawn. Then Nico made the ritual for her to get to Elysium. Together, Sam and I placed the shroud on the fire, And Nico moved to other fires to help with getting them to Elysium. After everyone was done, Mom and my family, along with Sam, went to the tent city. I waited for everyone to leave, Nico made sure that Annabeth's family made it home safe, and then I finally let my head fall onto the pillow, while Reana's crew built a shelter for me.