was a passcode lock. Chiron typed a password. The door swung open. The door led to stairs. It had an escalator button. He clicked it so he could fit his wheelchair. He beckoned me to follow him. I did so. As we were walking down the stairs, I asked him, "Chiron what is this?" "Salix my dear boy," remembering my new name, "is a passage created after we found out the last child born to one of your uncles. Around that time was the same time Poseidon died. We build this so if anyone did inherit the power, and become the NightStalker, they would live here in cabin 3. However, the other 4 children born to your uncles never knew about it because they were raised here. After each of them turned age 12 we built this. So we finished building this only a few months ago." When we made it down the stairs there was a room, just a single room. The room had a large computer on the far wall. On the left side there was a door, and on the right side there was display cases. One had a black Pen on the mantle and the label read Anaklusmos. In the next, case was an armor set. (Kind of like the nightingale armor in Skyrim just a lot more modern.) The armor had empty sheathes at its side. Such as hand guns, hunting knives or throwing knives. The next one had a solid black Trident. Leather grip, deadly point. Chiron noticed me looking at the armor and display cases. "The Trident was the symbol of your father. For Zeus lightning, Hades the dead." I nodded. In the last case was a black bow, with black arrows next to it in a black leather sheath. "The bow is made of the same material as the Trident in the case. " "What's that door lead to?" "The door leads to your personnel transportation." Chiron walked over to the wall and pressed the button next to it. The door opened. The door revealed a large garage with a black Yamaha bike, a black Camaro, and a F-117 Nighthawk. "Wow. And this is all mine?" "Yes." I stared at awe at all the stuff. "Wait, but I can't drive." "The vehicles have an auto pilot. Say if you wanted to shoot a gun, but you need to keep an eye on the road. There's auto pilot. However, you still need to know how to drive such things." "Okay." After he showed me around my cabin he showed me around the camp. The arena is for tournaments, there is a giant pavilion, where the cabins meet and socialize. I learned some of the campers, my cousins, Jason and Thalia, brother and sister, Co-Heads of 1, Sky and aircraft. Katie, head of cabin 4, agriculture and Clarisse, head of 5, War and military. Malcolm head of cabin 6, which was war and strategy. Will Solace, head of 7, suns, music, and medicine. Beckendorf, head of 9 iron, metal working, and inventions, and Silena, head of 10 love. More of my cousins, Nico and Bianca, brother and sister, Co-Heads of 13, the Dead and the underground. All of the campers were cool except Clarisse, which was okay because she seemed like the kid to pick on newbies. Everyone only knew me as Salix Ryker here. I had to get used to them calling me that. Life was great, I have better education than I ever did at public school, and I'm not nearly starved to death every day. The only thing I regret is leaving my childhood friends, Annabeth, Leo, Juniper, Grover, and Piper. I wonder how they managed to get Gabe in Prison, and erase me from their minds. I wonder? PROLOGE Final Part: Annabeth How long has it been since the last time I saw Percy? 2 months? I arrived at school, today excited to see him. He was supposed to be attending my school. Goode middle. I haven't seen him yet. I was waiting in a seat, Mr. Blofis, the principal of Goode, came out. "Annabeth Chase. Come here, please." I looked up and walked over to Mr. Blofis. "what's up?" "I need to speak to you in private." I walked with him down to the office. When we reached his office, he shut the door behind me and sat down, while motioning for me to do the same. "Annabeth, I've heard you are good friends with Percy Jackson. Correct?" "Yes." This caught my attention. "A few minutes ago we received a call from the police department. They said they found something disturbing." "What was it?" "They found a letter. With Percy along with it. The Letter was a suicide letter. Written by him. The police asked me to ask you if this is his handwriting?" He handed me a letter that was in a laminated plastic. The Letter read, Dear People that care about me, My name is Percy Jackson. I have been abused by my Step-Father Gabe. Smelly Gabe I like to call him. I found out my mother died. I don't what to do with myself. I have nothing left. The one I care most about is gone. My world has fallen into a pit, a pit that I can't escape from. I'm ending my world, so I can see my mother, So I can start anew. From, Seaweed Brain, Percy Jackson. "That's his handwriting. But where is Percy now?" "Percy was found hanging down from an apartment balcony. This letter was found near the site. We asked a few others if this was his handwriting. The same as you. They confirmed it to be true. " (This was not meant to rhyme. I didn't know it rhymed until I read re-read this chapter. Sorry.) "So where is Percy?" "Percy's Dead." DUN DUN DUUUNNN! Jk. I don't know if this is a cliffhanger or not, but if it is the BETTER! Sorry for any grammar mistakes. Please Review!