I don't think that they're for the same reason. Asian Baby Wrestler Guy and Golden Eyes also looked on the verge of Panic Attacks, and I think they were for the same reason as Kelp Head. It sounded like everything had gone silent, but I knew that the sounds of the feast were still roaring in the background. Percy recovered first and started talking to Tyson. "I think I'm just gonna leave before things here get ugly… Hey Kit-Kat! Wanna come with?" I asked her, offering her my hand. She smiled and took my hand as we left the forum, the sounds of Teddie Killer and Arachnophobe arguing about what Stick Chicken Girl had said, and whether or not it was a prophecy, fading into white noise. I took Teddie Strangler's side, but didn't show it. Please feel free to use these OCs: Pyre Sol the Claw-hog- Pyre was once the prince of Blaze's home world, before being mutated by the Blacklight Virus and moved to the world of the Arabian Nights. All rights for the Blacklight Virus go to the creators of the game Prototype . I did not invent the Blacklight Virus. I am simply using it in my story. He has both Pyrokinesis and Psychokinesis. Pyre's mother, Blaze, was killed in the assassination attempt that mutated him. He was three years old at the time. His baby sister, Ulbara, was 3 months old when Blaze died, leaving Silver as the ruler of the Sol Kingdom. When Pyre was 7, he was sucked into the world of the Arabian Nights. When he was 8, he was taken in by Savol Roi and Petillika Rye. When he was 26, he met Cora Flamespine the Were-hog, Guardian of the Seven World Rings. When he was 30, he married Cora. When he was 32, their son Blacklight was born. for the next 16 years of his life, he trained Blacklight to take Cora's place as Guardian of the Seven World Rings. When he was 50, he started a rebellion against the Erazor Djinn. When he was 53, he died in battle with Erazor, and his son Blacklight took over as leader of the Rebellion. Pyre has no idea what a year is. He refers to a person's age in "Moons" or months. If you asked him his age when he was 10 years old, he would tell you that he is 120 Moons old. His fur is the same color as Silver's, and he has a small patch of chest fur on his chest, and his quills curve forward. He is dressed in an Arabian keffiyeh, or desert mask, which covers his face, and a desert robe which covers the rest of his body,aside from his arms, which are muscly, black, and furless. Each one has a large orange vein curling down it. Instead of hands, he has five black claws that can close into a cone over its base: his wrist. Pyre's forearms get wider and wider, until they reach the area that his wrists would be, with a radius of 2 inches. Savol Roi- Savol Roi is a mobian Stag(male Elk), with Chaos powers similar to Shadow's. In the reality that he, Pyre, and Petillika are native too, Prof. Gerald created an army of Ultimate Lifeforms to defend the galaxy from the Black Arms, sending two to each inhabited planet. Savol and Shadow were like brothers, until they were separated by Savol's disappearance into the world of the Arabian Nights. Two years before being sucked into the Arabian Nights, Savol killed Scourge for raping Petillika. His Chaos powers are: Chaos Beam , where Savol gets down on all fours, pointing his antlers at his target, and fires a beam of Chaos energy from each of the razor sharp tips of his antlers. This attack is the equivalent to Shadow's Chaos Blast attack. The next attack, Chaos Bolt , is the equivalent to Shadow's Chaos Spear attack. However, the execution and the power itself differ from Chaos Spear . Savol extends both of his fists, and two bolts of Chaos Lightning are fired from each fist. Savol impaled Scourge with his antlers right after using this attack on him. He shares his final power with all other Ultimate Lifeforms: Chaos Control . However, he does not require a Chaos Emerald to utilize this power. He has strong feelings for Petillika, though he does not know if she feels the same way. He has killed several others for attempting to beat up Pyre because of the Claw-hog's mutation. He wears the traditional Celtic tribal male attire and has Celtic tattoos on his arms. Petillika Rye- Petillika is a mobian Doe(female Deer or Elk), with extreme prowess in Karate, Judo, and Tae-Kwon-Do. She and Shadow were like brother and sister, though she had always hoped for more than a brother/sister relationship with Savol. She is completely oblivious to his feelings for her. She was raped by Scourge two years before being sucked into the world of the Arabian Nights. When she and Savol found a shivering and homeless Pyre Sol, they took him in and she acted as a mother figure to the young Claw-hog. She wears the traditional Celtic tribal female attire and has Celtic tattoos on her arms. Please keep in mind that they are from a reality where Sonic is with Sally, Amy is with Shadow, Knuckles is with Shade, Sally isn't bitchy, and Scourge and Blaze are dead, so they will be quite shocked the first time they see alternate relationships, Sally being bitchy, or Scourge or Blaze even being alive. They do not have the same morals as Team Freedom, Team Fighters, or even Team Dark, and will not hesitate to kill anyone that gets in their way while on a mission. Pyre should be 125 Moons old at the start of your story. I do, after all, have the rights to him. if you want to figure out how old 125 Moons is, do the math.