sight. Sophia lay bouncing on her mother's stomach, while Annabeth convulsed on the bed. With wide-eyes she ran forward, and used every trick she could think of to save the new mother, but nothing worked. Then, after a few minutes of attempting to save her life, the woman's heart stopped. Turning to duo standing in worry, she said, "I'm sorry." o0o Next Day Percy o00 "Mister Percy Jackson?" A deep voice from the other end of the phone line, said. "Yes?" "I am sorry to tell you this, but there was a car accident earlier today, involving Sally and Paul Blofis." His voice was small, covered in grief, "Continue." "Unfortunately, neither made it out alive," After a few moments of shocked silence the man on the other end asked, "Mister Jackson?" In a shaking voice he answered, "Y-Yes, I-I'm here. Was… Was anything left in t-the w-wreck?" "Actually, there was. The only unharmed item in the car was a plush owl, is this of any importance to you?" There was another pause and then he answered, "No… No I- Thank you for calling." o0o Six Months Later Artemis o0o She looked around the empty clearing that Percy asked to meet her in, through his prayers for the past week. She felt uneasy as if something terrible was going to happen any day now but she had no idea where the foreboding feeling came from. Perhaps Apollo being serious the last few months was still niggling on her, as it was most of the other council members. Closing her eyes she let out a breath that she didn't know she was holding, she hoped that this meeting would be as straight forward as possible, she needed nothing else to weigh on her mind. Then, hearing the snap of a branch, she whirled around at inhuman speeds, only to find herself staring at a very beat up hero of Olympus cradling his young daughter. "Perseus," She acknowledged, lowering the bow that materialized in her hands. He looked at her with wide, terrified eyes, and scuttled forward through the knee-high grass, and sweet-smelling wild-flowers, "I wasn't sure if you were going to show Lady Artemis. I've been praying for days and you haven't come." She could feel guilt budding inside her, "I am a busy person, you are lucky I have arrived at all." "Yes, thank you," He bit his lip looking down at Sophia, "I have a favor to ask of you, milady." "A favor," She raised a perfect auburn eyebrow. "Take my daughter, take Sophie and keep her safe," His green eyes bore into hers, begging her to say yes. "Why? Why are you asking me to do this?" Percy swallowed sickly, while running a hand through his hair. She could see dried blood caked under his nails, "When Annabeth," Again he swallowed and his eyes misted over with tears, "Died, Athena blamed me for it. She has been ruining my life; she killed my parents, my friends. I lost my money, my job, my house. Now she's been sending monsters out to kill me and as long as she does that, Sophie is in danger of dying as well." He closed his eyes, "And I cannot let that happen, not to her. The attacks have become more and more frequent, so I prayed to you. You take girls in who have no where else to go, and when the monsters catch up to me, I want Sophie safe. That's why I'm here, I want you to raise her in the hunt, I don't care if you make her hate me or if you make her a hunter, but please take my daughter, so she can live more than six months." She blinked, "Athena's been hunting you? She's been killing innocent people because she blames you for her daughter's death? How do you know this?" "Every time something happened, I, or someone else, would find a little stuffed owl, Athena's animal." "That is inexcusable," She said with a new fierceness to her voice, "Killing innocents, placing a young maiden in danger. I will take your daughter, Perseus, but she will be raised knowing who you are, and how you are not terrible for a male." With a look of relief plastered across his face, Percy handed her Sophia, "Thank you so much. I-" He stopped speaking when he heard a loud roar sound off in the distance, "I- I have to go, it's almost found me." He looked down at his daughter one last time, drinking in her image, with tufts of brown hair popping up on her head, and his green eyes. "You could stay at camp with me until you are healthy enough to fight-" "No. I am tired of running from Athena and all the challenges she sends my way. I must fight whatever is following me, so that one day I may be able to see my dear Sophie again." With one last fleeting look at her and his child in her arms, the son of Poseidon rushed into the woods he entered the clearing from, straight in the direction of the roar. Blinking back tears, she gripped the child in her arms tighter, before scowling at a tawny owl that was peeking its head through tree branches. Pressing her lips in a thin line, she began walking in the direction camp was set. o0o This story idea was adopted from HoldTightAndPretendItIsAPlan , so I dedicate this first chapter to them. I haven't seen any Percy/Artemis stories with this premise before and I hope that this will stay as original as possible. On the note of Sophia, her brown hair comes from Sally, her eyes from Percy, and most of her facial features from Annabeth, just in case you were worried about the tufts of brown hair . Reviews would be appreciated, and I would love to hear if you guys have any ideas you would like to see used in this fanfiction. Thank you for reading!