good for predicting movements in a fight too, he made mental note. It also let him know that the attack wasn't finished, and he could do nothing but watch the Manticore's strategy pay off and strike Caitlin, paralysing her in approximately a second. As the stinger pulled back, Arthur's body seemed to move on it's own without hesitation. He ran forwards, not slowing or holding back in the slightest. His right hand slid into his pocket, desperately trying to grab and shatter the crystal Thanatos had given him before he became a shield for Zeus' daughter. The slow drawing back of the stinger allowed Arthur to reach Caitlin's side as it shot forth. The time had come to make a choice, would he take the hit or let her die? The slightest hesitation would make the choice for him. If he took it, he knew they were both as good as dead. Both paralysed, they stood no chance against this beast. Alone and free to move, he may stand a chance. Hell, he could close in while it killed her and freeze it's face off maybe. The only choice in his mind was to let her die, as cruel as it seemed. But his body gave his mind the metaphorical finger and refused to slow. Before he could command otherwise, he'd moved in front of Caitlin and was raising his left hand in an attempt to bat the stinger off course. Given it's size and weight, he failed to knock it away completely, but he did knock it upwards. The stinger pierced his shoulder with a low grunt and Arthur's blood splattered the floor. Instantly he could feel the paralytic poison coursing through his veins. His right hand shattered the crystal in his pocket as he heard a light gasp behind him, Caitlin's eyes opened to witness him take the hit. "A-Arthur..." She stuttered, managing to get the words out. Black sparks began circling Arthur's right arm as it came out of his pocket. Slowly, the black crystal was doing something. He coughed, using the time to respond to her before the poison took away his ability to speak. "Sorry, Sky... this just seemed like a me problem." He closed his hand to clench a fist, but never fully did. As his right hand closed, a hilt appeared within and his hand closed around that instead. It was black, wrapped in white bandages. The blade was a short sword, the blade about 50cm long. It was as pitch black as night, save for a faint purple glow emanating from it. Caitlin recognised this metal instantly... Stygian Iron, a blade cooled in the River Styx itself! Refusing to give in to the poison he could feel spreading through his chest now, Arthur pulled his shoulder off the stinger and pushed forwards, far weaker than usual already. He swung the blade, aiming straight for the left cheek of the Manticore despite it's human face. Unable to pull back it's stinger in time, the Manticore turned it's face to the indestructible blade and bore it's sharp teeth. The blade clashed with the teeth and couldn't budge through. Not due to the blade in any way, Arthur was too weak. His swinging power was below half of what it regularly was. His eyes had returned to normal, his hands their regular temperature. The poison was shutting him down. He could barely move, how long would he be able to push this blade against the Manticore's teeth before he fell unconscious. Feeling his legs begin to buckle, he all but gave in. Before he had the chance to stop applying pressure, a yellow bolt of lightning fired from the daughter of Zeus' finger, which she'd been putting all her effort into tilting upwards towards the Manticore after she'd been saved from it's attack. The small bolt took all her energy, but it was enough. It didn't hit the Manticore, but Arthur's Stygian Iron short sword. The bolt heated the blade to an unrealistic level, giving it the slicing power it needed to move through the Manticore's teeth and head in general, slicing it's face in half. The monster's very essence was absorbed into the blade, a quality of Stygian Iron, which would henceforth prevent this particular bugger from reforming. Dropping the blade, Arthur fell straight towards the floor and landed, hard. Poison was coursing through his body, and all he could do was wait for it to wear off. He knew his life and Caitlin's weren't in danger. He'd seen her aura after she'd been hit with the needle, there was no danger of death. As his sword hit the ground, it swirled around his wrist and formed a bracelet that Arthur couldn't properly examine in his current state, but a sword with the ability to transform did intrigue him. He breathed heavily, trying not to fall into unconsciousness. He held out another 10 seconds or so, but in the end he didn't have much chance and slipped off to sleep. Meanwhile, Caitlin's eyes had already closed. Although stuck on her knees, her position was perfect. She was able to focus, breathe calmly and focus her powers. She was sending electrical shocks through her body, slowly eradicating as many traces of the poison coursing through her as she could. It took a few minutes before she could move properly, and the pain was still pretty hard to take, but she'd pull through. Bending down, she picked up Arthur's unconscious form and slung him over her shoulder. His weight didn't exactly ease her pain, but whatever. He'd saved her life at the cost of the injuries he'd sustained that not rendered him unconscious, she couldn't complain about the pain of carrying him. With a painfully slow pace, Caitlin stumbled off, searching for a safe and enclosed space to rest in before the duo were discovered. Pain blanked most of her thoughts, but one managed to reach her anyways. It was short, simple. Stygian Iron, huh? Interesting.