started to realize he liked her. She had like Percy since she first met him. Life was going good, she had enrolled for classes and was taking them. As of now, she had the highest grade in class. Percy walked over to her and wrapped an arm around her as they sipped hot chocolate. (3 years later) Annabeth nodded happily. "Yes! Yes! I will marry you!" Percy spun her around and kissed her. They were 22 years old and still in love. (1 year later) Annabeth stared at herself in shock. She was really getting married. Clarisse handed her the flowers. Clarisse was her maid of honor since Thalia had refused the position. Grover was the best man. Annabeth turned to look at her girls. Clarisse. Katie. Juniper. Piper. Hazel. Reyna. Rachel. Calypso. Thalia. They were all her bridesmaids. Clarisse and Chris were engaged. Katie and Travis were also engaged. Juniper and Grover were married and were expecting a girl. Piper and Jason were newlyweds. Hazel and Frank were dating still. Reyna and Conner (to everyone's surprise had gotten together three years ago.) were still dating. Rachel as the oracle was not with anyone. (She and Thalia were planning to walk down the aisle together as the only single bridesmaids.) Calypso and Leo were married and expecting twins. Thalia were still a Hunter. They were all happy. Annabeth smiled at everyone but she thought of Nico. She missed him everyday. She wished he was here. Hazel caught her eye and smiled sadly. Hazel had reacted badly when she found Nico had cancer. She was hurt he kept it a secret. She and Annabeth talked. Annabeth told her that her brother didn't want people to see him as weak. That she, Annabeth had found out he didn't speak to her for months. Annabeth pushed away the sad thought and focused on how happy she was. Athena knocked on the door and walked in. The girls walked out leaving her with her mother. "I'm happy for you." Annabeth smiled and couldn't help teasing her mother. "You finally realized that he isn't sea scum?" Athena laughed. "Yes. It would be hypocritical of me to hate him when I married his father." Annabeth tried not to shudder at the though. Athena and Poseidon had finally put behind them years of supposed hate and got married. Aphrodite claimed to have known that they were in love since forever. Nico's death had changed Hades and Persephone's marriage. They had gotten their vows renewed and were expecting a child. Zeus and Hera even fought less. It made the meetings much quieter. Athena brushed a curl out her face and kissed her cheek. The two walked out of the room and Fredrick waited to walk her down the aisle. Annabeth smile was huge when she saw Percy waiting for her. Apollo did the ceremony and they exchanged rings and kissed. They all headed to camp for the party. The party was a blast. Everyone loved the food and drinks. They loved the blue wedding cake. Annabeth and Percy danced and so did everyone else. After a while, Hades pulled the couple aside and told them to go by the pier. They went and there they saw Nico's ghost. The couple smiled. Nico congratulated them and then he disappeared. Annabeth smiled. She still missed him but she was happy. ( 7 years later- October 1, 4:13) Annabeth smiled at Percy. He placed a kiss on her forehead. "I'll get everyone." A few minutes later, all their friends and family were in the room. 3 girls and one boy ran up. Annabeth smiled at her children. Her eldest Nerida Silena (age 7) looked like Percy except for the eyes. The twins- Kai Lucas and Maia Indigo (age 5) looked like each of us. The youngest girl was Sirena Zoe (age 2) They all crowded around their newest sibling. Everyone waited for the name. Annabeth took a deep breath. "Meet Nicolas Ethan, our newest son." Everyone smiled at the name and all began to argue about who got to carry him first. Annabeth looked at little Nicolas. Looked like Percy except for the eyes. His eyes were a mix between her gray and Percy's green. She smiled looking around at her friends and family and children. She was happy. Nico looked at everyone from the shadows. He smiled, he was glad that they were all happy. He missed them, all of them. He didn't realize how much everyone cared about him until he died. He looked at Percy and Annabeth Jackson and all their kids. Once a upon a time, Percy was a boy he loved and Annabeth was a girl he also loved. And they got that happily ever after. When he found out about the cancer, he didn't want to be weak. He tried to push everyone away but it didn't work. Annabeth never left his side and Percy never left hers. He promised to always look out for them and their kids. They were his family. He blew a kiss to his family and disappeared. And Done! Don't know where this came from. Just kind of flowed out. Disclaimer: I own nothing. I had no school for two days because of snow, so I got a decent start on chapter. Unfortunately, school is back in sessions, so updates will be back to once a month if we are lucky. But all my stories with the exception of I will Survive (Hunger Games) and Fake Girlfriend (Mortal Instruments). Chaos or Erase Me will probably be updated first. Player will come after that. Pills will update randomly. I am working on some other one shots like this one. They will be up. Check out my other stories and review! Also check out my poll for my story Erase Me. My story 10 Things (twilight) was deleted from here so it up on Wattpad. story/10938376-10-things-i-hate-about-you Just copy and paste the link. Hope your holidays were great! Good luck with school Wallflowers!