the end of this. [Present Time] So, that was it. The entire story of how they ended up in New Jersey with dildos and a mess of disgusting liquids covering them. The campers at Camp Halfblood had to be wondering where they were. They were going to be in such big trouble when they got back. Probably. It didn't really matter to Nico anyway, he'd never really cared about their opinion there anyway. "So," Percy started, "what do we do?" Nico sighed. "I could attempt to shadowtravel us back, but in the state I'm in, I'd probably be unconscious for five days afterwards," Nico ground out. He had already resigned himself to it. It was going to be the best five days of his life. [Several Minutes After] The entire camp seemed to have been waiting for them. Nico was dead on his feet, barely even able to stand up. He was only able to because his super awesome boyfriend was holding him up. Everyone stared at them in slight shock, taking in their appearance. Nico dropped his dildos self consciously. "What the fuck happened to you guys?" Travis Stoll piped up, a grin lighting up his face. Katie whacked his shoulder and he winced, rubbing it. After that, they were bombarded with questions. Shouts of "Where'd you go?", "What's with the dicks?", "Why are you covered in slime?" "Do you know how long you've been gone?", "Why didn't the rest of us get to go?" and "Is Nico dead?" stopped Nico from slipping into unconsciousness. He willed his eyes to search through the crowd and saw Chiron nearing them, a stern expression covering his face. Mr. D seemed to appear out of nowhere next to them and everyone went silent as he said, "I smelled alcohol?" He looked at the four of them in something akin to surprise. "You're not wine." He rolled his eyes and left. The questions came pouring out again, this time with even more demand and Nico had finally had enough. "How about you all fuck off!" he snapped, willing his legs towards the Hades cabin. He made it about three feet before his legs gave out and he face planted in to the grass. He heard Chiron ask about Nico's well being before Nico just gave up on the whole awake thing– who even invented that anyway?– and conked out right there in the grass. It felt nice. [Five Days After] He had only been unconscious for three days. He felt cheated, but it was better than having to be awake for those three days. Nico was lounging in the Hades cabin, his black bed much more comfortable than that bus had been. For once, Nico was content. Will was never going to go on a double date with Percy ever again, and apologized for insisting they go the first time. Nico had accepted it, it had been a rookie mistake. Now, Nico was cozy in his aviator jacket and his bed was just so damn comfy. He couldn't let it go. He hadn't properly appreciated his bed before The Disaster, as he referred to it. There was a knock on the door, and Nico groaned. This was the last thing he needed. He reluctantly pulled himself off the bed and opened the door. Jason was there, a frown on his face. Nico held back a groan. He hoped he wasn't here to give him another sex talk. He wouldn't be able to take it. As tempted as he was to slam the door in his face and go to sleep, he gritted out, "What do you want?" "I heard you went on a double date with Percy and Annabeth," Jason stated. Nico nodded warily. He didn't like where this was going. "Well," Jason continued, a grin forming on his face, "I was wondering if you'd like to go on a double date with me and Pip— Nico?" Nico had shoved passed Jason and was running away as fast as he could, his aviator jacket flying off in his rush to escape. Jason picked up the jacket confusedly. There was huge bulge in one of the pockets, and he reached inside. His eyes widened. There was a huge blue butt plug and a horde of condoms inside of it. Jason pursed his lips. He turned and bolted after Nico. "You're not ready, Nico! We need to talk about this!" But Nico had already hidden himself in the one place Jason wouldn't look. The Zeus cabin. "Not today," he murmured to himself, "not today." Today, Nico wasn't going to listen to anyone but himself. And himself said that going on a double date with Jason and Piper would be an awful, awful idea. He was inclined to agree. A/N: ok! so there we go! this only took me a month to complete! and it's the longest thing i've ever written in one go! go me! so this fic. i realized halfway through that probably should have made a multi chapter fic, but it was too late by then. i wrote this fic in so many different situations, it's crazy though. at 2:00am. while i was watching the x files. when i was supposed to be watching friends (currently and the reason for the title). listening to halsey (also currently). when i was very sick. when i was bored. but i finally decided that i needed to finish this fic at like 12:40 and now it's 1:40 and i still need to post it. i'm v tired. that's why the end is kinda rushed. also, this is way longer than i intended. i usually don't write more than 2k words. there was just too much to write though. all of a sudden i had 4k words written and i was only halfway there. i only wish i had made it to 10k. oh well. but thanks for reading! if you could take three seconds to leave a review, i would appreciate it so much. thanks again!