snap, my brain to mouth filter out the window. I put my hand around his on my cock to remind him how this works, letting go only after he starts doing it right. He laughs at me, and stills his hips, working my dick, squeezing, twisting his grip at the head. I feel my orgasm bubbling up inside, not quite powerful enough, but getting there. "Bump up in my butt a little." I realize how stupid that sounds after catching his goofy grin, but fortunately, he doesn't call me out and starts pumping his hips again. It doesn't take much before I'm careening towards the edge. "Yeah … Right there, bro … Fuck!" I spill my load all over his fist and my stomach as Jason fucks faster, harder, making my head jerk around like I'm on a thrill ride. He comes with a really loud moan right in my ear, but despite making me deaf, I don't care about that right now. It's the idea that Jason's filling my ass with come along with him hitting that sweet spot inside me that takes over everything else. My dick spurts again, hitting Jason's chest and wiping me out. I can't even see. "That … Fuck …" He pants, then kisses me stupid. It's all I can do to sort of move my lips a little; I'm that close to passing out. I feel his dick slip out, and then he turns me on my side, curls up behind me, and kisses my shoulder, his hand on my waist. I decide that cuddling is pretty nice, but I have to say something to make it not quite so domestic. "You sound like a dying cow when you come." "I made you come twice, bitch. Don't complain," he says back, laughing. Then he gets serious again and I'm too tired to argue. "That was amazing. You're amazing." All right, fine. I'm a sucker for compliments and I'm feeling pretty damn good right now. "About time you admitted that." I yawn. "New rule. The one who does the fucking has to clean up." My eyes are closing on their own when I feel him smile against my shoulder. "Deal," he says. And then I'm out cold. XxxX I blink my eyes open. It's morning. My head feels surprisingly clear despite how much I had to drink last night. I remember Jason shaking me awake at some point and making me get up and piss and drink water, but it's mostly fuzzy. He's still curled up behind me, softly snoring. I grin like a complete fool when I think back over all we did, but it doesn't really matter since no one can see. I wonder how much of my willingness to take a dick up the butt was due to the alcohol and how much was just me. Then I remember how he'd shocked me a couple of times. Maybe he killed some of my brain cells doing that and that's what turned me into a blushing sap. He yawns and I feel his eyelashes tickling my back. "You awake?" I ask. I feel him nod against my skin. "What time is it? We forgot about New Year's." "I don't have a clue. It's next year though, I'm sure of that. I think we kicked it off right." He rises up on his elbows and I scoot over so I can lie on my back. "No regrets?" he asks. I want to tell him to brush his damn teeth, because whoa, morning breath, but he's got a sort of fragile look in his eyes, like he seriously thinks I regret having sex with him. "Hell no." His hair is standing on end and I when I ruffle it with my hand he shocks me again. I raise an eyebrow. "Actually uh … When you shocked me last night …" "What?" he asks, his forehead creasing. "I swear that was an accident. I normally control it better, but with all the drinking …" "Nah, man. I mean, yeah sure, control is good, but I was thinking …Maybe we could play with it a little, on purpose …" The crease between his eyes deepens. "This isn't you looking for some sort of weird ass punishment, is it? Using me to meet some …" "No. Seriously, dude. Drop that subject for now." He looks like he's going to back off, like I've hurt his feelings or something. I sigh. "Just for now. I'm willing to talk about it with you, but I'm not ready right at this moment, okay?" "Okay," he says, but the way his tone rises at the end of the word sounds like he's still unsure. "So, why would you want me to shock you on purpose?" I feel my face go red, but you know what? I'm a goddamn hero. I've faced my fears and Jason isn't so fucking scary I can't lay out the truth on him every so often. "I, uh … get off on it." His eyes go wide. "A little bit," I start to downplay it, but then change my mind. "No, a lot. I'm a little bit freaky. You know that. But, like, I trust you and stuff." The look he gives me is hungry, dark, untamed, and I start to wonder if I shouldn't have said anything, but then he tackles me and mumbles against my neck. "That's so hot." He latches on, and shocks me with his tongue, making me moan, my dick going stiff in under a second. He pulls back, grinning at me. "I didn't mean right now!" I say, pretending offence. "Then you should've kept your mouth shut. Turn around, Jackson," he demands and pushes himself up until he's sitting. "Let's see what a couple hundred volts does to your ass." My face has to be red; it's hotter than Hades, but when Jason gets that command thing going in his voice … I turn around. "Holy fuck … Yes!" The End