and she could see it in her mind's eye. Those sea green eyes that she missed so much, tilted upwards towards the sky. A crooked half smile on his face, as (she hoped, because it's all she can do now) he thought of her. She sighed, and opened her eyes again. Maybe it was all just a part of her painful past, another hero who broke her heart, like all those that came before. 'It will be okay.' She reminds herself. She's been through this countless times before. She's survived each and every heartbreak, and she will continue to do so until she ceases to exist. At least that's what she tells herself. Maybe one day she won't be strong enough. Maybe one day her heart will shatter into a million pieces, and she won't be able to put it back together again. The dull ache that settles into her chest every time she thinks of him makes her worry that maybe that time has finally arrived. Bump . Calypso frowned and sat up, looking down towards the shore. Usually foreign sounds signaled a visitor. But she could make out nothing beyond a dark shape on the beach. Sighing, she rose up, stretching. She wasn't in the mood for visitors. This always happened after any hero left her, but she was consumed with hope this time as well. She believed in Percy, felt that she had something to look forward to, and she didn't want to deal with the gods, for… despite everything, she still resented them. Resented her prison, her fate. "What did you do?" "I? Nothing. But I'm afraid my father did a great deal. His name is Atlas." "Still, it's not fair to punish you for what your father's done." She padded down towards the beach, her feet barely making any sound on the soft sand. "Lord Hermes? Is that you?" She asked the dark figure who stood on the beach. She heard a familiar quiet chuckle, and her heart skipped a beat. "No… not Hermes." The figure whispered, stepping forwards. "No… it can't be." Calypso breathed, her heart practically leaping out of her chest. He moved even closer and Calypso saw something she never thought she'd see again. Despite her curse, despite the Fates, despite the War, despite everything, he was standing right in front of her. Dressed in the same cotton shirt that she'd given him before he left, a fresh sprig of moonlace in his breast pocket, his hands in the pockets of his shorts, a crooked smile on his face, his sea green eyes shining. She didn't even realize she was shaking uncontrollably, tears streaming down her eyes. She closed them for a long moment, and then opened them again. "You're…really here. This isn't a dream, or a fantasy." She said slowly, more to reassure herself than anything else. "I can convince you if you'd like." Percy replied, a full smile touching his face, holding out his arms. She didn't hesitate. And for the first time in millennia, tears of happiness fell from Calypso's eyes, and maybe, just maybe her heart is whole again. oOo "Oh Iris, goddess of the rainbow, show me Annabeth Chase." It had been many years since he'd returned, and he'd never felt happier. Calypso was currently attending to their sons, who had gotten into an argument that eventually escalated to the point of the two grabbing utensils and fighting with them. Needless to say, Calypso was not pleased, and was currently lecturing them in a motherly way that mothers around the world understand. Percy took the time to contact his friends again. It had been a long time since he'd last talked to any of them. But Annabeth was different. She hadn't answered any of his Iris messages, and Percy still felt a pang of regret whenever he thought of her. He still remembered their kiss under Mt. St Helens. While he loved Calypso with all his heart, he still missed his friends, and wished that Annabeth would talk to him. An automated female voice responded, "I'm sorry, the person you are attempting to reach is not available. Would you like to place another call?" Percy sighed. As he grabbed the drachma that popped out of the rainbow once again, he felt two slender arms wrap around him. Turning his head, he saw his beautiful wife smiling sadly at him, and kissed her gently. "I'm sor-" "Shh. I know you miss your friends. I bear no ill feelings towards them, especially Annabeth. I, of all people, should know how hard it is to lose the most important person in your life, and I am eternally grateful that you chose me. You've made me happier than I have ever been. During my entire immortal life, even before my imprisonment, I've never felt like this before." Percy smiled at her, and kissed her softly once more, threading his fingers through her hair. Even after all this time, she still tasted of cinnamon. He was addicted, but maybe that wasn't such a bad thing after all. Maybe one day, Annabeth would understand his decision, come to terms with what he'd done, and respond to his calls. Maybe one day, they could finally reconnect as the best friends they had been. But until then, Percy still had the beautiful girl in his arms, and he wouldn't trade that for anything in the world. Fin oOo So I'm not exactly sure where these two oneshots came from. I suppose I've always been a fan of Percy/Calypso and simultaneously disliked the fact that so many stories throw Calypso under the bus in order to create artificial relationship drama. This was fun to write, if a little sappy at times. Life isn't as simple or as perfect as the story depicts, but I wouldn't be the person I am today without dreaming about the ideals that you can see in these stories clearly. Anyways, I hope you enjoyed. Thank you for reading, and please review.