back with bobby pins. Annabeth had helped with that no likely, having had twenty years of dealing with Percy's hair for formal occasions. He heard Hannah's laugh carry over the din of the restaurant. Just like always, it was music to his ears. Percy couldn't stand the idea of anyone turning that laughter into crying and so he was here, watching and waiting. Because he was so busy spying on Hannah, Percy failed to notice the dessert tray in his path. The hostess stepped off to the side neatly, but he barreled head over heels right over the top. His collision set cakes and pies flying. A lemon meringue landed square on Percy's head and he was pretty sure he got some chocolate mousse up his nose. He braced his hand on the upturned cart to his right and made to stand up. Unfortunately, his foot slipped on a – what is that? Banana cream? – smear of dessert. The force with which he landed on his rear would definitely leave a mark, but it would be nothing compared to his bruised ego. By now the entire restaurant had noticed his blunder and stared as Percy stood back up with the help the now laughing hostess. She handed him a napkin and said, "You got a little something, well, everywhere." Percy smiled sarcastically, "Thanks," and took the napkin, turning around as he did so. That was a mistake. Hannah had stood up from her booth and was staring open mouthed at her father. He watched as she recovered from her initial shock and began to process the situation. There was about twenty feet between the two of them, but Percy could feel the rage rolling off of her in waves. He smiled sheepily at her and shrugged as if to say, "Wow what are the chances!?" She glared at him. Right now his smartest course of action would be to retreat while he still had some dignity. "Would you mind ringing up my bill now?" Percy said to the hostess, "I think I'm done." "Of course," The hostess replied straight-faced, "but before I bring the bill, may I interest you in some dessert?" "No. Thanks." "Alright then, I'll be right back." And with that she turned and walked briskly off into the kitchen, where Percy couldn't follow. "Wait! Don't leave me he-" "Ahem." Percy didn't turn around. "AHEM" Percy slowly turned around to see his daughter doing an uncanny impression of his furious wife. Her arms were crossed tightly as if she was restraining them from strangling him and her eyes screamed MURDER. "Hello Dad. What are you doing here?" As if she didn't already know the answer. Leave it to Annabeth's daughter to get him to admit what he did wrong. "Oh you know, just enjoying a beer at my favorite place." "You come to an Italian restaurant just to order a beer?" Before Percy could say anything to that, Hannah's date had walked up, clearly confused about what was going on. "Who's this?" He asked. Hannah gritted her teeth before she forced herself to smile, "Michael this is my dad, dad this is Michael." Michael stuck out his hand, "It's nice to meet you sir, I've heard so much about you." Percy shook the boy's hand, "Can't say I've heard anything about you." Hannah narrowed her eyes at that then turned to Michael, "Why don't you go sit back down, my dad's about to leave, but I want to talk to him first." "Uh sure, yeah." Hannah pulled Percy into a nearby empty booth. "How did you know where I'd be?" "Father's intuition." Percy shrugged. "Bull." Hannah sighed in exasperation, "Gods I told Alex to stop looking through my damn stuff!" "Language!" Percy scolded. "Oh no! You don't get to lecture me right now, I can't believe you would – wait no actually I can. When are you going to start trusting me dad?" "You I trust, of course I trust you." Percy rubbed the back of his neck, "It's just everyone else that I'm suspicious of." "If you trust me then you can trust my judgment on who I spend my time with." She had him there. Percy relented, "Alright, you're right. I'm sorry." "Sorry you got caught?" Percy reached out to grab his daughter's hand resting on the table. "No, genuinely sorry. I can admit when I'm wrong." Hannah laughed, "Probably a useful trait being married to mom." Percy laughed too and it was silent for a moment. He spoke again, "I just have a hard time stepping back. It's different for us, I have to worry about a lot more than just bad boys and smoking and drinking." "So you don't worry about me drinking?" Hannah smiled. "Oh no I worry about that too. Double the worry normal parents have to deal with." "Well I can handle myself, whether it's regular teenage stuff or monsters. You and mom have been training me for ages. I think I'm ready to be trusted on my own." Percy sighed, "Yes, yes you are." "And I think I'm ready for a later curfew, you know Nathan doesn't have to be home un-" "Don't push it." Hannah shrugged, "Worth a try. This wasn't how I wanted you to meet Michael, you know." "Oh really?" "I was going to introduce him to you and mom at the same time." "Sounds like you like him a lot." "I do. I really do." "Then go finish your date. I'll go home." Hannah squeezed Percy's hand then slipped out of the booth. She smiled over her shoulder before returning to sit next to Michael. The boy had already ordered an appetizer, bruschetta, one of Hannah's favorites. Percy left money to pay for his beer and a huge tip for all the desserts he wasted. Walking out the door, he saw he had a text from Annabeth. "Get caught?" Percy texted back, "Yeah, how'd you know?" A ding, "Mother's intuition." Another ding, "Told you so."