was dueling with Clarisse, and Annabeth hated to admit it, but Clarisse was kicking her butt. Clarisse laughed. "What's wrong, Princess?" she taunted. The new dagger was really throwing off her game, but Annabeth hated excuses. Annabeth wiped away the blood and got back up, refusing to let Clarisse get to her. Annabeth stood in her cabin looking at her reflection in the mirror. She looked awful. She had really taken a beating by Clarisse today. She was so stubborn that she wouldn't quit until Chrion stopped the two. A few moments later, Percy came into the Athena cabin looking for Annabeth. She had cuts and blood and bruises all over her body, but he could tell the inside was in no better shape right now with Luke's dagger being lost. He led her over to the washroom and made her sit on the bathtub edge. Starting with her face he took a wet cloth and wiped away all the blood and dirt. He disinfected her cut and reached into the cabinet to look for a bandaid. He picked a blue Superman bandaid and put it on her cheek. Next he cleaned her arms and wrapped them in a white bandage. Annabeth didn't really understand why he always bandaged her up like this when some simple nectar and ambrosia would do the trick. She figured it was just Percy being over protective. She would always roll her eyes at him when he was being too protective, but Percy said that he would never stop being overprotective. Secretly Annabeth liked that he cared about her that much. Annabeth hadn't been able to sleep for the past few nights. She would fall asleep for an hour or two, then wake up, and repeat through the night. Finally, waking up at 5:48 am, Annabeth gave up on sleep and went to her special enclosed work area. None of her siblings were allowed into that area without her permission. She told them it was where she kept all her important work papers and she couldn't risk anything happening to them. It wasn't a total lie. There was important stuff in there, it just wasn't all work papers. On the bulletin board were some pictures. There was one of Annabeth, Thalia and Luke. They were in a beautiful park on their way to New York. The sun was bright making Annabeth and Luke's hair look almost white. There was another picture of Annabeth beside Thalia. Annabeth had been much shorter than Thalia back then. Thalia, with her dark make up, gave the camera a very threatening stare. Little Annabeth beside her tried her best to give the camera a similar threatening look, but failed. Annabeth's favourite photo was the one of her and Luke. She remembered exactly what was going on in the photo. They had been travelling for almost twenty four hours straight and Annabeth was too tired to keep going. Instead of stopping for the night, Luke carried Annabeth on his back. Seven year old Annabeth had quickly fallen asleep on his back. By Thalia's request, Luke had stopped for a photo. His blue eyes had a genuine smile. Annabeth went to breakfast with her siblings. After breakfast Percy dragged Annabeth to the lake. It was his favourite spot at camp and the only place he could ever be alone with his thoughts. Percy like to share this spot with Annabeth. They sat on the doc, under the warm sun, looking out at the lake. They sat in silence for a while before Annabeth finally asked what was up. Percy grinned. "I have a surprise for you." "Really," said Annabeth as more of a statement than a question. "Yup." Percy stuck his fingers in his mouth and wolf whistled. A moment later the water started to shimmer with a grey shadow under it. The shadow came closer towards them. "Close your eyes," he said to Annabeth. Annabeth did as she was asked and listened with her ears. She heard the splash of water as Percy stuck his arm into the water and pulled it out. "Thank, girl," Percy said to the dolphin. He gave her a pat and off she was back into the lake. "Now hold out your hands, Annabeth." Percy placed his gift wrapped in waterproof paper into her outstretched hands. Before she even opened her eyes, she gasped. Annabeth's grey eyes opened to see the colourful, and horribly wrapped, present. She smiled as she tore through the paper. In her hands lay her old dagger, scabbard and all. "What - how - you," Annabeth was having difficulties putting together a sentence. "Thank you," she finally managed to get out. Percy grinned at her. "You're welcome, Annabeth." He kissed her chastely kissed her cheek. Annabeth set down her dagger and put her hands around his neck and kissed him on the lips. Percy put his arms around her waist and pulled her closer to him. "How did you ever find it?" Annabeth questioned. "Uh, well, I made a deal with the Gods," Percy admitted. "Gods?" Annabeth asked. "Which ones?" "At first it was just Hades because I figured the dagger ended up with the monster in Hades. He said he needed me to get Zeus to agree to do something for Hades. I went to Zeus and he said he would only agree to Hades' wish if I could get Hermes to go to his party next month. Hermes would only agree to go if I could get Ares to stop setting things on fire. I know right? Who knew the gods has do much petty drama between them? Anyway, that kind of went on for a while until I got to Aphrodite and that ended the wild goose chase." "So Aphrodite didn't want anything in return?" Annabeth asked. "Not quite. I had to agree to let her children give me a makeover." Annabeth laughed and kissed him again. And Percy knew it was all worth it. Rate and Review please!