at the sight. It was already late March, and it couldn't hurt to stick around until August. I mean, I had a bow now. I could defend myself if I needed to, but I would definitely need to learn how to properly use it. Maybe Luke had other weapons stashed in his room that I could use. "Okay," I finally whispered. "I'll stay until the middle of August. I won't be like Luke, I promise." I inwardly cringed. Another promise. At least I had promised to not be Luke, meaning I would keep it; I'd stay until August like Mom wanted me to. "Thank the gods!" Mom sniffed twice, drying her red-rimmed eyes on her bathrobe. The next time I looked into her eyes, the fractures were back, and I knew I had lost her to whatever caused her to turn into a possessed person. She looked at me in confusion. "Luke, why do you look like a girl?" I sighed, slumping against the wall in defeat. Her small moments of saneness came with a hefty price: her memories. She couldn't remember anything that happened during that time, and it always left a bitter feeling behind. It was like her mind was stuck on replay, but only on thoughts of Luke and the hope that he would come back. Ushering her off to bed, I began to unpack my backpack, tossing the sandwiches on today's pile with the granola bars and water left on the countertop. I grabbed a broom and began to sweep all of the moldy sandwiches, and cookie crumbs, and spilt Kool-Aid powder from the floor into the garbage. Honestly, I was surprised how all of this mold hadn't gotten either one of us sick yet, but I wasn't one to push luck. Once everything was clean and back in its proper place, I shut off the lights to the kitchen, heading back to my room. I was so exhausted that I was going to head straight to bed, but when I heard someone else's voice coming from Mom's room, I was immediately on edge. I gently pulled on the charm on my bracelet, and a gold bow with a matching quiver appeared on my person. I didn't admire the handiwork, though, and remembered the few archery lessons I had shared with one of my friends, Mike, when we had went to a summer camp together as kids. Knocking the arrow, I held my hand at the string, ready to pull back, but I decided to spy at first. "-just not ready," I heard a male voice finish saying. "Bring him back!" Mom cried, sounding as if her vocal cords were in the process of being ripped out. As much as I wanted to barrel in there, shooting whomever was breaking my mom's heart with a couple of arrows, something told me to not barge in. "It's not my decision, May," he said in what I guess was supposed to be a soothing tone. "It's the Fates plan." "Then the Fates are idiots!" Mom's protests were cut off abruptly, and I thought the worst was happening, so I barged in, aiming the arrow right between the intruder's eyes. The string was already pulled all the way back, taut as I saw the fletching's begin to quiver from the amount of stress I was putting on the bow. "Leave my mother alone," I growled. The man stumbled back, his hands up in surrender. I slackened my hold a little, slowly letting down the arrow as to not shoot. I scowled as I inspected the man making my mom scream. He was of average height, maybe around 5' 7"-5' 8". He had mousy brown hair, capped with the dorky kind of hats UPS men wore. He was even dressed in that manner with all the getup of a delivery man, down to the obnoxious khaki's dogs loved to nip at. His eyes were blue, and held a glint of mischief to them; I was instantly wary, more so now than earlier. Though he wasn't smiling, I knew if he was it would be a trouble-maker kind, the one that promised trouble. Mom turned to the man. "Can you tell me why Luke's a girl? What has he gotten into now?" "May, that's not Luke," the man said cautiously, giving me a nervous glance. I tugged on the charm once more, and my bow disappeared; but I did take a defensive stance next to my mother, fully prepared to tackle this man should I need to. "Of course it is!" Mom exclaimed. "Oh, I knew you would come home for lunch!" "May, this is a girl, not our son." " Son?!" I cried in outrage. " You're Luke's father?! Where have you been his entire life?!" The man visibly winced. "And I take it you're his sister?" I glared at the man. "He stopped being my brother the day he left me here with her ," I said, venom dripping from my voice as I gestured to my mom, who was holding a stuffed plushy of a hydra. "You're probably my daughter then." He sighed, taking his cap off to run his hand through his messy hair. "You have every right to be angry at me, but don't take your anger out on May." "I'll take out my anger on whomever the hell I want, old man!" I snapped. Finding out that this man was my father, the same one that abandoned me as much as Luke had, well, I wasn't taking too kindly to that. "I'll give you five more minutes with Mom, but then I want you out of this house!" "You don't want anything to do with me, do you?" I laughed bitterly, the sound echoing off the mostly empty bedroom. "Just give me your name." He gave me a skeptic look. "If you're my father, the least you could do is let me know your name." "My name," he said, "is Hermes, and I'm your father."