at the boy she saw the boy vanished and in a second he reappeared and grabbed her by her throat. Struggling to breathe Alecto tried to get the boy to let her go but his grip just tightened. What surprised her mostly was that Percy's eyes were no longer sea green instead they were black and they were filled with hatred. Also he was using strength that he shouldn't even have for a 12 year old. Gripping his hand Alecto then felt a burning pain in her gut, looking down she saw that Percy had forced a hand into her gut and it had ripped all the way through her. "What are you?" Alecto demanded before becoming a pile of dust. Percy's arms then dropped to his sides and he fell forward slamming into the ground. Meanwhile behind a column Grover and Chiron were watching the entire thing. "Chiron did you just see that? Percy not only showed some type of ridiculous power but he destroyed the fury with his bare hands?" Grover stuttered as he looked at his best friend who was lying on the ground next to Larissa. He didn't say it but he was scared of his friend since one second he was screaming and the next he vanished and killed the Fury Alecto. "Grover we have no time to think about what we have just seen instead the two of them need medical treatment." Chiron then wheeled over to the two and first started with Percy. Mentally and physically he was alright the only thing was that he was currently unconscious and sleeping like a baby. His pulse though was beating faster than normal humans were capable of. As Grover looked at Larissa he was surprised to see her back healing itself. Once her injuries were healed her clothes also fixed themselves suddenly and her eyes opened. Looking up she saw Grover and Chiron standing above her. Turning her head she saw Percy lying on the ground right next to her and saw he was unconscious. Remembering what had happened she shot up head butting Grover and looked around for the monster that had attacked Percy. "Larissa the fury is gone Percy managed to destroy it." Chiron said slowly while Larissa calmed down a little. She tried to stand up but her legs gave out and she landed on top of Percy's body. Expecting him to wake up she saw that he was still sleeping like nothing happened. ' What am I not heavy enough to wake you up? ' she thought as she pulled herself off of him. Sitting down next to Percy she ruffled his hair a little as she looked up at Chiron and Grover who was rubbing his head because of the sudden hit head butt he received. "Chiron did you say that Percy killed Alecto?" looking for confirmation he nodded and she looked down at Percy. "How did he kill her he has no weapons?" "Honestly I don't know how he killed her but he did it with his bare hands. Once who were knocked out he screamed in pain and when Alecto was about to attack him he vanished and grabbed her by her throat. She struggled to break free from his grip but he wouldn't let go and he punched his hand into her gut and out the other end." Hearing that Percy had killed Alecto in such a gruesome way she looked at his hands and saw no blood on them. However one thing was going through her head and it was how he had suddenly changed so quickly. Sighing deeply she looked at Chiron and knew she had to say these words no matter how much she hated them. "Thank you for saving me and Percy even if you didn't do anything I am grateful for you healing me." Grover looked at her a little a bead of sweat was beginning to fall down his head. A part of him wanted to say he didn't do anything but at the same time he was glad that she hadn't hit him like she usually did. "Larissa we have a favor of you. For now we need you to lie to Percy thinking that this never happened and that the day went by like normal." Chiron said while messing with the pen in his fingers. Originally he was going to toss the pen to Percy but when Percy screamed and vanished he forgot all about it. Larissa looked like she wanted to argue but at the last second she thought against it. One reason she didn't was that she didn't have the strength to argue and second was that she had no obligation to follow the promise. Promising to talk to Percy later about what happened she looked at Grover and fell backwards. "I promise I won't tell Percy about anything that happened today." Saying those words were a mouthful since she hated to lie to Percy. Even though they were both really close it pained her more than when she lied to others like her mom or Sally. Meanwhile in Percy's heart the dark powers Chaos had placed inside him were beginning to manifest inside. Even though Percy was young his body currently was more than capable of controlling the powers albeit to small degree. But the gate Chaos had made for the power stopped it from spreading through his unconscious body so that when he began to use it frequently it would be easy and unlike its original host. The Primordial Aether had also seen what had happened to Percy. Even though he still didn't understand why his father gave the boy such powers he was surprised to see them manifest that quickly. Larissa surprised him the most, she had used his powers unconsciously and healed herself despite not knowing it. Peering into the souls of both children he saw that the two powers were beginning to spread and that surprisingly both were harmonizing with one another.