the Roman pantheon. Ares had a grin on his face as would his counterpart Mars. Whenever these two go into a right it was interested even if it was just a battle of wits. Bellona glared at the Greek goddess. "This concerns my daughter and as long as you're watching over her I will stay. Just met a child of many the barbarian war gods, and well I can watch her from where I reside I remand I seat on the counsel till my daughter and this mortal god are dealt with!" Zeus stood. All of the present gods looked at him. "No need we will vote on his execution. He will pose too much of a threat in the future; should he grow stronger he might have power sway the smallest arguments into bloodshed." Bellona shouted. "You will do no such thing!" Aphrodite leaned back in her throne trying to hide, knowing where Bellona would go with this. "Thanks to a certain Queen and love goddess my daughter has had her heart wounded many times and if I recall said love goddess said to her "No Demigod can heal your broken heart." That being he is no demigod." Hera glared at Bellona and Aphrodite looked at Hera trying to get the attention off herself. "You would risk the safety of Olympus simply for your daughter's love life?!" Zeus shouted in disbelief. "She helped to return Athena's Parthenos! She deserves someone as much as the 7 do, and yet it seems like all she has gotten was another version of Calypso curse." She shouted once again. Zeus groaned. "Very well we will keep an eye on him and till this issue is resolved you may stay on Olympus." With that they returned their attention back to Rayna and Alaric. Rayna stared at him eyes wide, though she had determined that he was a god hearing it was still so strange. "I've never hear of you before." She wanted he hit herself after saying that. What idiot responds to a god by saying they never hear of them. "Not surprising I was only born 18 years ago." She relaxed. "If you're a god why did the Giants keep calling you mortal?" "Because I am mortal, my father was a demigod, I was born as a demigod, thought Ichor is what flows though my veins, yet I heal like only slightly faster than a mortal, unless of course I can use my mother's gift to heal from bloodshed." She thought for a moment before standing. "Let's go see Terminus again, if you're a god he should let you in with your weapon." Alaric shrugged and stood picking Trucido back up and followed. Terminus looked at him. "Ready to hand over your weapon?" Rayna walked up. "Terminus he claims to be a god we have to let him in." Terminus glared at him, if he had arms they would have been crossed. "Do you have any proof Thracian? That's a huge claim to make." Alaric raised his blade and made a semi deep cut in his arm, golden fluid slowly bled out, Terminus's eyes widen for a moment before he regained his composure. "Very well you may enter the city with your weapon just don't get into any trouble." Alaric and Rayna walked into New Rome, many people were shocked to see the tall man caring a weapon though the city. Soon they made it to Rayna's Villa. It was a bit larger than your standard one floor home, their where maps of Camp Jupiter and Camp Half-blood on the wall, and a few framed pictures of Rayna and her sister. As well as some with Nico, Will and The 6, Clarisse was in the picture as well half smiling Chris's arm around her. She had a fake smile on in the picture. She was the only single person in the picture. "I don't have a second bed so you'll have to sleep on the couch. Tomorrow is the field battle wargames if you're interested, no killing is allowed but it will be a real battle. If you need anything I'll be in the kitchen." She said before leaving him. Alaric sat on the couch and looked at his blade before pulling out a grinding stone, though the blade would always remain sharp being forged by several gods, he still did this from time to time to think. The following day Rayna let out a sigh as she showed, this was one of the few time Rayna could truly relax. Though she hides it, being rejected twice along with how her life was with her father virtually destroyed her self-esteem, eventually she got and put her purple robe on before heading to the kitchen for a bowl of cereal. Shortly after she returned to her living room to see Alaric still asleep on the couch. She sighed then smiled, glad she was not alone in the house anymore. She took a seat on the loveseat across and turned on the TV. It was nearly Noon when Alaric woke, slowly sitting up he looked around to see a slightly red-faced Rayna. Alaric had removed his shirt during the night and used his cape as a blanked, slowly he stood up and stretched. "Good morning Rayna." She took a moment to composer herself. "It's nearly noon. Do you normally sleep this late?" she asked as he put his shirt back on along with his cape. "No but it's been a long time since I sleep on anything other than the ground." He turned and looked at her. "So then don't we have a battle to get to?" Rayna approached the Field of Mars in her armor with Alaric and against Rayna reasoning stayed lightly armored in cloth and a Phrygian helmet. The Cohorts have already assembled and decided the teams would be odd vs even with the Fifth Cohort on one team and Hannibal on the other. i1 Latin for slaughter, butcher, massacre, ruin, slay