the water and it came off as mucky. Annabeth jumped in after them and giggled as she washed herself free from dirt. Percy rested on a nearby boulder and washed his own face. He couldn't get the thought of the captain out of his head. Nico was haunting his thoughts and that sent weird feelings in his stomach. Percy was scared at this new discovery. Whatever the older boy did had an effect on him and Percy didn't know whether to like it or hate it. He was startled out of his stupor when he was hit with a wave of water. It had been Travis, Connor, and Annabeth. "If it's a war you want, it's a war you'll get." He grinned evilly as he sent a huge wave of water towards the trio. The girl yelped all the while the twins chortled. "Funny. Very funny," She smiled. "Indeed it is, wise girl." He countered. Annabeth smiled and went to play with the other Lost Boys. The leader of the Lost Boys jumped up and approached the bundle. "Next stop, the trees of wonder!" The boys cheered all the while Annabeth stared at them in confusion. "The what?" she was pulled by Grover and the other boys followed. "Let's go," Travis and his twin raced ahead. Annabeth couldn't prepare herself for what she was about to see. Percy swung the vines that hid the area and Annabeth gasped. From where the sunlight can't reach, here, it was irradiated by supernatural insects. Butterflies of bright colors illuminated the forest. So this was what she saw from afar when they were flying. Travis and Connor jumped at a tree, the butterflies scurrying about in colorful patterns. The trees' shadows lingered around the corner. Plants seemed to look taller as the trees grew higher. It was like a different universe. Percy sat on a branch where several butterflies scurried off. A few landed on his feet and he smiled. He watched the Lost Boys roam about the area. Percy remembered a skeletal cave somewhere near the corner. He glanced at the Lost Boys who seemed occupied with what they were doing. The green-eyed boy flew towards the cave where a treasure chest lay in the middle. A small river-like pond encircled the cave and within. He gingerly touched the lock and called out to the Lost Boys. Their footsteps were accompanied by giggles and laughter when they found the cave. "What's that?" Grover asked, pointing at the treasure chest. "A chest, silly. But the real question is what's inside it?" Connor smiled mischievously. "Let's find out." Jason heaved a huge rock he found and launched it at the lock. To his dismay, the lock remained. "Oh!" Said the youngest in their group. "I found this when we were playing by the shore," Leo produced a small key from his pocket and gave it to Percy. The teen looked at the key then at the lock. He held up the bronze key and eyed Leo curiously. "Where'd you find this?" Leo only shrugged. He tried it on the lock and to his surprise, it opened. Golds in all form came spewing out of the chest. The Lost Boys grabbed a handful of each and wore them as accessories. There was a crown, a ruby necklace, a golden goblet, a pearl ring even, and a huge pile of coins which Percy didn't mind leaving. All was well and fun when they heard a loud whistle. Although, this one was different. It nearly broke their eardrums and they covered their ears. "That was horrible," Leo threw the whistle in the farthest he could in the small river. Something about it unnerved Percy. The sound seemed eerily familiar to him before. Jason smacked him upside the head. "That was awful! Where'd you get that whistle anyway?" He scolded. Leo frowned and pointed at the treasure chest. Will sighed and shook his head. "Leave it to Percy being an expert at blowing a whistle." He mumbled. Just then, a low thumping of boots resonated through the walls of the cave. The Lost Kids stared horrified at the incoming pirates that now raided the cave. Percy backed up and tried to fend them off but they were too many. He dropped his dagger when a rope tightened around his wrist. Being distracted only gave the pirates a benefit as they looped another rope on his left wrist. "Let him go!" Annabeth yelled. The Lost Kids yelled identically but was silenced by a low hiss. "So nice to see you again," a dark figure emerged. Nico grinned at seeing Percy being bounded and tied. The boy couldn't escape the tight ropes that held him down. "Captain Nico," Percy spat. The eighteen year old scanned their small group, his eyes landing coldly on the girl with blonde hair. "Well, hello." He didn't hide the snide in his voice. The girl narrowed her eyes but didn't say anything. Nico came closer to her but the Lost Boys formed a circle around her. It was an endearing view to say the least but Nico had the last of his patience. With a snap of his fingers, the pirates pulled the Lost Boys away. They shouted at him to not touch the girl and to leave her alone. His veins throbbed as he faced them. "Shut up!" He yelled. To his satisfactory, they did. He turned back to the girl, ready to reach out and pull her hair back if it weren't for Percy. "Stay away from her!" He yelled, ineffectively pushing himself forward. The ropes were already marking red lines and Nico frowned at that. So he backed off. "Fine. I'll take these instead," He ordered his crew to collect the chest as well as carry the Lost Boys who were tied up in the same rope used on Percy. Percy was yelling profanities as he too was brought in. He caught sight of Annabeth reaching out for him until everything went black.