walls are still white, but now they're dark. Where the moonlight slips through the curtains, they're glowing. The marks in the plaster are accented by shadows. Nico can see every dip, every imperfection. He thinks it's ironically symbolic, that the glow that makes the white beautiful also highlights the imperfections. The lights in the hallways have been turned off, save for the nightlights they line the hall with, but he can still hear orderlies pacing back and forth. One of the women who take the night shift on his floor (he never sees her during the day and so has never learned her name) has very loud shoes. They clack every time they hit the floor. Nico doesn't know how anyone sleeps with her heels walking past their room. Then again, it's nearly half past midnight, and most of the patients are asleep already. Nico doesn't like the dark. It scares him. Sometimes, when it's quiet enough, he can't remember where he is – only where he was, all those years ago. It terrifies him. He's alone and small and begging for his father, but no one can hear him and he doesn't know why. But it isn't that quiet now, and he's grateful for it. He's grateful for the orderly's clacking heels, no matter how loud they are, because they remind him where he is. He turns over and stares at the ceiling. The moonlight doesn't reach the ceiling. It streams from the window to the wall, but the ceiling stays dark. It could go up for miles, and no one would ever know. It could grow every night, reach up to the stars, but it would stay dark all the same. The orderly's heels approach, and pass. Nico rolls over to face away from the door. Across the room is a small desk. It's covered in books right now, although his father insists that he'll be getting a real bookshelf for his next birthday. They haven't been able to afford it yet. Nico glances over his shoulder, but although the door is open there is no one in the hallway, only the dim glow of the nightlights. He throws back the covers and makes his way to the desk on silent feet, picks up the book on the top of the pile in the middle, and goes back to the bed. He curls up under the covers next to the nightlight they've put in his room and opens the book to a random page. He doesn't care what he's reading, just so long as it's something. He needs to fight away the memories that the dark brings. The following morning, the Herons were roused from their blankets by Gort, who was banging a hardwood stick on an old barrel hoop, just inside the entrance of the tent. He smiles. He loves this story. The Outcasts , the first book in the Brotherband Chronicles. Not quite as good as the Ranger's Apprentice series, but still up there. Maybe if he read the third book, he'd like it more. The orderly with the clacking heels comes back. He hides the book under his covers until she's passed. Then he pulls it out again. But he can't concentrate on the book. As much as he loves the story, he can't focus on it. It doesn't feel real to him this time. The terrors are still creeping up on him. He can feel them on his skin, feel the shadows crawling up his neck. His nightlight does little to fight them off. It's a guard wall made of straw, and it's burning up, letting the terrors in. He draws the covers up over his head and whimpers softly. His breathing grows faster and shorter. He squeezes his eyes shut and sobs, but the orderlies can't hear him. No one can hear him. Only two people have ever been able to hear him – one is at home, and one is not, not anymore. Bianca, please . Hey, guys. For those of you who haven't read my stuff before, welcome. For those of you who have, welcome back. The Thalico story won the poll, so I started this one first. I'm still working on the outline for the Percy/Nico one. It might be a while, because it's a long outline. If you haven't read anything I've written before, hi, I'm Jez. I write Percy Jackson fanfiction, although I've written Avengers before. I write mostly Thalico, but I have written Jasper and Jeyna before. I'm also working on a Percico story. I take requests and I'm a beta. I have quite a few people who I'm betaing for, so I can't guarantee that I'll get back to you quickly if you ask me to beta. This story won't have regular updates like Along the Way and White Rose did. I haven't got an outline for this one, so the updates will be a little sporadic. But I've already got the second chapter planned and I've started writing it. So it shouldn't be too long. Also, for anyone who reads my holiday series, the next one will be Fourth of July. And they'll be taking a pretty big step in their relationship. So stay tuned. And I'm hoping, fingers crossed, that I'll be able to get one up for my birthday, which is two days before Fourth of July. It won't be a holiday story, but it will be Thalico. It will be a twist on a cliche story. I've got it planned out and everything. So yeah! That's about it. I'll talk (write?) to you all next chapter. Oh, almost forgot. Quote of the Chapter (the chapters won't be weekly, so we're going with Quote of the Chapter instead of Quote of the Week): "Never a dull moment around here - go to the bathroom and someone steals your pants." We just got a new puppy, and she likes to take things to chew on. She's stolen my mom's pants more than once. Review!