happy too. I don't know much about this kind of thing- Annabeth and I never had this problem- but I would give Nico another chance." "Who are you and what have you done with Percy?" I ask seriously, and Percy smiles. "I grew up a bit at collage," he says, shrugging. "Learned some lessons. Here's one I'm giving you- don't let the past effect your present too much." And with that, Percy clapped me on the shoulder again and left me standing on the beach. … Truthfully, it's a bit of a shock that Percy recognized that I'm still angry with Nico. I walk along the edge of the water, stepping on the frost along the edges just for something to do. I shiver as a breeze blows over the beach, sending the smell of salt with it, and I breathe it in. "Thanks for helping me." I don't turn around, for once. I know Nico is standing there. I haven't decided if I want to talk to him yet. Six years of heartbreak because he followed after a siren call. I just can't believe he didn't think. "Will?" "What?" I ask softly, glancing at him. He looks tired, which isn't any surprise. "I- ah…" He trailed off, looking guilty as he looks away from me, stuffing his hands into his pockets. His shoulders hunch forward and he's shivering in the cold. My heart softens against my will. It's not fair, the effect he has on me. "What is it, Nico?" I question, the words coming out harsher than I intended. He folds in on himself a little more and I close my eyes. "Jason and Piper wanted to know if you'd join everyone for their New Year's party at this Chinese place on 67th street," he says, and even though I know that's not what he wanted to say, I shrug and let it go. "Sure," I agree, and I hear Nico sigh next to me. "Okay," he says, the cheer in his voice obviously forced. He walks away, muttering to himself, and I reopen my eyes. The sun sets golden on the horizon. … "Are you ready, Will?" Cecil calls through my door. "Almost," I return, and pull my tie through the knot. I stare at myself in the mirror, at the simple white button down and the plaid tie I'm wearing, and sigh. I shake my head and run my fingers through my hair, scolding myself for over thinking this. I've known these people for most of my life. There's no need to be over thinking anything- they're not going to care. But Nico's going to be there. I growl to myself and wrench open my door, much to Cecil's shock. He rears back, eyes wide and hands up. "Hades, Will, calm down!" he says defensively, and I wave him off, heading down the stairs. Lou turns around as soon as I make it down. "Finally," she huffs, picking up a silk scarf from the coffee table and tying it around her neck. "We're going to be late, and you know how Pipes is about lateness," she tells us, rolling her eyes as Cecil slips on the stairs. He and I exchange glances and Cecil rolls his eyes. Not long after, the three of us are piled in my car and we're pulling into the lot at the restaurant Jason told me we were meeting at. I turn off the engine and we get out of the car, walking inside. We spot the others instantly, and make our way over. … Dinner itself was a quiet affair- as quiet as it could be with Jason and Percy at the same table, anyway. Nico and I hardly exchanged a word the whole time. It seems as though he isn't going to let me get away with that, though. We had eventually migrated to Jason and Piper's house, and it's currently two minutes until midnight. Percy and Annabeth are standing in the kitchen, talking quietly. Jason and Piper are on their couch, so close they're practically the same person. Leo and Calypso are on the other side of the couch, getting a head start on the kissing at midnight tradition. Hazel and Frank are at the table. I'm standing alone, nursing a beer, in the doorway to the living room. The clock starts ticking down at a minute and Nico comes out of nowhere to push me against the wall. I drop my drink in my surprise and it splatters all over the floor, but everyone is too busy counting to notice. "I'm sorry about everything," Nico mutters in a rush, eyes searching mine desperately. "I'm still in love with you," he says. The clock hits midnight and I wrap my hand around the back of Nico's neck and seal our lips together. I shouldn't. Gods know, I shouldn't. But I can't help myself. I open my eyes slightly and stare out the window over Nico's shoulder as he relaxes fully into the kiss, and meet the eyes of Bebe through the reflective glass. She raises a martini glass and winks, her glittered eyes colored like a peacock feather, before she vanishes into the night. My heart races, but I push it out of my mind. I understand how she could've tempted Nico now- he really didn't have a choice. How many kisses did we share where he looked past me into her eyes? I let my eyes fall closed and pry Nico's lips open with my tongue as I pull his hips to meet mine. When we separate, I whisper, "I'm still in love with you, too," against his mouth, truer words never leaving my lips. I'm so mad at myself for it, but it's true. He pants against my lips and I let us breathe for a second before I cradle his face and kiss him again, finally coming home. Love is blind. Blind to past heartbreak, blind to pain. It doesn't matter. I know that now.