I've watched your every step you took until it finally led you to me." Gaea stared ahead, past Annabeth. "My little pawns." "I'm nobody's pawn." The fleck of green in her eyes seemed to glow with a brief hatred. "You." She composed herself and let another lazy smile adorn her pale lips. "You sure put up a fight, Perseus. Never have been one to abide by the rules. Like father like son." "Not that you're the startling reflection of your father. No, I'll leave that misfortune to Triton. I'm pleased to see that we both share a dislike for him. Most gods actually." "Stop it!" Annabeth saw exactly what Gaea was trying to do and immediately drew the attention back to her. "Don't you trust him? After all this time, you still believe him a fool?" A frigid tension took over the room as Gaea stared at Annabeth with satisfaction. She'd always given intellect it's place in war, not just scheming but the actually thought out words that one could say to their enemy to win. Now, that intellect threw the first blow, catching her by surprise. "I don't believe he is anything but himself." Her words sounded useless even to her but she had to trust Percy not to listen to Gaea. Otherwise, she'd be right and Annabeth never liked to be wrong. This is what I must do to defeat her. How many times had stalling saved her life? She hoped that it would help one last time. Not to save her own but those who still had a chance. "He was never a pawn. Maybe you expected him to be, but Leo isn't here and neither is Hercules. So I guess he surprised us both." Strangely enough, Leo was there. Maybe only in spirit but the gadget he'd entrusted Annabeth with as they fought the giants would play as much of a rule as any of them. A plan never planned. But they were meant to fight together, they would know. She held the small square behind her back, in clear view of the demigods behind her. She had often learned that those who saw so much failed to see what was right there in front of them, she knew Gaea was the same. The goddess expected them to bicker, she was in no rush to kill them. She'd won, she didn't need giants she was fully conscious now. She would call down Olympus and then crush it, taking the throne all to herself. With a sharp intake of breath, she threw the square. In the moments when it sailed towards her she saw everything that could go wrong. She could dodge, she could have seen it, the item could simply not work. A fraction of a second. Then it hit. There was a gasp that made her chest tighten and then the goddess was on her knees, struggling against the binds that had once killed Daedalus's own enemy so many years ago. She thanked Leo, knowing she would never hear her, for his curiosity. For prying into the laptop the greatest architect had left behind before it was lost forever. Of course it didn't kill her the way it had the King but so much of her essence was present before them that she was successfully trapped. She roared at them making wild explosions of earth surface stronger than any canon. Percy and Jason disappeared behind her and Piper yelled at Gaea meeting the power of her cries and somehow making them subside. Frank soared above, back in his Dragon form with Hazel riding on his startling copper back. Utter chaos engulfed them. All Annabeth did was laugh. "Ready?" Jason nodded. His blonde hair was now so long it cast shadows over his blue eyes. "It was a pleasure, Grace." The boys smiled at each other one last time. "The pleasure was all mine, Jackson." Two blades met, one gold and one bronze. Percy reached into his gut and a shudder caused by only him followed, the wind picked up around them. He urged the feeling to grow stronger and stronger until it hurt so much he wouldn't have been able to stand upright. Lighting cackled and he felt a metallic burn in his mouth. But the taste of soil was far stronger. Above him he could faintly hear Frank and Hazel, but everything else was drowned out by destruction. It wasn't enough. He couldn't reach any further into his gut. There was nothing left, no big explosion. He'd been told over and over again through-out his life as a demigod how dangerous and powerful he was. Was this it? Just when he needed the power and the danger. He growled in frustration. No. Then, Percy reached somewhere he'd never thought of before. A different pull that had always been easier to stroke: he reached into his heart. He saw Annabeth pulling him of the lake, his mother stroking his hair after a nightmare. He saw Grover and Annabeth and him playing hacky sack at a bus station, heard them laugh as Grover ate the apple they'd been using to play. He saw Thalia's worried expression as they looked for Annabeth and heard Nico babble on and on about mythomagic. Everything that pulled at his heart, his brother and father and step-father, Chiron and his friends. The Seven having breakfast in the Argo II. They surfaced and explosion that Percy didn't try to contain. There was sea spray so strong he felt it cut against his face, the electricity in the room singed the hair on his arms. He could no longer feel his feet on the ground. All he was certain of was his sword against Jason's and the feeling like his body was tearing itself apart. Only one thing cut through the powerful sound of wind against his eardrum. Annabeth was laughing and could almost picture her rolling her beautiful eyes at him. "Seaweed Brain, you idiot." Then the world fell to his storm.