like someone was cutting open her heart. So he didn't even remember his family. "You must be Doctor Scott?" Percy questioned her. It jolted her how he had called her last name Scott for the first time. Annabeth nodded not able to say anything else. "Not be weird or anything but do you mind if I give you a hug?" He asked her giving her that smile she loved. So maybe some things hadn't changed. Annabeth stiffened at first but then tentatively reached out to him. It wasn't much, but she realized he still hugged the same. And if that wasn't enough to send her bawling he whispered in her ear. "Thank you for saving my life." She'd spent the rest of the day softly sobbing and reading through Percy's letters which Thalia had managed to keep safely after the whole Eric fiasco. She wasn't supposed to give up on him. She had promised him that. But she didn't know what to do. She wanted to be in his life but she couldn't see how. All she could do was to remember. Remember him for who he was. There was a court hearing, Annabeth got custody to Hope and luckily even their apartment. It was safe to say the case was in her favor. She and Eric parted ways. It was very civil from then on. Eric had finally realized the fact that he had to let her go. There was a knock on the door. Annabeth glanced at Hope making sure she wouldn't cry anytime soon and then proceeded to open the door. It was Eric. She didn't know if she was supposed to feel scared or angry but her emotions were so jumbled up right now that she simply stared up at him. He nervously rubbed the back of his neck. "I know I shouldn't be here but...I just uh I wanted to see Hope." As she looked up at him in shock he held his hands in front of her. "Its totally okay if you don't want me to...I understand...I-" "Wait here." Annabeth said softly as she walked back into her bedroom. She didn't know if she trusted Eric yet but Hope deserved to be held by her daddy at least once and she knew Eric wasn't one to harm children. Especially if they were his own. She held Hope in her arms rocking her slightly as she brought her to Eric. She could see the change in his eyes. His eyes softened as he looked at Hope. He looked at her asking for permission. "Uh...can I?" Annabeth nodded showing him how to hold her. Once he got it he looked at Hope's face in awe. Suddenly Hope started crying. Annabeth's instict was to grab her and calm her down but when Eric started swaying her and cooing at Hope she couldn't help but stare at the bautiful sight. "It's okay baby. Sshh. It's okay." He whispered as Hope calmed down. He looked up at Annabeth. "She's perfect." Annabeth gave him a small smile. "I know." "A cinnamon latte please." Annabeth ordered as she readjusted the baby carrier in her arms. Hope was fast asleep. That's all she ever did these days. Sleepy baby. She made herself comfortable in one of the seats placing the carrier beside her as she sipped on her latte. "Mrs Scott ?" She heard a voice call her and she stiffened. Turning her head she found herself looking into the sea green orbs she had fallen in love with. She smiled up at him. "It's Miss Chase now." She corrected and then proceeded to greet him. "How are you Percy?" It was good to see him on his feet again. The light caught something on his neck and when she looked closer it was her college ring hanging through a thin metal chain. That very sight warmed her heart so much. He sat himself in the seat in front of her. Still as blunt as ever she noticed. "I'm fine. Well as fine you could be with all your memories down the drain." She let out a light chuckle and her heart squeezed realizing that he hadn't changed. You could take away one's memories but she she guessed one's personality always remained intact. "Is this your daughter?" He asked looking at the baby carrier. Annabeth nodded and he smiled softly at the little girl. "She's beautiful. Just like her mother." Annabeth's heart skipped a beat as he said that. He quickly looked up at her startled. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to say that." he said quickly. "I mean you are beautiful but I- gods." He groaned covering his mouth. "I don't have a filter." Annabeth laughed out loud as she looked at his flustered face. So maybe things were different now. Maybe he didn't remember her, or all the moments and thoughts they shared,all the memories. But hey, you could always make new ones. He did complete his wish you know. He wanted to save a life and he did. He saved her life. And as she looked at Percy's insanely cute and handsome flustered face she couldn't help but wonder...this was a new start. A fresh start. And maybe, just maybe it was for good this time. Thank you to all those who actually took time from their lives to read this! Thank you so much. I really hope you liked this because I've been working at it for six months so I hope it was worth it. Okay so I'm giving you people a choice. I may or may not turn it into a two shot. It depends on the response but I'm not promising they will get back together in the next chapter. I want it to be realistic. So I'm not confirming that I will make it a two-shot, I may even leave it the way it is. Please leave a review if you think it's worth it! Love you guys! Until next time! Stay tuned!- RachelChaseJackson