"Jason Grace. Sixteen. Sports and weapons." The kid's hair was golden blonde, his face perfectly chiseled. The only flaw was a small scar on his upper lip, but it didn't do anything to detract from his appearance. Wonder how he got that... Maybe he tried to eat a stapler. The girl after him was dressed in black skinny jeans and a Green Day t-shirt, with thick eyeliner to perfectly accentuate her electric blue eyes. Her short cropped hair looking like she had just rolled out of bed. It was messy, but if anyone could pull it off, she could. "Thalia Grace- Jason's sister. Seventeen. Music and weapons." A short redhead was next. "Rachel Dare, sixteen, painting and horseback riding." She his behind Thalia as she spoke, and the rest of the class had to strain their ears to hear her. When everyone just stared at Rachel, Thalia barked, "Next!" Rachel shot her a thankful look. The next two boys looked exactly alike, with sandy blonde hair and mischievous smiles. They spoke in unison. "Connor and Travis Stoll. Sixteen. Skateboarding and practical jokes. BAZINGA!" They are sooo stoned. How are they even paying attention right now? The next boy resembled them for the most part, and anyone would be able to tell that he meant business by the scar that took up most of one side of his face. Cousins, maybe? "My name is Luke Castellan, I'm 17, and my hobbies are sword fighting and archery." The next girl was pretty, but she wore second-hand clothes, no make-up, and kept her hair tied in a messy bun on top of her head. "Piper McLean. Sixteen. Horseback riding and theatre." No one said anything after that, and the teacher shouted, "Next! Leo! Earth to Valdez! Please land your helicopter and return to the realm of the living. Thank you." The boy looked up from the remote control he was playing with, and no one but Nico seemed surprised when a seemingly homemade helicopter landed on his desk. "Oh, sorry..." he said, not at all sounding like it. "As you now know, my name is Leo Valdez. I'm sixteen, single, which I know must be a terrible shock to all you lovely ladies, and my hobbies are metalworking and mechanics. And just so you know, I wouldn't use your megaphone until we get that glitch fixed." "What glitch?" The teacher walked over and tried to talk into the megaphone, but instead of magnifying what she said, it belted out, "THE COW SAYS MOO!" Everyone busted out laughing and Leo just shrugged. "I did warn you..." He let it trail off. "So, who's next?" "Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano. I'm sixteen, and my hobbies are jousting and debates." "Octavian Augustus. Seventeen. Weapons and politics." "Frank Zhang. Sixteen. Archery and military training." "Katie Gardner. Sixteen. Gardening- yes, very funny Travis- and volunteer work." Travis looked stunned. How could she tell him and Connor apart? They were literally identical, and yet she had gotten it right. How was that possible? "I'm Charles Beckendorf, but I prefer to just be called by my last name. I'm seventeen, and my hobbies are metalworking and mechanics." Leo grinned from across the room, and Percy bit back a smile. Leo was going to get them into all kinds of trouble. "Clarisse La Rue. Seventeen. Weapons and martial arts." The next girl was so quiet that everyone had to strain their ears to be able to hear her. "My name is Juniper Nymph, I'm sixteen, and my hobbies are gardening and volunteer work." Another girl from the bitch-squad spoke up. "Drew Tanaka. Sixteen. Make-up and hairstyles." "Nancy Bobofit. Sixteen. Track and cross-country." No wonder she's so good at running away... "Will Solace. Sixteen. Archery and musical theatre." "Zoe Nightshade. Seventeen. Archery and animal obedience training." "Grover Underwood. Sixteen. Music and Environmentalism." "Ethan Nakamura. Sixteen. Sword fighting and sparring." Percy did a double-take when he noticed the kid was wearing an eyepatch. He didn't have one the year before, and Ethan wasn't the type to accessorize unnecessarily. He shrugged to himself and turned his partial attention to the next speaker. "Lee Fletcher, Will's older brother. Seventeen. Archery and music." Everyone turned to stare at Percy, since he was the last to go. "My name is Percy. I'm sixteen, and my hobbies are none of your business. Will that be all?" he asked sarcastically. "Exactly the same answer as every other year..." the teacher mumbled under her breath. "Well, that's your decision I guess... Anyhow, my name is Alecto Dodds, and you will call me Mrs. Dodds and nothing else." She then turned to Nico. "Go sit next to Percy so I can begin the lesson." Then quietly, so only Nico could hear, she whispered, "Good luck with that." Then she launched into a lecture about some sort of math. Nico smiled triumphantly as he sat to Percy's right. Percy ignored him, pretending not to notice Nico. So far, so good... He made it through the class without speaking to Nico once, and the very moment the bell rang he bolted out of the classroom without giving Nico a chance to catch up. The rest of his classes were the same, and he found an empty table for himself at lunch. By the end of the day he had his schedule memorized. Dodds for Math, Kerr for English, Chase for History, then Lunch. After that he had his last class of the day- Latin with Brunner. He had all his classes with Nico, and every class, Nico would take the seat next to him. Not necessarily by choice, but because it was the last available seat... Or so Percy was trying to convince himself. When the bell rang after fifth block, he bolted out the door as fast as he could and took off down the road. Nico ran after him, but he didn't have a chance of catching up. Whoa! He runs really fast! Wonder why he's in such a hurry to get home?