through so much, and sh-she… I just—I miss her so gods damned much sometimes." Her eyes softened a little, and she nodded. Surprising even herself, she reached out and patted his shoulder awkwardly. Comforting people, however, was never her strong suit. "I shall tell my sister that you would have given your relationship everything then. For now, though, I must return to my duties. Good luck, Perseus, and take care of yourself." Stepping back into her moon chariot, she took off back into the air. "Thank you, milady." He whispered, watching the silvery blur return to the sky. He never really considered just how much she knew about him. Not for a long while. oOo They never worked out, he thought sadly, as he left the restaurant, having broken things off with yet another girl. Six months of trying to find someone new, of trying to move on, of searching for happiness, but to no avail. They were nice, the girlfriends. Jane, Anna, Emily, and Jasmine. They were definitely interested in him, but they were only distractions. They took the edge off the pain, but they couldn't do much more than plug the gaping hole in his chest for a short period of time. Outside, the first snowfall was slowly drifting down on New York City, fat flakes landing everywhere. Christmas lights were up in full force as well, lighting up the city, a breathtaking swirl of red and green that he couldn't help but take a moment to appreciate. Pulling up his hood, he started the short trek to his apartment. He lived in the city now. Going back to Camp Half-Blood would bring up memories, and that was the last thing he needed. Six months had done wonders for him, changing him from a barely functional wreck into someone who was now working as an assistant manager at _ Aquarium. Surrounded by sea creatures, Percy felt right at home, almost as if he was living in the ocean. The hours were fair, and the job paid well enough to cover whatever minor expenses he'd had, and he'd felt… better. He neared an intersection, stopping behind a young couple who were taking a picture while waiting the light turned green. As he surreptitiously watched them, he couldn't help but think back to the times when he and Annabeth would've looked just like— No. bad thoughts. He'd been through all of that; there was no sense in going back now. The light changed. Head down, hands stuffed into his sweater, he headed home towards his apartment building. It wasn't anything impressive, but it was his own place, and he was always a little proud of the place. As he neared his apartment building, a ghost of a smile played across his lips at his window, which was easiest the most beautiful window, brightened by the silvery glow of moonlace. He still hadn't had the chance to thank Calypso for the plant she'd gifted him, all those years ago. 'Eh. Not exactly a garden, but it's better than most of Manhattan. He was so deep in thought that he didn't even notice the lady with her arms crossed, standing in front of his apartment building until she literally stepped in his way. "Uh, excuse me miss." He said, trying to go around her, but she wouldn't budge." "Oh for Hades's sake what's the matter with you?" he asked, annoyance creeping into his voice, as he looked up at her. When he saw who it was, he took an immediate step back. "L-L-Lady Artemis? Why are you standing outside of my apartment?" "I can see why they call you Seaweed Brain." She said, coldly. "Why would anyone stand outside anyone's dwelling, if not to call upon them?" "Oh, uhm- did you want to, uhm, come upstairs?" he asked hesitantly, unsure as to her new behavior towards him. He still remembered that strange night six months ago, of how she told him how much she watched him. Of how much she watched him… Oh shit. "L-Lady Artemis, I'm sorry I didn't mean—" "Twelve." she interrupted, her silver eyes boring into his. "W-What?" he asked. "The number of times that Miss Jasmine cried herself to sleep after you broke things off with her." "Oh…" he said, looking down at his feet, not even daring to look up at the goddess. "I thought you were better than this." She said quietly, and the disappointment in her voice cut him deeper than anything had since Annabeth died. Her opinion of him mattered , he realized. He had to fix this. He had to make it right somehow. He looked up and opened his mouth to begin to speak, but she cut him off again. "I know how much you miss her. Even the Gods have taken notice of your sorrow. But you lead these innocent young women on like a pig to slaughter. Do you know that most of these girls will live a life stuck with the lot of males that continuously harm and take advantage of them? If you were going to start a relationship, then I expected you to follow through ." "I'm- I'm sorry, Lady Artemis." He said dejectedly. "I should never have even attempted something resembling a relationship. Maybe I am the same as other men." "Don't apologize to me. It's certainly not my heart that's in need of repair. And Perseus, Zoe was rarely, if ever, wrong about the character of mortals." He nodded, understanding her meaning. Maybe not everything was ruined after all. "See that you don't ruin the lives of more girls either." "Yes, of course milady." He said solemnly. He wouldn't, because hearing that disappointment was fucking awful. "Good." She took a step back, starting to glow, and Percy averted his eyes. With a flash she was gone. But strangely enough, for the first time in months, he didn't feel lonely. oOo Thank you for reading. Please review. Edited: 5/1/2017. Thanks to paradoxed for his beta work.