out and leave. If this was the water well keeper Thalia was talking about, he might as well be the god of the sea's son. "A boy?" Piper asked, seemingly distracted to think. The blonde tried tugging on her hand but she waved him away. "Yes. He and I often met here. He took the liberty of sneaking out at night to talk to me since the guards didn't allow kids up at night. He was also busy for the morning, trying to make a living and feeding himself. His name is Nico." Percy sighed at the memory. Jason was filled with anxiety now. Piper didn't look like she was getting the hint when Jason sent her warning glances. "A kid, huh?" She repeated. "Yeah. He was the cutest kid. He's around thirteen. He's... young," Percy frowned and looked at the sky. "and I should have been there for him when it happened." He said. "That's a sad story and all but I think—" Jason was cut off when Piper shushed him. "What happened?" She asked. There was silence where Jason thought Percy wouldn't answer her but eventually he did. "He told me about a beautiful blue rose he saw one day. One of a kind and it reminded him of me, he says. He wishes to give it to me the day after we talked. I waited for him in this same spot. Time passed and I thought he was caught up in work but then I felt the earth shake. I... knew he was gone." Percy's voice hardened and his eyes turned dark. "I swore to find—" He turned around and his eyes ran down Piper's chest where her necklace displayed the wilting blue rose. Piper froze and so did Jason. They watched as Percy's eyes grew dangerously black. "Where did you get that?" He raised a finger and pointed at the blue rose. Piper said nothing and stared at him. When he didn't receive an answer, Percy growled and suddenly, water from the well rose high in the sky. Jason and Piper took a step back as the wave of water towered them. "You..." The older boy gritted his teeth. His eyes started to tear up. "You killed him!" Jason brought his knife out as Piper brought her dagger out. How they'll beat the demigod they didn't know. "And you're next." Jason lunged for Percy but the older boy was faster. He raised his arm and a blast of water from the ground knocked Jason off his feet. "No!" Piper yelled in fear when Jason stumbled near the edge. Percy walked to where Jason was gripping the edge and kicked him in the face violently. The boy fell with a horrified expression. The green-eyed boy stood and watched as the boy landed on a hard surface, his knife lodged straight to his heart. Percy turned and was met with a swipe to the face with a dagger. Piper was screaming. Percy wiped the blood that dripped from his cheek and sent a wave of water towards Piper, blowing her off balance and down the opposite side of the hill where she fell. The demigod heard her spine-chilling shrieks as numerous bumps and cracks followed. Then the voice died. The water retreated into the well where Percy came and stared at his reflection. The dark look in his eyes made him sigh. "Us demigods never have a good ending." Percy grimaced and wiped his face with the water. The hill was quiet with the exception of the birds chirping. He fell to the ground and sat with his back against the well. "Nico..." he whispered in the quiet wind. The wooden sign still hung in its position. Percy got up and neared it. He ran a finger down the board. His great grandfather used to own the well and he was the one who put up the sign. It was years old and Percy resolved to leave it there. "Once there was a well. A well of endless depth, as humans say. Only the special ones are able to hold their breath for so long and reach the sacred ground below. Rumors went about saying it led to the center of the earth; others argued it was a one-way trip to hell." He reread it for the hundredth time in his life. He never thought to try to dive in the well because simply, the idea sounded stupid. But... if it was hell he were talking about, maybe, just maybe, he could retrieve his lover. The idea brought him back to reality where he unconsciously stood over the water well. He looked down and saw nothing but darkness. Nico was an heir of the god of the underworld. One thing he found out about the boy was that when he dies, his soul finds its way to his father's castle. When Percy had first met Nico, he sensed something strange about the boy. He was a demigod as well but something radiated off him. The smell of death. The boy finally admitted what kept him different from the others. He was brought back to life by his father when his father's brother, also a god, killed him. His father was enraged and devastated. He resolved to bring the boy back to life. If Percy could go down into the underworld and beg Nico's father to return the boy he loved back to him, he might get a chance to be with his lover again. Determined, Percy climbed over the well and jumped. For a sea god's son, he had no trouble breathing. He dived deep into the darkness for hours where the water slowly began to fade away into mist and the dark ground was in view. This was it. Percy turned himself up so that he could land properly. The walls of the well were gone and he now set foot in his lover's territory to retrieve Nico back in his arms where he belonged. The End