his drawing, is the very house they're in at the very moment. "Mom, I-" "Paul and I have only been here for four months," Sally began, "we've been planning it for a long time. We've started to save up. When I finally got this deal for my book's sequel, we finally had the money. I was pretty sad back then, and pregnant," she laughed. "My hormones were of the charts. I made these irrational demands and had these untimely mood-swings. You should've seen the look on Paul's face!" Percy smiled fleetingly. "But then one day I realized, when Paul urged me to start packing, and I found this box, I thought of how great it would be that when you came back, you'd come back to this home. The one we have always dreamed of." Guilt washed over Percy. He realized, his drawings, his early childhood desires, had all come true. They were all tangible and seemingly permanent – he would come home to this house, to these people every day from now on. This house was his to explore and his to use and his to mark with his dirty clothes and My Chemical Romance posters and stinky socks and even ancient Greek relics and weapons. The food in the fridge was his to splurge on, the flat screen T.V. for his eyes to get glued on. Somehow, he could imagine his friends from both camps coming over, with sandwiches served at the garden table at their lawn, and they could just joke around like regular teenagers as friends. Percy could imagine Annabeth having dinner with them here, watching a movie with him by the fireplace, snuggled up close to him. How Annabeth would love this place , he thought. His reverie was cut through by a piercing cry. Without hesitation Sally stood up and walked toward the hall outside, where Paul was carrying the crying baby. Percy tailed after her. When he got there, the baby was in Sally's arms, happily cooing. Percy smiled at the sight of his mother, with her husband's arms wrapped around her. She made these ridiculous faces and the baby made a high-pitched sound like a laugh. "Maybe he wants his big brother to hold him," Sally said in a ridiculous, child-like voice. Percy stopped dead in his tracks. Paul and Sally only smiled at him encouragingly. "Uhmm, no, no way!" Percy stuttered, obviously flustered. "He's so tiny!" He didn't exactly trust his monster-fighting trained hand to carry someone so small that he barely resembled a human yet. But Sally was already handing him over anyway, while instructing Percy of the proper hand position – where to put the baby's head and body and all. The baby was so light and fragile, Percy could hardly believe he was a living, breathing being that could soon grow to be as tall as he was. The baby made high-pitched little laughs, to which Paul teased, "He thinks you look funny!" "A lot of people think I look funny," Percy said in a fake surly voice, to which the baby laughed again. "A lot of people think I look funny!" Percy said again, in an even more ridiculous voice, even throwing in a face. The baby laughed on, and Percy found that he could only smile. It was as if he couldn't control his lip muscles. "Benjamin Ansel, huh?" he said, while he rocked the baby, the way he would see his parents do. "From your favorite authors?" he addressed Paul and Sally, and they nodded. "Not a name as cool as Perseus," he chuckled, "but I'm afraid that would do." Sally began to try to take Benjamin back, but Percy held him back. "He's like a little bean!" Paul laughed. "Don't be overly fond now, kid. He's got to be fed." Percy handed him back to Paul while Sally prepared the milk formula. "Beans," Percy said, "that's what we should call him. Since he looks like one, and it's the first two letters of his first name and the first three letters of his second name." "He might not like that nickname," Paul said doubtfully. "Beans? I think it's adorable!" Sally chuckled while she began to bottle feed the baby. "I'm going to teach him how to bike one day," Percy said, beaming with genuine happiness, "and give him girl advice, since I'd be an expert by then." "Oh, trust me, you'll never become an expert when it comes to women," Paul teased, and Sally playfully elbowed him. Percy can't help but be overjoyed at the scene before him. He had never felt anything like it for the past few months. This was his life now. All of a sudden, the place didn't seem so bad. He wouldn't mind coming back here every day after school. He didn't mind the perfect pictures of Beans seemingly reluctant amidst his shabby ones. They'd soon be filled with new ones one day, one with them together. The two brothers, his parents – all of them . He would fill this house with new memories, happier ones. Ones that don't involve a drunkard wailing at them, yelling obscenities, threatening to hit them with the furniture. Ones that don't involve a furious land ladies, tired of their excuses and the little money they'd scrape up. A lot of things changed in Percy's life over the course of the years, mainly since he found out he was a demigod. In fact, a lot of change happened in the final moments of the war alone. Nothing was the same anymore. And this new home.. it was part of that overwhelming series of change. But it was a good change. It was change that made him feel warm and comfortable and accepted and safe. It was change that left a seemingly permanent smile etched on his lips. Finally, he felt like he was back home. Thank you so much for reading! Hope you enjoyed it! How are the litte surivivors of BoO? :3