as soon as it happened. "Never mind," he looked down timidly, "it's gonna be really hard to teach me." "Why is that?" "I'm dyslexic." Oh. I didn't know that. A part of me was happy that I was learning more and more about this guy who I've been crushing on. He began tapping his pen on the desk, this time a different rhythm. "That's why I do my best with swimming," he sighed, almost wistful, "it's not like my grades are gonna get me anywhere." "And what about volunteering at the fire station?" He turned to me then smiled, as if he was really glad that he was asked this question. "Well, I like helping people out. It's the best I can do without powers like Naruto, I guess." I raised an eyebrow. Of course everyone's heard of Naruto, but only a few have the sense and the bravery to openly acknowledge him, given this culture of geek hate. Maybe he watches or reads it? Nah kid, jocks got no time for that , said my inner self. And I had to agree. Maybe he thinks –or knows- that I'm of the anime kids and Naruto was the only character he could think of that he could make a comparison with. "Sorry, you're probably not into this cheesy stuff," he began, "but I think he's pretty cool, Naruto I mean. I wanna be like that. I mean, not necessarily like that , like a ninja, but I wanna have his drive, you know? To never give up, to save his friends." I was stunned. "You watch or read Naruto?" He nodded, then chuckled. "You seem weirded out," he said, his tone challenging, "can't I watch anime?" I shrug, caught off guard. "I don't know, I guess you're supposed to do whatever it is you popular people do." "And I guess you honor students also have nothing else better to do than study?" he teased. "Good point." "It's just.. he inspires me a lot. You should try it, Naruto I mean." My switch was flipped in that exact moment, like all nerves clicked like a billion Christmas lights that exploded like fireworks. You probably understand how it is to be a fangirl, finding out someone is the same fandom as you, and you're like – We are one, my friend . And yes – I was having that moment with Percy Jackson, someone who was just a mystery for me, had I not been too caught up in that one anime. "I have watched it," I smiled, "I also wait for the manga updates." That seemed to brighten him up. "Me, too!" Wow . Just wow. I guess Percy and I aren't so far apart from the social spectrum after all. Maybe everything I've heard about him was wrong. In this one conversation, I've learned more about him than a year's worth of gossip. I'd tell you how my senses are on fire and how my heart is going doki doki, but I bet you already knew that. "This is so freakin' cool. Naruto is sick, man. I wanna help people, too," said Percy, smiling and locking his eyes with mine. "So you're going to be a firefighter one day?" "Well, after high school, I'll step it up a bit," he smirked, and I could sense a bit of pride in the shimmer in his eyes. "I'll join the military." "Really? Which one?" I replied, stunned with his answer. I did not expect that. He smirked and replied, "the Recon Corps." God, this guy is a winner . "No, kidding. I'll join the Navy. My Dad's a high ranking officer there," he said, and spark in his eyes died down. He looked wistful again. I could sense that it was because of his father. "He and my mom got a divorce when I was really young. But still, I think what my Dad does is pretty cool." He smiled at me. I melted. I had a front row seat to his eyes, and I was actually starting to peel through a layer of it somehow. I was starting to more about him, I was staring to have a view of the real Percy Jackson, through his gorgeous green eyes. "Or maybe I'll stick to firefighting. It's still pretty darn heroic. Besides, with my grades right now, I might not pass the exam for the Navy.." Oh . Right then was a light bulb moment for me. Because obviously, I'm not getting over Percy Jackson any time soon. Hey – you can't let go of someone of the same fandom so easily (unless they have a different ship, then it's friendship over. Kidding!) And this was the perfect opportunity to pay him back for saving my life, despite him not supposed to have been the one to do that. I gathered up my courage and told him, "I can help you out." He straightened his back and stopped tapping with his pen. He looked at me, considering my offer. "Do you still have time for that? I mean, you probably have lots of school work and anime lined up?" He smirked. And was it a smirk. "Uh, it's the least I can do, after everything. You kind of risked your life for me, and you barely knew me." "I had to! Could you imagine it if I hadn't? Then I wouldn't be able to see yo-" he abruptly stopped, then blushed, which made me feel all warm around the face. "What?" "Nothing," he replied, nodding his head, almost chuckling. Again, I had to gather my bravery. "Just accept it," I said, "I'll help you get into the navy, you give me a bunch of anime episodes.." "It's a deal," he held out his hand for me to shake, and I obliged. Yeah, I was not getting over his dark hair and green eyes any time soon. In fact, I was find out more things to love about him, in time. The End.