fire just outside of the statue's powerful aura. All it did was add a more evil atmosphere around the…the monsters that had taken Annabeth from him. And for that, they were going to pay. Hardly realizing what he was doing, he picked Riptide off the ground. His breath coming in short, angry bursts, he started toward his target, the edges of his vision taking on a red tinge. He slowly sped up until he was flat out sprinting, undeterred by the flames leaping fifteen feet in the air. Without breaking stride, he snatched a spear off the ground, not quite sure where it came from, but too angry to care. A horrible, pained scream echoed off the marble walls of the temple, and he dimly realized it was coming from his own mouth. Red shadowy figures that may have been his friends retreated from his path, shouting incomprehensibly at him as he charged the only thing standing in his way. Heat blistered his skin as he shoved the speartip into the ground, vaulting lightly over the red tongues of flame that licked at his tattered shoes. He landed feet first on a hellhound's spinal cord, successfully snapping it in half and driving the beast into dust on the ground. Before the monsters had recovered their wits, he had killed a dozen assorted beasts, easily cutting down everything within reach. He dimly heard his friends calling to him from the other side of the barrier, yelling at Leo to get them through, but the words meant nothing to him. He plowed forward, sword cleaving through the monsters like dry sand. He didn't think about what he was doing, he just slashed at anything and everything in his path. Blood pounded through his brain, almost like a headache, and he was pretty sure the ground was shaking at his feet. But he didn't care. All he cared about was revenge. A drakon got a lucky slash at his leg, but Percy barely felt it. He just stabbed it through the chest and turned to cut a telkhine that had snuck up behind him. The monsters fell before him like grain to a scythe as he plowed his way through the army, a path of destruction in his wake. He was completely surrounded, but he found he liked it that way. Now he could attack on all sides. Then, unexpectedly, the monsters around him started to back up. Step by step, they retreated from the deadly arc of his sword. Percy yelled in annoyance and anger, lunging toward the nearest hellhound. That did it. As one, the entire army of monsters turned and fled, as if running from the plague. Percy stood there as the monsters ran all around him, not quite understanding what was going on. It finally registered as the last snake slithered past that his foes were gone. "Get back here, you cowards!" he roared, waving his sword in the air. He began to sprint after them, determined to destroy every single one of their beastly hides, when something grabbed him by the shoulders and held him back. Percy swung Riptide blindly into the air at his attacker, tired of being grabbed and determined to destroy every last one of Gaea's army. "Whoa!" Jason cried, ducking out of range just in time. "Percy. Calm down. They're gone. It's over." Percy just looked at him in utter incomprehension. Jason's words translated into something else, something that meant so much more to him then a fleeing army of monsters: Annabeth's gone. He looked over Jason's shoulder, just making out the closed Doors of Death on the other side of the valley, and all the energy drained out of him. He collapsed to the ground, letting Riptide fall next to him, and began to cry, one thought circling through his shell-shocked mind: Annabeth's gone . His frail body shook as uncontrolled, slightly hysterical sobs burst from his mouth, and he made no effort to contain them. He was dimly aware of others coming up behind Jason, all turning to stare at him in awe as the earthquake subsided, but he ignored them. Annabeth was gone. That was all that mattered. A wave of exhaustion overcame him, and he felt his system shutting down. Exerting that much energy immediately after escaping Tartarus probably wasn't the best idea on his part. He could almost hear Annabeth's voice, playfully chiding him for his foolishness, and he sobbed all the harder. He willingly let the blackness overcome him as his broken body just gave up. He crumpled forward, barely aware that arms had caught him before he could hit the ground. Tears still streaming down his cheeks, he allowed himself to be carried off into a deep, miraculously dreamless sleep. No, I did NOT kill Annabeth. Just want to make that clear. There will be a short epilogue, and it will explain everything. So what do you think? Let me know in a review! I've had this idea floating around in my head for MONTHS and I've just now managed to connect the scattered pieces and fit them together well enough to call a story. It would mean a LOT if you just reviewed! No HoH spoilers, please! How was the flashback thingie? It was my first attempt at anything like that, and I'm not sure if it worked out... Constructive criticism is accepted and appreciated! I know, I know, bad title. Percy's not making a sacrifice, he's being FORCED to. And Frank didn't help him, he distracted him. *Sigh* It was all so much better in my head. Poor Percy... Well, he'll (sort of) spring back next chapter! I'll try and update as soon as I can, but no guarentees. I'm going to be EXTREMELY busy the next few days. I already know what I want to write, but it's always hard for me to get it down on paper... Check out my other stories and vote on my poll! Thanks to everyone who has already!