but I forgot to mention," he smirked, "I also set fire to the Magic Castle." "I also sensed your presence at the Magic Castle. All except for in the Houdini Room, which I protected from any damage with the last of my powers. Only the chosen mortal who dares venture within shall find the source of my magic," Houdini grinned. "The protection spell is strengthened on Halloween thanks to the séances that magician fans of mine conduct on my death day each year." "Halloween...was the time that I chose to burn Magic Castle down," Hades realized with horror. "You...you sneaky bastard!" He hollered, slapping him. Houdini made no reaction, just smiled triumphantly and silently. "Never mind," Hades glared, "in the end...it is I who have won. You may have enjoyed your time when you were buried alive and escaped Tartarus..." "Ah yes, good times. I commissioned old Howard to write a story about it..."Under the Pyramids"...ever read it?" "Silence!" Hades trembled. "Much as you laugh now, I have won the final battle. That was your last escape...you are now here forevermore. Farewell, Houdini. You were once a formidable opponent, but now..I hope I might forget you, at least until our hundred year mark," he snarled, walking away. Houdini took a deep breath. "Charon!" Hades yelled. "Yes, my lord...?" "Lately we have not been catching nearly as many evil, corrupted souls as we should have. We are relocating to the true source of evil itself!" "You don't mean..." "Yes, I mean it!" Hades barked. "I don't care if we have to live under it or around it, but seriously. It hosts the annual International Red Cross Ball? Guests pay upwards of $200,000 and include the New Jersey Democratic Party Leader? Something insidious is going on, without a doubt, and now it is time for us to take advantage and move hell to the newest source of corruption." "I thought you had wanted to go to Wall Street instead, sir?" "Do not contradict me!" Hades glared. "I rewrote your name tag once, Charon, and I can rewrite it again if you dare displease me again." "I..." Charon took a deep breath. "I'll start moving our headquarters immediately, sir...by the way..." " What? " "About that raise...and, ahem, my next salary...when will..." Hades simply shook his head and stormed away. Charon seethed. "This," he snarled, "is the last straw." Gnashing and grinding his teeth together, he rapidly punched Dorothy Dietrich's contact information into a cell phone. "Hello, ma'am? So, about that ten thousand dollar reward you offered for anyone who could get you into contact with your idol Houdini? Well, haha, funny story...I am calling directly from the underworld, and yes, I know where the fuck he is. Yes. Yes, I WILL open a portal into the human world so he may meet you in the flesh. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. No, I don't want your filthy human cash, just put it on my bank account like a normal person! Uhhuh. Alright, I don't care, yes you may escape with him and hide him at some Buddhist monastery or wherever you like...I could not care less what happens to him. Yeah, sure, I guess an invisibility spell would be wise, come to think of it. Goodbye!" On May 22nd, 2017, a four by four sinkhole opened in the Southern Boulevard in front of Mar-a-lago, President Trump's private resort in Palm Beach, Florida. No one could really explain what had caused it. Perhaps, as they joked to themselves, hell had indeed opened its mouth...for just a few seconds there. But everyone laughed it off for the most part, except for maybe a few awkward looking teenagers in orange shirts who just turned to look at one another and laughed more nervously. All that Hades knew, however, was that by some mysterious means, Harry Houdini had vanished entirely from his clutches and somehow Charon, not that he really cared about Charon's stupid business, had gotten himself another stupid and expensive Italian stupid suit. Whatever, not that he cared. He went to go sulk in the shadows and plot his revenge somewhere...first he would check all the Buddhist monasteries. Why Buddhist monasteries? No real reason. He just had a nagging feeling in his godly guts. Charon, on the other hand, was just spiffy. He had enough money to buy himself an entire new wardrobe now. Everything was just fine and dandy. Well, Persephone was bugging him and hinting that she wouldn't mind it if he opened another sinkhole just for her. Not that she knew anything, but really...she wasn't born yesterday, either. Far away, a man with a newly shaved head and orange robes laughed to himself loudly before being asked to repeat the Upāsaka vows. Note: I do not mean to defame the great name of Houdini. Although this does not justify certain obvious (and maybe potentially disrespectful) implications, please remember that a lot of freedom was taken for the expression of satire and parody. Sadly, the River of Styx could not have saved him, much as it would have been nice to imagine...but he really was a magician who fought against fraud and sought to debunch fake psychics and spiritualism. Please do spend some time reading about Houdini's real life, times, and death. He really did commission works from H.P. Lovecraft and broke off a friendship with Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, author of the Sherlock Holmes series. And the horribly named cricket team? Either an elaborate Wikipedia hoax, or just a comically incomptent team of writers who all just got together cause why not. Anyway..the idea came to me when the sinkhole opened and I finished the first PJO book, in which it was remarked that the actual location of hell moves around. And among those who braved the depths of Tartarus, Houdini's name was casually thrown in. Man...I really need to order the second book of PJO soon. RIP, Harry Houdini. May all of those reading have a good day and stay safe. See ya!