and gently swirled it around the glass. "Their names were Grover and Juniper." Annabeth looked up at him, "They should be preparing for their wedding, not rotting in the other room. For how much I've been worried about my mom, they didn't cross my mind once. He was my best friend for 8 years and I forgot about him. How could I do that?" "You think this is your fault?" Annabeth looked perplexed. Percy threw his hands up in the air, "How could I not?! I should have called him, I should have warned him, I could have done something. " "Stop Percy," Annabeth stood up and crossed the room, she sat down beside him, "Stop thinking in what if's, it won't change anything." "I failed him Annabeth, when it mattered the most." "No, you didn't. I don't think you have it in you to purposely to anything that would harm someone you love. This happened and it's awful and I'm sorry, but its not your responsibility." Percy wiped his nose on the back of his hand, "How do you always know what to do and say?" "I read," She said simply, "Everything. In fact I read this book about grief that said one of the most important things to do when experiencin- uh sorry," She cleared her throat, "um I can get carried away…do you, I don't know, wanna talk about them?" "Grover and Juniper?" "Yeah, how'd you meet?" "Some kid in sixth grade was picking on Grover and I wasn't even friends with him then, but it made me angry…I - I got in a fight. The bully was a lot bigger than me," Percy smiled from the memory, "and she beat the crap out of me, eventually pushing me to the ground. The only reason I didn't get kicked out of school for fighting was because Grover stood up to the principal for me. Best friends ever since." Annabeth settled a hand on his knee. "Sounds like he was a great person." "He was. Much better than me." Annabeth didn't say anything to that. "And Juniper, she was perfect for him. They both wanted to save the world in their own quirky little ways. But now I guess, there's really not a world left to save." "There's still us." Annabeth said quietly. Percy suddenly felt self conscious, "Why are you here Annabeth?" She straightened up, "Safety in numbers." "The city is too dangerous, you said so yourself. My mom's probably dead-" Percy's throat closed up and he couldn't keep talking. "Don't say that! There's still hope" "Ah come on, Annabeth, you're so smart and-and logical. What's your head telling you?" Percy just wanted to hear the truth, he wanted to know Annabeth wouldn't lie when it mattered. There was a long pause, but then she spoke. "That your mother is dead and you're going to kill yourself trying to find her." Annabeth withdrew her hand from his knee. "So you think this is a suicide mission" "Yes." "Then why are you still with me?" "I-I don't know." "Bullshit" Percy felt like he was pushing it, but he never did know when to stop. She looked at him sharply, anger in her eyes. "I don't have to explain myself to you." She stood up and moved to leave the room. "Actually, I think you do!" Annabeth laughed shrewdly, stopping at the entrance to the hallway, "You have a lot of nerve for someone I met a few days ago!" Percy stood up too, "I don't think it's too much to ask why Annabeth, or else how can I trust you if I don't know why you do the things you do." He sighed, "We're working together, keeping each other safe-" "Most of it me, saving your ass." "That's my point!" Percy was getting frustrated, "Why do you keep saving me if you barely know me?" Annabeth huffed and Percy quieted down, waiting what seemed like forever for her response. "I don't want to be alone, Alright?!" Annabeth's face was flushed. "It's worse when I'm alone." "Oh," Percy sat back down slowly, "What is?" As fast as the two of them had heated up, they cooled back down. Everything that ever happened with Annabeth and him was unpredictable. He usually didn't know what to make of her. "The memories," Percy nodded, "Memories of your first zombie? Those, well, those are tough" "The memories are of my family." She walked back to the couch and sat down again, "I don't want to talk about it." "I won't ask you to," Percy said, then feeling brave, "I am glad we found each other." "Me too," Annabeth gave him a little smile and another pat on the knee. "If it wasn't for you I'd probably would have died my first night in the city," Percy laughed. "Yeah, you're kind of hopeless on your own," Annabeth laughed with him. Annabeth's eyes were the softest Percy had seen them. In the short time he had known her, he had relied entirely on her. She was the reason they were still alive, her hardness unyielding until now. He stared openly at her face, at this girl he knew next to nothing about, but trusted with his life. Only now did it occur to him how lucky that had actually turned out. Only now did it occur to him how close the two of them were, her hand on his knee suddenly felt like a hot iron, his body was itching for him to do something. Looking at her lips, he contemplated closing the distance between them. Her eyes were staring back at him, studying him. Percy was sure she could tell exactly what he was thinking. For a split second it looked like she might be the one to close the distance between them, but she blinked and the look was gone. Her hand tightened and she stood up. "You should eat your food." Annabeth said before she disappeared down the hall into the bathroom.