Will to press their lips together as it would happen when Will imagined Nico doing the same. Will realized he simply wasn't impressed with these boys. He wasn't particularly attracted to them. Yes, these boys in his school had pretty mouths or broad shoulders or strong jawbones, but they didn't have any intensity in their stares that drew Will to stare harder. He didn't think the boy who sat beside him would be able to endure a broken ankle without even the slightest hint of pain, no wince nor whimper. Will hadn't been too impressed at the time, but spending time with boys who crumbled when they stubbed their toes showed Will just how tough Nico had been. Jake had been right when he boasted of Nico's silence. When the school year ended and it was time to return to camp, Will hoped the smaller boy would be back. He missed that tinge of excitement he hadn't noticed till it was gone that he would get when he caught Nico's eye. Unfortunately, there was a crisis that took away all attention from Will's soft longing for a boy whom Will would, against his will, describe as ephemeral. He heard that Nico had been stopping by the camp sporadically over the winter break. Those visits stopped when Percy went missing. Like every other available friend, Nico went out in search of the missing hero. Will didn't see him again until much later, and boy had everything and nothing changed when he did see him. Nico had been nearly consumed by the darkness within and around him. He refused to listen to any of Will's medical advice, and he blatantly disregarded Will, while at the same time, needed him desperately. Nico's skills and elegance had only magnified exponentially, since the last time Will had seen him. He even used those skills to aid Will in their battles. He made Will's usually level blood boil in frustration and excitement. So obviously, Will loved every second of it. As the battle wound down and the time for healing the injured came up, Will spent all his time healing and tending to the infirmary and all those assisting in the infirmary. Every time the door opened, his heart would jump at the thought that it may be Nico coming to finally say hi to him. Each time his stomach would drop when he'd look to see a random camper rush in or out. After the second day and hundredth time this happened, Will was fed up. He stopped looking to see who entered, and he avoided looking at Nico throughout the entirety of the burial rites that Nico performed for the camp, focusing instead on his fallen comrades. On the third morning, as Will walked out of his cabin to start another busy day in the infirmary tending to the Roman campers who needed to be healed up fast before their long departure, he saw Nico chatting with another camper. Fed up with Nico's refusal to stop by to say hi like the friend Nico had established himself to be the year before, Will stared Nico down until he finally noticed. Having given the boy an appropriate amount of time and space to make his own way to Will, he gave Nico his own stern stare, which he had honed while learning to be a head counselor for the most hyperactive and distractible campers. Nico visibly deflated in defeat, and Will felt victorious and felt his confidence growing. He told Nico there were no ifs, ands, or buts about his deplorable behavior in the past as friends as well as his current lack of concern for his own health, which was clearly waning still. When Nico hurried away with his promise to return, Will waited patiently. As Nico walked back to him with a spring in his step and with his back a little straighter as if a weight had been lifted from his shoulders, Will couldn't keep the small smile off his face. He then had three days to help Nico recover as well as convince Nico that being a friend meant saying hi every once in a while. He would never dream of trying anything funny with Nico during those days. To Will, intimacy was something that was to be reserved for someone you love. He recognized that Nico seemed to be the only person who could light his flame, but he also acknowledged that he barely knew Nico. He didn't even know if Nico could ever reciprocate his feelings. He understood that sexuality was something ingrained in people sometimes. For him, it was only boys. For Nico, it may not be. Either way, the boy who wouldn't stop floating in and out of Will's short life had agreed to stay put for at least three days. Will would do his best to get Nico into tip top shape before he could drift away again, if Will was unsuccessful in convincing him to actually stay this time. Will had thought he would be staying last time, but look how that turned out. He didn't see Nico for another year! No. Will needed to figure out how to get it through Nico's thick head. Will wasn't too convinced yet. Nico was dense, Will knew. He would change his mind if someone didn't step up and do something. Will took one more look at the boy beside him as they walked toward the infirmary in the warmth of the rising sun and decided he would be that someone. How else was he to get to know Nico and see if he could actually like the boy who made his stomach feel so funny without doing anything other than simply existing near Will. He refused to let his heart make any rash decisions without plenty of information to work with. First step, get Nico to actually stay. Second step, get to know Nico. Third step, proceed with caution and make new step to reflect new developments.