brows knitted together, "It's just you and me, now," She then ran forward gripping her dagger tightly. But after that very moment...darkness covered the room. Kleo found herself sweating and panting. She wandered around with a tired and confused look on her face. One, because she was lost, and two, how the hell did she end up in the woods? She's been running around for hours, back at her house, some bear, lion thingy attacked her and Annabeth. Her mother drew a dagger and was prepared to fight. But she cried for Kleo to run, get away. For the first time, Kleo was scared. Worried to the end. She didn't know if her mother was dead or not. Thinking that made her sniffle then cry, it was a painful thing really. She soon fell to her knees as tears trailed down her red puffy cheeks, and splashing down against the shredded brown leaves under her knees. She needed help. She needed her mom. She needed...she WANTED her father. She wanted for him to wrap his arms around her pulling her into a protective hug and kissing her on the head. She wanted to be Daddy's Little Girl. It ached for her to see other girls or boys (especially girls) laughing or playing around with their father. It- "Why are you crying?" Asked a husky male voice. Kleo's eyes widened and she looked over her shoulder to see a tall man standing over her. He was very handsome, like, a God handsome. He had short cropped jet black hair, bright sea-green eyes, a light tan, he looked to be very muscular and well-built and he had a neatly trimmed jet black beard. He smelled like sea-water, just like she did. And his smile, it was just like hers. He held out his hand and she eyed it for a few seconds before taking it, he helped her up to her feet with a warm smile, "There. Now, what's wrong?" Kleo sniffled wiping her nose using her arm sleeve. "You wouldn't understand," She grumbled lowly but in a dark tone. The man raised a brow with a light chuckle, "Wouldn't understand?" He repeated. He folded his arms over his chests causing his biceps and triceps to look bigger, " I wouldn't understand the pain of losing a mother? I have. When I first came into these woods, I was running for my life along with my mother and my best friend who happens to be a Satyr," Kleo raised a brow at the 'Satyr' part, "anyways, this Minotaur was after us. It caught my mom and turned her into gold dust. I thought she was dead for sure and that's when my powers kicked in and I fought the Minotaur. Thus, defeating it." "Wow. Nice story. Now, leave me alone so I can sulk in peace," said Kleo kicking leaves and dirt at the man's feet. The man's eyes averted to his feet that were shielded by combat boots, but the boots were covered with dirt and bits of leaves. He looked back up at her and they locked eyes. "You are a feisty one, aren't you?" "Leave me alone." "Sorry, but that's a negative, sir." "Are you just some dumbass hill billy that lives under a rock, eats roadkill and drinks his own piss?" "No. No. And finally...nope. I actually live underwater, I eat Ambrosia and I drink Nectar. And I'm quite smart, thank you." "If you're so smart then you'd understand the words 'Leave me alone.'" "I do understand them. I just don't want to follow them." "Go fuck yourself." "Sorry, don't do the whole masterbating thing." "Why not?" "Because it's gross. Plus if I wanted pleasure I would go out and get a woman." "You sexist bastard!" "What? You asked, I responded. You must do the whole masterbating thing." "Are you fucking crazy?! No! I'm only fourteen, dumbass!" "Hey, when kids watch Porn, it doesn't matter how old you are when you start to masterbate." "Well I don't! Are we done here?" "Not yet, kiddo." "Do not call me, kiddo." "Feisty one, eh. Just like Annabeth." "Annabeth? You knew my mom?" "You could say she was my first love and girlfriend." "That's crazy. Because my mom said she only had one boyfriend or lover or whatever in her life. and she said that was my dad..." Silence soon filled the air. The man winked at her with a charming smirk. Her gray eyes began to water in disbelief and happiness, "...Dad..." She whispered and he reached out to comb his fingers through her dark hair which she inherited from him. "I didn't even know I had a daughter. Until your mother prayed to me silently," whispered Kleo's father as he pulled her into a loving embrace. Her head nestled in his chest. His fingers, absent-minded combing his fingers through her hair and his head pressed against the top of hers. Her nose filled with his scent. He smelled like sea. Was he Poseidon? Was her father Poseidon? "No." She frowned slightly. He said that as if he read her mind. If he wasn't Poseidon then...who was he? The man claiming to be her father stepped away from her. "I'm surprised, Wise Girl didn't say anything about me. Shame on her. But," He raised his index finger and middle finger poking Kleo softly on her forehead, "if you must know. I am Percy Jackson, God of Raging Storms, Waves, Time, Earthquakes and Heroes." "No wa-" Her gray eyes became heavy. A tiredness washed over her body. She became numb and her eyes closed, she fell into the man who was revealed as Percy's strong arms. Percy grunted before holding her bridal-style with a small smile. His bright green eyes scanning her face that reminded him of his true love. "Rest, my beloved daughter. For you have a huge fate on your shoulders." Leave a Review, please. Don't forget to Follow and Favorite, you guys! See ya in the next chapter!