glaring down on the stripes. Stripes were never his thing. "Do you have anything black?" he spoke for the first time and looked into deep green eyes. The brunette gaped at him then laughed. "Okay, okay. Questions later" he stood up from his place and went out of the room. The boy in bed stretched his arms around and felt bones snap. He reclined his position and relaxed on the fluffy white goodness known as pillows. He hasn't laid back into one of these things since forever. He shifted lower and turned around. He nuzzled his face into the soft material and moaned in satisfaction. It's nice to be out of that damned laboratory. The door opened and the teen held up a black shirt with a skeleton figure. "This is all I got. I'm not a big fan of black and my friend Leo got this for me as a joke in Halloween" he placed the shirt on the bed. The escapee sat up and pulled the blue and white striped shirt off him. He felt the attention of the other teen lingering on his body but didn't make a move to acknowledge it. He slipped the black shirt on. "Where are you from? I'm guessing you don't eat a lot, huh? We're going to make you eat a buffet of foods while you're here" the teen grinned and went for the door. The escapee traced the skeleton with his index finger and laid down again. He stared up at the white ceiling. The boy twisted his head to have a look around the room. The walls were light blue and had a relaxing feeling to it. Even the sheet on the bed he's lying down on is blue. How he didn't notice he doesn't know. His eyes followed the pattern of small fishes on the sheet. Chucking lightly, he turned to look at the pillows. As he suspected, they also had the same color and pattern as the bed sheets. The door opened and the girl from a while ago came in with a bowl of what seems to be soup. It was placed on a tray as well as a cup of cold water. Annabeth placed the tray beside him and occupied the previous spot the other boy sat in moments ago. The escapee sat up, moving the tray to sit on his lap. He chowed down on the soup hungrily all the while having the presence of the girl beside him, watching him. It was kind of creepy, if he admits. "Can I help you?" he asked and looked at the blonde. He didn't mean to sound rude but from what he's been through, kindness is a weakness. He gave an apologetic frown but it quickly dissipated. Fortunately, the girl understood. "Since my friend tried but failed in interrogating you, I'll let you cool off and drink some water before we get to know you. You looked pretty sick when we found you, you know" she frowned as she recalled the thought. The boy snorted. "It's better than staying locked up" he murmured. He brought the glass to his lips and drank a generous amount of cold water. He sighed and placed the tray back where the girl placed it. Annabeth looked at him in confusion. "Locked up? Does your family abuse you?" a sudden panic raised in her voice. She straightened in her seat and placed both her palms on the bed. The boy grimaced and twiddled with his thumbs. He looked down on his lap. "My life's been a crazy labyrinth. I don't think I'm able to tell you about that yet" he confessed. He wanted someone to trust. He'd never admit it to anyone but he's afraid that once he's put his trust in someone, they'll turn on him; break him like the people in the laboratory. What was he thinking, staying here and letting them comfort him. What if they were sent by those scientists to fool him? His mind reached out slowly to grip the girl's neck, ready to strangle her. Then he felt her hand on his shoulder. The boy looked up at the concerned look on the girl's face. "It's fine. You can tell us when you're ready" she smiled sadly. His hold on her broke. She looked at the tray then back to the boy. "I'm guessing you're still hungry" it wasn't a question. More like a statement. But nonetheless, the boy nodded. "I'll make you more food" she smiled and stood up. She grabbed the tray and opened the door. "Annabeth," the boy called out to her. The blonde looked back. "Thank you" the boy said. She nodded and closed the door behind her. Not a second later, the door opened and Percy came in. "How are you feeling buddy?" he asked. "Desperate for food like a whore in heat" the boy groaned. Percy laughed and sat down beside him. The escapee leaned down and rested his head on the pillows. "Is everything here blue?" he asked. Percy stared at him then at the room. "Not everything" he smiled. "This is my room, by the way. Blue is my favorite color" he said. "That explains the shirt" the boy nodded to the disregarded shirt that lay on the floor. The older teen made no move to get it. "What's your name?" he asked again. The escapee tugs on the black shirt and tries to fix it so that it won't hang lower than his shoulders. "Nico di Angelo" he says. "Well, Nico, you can stay here until we figure you out and help you back on your feet" Percy places his hand on Nico's bare shoulder and rubs it comfortingly. The escapee has no choice but to nod his head. At least they were kind enough to give him a place stay. After that, he'll need to find a place to crash. His suspicion makes him unable to trust others easily. But for now, this will do.