on our way home, from Saint Joseph's after our meeting with Father Davis. I was expelled from school, and I wasn't complaining one bit. "Marie, what are your father and I going to do with you? This is your second school in a year. We can't keep this up forever, you have one more year of school left." Bonita said. "I know Bon, you don't have to keep telling me." "Marie-" "And my name isn't Marie; its Raven." Bonita and I fell silent. As we pulled into our drive way, I looked out the window. Looking at our house you'd think its cool. But it's not, its not even our house. Its the old judges house, we just lived there, to reinvent it and make it so the museum can turn into a museum for the Salem Witch trails. The house is a three floored manor, with windows in just about every room. It was build around the same time Saint Joseph's was built, but it stayed interacted over the years, just rotting slowly over time. Bonita pulled up close to the front of the house and turned the car off. We got out and I walked in and was greeted by Dad. Dad has short black with mixes of gray hair, brown eyes, that were covered by big square glasses and pale skin. Dad has a face that made others turn and stair because of the big red birthmark, covering half of his face; his had a emotionless, computer like voice. He wore a white shirt, covered by a ugly brown sweater, with ugly green zig-zag designs, brown dress pants and black dress shoes. he was tapping his foot angrily on the floor. I'm in trouble. "Marie Marguerite Light." Dad said angrily. Correction, I'm in big trouble. I walked past him, wanting to go up to my room, but he spoke again. "Freeze young lady." Angrily I stopped on the stars and turned to face him. "what?" "You were expelled?" "Don't know why you're asking if you already know the answer." "Go to your room." "Gladly." I stormed up the stars and entered my room, slamming the door shut. Since there was no electricity , all I had for a source of light was an old oil lamp, that was in the room, when we moved in. Dad said I could keep it until electricity could be added; we've lived here since I was six and I'm now seventeen years old, and there's still no electricity. I turned the oil lap on, and threw my back across the room. My room is a small one, but I kinda liked it, even if it was a two hundred year old room. I had a bed, two dressers, a old desk and two bookshelves. Dad said it use to be a study.; but now it was my bedroom. The bed was actually bigger then the room, so there was a small space between the foot of the bed and the wall, but it was big enough that I could get throw, with out turning. The covers were a dark blue color with light blue and white mixed in, with matching pillows. My dressers were two wooden dressers, one with a mirror and one without. The bed and dressers were made out of the same style of wood, and each had little leaf designs on the tops. The desk was in the room when we moved in and we just left in there. There was one single window in the room, and it gave me a view of the woods surrounding the house. An hour had past and I was in bed, in some old yoga pants and a short sleeve gray t shirt, reading my book when Bonita's voice came in behind the door. "Marie, may I come in?" "Yeah." I said not looking up from my book. The door opened and Bonita came in. I marked my page and put my book down, and looked at her. She had her hair curled and down, something that is very rare, a black dress that hugged her curves, and a little but of her breast showing from a tinny opening near the top, a gold locket, that her mother gave her and some unneeded makeup. "You look beautiful." "Thank-you. You're father and I are leaving for dinner, there's money on the living room table for you, why don't you order some pizza and a soda; I left my phone on the table too." "Ok... is he still mad?" "Yeah, so may want to wait until we leave, before you come out." I smiled. Bonita always warned me if Dad was still mad or not and then tell me to wait a bit, before coming to get me. "Thanks Bon." Bonita smiled at me, before Dad's voice come from down stars. "Bonita, come on or we'll be late!" Dad boomed. "I'm coming John." Bonita sighed and kissed my forehead and left the room. I got out of bed and walked slowly out of the room and stood, near the edge of the hallway and closed my eyes. "Are you ready?" "Yes John, I'm ready." I heard the sound of the door opening and closing and I waited for a few minutes, before walking down the stars and into the living room, where Bonita left the money. The living room is the biggest room, in the house...besides the kitchen that is. There are four couches, all red and in surprisingly, perfect condition. There was a fire, place and some fire wood, for the cold winter's evenings, bookcases surrounding the walls, and two tall windows. I picked it up and saw there was like forty dollars. I picked up the phone to call in, when a loud bang suddenly filled the empty house. I jumped and put both the money and phone in my pocket and ran out into the hallway and looked at the doors. Someone was knocking, and I didn't feel like answering.