you guys need to get him out of here. I'll deal with the skeleton's." She said as she took a deep breath, almost seeming widened. Emily looked at Mrs. Pritchett, "They're here, aren't they?" She asked. "They know about Carter and Sarah, don't they?" She asked. "Are they coming for them?" Mrs. Pritchett nodded, "They are. I can try my best to keep your all hidden, but all knew this day would come, you're all too old and there's too many of you. Especially if Carter and Sarah are who we think they are." She said. "Will someone please explain to me what's going on?" I speak up, none of this is making sense, especially now that some how Mrs. Pritchett is involved. "I will, in the car." Emily said and looked to Katherine, "You and Joseph go get Sarah and take her back to Carter's. Zack and I will take Carter, come on." She says and grabs my hand and she quickly starts pulling me to the stairs, and suddenly we're ditching school. I would of objected and said we would get into to much trouble for skipping school, but right now I couldn't care less. Once we got to Zack's car I sat in the back seat with Emily and took a few deep breaths, trying to calm myself down. Once we started to drive towards my house I look at Emily, expecting an explanation. "Emily, please, what the heck is going on?" I asked. Emily took a deep breath and turned kind of towards me, "When I tell you, you have to promise not to freak out, ok?" She asked. "We've known each other for a while, and what I'm going to tell you is going to be hard to believe, but it's the truth." She said. I thought for a second, "Of course I'm going to believe you." I say honestly. There's nothing that Emily could say that would make me not believe her. I trust her with my life, and obviously she pulled through with that trust today. Emily watched me for a second, probably trying to tell if I was going to freak out or not. "We learned a lot in 8th grade about greek mythology, as well as Egyptian and so on. But it turns out that the Greek Gods, and all of those myths, are real." She said. "And you are something called a demigod. A half god, half human." She said. "Your father was a god and the Greek Gods don't do to well with keeping in touch with there children. We have powers and abilities that a lot don't have. This includes a lot of character traits. However while the gods and demigods exist so do the monsters and creatures that try to kill us." She said. I stay silent for a few moments, trying to process everything that she was saying. "How have you kept this from me for so long?" I asked. "And how do you know?" Emily watches for a moment, "Most demigods don't make it past the 6th grade. However there's a camp for them called Camp Half-Blood where they go to train and can be protected. Carter…. We think you're someone pretty important. You and your other siblings that is." She explains. "Mrs. Pritchett is a daughter of Hecate, the goddess of magic. She and her husband are demigods who have been able to make to adult hood and have actual lives. She's extremely powerful and has been practicing for a long time and children of Hecate can control something call the Mist. The Mist hides monsters and things they don't understand from mortals. She can bend the mist. So for practically your whole life Mrs. Pritchett has been hiding not just you and Sarah but myself, Zack, Katherine and Joseph." She explained. "We have had some encounters with monsters but us five together have been able to kill them." She said. I stare at her and try to process everything's she's saying. None of it makes any sense, but the way she's explaining it makes almost perfect sense. "So… why is this time any different then? Why can't we just kill the skeleton's and continue on with our lives?" I asked. Which seemed to almost upset Emily, she froze and stared at me, looking like she was having a mental argument. "I think your mother should explain some of this when you get home. But like I told you, you're someone important Carter. Luckily we kept you hidden this long, which has been near impossible. But… There are people who want to kill you Carter, and your sister. Which is why this isn't like the other times. These people won't stop until they succeed." She explained. "Zack, Joseph, Katherine and I were assigned to protect you, we've all known the truth about our parents for a while. Including Mrs. Pritchett." "Who are they?" I ask quickly, confused on why someone would want to kill me, I've never done anything to anyone, neither has my sister. "And you were all assigned to protect me? By who? The people at this… Camp Half-Blood?" I ask in confusion. Emily nods, "Look I'm sorry that all of this is happening so quickly." She said. "But everything I'm saying you need to take in and you need to accept it. Your mother will explain more when we get back to your house, ok?" She said. I nod simply, to stunned from all of this. None of it made sense. None of it. But my head was whirling, and I don't think I could take any more, at least not at the moment. All I knew was that my life was in danger, and the people I care about lives were in danger. Even if I didn't know what was going on, who was after me, or how I was going to stop it, I know that I am willing to do everything I can to protect my loved ones.