HIGHLY doubt that he could figure out Superman's greatest secret slash weakness through sheer magic of detective skills." "AAAAAAAAAAAND he does all the detective work for the Justice League. You know, the CONGLONERATE OF THE BEST OF THE BEST. He's a mere mortal on par with the gods among men." "You can't use how much you identify with a character as an argument for how they'd beat another. Fact still stands that Superman will always win in a battle against Batman." Biting back a growl, Nico bit out, "Batman also has billions of dollars to invest in the endeavor." "As if Batman would spend an entire fraction of his wealth on a single endeavor of a feat of strength. He has more sense and control over his pride for that to ever happen." Convinced of that counter point, Nico counters, "He WOULD do it as a friendly exercise of limitations with a worthy foe." Also convinced of this counter point, Will considers it. "I guess you're right-" momentarily caught off guard by Nico's smile "-But Batman would still lose." Nico's face drops. "Batman would find a way." "Well, prove it, then." "Make me." "What's in it for me?" "The schooling of a lifetime." "I don't know. You're not really making it worth my while yet." "I'm going to wreck your ass tonight." Floored "... You, uh... yeah, you win." "You admit Batman would win against Su-" Jerking Nico toward himself by the belt buckle so their hips collide, Will explained, "I'm saying-" begins unbuckling Nico's belt, glancing down at his hands then looking back into Nico's eyes, "- I'm taking you up on your offer." "Yeah, but still Ba-" "You bring that up one more time," whipping Nico's belt out of the loops and tossing it behind him, "and it's your ass getting wrecked. Now are you going to make good on your threat, or am I going to have to make good on mine?" "Oh, really." But he made good on his threat, and Will was more than ok with losing the argument, though he would stand by the belief that he didn't lose the debate. Newest Kink Will couldn't resist the way his heart beat in that special way it did for Nico. Nico would give him a cutting glance in a room full of people, and he would heat up all over, his heart thumping in his whole chest, and his fingers would tingle. In those moments, everything else in the world hazed. The words in the air buzzed gently; the lights dimmed everywhere but on the young man across the room. He could already feel Nico's skin beneath his fingertips, remembering it's cool texture. Nico was a lot of things. To Will, among many, many other things, in these moments, he was his lover. His mouth and his ears somehow engaged with the rest of the world on a level his mind and his heart no longer resided, still interacting with those around him with sufficient success. His eyes would return to a person, whomever he was speaking to before he saw Nico's look, but every part of his consciousness was focused on the object of his affection. He made no move toward Nico, and Nico made no move toward Will. This added to the exchange. Both were fully aware of each other, and both were fully aware that the other was fully aware, yet they stayed apart, pretending to be unaware. Who would cave first was always a mystery. Neither of them ever knows until the moment he cracks. The tension would build up until suddenly became too much. Whichever young man would succumb first would break off his conversation as quickly as possible and move off to an empty space, anywhere available to them. The other would follow. Few words would be exchanged; mostly acknowledgement of whoever succumbed to the draw they felt and banter about how pointless these parties was, though both knew these moments was why they came. They enjoyed the people and the music; the atmosphere was pleasant and the snacks were usually tasty. Yet, still those things faded so far away from the two young men, that they never were able to appreciate the events. They showed up often separately, mingled, began their exchange, then fucked in a guest room or closet, and usually went home together to finish up some housework that needed to be done or watch a movie they both love to hate. It was the kinkiest thing they'd ever done in their, in the scheme of life, short sexual history. They lost their virginities to each other when they were seventeen in a sweet, quick, simple, messy romp in Nico's camp bunk. They progressed in a healthy manner, and this habit they had picked up of hooking up at parties was the newest peak of sexual excitement in their lives. They didn't know if anyone knew that they did this. No one said anything to them, and they still invited them to parties. They didn't know what to label this act, but they enjoyed it regardless. Though they knew it would never lose its thrill, they sometimes wondered aloud what their next new kink would be. They tried to not force themselves to expand their sexualities. They preferred to let it develop naturally. When their newest kink presented itself, they would welcome it kindly. Until then, they were more than satisfied with their tension-filled, earth-shattering romps in strange rooms in strange places with strange people just outside the doors. Thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed my Snapshots. They were little head canons I typed out in my phone in random order. I was going to post them as separate chapters of a single story, but after I read through a bunch of them, I realized that, reorganized, they made I nice little linear story. So, with a few tweaks, I ordered them into the first couple years of the sweetness of Solangelo. Miranda