Annabeth their lives, twice over, and he wanted an answer from them. If he hadn't of been so worried, he might have mustered the strength to harbor a growing hatred against them. As it was, he could barely keep his lunch down. The next half hour felt like an eternity. No one had come and told Percy and Annabeth anything. They were left with only their thoughts while the surgeons stitched up the many layers they cut through to deliver the baby, the baby, their son, that they hadn't seen yet. To pass the time Percy hummed camp fire songs. The familiar music distracted him and kept the room from falling into a deep silence. Percy watched as a hand reached up push the sheet to the side. Annabeth let out a long breath, steeling herself. A tear escaped Percy's eye and he quickly brushed it away, no need to jump to conclusions, their son could be perfectly fine. Annabeth's hand was shaking in his, they weren't ready for this, how could anyone be ready for this? Was it possible to just go back to this morning when everything was perfect and live in that moment forever? The surgeon was waiting behind the sheet as it was removed. His face gave it away. Annabeth let out a loud sob, her chest heaving as she tried in vain to hold back her emotions. Tears started traveling down Percy's face, pooling at his chin, before they dropped into his lap. Their surgeon said, "The child wasn't breathing when we took him out. Our staff did their best, but he died very quickly. There was nothing more we could have done. I'm very sorry for your loss." The words were hollow. What good could they do now? Sorry wouldn't bring their son back and it wouldn't help stem their grief. He asked them, "Would you like to hold him? It helps some couples gain closure to see their child." Annabeth made to sit up and Percy quickly supported her from behind. He looked to her face. This was a decision he wanted her to make. She closed her eyes and leaned against his chest. Percy could feel her shaking beneath his hands. His tears continued to fall, now landing on her blonde curls. She spoke softly, "Yes. Yes I would like to see our baby." Our baby. Our baby. The words repeated themselves in Percy's mind. He realized that it would always be their baby. Percy would never get to see their son as anything other than their baby. No watching him grow up, learning to walk, to talk, to laugh. No little league, no first day of kindergarten, no braces, no high school graduation. They were robbed of all of that. What they would have instead is the pity of their friends and an empty nursery filled with baby supplies. A small bundle wrapped in white was brought in and gingerly deposited into Annabeth's waiting arms. His eyes were closed and Percy could almost convince himself he was just sleeping. His eye lashes were dark and the slope of his nose was so small Percy marveled at how he and Annabeth made it. She pushed back the blanket and they could see a thin layer of black hair on his tiny head. He was perhaps the most beautiful thing Percy had ever seen. "He would have looked just like you." Annabeth said. Percy leaned his cheek on her head and reached down to touch their son. He rested the back of his pointer finger on their baby's face and felt how soft it was. "Yeah, but I'm sure he would have had your brains." The corners of Annabeth's mouth twitched up, "Only if he was lucky enough not to get yours." She was teasing him, but it didn't have the same heart that it usually did. The fact that she was making an effort at all let Percy know that they could get through this together. Annabeth pushed the blanket down further and revealed a small set of chubby hands. Percy imagined them grabbing his own hands and the flow of tears became stronger. The next part Annabeth revealed was the tummy. The umbilical cord had been cleanly cut and Percy could tell their son would have had a belly button that pointed inwards. Annabeth's hands were shaking more than ever and he could tell she was losing her grip the longer they looked. But, despite her occasional sob, Annabeth kept pulling the blanket back. Now the entirety of their son could be seen. "Have you ever felt this much love for something so tiny Percy?" Annabeth asked. "I feel like I'm about to burst since there's nowhere for the love to go." Percy didn't say anything since he didn't feel the same way. If she was full to bursting with emotion, then he was an empty husk. There was a feeling so tangible within himself that he could have sworn a hole had appeared where the love for his son should have been. It physically hurt to look at what could have been. Annabeth wrapped their boy back in the blanket and hugged him close. She stayed like that for a minute before kissing him lightly on the forehead and handing him to Percy without another look. He followed his wife's lead and hugged their child before kissing him and handing him back to their doctor. That was the first and last time he would ever see their son. Annabeth was wheeled out of surgery and back to a regular room to stay for a few days and recover. Once the two of them were well and truly alone, Percy climbed into bed with Annabeth, his arms holding onto her abused body, the paper Aphrodite left on the table forgotten as they grieved. They didn't speak to each other and when night came, they let themselves fall to pieces knowing the other would be there to put them back together again.