stitches." Will waited on a response. The only message telling him Nico was still there was his hand on his uninjured butt cheek, resting there as if he were tired. "Nico?" "Huh?" Will looked over his shoulder and noticed how dark Nico's eyes were. Warmth filtered into his heart. Oh gosh. Was he...does he like my butt? "Nico. Are you okay?" Will asked with mirth in his voice. Nico cleared his throat and met his eyes with chagrin. "Yeah. Um, don't be ashamed about your butt. It's as nice as your abs," Nico mumbled as if it weren't intentional. "This may hurt..." With one yank, Nico pulled the shell the size of a tennis ball out of his butt. Will grunted and saw white, but it passed. "Will! It's bleeding! What do I do?" Will cursed. He need him to wrap the wound, but there was no way Nico was seeing his junk the same day he saw his bare ass. "Um. Rub some salve on it and tape a bandage on it." Nico's gulp was audible. When his hands made contact with Will's butt, he groaned. He passed it off as in pain, but really he loved the feel of his dainty fingers over him, even if it was for medical purposes. By the time it was done, Will was half hard. "Do you want to go in now?" Nico asked with distaste. Will paled. He could not go in right now. "No. Let's stay out here!" Will suggested. Nico coughed. "Okay, but...you're going to get sunburned." "Kids of Apollo only get tan, Neeks. Dad may forget about us from time to time, but he's not gonna burn us," Will scoffed. "No, I think you need sun screen." Before Will said a word, Nico's hands slathered his butt with white, and Will instantly became fully hard. When he was done, Nico laid down next to him and smirked. "I didn't know you were self conscious, but you don't have to worry. I like what I saw," he giggled. The sound was nice to Will's ears, caressing them in an angelic way. "And felt," Will winked and lied his head on his elbows. Nico grinned and for a week Will never forgot how beautiful that grin was. . . . "I don't know, Piper. I'd rather let things fall where they may," Will said, but there was temptation leaking through his voice. He now knew why they sent Piper. He thought it was because she should naturally be a love doctor, but it was really for her perfect use of charm speak. "You want to, Will. You want Nico, right? You really want him?" Her words were beautiful to him, and he found himself slowly nodding along with Piper. "Then let us help you. After tonight, you'll have everything you wanted. No more three years of abstinence." It all sounded perfect to him. There was no harm in getting a little help. Gods relied on help from heroes, so why couldn't Will rely on his fellow heroes? Nothing could go wrong. They needed a little push. "Okay," Will agreed. "But if Nico starts getting uncomfortable, you'll stop? I don't see him being a big fan of PDA." Piper nodded as they began walking back to the fire. Nico was scowling at them with confusion. "Jason knows him well. We won't do anything bad. But we're also his close friends, so he may be more okay with it than you'd think." With that, Will sat at Nico's side with a smile. "What were you talking to Piper about?" Will grinned. "Safe sex questions." Nico's cheeks heated up and he turned back to the fire. They all spent a while catching up. Percy and Annabeth were about to be seniors in college in New Rome. Jason took online classes while Piper also attended New Rome's college. They said Leo and Calypso were now Germany, visiting the world. Apparently, Calypso had trouble adjusting to the new technology, but Leo was the perfect man to envelope her into the modern world. Hazel, Frank, and Reyna were doing well, leading the Legion in a battle against a hundred Dracnae prowling the streets of San Francisco for demigods on the run. "What about you two? Anything new happening here?" Percy asked, though he didn't know why. Percy and Annabeth, despite attending college, constantly checked up on camp. Normally, it was through Chiron. They were protective about this place. Will secretly thought that once they grew up and had kids, they'd send their child to camp half blood. He'd hope they would. After all, the child would be full-blooded Greek. Nico shrugged. "I got yelled at for getting a tattoo." Will burst into laughter. He could still remember Chiron lecturing Nico about it. "And Will has been taking online premed courses." They were all gasped and muttered congratulations. He shrugged. "I mean it's just annoying. I've operated on people, for goodness sakes! But I still have to learn how to draw blood? It's ridiculous!" "Won't Chiron forge the documents? You're fully capable," Annabeth said. She knew first hand how skilled he was with medicine. He could still remember the commanding voice of Percy. His eyes practically said if he let Annabeth die, then Will would die as well. He could definitely be intimidating when he needed to be. "No," Will sighed. "He said he will for medical school, but I need to have a major and all that shit for college." Piper gaped. "I wasn't aware you curse, Will!" Nico snorted and elbowed him in the side. "Are you kidding? You should see when he gets all worked up. His face goes red and he lets every shit, fuck, and damn fly!" "Do not!" "Yes!" Nico laughed. Will huffed and shoved his shoulder. A/N: I wrote this on my phone, remember. Can I get three reviews for a part 2? THE NEXT CHAPTER WILL BE VERY SMUTTY AND ORGY-TASTIC. Let me feel the love/grossed out rants please!