'communication has faltered'?" "There is something disrupting the flow of it all. Iris messages are being blocked. Prophecies are hidden. E-mails aren't getting through. That's just the least of it." "So what you're saying is...gods can get old?" Percy questioned. Iris looked offended. "I am not old Perseus Jackson . I am simply going through significant life problems that are taking a serious toll on my physical form..." She went on an absolute rant, going off on the Olympians for her 'minor goddess' status, how she had turned her R.O.L.F. Co-op into a fully fledged celestial post-office and much more stuff that Percy didn't care about. He wanted to interrupt, and ask her why she had even sent the Iris Message in the first place, but he thought it would anger her. Coming from a guy who had angered many gods and goddesses in the past, he knew not to tempt with an immortal's anger. Annabeth, on the other hand, had no problem interrupting the rainbow goddess. "Is this why you called us here?" Annabeth retorted, obviously looking unpleased. "To bring attention to your lackluster eyes and oh so terrible immortal life. Give me a break." Percy thought Iris was going to blow. Yet she just stopped talking. She peered fiercely into Annabeth causing Percy to get uneasy. He wasn't sure if she was contemplating to turn Annabeth into a flower or fruit. Instead, she said simply said, "Oh." "Oh..?" Annabeth repeated. Iris finished the rest of her beverage in one big gulp and it vanished in a colorful shimmer of light. She took some golden drachmas and British pounds out of the cash register and laid them out on the already crowded counter. Iris made a whistling noice and out of no where a young girl, dressed in R.O.F.L. employee wear, took the drachmas and pounds and ran off. Iris then focused her attention to Percy and a furious Annabeth. "Sorry for the interruption. Let's get to business. I received a message from an anonymous source around an hour ago. I was told to specifically warn Percy of some type of monster in New York. I didn't think the girl would be with you. Nevertheless, you should probably get going if you are to defeat this monster." Percy's mind was filling with displeasure. The last thing he wanted to do 9:30 in the morning was to kill monsters, but it didn't seem like he'd have any way around it. Plus, he was still concerned with Annabeth and why she was acting so weird. Annabeth wasn't taking it so well which did not surprise Percy in the least. "Oh no no no no NO," She snapped, making a scowl at Iris. "I am not doing this again. Stopping Gaea was the last straw. The gods promised me a normal life after it was all over and they're not going to screw me over again." Iris already was already involved in a phone call with an iPhone in one hand while typing with a 20th century typewriter with the other. Percy wondered where they had magically appeared from. Iris briefly put her phone down and looked at both him and Annabeth. Go now. I'm busy. Be wary of those you meet. Message ended." And just like that the mist faded and Percy remembered they were still in the Library. He grabbed his backpack and padded his pockets for Riptide, knowing he would need it again. He got up and hurried to the entrance, hoping that this little endeavor would not squander his day. He looked back when he noticed Annabeth wasn't following him. She was still sitting at the table, in some deep thought. After walking back to her, he plead, "C'mon Owl Girl, we don't have all day." Annabeth looked at Percy like he was crazy. "So that's it, huh? You're just going to go with? Fight more monsters, like we haven't been through enough near-death experiences." "Annabeth please," Percy begged, clasping his hands together. "It'll just be one monster, that's not too much of a problem. We'll be back here in no time, and maybe I might actually study." Percy held out his hand for her to take. She hesitated for a couple of seconds then took his hand. She kissed him on his cheek then packed up her things. Despite being the complete neat freak Annabeth was, she left the table in a complete mess. On the way out Percy could hear the blaring sounds of police and ambulance sirens. Through the noise, he could also hear the muffled sounds of people screaming. "This better be quick." Percy mumbled. The peaceful state of mind he'd envisioned about 30 minutes ago was completely gone. He was only hoping that things would go swiftly and he could still have his day with Annabeth. "What do you think Iris meant by 'be wary of those you meet'?" Annabeth asked out of nowhere. It brought Percy back to those problems Annabeth was hiding from him. Somehow he knew that the conversion with Iris had worsened her fears. "I don't know," Percy answered with total honesty. "Maybe the Fates will go easy on us this time." "Doubt it." Percy knew she was right but before he could reply, Annabeth kissed him on the cheek again. Inside his body, Percy's endorphins went wild. He could feel his face reddening. "Seaweed Brain? Are you coming?" The voice of Annabeth dragged Percy back to reality. He had been dangerously stationary ever since the kiss. Typical. He nodded his head yes and caught up to her. Then they quickly hurried out the door and followed the deafening noise of the sirens, hopefully leading them to their monster. ( A/N: I think this was a pretty length chapter, I don't know if I should make them this long in the future. Sorry that there wasn't much going on, I needed to set the stage. So, tell me what you think :) Reviews aren't necessary but are very appreciated.)