with your clients and witness' names?" Travis and Mark snickered as Pollux groaned. The associate was really bad with names. He claims he got it from his father. Percy turned to the two other associates and pointed to them both respectfully. "And you must Travis Stoll and Mark Sherman, right?" "Nail on the head," agreed Mark. "What gave it away." "Lou mentioned that Travis was blonde, and I've been to his brother's store many times." Travis' eyebrows rose. "You've been to Connor's store?" Nodding, Percy accepted a flute of champagne from a waiter that passed by. "My younger brother asks me to pick up his packages when they come in. And since my schedule is much more flexible than anyone else's, I'm the one who gets subjected to Connor's antics." Travis laughed. "Definitely my brother." "Can you guys keep Percy company? I need to go to talk to Melinoe." Before anyone could agree, she took off into the crowd. Mark turned back to Percy. "So you know what we do, at least I'm assuming Lou's told you. What about you? What do you do?" Percy chuckled, rubbing the back of his neck. "Nothing as glamorous as being a lawyer. I work as a surf instruc-" "There you are," drawled a happy voice. The small group turned around and saw Nico standing there with a smile on- wait...a smile? And was he happy ? The three associates gaped as Nico di Angelo, hardass lawyer of Rick and Riordan smiled at someone. "I've been looking all over for you." Percy smiled back. "Nico! You said you would only be a minute, so I joined Lou and we ended up walking around." The man pouted when Nico rolled his eyes. Nico held his hand out in apology. "Sorry Perce." "Don't worry about it. You can just pay me back later," hummed Percy ignoring the hand and wrapping his arms around the lawyer's waist. "You've been working late all week anyways." Nico winced. "I said I was sorry. Hey, stop pouting! You know I don't like it when you pout." "But then you give me what I want," winked Percy as he leaned up and stole a kiss from Nico. "Exactly." Nico finally bothered to acknowledge his silent employees. They all had a stupid expression on their faces. He decided it was better not to ask about it. "I see you've met my associates, mio amante." "Of course! They've been very nice." Percy shot them a wink. "You should really invite them over some time, Nico." Nico was going to say no, but Percy turned back to him with puppydog eyes and dear lord the man knew how to play him like a fiddle. Not that he really put much effort in stopping it. "If that's what you want." Percy cheered. "Yes it is! I want to get to know your employees better especially after I've heard all of their theories from Lou." "Wait, what theories?" asked Nico turning a glare on his associates. Percy frowned when he saw them pale and drop their gaze away. Smacking Nico on his abs, Nico looked down at Percy and sighed when he saw his favorite green eyes narrowed at him. He knew that look. It promised couch-only privileges. When Nico rolled his eyes and nodded his head to his associates, allowing for Percy to continue with what he was saying, Percy smiled. "When Nico comes home he never wants to talk about work. And when you do it's the boring stuff." Percy looked back to the associates who no longer looked like Nico was going to murder them in cold blood. "So you three have to come over some time." And just like that, they met their boss' "wife", who wasn't a wife at all but a husband who worked in a little shack on the beach and taught children how to swim and surf. Nico wrapped an arm around Percy's waist pulling the slightly shorter man closer. "Now let's go get something to eat." "Fiiiine." Percy looked over his shoulders. "Nice sorta meeting you all!" that said, he grabbed Nico's hand and dragged him to the table that had food spread out. Travis, Mark, and Pollux watched as their boss hand fed his husband while smiling. Seeing the man smile should've been the end of the world. Fire should be falling from the sky and the ground should be breaking with people falling to their untimely demise and hellhounds should be chasing them, snapping at their heels- "Ow!" Pollux and Travis jumped at the sudden shout. Mark smacked a hand over the place he was just pinched, glaring at Lou. "What was that for?" "The three of you were thinking something weird again, weren't you?" "No!" By the look she gave them, she didn't believe them. "Whatever. Listen, you've met Percy now and you realize that Nico's just one big fluffy puppy when it comes to his 'wife'. But that's just for his 'wife'. Got it?" They were quick to nod. "Good. Have a nice evening." So maybe all those horrible things weren't happening and Nico was still their hardass boss despite the fact that he just nuzzled Percy's neck. And maybe Nico would be more of a hardass after tonight. And just maybe they would be crying when they got home after work for the next couple of months ( if they made it home). Any associate who has survived under Nico has made a name for themselves, and that was why they knew that even though Nico di Angelo was a total softy for his husband and it almost made up for his tyrant ways, he'll still be their asshole boss. A/N: So…what did you think? As many of you know, I'm not into doing multi-chapter stories if I can avoid it. But like many of my other stories, if an opportunity arises where I can write a second chapter, I will. That being said…this story has the potential. Thanks for reading! -Mischief