But I do think you now owe me at least one porn session." Will threw a pillow at me and I shut up. Okay. So maybe I liked to annoy him more, but he woke me up at three in the morning. It was his payment. I've always called him infuriating, even when he wasn't. It became a secret nickname for him. He didn't know, of course. His possibly most infuriating times were when he was drunk, however. Most of the time, one of us would stay sober and make sure the other made it back on time. As it turned out, the following weekend, we both got a little tipsy. We found ourselves in the middle of a dorm party. We both loved these things because we could get as fucked up as possible and still have a large chance of finding our way back safely to our room. Jason and Leo's dorm was where we were when we both went past our marks of sobriety. "So...you're both gay. But you don't fuck?" Leo couldn't comprehend the idea. Will slung an arm around my shoulders, making us both fall into the nearby wall. "He's a picky gay. I'm not gooood enough for him," he laughed that fucking adorable giggle. I swore I'd never heard anything like it. It was music to my ears. I snuggled my head into his chest and smirked. "Hey. I never said that. You're plenty hot enough to fuck." "You're both way to drunk to be having this conversation," Jason protested as he tried to pull the drinks from our hands. I haphazardly kicked him away. Leo laughed and pulled Jason away. "Dude. It's gonna happen sooner or later." "What's gonna happen?" Will asked in that innocent little voice. I looked up at him. His eyes were half open and he was leaning heavily on me, which wasn't a good idea because I was falling as well. With the sweatband around his forehead, he looked like a Greek god. A Greek god that I wanted with every part of my body. So when we fell again, I pulled us down to the floor and rolled until I was on top. The music vibrated through my body as everything seemed to slow down. I leaned over Will and trapped his hands above his head, grinning. Jason sighed. "That. That is going to happen." Leo kicked at my legs. "Not in here! You have a room across the hall." I didn't hear them. All I could focus on was Will's body, which was more alert than Will himself. I leaned down face to face with him and whispered. "Alright, porn star, can you handle me?" Will hummed beneath me and bucked his hips. "Yess, Neeks." Before I could do anything more, Leo lifted me up. On such unstable feet, he practically sent me falling into my dorm. Jason did the same with Will, pulling the door shut after us. I laughed and failed to pull myself off the ground. "Willl, help!" I pled. Then his face was over mine and his smile made my heart stop. Ever so carefully, he picked me up. "You're fucking adorable. Did anyone tell you that?" I said as I leaned into him so much that he fell back towards his bed. His hands wrapped firmly around my waist, one slipping down and grabbing my ass. "Yes, but I like hearing it from you more," he breathed into me. I could feel my energy rising and took a chance by slipping a hand down his pants. To my great pleasure, he was hard. I grinned devilishly. "Neeks...fuck." "No," I let go and climbed atop his bed. "Fuck me." I woke up the next morning naked on Will's chest, which was an amazing chest. My butt was sore and my stomach sticky. There was the predominant stench of sex lingering between our bodies. I shuffled off the clearly passed out boy beneath me and took a shower. Will still wasn't awake. I went to the gym and Will was up when I got back, studying as usual. I didn't say anything when I walked in. I remembered everything from last night, but I had a large feeling in the back of my head that he didn't. "Can I gush to you for a second?" He said at random, turning around with his usual bright smile. There was nothing...more to it I noticed. "I'm warning you. It's going to be really gay." I shrugged and gestured for him to continue on while I changed. "So, uh," he paused as I took my shirt off. This gave me a slight sense of pleasure. I looked at him and motioned for him to continue. "You're really distracting, you know that? Anyways, I had sex last night." I snorted. Obviously. "And it was good sex. Like... good sex. And I can't remember who I fucked! His ass was like a peach, though. You know when his ass is firm enough to smack hard and not feel bone? That was his ass." I crossed my arms over my chest and waited. "Well. I woke up here. Did you see him or anything?" I opened my mouth to come clean, but then I remembered where we stood. "I don't remember a thing from last night, Solace. You're on your own." "And this morning?" He sounded desperate. I raised an eyebrow and glanced at his hands clutching his crotch. Blushing, he straightened. I couldn't stand to directly lie to his face. Instead, I shrugged and turned my back to him as my neutral expression slipped from my lips. I wanted him, but it was better this way. Besides, cute guys were not my type. A/N: This is just a two shot. Can I get five reviews for an update? I'd love to hear what you think of this and what you think is coming up next! Request any short stories and I will definitely see if I can do them!