here trying to fumble our way around it and if I, the openly gay one, made a comment about your ass it'd be simply to diffuse the tension? You're absolutely right. I couldn't have said it better myself," Nico smirked with delight. Will's mouth was still hanging open. "You're a dick." "You are what you eat." "I worry about you sometimes." "You worry about everyone." "Yes, but with you for good reason." Nico rolled his eyes and pulled out their self-made lines. Truthfully, they kept most of the play the same, except the title. Now it was Romeo and Julian. It's ironic how easily a heterosexual relationship could be changed into a homosexual relationship. Almost as if there wasn't a big difference. Hmm. He thumbed through the pages until he found the one he wanted. "Okay. So the kiss scene. Can we practice it without Jake trying to 'beat me up'?" Will laughed and sat on the bed beside him, peering over his shoulder to view the play as well. "Trying would be the key word. But yes, I think he got it through his thick head that I don't like him." Nico rolled his eyes. "I still don't get why you agreed to date him in the first place." Will seemed to think on that for a moment as he stared at Nico, who pretended not to notice. In all honesty, it bothered Nico. Why not him? "I don't know. He asked me out when he was giving me head, so he just assumed I said yes to him. And I didn't correct him for a while..." Nico rolled onto his side, staring up at Will. "You should try standing up for yourself sometime, Solace. It does wonders." Will giggled a little nervously. "For instance, if I started making out with you instead of just kissing you during practice, would you stop me?" Will blushed furiously, but he got the indication. "No, but that's different." "How?" With a sigh, Will stood up and grabbed his lines. "Because I'd enjoy kissing you." Nico's heart fluttered against his permission. "Is that so?" Will opened his mouth to respond before looking at his feet. "Well, I mean...you have a reputation. I don't know. And I - we hardly even kissed in 9th grade - you just look like a good kisser, that's all." "Want to find out for yourself?" Nico winked. Will laughed nervously, hands playing with the hem of his shirt. "Don't worry. I'm joking. I'll keep it PG, don't want you passing out on me." "Ha. Ha." As Nico promised, he kept the kiss PG. Originally, he planned on trying for more, but he could tell that Will was a mess of nerves, worse than what he normally was. Still, he'd be perfectly happy with kissing Will, even if it was just a peck. "So what type of kiss are we going for?" Nico murmured as he looked over the lines. At this point, they'd both memorized them, but he needed to do something other than stare at the beautiful boy. "More than a peck, no tongue...open mouth though?" Will asked, voice cracking a bit at the end. Nico smirked. He was enjoying this too much. "Sounds good. I'll start." He cleared his throat, mentally preparing himself for the role of Romeo. He was a such a cheesy idiot it pained Nico to act like him; but he did. And sadly, he played it well. "O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do. They pray; grant thou, lest faith turn to despair." Nico said, eyes swimming over Will in his beauty. He stepped forward and with elegant grace spoke the words, "Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake." Nico's heart beat wildly as he stepped forward so that their breaths mixed. "Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take," he breathed as his hands tipped Will's head upward. Time seemed to move slowly. He closed his eyes and counted to two before bringing his lips to Will's. Nico wasn't sure what he was expecting, but he was surely not prepared for the electricity that shot between their lips. His body was suddenly very alert. It seemed like the air around them dropped and turned into anticipating static, like it would do before a lightning strike. He could have stayed there forever, but Will pulled away, blinking brightly up at him with a pure smile. "Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged." Nico inwardly puked. What a terribly cheesy way to end a perfect kiss? "Then have my lips the sin that they have took," Will purred quite seductively for both his character and for Will. Nico grinned excitedly. "Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged! Give me my sin again," Nico said with haste. He cupped Will's cheek and brought their lips together for a second time. It was a longer kiss. Will's hands wrapped around his neck, and Nico's hormonal body took that as a sign to further the kiss. He let his tongue slide along Will's lower lip. Instantly, Will jumped away with a flustered look on his face, hand over his heart. "S-sorry. I didn't know you were going to do that." Nico ran a hand through his hair, desperately hoping he hadn't lost all chances with him. "Instinct," he shrugged. Will chuckled a bit before rocking back on his heels. "Sorry." "No! You're fine - that was, uh, really good - er, I think," Will gushed in a way that made Nico want to kiss him again. "Want to do it again, just for the sake of practice?" A/N: Leave me your thoughts. Who liked the different characters for Nico and Will? How do you think this will end? Yay or nay? Can I get 5 reviews for the next part pleasee? As always, feel free to suggest a short story prompt for me to do, but I make no promises. Still would love to hear them!