lead enough to 'accidentally' kill the three of them. They had seconds. "Follow me." Quasimoda signed. "I'll go. They'll blame me Nico," Percy gave his once condemner and future lover a tender smile. "You keep priesting." "You must both go. They're after you both. Mikael comes with many guards!" She signed. Gestures forceful as blows. "No," Nicolas clasped Percy's hands, "I broke the rules and must pay the price for my true sin. I tried to avoid it by throwing Perceus and his people to the wolves. No more." Quasimoda wanted to scream at the righteous arguments. Now was not the time to die noble heroic deaths. Crack! The argument halted as steel met wood. The solid oak door stood no chance. With a second blow it was felled from its hinges and halberds invaded the room. Percy wrenched an ax-bladed spear from one of the guards while Nicolas threw a bed-curtain to the hearth, then onto the incoming guards. Quasimoda grabbed them both, her guardian around the waist, her gypsy over the shoulder and hauled them both to the trap-door Nicolas had helped her install so many years ago. Her secret doorway, he called it. Every fiber of muscle felt like a string straining to hold a brick. She could feel the burning of tissue parting in her arms. An ax-head bit into one shoulder, slicing a deep gash of agony so painful air touching parted tissue stung like acid. Quasimoda sagged. Percy wedged one arm through the half-open door and together, they heaved themselves and Nicolas into the rafters. Spears stabbed through the ceiling. Percy hissed as one clove into him and rolled through grime and cobwebs, leaving splatters of blood nearly invisible against the shoddy flooring. "Damn it! I just healed from the last one." Mikael wrenched an arm through the trap-door, climbing up, another hand gripping a halberd. Percy lunged with his stolen weapon, catching a chink between breastplate and throat. The sharp blade tore into vulnerable flesh and blood spilled like strength down Mikael's breasts as the guard clawed into the room. "Wait…no." The weapon caught a rafter. A tug from the weapon stopped her desperate crawl. Bloody lipse moved soundlessly and Nicolas knelt, hands automatically moving in last rites. "No time, others are coming," Percy pulled the priest to his feet. Quasimoda led the way as more guards took Mikael's place, through an odd, revolving door she'd designed. Tearing off part of her tunic, she shoved it into the turnstile. Catching onto what she was doing, the other two stabbed the broken shaft and half of Nicolas's voluptuous robes, staying the door. "It won't stop them for long," Percy warned. Already they could hear more pounding, a second charge. Quasimoda tucked her injured arm to her body and burst through the nearest door, for once grateful for her mis-shapen body. As strong and stealthy as it was ugly. They snuck through the labyrinth of Quasimoda's architecture practice. A maze of hallways. Doors of the strangest types in the strangest places. Rooms small enough for a child and others large enough to hold a trial in. At first there'd been no rhyme or reason to anything but as she aged, the budding designer had begun piecing everything together with a long-term plan in mind. With the certainty of a lifetime of exploration and building, she took them through another door into a whole room full of them. "Woah." Percy halted. Even Nicolas looked around, shocked. She'd managed to fit no less than twenty different ones within the floor, ceiling and walls while experimenting. "This one," she signed, diving for one corner of the ceiling. It opened into a stairwell consumed by darkness. A breeze cooled their cheeks. "We must be nearing the roof," Nicolas mentioned. Quasimoda nodded, though the darkness was so bad none of them could see. By feel alone she found the hinge which opened this next door. They entered another room full of light. And supplies. A bolt-hole. "What a maze you've built." Nicolas said admiringly. "The story of Daedalus inspired me." She signed back. "Story of who?" Percy was still learning sign and the stories of classical cultures. "Ancient Greece's Quasimoda." Nicolas answered absently. "You knew this would happen," he said to her. "Intuition is logic on wings." She signed. "No kidding." Percy glanced at the dried food, the currencies organized by origin. "You've got stock." Quasimoda nodded, hoping they wouldn't inquire as to how she had accumulated such supplies. "So oh Master planner. What's the plan?" "We hide here," Quasimoda signed. "They believe we flee in darkness if we have not already. We slip out during the daytime and blend into the crowds." She frowned, disguising her face would be difficult. "So shall we," Nicolas said, glancing at his robes, "All my life I've been a priest. Can I be mistaken for anyone else?" "These will help," Quasimoda tugged at the stored clothes, the sort every commoner wore. "I hadn't the time to plan further." And she had never left the city. Percy finished bandaging. "Getting us away from the city? No problem." He smirked, "I was born on a ship." "We should depart during the morning rush. We shall more likely be run over than discovered," Nicolas mused. "Better death by horse than death by fire." Percy joked. "You need not flee." Nicolas told his charge. "The church shall not blame you for my actions. My sins." Quasimoda scowled. "They don't think me enough of a person to blame. I'll miss this building more than they." It was a marvel of architecture, but there must be other such marvels out there in the wide world. "Besides, you are both my boys." Even if she could never have them in the way she wanted them. "That we are. Long as you'll have us." Percy said. A/N: Hope everyone enjoyed! The whole thing started with me listening to the song 'Hellfire' while reading a Percico story. Everything else spiraled from there.