yanked him off of Will. "Come with me." Cecil had a commanding voice, surprisingly sober. "Why?" "Yeah, why?" Will whined as much as Nico did. "Just come with me," Cecil growled with annoyance. With a sinking feeling in his stomach, Nico realized what was happening. His eyes drifted with trepidation to Lou Ellen. Her face had fallen and she was hugging herself to keep the tears back. Nico knew exactly what he'd done...and he didn't care. He wanted to go back over and sit on Will's lap. Lou had millions of guys in and out of her life. Sure she deserved a good guy, but this was Will Solace. This was the guy he had a crush on for a full year. Nico didn't have relationships in the first place. Will Solace was the one guy he could see himself fumbling around with in a relationship. Who was Lou to call dibs on him? Shouldn't he be the one to decide who he wanted? "You're making Lou cry." Cecil crossed his arms over his chest. "You know she called dibs." Nico huffed. "Yeah, but he's the one who-," "I don't care! She's crying and it needs to stop!" Nico narrowed his eyes. "Yeah? Well why don't you go make a move on her? All she wants is guy attention." Cecil's breathing sped up, and Nico knew he should have stopped pushing, but he didn't want to. "No. She doesn't." "Yes she does," Nico laughed bitterly. His eyes showed years of boiling resentment. It was all he could do not to go and slap some sense into Lou. "When has it ever been different with her? All the guys use and and leave, and when they come back? She's right there to start the process over again." Cecil stepped forward and shoved Nico back a step closer to the fire. "She's no better than you. At least she likes her body. At least she doesn't fuck guys to feel better about herself. At least she doesn't suck a dick so she feels wanted." Nico snapped. His fist came in contact with Cecil's cheekbone before he could even begin to feel the full force of anger swirling inside of him. Nico stumbled back clutching his hand. "You're a stupid asshole. If she wanted you, don't you think she'd have gone for you by now?" Nico walked away and shrugged off Will's hand as he tried to take a look at Nico's now bruised knuckles. "I'm fine." "No, you're no-," "I'm. Fine." Nico hissed, his shoulder hitting Will's side as he shoved past him, barely managing to maneuver around the fire. He made his way to the drinks without looking back at Will. He didn't want to see his fallen face. He was already pissed off enough. Nico spent the rest of the time drinking and avoiding Will. At the same time, Will seemed to be avoiding Lou. Cecil stayed by her side and struggled to keep her head up. Sometimes Nico would take a turn with Meg. She was still throwing up an hour later. It didn't make sense. Where did all her vomit come from? Other times he had to step away to piss. During his most recent peeing experience, somebody practically shoved him over the hill. "Hey! Pissing here," Nico huffed. "Woah, dude, sorry!" The voice wasn't familiar, so Nico assumed it was one of the neighbors. After Nico zipped his pants, he found the neighbor right behind him. "You good?" Nico tilted his head to the ground and walked toward the fire without meeting his gaze. Did he really just come over to watch him pee? Nico shook his head and stumbled back to the fire as he heard he sounds of he guy peeing. He was being paranoid, which was one of the factors that caused him to fall twice on his way over. The guy leaned against the back of same tailgate Nico was sitting on after that. "What's you're name?" "Nico," the words tumbled out before Nico could stop them. He, for some reason, did not want this man knowing his name. "Nico. I like it," he sighed. With envy, Nico realized the man wasn't near as drunk as Nico was. "I'm Ryan, but everyone calls me Rhino." "That's fucking stupid," Nico whistled as he burst into a fit of giggles. Rhino just continued laughing. Over across the fire, Nico spotted Lou and Will talking, Lou much more handsy than Will. Burning jealous licked across Nico's heart, hurting more than the flames igniting his face. "They're dumb." Rhino laughed like he knew something no one else did. "You seem like the most rational one here, that's damn sure." Nico fled a little smug at that. He raised his cup of whiskey and clinked it against the older man's. "You gotta be like thirty-four, right?" Rhino again grinned devilishly. "Thirty, glad you're asking, Button." His bony fingers flicked Nico's nose, and he was now thankful that he was drunk. Otherwise, he would have shoved the man down. Considering this guy was thinner than even Nico, he probably would have fallen into the fire. Rhino wasn't just skinny, though. He was tall and sickly thin, the kind of thin you only get from doing drugs every day for a few years. He had a full beard and mustache that tried and failed to hide his sunken in cheeks. His eyes and smile were too pronounced, making him seem much older than thirty-four; Nico was being nice. His entire image was alarming, and Nico tried to distance himself from him. Rhino kept moving forward. "Age is just a number, you know." Nico gaged a bit. "I'm seventeen. It's more than a number. It's a teenage pregnancy." He giggled a bit at this. "You could be my dad." Rhino enjoyed the sound of that. He slung an arm around Nico's shoulders. "You'd like that, huh?" A/N: omg what happened? Review for part two! Also, this is purely just a two-shot.