and needed you to take care of him. You thanked him by reading about the burden parents become to their children. And then, one day, he quietly died. And everything you never did came crashing down like thunder on your heart." Calypso dared to look up. Most of the guests were now openingly crying, the tears splattering on the thin material of their outfits, staining the dark colors. She could barely hold back several sobs herself. Her throat was choked up, and she wasn't sure if she could even go on under these circumstances. But Calypso swallowed her fear and pressed on. You have to do it for him; for your father. You have to make him proud. And that was all the encouragement she needed. She looked back down at the note cards after yet another brief glimpse at the crowd. "That story applies to me. I...I took things for granted, and we fought the day before the accident. The next morning, the day of the crash, I avoided him for all I was worth. When I came home, he was...well, gone. The last words I said to him were: don't ever talk to me again. "My story is a lesson that only proves you have to enjoy life to its highest measures. To live, and laugh in the moment. To love , in the moment." She glanced back at the audience, who were listening, rapt. Calypso offered them a quick smile. "I'm no philosopher, but I know enough that you can't waste the precious minutes that your life has to offer. After all, you only live once, or so everyone says." A young boy, no more than three years old, blurted out from the audience, "YOLO!" The crowd laughed, breaking attention long enough to chuckle at the young boy's statement. They quickly turned back to Calypso, though, wanting to hear more of her motivational speech. "Don't ever make the mistake I did. Nothing good is going to benefit out of it, believe me. The next time you sense a fight coming on, apologize immediately. Violence is not the solution; peace is." Calypso's gaze abruptly turned into a far-away look, as if she was distracted. "My father, Philip Nereid, was a lover, not a fighter. He would've said the same thing." She continued on. No one longer minded the sounds of the rain coming from outside, but they did listen closely to her speech. Who knew such a young girl could make a sermon so motivation, so touching, so moving, so beautiful? After what only seemed like seconds, she reached the last sentence of her index cards, and her discussion was through. As the priest told her she could go back to her seat, she was met by no applause, only dead silence. Calypso didn't take it personally; she knew they were just marveling in her words, sinking into the meaning. A few offered smiles at her, and she smiled back, glad some were taking her advice seriously. She would be the start of making the world a better place. Weeks flew by after the funeral, and soon she was back to where it all began; the field where Philip Nereid was buried. The sun, at its highest point in the sky, was beating down on her and everything else, making the air humid, and thick. The sky was clear, with no cloud in sight. The sounds of birds twittering happily was music to Calypso's ears. She walked through the graveyard, reminiscing memories about her past and her childhood in this town. She had came from Leo's gravesite, and was now looking for her special idol's: her dad's. Soon, Calypso reached the one and only grave of her truly beloved relative. She saw him among the roses; the thorny flowers of all kinds were covering his gravestone, offerings to him, and to God above. His slab was right next to her mother's. Erected onto the piece of stone were the words, Philip Nereid: Father. Colleague. Friend. Calypso smiled sadly as she touched the stone, thinking about her father was underneath the ground. This was where he lay, in his final resting place, next to his lovely wife; Calypso's mom. She sat down right there on the grass, unaware of the bugs that may have been crawling on the grass blades she was sitting on. All she cared about was the space, the gap, between her and her deceased parents. She needed to talk to them - now. Even if they were dead, and quite frankly couldn't hear her. Calypso flipped her caramel-colored hair over her shoulder and twirled it around her finger, a gesture she did when she was anxious. She started off awkwardly. "Uh, hi." But as she continued, her voice grew more confident, stronger. "It's me, Calypso, your daughter. I...I just wanted to say, Dad...I'm sorry." Her voice broke. "I really am." After a hesitant, short pause, she continued. "Well...we're moving this week. I just want to pay my last respects and see you two one more time. I most likely won't see you again, but I'll come back whenever I can. I promise." And she knew she wouldn't break that promise. Through the months that followed her father's death, Calypso had grown more mature, and more understanding, and she was no longer the immature teen who made empty promises. She was different, now; changed for the better. After all, you only lived once, and Calypso Nereid wanted to make the best of her life. Part of Calypso's speech was taken from a copy-and-paste thread, which is also on my profile if anyone wants to see it. Thank you so much for reading! Constructive criticism would be greatly appreciated, as well as any feedback or advice. I hope you enjoyed this oneshot, and in the reviews I would also appreciate it if you could tell me if Perspective has changed your outlook on life. Once again, thank you so much for reading! Signing off, - Red Roses1000