The beast heard unfortunately and turned to her now. She got a worried look before a brave one but Percy couldn't let her get hurt. He got to his feet and dashed around the monster kicking a giant ladder into it's path, "Cassie! Get out of here!" But Cassie doesn't move out the door, instead towards him and takes off her ring. Before Percy could even think what the fuck? Cassie turned the heart over and her ring transformed into a razor sharp blade glowing red. Percy made a yelp of surprise, "What the-" Another crash sounded behind them and he turned to see that the Minotaur had slammed through the ladder as if it were balsa wood. Percy tried to grab Cassie's hand and get her out of there but she just charged at the monster yelling, "Get out of here, Percy." The Minotaur ran up and swung its razor sharp claw across Cassie's back when she tried to run around it. The claws ripped through her shirt and she cried out in pain falling to her knees. Percy made a strangling noise in the back of his throat at the sight of her in pain and started running for her when the beast began to move in for the kill. The doors chose that time to burst open causing both Percy and the beast to turn to the sound. "Percy!" Mr. Brunner raced into the room on his wheelchair with Grover behind him, holding a simple ball point pen, "Use this." He threw the pen to Percy. Confused, Percy caught it and Mr. Brunner shouted, "Click it." "What!" Percy exclaimed. The beast's distraction from Cassie was lessening, the girl now lying on the floor with no strength to even move. "CLICK IT! The pen is mightier than the sword," Mr. Brunner insisted. Grover nodded in anticipation and said, "Trust him. Do it!" So what else was there for Percy to do? Click the damn pen. So Percy clicked the pen and it transformed into a large, sharp metal sword similar to Cassie's. Percy stared at the blade in disbelief. The Minotaur by now had turned back to Cassie to finish the job. Percy called out, "No!" He lunged forward and swung, the tip of the sword slicing deep across the creature's arm. It cried out, blood seeping from its wound. This successfully got it away from Cassie – who he didn't even know was still alive or not now – but it got the beast's attention on him and it began to charge for him. Percy swung again, this time slicing deep into the Minotaur's torso. It howled in pain, holding its wound. With a final growl it scaled the wall and burst out the window, sending little shards of glass to rain down behind it. Not wasting time, Percy rushed over to Cassie. She was unconscious, but alive. But Percy didn't know for how much longer. Mr. Brunner wheeled over and took out a canister tipping it over Cassie's open lips, letting the liquid into her mouth. Color came back to her skin and she moved then groaned. Percy helped her sit up and looked at her back. The shirt was still ripped but there were no more claw marks on her back. "Are you okay ?" He asked in an incredulous voice. Cassie groaned out, "Just fucking peachy." She seemed so weak and Percy let her lean on him with her arm around her shoulder, helping her stand. He turned to his teacher and Grover who just limped over. His friend seemed angry though. "What... was... that thing ?" "We have to go. It will come back for you." Mr. Brunner ignored his question and started for the door. "Coming back! But it was hurt-" "You temporarily scared it off. A Minotaur can only be killed by severing the horn from its body." Percy stopped in his tracks and Cassie removed her arm from his shoulder trying to stand on her own. Once successful she gave him a small thankful smile before Grover cut in. "What the hell were you thinking back there?" Percy was shocked at his friend and rushed to defend himself, "I don't know... I'm freaking out here... I-" But Grover interrupted angrily, "No not you, her !" He pointed accusingly at Cassie who glared back. "I was doing my job. And saving Percy. Something you're supposed to be doing, remember?" Grover looked affronted and Cassie almost looked apologetic before looking mad again. "You could've gotten yourself killed! If we hadn't come you both would've died!" Well , Percy thought, that's comforting. But Cassie wasn't having it, "At least I was there to save his skin!" "At least I'm not a fake ." For some reason that was a low blow. Cassie gasped. Even Mr. Brunner made a shocked noise of disappointment. But Grover went on, "Why don't you go back to training and leave this to the real demigods?" Then silence. Deadly silence. One could hear a pin drop. Tears began to well in Cassie's eyes and Grover looked devastated that he said what he did. Mr. Brunner was about to say something when Cassie turned away from Grover and Percy and walked silently out of the room. Even Percy was mad at Grover and he didn't even know what was going on! "Grover," Mr. Brunner rasped, "That was uncalled for and untrue. And you know what she's gone through because of people thinking that. I'm disappointed." Grover looked genuinely ashamed and Percy could tell he wanted to take back what he said. Mr. Brunner continued, "But no time for that now. Percy, you need to leave. Pack only what you need." "Can you tell me what's going on!" Percy exclaimed. Half of him wanted to fight Mr. Brunner for information and the other half wanted to run after Cassie. "No time. Grover, you too. You must lead him there." Mr. Brunner lead the two into the hallway out onto the bus.