"You're still one hundred years too early to catch me, Inspector," grinned Nico. The phone in his pocket vibrated a few times to indicate he was getting a call. Pulling the sleek phone out, his grin broadened. "Hello Beautiful." "Would you stop calling me that!" hissed his lover of three years. "But it always puts that cute blush on your face," sighed Nico pulling out his captured jewel from his other pocket. It was part of the royal jewel collection at the nearby museum. Nico, however, knew that the jewel was supposed to be with it's rightful owner. A stablehand that the King and Queen treated as their own son. It was supposed to go to him once they passed, but the heir to the throne would not have it and kept the jewel. "Nico," came the very obvious pout. Nico's eyebrow twitched picturing Percy's expression in his head that usually had his fingers twitching to grope his older lover. Unfortunately Percy was all the way in America while he was in Italy, both visiting their respective family. "Alright fine. There's no point in making you blush unless I see it anyways." Nico held the jewel up thinking about the Moonlight Thief stories he's read. "So what's up?" "Well…" Nico stopped focusing on the jewel as he heard a baby's cry in the background. "Perce...is that a baby?" "Yeah. Mom and Step-Paul decided that we should volunteer at the nearby orphanage as a family bonding moment. Weird, I know. Tyson's been treating this as a 'you're just showing me what my life could've been if I hadn't wised up' moment." Percy laughed. "He's such a drama queen." " Am not! Is that Di Angelo?" Nico laughed when he heard his friend in the background yelp followed by another baby crying. "Good lord Tyson, don't you know how to hold a baby?" sighed Percy. There was a little jostling and then Nico heard Percy baby talk to a baby whose cries began to calm down. "You're okay, aren't you? Yes you are! And look at how adorable you are! Such a cutie! I bet all the other babies wished they were as cute as you." " I can handle a baby just fine. " Nico snorted. "Yeah, as long as the baby didn't realize who was holding them." This time Percy laughed and a little baby giggle followed over the line. Nico's smile softened. Maybe now would be a good time to persuade Percy into adopting? "Anyways Nico, I just wanted to call- you're so cute, yes you are!- and make sure you were okay?" "I'm just fine, love," said Nico softly. "My last heist for this trip has ended with a success. I'll be home in a few days. And when I get there...let's talk about adopting." -Nicercy- The chime over the door rang as another customer came in. Reina nodded to one of her regular customers, a young blue-eyed dark-haired detective. He waved absent-mindedly as he zero'd in on the Mystery section. Turning back to her audience of one, Reina waited until Phoe snapped out of whatever trance she was in. " Wait, that's it?" Reina shrugged. "More or less. It's a happily ever after story." " But you just added a whole new part of the story! Just think! Nico teaching their little one how to sneak between shadows like his namesake. Or Percy teaching them how to properly pick-pocket using Nico as an example each time." Phoe clutched her hands, a slight blush on her face as she thought about the scenarios popping up in her head. "And what about the smut!?" Reina laughed as the door chime rang again catching Reina's attention. Another young man walked in who looked very similar to the first visitor, but his eyes were indigo and his hair much messier. In his arms was a little girl who giggled silently each time her father made a flower appear in his hand. Reina didn't bother to point them to the mystery section since they already knew where they were going. " Like I said Phoe, happily ever after." " Mou," pouted Phoe crossing her arms and falling back into her chair. She really wanted more! More! More! " If you're so interested in the next part of the story, I challenge you to write it," grinned Reina pulling out a piece of candy from the bowl on her counter. "And once you've written it, send it to me, or invite me over. I would be happy to read or hear it." Reina crouched down as the little girl ran over to her. " Hello sweetie," said Reina as she made some gestures with her hands. Phoe snapped out of her day dreaming recognizing the familiar River Song quote. But it was then that she realized the little girl was deaf and that the book store owner could sign. "Are you here for your candy?" The little girl nodded, smiling. Reina smiled, patting the little girl on the head and handed her three pieces. She made some gestures that Phoe couldn't translate. However, when Reina signed she spoke. " Give them to your parents," she winked. The little girl spun around and ran up to the two men who were bickering in the mystery section. Well one was doing magic tricks and the other was blushing and criticizing him. They both stopped and smiled at the little girl who handed them the candy. " They look familiar," mumbled Phoe. " I suppose they do," hummed Reina, handing Phoe her business card and guiding her to the exit. "That's for when you write the next part." Reina opened the door and walked Phoe out a few steps and as Reina was walking back in she smiled and said, "Have a nice day!" -Nicercy- A/N: And done! Phew! That was a long one! Haven't done one of these in a longggg time. I hope you liked it! Oh and Phoe...that challenge was real. *smile* -Mischief