Normally I would only send one of them on a mission but seeing how this is a very… special cause I am going to be sending all four. Even though I warn you they have never even met each other before, much less worked together. This shall be interesting." "Lady Chaos, don't you think a team that can work together would be better?" Poseidon asked. Chaos shrugged, "Their grown-ups, they will work it out. So, do you accept?" The Greek gods and goddesses all looked at each other, Zeus still looked mad but once again Athena took the high road. "Yes, thank you Lady Chaos." "Excellent!" The dark deity exclaimed clapping her hands together. "Now because of their locations they will not be able to arrive at Camp-Half Blood for two days, I hope you can handle yourselves until then." "Y-yes, but who are these people Lady Chaos?" Hermes asked. Chaos shifted her dark eyes over to the messenger god, looking amused. "You will see soon enough. They will arrive in two days. The first will come from the west, the second from the east, the third from the north and the fourth by sea. They should all be there within a few hours of each other. The first, sometimes called War, is relatively easygoing until you piss him off… so don't do that. The second, affectionately named Death, well….. just be careful, I'm slightly concerned for her sanity. The third, Famine, is probably the nicest out of all of them… but she talks softly and carries a big stick… literally. And as for the fourth, whom I call Conquest sometimes, yea I would just stay away from him entirely. I think that's it, best of luck to you all, see ya!" With that she opened a portal and left the room leaving thousands of questions and gaping mouths in her wake. Annabeth looked uneasily at her mother, "W-what do we do now?" Except Athena could only shake her head solemnly, "I wish I knew…." xxxXxxxXxxxXxxx Meanwhile in a busy city a tall man in a black leather jacket walked briskly through a parking garage. His eyes were emerald green and dirty blond hair reached the nape of his neck. He walked up to a black motorcycle and quickly turned on the engine. He pulled out of the parking garage and raced through the brightly lit city streets. "Well this should be interesting…" he said to himself. "Those campers better know what they're in for." A huge grin spread across his face as he sped on into the night. In a dark and empty dessert a black raven sored high through the night, its wings blacking out stars. Its unusual sapphire blue eyes scanned the deserted sands critically. After a few minutes it swooped down gracefully before landing on the shoulder of a beautiful woman with long black hair down her that fell past her waist and the same sapphire blue eyes. A white fedora with a black ribbon sat crookedly on her head as she sent a sideways glace at the bird. "Good hunting I presume?" she asked it. Surprisingly the bird tipped its head a bit in understanding. "Good. Well I suppose we should get going then, the area looks clear for now so we should move quickly, we need to be at that camp in two days." The girl started to move, the bird taking flight once more and flying ahead. Then they seemed to dissolve into the darkness and were gone. Snow fell softly from the sky in large flakes covering a forest in a light layer of white. In the middle of a small clearing stood a woman with long amber hair that fell down her back in small waves. She had remarkable light blue eyes that seemed like ice as she held her hands up to catch some of the falling snow flakes. Despite the snow the woman had on only a light blue sweater and white jeans with leather boots and a suspicious looking furry white scarf wrapped around her shoulders. Her pale skin looked like it had never seen sunlight and her posture made her seem nibble and quick. "The snows have arrived." She said in a musical voice, her eyes shining. "Such a shame we are going to miss it huh?" Her furry scarf sifted slightly, as if in response. The girl laughed. "So your giving me the silent treatment? Hey it's not like I want to do this, but orders are orders. I suppose we should get going then, the sooner we get there the sooner we can leave right?" The woman began walking easily through the dense forest, her eyes taking in every detail. The snow began to come down harder but she paid it now mind. She slowly disappeared into the forest, leaving behind a trail of ice in her wake. Waves crashed gently against a beautiful white sail boat as it sped through the sea, the wind giving it speed. Percy stood at the bow, taking in the ocean breeze. His sea-green eyes looked troubled as he stared ahead. He was currently lost in thought, his mind sorting through everything that had happened today. He wondered how camp had changed over the years and what had become of all the people he once knew. Will they recognize me? He asked himself, grabbing a piece of his sun-bleached hair and examining it. Percy was also really curious about the other three Chaos had mentioned. What were they like? He had heard the rumors, they sounded like something out of legend. Then again, he supposed he did too. Percy sighed deeply, "Well I guess there isn't anything to it but to do it." The sailboat suddenly picked up speed, racing through the water in a way that should have been impossible for a boat of its size. Percy closed his eyes as the wind blew back his hair. Everything was about to change, Percy just didn't know how much.