whole situation was ridiculous, a demigod pointing out a tradition that she had helped set up, but she decided to play along. "Ah, so that's how it goes, huh? Well then I wonder what to wish for…" Artemis didn't usually wish for anything when she saw shooting stars, but then she realized that tonight she did want something. 'I wish that I could spend more time with Perseus.' She thought this, and shook her head, that made it seem like she had a crush on him. He was just her first guy friend ever, and a rather close one at that. She asked him, "I've made my wish, have you yet?" He looked at her and chuckled, which made her smile back to him, before he looked to the stars again and after a moment, replied, "Yeah, I made my wish" Artemis had enjoyed her time here, and was thinking along those lines when he sighed and said, "Ugh, it was really fun today, seeing your huntresses prank everyone like they did, but I wish that there hadn't been the constant reminder that I have no lever in my life. Me, the one who has helped save Olympus from destruction twice, doesn't have a girlfriend." Artemis watched as he sighed again, and felt bad for him. Here was the one who saved everyone, possibly the whole world, and he wasn't sure of his own love life. Artemis wasn't an expert in this area, but decided that as his friend, she needed to assure him in some way. She put a hand on his shoulder and waited for him to look at her before saying what was on her mind. "Perseus, I think that you are a wonderful person for anybody to have as a friend. I'm glad I can call you such. If there is no love interest in your life at the moment, then I am sure that the right person is out there somewhere. Maybe they don't know you yet, and maybe they do. Maybe they don't know that they love you yet, but I am sure that eventually you will find a happy life with one person." Perseus's mouth slowly morphed into a smile, and said, "Thank you so much Artemis, I am also glad that I can call you my friend," but then his smile turned into a frown. "But seriously, can you stop calling me Perseus, it makes me feel old, and I am only 18 years old." Artemis retorted, "But that's your name, if you want I can call you Kelp Head like Thalia does." They both looked at each other conspicuously for a moment, before each of them burst out laughing. "Wow, Artemis, I never knew that you knew how to joke around." Artemis stopped laughing and looked at the black haired adult and said, "Well, I never thought that I would have a male friend, but you seem to have a knack for defying the odds, so I guess it's not unreasonable that you brought out the fun in me." He looked down again and said, "I just wish that camp wasn't so hard, seeing everyone happy with their dates and such." Artemis once more looked him straight in the eyes and said, "Perseu- Kelp Head (With a wry smile on her face), you don't have to feel so bad, Valentine's Day was only today, you don't have to worry anymore, after all, there is always tomorrow." Perseus looked at her and chuckled under his breath, and said, "Thanks once more," and with a wry smile on his face, he continued, "Arty. But unfortunately, I am exhausted from helping everyone out earlier, so I'm going to hit the sack." Artemis watched him walk away and smiled, maybe it would turn out all right for the hero of Olympus. 3rd person, focused on Percy Percy walked down through the campfire area, noticing just now that it was really late. There were only a couple people left at the aftermath of the party. He walked to his cabin, where he saw some wires surrounding it. They were really well hidden, but his ADHD helped him notice the out of place wiring that looked like they were hastily placed. He went inside and inspected everywhere, and after seeing no signs of any trouble, he went into the bathroom and picked up his toothbrush. As he lifted it to his mouth, he heard a snicker coming from the window as suddenly his mouth was filled with lightning. After sputtering out obscenities, he cursed Thalia out loud and went to bed. 'Maybe Artemis was right, and things would start looking up for him. After all, there was always tomorrow…" and Percy drifted off to sleep, unaware that he was both wrong and right at the same time. Holy crap, I don't think that I have ever written any longer fanfiction chapters than this one haha. I just felt inspiration to write this. Without the author's note, this story has a total of 3748 words. Pretty impressed with myself, I must say. Anyways, tell me what you think of the story so far. I approve both constructive criticism and compliments, and flames too, but please don't do the last. Help me write better by telling me what I did wrong while writing. I was on vacation in New Jersey for half of writing this, and might have not put a lot of dialogue in it. Anyways, peace out, and this is Remvis signing off for the day. Update: After reading the last book in the second series, I decided to change Nico's crush from Thalia to Reyna, due to the connection that they made while shadow travelling with the statue. I just see it working out well between them. And before the Solangelo shippers get mad at me, well, Rick barely gave Will and Nico any connection to each other and he gave Reyna and him understand each other and get close. Anyways, have a fun read. ~Remvis