fast as she could, with Grover and one of his charges in the back seat. "That's his mother, the mother of the boy who came yesterday," Annabeth asked the satyr. He looked down at the reminder. The Martyr An automaton stood still as a Stygian Iron blade touched the spot on his chest just above his heart. He collapsed, and at the same time the layout of an underground maze was shown. And they watched, as it crumbled to nothing, The Victim There was a 4 foot tall teen on top of one of the towers of Washington Bridge. The part of the bridge he was on crumbled, and his head hit the asphalt, before he fell down into the river, unconscious. While watching what was going to happen to his son, who hadn't yet reached Camp Half Blood, Apollo choked on air. This is War Poseidon pointed his trident behind, and without looking, shot a Leviathan that subsequently changed into a million goldfish. It's the moment of Truth, And the moment to Lie, And the moment to Live, And the moment to Die, The moment to Fight, The moment to Fight, To Fight, To Fight, To Fight Everything went too fast to be understood. To the Right, To the Left An older looking Annabeth and the green eyed boy stood back to back, surrounded by monsters from all sides, killing them, left and right. We will fight to the death Zoe appeared, lying in a pool of blood, speaking to a boy with Artemis on the other side of her. "You spoke the truth. You are nothing like...like Hercules. I am honored that you carry this sword." The hunters and Artemis looked at the wide-eyed hunter incredulously, with Phoebe doing a spit take. To the Edge of the Earth A celestial bronze ship flying across the Mediterranean appeared and engraved on the starboard side was ' Argo II .' Cabin 9 practically gawked at it, while Cabin 6 admired the architecture. Hephaestus smiled grimly, knowing that one of his children was going to create this masterpiece, and knowing what hardships he'd have to face. It's a brave new world, From the Last to the First , To the Right, to the Left, We will Fight To the Death, To the Edge of the Earth, It's a brave new world a brave new world, A warning to the Prophet, The scenery rushed by too quick for anything to be understood. A frustrated Annabeth yelled, "What is going on?!" The Liar, The Honest Luke appeared, followed by Percy. The campers and gods thought nothing of this, as Luke was a son of Hermes, and therefore a liar. But it did raise some questions as to why he was displayed, and not another son of Hermes. This is War To the Leader, The Pariah, A boy, about 14, wearing an aviator's leather jacket and looking suspiciously like Nico, walked into a shadow and slowly dissipated. 'He learned how to shadow travel.' Hades allowed some pride to enter his eyes The Victor 12 year old Percy striked his enemy in the ankle. When the man bellowed so loudly that the ground quaked, they saw his face, and were pleasantly surprised to see a wounded god of war falling to his knees. "Are you kidding me!" Ares' face reddened as his nostrils flared, "I lose to no one!" "Says the man that was trapped in a bronze jar by the Aloadae Giants for 13 months, and was literally reduced to begging." "I made you all swear to never speak of that incident." "I can't tell a lie," Apollo smirked at the thoroughly humiliated war god. Poseidon genuinely smiled, 'Good job son, I'm so proud of you.' The Messiah Chiron, liberator of demigods and Grover, savior of 6 demigods appeared. The younger version of the chosen one of Pan thought, 'Why on Gaea's green Earth would I be deemed a messiah?" This is War The screen went dark again, leaving everybody more confused than before. After letting everyone digest the details, she called out "Play." Most of the video was fast and almost none of it had dialogue to keep them guessing, although she made sure to include Percy as much as she could, so they could gather that he could possibly be important. She didn't want anyone (Athena) to figure out the entire series before the good part started. Responding to her voice, the video started loading. Rendering 16% Rendering 23% Rendering 47% Rendering 78% Rendering 98,99,100% The sight of a thunderstorm shed light to the still dark image. The Empire State Building appeared directly under the storm. A statue of Poseidon, which was made of marble besides the prongs of the trident rose out of the water. A young boy holding a metre long sword and a CHB shirt stood on the head of the statue, his back to the audience. Lightning striked the prongs and the image froze. A Spartan helmet rolled onscreen, with an intersecting pen and sword behind it. A deep voice started talking, and the title was written elegantly as he spoke. "Percy Jackson and the Olympians: The Lightning Thief," thunder sounding at the word lightning. "That's my latest charge! The one in the infirmary!" Grover exclaimed, surprised at the very least, while everybody started whispering about the demigod upstart. Everyone but Zeus, who was trying to keep his eye from twitching. "Play," the queen spoke. A pre-adolescent voice started narrating what was to become of them, and they listened intently as their future was revealed to them. (This was supposed to be longer, but it was literally taking me forever to finish. Much of the problem is I like to be detailed, and the chapter looks too easily surpass 10k words, so I shortened it, because at this rate, I would've never finished the first chapter. 2Nd chapter still being written and edited. I apologize that this chapter was rather anti-climatic. Follow, Favorite, and Review, Red Baron15 out.)