were quick to notice the line that connected her and the young Demigod. The next year came and went; Thalia learned how to maintain order in the Hunt fairly easily, and Artemis stressed about the great Prophecy. It basically boiled down to Percy deciding whether or not Olympus would fall. The quest for the Labyrinth happened, and Artemis was distraught when she heard that Percy had gotten exploded in Mount Tam, loosening the bonds on Typhon enough for him to begin his escape. News quickly spread, and Artemis would have been completely devastated were it not for the Red String of Fate that still clung to her finger like its life depended on it. Artemis sent as much energy as should could spare through the String, and within a few days she was ecstatic to find that Percy had returned to the land of the living. Very soon, it was the fight for the Gods reached a peak when they had to face Typhon and slow its rampage towards Mount Olympus. Meanwhile, Percy was in charge of defending New York and Olympus from Kronos's army of monsters and demigods. It came to an end when Luke regained control of himself long enough for him to kill himself, ending Kronos's short reign of terror as well. A party like none ever before was in order, as was the congratulations for the demigods. Annabeth was given the right to redesign Olympus, and then Poseidon took a stand. "Is there any among you who would deem my son unworthy?" He called out to the rest of them. Artemis perked up at this. Poseidon was asking if anybody dared deny his son the right of Godhood. This is where Percy would attain Godhood and eventually… Artemis couldn't prevent herself from feeling shock and slight helplessness as Percy declined the offer of Godhood, in exchange for the Gods to recognize their children sooner, letting them know that this war could've been avoided if the Gods would just pay attention to their children, as well as the freedom of any nonaligned titans such as Calypso. Artemis' heart swelled. This demigod gave up the offer of Godhood for the benefit of other people, some of which he had no reason to be kind towards. He did it simply because he was given the opportunity to. She was almost certainly smitten. And then almost immediately Percy was dragged into the Giant war. Hera took him away from Camp Half Blood and sent him off to get trained by Lupa. Artemis was in a consistent state of shifting in between her two forms. Diana seemed ecstatic at Percy Jackson being their soul mate, and after a little bit of conflict, the two personalities were able to come together over their mutual respect and appreciation for the young demigod. Perseus went on a quest to Alaska, where he retrieved the eagle staff thing that the fifth cohort had lost. Honestly, the thing wasn't important to Artemis, but Percy giving Frank the honor of bringing it back was what got her in shape. Then Artemis and the other Gods were forbidden from interacting with the demigods, which Artemis thought was stupid, given that they have to work together in order to kill the Giants, but she didn't voice her thoughts on the matter. Artemis followed the Demigods trip, and then turned her attention elsewhere for a second, and when she turned back to them, she found out that Percy and Annabeth had fallen into Tartarus. That damned demigod! By now it was pretty clear to all of the Gods that Percy's fatal flaw was his loyalty. He practically jumped in after Annabeth in order to make sure that she wouldn't die (at least not alone). Artemis was going stir crazy from the anticipation. If anybody could make it through the hell worse than hell, it would be Perseus Jackson. Her hopes came true when Percy dragged himself out of the Doors of Death with Annabeth. They had made it through! She was happy to know that he was now relatively safe. Their group eventually made it to Delphi, but Percy wasn't in the group of demigods that visited her and her brother. She was a little let down, but she didn't let it show as Apollo helped the demigods out while she talked with a few of the others. She could only sit back and watch from here as the group retrieve the cure to revive people, and then Gaea's rising, Zeus transporting the demigods back to camp and the final battle where the Valdez boy sacrificed himself to defeat Gaea. It all happened so fast that Artemis didn't have time to worry about the events until it was all over. It was now time to rebuild, and then they would gift the heroes of the quest. And Artemis hoped to everything she knew that Percy would accept Godhood this time around, else who knows how Zeus would react. Hello everyone. It's a me, Remvis! Wow, it's almost like I'm writing a story that isn't A Year in A Day (which is also a Pertemis story by me in the works, check it out). Anyways, this was based on a Soul Mate AU I read about the Red String of Fate and people who could see it. I was filled with inspiration and just started writing. Took me like 3 hours into the middle of the night before I finally got here, but here I am with more than 3600 words of story. It's mainly just supposed to be Artemis' takes on the events, minus Percabeth because in this AU they are only ever friends and Aphrodite doesn't mess with that stuff. Anyways, leave a review if you liked it, this is going to have at least one more chapter to it, but not a lot more than that unless it gets like 70 reviews after the next one. Anyways, thank you all for reading, and have a nice day! ~Remvis,