the reason my avatar looked like me. You could design your avatar to look any way you want, as long as it was within the laws of nature. Let's say you were this really plain kid, not overly fat or muscular with an average skin tone, brown hair and brown eyes. Well, your avatar could be gorgeously tanned and ripped with bleach blonde or raven black hair. The only feature you were required to keep was your eye color. People have always found it strange that I choose to be a thin, not very muscular kid with untameable black hair and skin that rarely sees the sun, but I've never wanted to change my avatar. I guess it's just the vain hope I'll see my dad in the virtual reality hub and that he'll recognize me. I know it's stupid, but I do it anyway. My mom always says that she wished he could see me, that he'd be proud of me, but I've never understood why. Why would he be proud of a stupid, D+ report card kid like me, who just managed to get kicked out of their sixth school. How old was I? I wonder, when he left? She watched the flames, "He was only with me for one summer, Percy. Right here at this beach. This cabin." I jolted a little, not realizing I'd spoken out loud. "But… He knew me as a baby." "No, honey. He knew I was expecting a baby, but he never saw you. He had to leave before you were born." That angered me. I'd always assumed he at least waited until I was born, but her didn't even have the courage to stick around that long. Why would he abandon my mother like that, who was carrying me, his unborn child? I tried to harness the anger, keep it. I always wanted to be angry at him, but I can never seem to stay mad at my father. If my mom loved him, he must have been a good man. "Look, Percy," she said, as if sensing my thoughts, "It's been a long night. Why don't we go to bed?" "Alright," I nodded, and we started cleaning up. We worked in a companionable silence with a practiced precision, and didn't speak again until she was tucking me in at night. "Love you, Percy," she said as she drew up the sheets, then she commented quietly as she exited the door, "I'm going to UnTangle, but you have twenty more minutes, which is about four hours, before you have to get off." -()-()-()-()-()-()-()-()- I had a vision that night. I saw the beach I was on what felt like only an hour or so earlier, but the night was wild and storming. On the beach were two animals, a golden eagle and a white stallion, attempting on the edge of the surf to kill the other. Using its huge talons, the eagle swooped down and slashed ferociously at the horse's muzzle. Rearing up onto its back legs, the horse kicked at the eagle's wings. As the two creatures fought each other, the ground rumbled and shook as a cold voice from beneath the earth chuckled and urged the animals onwards. I wanted to stop them, and I tried to run towards them. they couldn't kill each other. Unfortunately, I was running in slow motion, and I could already tell I wouldn't be able to stop them from delivering the eagle dove through the sky, aiming its beak at the horse's wide eyes. No! I tried to say. Something woke me up. It was storming outside, just like in my dream. The storm was strong enough that it could blow down houses and crack trees. The horse and the eagle weren't on the beach anymore, and the lightning was so bright it gave the illusion of daylight. Twenty foot waves were pounding the dunes. The computerized version of my mother woke up with the next thunderclap and looked around the room with wide eyes, "Hurricane." That was insane, as I knew for a fact that Long Island never, ever, sees hurricanes this early on in the summer. Unfortunately for me, the ocean seems to have forgotten that fact. At first I confused the sound with thunder, or maybe the wind, but after I moment I realized what I was hearing. A bellow, far off in the distance, sounding angry and tortured. My hair stood on end. Then, I heard a much closer noise, like someone was throwing hammers in the sand. Someone was yelling desperately and pounding on the cabin door now. My 'mother' jumped out of her bed, and, still in her nightgown, shoved the lock open and answered the door. Grover stood framed in the doorway, everything behind him pouring wet. "Searching all night," he gasped, "What were you thinking? We agreed to meet immediately!" My mother looked at me in terror. I could tell she was scared less of Grover, and more of the fact that he was here. "It's right behind me!" He yelled. The thing roared again, and my mom grabbed her purse while she threw my rain jacket at me, "Get to the car. Both of you. Go !" Grover trotted to the Camaro we'd borrowed from Smelly Gabe, shaking his shaggy hindquarters. Of course my friend chose to be a satyr. Okay, so I'm marking this complete because I may or may not continue this story. It's an idea that's been in my head awhile now, and I wanted to see what the feedback would be. If I get really strong feedback, this will be continued and take precedence over my other story, Senile. Be warned, though, chapters probably will be only once a week, as this has a more long term plot line and goal. Uh, yeah. I think that's it. I hope you guys enjoyed and aren't mad at me for pushing off working on Senile because I wanted to write this. -ROC6