be. Sometimes, shadow travel didn't work well. "Nico!?" A voice shouted in disbelief. He knew that voice, and a smile threatened to spread upon his face. Of course, he pushed it back. "What the hell? I told you no more underworld-y stuff!" Nico rolled onto his back, the backpack pressing into his body unnaturally. He began to get to his feet but soon found the world turning sideways. Two hands grabbed him before he fell again. With a lazy half smile, he looked up at Will. "You can't trust a son of Hades." Will huffed. "I think you just like me taking care of you." Nico rolled his eyes. "In your dreams, Solace." He managed to stand on his own for a moment and caught a hint of red staining Will's cheeks. "You're lucky I don't throw you headfirst into the ocean, Death Boy. What happened to calling me every day? I going so crazy I even went to the store for my mom. You know what happens at stores? Ask Percy Jackson. At stores, monsters try to sell you food and kill you afterward. Took five damn drachma!" Nico looked at him suspiciously, and then he couldn't help the bark of laughter that escaped his lips. When Will saw the smile plastered to his face, he cracked one of relief, too. Shaking his head, Will grabbed the swaying boy by the shoulders and shoved him towards the house. "Mom will be happy. She always makes too much food. I used to bring Lee Fletcher or Michael Yew, but…" Nico decided not to shake off hands. He nodded. "She'll be rather disappointed then." Will grinned. "Nah. She's kind of amazed by your skills." He stopped and looked at Nico with a deadly glare. "Which you won't be showing her." Nico held up his hands in surrender and nodded. In truth, his heart jumped a mile on its own without shadow travel. Will saw him important enough to tell his mother about him. He had never meant that much to anybody in his entire life. Will didn't lie back in the battle with Gaea. Nico had let in many new friends. It was all up to him, but Will? Will was more than a friend who would pass by and say hi. He was the friend who would pass by, turn around, and start up a conversation with Nico no matter what his other plans were. "Does she know about everything?" Will nodded. "I'm guessing Apollo thought he had enough charm to get her the mortal way." He grinned. "Passed that on to me, too." Nico scoffed and shoved his shoulder. "How did she find out?" "When I was about ten, we were attacked by a Cyclops. Stupid Donut Connection. We had no idea." He sighed as they neared the door. "But we had been coming home from an archery competition. Don't laugh." Nico managed to stifle the laugh that had been building. "So I shot him in his feet with enough arrows to stall him. Mom was injured badly, though. She drove us out of there and passed out, almost killed us. My doctoring skills kicked in and I saved her. It wasn't long after that when a satyr found me." His story was one of the happier ones from camp. Nico was relieved to hear that. A ten year old taking down a Cyclops. Wow, Solace, maybe you're more than a distraction." Will grinned cheekily and shoved open the door. "Only because I'm so handsome, right?" The boys entered the house laughing. Naomi sighed in relief as Will stepped through the door. "I thought it was another monster! Thank the gods you're safe." She encased him in a hug that squished his face up. Nico was surprised by the lack of resemblance between Will and his mom. Naomi was beautiful, but she had dark brown hair and a tiny frame. Will's jawline was too pronounced to resemble Naomi's heart shaped face. They had the same eyes, though, bright, lit-up blue. "Mom, stopppp," Will chided, and she released him. Naomi's gaze settled on Nico. "Mom, this is -," "Nico!" Naomi gushed with a bright smile. Nico had personally met Apollo when he was in his teenage form. Considering Naomi was incredibly young, Nico could only assume she'd had Will as a teenager and fallen in love with Apollo's teenage form. It made sense because Will's brilliant smile was as glowing as Apollo's but a perfect mixture of Naomi's gentleness. It was an exact blend between the two. She stopped herself from hugging him, as if Will had mentioned his dislike for touch. Funny, considering he never obey that rule himself. "You're just as handsome as Will described!" She again looked like she wanted to touch Nico's face, run a hand down his cheek or something. "Mom," Will coughed. "Food? He's going to pass out any second now." "Maybe from your nagging," Nico muttered. Will just laughed and slung an arm around his shoulders, directing him to a chair. "It was only the first time since the summer I shadow traveled." Will shook his head, making blond hair fall in front of his eyes that he didn't notice. "You still need rest. The only reason you're still awake now is because you've just missed me so much." Nico was about to give him a rude retort back, but Naomi came in with food. Despite having nausea from the traveling, he knew Will would turn all angry-doctor on him if he didn't eat. It was good food, but he could barely taste it. "Seriously, how are you still awake?" Will asked, but his voice was drifting. "I'm…not," Nico muttered as his muscles went slack. His eyes fluttered shut, and then he was out. A/N: This is a short story. It might be around three chapters. I'm not sure. I'd love to see five reviews/favorites/follows before I update. Tell me what you think of this so far? The best is yet to come!