staggered into the sun's blinding rays. Enlightenment hurt. He looked around the normal world exactly as the Pevensie siblings must have felt when they'd staggered out of the wardrobe at the end. "This isn't real," he whispered in a small voice. "This is only the beginning," Grover said gently. An hour later Paul was sitting on Sally's normal, discount-price blue sofa with an ocean-pattern blanket thrown around his shoulders. In his hands a cup of coffee. No frills or strange new flavors. Just a normal cup of caffeinated joy. Unchanged. If he closed his eyes, he could almost believe none of it happened. "Stupid piece of—barely lasted against that Hydra. –My spear!" The speech was punctuated by what had to be considerably less polite ancient Greek. Paul clutched the white mug like a life-preserver. Percy had directed most of the wounded to camp but between new demigods, imprisoned enemy demigods, friendly demigods and friendly not-demigods their infirmary was overflowing. Nico had teleported a dozen others to the Jackson apartment before slumping against a plush chair, too tired to haul himself into it. Paul sipped his coffee. Both Percy's and Sally's beds had been converted to infirmary, along with the floor space in the living room, most of the kitchen, the tub in the bathroom and the lazy boy chair he liked to grade essays in. A pile of bloodied, dented armor buried their television set. Sally eyed it like a trash-bag Percy had forgotten to take out. Ignoring the pink, barely-healed wounds on his torso, Percy pulled out a remarkably intact shield, rag in one hand and began explaining the new normal. Paul gulped down his coffee. "All the ancient Greek myths are true, the gods, the monsters. Us demigods." The first time he had heard about Percy's delinquent behavior Paul had dreaded living with the type of teen who sneered at teachers, bullied other students, trashed property and cared nothing for their grades. "Demigods and monsters have fought for centuries. It's this cycle of attack, fight, stab, they return to Tartarus, we die and the next generation gets to have fun." Percy's light tone died. "But now, Kronos is rising." What was so horrible about delinquency again? "He's waging war on the gods and everyone who doesn't side with him. Luke is his general." "More than a general," Annabeth warned from Percy's other side. What Paul wouldn't have given for a Percy Jackson who flunked classes for petty reasons. Whose worst problems were overcoming drug addiction or an infected piercing. "We hoped to talk to you first," Sally said pleadingly. "To gently explain this whole other world most people have consigned to myth and legend." "Yeah, nice, quiet talk about the war and impending apocalypse, but it's hard working that in a dinner conversation." More seriously Percy added, "You're taking this rather well?" "I'm not," Paul admitted. Half the information didn't register. War. Titans. Gods. Demigods. Words slid into one ear, his over-stretched brain spat them out the other. His mind was as attentive as a Friday-afternoon student on school's last day. A childish part of him wanted to crawl beneath a bunch of blankets and scream, "You lied about the monsters! They are too real!" Tears burned in his eyes. "I shouldn't be…" Paul wiped his face. "Your friends? Is everyone alright?" Kids. Kids in a war. Nico was twelve at most. Percy had been lethally wounded, healed only by his supernatural powers and he couldn't imagine how Sally had dealt with this for years. What right did he have to cry? "Did anyone…die?" More weight settled on Percy's bowed shoulders. "Yes," he whispered. "I'm sorry," Paul said. Never had the words felt so useless. Percy was a war-veteran. The lives of everyone in his camp (and, if this craziness was true, a good chunk of the world) depended on his decisions. What could Paul say? A clank startled the three of them. Paul had dropped the mug on the floor. Brown liquid sprayed everywhere only to freeze in mid-air and gather up into a blob. Sally nonchalantly took the fallen cup and carefully stepped over wounded demigods into the kitchen where she grabbed a fresh mug for Percy to put the floating coffee back in. Paul gripped the new handle. Around him demigods lay injured or healed the injured. A sunny-haired boy was checking over Nico's arrow-wound while the son of Hades grumbled about a splinter. Sally sat on one side of him, holding his hand with a gentle smile; Percy, on the other side, set the shield down and cleaned a breast-plate. "Will the spell wear off?" Paul finally asked. Mother and son shrugged in unison. "I don't know much about magic," Percy said, "Spells can either be cured, go away in a few days or last forever." He grimaced, "We don't have many magic experts at camp either. Hecate sided with Kronos." The magic goddess. At least he had taught sections on classical culture and mythology so he didn't have to play Watson with every little thing. "But if you want to get the spell off I'm certain Annabeth could come up with something." Paul fiddled with the white mug for a moment before resting it on the coffee table. "I think," he said slowly, "If there is a monster in the room, I'd like to see it." Sally smirked and it looked a little like Percy's trouble-making smirk, "That's one way to put it." Paul pushed the cup aside and clasped her hands, "And I don't want to be blind to who you really are. I don't want to leave your incredible family." Sally smiled brightly and pressed her lips against his cheek like a schoolgirl; Percy flushed like the teen he was. "So, this all started because you are a son of Poseidon?" Percy chuckled, old and weary. "Yeah, because Poseidon. Sum of my life." A/N: Thank you everyone for reading, hope you enjoyed Paul's revelation and have a wonderful holiday weekend :D