custody, working odd jobs with her sister for four years until Reyna could leave for college. "Then, Hylla moved to Seattle, said she wanted a fresh start in a new city. Reyna was heartbroken, but there was some movement up there her sister had always dreamt of joining, and Reyna was never one to hold someone else back," there was a melancholy smile coloring Jason's face a paler tone than usual, making the young man seem older than he was as he described the girl he used to love, and probably still did, "To understand what happened, you need to know exactly what was happening. "Hylla was always an outspoken person. She had opinions on everything and anything, and she made sure you knew it. The movement she joined in Seattle was a group of women who called themselves the Amazons. They were feminists, though a little more extreme than that if we're being honest, and their most recent project was LGBT rights. Of course, Hylla being Hylla, she made her opinions well known, and, being the effective speaker she is, quickly rose through the ranks of the organization. "I can't tell you the exact details, there are some Reyna never told me. But, well, I know there was rally. Some kind of protest in the streets. Hylla had climbed on a box or something, and was addressing the crowd." Jason shook his head, eyes downcast as he took a long swig of coffee, "Someone from the crowd shot her. There was a lot of internal bleeding, and Hylla passed out immediately, cracking her skull on the street as she landed. She never woke up, and has been in a coma ever since. Reyna, well, their family doesn't have any money to their name. She had to drop out of college and get a job. Left her scholarship with a semester to go, she was scheduled for early graduation. Health insurance only covers so much, and if Hylla doesn't wake up, Reyna won't be able to let her go. If the hospital declares her brain dead, I have no idea what's going to happen." "You have to understand," Jason started talking quickly, desperately, his blue eyes wide and unsettling, "We'd planned our lives out. She didn't want to get married until twenty-five. We were going to buy a house right on the beach someday, go on a honeymoon to Rome. She didn't want any kids, just greyhounds, but I got her to agree to two. We were going into politics, both of us. She wanted to be the President, though I was content as long as I'd be doing something good for someone. We were going to have this villa built, designed by my friend's girlfriend, and we were going to host our friends for Christmas every year. We'd go on a trip annually, and visit places she'd always wanted to see. Niagara Falls, the New Years Ball Drop, La Tomatina . We'd planned everything . "Then it was just… Gone." The blond stopped talking. Took a deep breath. Collected his thoughts. Piper didn't push him, just sipped her coffee thoughtfully, her waffles long gone. Slowly, Jason opened his eyes. Let a breath slowly out through his teeth. He ran a hand through his hair, head bowed and looking up at her, "Sorry. I didn't mean to weigh you down with all my emotional baggage. It's just…" Waving her hands at him, Piper took a sip of her now cool coffee, "Trust me, it's fine. If I was as drunk last night as you said I was, there's probably not a thing in the world you don't know about me." He gave her a small smirk, "You're right, you're a real mess." "Hey," she swatted him playfully, "At least I didn't just spill my guts to an absolute stranger." "But you're not," Jason quirked an eyebrow at her, and Piper thanked her Cherokee heritage for giving her a dark enough skin tone to hide her blush, and oh God, why is she acting like a schoolgirl, she never acts like a schoolgirl- "I even know about that time when you were six and you threw up pink because you had just learned what a germ was and thought eating soap would keep you safe." Now Piper was really thankful for her coppery skin as she felt her blood rush to her face, and she was just realizing how close her face was to Jason's, and how moving even a fraction of an inch would close the space between them, which she'd actually quite enjoy, an she was contemplating doing just that, maybe framing it as an accident when suddenly her phone went off. The air around her felt colder, somehow, and the electric energy flowing between them dissipated into the air. "You should probably answer that," Jason supplied helpfully, and Piper sighed. Her eyes widened, suddenly, when she saw the alarm that was going off, "Crap-I have to go." She dropped her phone on the counter for a moment, clearly displaying the alarm titled "Idiot, If You Aren't Ready To Leave the House in Five Minutes You're So Dead", and rummaged through her pockets. Satisfied, she grabbed her phone, apologizing profusely to a startled Jason. "I'm so, so sorry, I forgot my father has a premier today and I told him I'd come," Piper leapt to her feet, only to grab the wall, swaying slightly as the throbbing in her head returned tenfold, and she muttered, "Bad, bad idea." Casually, she grabbed Jason's arm, as if to steady herself, and whipped a pen out of one of her pockets, hastily scrawling her cell number on his wrist. "Thanks," she commented quickly, before stumbling in a rush out the door of the apartment, leaving Jason bewilderedly staring at the door, which had slammed behind her. A moment later, the door opened again, and she leaned around the frame, brown hair falling over her abashed gaze, "Actually, can I have a ride?"