it took right?" "H-he d-did?" I asked shyly. "Yeah he did! Love at first sight is a beautiful thing you know." the young man said excitedly and as if he were speaking to a child. I swear if anyone ever threatens or beats up Perseus… As if he knew what I was thinking, the young looking man shivered violently, causing me to smile widely. We turned back to the screen and watched as the boy with unruly black hair and sea-green eyes tossed the other boy his apple. Said boy caught the apple and happily began to eat it. Not moving my eyes off of the screen, I said, "You said you wanted to know two things. Well, now you know one of them, so what's the second thing?" It was silent for a moment before I got a reply. "How much of young Perseus' future have you seen?" The question caught me off guard. It was mostly because he knows exactly how much I've seen. But, also because of the way he sounded when he asked me that question. It sounded almost like he was saying that he has seen more of it than I have. But then again, if he has seen more of Perseus' future than I have, how did he do it? The both of us, in this very room, along with our brother Void when we looked into Percy's future. We all had acknowledged the fact that even the three of us could not see past a certain point. As if reading my thoughts, my brother said, "He suspects something subconsciously. Subconsciously, he is aware that his friend his hiding something and add that to the fact that he also noticed his 'teacher' hasn't aged physically so much as a day since he first saw him." "So...basically, the more he is aware of...the more of his future we can see?" I summed up, somewhat uncertainly. "Yeah." came back the reply. Too lazy to do it myself, I asked my brother to tell me what he saw exactly from where we left off. Unwillingly, I might add. "Well...after he defeats the Titans, he'll have a year of peace before Hera decides to kidnap him in his sleep." That part enraged me to the point that I wanted to teleport to Olympus at this very moment and vaporizing that stupid goddess of marriage for something she hasn't even done yet. Therefore, there really was no point in doing anything at this specific moment. Although, no one should even dare to do that to my Perseus, unless he/she craves my wrath... Whoa, whoa, hold on for a second. I haven't even started dating Percy or anything and I'm already this protective and possessive of him. I need to be careful when...or rather if we start dating or anything like that. Another set of fingers snapped directly into my face. This time it was by a man on my right, who seemed to have had arrived just now. Like the man on my left, this one wore a suit. However, instead of a crisp, white suit, this guy wore a crisp, dark blue suit. However, he wore a white undershirt and a black tie. "Pay attention to Order. Just because you do not like what Hera will do does not mean we cannot stop her from doing it. Now listen." ordered the man in the dark blue suit. It was my other brother, Void. The now christened Order gave Void, his brother, a nod of appreciation before he continued. "As I was saying, I saw Percy being taken by the Queen of Olympus. In addition, as I was trying to say before, she will take his memories and send him to the Romans to gain their trust. She will do the same with one of their leaders. The only reason she will do this is because Zeus will not acknowledge the threat that will arise after the Titans." As Order finished, I had a feeling there was more. However, he seemed to be waiting for me to figure something out. But what did he want me to figure out? As I sat there thinking, a particular saying came to my mind. History loves to repeat itself. Realization hit me as my eyes widened in shock and I sat there waiting for Order to continue. Seeing my face, he did just that. "Seeing as how you know what will arise afterwards, let's continue. Now, Percy will prevail, however here is the part you're not going to like." He finished quickly, seeing my obviously hopeful face. The way he sounded when he spoke. It reminded me of when mortals in movies or in reality were defusing bombs. Now, what could possibly ruin the fact that he survives? "Sister...Chaos...you must promise me that you will not act rashly after I tell you what I'm about to tell you." pleaded Order. "I promise." was Order's reply. With a sigh, Order spoke. "Percy is going to end up falling into Tartarus far before the final battle with Gaia's evil aspect." A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed chapter one because I have to say that I had not originally planned on the Chaos bit at the end. So, that obviously means that this chapter was longer than intended, so rejoice! Anyway, after I wrote this last bit, I realized something. I realized that what happened in the end will justify the actions that will take place next chapter. Please make sure to leave a genuine review and as I said before, I will reply to the first three genuine reviews for each and every chapter. Also, I apologize for all of the line breaks or whatever their called. In all honesty, I only recently discovered how to use them on my phone so I'm still getting the hang of using them in appropriate places. Anyway, thanks for reading and I'll see you all next chapter. NOTE: I have changed Chaos' hair from silver to black.