hand and I rise to my feet. Everything spins so violently that I stagger on the spot. Nico steadies me. Then he smirks. "What's so funny?" I ask. "Who's saving who now?" "Shut up," I tease him. I remember that the hand he helped me up with is injured. It has gotten worse, it's red and greenish, tinted with purple. "Your arm," I croak. He looks to his arm in surprise, like he hasn't even noticed it was there. "It's fine," he says. "No, it's not. We have to get back to camp." Nico doesn't budge. He stares at me, brows furrowed. "What?" I ask. "Well, you were just blasted by a fire explosion and all you can think of is my safety." I sigh. My voice is so quiet that I can barely hear it. "Just trying to make up for Tyler. But nothing ever seems to be enough." He steps closer. "You know, when you told me to go into the freezers while you handled the hydra, it reminded me of . . . Bianca." He pauses for a moment. "I didn't want to lose you too." He is so close now that I can see my reflection in his eyes. The eyes that have witnessed Tartarus. That have watched his own sister sacrifice herself. That had watched his two best friend fall into the Underworld. They have witnessed monsters fifty times as worse as the hydra. I am too shocked to move or say anything. Then, ever so slightly, his mouth finds mine. I think I need my inhaler. It's a gentle touch, but it's more than enough to heal me. He pulls back ever so slightly. His head is bowed, his eyes closed, and all I can see is his shaggy, dark hair. He whispers, "Don't leave me." I whisper, "Never." He kisses me again, a little harder this time and pulls me to him by the waist, where those annoying curves are. He doesn't seem to mind them. All I can think of is How? Why? How? Why? What? How? Why? I don't know how long we are standing there, but it feels like an eternity. His lips, once cold at first, are now warm from my pressure. I pull back and rest my head on his shoulder. His arms around me are strong and supporting. I still find it hard to breathe. I don't believe it. I am nothing. I am not like everyone else, but he doesn't seem to care. I wonder what he sees in me that makes him want to kiss me. We shadow travel back to camp and find Chiron and the Athena cabin leaders in chaos. They are having a heavy debate and shouting in desperation. We find them and when they see us, everyone just stops and stays still. Then Annabeth pushes up to the front, her eyes like a raging hurricane. "Where in the Underworld were you two?" she yells. I look at Nico and he looks at me. "You tell her," I say. Nico tells Chiron, Annabeth, and the others about our battle with the hydra, and emphasizes my "brilliant" plan that saved them both. When he is done talking, Annabeth thinks. "But I don't understand," she says. "How did you guys get there?" "Oh," says Nico. I could have sworn that I saw him blushing. "I took her somewhere . . . special. We were just hanging out." A little more than hanging out, a voice in my mind says. I think back to the kiss. Shut up, I tell it. Chiron steps forward, and I don't think I have ever seen him so worried in my life. By the candlelight, I can see wrinkles that I am sure weren't there before. "We are thrilled to hear that you battled the hydra and made it out safely," he says. "But there will be repercussions for sneaking out of camp. Do you understand?" Nico and I nod. "Okay, then. Off to bed with you." Nico and I hurry off to the big U of cabins. He stops right when we get to the door of the Athena cabin I turn to him, confused, only to be tackled in a hug. It takes me in such surprise that I stumble backward. But his strong arms are there to support me. "You've got to stop saving me," he says. Then he pulls apart and walks away, disappearing into the night. I smile to myself and let myself blush. The next day, Nico finds me by the lake again. We play with Small Bob for a long time. But I know that I can't keep my question burning forever. "Nico," I say. He looks up at me. "Um . . . about yesterday . . ." "Yeah?" he asks. I wish his intense brown eyes would stop looking at me. I feel jittery. "Um . . . I just wanted to know . . ." I take a deep breath. "Why? I mean, why me? You could have anyone, and you pick me ." He smirks to himself. "You don't realize it, do you?" "Realize what?" I ask. "Realize how beautiful you are." This takes me by surprise, and I have to gather my thoughts first before I stumble, "Huh?" "You're different," he says. "You're not like everyone else. And for me, that works. Believe me when I say, that I've had plenty of experience with being different." I don't know what to say. How is different beautiful? Then my question is answered by the pressure of his lips on mine. His hands find my waist and settle there, like it was made for his hands. My arms wrap around his neck and I lose myself. I have had a motto all my life that I have stuck to. It pays off to be ugly, because when somebody loves you, you know that they love you for who you are. And right now, that can't be any more true.