could breathe. His eyes fluttered open as he glanced around. There was so much white it was blinding. It smelled sterile and clean but of hospitals. Nico was not a fan of hospitals. He took a breath and began to sit up only to notice his muscles straining. Glancing down, he glared at the cast that reached all the way up his leg and was currently hanging above him held in place. He groaned and flung his body back on the bed. "Nico?" With relief, he recognized his voice now. Nico turned his head and saw the same blonde basketball player in the same jersey as before. "Will Solace." Nico forced a tight smile on his lips. "I bet you stink." Will's grin widened as he practically fell on top of Nico. "Ew. You do stink." Will giggled, and it was the first time he'd seen the lighter side of this boy. Nico had to admit. He was adorable. He shoved off Nico but stayed close, smiling with euphoria down at him. "Your team won, by the way. I heard we were coming back, but you gave your team a hell of a leave before we, er, broke you." Nico smirked. "Damn right I did. I shut your ass down, too." Will bit his lip. "Who hit 4 threes in the second half? Not you." Nico began to respond m, but he heard the familiar gait of his coach. "Oh no." "Mov - I said move out of my way, basket cases! I need to get to - ah! Do Angelo! My boy!" Coach Hedge bleated as he barreled to Nico. He cringed as he gave him an awkward hug. He much rather would have preferred Will's awkward hug to Hedge's. "How are you doing, son?" Nico opened his mouth before realized he truly couldn't respond except for the fact that his leg still hurt like a bitch. "Uh, Will, how am I doing?" Will laughed. "Kayla, could you get his doctor?" Kayla was writing down words in the chart. She raised an eyebrow. "What? It's not like you haven't memorized the chart already." She disappeared fleetingly with genuine smile pressed to her lips. Hedge crossed his arms. "Number seven. You gave us a hell of a lot of trouble. I thought you were supposed to be out for the entire season." Will leaned against the counter and nodded. "I had a minor fracture in my radius. It healed up faster than expected." Hedge scoffed. "Doctor's son...takes x-rays for fun." "Did you mean to rhyme? That would be perfect for a poem! May I use that?" Nico had a vague familiarity with that voice. The owner of it looked so similar to Will it made his stomach uneasy. He was aged more, and the smile was scarier. Hedge analyzed him as if debating if he should grab his baseball bat, which was, at the farthest, outside of this room in a waiting chair. "You're not Nico's father are you? Because I have some bad news about your wife if so..." Nico rolled his eyes. Will frowned. "Uh, no, he's mine." Hedge scowled. "Speaking of which, where's your father?" Nico felt exhaustion hitting him. He yawned and shrugged. "So...my leg?" Apollo's voice was unnerving. "Your femur was fractured, which cut your femoral artery. Not good. We got you here in time and they repaired everything, however you'll be in a cast for 6-9 months. The surgery went smoothly, but you have a rod in your leg. So...get comfortable. Afterwards, you'll need physical therapy as well." Nico's stomach hit rock bottom. He'd broken a bone before. It took six weeks to heal, not six months! Even so, he knew that femoral fractures were the worst. So he bit his lip and fell back on the bed, staring at the ceiling dejectedly. Warmth settling on top of his hand. Nico looked over at Will. His face was grave and serious. It helped keep Nico from breaking down. He had no idea how he'd survive over half a year of this. He was supposed to be headed to college in six months. It had to be healed by then. "Hey guys? I think he needs to sleep." Will ushered them toward the door and was about to head out himself before he thought better of it. Closing the barrier, he stood beside Nico's bed and frowned. "You don't look comfy." He snorted. "My leg hasn't stopped throbbing and I'm flat on my fucking back. Good observation." He crinkled his nose and leaned forward. "Somebody's cranky. I know the best solution for that." Nico raised an eyebrow. "A kiss." His stomach did a flip of excitement as he smirked. "You are practically a doctor, after all..." Will grinned and moved forward, but his hand slipped, and Nico's leg went back to throbbing. He gasped and arched from the bed in pain. "Ah! I'm so sorry! I'll get Kayla to give you more pain pills. Shit!" Will was true to his word, racing out of the room. When he came back, Kayla grimaced and took her own observations, filing it on the chart as well. Then she put something else in Nico's tube. When she left, Will turned to leave as well. "She your...sister?" His words were already slowing. Will glanced over his shoulder with endearment. "Yeah, sweet cheeks, she's my sister. Half." Nico smiled widely as the pain subsided. He continued watching the blonde, looking up and down his body as all other sensations faded to away. "You've got some sweet cheeks, Solace." Will laughed. "Yeah? So do you, di Angelo." Nico couldn't stop smiling. "Kiss me next time then?" Will's image was going black. "Wouldn't miss it for the world. Go to bed, 13." Peaceful, pretty sleep took Nico over, and it was a relief. A/N: I'd love to see some feedback. This is an unusual prompt for Solangelo, but I think it's pretty neat. Can I get 3 reviews for the next part?