"Not you," Annabeth said under her breath. Percy laughed and kissed her. "I'll be back as soon as I can," Chiron promised. "Argus will watch over you." He glanced at Annabeth. "Oh, and, my dear … whenever you're ready, they're here." "Who's here?" I asked. Nobody answered. "They always have conversations without me understanding!" Percy exclaimed, looking miffed. Chiron rolled himself out of the room. I heard the wheels of his chair clunk carefully down the front steps, two at a time. Annabeth studied the ice in my drink. "What's wrong?" I asked her. "Nothing." She set the glass on the table. "I … just took your advice about something. You … um … need anything?" "Wait, did you say you took his advice?" Frank asked. Percy gaped in mock hurt at him, and Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Yeah, the only good stuff he has spit out." Percy smiled a endearing smile, and she cuddled closer, clinging as tight to him as she could. Aphrodite was beside her self, and could barely read from ecstasy. "Yeah. Help me up. I want to go outside." "Percy, that isn't a good idea." I slid my legs out of bed. Annabeth caught me before I could crumple to the floor. "She caught you? Cough weak cough." A wave of nausea rolled over me. Annabeth said, "I told you …" "I'm fine," I insisted. I didn't want to lie in bed like an invalid while Luke was out there planning to destroy the Western world. I managed a step forward. Then another, still leaning heavily on Annabeth. Argus followed us outside, but he kept his distance. By the time we reached the porch, my face was beaded with sweat. My stomach had twisted into knots. But I had managed to make it all the way to the railing. It was dusk. The camp looked completely deserted. The cabins were dark and the volleyball pit silent. No canoes cut the surface of the lake. Beyond the woods and the strawberry fields, the Long Island Sound glittered in the last light of the sun. "What are you going to do?" Annabeth asked me. "I don't know." "I'm glad you did what you did," Annabeth whispered, hugging Percy even tighter. "Me too Wise Girl, me too," Percy murmured, kissing her head. This time, Piper and her mom cooed. I told her I got the feeling Chiron wanted me to stay year-round, to put in more individual training time, but I wasn't sure that's what I wanted. I admitted I'd feel bad about leaving her alone, though, with only Clarisse for company…. Annabeth pursed her lips, then said quietly, "I'm going home for the year, Percy." I stared at her. "You mean, to your dad's?" She pointed toward the crest of Half-Blood Hill. Next to Thalia's pine tree, at the very edge of the camp's magical boundaries, a family stood silhouetted-two little children, a woman, and a tall man with blond hair. They seemed to be waiting. The man was holding a backpack that looked like the one Annabeth had gotten from Waterland in Denver. Do you still have it?" Grover asked, looking pointedly at Annabeth. She shook her head sadly. "That's unfortunate, it was a good backpack," Hermes said wistfully. No one was sure whether to laugh or hold a funeral for the poor backpack. "I wrote him a letter when we got back," Annabeth said. "Just like you suggested. I told him … I was sorry. I'd come home for the school year if he still wanted me. He wrote back immediately. We decided … we'd give it another try." "That took guts." She pursed her lips. "You won't try anything stupid during the school year, will you? At least … not without sending me an Iris-message?" "Ha, Percy's always stupid," Nico said. The love goddess took it a different way. "Aw, she cares for him!" Every single person in the room was annoyed with Aphrodite I managed a smile. "I won't go looking for trouble. I usually don't have to." "When I get back next summer," she said, "we'll hunt down Luke. We'll ask for a quest, but if we don't get approval, we'll sneak off and do it anyway. Agreed?" "Sounds like a plan worthy of Athena." "I do think of great plans don't I?" Athena bragged "No." was Poseidon's terse answer. "It was theoretical idiot! You weren't supposed to answer it!" Percy sighed, and conjured a huge wall in-between the bickering gods. He nodded to keep reading. She held out her hand. I shook it. "Take care, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth told me. "Keep your eyes open." "You too, Wise Girl." I watched her walk up the hill and join her family. She gave her father an awkward hug and looked back at the valley one last time. She touched Thalia's pine tree, then allowed herself to be lead over the crest and into the mortal world. For the first time at camp, I felt truly alone. I looked out at Long Island Sound and I remembered my father saying, The sea does not like to be restrained. "Heck no," said Hazel, remembering their trip to Alaska. I made my decision. I wondered, if Poseidon were watching, would he approve of my choice? "I'll be back next summer," I promised him. "I'll survive until then. After all, I am your son." I asked Argus to take me down to cabin three, so I could pack my bags for home. Percy released the wall, barely even sweating. Everyone look amazed. It was like they had forgotten how powerful he was. "Well, are we done?" Percy asked. "Nope, not even a tenth done!" Aphrodite sounded so cherry, Percy was sure she was enjoying herself too much. The said couple just groaned, and stood up. "Well, I want a break," Jason declared, standing up too. The demigods looked at the gods, and when they nodded, all the half-bloods walked out of the throne room, ready to relax.