They didn't see Nico. They weren't looking for him, either. As Nico walked towards cabin thirteen's table, the kids at the other tables all stared at Nico. Some tried to hide it. Others didn't. He knew he scared people. He always had. They must have gotten used to his disappearance last year, hoping he'd never come back. Believe him, he did too. Nico sat down at the end of their table. Will moved from the opposite end to right in front of him. "He eats!" he announced, like it was an accomplishment. Nico sneered at him. The rest of the guys quickly filled the table. He kept quiet for most of the meal, but then they started to ask him stuff. "So how big is your sword?" Frank asked. Everyone knew Frank was handy with a bow and arrow. If he could remember correctly, Frank, Michael Yew, Lee Fletcher, and Will Solace all competed for the top two spots in their competition team last year. Michael and Lee won, but Frank was just centimeters off. "Frank, that is highly inappropriate conversation for breakfast!" Will snickered, nudging Nico's foot under the table. Nico cast his gaze to his food instantly. Stupid dirty blond god. "Seriously, though, I didn't see you bring your sword." Nico shrugged, shoveling food into his mouth to keep from snapping at Will. He figured it would happen eventually and he'd scare away the chipper boy, but Nico wanted a few more days of allowed viewing before Will saw him as a freak. "Nico left before he could grab his sword last year. We kept it in storage. It's a scary one," Percy said. "Of course, nothing like Riptide." Jason snorted. "You're in love with your sword." "So what if I am?" "Annabeth might have a problem with that!" Leo snickered. Normally, at the mention of Annabeth's name, Percy would burst into his most recent story, whether it was about how she kicked his butt or about where they most recently had sex. Percy had no shame. Nico always felt bad for Annabeth. She had no clue, but everyone at their school knew a lot more about her sex life than they should have. This time, however, Percy looked at his food intently and shrugged. Nico was shocked. He'd never been shut up so quickly. Will kicked him under the table again. "Can I see your schedule?' Nico reluctantly pulled out his schedule. He hadn't even looked at it more than once. Will scanned it with a growing smile, one that made Nico's stomach twist. Why was he smiling like he'd scammed the lottery from a cranky old guy? "We have Monsterology and Apollo's Anatomy together." Nico shoved his remaining food around with his fork. "They need new names. What's wrong with regular anatomy?" he muttered. Will's laughter chimed like the sound of a thousand kids laughing with pure joy. It was an honest laugh, one that lessened Nico's annoyed mood. Nico looked up, surprised he was laughing in the first place. "You're my partner in both. I'll save you a seat," Will stood up grinning. "Yeah, whatever, Solace. Just stop smiling so much. It gives me a headache." Nico said. Will's smile only widened. "No promises, di Angelo!" Nico swore that kid had problems. But then so did he. Nico spent most of the school day hating his classes. He didn't mean to sound so dark, but how could one enjoy spending an hour writing down notes? He wanted to know how he was supposed to be happy about that. They didn't have lockers at their school, only backpacks. The kids were expected to go to their cabin and switch out their books at lunch. That was exactly what Nico did after grabbing a sandwich from the mess hall. He saw his table eying him, unsure if he was going to sit or not. Nico didn't feel like awkwardly listening in on their conversations again. For most of breakfast, he'd felt like he was intruding. Of course, he wasn't let off the hook that easily. He had ten more minutes of blissful 'me time' in the cabin alone. He should have figured somebody would have came to check on him. A kid like him screamed 'thief.' So when the door banged open, Nico didn't even open his eyes. He did when whoever walked in sat on his bed. "I'm a doctor in training, and skipping a meal is probably why you can't catch up to Percy and Jason." Ah yes, the musical tone of Will Solace's 'I know it all' voice even broke through his music. Nico opened his eyes and sat up, pushing himself back when he noticed how incredibly close Will had sat. "Talking is probably why you won't ever catch up to Lee and Michael," Nico deadpanned and kicked his feet, forcing Will to get up. "Shut up and leave me alone." Nico didn't know what he was expecting when he said that. He knew it would hurt Will, but he didn't expect it would hurt him . He looked like Nico had personally beat his mother to death. Nico may as well have. Will stumbled back, almost falling over his bed. He didn't even say bye he was out the door so quick. Nico watched him walk numbly back to the mess hall, watched him ignore Jason as he spoke to him. For the first time since his long line of insulting people, Nico felt completely and utterly bad about it. Will invaded his personal space, but did he deserve to have his world crushed by a potential friend just because Nico was feeling uncomfortable? Nico hated himself, which wasn't uncommon, but today it was especially bad. Shit. A/N: Well, that's the beginning. It's a long story. I'll probably update weekly, maybe. It depends on how much feedback I get. I appreciate positive and negative feedback, by the way. So please leave your opinions and ideas about where you think this is going!