of her friends, so she could have a break, and maybe they could help her. If it was her best friend Annabeth Chase, she would be done with this analysis within minutes. But as Calypso looked up at see who it was, her heart sank. It was him. The one she was trying to avoid, so she could just concentrate long enough to get this paper done. Then she could resume thinking about him until late that night, when she would finally drift off to sleep. But cruel fate had chose its course ahead of time - and of course, they made Leo bump into her at the coffee shop, out of all places imaginable. Calypso sunk down low in her seat, trying to hide her face behind the paperback book. She wasn't doing a good job of that. If Leo happened to even glance her way, he would recognize her rainbow-colored backpack anywhere. So in short, the Nereid girl had nowhere to hide. Once again, cruel fate just had to torture her. Leo looked briefly in her direction, but did a double-take once he noticed Calypso. His eyes lit up and he grabbed his order from the counter, walking towards her table. Please be heading to the table behind me. Calypso prayed silently. Please be heading to the table behind me. Of course, she did not have telepathy or supernatural powers of any sort. The dark-haired young man who was named Leo was heading to her table. She pretended not to have noticed him. Calypso feigned interest in her book, attempting to look interested as she flipped through the pages. However, this didn't stop him from coming over, even for a little chat. He slid into the empty seat next to her. "Hey, Calypso." Her heart fluttered like a butterfly's wings in flight; she couldn't help the way he made her feel. Something about him and his enthusiastic voice sent her into a fit of mad blushing. "Hi, Leo." She managed to answer back calmly, even though her heart was palpitating so loud that she thought it would just beat out of her chest; so loud she thought maybe he could hear it. "What brings you here on this fine afternoon? Don't you have better things to do than to get some coffee?" Leo laughed - a sound that made her face turn all different shades of red; blood red, electric red, crimson red. If she went one shade lower on the color spectrum, she'd look like she was about to explode. "Sadly, no. My mom's working. What about your parents?" "My dad's at home doing - I don't know - something, but my mom died of cancer when I was a young girl. I don't really remember her." They were both silent for a few minutes, Leo contemplating on the new information. It wasn't awkward silence, though; it was a thoughtful, rhetorical silence. He took a long time to answer again. "You don't have to feel upset, or anything. I never knew my dad at all. He ran off with some other woman before I was born. My mom doesn't talk about him anymore." He looked a bit disappointed as he said so, but his signature impish grin came back almost instantly. "So, I've see you came here to do your essay?" Calypso nodded, though sheepishly and bashfully. "It's not going very well." She swivelled her laptop around to show him the blank page of Google Docs. Language Arts had never really been her forte; she referred math better. There was a certain kind of thrill she felt when doing arithmetic; there were so many different ways you could solve a problem, and it was fun to find all the ways you could. He frowned, peering at the book. "Hey, I had to do that book, too. Miss Misty's English class, right?" She nodded. "Sorry to ask, but can you help me out here? I have a lot of writer's block right now." "No can do." Leo answered, raising his eyebrows at her. "My mom helped me with the majority of it so I don't really remember what I wrote. Sorry." Calypso groaned and rested her head in her hands at the news. She powered off her laptop and shoved it into her backpack. "I'm done with this right now. It isn't due for two days, anyway. I'll just do it tomorrow; hopefully I can sleep on it. Maybe I'll ask Annabeth for help." Leo scratched his head. "You're going to sleep on your laptop?" He looked genuinely confused, and Calypso resisted a big laugh at his expense, though she pursed her lips to keep from laughing. Poor boy. So out of touch with the world. "No, it's an expression." She bit back a smile at his cluelessness. "Figures." They were quiet for a few minutes after that, and the only thing interrupting their tranquil peacefulness was the occasional slurp from their drinks; Calypso, an espresso, and Leo, a Caffe Latte. They were lapsed into yet another comfortable silence, like they had known each other all their lives. But they hadn't. They had just met today, by pure coincidence. All of a sudden, every piece of the puzzle clicked in Calypso's brain. It, of course, was all up to fate. But it was also up to one, lone word; one that was strong and meaningful: serendipity. A fortunate accident. She spoke softly, breaking the silence, "Leo, I know you never wanted to fail math. But think this way; if you hadn't, we wouldn't have met each other." There flashed one of his signature smiles again. "So it was an accident that happened for the better?" "Serendipity." Calypso said slowly, as if trying it on for size. She liked the way it rolled off her tongue, but she also liked it for many more reasons; it was the word that led her to Leo Valdez. It was the one word that described her life, as of right now. "Serendipity."