him. They boys rolled over, and Will began grinding his hips into Nico. Will's hands roamed all throughout Nico's soft, fluffy black hair that was a dark as night. When Nico reached into his pants with a dirty little chuckle, Will fell on top him, hands running down his face. Nico gasped and jerked as pain seated from his cheek all over his body. By effect, Will was pushed off of his angel, and the needle he'd been sewing Nico up with pierced into his back. He hissed in pain and rolled over, but that put him on the floor. "You okay?" Nico asked, head popping over the side curiously. Will groaned and lifted a thumb up. Nico began to laugh. And he didn't stop. He continued laughing even as - especially as Will hauled himself to his feet. The dark haired boy sat in hysterics as Will pulled the needle out of his back. It was curved so it only went in part ways, but it was painful. "Well. That's not sterile anymore." Will huffed, slightly out of breath from the entire experience. Nico finally managed to control his breathing, but he continued to giggle. "Damn, I know I'm good, but I've never had someone scream that early in bed." "What's your last name?" Will demanded as he readied a new needle, eyes blazing. "Di Angelo." "Okay. You better shut it, di Angelo. I don't have to numb you." "If I keep talking, will you make me shut it?" Will pressed his lips together and hissed. "I'm the plastic surgeon here! I'm the one who is supposed to be overly cocky and good looking!" Nico only licked his lips and eyed Will like his very own personal flavor of man candy. "Seriously, dude, if you keep making sexual innuendos, you're going to end up with a nasty scar." Nico shrugged as Will grabbed the lidocaine. "Of girls dig scars, I figure guys would too." "If you want to ever go undercover again, it's best to look normal," Will retorted with more anger than needed. Nico's face split into a surprised grin of satisfaction. "Mhmm, I like you all angry, doc." "Nico!" He chuckled to himself and closed his mouth as Will numbed him. The silence was a little awkward to him, so he spoke his mind. "And...you'd be hot as fuck with or without scars." When the syringe was away from his face, Nico reached around and squeezed Will's butt. "Thanks. You're not too bad yourself." Will scoffed and rolled his eyes. "You're like a child." Nico hummed in agreement as Nico began the stitches. It didn't take long, and soon Will was wiping them all with peroxide again. Once that was done with, he put up his materials. Nico was looking around his bed. "Can I get you something?" He didn't respond. He glanced at the posters, which were above the headrest. Nico seemed to follow the line of sight to... "You do jerk off to these!" He had a miniature black light out and was shining it on the desk and the floor below. The desk was against one wall near his bed, and as Nico guessed, he sat on the edge of it. The majority of the white marks were on the desk. Nico turned around and raised an eyebrow. "You have no idea how many times I hit myself with cum." Nico burst into a mischievous fit of laughter. Will could tell he had noticed the vast majority of posters focused solely Brendon Urie. "Too girly to put them above your bed I see..." Nico was careful about the grin. He walked closer to Will, whose eyes continued looking him up and down. He couldn't get over how well he pulled off his hair and those tight pants. "So...Brendon Urie turned you, huh?" Will grinned and wrapped his arms around Nico's waist, pulling their hips together. "I have a thing for punk adrenaline junkies." Nico smirked and glanced at his own clothes. At this Will's hand gripped Nico's butt. "Oh, I know. You really know how to work it, angel." Nico's hands tangled into Will's hair and began to kiss him, stopping only inches from his lips. Will whined, but Nico didn't budge. "I don't know your name." Will scrunched his nose. "You really stopped to ask my name?" Nico seemed to be crushed, though. "I'm an FBI agent. If you had been any other person, I would have found it out by now." Will whispered, "I knew it was FBI." "Hey! Name!" Nico pouted, clearly not used to having to ask things like personal information. Will once again stepped closer to Nico. He saw his wall waver, so he shoved Nico back onto the desk. "I think you'll have to earn my name, Angel." Nico was about to blow up until he heard the nick name Will had given him. He smiled sweetly, a gift for Will's eyes in itself. Scooting back onto the desk, Nico tugged Will towards him and whispered hotly into his ear, "As long as I'm first, Sunshine." Will's eyes glinted with lust as their lips clashed together. By the end of the night, Nico knew Will's name. He knew it well enough to scream it confidently from his lungs. And Will had no objections to that, none at all. A/N: Soooo…what did you think? Okay, important question: should I continue this? I already wrote a little bit more, but it's soooo not as good. What do you guys want? Even more important: how do you talented creatures draw online fan art? Is there an app, or website, or what? I'm going to be crap, but I'm dying to know. I love trying new things, and it'd be nice to have a decent picture to own that wasn't stolen off the internet. So HOW DO YOU CREATE FAN ART ONLINE? Or maybe you just draw it and scan it? That would stink because I can't draw very well at all.