bit of pity to the man. If his family knew he died, they would kill us. But if they knew why, they would kill him. The thought of pity was erased clean from my mind. Nico turned around to see me, backed up in the shadows. I saw a look of shock and understanding pass over him. Thank the gods his eyes were that beautiful dark brown. "Haze, it's me your brother Nico. I won't hurt you. I swear it on the River Styx." I felt like I was six from his tone. I did what a six year would have done too; I ran into Nico's arms, feeling the warmth and security and love in them. I didn't want to let go. "I'm sorry for scaring you. If anyone does that to you again, I'm always around Hazel." "Thanks, Nico." "Can I breathe now? Too tight, Haze." I relaxed my grip and let go. I almost took it off but Nico told me to keep it. "I don't want to see you like this," he somewhat assured me. I took a step, but my instinct told me not to step in front. I bent down and held a small lavender paper bags. It looked like the ones you might give to someone with a present inside. I gave it to Nico, who smiled at me. "It took me awhile but I found a special gift for you. I don't know if you remember or not but I did tell you this is the day Bianca died. For that, I bought you something special." The stupid tears came back. I think this is what he yelled at me before he shadow traveled. "Stop staring and open it!" Nico demanded. I took the bag and reached inside the tissue paper. It was cold and metal. Nico had bought me a necklace. The heart one that opens so you can put a picture of whoever you want. It was silver and the heart was as red as blood, inlaid with gold. Nico had done me a favor and put in two pictures already. The left side showed a tiny but visible picture of the Argo II members. The right had a picture of Nico and Bianca smiling at the camera. I let the tears flow. "Nico, thank you. No words can express how I feel right now." I almost choked him again. But instead, I planted a kiss on his cheek. People who think this was a relationship kiss, this is a family kiss. I repeat, brother and sister sort of kiss. Nico's cheeks grew slightly pink. "Hazel, I'm really glad I have sisters like you and Bianca. Maybe she knew about you and wanted to give a second chance. Whatever the case is, I'm pleased I found you. You brought me closer to the mortal world and showed me love. I feel like I belong now." I tried to argue that it wasn't me but Nico (I barely know Will or Clarisse or Chiron or Chiron or Juniper or-) interrupted me. "Since you're tired, do want me to shadow travel or do you want walk to the nearest store?" I playfully shoved. "How come you're not tired?" Nico slapped himself in the forehead. "Right. I ate some ambrosia on the way. I almost exhausted myself from shadow traveling but the godly stuff helped. Here, I am so stupid I didn't give it to you before." I put on my new necklace and a piece of ambrosia. The taste of warm chili gumbo reminded me of home and I felt stronger. Nico took a bite also, maybe because he got deflated from killing the guy. I took that bit of memory and erased it from my mind. "Ready for the dangers of shopping?" Nico put on a brave face. I took my spatha and pretended to slice a glittery dress. "If you're with me, I'm always ready." Together, we jumped into a shadow in the wall to defeat perils of long lines and the risk of appending too much money. I just hope Katherine doesn't mind that I ripped her outfit. (Even though she's not your typical Venus kid, she loves the outfit I ruined.) I also hope Frank doesn't freak when he sees that I forgot to get a new pair of jeans and sees the wound. Well, with Nico, I don't care. After all, he is Nico di Angelo, the powerful son of Hades and sister to the deceased Hunter of Artemis Bianca di Angelo and me Hazel Levesque. With Nico, I feel the love. Miss me? Well, if you did, thank you. I feel loved. If you didn't, forget you. (I'm JK. Rowling around with you.) I decided to do a story on the sibling relationship between Hazel and Nico because them two are famous in HoH, especially they are the only siblings that interact really closely. Also, they are my favorite characters! *squeal* (Well, with Leo and Bianca and Rachel and Reyna and the whole Argo II, of course.) I'll be honest; I cryed doing this. OK, tell me honestly how sentimental this story is. On a scale of 1 to 10, how sentimental? You know, that review button feels lonely. Send me a review on how you felt about this story. If you didn't figure it out, the story was told from Hazel's POV. Also, I have some great ideas for more HoH and PJO stories. Too bad I don't know to make chapters. Please PM me how to make some chapters and the first one to do so while get a summary and excerpt to my Caleo story. The title's Olympus High. Please review and tell me what you think. (If you hated it, do it for Percy or Leo or Nico or Piper or Hazel or Annabeth or Jason or Frank or Reyna or Octavian (okay, not that blonde scarecrow or Bob or Clarisse or Chiron or whoever you want.) Thank you. Happy Holidays! :D