towards the boy, thinking about protecting the child from harm, but found the gun now trained on her, she imagined that that gun wasn't just to knock people out. She took a step back behind Ward. "Listen, I just want to get my family out of here. Let me. I will return to Fury, I swear." "Nice try. I don't believe you, that tends to happen when someone points a gun at me." Ward responded. There was a soft click, too quiet for anyone else to hear but Percy. Ward put his finger to his ear and looked at Percy. Skye looked appalled at something she had heard and looked straight at the kid. "Agent Jackson. Our sniper is aiming directly at your son. Either come quietly or she will shoot." Danny trembled and hugged his father, wanting a little more comfort. Annabeth wrapped her arms around her son and his behind the cloak. Pure rage ran through Percy's veins. His muscles bulged under the black fabric, any visible veins were throbbing. Percy shouted a word that nobody but Danny could understand. " RUN " Percy grabbed his wife and son and they swirled into water, vanishing into the air and appearing in the apartment the sniper was in. Annabeth immediately pushed Danny into a bedroom and sat in a bed with him, hugging him like no tomorrow. She closed her eyes tight and heard a loud gunshot ring through New York. There was a scream she could hear from here. She recognized it as Percy scream of rage and the building shook, a shockwave erupting from the warehouse over a mile away. It shook the building and many car horns sounded in the distance. She gripped her son tighter to protect him and the wave soon finished. There was a swirling sound and Percy appeared in the room, slumping down into the bed with a bullet hole in his shoulder. She gasped and rushed to him. Danny cried as he saw his dad bleeding out on the bed. "I-" Percy coughed and his mask vanished. "I ca-can't heal it, beth. I used all my e-energy." He groaned as a wave of pain came over him. Just because he was a well-trained agent didn't mean he wasn't trained against pain. He just never got shot. "Percy! What can I do?" She yelled, pushing her hand against it to stop the bleeding. Percy hissed. "D-Da-" Percy wheezed, not being able to finish the word. Annabeth gasped and pulled her son next to her. She reached her hand into Percy's cloak and it went straight through into empty space. She closed her eyes and begged . "Journal." Something brushed her hand and she grabbed it, pulling it out of the cloak that pulled darkness from the shadows. She skipped through the pages so fast she couldn't have been reading it. She stopped on a page after several seconds and read through the spell. "Danny! I need you to do something. Listen. There's something me and your dad never told you. We're demigods. We saved the world when we were kids but defeating a really bad man. You're what we call a legacy. The child of a demigod or two demigods. You have our powers." Danny looked at her in shock, his tears leaked a little harder as he looked back at his dying dad. "Your f-father is a son of Hecate, he can access and perform magic. You can too. All you need is the spell." She explained grabbing the book. "I need you to do this, son. Please, for your dad. I need you to save him." She showed him the page in the book and he read through it with bleary eyes. He nodded at his mother and carefully placed his hands on his dad's bleeding shoulder. His dad hissed, barely conscious at this stage. Danny closed his eyes tight, tears leaked from his eyes and soaked his shirt, reding his cheeks as they rolled down his face. He spoke the chant that was in the book as if it came naturally to him, which it sort of did. Time seemed to slow for a second as he felt the warm blood run through his small fingers. He cried and cried. Tears dripped from his eyes to his hands and into his dad's wound. The young boy wailed and screamed loudly as he wished hard for the magic to work. He kept his eyes closed shut. He didn't want to see his dad's dead body. He didn't want to see his failure. He wanted to block the world and join his dad in the afterlife. A strong arm wrapped around him and he leaned into it. Wait. A strong arm? He looked up and saw his dad smiling up at him from his position on the bed hugging him with his uninjured arm. He looked down at his fingers and saw the blood all gone, leaving the scarred shoulder where the wound once was. He jumped up to his dad, who was winded from the force of his son's hug and chuckled as he wrapped his young son and wife in a huge and kissed their foreheads. After minutes that didn't seem long enough, they released each other and Percy whispered in his son's ear who grinned up at him. From his cloak, Percy brought two wrapped gifts and gave one to Danny. They both looked at Annabeth who looked confused at them. They both held up the presents and smiled at her. "Happy birthday!" A/N: What do you guys think of my first oneshot? I liked it. This only took two hours to write which is pretty slow but quite quick for me, I usually take days at the least to write a 5k chapter because of how slow I am :D Hope you guys like this! Please review or PM me, I love talking to people because it's easier than cleaning my room :D Love you guys -Rhino109