organize something in the back. Or maybe grab more spoons. Something safe that won't allow Jason to accidentally destroy something. Percy rubs a tired hand down his face, walking over to the peach ice cream off to Grover's right, nudging his friends leg with his foot as he passes. Grover reaches out from his hiding spot and whacks Percy's leg in response, grumbling something under his breath that Percy ignores. He grabs a take away bowl from the cabinet about Grover, who makes a face at him when Percy glances down. "What?" he asks, laughing slightly at the disgust on Grover's face. "Peach ice cream is so weird," he murmurs back, wrinkling his nose. Percy rolls his eyes. "It's better than freaking Wallace and his stupid pear and blue cheese concoction from Hell," he snarks back, opening the tub and grabbing a scoop. "Will." "Hmm?" Percy glances up from the peach ice cream, pausing mid scoop. Nico is standing in the archway, looking back at him. "What was that, Nico?" The younger boy shrugs nonchalantly. "Will," he repeats. "His name is Will, not Wallace." He turns on his heel and disappears from the room. Percy merely shrugs and goes back to scooping Clarisse's peach ice cream into a blue, plastic take away container. By the time he's done, Grover is back to being engrossed in his phone, a dopey smile on his face that can only mean he's been texting Juniper all afternoon. "So," he starts slowly, putting a cover on the bowl before closing the ice cream tub. Grover peaks up at him briefly, but that's all. "Are you going to come up front, or continue to sit back here and pretend to take inventory for the rest of the night?" he asks his friend jokingly, nudging him again. Grover rolls his eyes. "I am taking inventory," Grover huffs. Percy quirks a brow at him, glancing at Grover's little blanket cocoon between the ice cream tubs, and Grover blushes crossing his arms as his phone vibrates in his hand. "Yeah," Percy agrees, "inventory of what Juniper's wearing," he finishes slyly. Grover sputters. "I am not sexting Juniper!" he shouts, then winces at his volume and lowers his voice. Percy really hopes that no one out front heard that. "Percy, I'm not sexting Juniper! You can't just say things like that!" Percy laughs. "I didn't say you were sexting Juniper, Grover," he reminds him. And technically it's true. Percy didn't say anything about sexting, just a mild insinuation that could or could not have been taken in the direction Grover took it. That's all. "You implied it," his friend scoffs back, pointedly ignoring his buzzing phone. Percy grins. "Actually I was implying that Juniper has been showing you possible date night outfits for the past hour, but hey! You're the one with the dirty mind!" he teases, laughing at his friend's flustered expression. "I hate you." He laughs again. "Love you, too, Grover," he coos back, ruffling his friend's curly hair. Grover glares up at him as he fixes his hat. "So are coming out front?" he asks, already knowing the answer. Grover never likes to come out front, not unless it's before or after hours. "Nah," he shrugs. "You seem to have it covered," he laughs, though it sounds weak. "You're the charismatic one, Percy," he finishes almost bitterly, smile dampening. Then, he glances up with a smile, whacking Percy's shin. "Besides, someone has to watch Jason." Percy decides not to comment on the charisma remark. Or about how Grover isn't exactly sitting back here and watching Jason. He'll let Grover be, at least for today. There's enough of them working for Grover to stay in the back, after all. He nods at Grover, patting him on the shoulder before heading back to the front. And everything seems all right again. Connor and Travis are both wiping down the booths, Nico is filling plastic containers with napkins and spoons, and Chris is right where Percy left him, though looking much more comfortable without Travis gushing at him about who knows what. "Here you go, Chris!" He smiles, handing over the ice cream container. "I went with a large because, well, yeah. I hope that's okay." He probably should have asked first, but oh well. Chris doesn't really seem to mind as he simply nods, and hands over a ten, telling Percy to keep the change before he turns on his heel and leaves, winding his long scarf back around him before disappearing out the door. Percy takes a slow look around the room, gaze drifting over his coworkers languidly, smiling as Connor swats at Travis with a wet rag, which smacks his bother across the mouth with a wet "plop." Working at a New York ice cream shop in the middle of Winter, Percy decides, is a hell of a lot better than watching paint dry. Because at least he has good company. Percy grins and is just about to agree to take the late shift for Travis when a horrible crashing sound comes from the back, like a million tubs of ice cream have just fallen down and splattered across the floor that Percy had just washed an hour ago. That clean, white floor that Percy wipes down every other hour so that it stays spotless. That floor. And it's probably covered in fifty flavors of ice cream. "Uh, Percy!" a nervous Jason calls from the back, voice quivering just the slightest. On second thought, he'd rather be watching paint dry. AN: Both Annabeth and Will should appear in the next few chapters, though I can;t say for sure when! This will probably be slow burn, so please keep that in mind! I'm thinking that most of this story will be from Percy's (3rd person) perspective, though I might try my hand at writing from Nico's as well. I'd love to hear what you guys have to say, so be sure to drop a review before you go!