. Cheerfully, Artemis swung her legs back and forth, sitting on the edge of her throne. She barely listened to the conversation around her, choosing instead to hum softly under her breath. For some reason, she had the ridiculous urge to grin. As it was, she managed to keep her grin to a small smile, suppressing the urge to laugh. The other gods cast her a few looks, while her annoying brother, Apollo, looked at her in concern. Artemis ignored them, still feeling the surge of happiness and laughter from her hunters. She never realized how grim their moods must be lately until . . . this. She could feel the emotions of her hunters, had an empathy link of sorts with Thalia, and knew immediately that these feelings were coming from all of her Hunters. Laughter threatened to bubble up within her, and she squashed it down. "Now, to start this meeting . . ." Her father's voice started to drone on and on. Artemis tried to avoid sighing in boredom. She was a goddess. She was mature, but still . . . Zeus looked all grim and serious, and Artemis had the sudden urge to throw a snowball at him. The Aftermath: Artemis was extremely puzzled when she came back to her hunters. There was snow everywhere, for one. It was all over the silvery tents. And it was quiet in the camp. That in itself was weird. Immortal or not, the hunters of Artemis were still teenage girls. They were never quiet. It was cold, and the only light was coming from the fire, which was built up pretty high like a bonfire. Artemis began getting a slight feeling of foreboding. She ignored it; she would've known if something happened to the hunters, her emotions are connected strongly to them and she shares an empathy link of sorts with her lieutenant. Artemis remembered the meeting. It had been extremely boring. Yet the whole time, she had felt immensely happy. She had to resist the urge to grin, but couldn't stop smiling. Artemis began to get a slight suspicion, remembering the report of Thalia from the Alberta mission. She remembered her earlier thoughts about pegging Zeus with a snowball. The Hunters wouldn't seriously . . . Yes, Artemis realized. They would. She stared in slight shock at the sight in front of her. All of her hunters were sitting on the benches, laying or resting on each other. The littlest ones were curled in the laps of the 'older' ones. The fire was hot, and it showed them curled up with blankets, mugs of hot cocoa everywhere. Their hair was slightly damp and frozen. Artemis could still see the snow in some of them. While she was at a boring meeting, her hunters had a snowball fight. She rolled her eyes. No wonder she had been resisting the urge to grin and burst out laughing. Her hunters had been having a snowball fight while she had been sitting in an incredibly important, but incredibly dull meeting. Her eyes found Thalia, her lieutenant, sitting on the ground, sleeping. Nixie was sleeping beside her, her head resting on Thalia's shoulder. On the frozen ground, the hunters who were on it had placed the rain covers of the tents for some protection, and were in their sleeping bags. Artemis had to give them credit for their resourcefulness, even if she still wondered why enchanted tents had rain covers in the first place. Nixie had clearly stolen Thalia's blanket, and was curled up next to her, with her head on Thalia's shoulder. Artemis sighed. She quietly took Thalia's blanket from Nixie and gave it back to Thalia. Thalia shifted and opened her eyes slightly. They widened when she saw Artemis. Thalia smiled sheepishly. "We made a mess, didn't we?" "You're cleaning it up tomorrow." Artemis stated as a response. Thalia groaned. She knew she shouldn't have had a snowball fight with Hyperborean giants. It all started when she threw that single, fateful snowball. And so, when she saw the giant with Prometheus, she recognized what the giant was. A Hyperborean. " A Hyperborean ." Thalia said immediately. " The giants of the north. It's a bad sign that they sided with Kronos. They're usually peaceful ." Unless you start a snowball fight with them. Then they're vicious. Thalia thought. She nearly missed Percy's question. " You've met them ?" Percy asked. Thalia didn't feel like elaborating, but she said, " Mmm. There's a big colony in Alberta."- Who I met eight members of and had a snowball fight with, Thalia mentally recalled. Unconsciously, she said, " You do not want to get into a snowball fight with those guys." Lesson learned. Never again, Thalia swore. That was one mess she had not enjoyed cleaning up. And she definitely did not enjoy the bruises from the snowballs the Hyperboreans, and the other Hunters threw, even if some nectar and ambrosia healed her. And so we have reached the end of the tale of Snowball Fights. Hopefully, more tales about the exploits of the Hunters of Artemis will be on the way when my muse comes back from vacation that it conveniently took when it sensed finals were coming 'round the mountain (school year). Until then, I'll be dusting the cobwebs off the darkest corners of my seldom used mind (my muse likes to do the work), and exploring the labyrinth of works in my computer files. Of course, reviews are excellent bait for my muse to stop hiding, returning to hit me over the head with a bowling pin in order to whack my sanity out of me, and inspiration into me. And school is out now, so that'll help, too . . . . . . But yeah, REVIEW. Let me know what you think, if you have any criticism, please make it constructive. Don't tell me it's horrible, and then not give any advice on how to improve my story. REVIEW!