followers along Leo, Jake, and Lilly, who began whispering things like "this'll teach the whore" and "mechanical spiders". Clarisse and her siblings ran the arena, followed closely by Percy and his every faithful hound Mrs. O'Leary. For the rest of the day, Percy trained with Clarisse and half of the Ares cabin, while the other half ended up playing tug-of-war with Mrs. O'Leary in the effort to retrieve Clarisse's prized shield. The war cabin wasted no time in their effort to beat Percy to a bloody pulp; he was beginning to wonder if they had saved his life earlier, only so they could personally end it themselves. Whatever their reasons, they never got a chance to kill him he was just too good. No matter how much they may have wanted him dead, the Ares children still upheld a code of honor. Rather than the whole cabin against the one Percy, Clarisse and her siblings battled him one-on-one, latter three-on-one at Percy's request. As the sun finally went down, Percy once again found himself on the beach. With his head leaning against Mrs. O'Leary's side, he sighed as he looked up at the sky, his eyes instantly coming to a stop as he looked upon his favorite constellation, The Huntress. As always when he looked upon his, dare he say it, friend, Percy felt a wave of euphoria and sadness wash over him. He didn't understand why he felt like this when he looked up at her, he just did. It was both the single most wonderful experience and the most painful, yet he never could figure it out. "Ah, fancy meeting you here Percy," called a melodic voice from behind him. ' No' Percy thought ' please let it be anyone but her'. Sadly, when Percy turned around it was indeed her… "Aphrodite," Percy said as he stood up and bowed… before he charged with his weapon out "I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!" Before he could strike at her however, the love goddess put an image of Calypso nude into his head, causing Percy to stumble and crash to the ground in the confusion. Aphrodite laughed at Percy's failed attempt at revenge, making the heartbroken demigod feel like he was floating on air. ' No, stop it! Percy scolded himself It's just her love magic, making you feel this way! ' "I see you've grown more perceptive than the last time we met Percy." "Alright Aphrodite, we both know you're not here to compliment my mental capabilities," Percy said annoyed at how the goddess defeated him "what do you what?" "Well," Aphrodite smiled seductively "I want to consol you." Percy's eyes narrowed. "Not… happening!" " Please. " Aphrodite begged stretching out the word like a six-year-old. "Ev-er." Aphrodite pouted at this, until a smile crept back on her face. "If it makes you feel better, you never did actually love her." "WHAT!" "That Anne-girl, you never actually loved her." A look of confusion crossed Percy's face. He hadn't loved her, just what the hades gave her that impression? The hell he hadn't loved her. What makes her think that? "How can you say that?" "Simple… you where never meant to be." Percy glared at the love goddess with suspicion. "Then why, pray tell, did you tell me that the reason I had gone on that quest to save Artemis four years ago, was to save Annabeth because I loved her?" "Oh that's simple," Aphrodite said with an evil smile "it made this hurt more." "HEARTLESS BITCH!" Once more Percy charged at the offending goddess, and once more an image, this time of his friend Rachel, made him stumble and fall. "Love is cruel sometimes, Perseus, but not always." "How could I not love Annabeth when I was going to marry her, hmm?" "Oh Percy," Aphrodite said while wiping out some makeup to cover some minuet flaw in her complexion "tell me if you so truly loved Annabeth… then why, during the six months that you were gone, did you not once think of her unless her name was spoken?" Percy was stunned by this revelation. It was true, now that he thought about it Annabeth had never crossed his mind during the quest unless her name came up in one of the few conversations he had. Shocked by this, Percy once more looked up to the sky, his gaze falling on Zoe, filling him with the usual calm that came we he looked at her. "You still have not answered my question." "I'm sorry dear, what was it?" Percy's hands clenched into fists "Why did I wish to marry Annabeth." "Oh, you poor dear… you were making due." "What?" Percy hissed through clenched teeth. "Well you see, you have been unable to express you love because your dearly beloved has passed away. Therefore, subconsciously mind you, you have been trying to… well; make do with the next best thing, your first crush Annabeth Chase." Percy remained in silence, staring at the Huntress, thinking about what Aphrodite had said. Could he have loved someone else? Was he and Annabeth never supposed to be? If so, then whom did he truly love? These thoughts and more passed through his mind as Aphrodite flashed away, leaving him alone pondering these revelations. Sighing, Percy looked down to see, to his surprise, a bedroll that smelled faintly of perfume. Deciding that a good night's sleep would help him come to terms with what he had learned, Percy laid down in the bedroll, laying his head on the back of Mrs. O'Leary, as Morpheus sent him into the realm of dreams. The last sigh he saw was that of the Huntress twinkling down upon him, watching over his sleeping form. Like? Hate? Review, I piss on flames laughing, but if you want to go ahead and send them. Who is Percy's true love? Why did Aphrodite say that she "passed away"? Why am I asking these questions when I am the writer and know all?