just behind the throne. Leo shuddered when he looked at it. It depicted an epic war scene, one filled with dying heroes and acts of valor. Leo almost felt like he was in the scene, dying alongside the heroes and fighting for the glory of his kingdom. Leo almost felt like he recognized the scene, like he had seen it or heard about it somewhere before, though not nearly as beautiful and heart wrenching as the tapestry portrayed it. But the most beautiful feature of the entire room was seated on the golden throne, reading a book. Leo and Calypso gasped when they saw her, and, seemingly taking notice of the two for the first time, the young woman put her book down and stood up. The young woman had to be the most beautiful girl Leo had ever seen, aside from Calypso, of course. She was so radiant, so stunning, that it almost hurt to look at her, but at the same time Leo felt herself drawn to her. The girl herself was wearing just a simple white sundress, with golden gladiator sandals and gold accessories. She was tall; just one or two inches shy of six feet, and slim. Her hair fell in soft waves down to her back, an orange-gold color that reminded Leo of the most beautiful sunsets he had seen aboard the Argo II . Her face was made of beautiful, regal features that seemed sculpted to perfection. She gave the pair a dazzling smile with her full, red lips, showing perfect white teeth, and the two stepped back, stunned by the girl's beauty. She didn't seem to be wearing any make-up or anything; she was just naturally this magnificent. She couldn't have been more than eighteen or nineteen, but it was hard to tell, her face was just so timeless. But her eyes were what struck Leo the most. Long, dark eyelashes framed electric blue eyes. Electric blue . The same exact shade as Jason's eyes, or his sister Thalia's. But on her, it seemed more dazzling and electrifying still. She was even more beautiful than Aphrodite herself, and she wasn't even trying. The girl walked down to the pair, still smiling. Leo and Calypso stood frozen in place, paralyzed by her beauty. She walked with a regal grace, but there was something calculating in her gaze, like she was dissecting them, trying to find out their secrets. This girl's stare was scaring Leo almost as bad as Annabeth's, and that was a pretty high standard. The girl stopped a few feet in front of them, just enough so that she could look at them without having to look down at them, since she was half a head taller. "Greetings, young heroes," she began, her voice sweet like honey. Yet it reminded Leo of Jason yet again; it was filled with a commanding tone that seemed to let everyone know that she knew what she was doing. "Welcome to my home. I hope you have found it to your liking. It's nice to have visitors." Calypso replied with a weird sound that might've been yes . Then she cleared her throat and began again. "Yes, thank you. Um, who are you again?" The girl grimaced, but even that looked beautiful on her face. "I hate this part." She sighed and ran a hand through her hair. "My name is Helen, immortal daughter of Zeus and Leda." Leo and Calypso gasped. Several pieces clicked into place: why this young woman reminded Leo of Jason, why she was so beautiful. Leo wasn't very good at myths; well, he was pretty much terrible, but even he knew the myths of Helen of Troy, the woman whose beauty had started one of the bloodiest wars in history. Leo could see why now. This girl was hot . Not as hot as Calypso, of course. Nobody could ever reach Calypso's level. "Wait," Leo said, finally regaining his voice. "You mean, like, Helen of Troy?" Helen scowled, and, in the distance, the sky rumbled. With a start, Leo realized she had been the one that had caused it. "I don't like to talk about that period in my life, but if it helps you to recognize me, then yes." Calypso looked at the magnificent tapestry behind the throne. "That's what that tapestry is showing, isn't it? The Trojan War?" Helen looked at Calypso with the same dissecting stare as before. "Yes, Calypso. You know, I never expected to meet you. But I guess if someone got you out of your prison, it would be Leo Valdez, – "she turned to face Leo, "– the bane of Gaea. It's nice to meet you as well. Glad to know you didn't actually explode in one final act of bravery." She smiled at Leo, and Leo somehow felt somewhat comforted by her presence. She seemed like she was actually trying to be genuinely nice. "Thanks," Leo said, finding it a lot easier to talk to her now. "So, do you mind helping us out? I mean, if it's not too much trouble. All we need is – " "Oh, don't worry. I know you need help. And I'm perfectly willing to give it," Helen said, and Leo felt his hopes rise, but they soon came crashing down. "But the thing is– and you'll really have to forgive me, because I know how hard it is for you – I kind of need your help, and I can't help you until you have been of some assistance to me. I have a sort of quest for you, if you will. Doesn't that sound great?" A/N: So this was the first chapter; I hope you enjoyed it! I'll try to update as much as I can if I'm not busy or working on other stories. Also, if anybody wants to beta for this story in the future, I'd really appreciate it, because I'm new and don't really know how to choose a good beta. Thanks!