hair in Percy's case, wrinkled formal wear, and extremely red faces. They both had small smirks on their faces, though. When I saw the girl, though, I felt even more deflated. She was absolutely gorgeous. She had sun kissed skin and perfect, honey-blond curls that didn't seem even slightly messed up, even though she had just been in an intense make-out section. She was tall and had athletic figure. She was wearing little to no make-up, yet she still looked stunning. Her facial features were perfect, but what really made her stand out were her eyes. They were a stormy grey, almost silver. I didn't know eyes even came in that color. They were beautiful, but after a moment they were narrowed at us in a way that made us all flinch and take a step back. Her glare was piercing and calculating, like she could see through your soul and knew exactly how to take you down, both physically and mentally. Anybody who had ever said anything about blondes being dumb had obviously never met this girl, because she seemed like the smartest person I had ever seen. Her aura was similar to Percy's, too. She seemed to radiate a cool intelligence, and she made her prom dress look like full battle armor. She radiated the same leadership and power that Percy did, and she looked like she could take anybody in the world down single-handedly. Much like Percy, her very presence seemed to radiate importance and the knowledge of her place in the world. Her eyes shone like she had seen enough for three lifetimes, and she seemed to make us fade into the background. She and Percy stood next to each other like they had walked through hell together, and they would do anything to protect each other. It took all of my willpower to hold back the tears. "Hey, guys. So, um, shouldn't you guys be at prom? It's just started…" he said awkwardly, voice hoarse in a sexy way. The girl took out her phone, and then she lightly punched Percy in the arm. "Seaweed Brain, it started almost half an hour ago. You should have kept track of time!" Percy turned to face her. "Oh, yeah. Because you were paying so much attention to the time." The girl blushed, and she rolled her eyes. "Whatever, Seaweed Brain. Aren't you going to introduce me to your friends?" "Of course. Wise Girl, these are my friends Isabelle, Em, Lynn, Jake, and Tyler. Isabelle, Em, Lynn, Jake, Tyler, this is my amazing girlfriend Annabeth Chase." "Flattery won't get you anywhere, Percy." Percy proceeded to lean in close to her and say something we couldn't hear in a low, seductive voice. We were all shocked. We didn't even know Percy even knew that seduction existed. The girl, Annabeth, turned as red as a tomato. As Percy leaned out, she grabbed his tie and said something we couldn't hear in a low, seductive voice to him. Percy blushed, too, but they were both left with stupid grins on their faces. We continued to stare at them as Annabeth cleared her throat. "So, how do you guys know each other?" "We go to the same school," Percy replied. "Really? I hadn't guessed," Annabeth said, sarcasm dripping off her words. "Well, we have a ton of classes together, and they're on the varsity swimming team with me. So they're like my best school friends. Plus, Lynn – " he pointed at me, " – is my vice president." Jake was the next one to find his voice. "So, um, Annabeth, how do you know Percy?" "Camp," they replied in unison. "We've known each other since we were twelve, and we were best friends until we started dating the summer between ninth and tenth. So, almost two years ago," Annabeth explained, reaching to hold Percy's hand. They were even easier together than Jake and Em, and they were the cutest couple in school. It suddenly became really hard to breathe. Annabeth turned to face Percy. "You know, Percy, this is the first time we've been to a school dance since Westover Hall." Percy burst out laughing. "That was so embarrassing! We weren't even dating yet. It was so awkward." Annabeth started laughing, too. "I know. And you were like a foot shorter than me." "A foot? It was more like a centimeter difference." They began walking away to the sound of the music, Annabeth leaning against Percy, wrapped in one of his arms. You could hear them laughing and joking around, and you could here the love they had for one another in every word. They were closer than any teenagers I'd ever seen before, and it didn't look like that would change anytime soon. I could feel tears falling from my eyes as I stood there in numb shock, and my friends all turned to me with sorry looks on their faces, mixed with utter shock. "It's okay," Isabelle said, gently, reaching out to touch my shoulder. But I turned around and ran away, feeling completely devastated. The tears fell faster from my eyes, and I was vaguely aware that Tyler was right behind me, calling my name. I stopped when I was outside, sobbing into the warm, late spring night. I felt Tyler come up to me, surrounding me with his arms, but I barely noticed. At the end of the night, when the tears had slowed down, I remembered leaning in to Tyler, thinking that maybe my heart could be put back together. A/N: So, what did you think? Remember, this is my first story on this website, so if you do review (and it would be nice if you did), please don't be mean. Sorry about the length, I totally thought this would end up at around 5000 words, but here we are, 30 pages later. Oops. I hope this was more than just you average "meet Percabeth" story and that you enjoyed it! Have a lovely day!