As I pick up her body gently, I feel my mother's body as being sweaty and pale. I scream at Zeus. "What the hell did you do?" "I always have insurance for rare cases like this. It's never happened but if it did, my men are instructed to find away to exact my demands. My men used a rare poison that becomes lethal when touched. Those men are already dead and sacrificed themselves by putting the poison on their hands and touching your mother once you survived the pit. The poison doesn't affect you due to your new abilities but there is no way to save your mother now. And besides Athena, did you really think I would let you live? No one takes sides on the family and survives." His laugh fills the room and the anger and grief bubble inside me as I shout at him, "I'm going to kill you, I swear it Zeus!" He laughs harder and says, " We will see who survives my darling granddaughter!" My mother draws back my attention to her as she whispers weakly, "I-I'm sorry. I wish-hed I could have been better to you. Yo-u will do-o great thing-gs Anna-beth. You wi-ll be a-a hero. I-." Slowly her eyes close and tears fill my eyes as I realize that in the course of how many hours that my life was flipped upside down, my mother is now gone. Holding her in my arms, grief threatens to release a beast that I can't contain as I turn to fight with Zeus. As I look, I see that he escaped while my mother was fighting for life and the weight of letting him get away with this and his other crimes does not sit well with me. Tears brim my eyes as I pick up my mother's body and carry her to the pit that gave me impossible abilities that I still can't comprehend. Slowly, I push her body into the waters and eventually, her body burst into flames. Tears, heat, and steam from the water cloud my vision as I watch the last of my family burn away. When her body has vanished into the waters of the pit, I say my last goodbyes silently to myself. "I'm going to be the person you wanted me to be mom. I love you." I wipe my hand across my face to stop more tears from coming and exit the hell that left my mother dead and myself with powers I don't understand. A couple of hours later, as I roam through the rainy, wet park, I try to decide what I should do. I am most likely fired from my job unless I can think of a good reason for me not showing up, which I probably can seeing as my mother is dead. Other then that, I don't have the slightest idea on how to find Zeus or how to be this supposed hero that my mother thinks I am. I might be super strong or whatever but I have no idea how far my abilities go and what are my weakness besides my hidden one in my armpit. I don't have any training in fighting or crime fighting and if I am going to do this, I am going to do it right. This city needs to get rid of the poison that my grandfather inflicts on it and I have to be much better at what I do in order to do that. As I walk around the park, the raining lightly hitting the ground, I notice a group of men huddled around by the restroom area. One notices me and asks the others. "Larry, I thought we were ordering the prostitute later tonight?" "Yah I don't know who the hell this chick but if she is here for that then I'm not complaining." These guys don't want to mess with me right now but I smirk anyway and respond, "Well as much as that would be fun, I'm afraid I'm not here for that." "Aw c'mon you slut. Let me see what's underneath your clothes." The other men snicker as the pervert starts to walk towards me. As he gets closer, he sticks out his hand to stroke my shoulder but before he can even lay a finger on me, I grab his wrist and twist, breaking it in three places and then throwing him to the ground. Immediately, the other men's demeanor change and they take out their knife and guns. "You do you think you are! We own this park." "Well it's a very nice park but it might need some cleaning up, starting with getting you assholes." This pisses them off and one of men run at me. Quickly, I punch him square in the jaw and gut, making him crumple to the ground. As their friend lies in agony, the other men realize that they are in trouble. "So how are we going to do this boys? Hmm?" I smile and before they can respond, I charge towards the group of six men. Energy and strength fill my lungs and for a moment I forget about the recent events and focus on my body and it's power. I smack one's gun out of their hand and then judo flips his body into his friend before turning around and slamming my elbow into the man behind me. With three more, I find an iron pipe and spin it before whacking the two of them together. As they fall to the ground, the last survivor charges me. Anger wells up inside my chest and before he can even fathom what is happening, my fist collides with his stomach as I grabs his arm and slams his back hard onto the concrete. The man moans in pain and I stand over his gross, pale body. "Wh-who are you?" He says nervously and I smile. "You'll find out later but for now, I'm the justice that you deserve."