turned around and started to free climb up the cliff. "What the hell are you doing?" Someone shouted at me. "We have to get up there somehow!" I answered. "Or would you like to be the one that let the units on Omaha and Utah get bombed?" There was a moment of hesitation before more people started to climb with me. Not all though because some weren't very good rock climbers to start with and they figured they'd wait for the grappling hooks. The climb was not fun, Germans dropping grenades and other munitions on us as we climbed. One trooper slipped and fell right past me, screaming for help as he fell to his death. After a while a grappling hook soured past me and snagged on a piece of barbed wire on top of the cliff. I was going to grab onto it but I could also see a German trying to cut the wire and make the hook fall. As I climbed there were so many dead that I didn't even want to know what our numbers were now. Eventually though I reached the top and started to shoot my BAR at the enemy. They were in bunkers and trenches. The land was full of bomb craters from our air raids and it provided good cover for those of us who made it up the cliff. "Take the mortars!" A Sargent to my right shouted. "Move! Or the beach assaults are dead!" I looked around to see a decent number of us made it but we were still a pretty small group compared to the assault units on the beaches. 'Well duh!' My mind screamed. 'We're Ranger commandos! Best of the best! We don't need numbers!' "I said move it, Grace!" The Sargent yelled. I nodded and charged a mortar bunker to my right with a bunch of other people from my unit. They were shooting at us with a MG-42 so we had to duck every few feet or dive into a bomb hole to avoid being shot. Even then a few of us went down but eventually we reached the bunker. One trooper jumped down into the trench that led into the bunker only to be ripped apart by fire coming out of the entrance. "Fire in the hole!" The guy next to me shouted and he threw a hand grenade at the door. I dove for the dirt as the bomb went off, sending shrapnel everywhere. "Hold on!" I shouted. "I have an idea!" And so I sprinted around the bunker to the front where the Germans would shoot out of and flattened myself against the wall next to the firing slot and pulled out a hand grenade, pulled the pin, and threw it in through the hole. It went off and several Germans screamed in pain. "Move!" I shouted to my unit. "While they're down!" And so that's how we took the bunker. There were less Germans then we thought there would be but we soon found out why. When I entered the bunker I was horrified at the main weapon in it. Instead of a large black mortar there was one painted log, made to look like a mortar. "What the hell is this?" Demanded one of my squad mates. "Where's the weapon?" "They moved it." I said bitterly. "They tricked us." "We're going after it right?" One guy asked. "No." I said. "Our orders are to hold this point until we are relived." "But the weapons!" On trooper began. "And if we leave we are living the cliff to the enemy in a prime spot to attack the assault troops!" I responded. "Mark my words, they are probably planning a counter attack right now and we need all the Rangers here we can get." The unit nodded as I began to load my weapon and prepare to hold this cliff. As I walked out of the bunker though I was surprised to see an airborne trooper jogging towards me. She was with the 101st, according to her screaming eagle patch. "Who are you?" I called to her, a little uneasy. They weren't supposed to be in this aria. She stopped jogging ten feet from me and answered. "I'm Corporal Reyna." She answered. "Got miss roped and lost my stick. I heard the fire and figured I could help." I nodded. "Well, it's good to have you Reyna." I answered. "I'm Corporal Jason Grace." She nodded, looking around to assess the situation at hand. "Is this all we've got?" She asked. I nodded. "When is backup coming?" She asked, looking a little worried. "I might not be." I replied. "We were told to take and hold this point until the Infantry can get off the beaches and relive us." She looked over the side of the cliff at the troops truing to take Omaha to her right. She didn't have a very hopeful look on her face. "You scared about fighting surrounded and outnumbered?" I asked her. She shook her head. "That's what I was trained to do." She replied, not taking her eyes off the troops. "Jump out of a plain into enemy territory with a rifle, amo and a few grenades and take and hold a position until the army can break through the lines." She shook her head. "I just never thought breaking though the lines could be any worse then what I do." I nodded before speaking. "Well we should set up defenses and start digging in." I said. "It's going to be a long fight." A MESSAGE FROM THE AUTHOR: Well? Like it? Then post a review to let me know you want me to continue with the story. I still have to get the Airborne story line caught up with the Rangers, 1st and 29th infantry. So let me know what you think and please point out any inaccuracies about the tactics, placement of troops, defenses, or other historical details that I might have over looked.