slid over to Nico and pecked him on the cheek. "Thank you," she said quietly, sincerely. He shrugged. "It wasn't too hard, really. I asked Father, since he's finally got all the dead in their rightful places. He told me that his soul was no longer in the Underworld, and gave me some tracking hellhounds. They led me to Malta, and he was there. Turns out he'd only come back from Ogygia yesterday, and we don't know how long he was dead or how much time he spent there, so—" "Still," she said, stopping him, "You brought him home. I appreciate that. Everyone does." He squeezed her hand. "I know how hard this has been on you. Have you finally stopped feeling guilty?" She sighed. "Even now, I wish I could have stopped it. But I suppose there was no other way, was there?" "The life of a demigod is never easy." "Ditto." Hazel sighed again. "I might go check on how the decorations are coming for tonight. I have a feeling Piper and Jason will want to do a little catching up with Leo." He nodded. "Okay. I'll be around." She jogged off, and Nico was about to retreat to the Hades cabin when he was stopped again, this time by Chiron. "Nico," he said. "I forgot: there was a call for you earlier. He requested I tell you to ring him back whenever you get the chance. The number is on my desk by the phone." A call for him? That was new. "Cool. Thanks." Following Chiron's instructions, he walked at a brisk pace to the Big House, and to Chiron's desk. As he said, there was a number scribbled down on the pad by the phone. Hesitantly, he dialed it, and waited. "Hello?" Then he broke into a full grin. He didn't even have to ask whose voice it was on the other end. "Hi, Will." At seven o'clock that evening, the whole of camp that had stayed for the school year, as well as the Romans who had agreed to join for the feast, gathered under the dining pavilion. All of the tables had been pushed together into a single line, with Chiron and Mr. D at the end. Nico grabbed a seat beside Jason, and the proceeding order was Piper, Leo and Calypso. Across from them sat Hazel, Frank, Percy, Annabeth and Reyna. Everyone was chatting excitedly until Chiron pounded the ground thrice with his hoof, silencing the hall. "Thanksgiving," he said in a booming voice. "Not exactly a Greek or Roman holiday, but an American tradition of which I'm very fond. It has once again been a very difficult year for us all. We have lost many. We have suffered much. But we must also be thankful for what we do have. We won the war. We have had friends returned home to us. We have gained a whole new family with whom we can celebrate. So be thankful, and be glad. Now, let us feast!" Plates of turkey, potatoes, gravy, corn, and dozens of others materialized on the table. Nico took a small amount onto his plate, then went over to the bronze brazier. Sliding in a roll and a particularly juicy piece of turkey, he whispered, "Thank you, Father. For everything." Once everyone was seated back down, they dug in. He couldn't help but take note of the ridiculous amount of potatoes and turkey Percy had piled onto his plate and was shoveling into his mouth. "It's not blue, but man, it is tasty." Annabeth and Reyna shared a look, then both chuckled softly and started in on their food. "What?" Percy protested. They just laughed. Piper would occasionally pat Leo's arm and smile. She and Calypso seemed to be hitting it off well. Jason must have sensed some sort of competition from Percy, because he plopped a couple more spoonful's of mashed potatoes onto his plate. "So," Nico overheard Leo asking Frank, "is this your first real Thanksgiving dinner? Being Canadian and all?" Nico ate slowly, savoring every bite. Once his plate was empty, someone placed in front of him a slice of pumpkin pie. He looked up to see Reyna smiling at him. He shot her a side-grin back. It was amazing to see the change in her from before the war ended to after. No longer was she shouldering a responsibility designed for two, nor dealing with a devious augur, nor a tired, battered soldier. She still had that regal air about her, but was happier than Nico had ever seen her in the past. Eventually, the campers started to trickle out, until it was just the nine of them left. Finally, Leo yawned. "Alright, guys," he said. "Coming back from the dead is kind of exhausting. I think I'll check on Festus real quick, then hit the hay." That triggered everyone else to get up. Calypso had arrangements for a room in the Big House, and admitted that she, too, was quite exhausted. Nico could feel her life energy, and noticed that while it had been way higher than the others before, but had been slowly decreasing as time went on. Now it was about the same as everybody else. He suspected it was her immortality dissolving, which had to be a bit of a shock to her body. No wonder she was tired. Nico went back to his cabin and relaxed. It was significantly less creepy now that he had redecorated the interior. The weird coffin-like structures had been replaced with brass bedframes, and he had procured some decent lighting and a window. He cracked open a book that Will had lent him, and read for about an hour until Hazel appeared, accompanied by Frank, who kissed her goodnight before departing. Looking out the window at the silent fields under the starry sky, Nico felt a warmth spreading through his core. This is my home, he thought. This is my family. And he was very thankful indeed.