they kept under their "Welcome Home" rug. Annabeth closed the door and sat on the couch, turning on the TV to a documentary, waiting for Percy to come home. He was at a swim practice for a program he signed up for over the summer, he doesn't get home in another hour. Sally was in a business trip and doesn't get home until really late today. Half way through the documentary, Annabeth hears the familiar ring of the home phone. Pausing the TV screen, she got up and rushed to the phone. "Hello?" "Um, is this the Jackson resident?" An unfamiliar male voice said on the other end. "Uh, yes. This is the Jackson resident. Who's speaking." Annabeth questioned. "This is Nurse Fletcher of Apollo Medical Hospital." Annabeth's brows furrowed. Her grip on the phone tightened slightly. "We're calling to let you know that Percy Jackson has been in an accident and we'll need someone to report here immediately." That's all it took for Annabeth to place the phone back in the receiver and grab her phone, bag and key and close the front door. She ran and ran on the sidewalk. There were only three words going through her mind right now. Percy. Accident. Hospital. She finally made it to the nearest bus stop, a block away. She made it just in time and hastily paid her fare and sat down in the seat closest to the door. After 5 minutes, the bus stopped in front of the Starbucks that was just 2 miles from the Hospital. /Annabeth quickly ran out of the bus and ran straight to the hospital, the passerby she ran into giving her stranger looks. She yelled a quick apology without turning her head. 10 minutes later, she made it through the hospital's main doors and rushed passed the nurses and patients hanging out in the hallway. Multiple apologies and "excuse me" were exchanged as Annbeth made it to the front desk. She cleared her throat to get the nurse's attention. "Um, I'm here for Percy Jackson. Where is here?" She couldn't hold in the worry in her voice as she asked the nurse frantically. "Mr. Jackson is in room A8 but the doctors still checking him." The nurse, Katie, told Annabeth after checking in the computer. Annabeth muttered a thank you before fast-walking to Percy's room, not wanting to get any more dirty looks from the people around her. A couple minutes passed before she finally made it to A8. Apparently, she's not allowed to go in yet because the doctor /was still in there, so she just sat down in those uncomfortable waiting chairs just outside the door. While she waited, Annabeth quickly sent a text to Sally about the situation. After a minute of two the doctor came out. Annabeth quickly stood up and went to him. "Doctor! What happened to Percy!? Is he going to be okay?" Annabeth asked him desperately. The doctor, Dr. Yew, answered her. "Percy was hit by a car on his way home. He struck his head pretty hard on the concrete. He hit the back of his head in the sidewalk so its pretty severe. We just did an operation on him and cleaned his wounds. And . . . well right now he's in a comatose /state. And we-we aren't so sure when he'll wake up. But we're positive he will." Annabeth felt an emptiness inside her. Percy could wake up tomorrow, 3 days from now, months, of even . . . even years. She felt tears threatening to fall from her eyes, the lump in her throat forming. Percy, please wake up. It's been 18 days, 8 hours, and approximately 13 minutes. Percy's still sleeping and Annabeth hasn't left his side. She was currently reading to him, Harry Potter, it seemed it was the only books he ever enjoyed. "'Harry cast about for a happy memory. Certainly, nothing that had happened to him at the Dursleys' was going to do. Finally, he settled on the moment when he had first ridden a broomstick.'" She read softly out of the 3rd book of the series, Percy's favorite. Her voice cracked a bit. She took a deep breath and bookmarked the page before closing the book. She placed it on the stand next to her. She intertwined her fingers with Percy's. His hands were still warm, like always. She looked up at his face, now pale and slightly gaunt. Tears prickled her eyes and trailed down her face. "Perce. Please wake up. I don't think I can make it without you any longer." Annabeth hiccuped, squeezing his hand briefly. "I miss you Seaweed Brain. And I love you so much. I wish I said that to you earlier, before this shit happened." She buried her face into the crook of her arms, letting out quiet sobs as her hands gripped Percy's tightly. Everything that happened after came too quickly. Annabeth felt a sudden movement in her hands. Her head shot up and she let go of her grip on Percy's hands. Nothing happened at first. And then his index finger slowly twitched. Annabeth gasped and looked at his face with wide eyes. Percy blinked once, twice, three times before she can fully see his mesmerizing orbs. Annabeth let out a strangled cry of joy before throwing her arms around him in a secure hug. The next few moments made her world crash down. Percy pushed her away and looked at her with wide, frantic eyes. He said three words with his husky voice that made Annabeth want to curl up in a hole and die. "Who are you?" FIN. There you have it. Please don't murder me in my sleep. It's my first ever completed fanfic and I'm so proud of my self. I might write a second part of I get enough reads, follow/faves. But for now it's just this. Sorry for all the spelling and grammar errors, hope you liked this story. xoxo Rinzix