his body. It'll actually be quite different. Percy will still be the dominant mind, I will be a voice in his head, and he will be in full control unless he gives me the metaphorical reins to his body." And with that piece of new Sally felt a little at ease. Only a little "For me to fuse with Percy in a more permanent way will be by this" and with another wave of his hand a part of space opened up to reveal a floating piece of rock. In the center of the rock was a metal glove of some sort. It looked old, medieval almost but that wouldn't be the word that sally would use, but it looked menacing. It looked as if it were made by tiny other pieces that folded nicely into each other, the tips of the fingers looked like claws or talons, the palm areas looked like rugged leather lined with celestial bronze, the upper part looked to be made of some kind of celestial silver. "The Chaos Gauntlet. The only physical presence that I am able to muster these days sadly" Chaos looked at it with much pride that Sally couldn't understand "I keep forgetting what I'm looking at is a hologram of some sorts, so this is you huh?" Chaos chuckled and scratched his… head? "Yes, before I left the earth I created this for my last vessel. We had, uh, well, complications using my power in his body, this became a conductor of sorts." Sally then looked at him "Percy will be able to access your power?" He returned her stare and nodded, "Yes, I feel that was quite obvious when we combine. But not only will he be able to access my power, the abilities of his own will double" Double? Sally thought. As if Olympus didn't see him as a threat enough already… "-he will also be Immortal-" What. She turned quickly to Chaos "Immortal?" she asked hastily, cutting him off "Yes" he looked at her as if questioning her "in a sense, he will not age, he will not get sick, but he will be weak to outside danger. That is the only weakness of a vessel" if Sally wasn't worried enough already, that bomb Chaos had dropped was enough to make her feel sick. "Take me home…" "Wait what?" chaos asked confused "Take me home now!" yelled Sally In a flash they were back in Sally's apartment in New York. She made her way to the kitchen and opened a cabinet and grabbed a bottle and uncapped it and started drinking it. The label read "Apollo's Red Hots Rum" "I don't think you're supposed to chug it all at once" Chaos chimed in, his voice raspy again and Sally spit it out. "By the gods that is nasty" she garbled and then turned on the faucet and rinsed out her mouth, "I can tell this is a little too much to take in at once" said Chaos "More than a little" garbled Sally again from the sink. She gargled and spit out water then stood up straight and took a deep breath in and out. She turned off the faucet and faced Chaos. "Can you do me a favor?" she asked "It depends on the favor" he replied. Sally breathed in and out slowly then asked "can you keep him safe?" this caused Chaos to looked puzzled "Sally, his life wont be normal, safe isn't exactly normal amongst Demi-Gods, Percy's life would be more dangerous because of his godly heritage." "Just please promise me, for my own sanity. I get that Percy is different because of Poseidon and that he wont be a normal child but please, as a parent speaking to another parent. Ease my mind please" she sad looking down with a sad smile He took her hands with his and had him look into his grandfatherly eyes and said "I Chaos, creator, swear to keep Perseus Jackson, safe as possible" the smile Sally had turned from one of sadness to one of hope. "There is a lot to prepare for now isn't there?" Chaos nodded to her question. He looked into the direction of Perseus in Sally's room "I do not fear for him, he will be the greatest hero of them all, better than the original Perseus, Theseus, Odysseus, Achilles, he will be the best of them all combined. For that you have my reassurances" he looked back down at Sally, "now it is time for me to leave, you know of the danger and what he must become. Now I just hope what I see doesn't have any complications. Like I said, I am old but I did not foresee the weapon you had. I hope my eyes haven't missed something" "Goodbye Sally Jackson, Mother of the hero Perseus Jackson." Sally nodded "Goodbye Chaos, hope all will be well" "Me too child, me too" And with that he vanished. Sally stood there in the kitchen and capped the bottle, which she drank from and tossed it in the garbage. She turned back to the table and found Anaklusmos resting in pen form next to her mug. She pocketed the pen and threw the liquid from the cup into the drain and rinsed out the cup and walked away from the kitchen to her bedroom. She looked down on to her sleeping son and a silent tear slipped from her eye. Kneeling down she looked at him from the bars of the crib and smiled as more tears escaped her. Some from sadness to his fate, some from happiness that he would possibly live till she was old and grey. "My little Perseus, so strong and brave without even taking your first step" her heart broke for a quick second but mended itself "I Love You" she finally broke down No matter what she told herself, she would always know. If Percy were to die (gods forbid) It would be on the battlefield