with Perseus Jackson, Son of Poseidon. Chiron nearly had a heart attack. "What in the name of Zeus happened to you too!" he said, choosing to focus on their injuries more than their current position. She nonchalantly got up and helped Percy up, then smacked him on the back of the head. "Kelp for brains here was being followed, a Minotaur somehow kept his sword from reappearing back into his pocket" and Percy just rubbed his head and agreed. This news was disturbing to him "Spread out all of you" he motioned to the camper's "Search only! We have an immortal in the vicinity! And until I see who it is it is too dangerous to engage, just spread out and search, shoot up a flare once you've found anything suspicious" they nodded and spread out to look. Percy watched in confusion. "Wait what do you mean there's an immortal near by? I fought the Minotaur and my sword came free, he somehow trapped my sword. It's all done with" Chiron shook his head "Percy, the Minotaur may have the ability to resurrect himself from Tartarus, but that is the limit of his magical ability as a monster. The Minotaur shouldn't have been able to magically bind your sword like Ares can. And he can't be here because harming you would mean an act of treason against your father, who Ares fears. He wouldn't be able to just do that." He looked around. He then sensed a great power near by, one so old it felt so much different than the presence his Father Kronos or any of the Olympians can make combined. Chiron turned towards the forest where he sent the Campers and blew on a horn and yelled "Retreat! Now! Back to the Camp at once!" he turned to Thalia and Percy and motioned for them to get on. "Hurry we must get back behind the borders quick." Percy helped Thalia sit onto Chiron and then she turned to help pull him up, once on Chiron raced to camp with the campers following him. Percy wrapped his arms around Thalia's thin waist, more and more under different circumstances they were getting so close, he liked it, but you wouldn't hear him admitting it anytime soon. As they rode back one of Thalia's hand held his arm that was wrapped around her. She leaned back against him and yawned. The Morning sun made her pale complexion look a shade darker, still stunning. He took his eyes off her and looked around, wondering just how far he actually was into the forest. But it wasn't long till Chiron broke the tree line and made a beeline for the camp infirmary. "You two should check yourselves and get patched up" he ordered. "Chiron I'm fine" Percy said but then he felt all the pain crash on him, the adrenaline must've kept his body from feeling everything. He was paying for his battle dearly, his back was on fire and the arm his shield was on felt numb. Thalia jumped down and helped Percy from landing on his face as he tried to get down. She hissed in pain and clutched her side, probably a bruised rib from when Percy was thrown into her. "Sorry about being thrown into you" she rolled her eyes but chuckled, "Oh fish boy you got a lot to learn, getting hit by the enemy is bad-" she started walking to the infirmary and paused at the door before she opened it and looked back it him "-try and refrain from being hit okay?" she laughed and winced and let out a small "oooow" and went inside. Percy had a huge grin "Whatever you say Pinecone face" and he started walking to the door. He reached to open it but he felt a familiar presence. A sort of tickling on the back of his neck. He looked back towards the forest tree line and scanned it. There, unseen by anyone else. Was a man standing in a suit and a black overcoat. His hair messy and his stubble dirty, in his hand was a steaming blue mug. He nodded to Percy and raised his mug in a toast then took a sip. And even though he was far away Percy could hear him clear as day. "You passed the test Perseus, with flying colors. Well done," his raspy voice said Then he vanished. Percy searched the tree line again for him but couldn't find him. How did he know his name he wondered. Something in him told him he shouldn't worry, but he knew that when anyone uses his first full name that they mean business. He couldn't help himself from feeling a tiny bit scared. "Hey seaweed brain! What are you waiting for?!" Thalia yelled at him from the infirmary door making him jump. "Gah Thalia why must you scare me" he muttered while turning to look at her. She walked to him with a grin and said, "Well maybe I'm your worst nightmare fish boy" and chuckled. Percy could only think about how she was the exact opposite to that. She grabbed his hand and walked him to the infirmary, "Come on, and let's see what the Apollo boys can do to fix you up, maybe they can fix that brain dead thing you call a head" she laughed Percy smiled. He never thought he would like Thalia so much after this morning. Especially after shocking him and running away, but then again she was hurt by the news he gave. He looked back at the tree line quickly and back at the sight of Thalia leading him by hand. He couldn't help but smile and feel excited. Earlier this morning he was so worried about the prophecy and the future, but something about the man in the overcoat and Thalia made it all the more bearable. So for now, he wouldn't worry. He would enjoy all the down time he had. Hopefully with Thalia.