Tattoo. Her jaw dropped as she gasped as the sight. "No way." She breathed. "Annabeth, You need to get back into real clothes and go back to his house now!" I paused, unsure if that was a good idea. "I don't know," I began. "Lucky for you I do know." Rachel cut me off. "So get dressed and I'll drive you over." And so about thirty minutes later I was once again standing on the Jackson's door step as Rachel ringed the door bell. This time though it was Percy that answered. "Sorry but the party ended a little while ago." He said before he had even opened the door enough to look out. Once he had he froze. "Oh, hay! Sorry didn't see you two, come on in!" He smiled wide at au as he let us in. "Rachel said she was coming back but she didn't say she was bringing you." He said to me. "I'm glad you came back." He was giving me a small smile that made me wonder if he had seen his Tattoo yet. "She just got some shocking news and wanted to talk about it." Rachel said. Percy frowned. "What news?" He asked me. "Is every thing all right?" I shrugged. "My tattoo has a name in it." I began. "I found out when I got home." His face looked like a deflating balloon. "One of the people at the party?" He asked in a quiet voice. "Kind of." I began, feeling very awkward. "Who?" He cut me off. "Who is it?" He looked kind of hurt and desperate which only server to make me want to do any thing to make him feel better. I wasn't very good with social stuff but I could tell he was this way because of something I said. Was it the soul mate thing? Did he not see his and now thinks I'm talking about some one ells? I couldn't bring my self to say it out loud; the words were caught in my throat. So I just shrugged off my jacket to show him the Tattoo that was visible to the left of my collarbone below the tank top strap. The strap was barely touching the edge of the ring so it didn't block his view of it. His face just froze in wonder as he stared at me. Then his face lit up in a huge smile. "So, you and me?" He asked. I shrugged. "I guess so." I answered, feeling very awkward. Rachel was quiet this whole time up until now. "Will you show us yours?" She asked him. Percy just frowned at her, put off by the request. "Please?" I asked him. This time he nodded and turned around. He then hiked up his shirt to reveal the small of his back with "Annabeth Chase" Written in curvy handwriting on it, the small circle surrounding it. "I don't really know where to go from here." Percy said at last, as he dropped his shirt and turned around to face me. "Go from where?" Sally asked as she entered the room with a plate of blue cookies. Why blue? I wondered as Percy rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly. As he spluttered to try and explain, Sally offered me a cookie. When I reached for it her eyes bugged out of her head. I was confused until I followed her gaze to my left shoulder. All talking in the room went dead at that moment. "Percy," Sally began. "Turn around right now." He looked hesitant but did as he was told. His mother then lifted the back of his shirt to check his Tattoo. Her face went through many emotions in the next few seconds. Shocked. Realization. Disbelief. And then Joy. She spun around on the spot, dropped the cookies, and hugged me. It was a tight hug but it was nice. She then turned to Percy who was now facing us again. "You better be good to this girl." She warned him. He chuckled lightly. "Don't worry mom." He said. "I will." I shot him a smile as Sally let go of me. "Have you told your parents yet?" Sally asked me. I shook my head. She gave me a sweet smile. "Then put your coat on and I'll take you and Percy to your house." She said. Twenty minutes later I was standing, holding hands with, Percy on my front porch as Sally rang the doorbell. Rachel had said she needed to go home but I knew she just wanted to get away before the fireworks that are my family, went off. "Hello?" Answered a groggy version of my father. "Annabeth? What's going on?" "Hi dad," I began. "This is Percy and um…" It was still weird to try and say it out loud. "Annabeth it's two in the morning." My father cut me off. "Can't this wait?" I was about to say yes when Sally spoke. "I think it's best to discus it now." She said. "Before to much time passes." My father frowned at her for a second. "Who are you?" He asked her. "I'm Sally Jackson, Percy's mom." She answered as my father's face dropped. "What the hell did you do, Annabeth?" He demanded. "Nothing." I responded. "Annabeth." He warned. "She didn't do anything." Percy cut in. He must have been nervous, meeting my father, but he still stood up for me. My father paused after Percy spoke. "So why am I meeting your friend at two in the morning?" My father asked, clearly exasperated. "His name is in my Tattoo." I answered quietly. My father froze in shock. "What?" He asked. I pulled my jacket off my left shoulder and showed him the tattoo. The rest of the night was really awkward but not quite as bad as the next day would be. A MESSAGE FRIM THE AUTHOR: Well? If you want me to continue then post a review. The more reviews the faster I update.