What even? "Oh. Okay." I felt myself mumble, ending the conversation with the tiny brunette. She raised her eyebrows apologetically as she walked back to her partner. That was...something. And it was not good. As I was washing my hands, more than ready to go home and cry/sleep/read/watch movies, the next thing that brought me to my fame happened. Splat. There was something cold in my hair. Cold and wet and sticking in it. I slowly reached up to pick a bit of a cube of liver out of my copper locks. Liver. My stomach lurched. Liver. It smelled. LIVER. I ran over to the trash and promptly puked. First time I've ever thrown up at school? When I found out that a sandwich made for me had bunny in it in third grade. But this was a first. It was intentionally done to make me upset. The teacher was running all over the place, trying to see who threw it. He found that our piece was missing, and since Owen wasn't there, he couldn't do anything but accusingly glare at random people in our class. A smug smile from Drew let me know that it had not been a mistake. I was seething, and somewhere in my mind I found myself thinking that the liver could have cooked with the amount of steam I needed to lose. She looked at me, mouthed something, then gave an exaggerated wink and a dazzling smile. She was beautiful, but that was like the pretty colors on a deadly spider. The kind that would eat it's parents. That spider. Ugh I hate that girl. One of her friends, a girl named Leslie, brushed past me, mumbling "You should avoid Drew's crushes. It will be better if you do." I looked back at her, but she was already past. Then I thought for a minute. Who had I not avoided? Owen? No, he was her ex. Percy? Oh god. Percy. That's why she did that, to get back at me for 'stealing' Percy from her. I walked out of the room after trying to get the liver out over the sink, and ran to the limo that my dad paid to pick me up every day, hoping to make up for not being around at all. I coerced the driver, my personal butler named Eddie, to park it half a mile from school, so no one would know it's me. Stupid? Yes. An idea I got from Princess Diaries? yes. But effective? Very. So that was the plan. I raced there and only noticed the hot tears on my face when I felt them reach my lips. I'm so done. The thought repeats itself in my mind as I cry in the backseat, and when I rip my backpack off, throw it into our living room, and run to my shower. It was too silent for me to sob like I wanted, since no one was home but me and Eddie. He was probably outside, flirting with the gardener. So it was just me in a 4 story mansion. I'm done with this. Done. Now, I've contemplated suicide before, like so many others. But I have so much more to live for, you know? I can't rob myself or my father the chance to walk down the aisle. I can't take experiences away from myself or memories away from others. So that's out. I have a terrible pain tolerance, for stubbing my toe almost makes me cry as I swear passionately. So what do I do? I really need a friend right now. I contemplate calling my childhood friend Frank, who I went to camp with, but he always gets so sad that I'm upset that I just feel guilty. Plus, last I talked to him, his grandmother was taking away his phone, and he wanted to alert me. But an idea formed in my head. What if it's not a person at all? Just pretend to talk to someone. I ran to the stairway that went up to the attic. It was filled with expensive toys that I wanted to donate, but my dad wanted to keep, since he didn't take many photos at the time after my mom left. It was a bit haunting, nostalgic, and like most attics, kinda creepy. I grabbed an oversized teddy bear and ran back down to my room. I looked at it for a second before starting. "Dear bear. I've had a rough day." I start, but don't finish. It was smiling at me! How dare he? Then I gained control of my mind. The smile was sewed on. In an empty house with no one listening to me but my bear, I felt a little nuts, too nuts to continue. But another idea came to mind. How about I talk to people, but they don't have to listen? I'm not crazy if I do this! I open my laptop and type out .com really quickly. And there. I make a new account, because it's a new idea, you know? And I record myself. I start talking and don't stop. I cry, I laugh, I tell funny stories, I tell jokes that I laugh alone about, I dance around my room to the ringtone that means my father's calling. I spill everything. How cute I think the new kid is? Hella. How much I want to match Percy with someone perfect for him since that's the only thing he doesn't have and the only thing I'm good at, tell about my reaction to… well… everything. It is the kind of stuff I would tell a best friend. All these secrets. Some of the words tumble out without my notice. Things I haven't admitted to even myself. It lasted about an hour. It was freedom I felt as I posted it to an account with my real name on it. It was the real me, so why hide it. And it's not like anyone would see me.