of Percy's ass, watching his gapping hole clench at nothing, practically begging to be filled again. Jason slicked his cock up and rubbed the head of his erection at Percy's hole before with one smooth thrust he was fully inside of Percy, both of them groaning loudly from the action. Jason gripped Percy's hips tightly, sure to leave bruises behind and that made his cock twitch inside of Percy. "Master." Percy groaned out, fingers clutching at the chains that were holding his arms up above his head. "Fuck, how are you so tight still after everything?" Jason grunted as he pulled his hips back before he snapped them forward, going deeper. "Damn you both look so good like this." Nico moaned as he palmed his own cock, slicking it up with lube and pre-cum. "Just going to watch then?" Jason asked with a smirk as he snapped his hips forward again, earning a whine of pleasure from Percy. "Like hell I am." Nico growled and caressed Percy's firm ass before he smacked the skin a few times, watching as the skin turned red under his fingers. "Come on then." Jason challenged, stilling so he was inside of Percy and he reached down to pull Percy's tingling ass cheeks apart. Nico adjusted his balance and pressed the head of his erection against Percy's hole. Percy let out a loud cry as Nico pressed inside of him, his lover's cocks rubbing against each other inside of him. Percy had never felt so full in his life and he was on cloud nine. "Damn you really like this don't you slave?" Nico whispered as he bit down on Percy's shoulder when Percy started to rock himself forward and backwards, trying to get his Dom's to fuck him, his own cock straining painfully against the cock ring now. Percy couldn't form words to answer his Dom when Jason rolled his hips. "He's such a horny slave, I bet he would love to stuffed full with our cocks all day if he could." Jason leaned down and tugged on Percy's nipples between his teeth making him give hitching gasps. "Look at him, he just got tighter at the very idea." Nico grunted as he felt Percy's walls clench him and Jason tighter. Jason grinned wolfishly at Nico and the two started to thrust in and out of Percy in sync, their cocks rubbing against each other and sending Percy further into his subspace, limbs starting to go limp in his restraints and head loll backwards as he swung in the air just from the force of his lover's fucking into him. He felt a trickle of drool trail out of the side of his mouth as he was fucked senseless, his mind was a mess and his nerves were on fire with pleasure. Suddenly burning hot white pleasure covered his senses when he felt pressure on his cock release and he came harder than he ever had before with a scream. He clamped down hard on his Dom's cocks and he let out a hoarse moan at the warm sensations as they came within him, filling him up with their cum. Percy hung there limply, barely noticing as he was gently lowered onto the bed, feeling empty and warm liquid sliding down his thighs out of his throbbing ass. He felt hands on him, massaging his limbs as the cuffs were removed from his ankles and wrists. Mouths and tongues were on his skin but Percy couldn't tell where anymore, he was floating. "What's your name?" Nico whispered in Percy's ear as he licked up the column of their lover's neck. Percy let out a soft groan, unable to comprehend what was asked of him and Nico grinned happily. "He's exactly where he wanted to be." Nico reported in a whisper to Jason who was cradling their Sea Prince in his arms, stroking his hair back out of his face and caressing his relaxed features. "Forgo a bath today, I don't want to risk him dropping." Jason whispered back and Nico nodded as he wet the washcloths he collected with warm water and set to work on cleaning their beautiful sub up, kissing the skin as he went. Jason settled the three of them under the covers of their bed, Percy in between the two other Demigods, both soothing and caressing Percy as he enjoyed his time in his subspace. "Mm? Jase? Neeks?" Percy hummed, eyes peering up into the blindfold that was still around his eyes. "Welcome back pet, do you want the blindfold and collars on or off?" Nico asked, stroking the fabric around Percy's neck. "Blindfold off please." Percy licked his lips as Jason gently raised his head up and tipped a glass of water against Percy's lips, the Sea Prince swallowed the cool liquid thankfully, licking his lips when his head was placed back down on the fluffy pillow. "The lights on are low." Nico said as he eased the blindfold off of Percy, who blinked his hazy sea green eyes up at his lover's and a dopy smile crossed his face. "Hey there our beautiful Sea Prince." Jason smiled brightly at the dark haired Demigod. "Hi." Percy said, voice low and raspy. "How are you feeling?" Nico asked as he rubbed circles on Percy's hipbone. "So amazing." Percy hummed happily. "Thank you so much." "Anything for you pet." Jason promised and rested his head on top of Percy's, nuzzling the silky dark hair. "I love you guys so much." Percy bit back a yawn as he spoke, love and conviction in his voice and eyes. " Noi ti amiamo troppo (We love you too)." Nico whispered in Italian before he yelped in surprise when Jason pinched his flank. "No speaking in Italian, it gets us hot and we are in position for another round." Jason scolded and Percy giggled at his lovers before he sunk further into their embraces, eyes sliding shut falling asleep to the voices of his lovers.