does not mean family, Zoe. After all, the hunters are family. Who is to say that in the short time you spent with the boy he has grown on you, the way an annoying little sibling grows on you?" Artemis explains. Artemis would never admit it out loud, but she felt protective of the young boy, too. He was her little half-cousin (technically), and she was the protector of young children. Since Percy was young and was a child, that included Percy. Zoe nodded. "I believe I am beginning to see why babies are . . . delightful, my lady." Indeed, Zoe thought, babies are delightful. She much preferred them over teenage boys and grown boys and just any boys in general. If only it were possible to deage all the boys in the world into one-year-olds when they annoyed her. Babies looked at you with trusting eyes, full of unconditional love. They didn't care what you looked like, where you came from, or what you could do. They were untouched by the troubles of life, still so young and innocent. That was the way little Percy was now. She had the urge to protect him, but she knew little Percy must find his own way. Zoe silently wished little Percy would get a happy ending. Zoe recalled some of the other members of the hunt who had little brothers. They all claimed having a little brother was the best thing in the world. Thinking of Percy and how he chirped in a high pitch baby voice, 'Ze-Ze', Zoe could see why. Maybe she wasn't related to Percy by blood, maybe little Percy would grow to be an annoying male, and maybe he would never know of her visit to him when he was younger. Zoe just knew she would never be able to stop thinking of him as her little brother. On the duo's way out, they saw two certain objects. Zoe and Artemis shared a look. Sally smiled as she entered Percy's room and watched him asleep in his crib. She suspected about the visits, ever since she entered felt the presence of Poseidon watching Percy where she could not see him. Sally left, and when she came back to check on Percy, she smelled the lingering scent of the ocean. Sally also felt a presence another time, and she knew it was another god. She could tell this god wanted to see Percy, so again, Sally left, although a bit worried. She didn't want to come back to find her son ashes, but if this god wanted to see Percy, who was a mortal women to stop them? When she came back, the room smelled like . . . well, books and pencils, almost like a school classroom or library. Sally did a little research and found out it was Athena. She counted herself lucky Percy was not a pile of ash on the carpet. When she felt a presence a third time, this one also feeling curious about her son, didn't eve hesitate before placing Percy in his crib and running out to 'get groceries'. When she came back, she caught the scent of forests, the smell of campfires and pine trees. And just like the other times, something was left on the table. The first time it was a dolphin made of blue glass, about the size of her hand. The second time it was an owl (another helpful hint that the second visitor was Athena) made of delicate bronze (Sally suspected it was celestial bronze). Now it was a small dear that looked like it was carefully crafted out of clay and then painted. On one of the antlers hung a silver charm shaped like a crescent moon. That, combined with the outdoorsy smell, made Sally conclude her third visitor was the goddess Artemis. It looked like Poseidon had started a trend with his first visit. She wondered if Athena, Artemis, and whoever was with Artemis (perhaps a hunter? Sally had read about the Hunters of Artemis. She tried to picture a band of immortal teenage girls in her apartment, but couldn't, so she decided it must have been one hunter since there was one charm). She decided she better brush up even more on her mythology. Once Sally had learned she was clear-sighted, she read as much as she could on Greek mythology, especially once she learned she was going to have a demigod for a son. Sally knew a demigod's life was hard. As Percy's mother, there was only so much she could do for her son. She vowed to protect him in any way she could . . . then she wondered how to explain the little mementos given to her by her visitors. She decide to say they were given to her by some special people. Sally knew about the ancient laws forbidding gods from seeing their children. Poseidon had told her. Sally also understood the unspoken words Poseidon was saying since he visited Percy with her away. Percy was not old enough to remember his visit. Sally was not there to say he legitimately visited. Therefore, as far as Poseidon's concerned, no laws broken. This worked for her other visitors as well, even though Sally wondered why gods and goddesses would want to see Percy. Still, Sally smiled as she put the dear with its silver charm on a shelf in the living room. She would put it in Percy's room, but he had no shelves. Then Sally frowned as she thought about how she might get more visitors. Hopefully Percy wouldn't be incinerated. Review if you wanna share your thoughts, just please if you have any criticism make it constructive. Don't tell me how bad it is, and then not tell me how to improve. That's just pointless, and any flames will be used to make marshmallows. But seriously, let me know what you guys think. I could always end up doing other gods visiting . . .