The girl wore a floppy green cap, like she was trying to hide her face. The boy was obviously her little brother. They both had dark silky hair and olive skin, and they used their hands a lot as they talked. The boy was shuffling some kind of trading cards. His sister seemed to be scolding him about something. She kept looking around like she sensed something was wrong. Something caught my eye, their hair. Oily just like mine. Annabeth said, "Do they…I mean, have you told them?" I think these are the two I've been looking for this entire time. I looked to Grover, he shook his head. "You know how it is. That could put them in more danger. Once they realize who they are, their scent becomes stronger." I have to wait and see, I'm not sure if I'm right. "So let's grab them and get out of here," Percy said. Percy started forward, but Thalia put her hand on his shoulder. The vice principal, Dr. Thorn, had slipped out of a doorway near the bleachers and was standing near the di Angelo siblings. He nodded coldly in our direction. His blue eye seemed to glow. Well I guess he's set on not letting us get near them. "Don't look at the kids," Thalia ordered. "We have to wait for a chance to get them. We need to pretend we're not interested in them. Throw him off the scent." "How?" Percy asked. "We're four powerful half-bloods. Our presence should confuse him. Mingle. Act natural. Do some dancing. But keep an eye on those kids." "I'm no good with Dancing, so I'll keep an eye on the kids." I told them, "Seriously?" Annabeth asked, I sighed, "Why is that so surprising? I mean I was dead for sixty years, you think I learned how to dance while I was dead?" I asked her sarcastically. Annabeth stuck her tongue at me. Real mature… "Let's just get this over with, I other things to do after this." I said impatiently. Thalia nodded. She cocked her ear to the music and made a face. "Ugh. Who chose the Jesse McCartney?" Grover looked hurt. "I did." "Oh my gods, Grover. That is so lame. Can't you play, like, Green Day or something?" "Green who?" "Never mind. Let's dance." "But I can't dance!" "You can if I'm leading," Thalia said. "Come on, goat boy." Grover yelped as Thalia grabbed his hand and led him onto the dance floor. Annabeth smiled. "What?" Percy asked. "Nothing. It's just cool to have Thalia back." She's older than all of us, which means we're only a year away from that Prophecy Chiron told us about. I'm not glad that she's back, only because she's not my friend and even if she was? I still wouldn't be glad. Also...That just makes me worry more…I'm not ready to fight that giant beast yet. I still need to train, and learn more of the god's and goddess's powers, I've learned three new powers in the past six months. But that's not enough. Whatever that thing is…It's going to take everything I have to take it down, or we're done for. Percy said something to Annabeth and then her eyes lit up, "Oh my gods, Percy. At my new school, I get to take 3-D design as an elective, and there's this cool computer program…" I decided to leave them. I looked over to the kids, there were still there, I thought it would be best to go invisible. After no one could see him, I went and stood not too far from the kids, can they really be the other children of Hades? "Nico! Will you stop with your dumb cards already?" Bianca said to Nico, "Nico looked up to his sister and said, "They're not dumb!" Nico yelled at Bianca, well they seem to get along well. I watched them for a while, Bianca was fidgety, the bad kind, I think she knows there's something wrong. Nico on the other hand was as happy as a kid could be, with his big sister here, he had nothing to worry about…He relies on Bianca severally, he expects her to be with him forever, he doesn't realise nothing ever stays the same. It's been twenty minutes the others were talking and dancing, they were not paying attention to these kids, "You two. Come with me. Now." Dr. Thorn ordered, I looked at the kids, they looked scared, they followed Dr. Thorn, "Um…Sir? Are we in trouble? Is it because Nico keeps playing with those cards?" Bianca asked rapidly. The edge of Dr. Thorn's month twitched, "Silence!" He hissed coldly. Whoa, I guess he's done with being a principle. He pushed the kids forward, he was leading them outside, "Keep moving!" He ordered. He tensed up and went into a room with the kids, "What the heck?" I said quietly and became visible. I waited for him to come out, "What's he doing?" I started to walk forward. I stopped short because I saw Percy slowly walking to the room. He opened the door with caution, he walked in. I went to check what was happening, I took a peek inside, Percy went flying forward, and then Percy tried swinging behind himself, but there was nothing to hit, what's going on? "Percy I'm com- Whatever hit Percy hit me too, it didn't hurt me, but it had enough force to send me fly through two solid walls. I slowly got up, "What the hell was that!?" I growled. I looked forward through the walls I was sent through, it was dark so I ran forward and looked for them. All four of them were gone. I felt a gush of cold air coming from the front doors, "Oh no you don't!" This book will always be my favorite of the Percy Jackson series! Anyway, this is it for today. Thanks for reading! And I hope you all have an awesome day! Rilurz~