nicely that she would help us? Are you two close? You could say we are close. OMG are you dating Nyx?! No way! It's just that I have known her for a long time, and before you ask any more questions I am telling you to stop asking questions about me. Okay, what are we gonna talk about now? Nothing. Before he could say anything else I pulled out my iPhone and started listening to my Spotify premium. I was flipping through one of my playlists until I got to one of my favorites and I selected it. As soon as I did that Drifting by G-Eazy began blaring in my headphones. As I listen to it I notice that we are getting close to the Mansion of Night. I turn around to tell Percy and Annabeth when we reach a massive crevasse. Damnit I thought she was gonna get Tartarus to get rid of the crevasse. I was broken out of my thoughts when Annabeth tapped my shoulder. I took one of my earbuds out and she spoke. Is that the Mansion of Night floating in the middle of that crevasse? Yes, yes it is. How are we gonna get across? I'm a just call Nyx and hopefully she will answer. What do you mean call her? The Mansion is at least a couple hundred feet away from us? Why I will call her on my iPhone obviously. You know that that will attract EVERY SINGLE MONSTER I TARTARUSE TO US! Not my phone I say with a cheeky grin on my face. Ugh all guys are the same. You're starting to sound like Artemis, Wise girl. Maybe I should have joined the hunters after all. You would leave me just because urban asshole over here is annoying you? No but anybody would wanna leave if they have to spend time with that doofus for several hours. True I even annoy myself sometimes. You don't really have a say in how annoying you are. I should because I am me and I think I can be annoying. You are just so stupid. I'm smarter than you think Blondie. Oh look we made it to the edge. I need to call Nyx now. I end the conversation and look at my contacts on my phone and find Nyx's number and tap her icon to start the call. I turn back to my little group and tell them she picked up and go back to the call. -Percy's POV- I am surprised we have gone this long without encountering anymore enemies. I guess its Anthony's presence but I can't help but feel that he is hiding something from us. The way he seems so familiar with the area and the fact that everyone either knows him and is scared of him or knows him and isn't scared but friendly towards him. It's kinda suspicious honestly. I wonder why he seems so familiar with Nyx as well. Well I guess I'll figure it out because Anthony just finished his call and is walking back towards us. -Anthony's POV- I just got on the phone with Nyx and she said she was on her way to get us and bring us to the Mansion of Night. I look back to our trio and tell them she is on her way so we sit and wait. After fifteen minutes or so she finally shows up and of course she has to surprise me when she shows up. -Mini Flashback- I was sitting on the ground talking to Percy when Nyx shows up and crushes me in a hug from behind. "ANTHONY! OMG WHERE WERE YOU!" I was just at the bar Nyx "Why did you just call me Nyx and…." I cut her off before she can finish her statement So do you think you can get us to the Doors of Death? "Of course but why do you need to go there? Can you just stay for a little bit?" I wiggle out of her hug and answer Sorry I need to get these two to their waiting friends and close the Doors of Death I said pointing to Percy and Annabeth. "Please stay for a bit?" Sorry I can't right now This is when my plan goes downhill and Annabeth chimes in We can stay for a bit and rest. We need to heal up, get some sleep, and eat so we can afford to stay. "Oh, yay! I guess I will get to spend time with my son after all!" she said bouncing up and down from the joy. Nyx is your mother? "You didn't tell them that I'm your mother?" my newly revealed mother said with a hurt look on her face. No I didn't want them to think differently or be scared of me. Think differently or be scared of you? I was worried more about your sanity. I mean, who fights two titans without a weapon? "YOU DID WHAT!" my mother screeched before she slapped the back of my head. Yeah he was gonna fight Hyperion and Krios with no weapons before they just ran off with Geryon and the monsters. "You young man are in sooooo much trouble. I can't believe you would go off and do that! No sane and sober person would do that." Well at least I'm not completely sane nor was I sober. "You were drunk!" Off my ass. "That's it! As soon as you are done you are grounded and you will be staying with me for a while." Ugh okay. "Oh so now spending time with your mother is terrible?" I didn't say that. I was just being exasperated. Before I could say anything else Annabeth finally caught up with the rest of us and screeched NYX IS YOUR MOTHER! -Well that was the first chapter of my story. I hope you enjoyed and please leave a review. Constructive criticism is welcome and I also apologize (not really) for the cliffhanger.-