must commend them for reaching such a tremendous milestone. He usually carries them when they are still but children themselves. Hazel is still small, but she is hardened. There are flecks of her past in her eyes, the memories of the battles she's fought and the death she once died, but despite everything, they still have not lost their hope. He has seen the spectrum and brightness of hope dissipate quickly, in the eyes of humans of all ages, but Hazel has held on steadfast. She has seen the worst of people and the worst of the world, but her determination lights up the gold with something like sunshine. She will not be ruled over. She will always fight back. Perhaps he should have realized this when the cave collapsed around her, when she chose her own death. Hazel is a fighter and she believes the best of people. She cradles the daughter of Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase in her arms with a softness in her gaze, but the scars on her arms show even the most casual of onlookers the lengths she would go to defend this child, or anyone else she deems worthy of her love. She has not lost her softness, merely gained a powerful means to protect it. Considering the life she has led, it's impressive. Her entire presence has left a mark on him. And Death is not so often impressed. x. It takes him by surprise when he realizes she has a child of her own. A daughter, who catches his glance in passing – brown eyes, not quite like her mother's but alive and curious all the same. Seconds later, Hazel notices him as well, and she cradles the girl into her chest. There's a hostility in her glare he'd forgotten humans were capable of – it's doubly jarring in that shade of gold, as if they're about to catch fire. She has lost nothing of that spunk, and he has no doubt she would try to run him through if he came any closer. He turns, leaving them be. He has no business with this daughter of death, nor her own daughter, but there is an old man waiting for him above the corner mart down the street. Behind him, Hazel does not relax, but he thinks she comes to a realization: she may seem him often, again, but she will know the moment when he comes for her implicitly. But he comes to his own realization at the same time: Hazel Levesque will never go before she is ready. xi. He thinks about her sometimes, even though his encounters with Hazel have slimmed tremendously. It's a good sign for her well being – the fewer opportunities they have to cross paths, the more fulfilling her life should be. She must be – forty, fifty? Time is not so precisely linear in his book. He carries her cousins, her far distant relatives, half-bloods without her strength and stamina, just as he would carry all humans. Their life expectancy has increased, though he has no time to conclude why. It's nice to see so many more of them fully grown. They are less confused and broken when he takes them with a whole life behind them instead of merely a neglected childhood. He wonders what she is doing. Does she still ride her horse? Does her glare still stop enemies in their tracks? She figured out years and years ago how to shield herself from him with the Mist – it's not perfect, but if he were to track her down, it would not be easy to break through. It makes it harder to follow her life as he might have hoped. It might be a small regret of his own to carry. He carried her once already, and he knows he will do so again, but he allows himself to think that perhaps if anyone deserved a second chance at life, it is this woman. xii. When Death comes for Hazel Levesque the second time, she is old. She is beautiful and small, but even at this age, he can sense the power in her, and he can see in her body the lines of a life well lived. She laughs, when she sees him, and if he were so inclined, he might have smiled. "It's about damn time," she says, greeting him like a friend she hasn't seen in years, when really, she's stumbled across him far more than most. Again, he almost smiles. "Spent my whole life avoiding you," she says, without an ounce of regret. "But I know more than most you can't run forever." He has one question, though it's strange to feel the need to ask it out of respect. Are you ready? She laughs again, then looks over at one of the pictures on her nightstand. Seven young heroes, alive and smiling and bloodied, a lifetime ago, but Death remembers it well. He remembers all of them; he remembers the ones he has already carried, the ones that are still waiting for him. He remembers Hazel and her spite, each time she lost a friend, but an increasing understanding for what he does as she grappled with her grief. "I am," she says at last, sighing. It's heavy, but she's smiling, and he cannot help the way he looks into her eyes once more. There are wrinkles at the corners, dark bags under them, but the gold is the same as it has always been, even if her hair has gone grey. They are youthful despite her age, dazzling and hypnotic and still full of hope, and Death does not think he will ever see a pair of eyes quite like hers ever again. The second time he carries her, Hazel is much more at peace. She sinks into his arms with the very same acceptance of the first time, only now there are far less regrets. She has truly lived such a marvelous life.