until next year Ms. Chase, for this year for now, you are stuck with Mr. Jackson." I didn't say anything. I was to mad to speak. Then I smiled a sweet smile that to piper would give her the shivers. "Looks like you have to watch more carefully at your employee's sir, they are not so professional after all" And with that I stood up, pulling Piper with me and headed to the door but stopped when the jerk called me "Ms. Chase?" I turned. "Yes". "Just a little warning, if you think that I am a jerk, and strict? Just wait until you meet Mr. Jackson." I glared at the jerk and walked away. "Have a nice ladies" Said the principal's assistant. I smiled sweetly. "Not likely". I told her. Once we were at hall, I kicked the wall. "Stupid Principal!, Stupid Lady from the gym!, and Stupid, Stupid Mr. Jackson!" Some students were staring at me like I was crazy. I give them a glare, and they flinch and walked away. "Annie calm down". Piper said. "Calm down? I said Glaring at her and she flinched. "How can I possibly calm down if I'm taking a stupid class which I have no interest in, and that stupid teacher didn't even bother to check twice on his list so he put me instead, and now I won't be able to take the class, which I was looking forward to until next year which is great., and you expect me to calm down?. No. sorry Pipes but calming down is so not on my list" "Annie there always reasons for this, maybe it is sign for something, like you were meant to take that class". Piper says smiling nervously. "No offense Pipes but I don't see this as sign." Piper sighs, "I know Annie, but remember things happen for a reason" The bells rings signaling that first period is about to start. "I got to go, I'll see you at Lunch "Piper says. She look at me one last time but stops her expression becoming wary. "You have the look" Piper tell me, I act innocent. "What look?" The look that says that you are about to do something, and make the person regret he or she ever met you" I slowly grin. "Hey Pipes, maybe you are right, things do happen for a reason". Piper looks at me, and then she gasps. "Annabeth what are you planning to do?" I give her my signature smirk. "Lets just say I am going to make some teacher's life miserable." Get ready to meet Annabeth Chase Mr. Jackson, you will regret having a student like me in your class. And there it is!. This a long one. So this is my second story. I am still working on Annabeth the Trident thief, but at this moment this chapter just came to me and I literally thoughts about this now, and then there updated. I try hard to not make this Annabeth similar to the other Annabeth in the trident thief story, but I am failing, but don't worry this Annabeth is going to be more naughty, and trouble maker especially to poor Mr. Jackson. In the next chapter you will see Mr. Jackson's Point of view. Yes. I shipped Percabeth. So it's obvious on what's going to happen right? It will happen, but the romance won't be far later my friends, because right now Annabeth hates Mr. Jackson guts. And Mr. Jackson what are his feelings? Well we are going to find out on the next chapter. So what is Annabeth planning to do to Mr. Jackson? Will Piper be able to stop her? And you guys can guess who Ms. Dare is right? :D If the conversation between Piper, Annabeth, and Hazel were having about who has the most intense eyes bore you, I am sorry. That scene reminded me on the conversations I have with my best buds, in this case two boys. We argue about our flaws, and who does what the most. Its prey funny. I love those guys, so I thank those guys for giving me the idea on that scene between the three girls. Dedication to Peter the Great and Memo. (Those are not their reals, those are the nicknames I gave them) What gave me this idea you ask. My boyfriend. You see something similar happen between me and him like it happen with Annabeth and Mr. Jackson. I will tell you the story later. It is a long story. So the idea with having the wrong class, I thank my boyfriend for giving me the idea. So Thanks my Turtle. (Not his name, that is nickname,) Without him, the idea on Annabeth having the wrong class will never come up. Also there are so many ideas I have for other stories, and that is what happen in my life. I have like seven new ideas, I even wrote the titles. But I want to see who has the most review or views between "Things happen for a reason, and Annabeth the trident thief." I will not remove neither of them, I will keep writing until I'm exhausted and lose my inspiration. Hehehehehe. Here are the title ideas Sleeping Annabeth (Maybe, because I saw that five people wrote a spin off about Sleeping Beauty) It's a high school thing. ( Related to me and what happen in highschool) " Where is Peetah? ( Hunger games twist) " Perseus and the Wench" ( spin off to the beauty and the beast. I love that movie, Princesss Belle favorite! I am you, you are me" ( similar to Secret garden , it's a Korean Drama) " Potter vs. Jackson ( twist with Harry Potter and Percy Jackson) Hidden Names (something new completely, it hit me like a hammer, I was mind blowned) Once upon a time in Half Blood hill ( twist to the show once upon a time) And many more! To the next time amigos.