him in for a deep kiss. Jason was so shocked, that he didn't know what to do. Percy withdrew his lips from Jason's mouth and smiled at him. "See? I think you're really cute." Jason was the happiest he had ever been. Jason did something that Percy had expected, and leaned in to kiss Percy. This time, they both were engaged in the kiss. Jason used his tongue to probe Percy's mouth, causing him to moan loudly. Jason took that as an invitation farther, and pushed Percy slowly down onto the ground. Percy lay flat on his back, smiling up at Jason. Jason sat on Percy's lap, and he could feel something grow hard inside Percy's pants. Much to Jason's dismay, Percy pushed Jason off of him. But then, he just told Jason that they should finish this inside the cabin. — "Wow, he went for it," Annabeth exclaimed as she watched through binoculars as Percy pulled Jason in for a deep kiss. She was with her new friend Drew, watching the two young teenagers making out in the grass. She exchanged glances with Drew and they both smiled, knowing that this would happen for a very long time. — Jason grabbed Percy's hand and pulled him inside Zeus's cabin. Immediately Jason's mouth crashed into Percy's, furiously kissing each other. Percy's hands went up and though Jason's silky blond hair. Jason, however, moved his hand to Percy's back. Percy felt his light fingers traveling down his spine and stopping at his ass. Percy then felt Jason's other hand cover the other side of his ass, and slowly put pressure on Percy's beautiful ass. Jason pushed his tongue inside Percy's mouth, and squeezing his ass at the same time. This caused Percy to moan loudly and cry out. Jason decided that he needed to go further. He moved his right hand from Percy's ass to his the front of his jeans. He gripped Percy's junk through his clothes and Percy's eyes shot open and he gasped, stepping backwards a couple steps. Jason immediately thought he had gone too far, and said: "oh my gods Percy I'm sorry. I don't know why—," but his sentence was interrupted as Percy kissed Jason, took Jason's hand, and moved it back to Percy's junk. Jason took this as a sign to continue, so he grabbed Percy's junk again. This again caused him to make a really sexy moan, giving Jason a boner. Jason took Percy's shirt, and tore it off. He did the same to his own shirt as well. Jason stepped back to admire Percy's body. His torso was well defined, and his sides curved inward perfectly. Percy threw his head back, and Jason started to suck on Percy's nipple. This caused many groans from Percy, and Jason felt Percy's member pressing against him through his jeans. Jason unbuckled Percy's belt and jeans, and shoved his hand into Percy's underwear. Percy moaned incredibly loudly and Jason pushed forwards. He slid down Percy's pants and underwear, exposing his cock and balls. Jason began licking at Percy's balls, teasing him. "Come on, suck it already," Percy commanded. And then, suddenly, the blond took all of Percy into his mouth, his nose burrowed into Percy's pubic hair. He grabbed his blond hair and face fucked him. "Damn, you guys suck better than girls, don't you?" asked Percy. Jason responded with a hum. Jason went back to sucking on Percy's balls, with his wet hot dick still resting on Jason's face. After a minute or two sucking Percy, Jason stood back up. He cupped Percy's ass, picked him up, and moved him onto a table. He placed Percy on his back, with his legs up in the air, exposing his tight hole. Percy's eyes widened as he realized where this was going. "How much will this hurt?" Percy asked, a bit of worry in his voice. "Don't worry, you'll be fine." He took a finger and pushed it into Percy's mouth, where he sucked on it. He then positioned his finger outside of his hole. "Are you ready?" Jason asked, and as a response, Percy took Jason's finger and moved it towards his entrance. Percy gasped in delight as Jason's finger found its way into him. It felt uncomfortable, but Percy thought it was worth it. Jason slid another finger in him, and another, until he had 3 fingers in Percy. Jason then sat up on Percy's chest, and had him suck Jason's dick for a little while to lube it up. Percy could only fit about 1/2 of Jason's dick, but that was okay for Jason because he knew Percy was new at this. Before Jason would take Percy completely, he decided to do one more thing. He lowered himself onto his knees and extended his tongue to Percy's hole. His tongue slipped inside of Percy, who let out a gasp of pleasure. He continued rimming Percy until Percy grew impatient and asked for Jason to just fuck him already. Jason pressed his cock lightly against Percy's hole, and then pushed slowly in. Percy's face screwed up and he cried out softly. It hurt a lot for the virgins to get fucked. But then, his face relaxed as Jason was entirely in him. Jason started to slowly thrust in and out of him, slowly picking up his speed. Eventually, he grabbed Percy's cock and began pumping. Percy moaned and gasped until Jason hit a very sensitive spot. Percy's eyes shot open and he cried out from pleasure, and he blew his load all over Jason's hand, sighing as he finished. Jason was near as well, and eventually, he released his cum into Percy's hole. He moved down, and slipped his tongue inside Percy once more, taking some of his cum into his mouth. He then moved up and kissed Percy, letting his cum leak into Percy's mouth. Jason collapsed on top of Percy, and they fell asleep like that, cum oozing out of Percy's mouth and hole.