you not-so-subtle warnings…what is going on here? You know something, don't you?" "Kind of…" Nico breathed, giving Percy a pained look. "It's a private matter, a joke, you could say…from…from the Gods. I-I…I don't really want to talk about it." "Hmm." Percy's frown evaporated and he smiled. "This 'she' you were talking about earlier, is it someone you like? Is that why Aphrodite left out this food?" He leaned close, so close Nico could smell him, he smelt like the sea but with a hint of humanity, his eyes held a glint of mischief and he smiled brightly. "Were you supposed to meet someone here and go on a date?" "Um…you could say that…" fear and embarrassment made him flush, his cheeks burned and he knew he must have been as red as a tomato. Percy drew away again, much to Nico's relief. "I'm sorry they never turned up, Nico." "Oh…yeah…" Nico gave a nervous laugh, his eyes landed upon a lonely can of soda, it was sat close to hand and he picked it up as Percy went back to gazing out at the waves. "I brought Annabeth here once." He muttered, seemingly to himself. "We went for a walk and sat on the beach holding hands." His face lit up with a smile, it was the most beautiful thing Nico had witnessed, his heart seemed to treble it's speed. He also felt a dull pulse of resentment and anger, he had known Percy would mention his girlfriend, it was a perfectly normal thing to do for a guy who was as obviously in love as he was but Nico hated it. It seemed to sap the tiny amount of joy he had been feeling out of the whole situation, he glared at the drink in his hand and opened it, before Percy could look around he put in a single drop of the potion. His movements were swift and precise and the potion was back in his pocket before Percy turned around. "Hey, is that soda blue?" Nico looked down at it and, sure enough, the liquid inside was blue. He frowned in confusion, he had assumed it was a normal soda, maybe the potion had changed its colour? "It seems so." "How did you know?" Percy asked, his grin widening brightly. "Blue food and drink is my favourite thing, kind of a running joke between my mom and I." He plucked the soda out of Nico's numb fingers and brought it to his lips, Nico felt terror tear down his spine as guilt fused with all his wild emotions. The ground rumbled dangerously as he leaped forward, snatching the drink from Percy's hand and falling on top of him. They struggled a little before Nico pushed himself up onto his hands and looked down into Percy's confused face. "What is going on? I mean, really Nico, you can tell me." Nico shook his head, his breathing catching in his throat and his eyes drifting helplessly to Percy's lips. He swallowed a lump in his throat before forcing himself to sit up, he looked down at the half-empty can in his hand before throwing it into the sea where a wave leapt up and swallowed it whole. "I…I'm sorry…I have to go…" He struggled to his feet, stumbling backwards as panic obscured his thinking, he adjusted his clothes and drew his sword. "This is why I need to stay in the Underworld." He muttered, mostly to himself. "What…because of me?" Percy's hurt expression made Nico's guilt worse, he stamped his foot in frustration and lifted his hand to his hair. "No! No! Yes! I-I…I don't know!" he screamed, causing the earth beneath his feet to groan and shadows to reach towards him. "I'm sorry Percy, I have to g-go!" He turned and made to run into the woods but Percy grabbed his arm, swinging him around so that they were face to face. "Not again, I'm not going to let you just disappear!" He growled angrily. "Just tell me what's up and I can help you! If you're in trouble or-or-" "No! Let me go!" Nico yanked himself free and took several steps back. "You belong with Annabeth, you're…you're perfect together, I see that! I know that! I'm so…so stupid! I shouldn't have come at all! What was I thinking! Ti amo e non posso dirvi, perdonami! * " He looked at Percy intently, his eyes conveying nothing but regret and pain. " Io sono un cretino !*" He spat furiously before looking away, trying to calm himself enough to take control of his emotions but it was hard, there was so much confusion, so much hurt and anger in him that he couldn't seem to get a proper grip on himself. "I-I…I'm going now." He managed to whisper, turning and fleeing towards the forest where the shadows embraced him like a mother's arms. *Basically Nico just confessed his feelings to Percy but in Italian, knowing he wouldn't know what he was talking about. I used an internet translator (not Google, I KNOW that's dodgy) as I don't speak Italian, despite my love of the language. I apologise if I have got this wrong in any form, I hope it makes sense to those who speak it and I hope it's not something really stupid. I'm British but I have tried to use American terms for items such as 'candy' and 'soda' and I'm not used to writing like that so if I made a mistake I apologise (just in case, lol). This is my first (and probably ONLY) Percy Jackson fic, it's short and probably not that exciting but I love Nico so much and I just HAD to write something about him. I will also apologise if the characters are a little OOC because, although I tried very, very hard to keep them in character, I probably didn't do it justice. Anyway, I hope enjoyed, despite my many failings. Any reviews would be most welcome. :)