"Fine. When do you want to get beat?" I smirked. "No time like the present." Ten minutes later, nearly all the Hermes cabin was gathered around me and Andrew in a circle. The usual betting wasn't going on; everyone's stolen money would've been on Andrew, and they were probably right. Andrew was 14, two years older than me. He had the reach of a sword, the height advantage, and the strength I lacked. It seemed like such a no brainer. I was about to get my butt kicked. But I didn't want to give up. I pulled out my knives, one in each hand. Andrew drew his sword- nothing special, but seeing it, even more dread fell down on me. Ugh, and the bruises from fighting with Ethan had just been fading. I could see Luke just past Andrew, giving me the Look: you can do better than that. He expected me to win. I knew it. But he knew as well as I did I was about to get creamed. Andrew taunted, "Going to attack or what, short stack?" I yelled and leapt forward, feinting diving left before swerving to the right, but he swung and the flat of his blade cracked into my shoulder, sending me stumbling, struggling for balance. I looked up and Luke was there, his expectant gaze still there too. You can do better than that. Could I? Could I really? I heard footsteps and jerked to the side, Andrew's blade digging into the grass at my feet. Yanking it out, he swung again, me backing up, but I couldn't for much longer. I'd lose my balance. He swiped again at this time I couldn't sidestep without falling over, and the flat came right at my head. Then, it happened. One of my weird moments where things didn't make any sense, like last night when my hand had passed through my shoelace. Maybe I blinked at just the right moment or hallucinated the weapon or was just out of range, but I wasn't hit. Andrew blinked for a moment, confused, and it was enough to jerk me out of my stupor. Rushing forward, I stuck a knife to his throat. "I win." Andrew snapped out of it, slapped the knife away, and dropped his sword to put me in a headlock. "Hey, I won!" Andrew tightened and my throat constricted. "Then why am I the one holding you?" I tried to pull out, but his grip was iron compared to my strength. Luke sighed and said, "Andrew, put her down." Andrew smirked. "Sure. In the lake!" I shot Luke a glare and growled, "No way!" I didn't want him helping anymore. I wanted to be strong on my own. I couldn't do anything as Andrew led the way to the lake before tossing me off the dock like a rag doll. Face planting in the water, the naiads gave me a sympathetic look: Again? I scowled and came to the surface... to realize my weapons belt was gone (just to be clear, its purely for holding weapons, not holding her pants up). Andrew stood up on the dock, holding it, my knives glinting. I protested, "Give that back!" I swam back to the dock and tried to pull myself up, but Andrew shoved my hands off and taunted, "I get to keep them. Spoils of war. But they look pretty shoddy..." He threw them into the deeper part of the lake. "Oops. Have fun retrieving those!" He and the Hermes kids that had followed retreated, laughing. I dragged myself onto the dock, flopping on my back. Yeah, the camp had climate control, but the lake was still cold. Luke stood over me, arms crossed, eyebrows raised. "So you can totally handle it, right?" I scowled at his quote of me last week as I spit out lake water and sat up. "Yeah yeah yeah, I get it. Now can I go without a lecture?" Luke sighed. "Always gotta try, don't you? You know petty fights won't get your parent's attention." Another problem: Luke knew me better than I knew me. I muttered, "Whatever." Luke gave me the same look as always and warned, "You're never going to get out of here with that attitude." I sighed, standing up and throwing a glance to the water. I looked at a nymph and asked, "Any chance you could get my belt?" The nymph disappeared, then reappeared a minute later, my weapons belt floating at the surface. I managed a small smile and I leaned over, scooping it out of the water. "Thanks, I owe you one." Luke shook his head. "I think you mean twenty." I scowled and snapped, "Did I ask you to count?" Luke didn't answer right away. Instead, he walked up to me, put an arm around me, and said, "Rav, it's time you give up on this." My eyes widened as I pulled away. "No way! I'm not going to stop trying to find out my parent! I don't care how many times I get beat up, or if I have to sneak in to see the Oracle, I'm going to find out, one way or another!" Luke gave me a pained look. "Raven, you're going to get yourself hurt soon enough. You think I want to see that?" My anger wavered. "No... but, I- I still am going to try! Come on, Luke. You know who your dad is. I don't even know if it's a dad or a mom. I'm not asking permission. I'm going to find out!" I hadn't meant to shout, but my yell echoed over the lake as Luke asked, "Finished?" I scowled; why did he have to be so annoyingly brotherly? Before I could say anything, he hugged me, despite my being soaked. "Come on, let's get you dried." My scowl melted, turning into a small smile. "Okay." So maybe the big brother factor wasn't so bad. Translations Péthane apó to chéri mou!- Die by my hand!