second true smile he had ever seen from the normally stern goddess. "We're almost there," Artemis whispered, nudging the reigns. There was a silence between them, but it was no longer as awkward as it was when they first started. It was much more comfortable, and Artemis wasn't giving him critical looks and stares anymore. "So, what happened with Annabeth?" Artemis asked. "We… just had too many things we didn't really agree with," Percy tried to find the right words. "It didn't really work out. We're still friends, though, so it's not all that bad, I guess." "I see," Artemis said. "I should have brought her to the Hunt, then." "Um, no, that probably wouldn't work out either," Percy laughed. "She can be one hell of a fiery anarchist - not exactly what you'd want, Lady ." "Just like Zoe Nightshade," Artemis chuckled. "And Thalia Grace, as well." Percy nodded, as he breathed in the cool night air. The sky was nearly pitch black, and dotted out by illuminating stars. It must've been near midnight, if it wasn't already. The air was rather cold, and was completely silent, except for the soft sounds of the reins of the moon chariot. He felt content, and serene.. and saw it on Artemis' face as well. "We're here," Artemis called, and jumped out of the chariot. Percy followed, and Artemis waved the moon chariot away. He walked, to find himself in a small clearing in the forest, with a handmade bench right in the middle. The scent was of flowers, and grass, aided by a slow breeze that seemed to calm his ADHD down. The bench looked ancient, as did all the trees around him - they were extremely large. Looking up, he saw the probable reason why Artemis had chosen this place - it was directly under Zoe's constellation. It made the place all the more meaningful, and intimate. "So, what do you think?" The huntress asked, her voice soft. "It's really.. wow." "As eloquent as ever, Perseus Jackson," Artemis chuckled. "I'll have to attend to my duties soon, so I thought I'd show you this place. This spot is very important to me, and one of my few sanctuaries. You are the only man who has seen this. Not even Orion has set foot in this place." "Um.." At this, Artemis giggled yet again, the sound echoing off the forest. Percy this time heard it properly, the lilt in her musical, yet firm voice. "I really don't-" "You don't have to say anything, Perseus," Artemis said. "Just enjoy this, gods-damnit." Perseus laughed, sat back, and tried to follow his date's advice. He still couldn't quite wrap it around his head fully. Artemis was his date . "You're lucky that you are indeed one of the best men, or I would have turned you into a jackalope for your rudeness," Artemis said. Perseus took a chance. "If it were that way, you'd have turned me a long time ago, Lady Artemis." "Perseus… Are you trying to test me?" "It's the ADHD," Perseus quickly said, much to Artemis' amusement. "If you are watching, Zoe, I hope that you understand and approve," The huntress looked up, before calling out. "Perseus!" Percy turned, and found himself facing Artemis, who had a strange expression. The huntress went very close to him, her silver eyes warmer than he had ever seen before. She leaned to his ear, and Percy almost gasped when he felt her warmth. She then whispered, "We should do this again, sometime." "Yes. Yes, we should," Percy nodded dumbly, and Artemis laughed softly, before she edged away, and started to retreat to her chariot. Percy almost didn't notice her leaving, "Eh, Lady Artemis, where are you going?" Perseus asked. "My duties, of course," Artemis folded her arms. "I am a goddess, you know." Percy sighed, recognizing the familiar tone that made him feel rather stupid. Artemis raised an eyebrow at his disappointed look, and said, "Be glad that you weren't turned into a jackalope." "Huh?" He frowned at the sudden coldness in her voice. "I still hate men," Artemis chuckled, and Perseus slumped. "BUt as Zoe said - perhaps not all men after all. We'll meet again. I'll tell you when." "What's the bet that you'll show up?" Percy winked, as Artemis harrumphed. "I'll think of something," The goddess nodded, seemingly amused, before her face turned serious. "Perseus, for your own sake, do not tell anyone about what transpired in this date. Not even Apollo - even if he planned for this. My brother is still touchy about these things." "Why would Apollo force you to go on one, then?" Percy wondered. "Oh, that's probably because he finds it amusing - Apollo does love to bask in my humiliation. Besides, he expects me to kill the man anyway," Artemis said this a little too cheerily. "But don't worry, I won't kill you. Just remember - no one must know about this." "That's reassuring," Percy said sarcastically, before curling his lips. "You have my word, Lady Artemis." Artemis showed no reaction, as she climbed her chariot and readied her leave. "And Percy?" Percy perked up in surprise - it was the first time Artemis had called him that. "Call me Artemis from now on." Suddenly, her silver eyes narrowed, "However, don't you dare call me Arty." Percy nodded with a nervous laugh, and with that, she pulled the reins, and disappeared into the sky, or more accurately, the moon... and leaving the poor demigod there, practically in the middle of nowhere. He wouldn't realize it until much later though. After all, Artemis, the maiden goddess, prime man-hater, had approached him for another date. His eyes rolled to the back of his head, and he fell unconscious - albeit with a smile. xXx Am conflicted whether to make this a multichapter, hehe. It's kind of a toughie for me thus far, because I left the ending really open. :) Reviews are appreciated, and deeply listened to.