the Pontifex Maximus. Do you accept?" Zeus looked down at Jason. "I accept the offers you have presented me." Jason stepped forward and bowed before Zeus. A blinding light encased Jason for a few seconds before fading away. "My trust champion, you have served the gods well. I'm so proud of you for becoming a god." Hera looked at Jason with a look of pure happiness. "Next one to be presented their gift from the gods will be my son, Percy. Percy the gods offer you the same gift we offered you when you were sixteen. Do you want to become the god of tides and demigods?" Poseidon looked at his son with caring eyes. "I accept immortality, but I also want Hades and Lady Hestia to be put on the council to make fourteen major gods." Percy looked at Poseidon and Zeus with a look of determination. Demeter spoke up, "I think it's time we brought them to the council brother. They're both children of Kronos along with us." She looked at Zeus with the same determined looked. Zeus sighed, "Fine Hades and Hestia with both be added to the council." Zeus snapped his fingers, thunder sounded and the Hades and Hestia cabins moved next to the Hermes and Aphrodite cabins. Percy had a smirk on his face when he was enclosed in a sea green light. The light faded a few seconds later. "Congratulation Percy Jackson on becoming a god of these little demons." Dionysius said. "Thank you Mr. D. Oh, by the way you called me by my actual name." Percy looked over at Dionysius with a playful smile on his face. "No I didn't Peter Jonson. Don't get so excited," Dionysius replied. "The next hero to get their gift is Leo, my son. Leo you are being offered the chance to become the god of fire. The gods are also allowing your girlfriend Calypso to leave her island. Do you want to become a god?" Hephaestus looked at his son. "I'll accept godly hood," Leo responded dully. A fire surrounded Leo for a few seconds before fading away. "Leo you have been made a god of fire along with Hades, Hephaestus and me," Hestia said from her spot at the hearth. "The next hero to get a gift is my daughter, Piper. We offer you the chance to become the god of charm speak. Do you accept this offer?" Aphrodite look at her daughter with the face of a model. "I accept the gift as long as I don't get made beautiful for a few days." With that Piper started glowing a light pink. When the light died away Aphrodite spoke, "You've been made a god, but I wish I could have given you my blessing." "The next gift goes to my smartest, bravest daughter the one that found the Athena Parthenos, Annabeth. Annabeth the gods offer you the chance to become to the god of architect." Athena looked over to Annabeth with pride filled eyes. "I would be honored to become the god of architect." Annabeth stepped up to her mother and bowed to her. "Raise my daughter, you have no need to bow to me. It's me who needs to bow to you goddess of architect." Athena bowed to Annabeth as a gray light encircled her. "My son, Frank, you were incredible brave so the gods present you the chance to become the god of shape shifting." Ares looked at his son with his fiery eyes. "I'd love to become the god of shape shifting." Frank looked up at Ares to see what he was going to do. A blood red light involved Frank. When the light died down Ares spoke, "Son you have made me very proud of you. I'm also proud of my daughter Clarisse for taking charge of this camp while the leaders were on a quest, so I present her a new electric spear." A spear appeared in front of Clarisse. "Next gift goes to my daughter, a brave fighter and a controller of the mist, Hazel. The gods have decided to lift your curse and make you the goddess of riches." Hades looked down at Hazel with a teary look on his face. "I accept the gift," Hazel responded to her father with a tear rolling down her check. A black light involved her. "Thank you, Dad." "I also have another child that deserves a reward from the gods, Nico. Nico you have the chance to be made immortal and become my lieutenant. You will also become the official Ghost King. Do you accept this reward?" Hades looked over to his other child. "I accept the titles you have presented me." With that a black light involved Nico. "Now it's my turn to present a reward to my daughter. Reyna you have made me prouder than I ever thought was possible. You restored the pride of the Roman Empire by returning the Athena Parthenos to the Greeks. The gods have decided to present you with the title immortal peace maker. With this title you become immortal and you will help keep the peace between the Greeks and Romans. Do you accept?" Bellona looked at one of her daughters with pride filled eyes. "I would be horned to accept this title," Reyna said while bowing to her mother. When she finished a red light involved her. "Well since that's all the gifts we have for today, let's get this party started," Apollo said. He clapped his hand, the music started and muses as well as nymphs came out of the woods and started dancing. Jason started walking away when Zeus walked over to him. "I'm really proud of you, son. You should go and have some fun with your friends, you've earned it." Zeus pointed over to Leo who was running at him with Piper at his heels, they both had the biggest smiles on their faces he had ever seen. This is my first fic, so please no flames.