uncapped riptide and the pen grew into a sword. She huffed and rolled her eyes. "Go!" Percy and Annabeth and the rest of the blue team ran like Aphrodite was chasing them and threatening them with make up and heels. They sprinted into the forest, Percy grew even more dizzy then he already was with each step. Next to him, Annabeth was running and slashing through tree branches with her dagger. They had already hidden their flag and he and Annabeth were on guarding duty. Percy closed his eyes briefly, the memory of the first time he had ever played capture the flag bubbling to the surface of his mind. They had been so young, only just twelve. Annabeth had been taller than him, she had despised him at first. Gods, how far they'd come. "Have you got a plan, Wise Girl?" Percy asked, jumping over a log (which was surprisingly hard whilst trying not to pass out). His throat burned and he coughed a few times. Annabeth shot him a worried glance but didn't mention it. "I'm a daughter of Athena," she panted. "I always have a plan." She went left, towards the creek and Percy followed her, ignoring the growing urge to cough again. There it was. The blue flag. Percy took a deep breath, his knees threatening to collapse beneath him. Just a few more minutes, he told himself. Just a few more minutes. Annabeth twirled her blade in her hand, "Hide." Obeying, Percy hid behind a tree with Annabeth behind the tree next to him, wisps of blonde hair flying out. The sound of footsteps grew louder, along with the pounding of his head. Do not pass out. Do not throw up. Do not pass out. Do not throw up . But minutes passed, Percy realised that he might just do those exact two things. Though, maybe not in that order. Somebody was by their flag. Percy knew it a second before Annabeth jumped out and placed the blade of her dagger against the throat of Clarisse. "Ha!" She cheered. But Clarisse had lots of muscle on her, and the advantage of being a daughter of Ares, the God of war. Percy had to admit, a part of him wanted to grab some popcorn and watch the daughter of the God of war and the daughter of the Goddess of battle strategy fight, but he had to get in there. Even though he was struggling to stand up and keep from puking his guts out. Clarisse grabbed the blade and spun it around so Annabeth's own dagger was pointed at her heart. The daughter of the war God spoke, "Nice try, sweetie. But perhaps you should stick to your books." Annabeth growled, Percy knew from experience that Clarisse was dangerously close to getting Judo flipped. He snuck up behind Clarisse and ran the tip of riptide down her spine. He didn't press down with enough strength to cut her skin, but enough to make a shiver run down her spine. Percy forced a smile to his face., even though the world was spinning too fast and he felt like absolute crap. "Told you I'd beat you." Suddenly, the world disappeared in a bright white light. And then it was back. And then it was covered in yellow spots, dancing and spinning. Percy clutched his head and groaned. He was shivering uncontrollably. It was too hot. It was too cold. Finally, Percy gave into unconsciousness. ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: Percy felt something cold and wet on his forehead. His eyes fluttered open, his headache was instantly back and he coughed. A hand ran through his hair, "Seaweed Brain, why didn't you say you were sick?" Once the coughing subsided enough for Percy to talk, he murmured, "I didn't want you all to worry." Annabeth raised a brow, waiting for him to carry on further. "Or think I was weak. It's dumb, I know. But everyone here looks up to me and if I'm laying here then I'm just useless." Annabeth carried on weaving her fingers through his dark hair. They were in the Poseidon cabin, it was dark outside, the stars looked like diamonds and the sea looked like liquid sapphire. "You were out for quite a while," She whispered, as if she thought the stars could listen to their conversation. The memory of Zoe Nightshade came before he could stop it. She was a huntress of Artemis, like Bianca, Nico's deceased sister. And like Thalia. I can see the stars again, milady. Her voice was so clear it was like she was right her in the room, Percy glanced out the window. Maybe she still lived in the stars, maybe they all lived in the stars. Beckendorf, Silena, Bianca. He was bought back from memory land by Annabeth's soft voice, still nothing above a faint whisper. "Don't ever think that, Perce. You are many, many, many things, but you could never be weak. And if you are sick, so what?" She shrugged. "Nobody is going to think that just because you're sick, you're weak. Whoever thinks like that doesn't deserve the right to know you." She paused, her fingers fiddling with the beads on his Camp necklace. "I love you," she murmured. It was deathly silent, but Percy didn't mind, it helped with his headache. The only sound was the trickle of water as it ran in the fountain in the corner of the room. The room was dimly lit, it made Annabeth's hair glow like a golden halo. "I love you, too." His eyes were drifting shut, finally he would be able to get some sleep. Annabeth snuggled into him on the bed and placed a kiss on his cheek, "Night Seaweed Brain," She whispered. "G'night Wise Girl." One of my longer one shots, over 3,000 words ;) I have read quite a lot of Percabeth sick one shots, so I decided to write one :) Let me know your thoughts! Love you all! *Virtual Hugs* Ro x