side." Percy looks over at Annabeth. "You really don't play fair all that often." "Oh, shut up," she replies cheerfully, kissing him on the cheek. "You're hardly one to talk." The door's wide open, and a handful of people walk by, poke their heads in, but none so ominously auspicious as Sister Bethany herself; if the three of them hadn't been demigods with sharpened senses, they might not have noticed her standing there, hovering silently in the doorway with an unreadable expression on her face. "Sister Bethany," Annabeth says, a bit formally despite the year under her watchful eye. Or maybe because of it. But there aren't any rules about who is or who isn't allowed over at the end of the year, when moving out is the priority above most else, so she knows she isn't in any danger of actually getting in trouble (at least during daylight hours). Percy and Piper awkwardly shuffle behind her, as if trying to disappear into the room, and the nun squints at them briefly (recognition of both of them clear as day in her face) before turning back to Annabeth. "I see you're almost ready to move out." She bites back on the urge to make some sort of sarcastic remark of obviousness, opts for a nod instead. "Off to camp for the summer." "Ah, yes," the nun says, because even if she doesn't know what Camp entails, exactly, Annabeth's academic record shows she spent a good portion of her life attending year round. "You've filled out your application to return to us next fall?" "That's the plan," she says. Barring any more sudden great prophecies or quests halfway across the world. Or worse. She doesn't really want to think about the worse right now though and let it ruin her day. She's already been accepted back, at any rate, despite her blatant flouncing of half the rules. She's pretty sure the nuns know she's had Percy (and others, namely Piper or Rachel) come crash overnight, but no one's actually been caught red-handed. It just puts her on their radar at a higher level, makes her step up her game. It's kind of fun, sometimes. "I do hope your senior year will prove a better experience for all those involved." Annabeth isn't really sure if that's supposed to be a compliment or insult, but she's days away from heading back to Camp Half-Blood for summer, so there's not too much that can damper her mood. She smiles brightly. "Well, these are supposed to be the best years of our lives, right? I'll do my best." She hears Percy snort behind her, then grunt, presumably because Piper's elbowed him in the side. Sister Bethany casts a pointed look in both of their directions, and Piper gives the nun a most innocuous look, but Percy just fidgets awkwardly; he's never dealt well under any kind of scrutiny, and Annabeth half expects him to come up and kiss her on the cheek in retaliation. "Don't forget to check out when the time comes and drop off your key as necessary." "I've got it all under control, Sister Bethany." She makes a 'hmph' sort of sound, because Annabeth Chase having things under control is something not even the nun herself can really disagree with. "Good luck, Miss Chase, and do try not to get into too much trouble this summer." "You should know by now I can't make a promise like that," she grins. She can't help it, not after the year she's had running underfoot this nun. The nun sighs and makes to leave without another word, but it's about standard to their usual level of interactions. "Don't worry, Annabeth," Piper chimes in. "I'm sure you'll get into plenty of trouble this summer." She turns back to them both. "Hopefully just the kind where harpies are the only thing to worry about." "Ugh, tmi," Piper mock-groans, and Annabeth punches her lightly in the arm as Percy's cheeks tint a reddish hue. "No more late night snack runs for you," she warns gravely. Piper holds a hand over her heart. "I'm crushed. I suppose there's always Leo." "Not if you're looking for subtle." They go back to packing, taking a break around dinner to order a pizza, and Percy eats three slices before he even realizes it, going in for a forth before Annabeth remarks he could use a lesson on sharing. By the time it gets dark, her room's just about packed away, save for the sheets and pillow on the bed, which she needs for tonight, since move out is first thing in the morning. They've arranged for Argus to come up with the van, and Annabeth doesn't care if it might be considered special circumstances or even special treatment. She's pretty sure she deserves it. Piper and Percy leave again at the same time, and both of them (along with Sally and Paul) are coming over again tomorrow to help her transport the boxes. Percy finished up his own semester at Goode a few days earlier, but it hadn't even occurred to him to head out to Camp without her. It's his home and her home, but being together is another kind of home, one she's pretty sure they're both beginning to prefer, no matter where they end up. Percy, however, does a roundabout, and comes back in through the window. Annabeth has no idea what her rooming situation will be like next year, but it feels like a good way to end her last night in here, a few extra hours with him; they spend it mostly talking about plans for the summer, and she almost asks him to stay over – but she needs one more night for herself, in her own space, so she kicks him out around one in the morning. Besides, they have the whole summer ahead of them, and she thinks she'll personally kick the gods in the face if they don't get it. originally on ao3