Piper replied when I asked where the Athenian was. She moved a piece on a checkered board, taking one of Perseus' own. Rachelle was watching with only mild interest. Katie was the councilor of the children of Demeter, Goddess of farming, bartering, and fairness. "Sorry! Sorry!" Annabeth called out to us running towards us with a grin on her face. She was dressed much like Piper: shirt, though less form-fitting, vest, leggings, boots, dagger, and hair all the same. She had no sword to use, however. Across her neck, almost hidden, was a necklace which could allow the wearer to turn invisible at will. At her side was a satchel, stuffed with… something. Each of us had one, but Annabeth was the only wearing hers. "I was able to get these." She reached into said satchel and withdrew a canteen with a gold-tinted, but otherwise clear, liquid, and a pouch of mutlicoloured flakes. "Nectar and ambrosia?" Piper asked. Annabeth nodded, confirming what we all knew. The two items were worth more than nearly anything else in the town, as they were the food and drink of the gods themselves. Few people outside of Apollo or Demeter kids had the healing items, as they were medics and creators of the stuff, respectively. To mortals, these were instant death, and it would be to a demigod that ate or drank too much, but in small, rationed amounts, these two items could heal nearly any wound, as long as it was not life-threatening. "Well, then, why wait until tomorrow?" Rachelle asked. We looked at her, then around at each other. Shrugging, we agreed. All of us standing, I got my first good look at this so-called Oracle. Rachelle was dressed in a free-flowing dress that reached her ankles. She wore well-built sandals, not terribly different to the ones that the Olympians were thought to wear. She had a quiver on her back with an unstrung yew bow, a very light, but strong bow, and a purple sleeveless shirt, revealing muscled arms, much to my surprise. A satchel sat at her waist, just like the rest of us. Perseus was decked similar to me. Simple shirt, vest, and leggings, but also with a sword sheathe on his left hip, bearing no weapon. His belt was not even as close to awesome as mine, merely allowing him to have stronger skin, thus deflecting weaker blows with ease. He walked, as always, with a duality: a great sense of purpose, but also as though the weight of the world were across his back. And no wonder, really. In a foul ploy for power, Atlas had managed to kidnap Annabeth and make her bear the weight of the Sky, and Perseus, upon seeing her doing this, took the weight from her. While Atlas now remained trapped once more, both demigods now had a permanent stripe of grey hair in the front of their heads, a bitter reminder of what they had done. Calls of "Be careful," "Have fun!", "Good luck!" and the like were sent from everyone we passed. Outside of our feodom, we would be in constant danger, and thus our lives would truly be a fight for survival. Knowing this, Perseus led our group out. On the way to one of the only paths in or out, we passed fields of all sorts of crops, mainly strawberries and grain, which we sold to nearby towns and villages. Passing these, we began walking through the Forest. Why it had no real name, I know not. If it did, it would most likely be Nymph Forest, as more than half of the trees were also nymphs, and the lake, deep in the Forest, was home to many nymphs as well. According to rumor, Perseus and his half-brother, Tyson, had built a dwelling for themselves underwater, but neither ever confirmed this. Annabeth insisted that it existed, but in truth, it matters not. No one save a child of Poseidon could reach anything that lay beneath the surface. "Perce!" someone bleated out, having at us. It was Grover, a satyr, who was easily Perseus' best of friends. With odd, goat-like legs, he often had a hard time hiding among the mortals, but unlike the rest of us, he would not attract any monsters, so he had that going for him. At his side stood a nymph, named Juniper, who wore a simple green and brown dress, matching her tree perfectly. We made our way over, knowing Perseus would "have" to speak to his old friend. "Where be ye traversing off to?" he asked, a strange combination of Perseus' accent, and his own, natural one. "A town a fortnight from here, named Diovis. We are to meet a woman there, Lupa, and deliver unto her a missive from lord Chiron." Piper looked at me, questioning once more. I shook my head, silently trying to say that I would tell her later. Really, after living with people like Perseus and Grover, as well as Lacy and Travers, she ought to know and understand their accent. But, alas, such was not the case. I tuned back into the conversation, only to hear that it was concluding. "I doth wish thou all a safe and valuable journey." He and Perseus clasped each other's right arm and embraced. Perseus did the same to Juniper, much to Annabeth's mostly concealed dismay. With that, she roughly grabbed Perseus' arm and dragged him down the path, forcing the three of us to run to catch up. Behind us, we heard Grover and Juniper laughing, deep in hysterics. And thus we left Magis. Author's Note: Most of the characters will have their full names spoken, since they are in Medieval Europe. Also, the demigods come from all around the continent, so they will all have at least somewhat different accents. Finally, the foreign languages that narrator understands will have their translations at the very end. Like this: ετεροθαλής συγγενής- Greek for half-blood Review! ~Ron, the son of Poseidon