Jarrell didn't acknowledge her, but instead looked straight into Chiron's eyes. "Look, Mr. Chiron, I've been thinking a lot about victory, lately. I figure I gotta know about what it means more than anyone else does. And the thing about victory is you can't claim it at the start, you gotta actually fight the battle first. So, if I'm the closest thing to victory that we have here… you see the issue, right? If I join, the battle's done. And that ain't fair to you guys, and it ain't fair on me either." Percy raised his hand. "You're not actually victory, you know. Like, I control the ocean, but I'm not my dad." Jarrell nodded. "You're right, but… look, the ocean is in one place and that's it. With Zeus the sky is just up there. Ares is closer, since battles and conflict can be in a bunch of places, but they can still go either way. What I'm trying to say is, my mom's a bit conceptual than the other gods. She doesn't exist until the moment someone wins, and then she does, and only for that instant…. aw, hell, I'm just rambling here. Basically, I don't gotta try and attain victory, because my mom's got my back twenty-four seven, wherever I am. And because of that, the winning doesn't matter. The taking part doesn't matter either, because it's the uncertainty of victory that makes the game worthwhile. I don't have that, so your games mean nothing." There was a pause while all present tried to make sense of this, including Jarrell. "So you're saying," began Rachel Dare, "that since you can't lose, you can't really play in the first place?" Jarrell shrugged. "Sure, why not. Sounds good to me." Chiron sighed. "Well, I suppose I can't stop you from abstaining. But please at least show up? They really are quite wonderful bonding exercises," he said, sounding vaguely pleading. "Yeah, okay. I can declare a winner, you know? I think my mom'd like that." "Oh, very well. You are a complicated one, aren't you? You know, you're the first of the children of Nike we've found here at Camp Half-Blood. I suppose, as usual, this is your fault, Percy." Percy grinned. "Yeah, but aren't things more fun now that the minor gods are acknowledging their kids like they promised? Like that Clovis guy in the new Hypno cabin." He leaned backwards. "Nike cabin. Heh. Can we make it like a gym? Treadmills and weights everywhere? Man, that sounds awesome." "If sweaty," added Rachel. "No, see, that's the best bit..." Jarrell smiled. For the first time, he realised what it felt like to be a winner. Sure, the actual winning felt great . But another key part of victory was that you got to achieve your objectives. Jarrell had a feeling that things would just keep falling his way for a while. Jarrell had his cabin to himself, for a long time after that. It wasn't built like a gym, although Hermes Cabin insisted on spray-painting Adidas logos on the front door every now and again. Somehow he always caught them in the act. Over the years before he'd come to Camp Half-Blood, he'd grown apathetic with the whole idea of participating in games or sports. He'd trained himself to not care about the outcome, because he knew he'd always lose. It was an entirely different feeling, not caring about the outcome because he knew he'd always win. It felt much better. His mother visited him a couple more times. His second summer, when he finally worked up the courage to ask Karin out (without using the blessing, which would have allowed him to say exactly the right things but not mean anything), it was apparently such a personal victory it allowed Nike to pull both him and Karin into a time stop and start gushing. Jarrell was just pleased she left before giving 'the talk', or asking for grandchildren. As he'd intended, he didn't participate in any of the camp's mock battles, or races, or anything like that. Apart from once – Apollo cabin challenged him, with their blessing to date their sister as the stakes, and managed to drum up support from literally every other cabin. Victory against overwhelming odds was also within Nike's purview, though, and he'd come through without a scratch, having remained in 'path to victory' mode for a full hour and a half. It was worth it, even if his mother took the opportunity, during his moment of victory, to recount her first date with his dad in the name of 'inspiration'. Jarrell wasn't given any quests, which was just fine by him. He'd much rather live a quiet life, and the things he heard happened on Percy's adventures sounded just kind of horrible. Besides, it was far more important for the other campers to grow and learn and discover things about themselves. His hero's journey was done, he'd completed it as soon as he'd won something once. He was delighted to discover his twin half-sisters, both six years younger than him. After her first week at Camp Half-Blood Jarrell had had to enter 'path to victory' mode no less than four times to rein Nanami in when she got over-competitive. She couldn't access the paths to victory, but her ability to be just slightly better than the person she was competing against meant it hardly mattered. Meanwhile, it was an established fact that Sakurako was the only person who could beat the entire Hermes cabin at poker. It didn't matter how they stacked the deck, she was so damned lucky it was unfair. Victory through skill, victory through luck. Jarrell loved them both. All in all, Jarrell was quite happy with his life, with his newfound family. He was quite content to let the world go by, above the struggles that defined so much of the lives of everyone else. Well, unless there was an Ares camper that really needed an ass-kicking, anyway.