like she could burst out laughing in her success. When she pulls over and parks, Sally leans across the middle and squeezes Annabeth's shoulders in a hug. "You did beautifully, Annabeth," she says, with the same kind of honesty her son is so fond of. She sputters out a thank you as they all climb out of the car, and Percy practically teleports over, wrapping an arm around her waist and kissing her on the cheek. "You're gonna leave me in the dust soon, you know that, right?" Annabeth shoves him away, moving to the trunk to take out her bag, but the smile on her face is far from dissipated. "I do that all the time anyway, Seaweed Brain." There's no one else to take her for her actual road test despite it being summer break, and considering Percy is the one who's been primarily teaching her, he's the one who drives her there. He'd asked if she wanted to get in some last bit of practice and drive herself, but she refused, sitting in the passenger seat and mumbling the rules and regulations from the DMV handbook under her breath. When Percy pulls into a parking spot, before he even unbuckles, he leans over and puts his hand over hers. "Annabeth." Her eyes snap onto his, and she can't even be mad at the way his touch calms her nerves the slightest bit. "My mom failed her first test. Lots of people do." She jerks her hand away. "Is that supposed to help me feel better?" He reaches for it again, weaving his fingers through hers. "It's supposed to say don't psych yourself out. Some of the testers are bad testers, too, no matter how good you do. And you are ready for this, I know you are." She breathes in sharply and squeezes his hand. "Yeah. I am." He leans in, steals a kiss, then gives her a shove to get out of the car. Paul graciously agreed to let her use the prius for her road test, and she's been trying to figure out some kinda gift to pick up as thanks, regardless of pass or fail. Annabeth can't remember playing the waiting game for her turn, beyond bouncing back and forth on her feet, beyond Percy taking her hand and swinging it to steady her. She barely even remembers getting in the car when the instructor called her name. She does remember almost every detail of the test itself, every turn of the wheel, every click of the turn-signal. Every moment she thought she reacted too slow, or too fast, every switch between gas and break pedal, while the instructor just jotted down notes and told her where to drive. She's surprisingly calm on the roads, her demeanor focused and precise, but not too stiff to suggest she's a ball of nerves. Then again, she's always done some of her best work under pressure. When she pulls into a stop at the end of the test, she feels like her impatience is going to burst open her chest, wonders if the silence from the instructor is a good sign, or a bad sign. She usually has a good read on people, but the woman sitting next to her is impassive on a practiced level. Finally, she rips off a piece of paper and passes it over. "Congratulations, Miss Chase. You've passed. Your real license will arrive in the mail over the next few weeks." It's all she can do to keep herself from squealing, and she feels kind of stupid for the urge, but she takes the temporary license in her hands with a surge of pride. She looks back and forth between it and the instructor, not really sure how to react. Does she say thank you? But then the woman is climbing out of the car, and Annabeth scrambles to follow suit. She catches sight of Percy waiting on the sidewalk, rocking back and forth on his heels, looking just as anxious outwardly as she felt the whole time. She thinks she probably could have handled it a lot more smoothly, walked up cool and casual to give him the news. But Annabeth bursts into a sprint, her laughter trailing behind her, and Percy doesn't even have to wait for the words to know she's succeeded, rushing to meet her halfway. Annabeth practically jumps at him, and his arms come around her waist as he spins her around in the hug. "I knew you could do it!" he says, laughing alongside her. "I passed!" She only says it because doing so out loud really makes it concrete. The words are out there and can't be taken back. When her feet are planted firmly on the ground, Percy takes her face in his hands and kisses her, simultaneously soft and eager, and she kisses him back a little harder than she meant to. But she can't really help it right now. "You're amazing," he says, without a trace of teasing. She beams, pressing her forehead to his. "I couldn't have done it without you." "Uh, that's a lie. You totally could have." He kisses her again, once. "I just happened to be a pretty good teacher, so I guess you lucked out. I'll take my payment in cash or kisses." She laughs, punching him lightly in the arm, but she kisses him again anyway, thinks about continuing to kiss him, and then thinks they should probably get back in the car before she's retroactively failed on too much PDA. She drives the prius back to the Jackson-Blowfis apartment with the taste of victory and the sounds of Percy's constant radio channel surfing. Annabeth has been nineteen for just over two weeks, and after so many years of wondering if she ever even would, she finally has her license. It's a good feeling. percy learns how to drive and gets his license before annabeth and you can't take that away from me! (originally on ao3)