somehow he can't really say the word Tartarus right now. His meaning is clear, making it unnecessary anyway, but it still leaves Percy uncomfortable. "She saved me, too. I wouldn't be standing here now without her either." It doesn't really matter why they fell – the fact is neither one of them could have made it through alone. He doesn't want to think about the person he'd be right now if she hadn't been there with him. Frederick is still watching him carefully, and it makes Percy sit up a little straighter. He hates scrutiny. Always has, always will. But Frederick finally breaks it, sighing and offering a small smile. "Then I'm glad you have each other." Percy can relax with that. "Me too." It's one thing Tartarus taught him, one thing he holds on to when it gets too rough – they will always have each other, in any capacity. She's his best friend and more, and that's what they do. He thinks about her upstairs, can easily imagine the look of concentration on her face, and how she'd tell him the pizza was in the freezer if he pestered her. "I'm glad you both came to visit. That goes for all of us," the older man starts, in a bit of a topic change, speaking on behalf of his wife and sons too. "I know she doesn't really need this to be a home anymore, but she's always welcome. You both are." Percy takes it in, doesn't really respond right away. "I think we might be ready for a new home," he says, finally. "You know. Our own actual place." They'd brought it up in tangent – the possibility of moving in together, sometime sooner rather than later. The wheres and whens and hows not so much – but the seed was planted, and that was enough. The first step in the future they can share, together, beyond just using it as a beacon to get through Tartarus. It feels real. Frederick chuckles. "I know. Annabeth told me." He thinks he should be surprised by this. All it does is instead make him happy, because if Annabeth told her dad, that means she's been thinking about it a lot more than he realized. "Oh," is the only thing he says, but there's a goofy grin growing on his face. Now all he wants to do is run upstairs and tackle his girlfriend. "Go on," Frederick says breezily, waving his hand, and Percy wonders if she inherited that observational skill from both parents. He shares a look with Frederick, a steady one, and Percy offers an all-encompassing nod. But he doesn't wait, bursting up the stairs and only knocking on the door once before thundering in the room. It's got real potential for danger, but he figures it's worth the risk. "It's outside," Annabeth says, scribbling away in her weirdly seated position on the bed. He thinks about trying to figure out how legs work like that, but he's long since stopped questioning her flexibility. Percy takes a moment for amusement over her words, but then he's jumping beside her; the notebooks popcorn up and she whirls on him with a scowl on her face. " Percy - " He cuts her off, pressing his lips against hers, and she only protests for a second before she smiles against his mouth. "I love you." Annabeth shakes her head. "That's not interruption worthy," she chides. "But it's really important." She rolls her eyes, and he kisses her again. And again, and again, and before long her own foot kicks a book off the bed and he has her tangled in his arms. His hands sweep over her, warm and gentle, and he loves it when her fingers card through his hair. "Really, really important," he adds on, moving his hands to cup her face as she hovers on top of him. Her eyes soften, and he tugs her closer, touching her forehead to his. She's so close, he can honestly say he'll never get tired of this. "Is there an explanation, or am I free to make up my own?" "The explanation is we're definitely, definitely going to find a home of our own, and it's going to be amazing." She grins, lets out a short laugh, and his thumb traces the corner of her smile. "And maybe your family can come visit us there sometime, too. Everyone can." There are a few seconds of silence, where Percy wonders if maybe he said one too many words, but then Annabeth is leaning in and kissing him a lot harder than he's prepared for. There's so much feeling in it, it almost overwhelms him, and if they weren't in the room above her dad, he's pretty sure they'd have kept going. Instead, when she finally pulls away, she's holding his face, holding his eyes with hers. "I love you, too," she says, quietly but no less heavy. It's all the uncertainty of being back in her father's house shoved away in what's coming next. She brushes her lips against his briefly. "But honestly, our first place is going to be crap. We probably shouldn't get too attached." Percy sputters, and she laughs; her laughter keeps up as he rolls her over, and he steals another kiss before looking her straight on. "It'll be ours. No matter what it is. Pretty sure that means I'm required to love it." "You're an idiot." "One day you'll get tired of saying that." "Nah," she says, nonchalantly, but he kisses her again anyway. One day they will get a home, though. When they get back to New York, they'll probably even start looking. And it's funny how visiting Annabeth's old one has helped pushed them to it. Her family's welcomed her back with open arms, but Percy doesn't think she could every really come back one hundred percent. But if anyone deserves it, a real place of her own choosing to call home, it's her.