silver-haired woman gripping my shoulder. Zeus waved his hand and all the others disappeared from their miniature thrones. "He made a vow on the Styx that he would not be able to keep," The old woman continued. "This boy will not be made immortal." "That is understood Lady Styx," Zeus said, slightly shaken. "Very good." She disappeared without another word. "Hephaestus deal with this. Dionysus, get celebration in Camp Half-Blood ready, the two armies should be fine now," Zeus said as he stood up. A glow of light that I barely managed to react to in time later and Zeus was gone. The rest of the gods and goddesses, with the exception of my dad, disappeared in the same way. I look up at my dad as he walked over, limping on his bad leg and shrinking at the same time. "Leo," He said gently, with his hand on my shoulder. "What happened?" The words spilled out of my mouth in a long and convoluted story. I told him of how I ended up on Calypso's Island, how I got off, the promise I made on the Styx, and my plan to use what I can find in Athena's library to try and figure something out. Dad listened to all this quietly. "You should not have done that." "I know it's just that I …" I couldn't find words to describe how I felt. "It's alright I know how you feel. I talked with Athena and she agreed to help," Dad said. "What? When?" I asked, confused. "Just now we gods can exist in multiple places. Come, I have a present for you." I closed my eyes and the air around us glowed gold bright enough to shine through my eyelids. "Here we are." I opened my eyes to find myself in the forest in Camp Half-Blood. From the direction of the camp the heavy bass of dance music wafted over in the wind. I looked up at my dad and he pointed at the entrance to Bunker 9. I heaved it open and stepped down into it. What I saw took my breath away. "How?" I managed to ask as I soaked in the much larger workshop. "I sectioned off part of my own workshop for you," Dad said, clapping his hand on my shoulder. "It has an infinite supply of everything you will need, everything you won't need and things you still don't know that you need. I also pulled Festus from the Argo II and made him in charge of running the place. If you ever need me I'm just on the other side of that door," He pointed at the far wall of the workshop where two small doors stood, one orange and one silver. "Athena put in the silver one so that you'd have easier access to her library." "Thanks so much Dad," I said and hugged his tremendous waist. "It's the least I can do," He said with a smile. "Go wild." I didn't need telling twice. I dashed off into the heart of the workshop to see what toys I had to play with. Athena finished shifting all of her knowledge into book form with a sigh of relief. "That Leo has gotten himself into a lot of trouble," She thought to herself. She crossed the double aircraft hangar sized space to the door that connected to Bunker 9. The open door blared a cacophony of assorted metal ringing and machine anthems. With a grimace she stepped through the doorway into the workshop to find her half-brother, Hephaestus waiting for her on the other side. "You wanted to see me?" Hephaestus asked, leaning against the wall to take his weight off his bad leg. "Yes I did," answered Athena. "How powerful is Leo?" Hephaestus looked at her carefully measuring her up. "Not as much as Jason and Percy." He answered, his disfigured face set in stone. "Hephaestus, I'm the goddess of wisdom. I can put two and two together. He's obviously more powerful than that. Why else would the spirit of the Styx show up in person so say that when so many other ways would have been just as effective." Athena crossed her arms and stared back into his coal black eyes. Hephaestus sighed and rubbed his leg brace through the legs of his overalls. "He is more powerful than the both of them combined." "Powerful enough to demand a forced limiter?" "We both know how much a superiority complex Zeus has. It's the only thing keeping him safe," Hephaestus answered. Prompting a look of surprise from Athena. "That much?" asked Athena. Hephaestus nodded. "Wow." "He might be the only one able to crack Zeus' enchantment on Calypso." Athena opened her mouth to say something. "I'll deal with that when the time comes." "I guess that explains why you've slowed down during the last few years." "Yeah, the limiter takes a huge toll on me." "I'd better show him the library," Athena said. She faced the workshop and cupped her hands around her mouth. "Leo!" she yelled. A head and shoulders popped out from between two machines in the middle of the workshop. Leo guessed that the figure in the grey hoodie was Athena so he literally dropped what he was doing with a clang as the metal bounced on the ground. The demi-god scrambled over the machines in between him and the goddess of wisdom, using them as skipping stones across the workshop. Several hops and skips later a grease covered Leo was standing in front of his father and Athena. "You had called?" Leo said, respectfully bowing. "No need to bow. Come, I want to show you the library," Athena said, opening the door. "Thank you Lady Athena," Leo said as he walked through the door. "Tell me, what do you know about the Dewey Decimal System," asked Athena as he walked past her. "Nothing at all," answered Leo. "This will take a while," Athena said to herself. Hephaestus chuckled.