The only piece of the camp I had a bad feeling about was the fire wall that was supposedly used for rock climbing. I don't really see how that would work in terms of the actual action, but apparently other demigods do it all the time. The medical wing also looked to be a pretty decent size; I'm not sure what that says as far as the amount of injuries. "So, what do you think?" I said softly. "I think it's not the most unpredictable thing in my life right now, and I actually kind of like it." Raffi replied. I just nodded, and we followed Percy back to our cabin. He turned to me, and seemed to think of something. "You want to get a bow that fits you better? Arrows too." "Sure." I'm always up for making my equipment really fit me. I'm not even kidding. I guess I remembered the camp pretty well, because five minutes later, here I was at the weapon forge with the Hephaestus cabin members. One of them did a few measurements, another laid out some kind of goldish brown metal. A girl, the one who measured my arms, told me to come back in about an hour. It kind of figures that as soon as I want a custom weapon, I have to wait for it. An hour later, I showed up, and the same girl greeted me and led me to one anvil. Is that what it's called? On it was a magnificent bow of the finest gold and sinews, polished to a shining… okay, okay. It was pretty. I can't make eloquent sentences work. Even so, I looked at in wonder, and I thought to myself, Wow these kids are talented. Then I remembered: we're demigods. We have supernatural abilities. "So, you obviously know how to use a bow and shoot at a pretty advanced level so I'm not going to tell you much except one thing. There is one button here near the top that will auto-fold your bow into a thin strip of metal about the size of half an index card. See here." She pressed it and the bow unstrung itself and folded up into a tiny rectangle that honestly looked like a phone. I nodded, and smiled, putting it in my pocket. "It's made of Celestial Bronze, which is deadly to demigods and monsters. The arrows are too in fact. They're labeled according to their abilities." One arrow that I pulled out of the quiver had "Explosive" written on the side in red letters. The others were labeled with "Regular", "Flaming" and "Freezing". I pulled the quiver over my head, turning to thank the girl, and she brushed off. "No problem, it's what I do." I smiled again, and left the stuffy cabin, breathing a gulp of fresh air before I continued back to my own bed. I collapsed on the bed, and relaxed for a second. Or two. No I didn't have the quiver on my back. It was leaning against the wall with my bow. I forgot to mention that? Sorry. Anyways, I think I fell asleep, because when I opened my eyes the sky was flashing orange and pink and I smelled roast pork. It also kinda helped that Percy was standing outside the door waiting for me. "You don't have to carry weapons around all the time." "Yeah, well it makes me feel secure and you carry around a sword don't you?" "Well played. Let's go eat." Who knows what got into me, but I ended up sitting with Percy and Raffi at a table. Oh, right. That was supposed to happen. Because we were from the same parent. Does that make us half-siblings? Whatever. It's cool. I followed him to the fire, scraping off a portion for the gods, and went back to my seat to eat. A gray haired girl came to sit briefly next to Percy, and I looked away, giving them privacy. Everyone in camp knows about the two of them. Percy and Annabeth. After she left to go back to her own table, I returned to my food. It really is too bad I wasn't hungry enough to continue, but I tried to anyways. Raffi gave me a look, and said nothing. It wasn't a mean look or anything, but it made me feel like there was something he wasn't telling me. Either that or I was going crazy from lack of normalcy in my life. "Toby, is there something…?" Raffi whispered to me. "No." My voice was strained. He must have known me really, really well because he hugged me tight and suddenly I could breathe like a normal person again. Okay, you know me too well. I am far from normal. Hey, ay least my body functions are normal. Ish. But, yea. My brother can make me feel normalish. Percy stayed silent, looking away. Such a smart boy. Honestly, I appreciated the gesture a lot more than it seems like, although you probably can't tell. So Chiron clopped into the hall, and everyone just fell silent. In a single instant. He smiled warmly in our— Raffi and me— direction and began to speak. "We do have two new campers in the Poseidon cabin today." He was interrupted by some groans from the Ares kids and cheers from the other tables. At a hand, everyone got quiet again. "Do be nice, or at least don't maim them." He glanced at the Ares cabin's table. After that, I lost track of his speech, feeling a bit dizzy. Raffi let me lean a bit on him, thank goodness. Otherwise I would have fallen over. As it was, he'd had to catch me a couple of times. Soon enough, everyone headed back to the cabins and I half-walked, half-fell up the stairs to ours. As soon as my head hit the pillow, I was out like a light. TO BE CONTINUED In Chapter Two See you next time… hopefully.