when Annabeth's slumped against Percy's shoulder, the campfire lights up to the tune of the happy birthday song, and she just can't stop smiling. Leo stands up and claps his hands to get everyone's attention. "And if all you Greeks and Romans alike would kindly make your way for the beach, the Hephaestus cabin has got a hell of a show for you tonight!" Just when she thinks they couldn't possible have done anything else, there's more. She's starting to feel overwhelmed emotionally, drained, but in a good way for once. She and Percy join the crowds heading down, but a slight and polite cough stops them both. "Miss Chase, if I may borrow you for a moment?" Annabeth stops short, blinking up at Chiron. "Um, sure." And she shoves Percy away, giving him a look that tells him she'll meet him by the sand. His tail flicks a little nervously, and one of his hooves clacks against the ground. "I know Camp Half-Blood means a lot to you," he starts, making sure to look her in the eyes. "But I hope you know how much you mean to it too." Her throat dries up and she closes her eyes for a moment. And then she steps in, wrapping her arms around Chiron. She's lost track of how often she's hugged people today - which is weird, because she's never been much of a huggy person. "Thank you," she whispers, every amount of gratitude and appreciation and love for the last ten years of her life pouring out with the words, and she buries her face against him to hide it. "Happy Birthday, my dear. I'm so very proud of you." When she finally makes it to the beach, Percy looks at her face knowingly, but he only kisses her on the nose as he pulls her down onto the blanket next to him. If he was expecting solitary confinement, he's once again mistaken. Piper flops over next to Annabeth, dragging Jason down behind her and chattering away about what she thinks the fireworks'll be like. Frank sits down nimbly, bumping Annabeth's shoulder and she beams brightly at him. Hazel skids in next, smile bright as her eyes as she settles at the bottom of the blanket. She thinks that's all of them, but Leo saunters in with barely any time to spare, nearly crash landing on Frank as the first explosion goes off overhead. They spell out her name: HAPPY BIRTHDAY ANNABETH She really is overwhelmed. She spares a glance up and down the beach, looking over her fellow campers as they party it up in her name, mulling over Chiron's words, over and over. This is her home. Camp Half-Blood means everything to her, and she'd do anything for it. Today is the first time it really hits her just how much they'd do for her, too. The fireworks die off in a final grand display, and the beach empties one by one, until only Percy and Annabeth are left. For a while, they just sit in silence, listening to the waves crash in as the last of the day-long celebrations fade away. Percy kisses the top of her head. "C'mon. I have a present for you." And he tugs her up, snatching the blanket as he walks them both for the Poseidon cabin. Usually she'd have to sneak inside, but tonight no one seems to care. He suddenly looks nervous once they're both in, asking her to sit and wait on his bed. It takes him another minute or so to psych himself up, before he pulls out a box, setting in beside her with a sigh. It's like he lost the ability to speak - a shock, really - the way he just nods at it, and she slowly and tentatively starts opening it. She blinks at it. It's… a mailbox? She pulls it out and turns it over in her hands. It looks handmade - and not very well (the flap is going to fall off in the first bad storm), but there's something painstakingly Percy about it, that even when she asks her question, she knows the answer. "Did you make this?" Percy rubs the back of his head. "Well. I tried to." She doesn't get it though. "Why… a mailbox?" He looks even more awkward. "It's, uh. For the town. The one we're gonna start. I just wanted to… start it?" Annabeth stands up to meet his gaze more evenly, and he fidgets. "It's still only in the planning stages." "I know!" he hastens, grabbing her hands without thinking. "But it'll be ours. I mean, the mailbox - the mailbox is ours. It's kinda like - you know, the first step? Only not at all, because you need a house before you need a mailbox - well, technically not all the time, I guess but -" "Percy." He stops, worried he's gone too far. "It's yours. It's for you. A home, for you. Because you can do it, and you're going to." She doesn't say a word. Just leans in and kisses him, letting go of his hands to grab his face. His hands fly to her waist, tugging her close as he kisses her back with every bit of love he has for her pouring out in it. When she pulls back, he presses his forehead to hers. "Happy Birthday, Annabeth." "We'll have to fix it up," she says, mailbox implied but not looked at by either of them. His face brightens. "But we can do that part together." Annabeth is eighteen years old, and some days she feels like she's already lived a million lives. But tonight she is celebrating the success of just eighteen of them, and reaching this point makes her feel like she could easily do another eighteen more. Her home, her family, is more inclusive now than it ever was. originally posted on ao3 in july, around annabeth's birthday! and thus also written before blood of olympus