her voice, as she's already tapping at her phone. "Yeah." You breathe out, your voice a sigh. "I am. It's time now, I think." The walk to the library, so familiar at this point, seems to drag on forever. You walk the same path as you do every time, the same bench you read Perks , by the house you got drunk at thinking of him, the spot where he handed off your first note, all the spots that will never be the same to you. The library doesn't seem so intimidating anymore. Now, the air is slightly stuffy, but not so unpleasantly so. The morning light shines in your eyes from an open window, but you don't shield yourself from it. The carpet you walk on is worn spectacularly, and the colors blend together so much it's hard to identify any sort of pattern, but it's clean and well taken care of. The person in front of you leaves, and now it's your turn at the front of the line, and you meet Nico's eyes without any (visible) hesitation. Nico perks up at the sight of you, but still looks a little confused. "I didn't see you had any books..." He says to you in greeting, already turning so he could go check in the back. "I didn't -" You cut yourself off, and smile again, trying to calm yourself , and Nico turns back to you, looking even more confused. You clench at the loose leaf piece of paper for one more second before you hold it out. Nico's cheeks color, and the brush of red across his pale cheeks is like the first streaks of sunlight through the night sky. He takes it with slow hands, his eyes flickering up to try and read the emotion in yours. Do you like me? The note read in your neatest handwriting, Check yes _ or definitely _ Nico breaks out in a smile, a full, rare smile, and if you weren't already completely gone for the boy that smile would have sealed the deal. He takes a moment, a short moment but a moment nonetheless, to just stare at the paper, a wide smile on his lips. He fishes a pen - a purple fountain pen, and you're not sure why you notice this - and takes his sweet ol' time to draw the most elaborate checkmark you've ever seen. "Definitely?" You smile, "Good choice. I would have said the same." Nico hands the paper back, letting your fingers brush together. "As much as I absolutely love passing notes like third graders...Do you want to go get coffee later? Maybe when my shift's done?" "Um, hi, yeah, I mean I can totally just cover the rest of your shift." Nico jumps at the surprise voice, and wow, um, you're both surprised to see the small gathering of people, mostly girls - but hey, is that Frank? Cecil? - behind the counter. Jason pops up, waving at both of the them from behind the counter. "Piper? I mean -" Nico cuts himself off, "You got off like an hour ago, it's fine you can go home -" "Seriously, Nico." The girl - Piper - glared at him. "Go. Now. Eat a muffin in my namesake. Fall in love. Get married and name your first kid after me. Go." Nico, still looking surprised, just gave her a wide-eyed look before nodding. "I mean, sure, I guess?" He turned back to you, looking a bit excited. "Are you free right now?" You smile, "Always, for you." You choose to ignore the high pitched squeal from the occupied corner. "Smooth, Solace." Nico teased, but looked pleased. "Let me go sign out." You smile, still holding your note. Cecil, from his corner, waves at you and gives you a thumbs up. From somewhere, who knows, Lou pokes her head around a short curly haired girl clinging to Frank. Nico comes back out, sporting the familiar black jacket and crappy scarf, and smiles at you. "Ready?" You ask, holding your hand out, and you ignore the cheers from behind the desk. Nico takes your hand, a small smile playing on his lips. "Of course. I've been ready for weeks, Solace." You dunk your head at that, a soft blush coloring your cheeks. "Yeah. Sorry about that." Nico knocks their hips together, mostly as an excuse to get closer to the other boy. "It's okay. Next time, just be a little quicker, okay?" He laughed, "Deal?" You smile, so incredibly in awe of the other boy. "Deal." You agree, holding the door open for Nico. "Coffee?" "Coffee." He agrees, dunking out the doorway. You watch him for a single moment, not long enough for anyone to really notice, and you follow him. Years later, when both of the boys have long since moved out of their dorms, and moved off campus completely, they will share a tiny matchbox of an apartment. Nico will always throw his clothes everywhere, and Will leaves thick medical texts in the oddest places. Date night is every Thursday, and Sunday is family dinner with their friends. Sometimes, Nico will look over at Will, studying whatever graduate students study, and his breath will catch in his throat at the beauty of a boy in front of him. Will, chewing the ends of his pens to plastic, or Will running a hand through his hair in frustration. And he'll write about him. And sometimes, Will will look over at Nico, usually reading, occasionally writing, and he'll smile softly and do the same thing. These notes to each other are at least more direct. But always hidden, tucked in the pages of a book, folded in the others favorite coffee mug, taped on the steering wheel of the others car. They keep writing to each other, they always will. And on the wall, in a thick black frame, is a small scrap of paper where the only color is from a purple fountain pen.