wasn't the awkward boy that Leo had poked fun at. In all honesty, Leo missed that Frank. The Roman Frank was cold and too Reyna-like for Leo's taste. He wasn't human. Perhaps that was a side effect of being Preator. Maybe, if Jason had been Preator any longer he would have ended up the same like Reyna and Frank. This was a second that Leo would treasure. Proof that Frank was human because the past two years, Frank hadn't seemed human. "Do you ever wish that the war never happened?" Frank asked, and suddenly, Leo's mouth was too dry to respond. "Do you miss them at all?" Frank asked these questions with a morose voice and Leo had no way to answer. Leo wanted to agree and possibly strike up another conversation but he didn't. Instead he measly nodded and Frank straightened out. Hands at his sides, Frank nodded stiffly at Leo, concluding their buisness. The next time that Frank iris messaged Leo was the day after the conversation. Leo had pondered over night, ready to converse further but they didn't. Frank continued as if the day before had never happened. He cut off Leo from any attempts to speak further on the subject. He kept doing so-only speaking to Leo about work, and eventually, Leo complied. Giving in, Leo never mentioned it again. Though for the rest of Leo's life, he always regretted never telling Frank a couple words that might have changed the way they treated each other. being human is not a weakness. Although, Leo kept living on unlike Piper and Jason. Leo was possibly the only one to read Jason's yellow slip of paper at the right time. It was possibly the most heartbreaking thing to witness as Jason cried at the top of the Half-Blood hill. They both waited all night before they accepted that no one else was comming and they broke out the bourbon. Two best friends, loyal through war and strife, standing on a long since blood soaked hill, together till the end. Thalia kept on moving. Not staying in one place to long, she kept hunting, eliminating monsters, saving half-bloods and recruiting. She was doing good. She was helping. With over forty hunters at her command, the years blurred together. They spend many a nights on magnificent hunts for unfathmable beasts. She hadn't seen her friends in years but that was fine. Personally, she didn't want to see them all that much. So she kept hunting, kept busy, trying to move on. Suddenly it was 3001 and Thalia was an old woman stuck in a twelve year old's body. All Thalia wanted to do was to see her friends but she couldn't. They were all gone, leaving her behind. She hadn't even said goodbye. But Thalia had gotten that far so she kept walking, kept moving on, kept hunting. Thalia led a band of immortal girls, all running from their own demons. She had to set an example. It was another century before Thalia visited their graves. She never found Reyna's grave but Leo, Piper, and Jason's were all easy enough to find. Located in the center or Camp Half-Blood. The same could be said for Frank and Hazel who each had their own monuments in Camp Juipiter. Annabeth and Percy were buried together and that is where Thalia spent more of her time At than the other graves. At the two headstones, she laid flowers and sat for an hours simply thinking about everything that had done as kids. She recounted Luke and her Mother, both of whom she hadn't thought of in litteral ages. And then, when the hour was up, she dusted off her white cargo pants and walked away. In the breast pocket of her jacket was a yellow slip of paper that Thalia had opened, twenty years too late, to meet her brother on the date enscribed. Most girls under Thalia never knew she had a brother. They werent even able to fathom that she had a family. Thalia was the lutement, she didn't have a family. Thalia was Artimis' second in charge, she couldn't be so normal or common to have a sibling (a male no less) or a mother with such a generic problem as drinking. But it was true. Thalia was once normal, not that anyone would believe it. The yellow slip was proof. A constant reminder, as Thalia hunted with her new adopted family, that she had once had a brother, many, many years ago. Hazel was dead. What more was there to it? She was possibly one of the later and unavoidable deaths of the war. She had known she was going to die. In fact, Hazel already was dead. The three judges scrutinized her harder because she had excaped Hades. They picked at her second chance at they. Tearing appart all her decisions and choices Untill finally they opened the golden gate of Elyseum for her. All of Hazel's afterlife previously, she had seen the Feilds of Punishment and pitied it's inhabitants. Then she would look over the other way to the golden gates of Elyeum and wondered what it was like to pass through them. Now, Hazel didn't have to wonder. Lupa and Chiron watched it all go down. They were older then all the heroes and they knew better then anyone that it only ended one way. Anchient or modern times, heroes never had happy endings. Heroes were made, not created, and they were responsible for the fates of millions. There was only one way for a hero's story to end. Tragically. But the world needed heroes so Chiron and Lupa trained and supplied them. They knew how it was going to end. The ending never changed but with every death, every quest, or any change,mono matter how small, a little part of the trainers' hearts' broke with them. All there was left in the end, were the gods, humans, demigods, and the graves of those before. poof.