but now, they were undergoing what Clarosse liked to call 'Chris Rehab'. For four hours every day(usually longer) she would deny his "She won't." Clarisse retorted. "How do you know. He was getting defensive and honestly he was a loyal guy. She respected that but not enough to let him go crazy, mourning and apparently, according to the Stoll brothers, jumping into fires. "Because she's dead." They were in a never ending dance and at times Clarisse wondered if she was doing him more harm then good. "I don't see a body." He was so stubborn. Why couldn't he just see the evidence and think rationally? "but she's dead!"But then again, here she was creaming at a cute mentally disturbed boy. Who was being rational in this situation? Not her. "NO SHES NOT!" He defended again. "Yes she is and you have to stop pretending otherwise." "I'm not pretending, she's just-just a ghost right now." With those last words, Chris retreated back into the corner while Clarisse leaned agonist the opposite wall watching him. She gauged his reactions and knew it was only a little more until the truth would hit home. His defenses were already crumbling. She would penetrate his fantasy citadels soon It only required more baiting. Chris could have said a lot of things to calm the daughter of Ares down. She was a force to be reckoned with but he dared(And just prayed he wouldn't have to pay the price). Battles had gone on and been lost and won. The Titan War was upon them and Clarisse was refusing to help. She had banned the entire Ares Cabin from aiding their Other fellow campers because of apparently, a stupid chariot. Though Chris knew better, Clarisse had a strong sense of duty, she wouldn't just not leave because of a stupid chariot. "Tell me what this is about." Chris tried to corner his girl friend but she was too smart for that and just slipped under his armed. "What's there to say?" she said. She kept walking To the beach. "I mean, why aren't we fighting?" Chris demanded. He would follow Clarisse to the ends of the earth but he had friends besides Clarisse and they were currently relying g on him to bring the reinforcements. "Tell me." he urged again and this time she stopped. Turning around with a tear in her eye(which she immediately brushed off and in the future, would always deny) she said something that shocked Chris into momentary silence. "Because if we go, twelve people are going to die." This was not the time for Clarisse to get all noble. "How do you know that?" he asked and she seemed all to ready to answer. "My dad told me. He said if Ares goes then twelve will meet their end. it was a prophecy." With those lest words she kept a faster pace then him, not looking back. Eventually the two had to circle back to the Ares cabin and when they got there the whole place was deserted. Clarisse's armor was missing and she growled in frustration. Chris knew where they had all gone. Personally she would have joined them and it hurt that they hadn't told him they were ditching. "We have to go after them. Stop them!" Clarisse was almost hysterical as she led him out of the camp and summoning a taxi. Together they rushed down to Manhattan in a matter of minuets but it was too late. He could see the smoke rising from the high rise buildings. People were falling off mopeds and drooling on their steering wheels. This was not good. The sun was bright and shining, it was too good a day for murder but it wasn't up to Chris about that. It wasn't even up to the gods about who would die. It was all about the three fates and they were cruel. Clarisse's prophecy, legitimate of not, would most diffidently come true. Silena Beaurgaurd's crumpled form lay on the ground as the neared. She was wearing Clarisse's armor And that could only mean one thing. As Clarisse cried for the second time, Chris looked away. He and Silena weren't close. He knew nothing more about her then how she was Clarisse's best friend and her name. He hoped that she wouldn't die in vain like Mary. Just to fade away, forgotten. There was a fantastic rush as Clarisse picked up a weapon, any weapon, and charged. Her vision was red and she just knew one thing. That Drakon was going down. In the end, Chris cried and Clarisse stood tall. Suck it up, she told herself but despite it all, tears did arrive as they burnt the fallen's funeral pyre. She and Chris walked away seven hours after the ceremony had ended and everyone had been long gone. She he only made to leave when their friends and comrades had burnt away. Flames no longer licking at their mortal corpses. only ashes remained. And there, Chris kissed Clarisse. It was light and sudden but it was still a kiss. She returned it as they walked away. A/N: If anyone noticed, Degimod (The company that Chris' mom works for) is an anagram. (demigod) switch the 'm' and the 'g'. (the rest of this a/n is just my nonsense rumblings.) There's actually a funny story to go with this. The actual due date of the of the challenge was two days ago but I at that time hadn't proof read(and I still haven't) and also my word count had only been 1.6k. in the instance of being late the penalty is to loose five points so I just wanted to reach 2k to get more points and eventually I raised my goals when I reached 3k and I wanted a nice odd number. if it's any consolation to all my fuming grammar and spelling readers, I do plan to revise this one-shot and replace it some time in the next month. Always writing, -Rrit