at Poseidon, assuming he was the one causing the earthquake, but he too, had a puzzled expression. "Ah," Porphyrion managed to get out after realizing the cause of this phenomenon. "You fought well, I'll give you that, but you lost." I stared at him with narrowed eyes, not entirely sure how this earthquake has anything to do with them winning the war. "Raise mother," Porphyrion bellowed as he kneeled down to one knee. "Alas, the final blood of Olympus has been spilled." With widened eyes, I looked to my injured arm, realization along with panic finally hit me. Even though Enceladus's attack wasn't fatal, he still managed to make me bleed, and without me knowing, the earth took in my blood with great pleasure. The rumbling sound along with the intensity of the earth shaking began to increase as time went on. Everyone was on the ground, trying to stabilize themselves by finding their central balance, and at the same time maneuvering around from the cracking ground and dodging from the falling tree branches. Earthen hands were appearing from the ground, either tossing the demigods around or killing them through suffocation. Some unfortunate ones were eaten up by the cracked ground, disappearing into Gaia's realm almost instantly. Unsurprisingly, the giants were not affected by any of the disastrous event that was unfolding. In fact, they were chasing down helpless demigods who were too busy trying to stay alive from the wrath of the earth. As soon as the rumbling died down, a deep but clear voice spoke up. "I have awoken from my slumber, and to celebrate, I'm going to make everything back to its original state. Forget about the tall, majestic building. What can it do in the presence of nature?" The anonymous voice, which I could safely assume it was Gaia, declared her future plans for the planet. It wasn't as simple as destroying the gods, no, she wanted total annihilation of all living beings, and of course, to give earth a complete makeover. "Ah, and of course," Gaia said in her ancient voice. "I need to meet my special guests." Right after she finished, an earthen hand shot up and grabbed me around the waist and lifted me high up in the air. Next to me was Annabeth, who was also struggling to break free from Gaia's grasp. Even though Gaia didn't have a distinct form, I was still able to feel a piercing gaze staring right back at me, making me extremely uneasy. "I'll make this easy for you," Gaia continued after scrutinizing the two of us. "Goodbye." With a muffled scream, Annabeth's entire body was engulfed by the earth and was forcibly dragged down into the cracked ground, disappearing right before my eyes. I tried to scream, I tried to call out her name, but it was too late as an earthen hand also covered up my mouth. Instead of getting dragged into the ground like Annabeth did, I was faced with a grinning Porphyrion, who had his spear in his hand. As if reading my thoughts, Gaia answered my confusion, "As for you, Perseus Jackson, I believe that my children would like to have some fun with you first." Here she gave a pause, and I swore if she had a face, she would be smirking right now. "After all, you did kill most of them by yourself." Before I even realized, the spear that Porphyrion was holding not too long ago was driven deep into my shoulder. He ripped my right arm off of my torso when he twisted and retracted his weapon. The overwhelming pain that I received almost made me faint on the spot, but this wasn't over yet. The giant king severed all my limbs, while Enceladus was torching my entire body with purple flames. By then, I was hurting too much to fathom anything that was happening, but I did want them to finish this quickly. "Alright," Porphyrion began with a sickening smile with blood tainted all over himself. "This is the end, Perseus." Using my last bit of strength, I opened my eyes and glared at the giant weakly. It didn't matter how much I tried, or how hard I fought, I still allowed my friends to die even after promising that I would save them. I was unresigned! I could not possibly accept this! There was so much that went right! We had been so close, only to be defeated like this!? But in the end, everything fell apart. Despite myself feeling the anger boiling up inside me, there was practically nothing I could do beyond this point. I tried to unleash my powers and my inner rage, but my attempt was to no avail with the iron grip that Gaia had on me along with the loss of blood that was taking a huge toll on me. Porphyrion walked up slowly and paused when there was still couple feet between the two of us. Pulling out a dagger from his waist and licking the tip of it, I knew what was about to come. I was about to die. The giant raised the glittering dagger, ready to deliver the final blow while I closed my eyes, and in an instant, memories and faces of them came rushing through my mind. I thought about my first quest with Annabeth and Grover. I thought about the time I spent at the roman camp and eventually the quest that lead us up to here. However, those memories could only increase the pain and guilt that I had been carrying all this time. They were all dead, and it was because of my inability to protect them. Well, I guess it was my time to join them, and even so, I didn't think I would have the courage to see their faces. My thoughts were torn away when the sharp and cold dagger drove through my chest, and the last thing I knew of that time was pain and darkness.