them! Shoot out thy arrows! And thou shalt trouble them! Put forth thy hand from on high! Take me out! And deliver me from many waters! From the hand of strange children!" One by one, the redcaps each stumbled to their feet and ran away as fast as they could. They screamed as they flee, acting as if they had just seen the pits of Tartarus. Any longer and they would have incinerated in place, leaving only a pile of ashes in their boots. It was better to flee than face that fiery fate. Soon all but one of them had fled. "LORD! BOW DOWN THY HEAVENS AND DESCEND! TOUCH THE MOUNTAINS! AND THEY SHALL SMOKE! SEND FORTH LIGHTNING! AND THOU SHALT SCATTER THEM! SHOOT OUT THY ARROWS! AND THOU SHALT TROUBLE THEM! PUT FORTH THY HAND FROM ON HIGH! TAKE ME OUT! AND DELIVER ME FROM MANY WATERS! FROM THE HAND OF STRANGE CHILDREN!" The last redcap, Dietrich, could take it no longer. He too fled behind his brothers. As he fled, his foul voice shouted curses and vulgarities that were mostly drowned out by Colby's shouting. That same shouting rung loud in the alleyway echoing against the walls; the last few syllables faintly reverberated a few seconds after Colby stopped. The twenty-one year old looked at the feat before him with mild enjoyment, and nothing else. "Damn redcaps, always gotta shout my ass off. Leaves me with such a dry throat." He turned around and saw that all five of the teenagers had their mouths hanging open. That caused a small smirk to form on his stubble-ridden face. "Yeah," he said with that smirking starting to grow, "that's all it takes to scare away some redcaps. They are all about bloodshed and battle but shouting a little scripture gets them fleeing like rabbits. And the best part, it doesn't have to be Christian scripture. Any kind of holy text will do; anything from Jewish and Islamic to Hindu and Buddhist. But then again, I doubt that would have helped you that much. The Greek gods never saw fit to give people a holy book. The closest you've got are the epic poems of Homer and the Theogony of Hesiod. Why would you get anymore? After all, human beings were annoying ants made by the titans who the gods only kept around because they liked fear-filled offerings, yes?" There was something about that question, and this man's tone, that made the demigods writhe in instinctual anger. It was rare to ever hear a being disrespecting the gods like that unless they were a monster or titan. Hearing a demigod, or even a mortal say it was unheard of. But since he was insulting either their parents or their beloved masters, it was absolutely infuriating. Percy was especially mad, with this man's bitter anti-god attitude reminding him of Luke, the one being whom he hated more than anyone other than Ares and Kronos. Only the demigods' exhaustion and gratitude for this man saving them saved him from their wrath. "Listen," Colby said, "I can tell that you've got a long story to tell. If its got demigods in Austin, I'm gonna need a few more drinks. It'll help me handle how badly the infallible Olympians have screwed up this time. Please follow me inside. The bar's still opened." "B-but-but," Percy said, still reeling in the shock of it all, "We're teens!" "So I've noticed," Colby said matter-of-factly, before smirking, "Don't worry, you don't have to drink anything. I'll drink enough for everyone present!" He chuckled a bit at that. "Now, come on." He took a few steps forward then he stopped. Not even turning around, Colby added, "Oh, and you can stop hiding, satyr. Trust me, no one in there will be unnerved by some goat horns and hooves. There are patrons inside that are way odder!" With that, the twenty-one year old walked forward. The five teenagers remained there they were. They all knew they should have felt happy or grateful to for being saved. However, there was something about this stranger that just made them feel unsettled. Regardless, they had no other options, and this Colby didn't seem to mean them any harm. Despite how scared he was Grover confirmed that this guy wasn't a monster. The four demigods and the satyr tentatively followed behind Colby. They all hoped they hadn't simply traded one kind of redheaded horror for another. Okay, so, that was the first chapter of "The Demigod and the Damned"! I hope you liked it! Now, I know this chapter didn't tell you too much about the world of "Dreams and Shadows" and "The Queen of the Dark Things" but in some ways that was the point. This chapter was meant to introduce some parts of the world and get your interest up for the reveals about it to come later. Part of the reason was to see if there would be any interest in this story idea. Despite me really liking this idea, I already have a lot of stories that I'm currently working on. Even so, I felt the need to test the waters of a new fandom. Please let me know what you thought of this chapter and if you'd like to see more of this story, okay? Building off of that idea, since I've never written for any of the Percy Jackson characters before, please let me know how I did writing them, okay? Percy and Apollo have me especially concerned. I'm also curious to see what everyone thought of that flashback scene to a time before ancient Greece. That will have HUGE importance for later in the story! I wonder if anyone can guess what event that is depicting and why that might be important. I look forward to seeing your guesses! :) Anyway, with nothing else to say, I look forward to seeing your thoughts on this! Until next time, please read, review, favor, follow, and spread the word!