looked at Annabeth in surprise. No one was supposed to know! "Well it makes sense. Leo stole it, didn't he?" Calypso made a vague noise, and continued searching. "Hey! Found it!" She said, holding up some blues and greens. Leo ran over, taking them from her. "Yes! These are perfect! Okay, let's go back, it's late. See you!" Leo dragged Calypso out before any questions could be asked. Unfortunately for them, there was a lot. "Leo!" Percy yelled out, then thought better of it. "Or not..." Leo and Calypso were currently onboard Festus, with a couple of paint tubes in Leo's hands. Calypso yawned, "Gee, it's been a big day." She mumbled. Leo turned around, a hidden blush forming inside of him, "If you're really tired, you can sleep on my shoulder again." He said slowly. Calypso widened her eyes, then reluctantly found herself saying the words "Thanks." She wanted to say I don't need it though, but they got caught in her throat, and she found herself resting her head against Leo's shoulder as he, Festus and her flew back home. Leo still liked it. Her head fell on his shoulders and her arms fell around him. He had given up trying to tell himself he didn't like her. It didn't work. Calypso was Calypso and Leo liked that. They had both pretended like The Kiss hadn't happened, and if it did, it was a thing of the past maybe. He wasn't complaining though, he liked living with Calypso and spending little moments like this with her. Percy and Annabeth had decided to stay in Camp Half-Blood for a few more years, mainly mentoring other campers or beating each other up. Jason and Piper were joining them, after spending time with Frank and Hazel in New Rome. Leo would've stayed at Camp Half-Blood, but he preferred Leo and Calypso's Garage: Auto Repairs and Mechanical Monsters. When he landed in Festus' garage, he carefully slid off as to not wake Calypso up. She almost fell off, but Leo caught her in time. He debated whether to wake her up or carry her to bed. a: was he strong enough? b: what if she woke up? and those were the only two problems, so Leo picked Calypso up with whatever strength he could muster and kicked open the door with his foot. He made it to her room, and it wasn't as hard as he had imagined. She was slight, and against everyone's better judgement he had grown less scrawny. Fun fact. Her room was dark and he wasn't about to go looking around, so he laid her down in her bed and pulled some covers over her. He wasn't gonna take his jacket off her, it's a bit embarrassing to be undressing a girl if she woke up. So he left and shut the door quietly, making his way towards their workspace. He sat down with the paint in his hand. Shit. Calypso was supposed to do this with him, but he could hardly wake her up. Or could he? Calypso did suggest it, and she was totally fine with flying round to Camp Half-Blood... Now he stood outside Calypso's door. He considered knocking. Then decided against it. Leo turned the door handle, then stopped. Shit, what if she wasn't decent? Leo closed his eyes, opening the door little by little. No sound. All good? Leo took the risk of opening his eyes, and saw just darkness in front of him. Leo took a tentative step in, then made his way towards the general area of Calypso's bed. They'd set up her room together, the door that led into the garden was there. So were the various rugs she'd made on Ogygia that she kept. They'd even managed to save her bed. Which he had just banged his knee against. "Ah!" Leo struggled to be as quiet as possible. Limping over to the head of the bed, he sat down next to the sleeping Calypso. Gently starting to prod her side, he looked at her. There was no harm in that, and she looked great. Her hair fell everywhere, but not in a mess. Her eyes were shut and her face looked peaceful. She groaned, turning away from Leo. Leo moved over on the bed, continuing to prod her waist. She tossed again, this time in Leo's direction. She was curled up next to Leo, who was perfectly okay with staying there, but unfortunately he just had to get Percy's present done. Prodding her didn't do anything, and then poking didn't. Of course, he wasn't prodding or poking her hard, and he didn't really want to. Which meant Leo needed a plan B. Or C. Yelling? Dragging? Splashing? Drenching? Punching? Kissing? Wait... slow down. Was he just thinking... oh god. Leo rolled his eyes at himself. Then he realised that he had subconsciously moved his fingers from her waist to her hair, tucking it behind her ear. Bingo! He leant over her and blew into her ear. "Agh!" Calypso jumped right up. Turning to Leo, whispering "You!" and hitting him, she went to tuck her hair behind her ear to find it was already there. "Sorry" Leo smirked, "You wouldn't wake up." Calypso looked at the distance between them two: it was close. Her hip could feel the body warmth of Leo's, even though both of them were leaning away awkwardly. "Why do I need to be up?" She groaned, only half as asleep as she sounded. "Uhh..." Leo looked uncomfortable, getting off the bed, "I can't paint..." She got out of bed too. Calypso was kind of uncomfortable with him in her room, and so she decided to walk out. "So I was wondering if you could help me out?" "Leo" Calypso rolled her eyes. "We could hardly have you paint it, could we?" She smiled up at Leo. He laughed, throwing her the paint tubes they had stolen. She was still wearing his jacket. "No. I need you."