something wrong going on. She thought that Percy was just like other men, breaking girl's heart. However, what Percy said next shocked her. "DON'T DARE ACCUSE ME. SHE WAS THE ONE THAT LEFT ME BEHIND. YOU THOUGHT I BROKE HER HEART? WELL, IT IS COMPLETELY OPPOSITE!" Percy yelled. " What? A girl had broke a man's heart? That is impossible!" Artemis thought. Then she felt that the ground was shaking. The sky was getting darker and it started to rain heavily along with thunder. At first, all the gods looked at Zeus for his powers to come under his control, but the look on Zeus' face told them that it was not himself that was controlling this power. It was Percy. All the Gods gasped as they realized how powerful Percy is. Then, the ground shook intensely, making all the Gods and Goddess fall off their throne. Except for Artemis. She remained on her throne, sitting there shocked, confused, and even frightened. Hera looked at Artemis and gestured her to comfort Percy since she was the one that didn't get affected by Percy's rage. As Artemis put her hand on Percy's shoulder, she can feel that Percy tensed up and looked up. When his green eyes met Artemis's silver sparkling eyes, she can feel that Percy calmed down a bit. Then, the shaking ceased and Percy stood up. "I am sorry, my Lords and Ladies." Percy said with an emotionless tone. "However, I will never accept godhood!" "No Perseus, you will either accept the offer or die by my hand" Zeus growled. Percy looked up and locked eyes with his father, hoping that his father will help me. However, Poseidon shook his head and said "Son, you had better accept the offer. Your immature decision had hurt Zeus' and our pride. My only suggestion is that you either accept the offer or face our wrath." Percy was furious. Even his father decided to side with Zeus. He even called him immature. "I see that you will not yield. Hephaestus, tie him up" Zeus commanded. Hephaestus flicked his fingers and a Celestial bronze chain was wrapping around him. When Percy tried to escape, the chain only became tighter, which made him yell out in pain. "Ares, I think you will like what I am going to tell you next" Zeus grinned. "Now, go and torture Perseus, and remember don't make fatal wounds!" "It is an honor, father" Ares smiled sinisterly as he walked up to Percy. Percy was furious. He knew that Ares hated him because he defeated the God of War when he was twelve and he humiliated his daughter, Clarisse, several times in fact. What happened next was not pleasurable. I saw that Ares pinned Percy on a wall with his dagger. He then started to punch Percy in the stomach and in the face. Blood was dripping down from Percy's mouth. However, Percy knew that he should not give up to the Gods. After getting punched in the stomach several times, Percy fainted. Zeus told Ares to stop as he snapped his fingers, and a bottle of nectar appeared from nothing. He forced Percy to drink it and after a minute, Percy was back to consciousness. "I think that the young demi-god was strong enough to stand the blow of Ares" Zeus said. "Alright my fellow children and brothers, take your turn, but remember, DO not make fatal wounds." Percy was shocked that Hades walked up to him and gave him a punch in the face. Percy had just returned his throne about an hour ago, and this was how he treats him? The next one was Zeus. " Oh my Gods," Percy thought. Zeus came up and said nothing, but began grinning crazily at Percy. Zeus summoned his master bolt and shot out a blast of pure lightning at Percy. Percy roared as the pain blazed through his body. His body began steaming, literally, and his shirts were all burned up. It seemed that Zeus wanted more fun, so he forced Percy to drink more nectar. Then continued to zap him with glee. Zeus continued his game until Percy's skin was deep red and steam was coming out in clouds. However, Percy did not give up and refused to show any signs of weakness to the Gods. The gods took their turns in humiliating, torturing, and mutilating Percy's self. All the gods had gone, except for two. One being Hestia and the other being Poseidon. Hestia herself thought it was inhumane to be doing something like this and thus abstained from participating. Although the real reason was that she could not bring herself to hurt her champion, as well as hurt the one that brought her throne to Olympus. Poseidon on the other hand, walked up to Percy. He thought that his father would show mercy towards him. He was completely wrong. "Father?" Percy asked. "You are no son of mine. You brought shame to the family, and I am ashamed to have you as my son. Now, brace yourself Perseus Jackson" Poseidon snarled. As Poseidon summoned a wave of water, Percy grinned. " I see Gods make mistakes as well." As soon as the water hit him, he surrounded the chains with thin layer of water and froze it along with the chain. All his wounds were gone and he felt refreshed due to the healing factor he had when in contact with water. Percy then broke the chain and started to run out of the throne room. The gods were all shocked to the point that they could not react in time to stop Percy from escaping. When they realized that their prisoner had escaped, they roared in anger as the ground stumbled. Percy was relieved that he managed to escape, but he also knew that he needed to hide because all the Olympians are hunting him now. A/N: Here is chapter 1, hope you guys enjoyed! Leave a review and give me feedback. Thanks!