win usually unless the attack force gets lost, that's happened before. I have another hunch that Annabeth always puts Luke in charge of the main attack force so he gets all the glory. Aww so cute Annabeth cares about him. "Aww come on Annabeth, not again." I groan. She smiles at me sweetly. "But Tony you're so good at your job." She blinks innocently at me. Then smirks. Aha! see what I told you evil genius Does it bother me that she's probably way smarter than me? Yes, yes it does. I've existed in this world for five years longer than she has and technically I should have accumulated more knowledge than her but she still beats me in all those trivia games. Unfortunately for me there's no way to get back at Annabeth, because one, she's way smarter than me, and two, Luke would pummel me into the ground. Oh but I can ruin her plan, I wonder how mad that'll make her. I decide to leave Luke with Annabeth. "Aren't you coming to the campfire?" Luke asks me "Nah, too tired, see you later." I answer Both Annabeth and Luke wave goodbye and I head back the the cabin. I get back before most of the other campers, except Ethan of course. I ignore Ethan's death stares as I crawl into my bunk. Every muscle in my body relaxes as my head hits the pillow and I fall asleep for the night. Usually I dream, well most half-bloods do. Apparently those dreams are really important, and they can tell us things, but usually they're just annoying. Lucky for me I didn't dream anything tonight, I was hoping for a peaceful sleep. Until I'm awoken by a very loud, obnoxious snake. All I can hear is this loud, Hissing, sound. I try to ignore it but it won't go away. I must have been making a lot of noise because Chris chucks his pillow at me. "Tony what are you doing," Chris whisper-shouts "You hear that too right?" I reply "Dude just ignore it. And give me my pillow back" I chuck it across the room. I try to ignore the super rude snake. Usually, I can't hear them from the top bunk but this one really wants attention. " Hey wake up, wake up. I want a rat. Give me a rat. Or a guinea pig. Guinea pigs taste good. But not a real pig, real pigs are too big. I once had a cousin eat a real pig. He couldn't move for a week. Hey, can you hear me… Hello, Hello, I don't like being ignored. HELLO hiss hiss hiss hiss " I look down to make sure Connor and Travis aren't pranking me. They've done that before, okay a lot of times before. The snake keeps rambling on and on. I groan and jump off my bunk almost crushing Maria underneath me. I apologize and exit the cabin careful not to step on anyone else. I'm about to wring that stupid snake's neck until I hear a shuffling sound that was most definitely not the snake. I jump behind the cabin. And peek around it. I unsheath my dagger and am about to rush forward until I notice it's just Luke. But what's he doing. I can't help but eavesdrop a little. Hey, it's in my blood, I'm supposed to be mischievous. Hermes God of thieves, I'm just stealing information. There we go situation justified. Anyway as I approach from behind like I'm some creepy assassin I notice two things. One Luke is talking to himself, and two he's still asleep. He's sleepwalking. I can't hear what Luke is saying but he mutters something about freeing the imprisoned one. I can't hear much so I move closer but still, all I can make out is something about God of satire. Man, I really need to turn down my music when I'm listening to it. Eventually, that pesky snake starts to hiss again and I give up. Eh, Luke must have eaten too much barbeque and now he's going slightly insane. No big deal. He first ran away from home when he was nine and survived and even made it to Camp Half-Blood while being chased by hordes of monsters. Nothing can hurt him, he'll be fine. "Hey what do you want." I whisper-shout at the snake " Were you not listening, I want something to eat I'm hungry." "Go get something yourself." I mutter. " I'm a poisonous, dangerous, venomous, python so you better help me or I'll bite you." As if to prove his point, the snake appears out of a pile of leaves. I can't tell in the light but I'm pretty sure that the snake was just trying to intimidate me. Figures. Although he his pretty long and fat. I look closer and see that this snake has got really, really sharp teeth. I get an idea. "Hey buddy, I'm going to call you-" I rack my mind for some snake names, "Um Gary." Gary hisses angrily. " Why that name" "It suits you." I pick him up and walk towards the Ares cabin. " Where are you taking me?" The snake hisses and tries to wriggle out of my grip. I sneak behind the cabin "Hey Gary, there are some really big rats in here. They hang around on the bunk beds. If you see anything move it's probably a rat so you should bite it." Gary hisses excitedly. And slithers off. Oh, wait until Connor and Travis hear about what I just did. I hope Clarisse wakes up with a big swollen nose, that'll show her not to dye my hair. I sneak back to the cabin and flop into bed. Ahh yes, sweet ignorance. If only I had known what was coming my way tomorrow, maybe I could have at least had time to order those Hermes multi-vitamins I was going to need them. Things were about to get real.