the huntresses act of kindness, when the brothers were shattered by their stand to defend some refugees a year prior. After the border had been set along the central US, designating hunting grounds for each group, then hostilities had been very low. But the groups had a natural hatred of each other, and so the slightest violation could very well result in a disaster. Which was exactly what was about to happen if Thalia did not talk their way out of this really fast. "We only came here for the monster, Darren. We'll leave your land right now, I swear it. There was a feeble cry of pain, and Phoebe began to moan and shake in pain. The nectar had done some good, but now the venom seemed to have picked up steam. Darren saw this and snorted. "Got herself bit by that chimera's tail, huh?" Thalia nodded. There was a dead silence for a moment. Darren seemed lost in though, and Phoebe gave a weak cry of pain. Darren sighed and then turned to one of his brothers. "Morgan..." The brother turned to look at him, and Darren gestured with his head toward the fallen huntress. The boy growled but lowered his weapon, and began to walk toward the wounded huntress. One of the hunters swerved their bow to aim at him, but Thalia was quick to understand the move. "Wait! She needs a healer, and we can't afford to start anything right now. Lower your weapons!" she commanded. Th huntress looked at her like she was insane, but they slowly lowered their bows. Morgan knelt next to the crying huntress and drew out a flask. He slowly poured some over the bite mark of Phoebe, and Phoebe buckled under the liquid, letting out a full-borne scream. Morgan sang a short hymn, most likely to his father Apollo, and the wound slowly began to mend itself. Phoebe's eyes opened slowly, and she looked up to see Morgan above her. She hissed and used her arms to crawl away. "Well, really grateful you are." Morgan said in disgust. Thalia walked over and knelt next to Phoebe, who was glaring at Morgan. "You feel better?" she asked. Phoebe nodded. Thalia helped her get to her feet, Phoebe still a little shaky. "What did he do to me?" she asked. "He may have just saved your life Phoebe. You might want to act just a little bit grateful, if only to help get out of this with less bloodshed. Phoebe looked around and seemed honestly shocked to see them outnumbered five to seven. Then she turned to Morgan, who was standing nearby, his bow the only one at his side. "Thanks..." she grumbled. "No problem..." Morgan grumbled back. Darren walked over toward Thalia, and kept his pace slow and deliberate, so as not to threaten the huntresses. He stopped until he was less than a foot from Thalia, and leaned down to look her eye to eye, inches from her face. "You can rest assured that Lord Orion will be informed of this. And I don't think he will be as merciful as us. We are going to let you all walk away for now. But if we ever, and I do mean, ever see you on our land again, then our first shot will not be a warning shot. You have already had your warning. Do I make myself clear, little huntress?" Thalia did not like being talked down to. It was something that she was not used to. But for the sake of their survival, she was forced to swallow her pride for just this moment. "You've got it, boy." "Get the hell out of our sight..." The huntresses slowly walked away, their eyes still on the brothers, and Phoebe walking now, with a hunter nearby for support. Thalia breathed a low sigh as the brothers disappeared from view into the darkness behind them. They walked for over and hour with their nerves on edge, until they finally found familiar landmarks that indicated they were on their own ground. "Well, we sure avoided a bullet there," she said, trying to lighten the mood. There was no laughter though, the huntresses so exhausted from their ordeal. The only thing on their collective minds was getting back to lady Artemis with the news that the chimera was killed. She was not sure if she should reveal the fact that she had crossed over the agreed upon border line to get it. How could the brothers, in the whole possible land that they could be, were right there to catch them? -0- The figure moved through the woods, completely unknown to the huntresses she stalked. She was hidden by her camouflaged armor and her face had been painted as well, so paranoid she had been about remaining unseen. Her sword was strapped to her hip very snugly, and her bow was was in her hand, ready to deliver death if necessary. But she would have been suicidal to attack the huntresses. What she was really interested in was the boys. They seemed in a way to be the male equivalent to the huntresses, as she had observed their confronting of the huntresses. Apparently there had been some agreement on the hunting borders of each group, and the huntresses had violated that birder. She had though that the boys would have killed them, but she was shocked when they were allowed to go with a simple warning, and even had one of their wounded treated by one of them. She knew that months prior, these boys would have killed them on sight. Could they had gotten soft? Had they been ordered by their lord to behave differently toward the huntresses? Questions shot through her mind and left in the space of seconds. She did not dwell on them, for she had to report what she saw to her master, and to let him decide if these groups would be a threat to their plan...