"This is Carlos," she whispered. The couple smiled up at me. "Thank you so much, Miss Deandre." "No problem," I replied back, though I didn't have much fun. Kat and Tyler stayed in the house with the couple, while Olivia and I stepped out to escort the villagers back to their homes. Jackson worked on putting out the remaining fires. When Jackson returned, Olivia pulled him aside. She whispered something to him, and he whispered something back. She nodded and they walked back over. "Sharing secrets?" I asked suspiciously. "Come on, Jess," Olivia replied. "It's not like that." I shrugged. Olivia seemed really close to Jackson now. I hoped she wasn't drifting away from me. Nah, that's not possible. Olivia's been my best friend for years. I couldn't possibly imagine her just dropping me like that. Tyler walked out of the house with Kat, and I noticed they were holding hands. I didn't say anything. "Hey, you guys," Tyler said to us. "I caught up Kat with the situation, and she wants to help." She nodded. "I hope I can. I guess I'm okay at fighting. My mom's Khione, the goddess of snow." She shot an icy flurry into the air. " Cool!" Jackson said. "So listen," Tyler said. "I think we should… split up." " What?" Olivia cried. "How? It always ends badly." "If we're in a large group," Tyler argued, "we'll attract monsters like crazy." Olivia let out a deep sigh. She pondered the thought for a second. "What groups will we go in?" "Well, you three, and Kat and me." "Why are you going with Kat?" I asked. Tyler turned bright red. "Well, I-I mean… She… We're oldest?" I laughed. "Whatever." "Okay, wait," Olivia piped in. "I have a question." Kat looked at her. "I have an answer." "When Jackson and I were fighting the cyclops," she began. "I said, 'Please don't hurt me' out of force of habit, and he stood there for a second like he wasn't going to." "Hmm…" Kat though for a second and pushed up her glasses. "Are you a child of Aphrodite, by chance?" Olivia looked caught off guard. "Yes. Why?" "Ah," Kat replied, as a lightbulb went off in her head. "You can charmspeak." " Excuse me?" "Charmspeak," Kat replied matter-of-factly. "It's a special ability only a few children of Aphrodite have. It influences the actions of others." Olivia's eyes widened. "Yes," Kat responded. "Very useful." "Oh wait!" Jackson said suddenly, pulling out a small bag. "You know how to Iris-message?" he asked, looking at Kat. "Yeah…" "Good." He handed her a few golden coins. "These are drachmas. Shoot us an IM if you need anything." Kat handed them to Tyler. "Do you have pockets?" He stuffed the drachmas into his jean pockets. "Yeah, I got it." "Well," I said finally. "I guess this is goodbye." We exchanged hugs and turned in different directions. "Goodbye for now!" Olivia yelled out. "We'll keep in touch!" Tyler called back. And with that, the three of us turned, walking toward a rising sun and an uncertain future. Chapter 21 TYLER I couldn't believe my luck. Our group had just met this gorgeous girl named Kat, she was around my age, and now I was alone with her. "How old are you?" I asked her. "14," she responded. "I was born on December 21st." "I was born on August 16th." "Cool," she said smiling at me. I'm glad the conversation was over for now, because I probably wouldn't responded with something like, "Gah, geh, gah?" "You close with your mother?" I blurted, then realized how rude it was. "No," she responded coolly, like it didn't faze her. "She went crazy and tried to rule the world." "I never knew my mother." We walked for a bit and then saw a huge mountain in the distance. "Whoa," I said. "Look how tall it is." She took my hand and said, "Let's go explore it!" She pulled me along the trail until we reached the base of the mountain. There was a large, iron door and it was jammed. I tried pulling on it. I groaned in exasperation. It wouldn't budge. "Here, let me try something." Kat let go of my hand and flicked at the hinges. They instantly became covered in frost. "Now try it," she ordered. I placed my hands firmly on both sides and pulled with all my might. It made a small crack in the icy hinges. Kat examined it and said, "Again!" I pulled a final time and the door broke loose. It dropped it in the snow. "Wow," Kat said, impressed. "Well, aren't you strong, Mr. Toughguy?" "Nothin' much," I joked. Kat laughed and pulled us into the deeper into the cavern. We walked a while. We saw frozen stalagmites all over. I told Kat not to touch them, just in case. We encountered a few hares and a couple wolves, but they didn't bother with us. "So where are we going, exactly?" Kat asked me. "Someplace on the edge of Massachusetts." I told her about the note, the best I could remember and she nodded occasionally to show she was listening. "So that's the scoop," I concluded. "Tyler," she said, seriously. "I have to tell you something. Something I've never told anyone." I nodded, and though I was nervous on the inside, I couldn't tell her that. "My dad," she started. "The witch brainwashed him. And she thinks she brainwashed me, too. I told her I would go looking for the ones destined to kill her. I told her I would look for you." "Why are you telling me this?" I asked her. "I trust you. My dad can't be there for me. I'm not safe. You're not safe. Oh, gods…" She ran into my arms and I hugged her. She sobbed into my chest. I had to help this girl. I had to help her. I had to free her. I had to free her from this… curse.