all the hot air in his big head finally ran out and he came back to earth. Because before he became a huge star his music was really good. He was more of a rock type artist. He had songs like Dirty Little Secret, Swing, Swing, and Gives you Hell. (AN/I'll give a sneak peak to my next possible story for the first person who know's what band sang those three songs!) I still have his first album from 2008. And puberty hit him like a bus. He used to be this little scrawny short kid with a cute face and a high pitched voice. Not like Justin Beiber high but high. And when he turned 14, he got taller, more muscular, and a deeper voice. As much as I hate to say it, when he turned 14 he turned, well...hot. "So Piper, you were checking out the merchandise?" Ryann asked me snickering. "Shuddup." gods she's a cool girl and everything but she does not need to tease me about it. Leo might find out. And if Leo finds out...never ending teasing for the rest of my life here I come. "Um Piper?" somebody called my name. Please don't be Jason, please don't be Jason, please don't be Jason, It was Ashley! Phew. "'Not to be rude or anything, but who is that and why are you talking to her?" "Oh. my name is Ryann. Ryann Rosswood." Ryann said sticking her hand out. Ashley shook it, "Ashley. Ashley Eleni. But Piper, I need you to get my ring back from your bitch of a sister." "What? Why does she even have it? How did she even get it?" "I took it off so I can go in my pencil case, because you how know its dirty in there?" I nodded. "Well when I put it on my desk, Drew took it! Because I wear it so much, and I love it so much she probably thought it was some stupid Tiffany's ring! No she literally said 'Hey Ashley, I'm taking your Tiffany's ring. Don't worry you might get it back...not!' and she said it in her stupid little voice and she walked away laughing her stupid little laugh, with her stupid little 'friends' You know the one's she calls bitches and other offensive words all the time? Yeah them." "Hey Ashley, I can get your ring back." Ryann said. Wow I forgot she was even there. "How?" "Oh well I would need to go to Piper's house so i can take it from Drew's room." "How could you do that? It's impossible to do that! She has like, high sensitive lasers in there!" "No she doesn't. Really Ashley? High sensitive lasers? You've been spending too much time with Percy." I chuckled and shook my head. She blushed, "What? It's possible, what does she have then, high sensitive laser armed cameras?" she laughed. "Actually that's exactly what she has." "Are you kidding me?! Having high sensitive laser armed cameras is okay, but high sensitive lasers is weird?!" "Girls! I can get through that, but I'm going to need my half brother's help. Let's just say together we're... handy ..." she said with a growing smirk. Wow that smirk is scary, almost like the Stoll's... "And quiet... quick ." "Okay Is it just me or does she look like a shorter girl version of Connor and Travis?" Ashley whispered. "She acts like them too, today in english, she stole my notebook, and I didn't even take it out of my backpack." I whispered back. "Is that even possible?" "Apparently" "Wow, she's more like Travis and Connor than I thought, she has the same features, wavy hair, blue eyes, and life threatening smirk." "Tomorrow" we both looked at her, tomorrow what? "We get your ring back tomorrow. I have to talk to my step brothers first, and I know they'll want to help. actually I have next period with them. So I talk to them nest period, and we get the supplies ready, then we get the ring back. But knowing those two they're going to want something in return,." Yup sounds like Connor and Travis. "Okay I'm in. All I want is my ring back." "Yeah I'm in too. Because you know it's my sister, my house. We're package deal. minus my sister, plus me. There's the package, me, my house. So yeah we're in." "Awesome. So we'll talk over lunch? Because pipped what you said about me sitting with you still stands right?" um hell yes, you're one of the funniest/annoyingish girls I know! "Um hell yes! You are one of the funniest and an- nevermind." "You were going to say annoying." "Ryann I sor-" "Don't. Say sorry" shit she's mad, I didn't mean to do that. "I was born to annoy. I'm glad you picked that up. So since you were Going to say annoying I really appreciate your input on that. So see you girls at lunch." She said walking away. "WTF? Now she sounds like Leo." "Yeah, but you don't mind, you love Leo." She blushed and punched my arm, "Oh shuddup and so we can go to math." "Okay who are you and what have you done with Ashley EleniShabby are you in such a rush? Don't want to talk about Leo ?" I said wiggling my eyebrows. She blushed harder and punchemenu arm harder, "Ow! Fine! Gods, Ashely, fine we can talk about how much you love Leo another time." She rolled her eyes settling for that and we a walked to maybe together. Disclaimer: Sadly, I do not own the Heroes Of Olympus. For various reasons, but I'm not listing those reasons again, if you want to read them go to my other story, Two Worlds Collide. I also do not own, Magic by One Direction, 1, 2, 3, 4 by The Plain White T's, or Dirty Little Secret, Swing, Swing, or Gives You Hell. I also do not own the song Chloe by Emblem3.