bad?" "Quiet, Edward!" Growled Old John. "As much as I hateth to admiteth, Salene is right. The kid did nothing." Sally tried to hide her smile. John was a friend of her father, and he used to take her around town and buy her dresses and toys. Now, he defended her surreptitiously, and she could not be more grateful. "Mommy?" Sally turned to her son when he spoke and watched the flames light up slowly in his eyes before they to widen. "Mommy, who art these people? What art they doing hither?" Sally's heart sank when she saw the look of wonder on Percy's face. She realized that, besides her and himself, Percy had never seen a human. After eight years living alone in the woods, this was the first time he saw a grown man. The shocked silence made Sally turned around again to her uninvited guests. She hoped that if they looked at Percy, they would see that he was so hungry and sick as they (most, actually) and there wouldn't be Sally causing the hunger, and they would see that even her son was dying. But what she saw was not expected. The expression on the men's faces was pure horror as they looked into the eyes of her little Percy, eyes so captivating in its flames, but so horrible in his gaunt, pale face. "I knew it!" Edward grumbled. Sally's eyes widened when she heard the sound of metal coming from the butcher and raised her hands. "Nay!" She tried to say. "Pleaseth, waiteth..." Suddenly, everything stopped. The look of horror from Old John was now turned to Sally. Motivated by his gaze, she looked down at Jeremy's the knife embedded in her belly, feeling strangely numb. Then she looked back at her Percy, whose eyes mirrored Old John's. "Mommy!" He shouted hoarsely, rising from the bed and ran to her mother with a strength he had not. Sally dropped to her knees and felt the skeletal arms of her son around her shoulders. And then she was looking at his frightened eyes, but that had frightened many people. She felt Percy shake, but this time it was not cold or fear. It was pure rage. As she looked at his face, Sally saw turning like it always did when he was angry. Carry on, you will always remember Carry on, nothing equals the splendor Now your life's no longer empty Surely heaven waits for you The orange and red that before was just a thin ring grew up taking the entire iris. The white of his eyes darkened to become a macabre black, and his pupil tuned until elliptical like a venomous snake. Rows of white teeth as sharp as razors tightened against each other while he growled in a feral way for men. Sally knew that his fingernails were blackened and turned into claws, and his skin cracked in rows without default on his white skin now was grey. And the screams began. "Demon!" "Monster!" "Good God!" "Flee!" Sally saw everyone running to the door of the small room and close it tightly, just before the slim gray body of her son hit it, exactly where Jeremy was. Percy's black and sharp nails cut the wood like butter, and a monstrous roar left his mouth. "Percy!" Sally called weakly. He turned straightaway. His angry expression softened and his eyes, nails, teeth and skin returned to normal along with his physical strength. His knees trembled violently, and he fell to the ground with a thud. "Mommy." He whispered. While Percy dragged to try to reach her, Sally realized she was still bleeding profusely, and first noticed black spots in her vision. She blinked against dizziness, and saw her son sitting in front of her, his small hands trembling as he touched his mother's face. Carry on my wayward son There'll be peace when you are done Lay your weary head to rest Don't you cry Don't you cry no more! "Mommy." He kept whispering, tears streaming down his face. Red tears like blood, the same tears he had ever shed when he was sad or scared. "Mommy." Sally felt her own eyes filled with tears, but not for the great sadness she was feeling as she realized she was dying and soon her son would not have anyone to take care of him. No. Her tears were caused by smoke. The bastards had flared up her house. "Percy." Sally said, using her shaky and dirty with blood hands to hold her son's face. "Percy, thoust to goeth. Or we will both die." "Mom." He repeated again, shaking his head. "Nay, I will not leteth thou. I will not, will not, will not. " Sally let the tears fall as she looked around at the room made of wood that, probably like the rest of the house, was already on fire. The door was fully engulfed in flames. Her son had no chance of escape now. She hugged Percy, trying to hold back the sobs. He hugged her back, his little body shaking. Sally managed to contain the scream that tried to get out of her throat when she felt the heat creep up her back, but Percy did not succeed in this task. The cry that escaped his lips was full of so much pain that Sally had even more like crying. More tears fell from her eyes, and Sally hugged him tightly. Together, mother and son burned. They stood there, hugging each other while their home caught fire around them, the flames consuming them too. They felt their clothes and their skin being incinerated, but they suddenly no longer feared. They were not alone. They had each other. That was all that mattered. And even when they were only two charred skeletons in the ruins of a small cabin, and the myth of "the cruel witch Salane and her devil son" had been forgotten, it was still all that mattered. No more! The End