on his head. "Great, that's just going to increase the boy's ego,"Artemis muttered. "I thing it's official, Nico is the Ghost King the prophecy speaks of," Percy said with a slight smirk at his friend's display as the wreath of bones shifted into a crown of black fire before turning into a dragon head."Lord Hades has crowned him himself, and made him his own helm of darkness no less. " Nico drew a shadow to him as he reached up and took off the crown before placing the crown in the shadow were it vanished. "Ah, thanks dad, but I think I won't need that anymore right now." he mumbled quietly but everyone heard. Percy smirked, "What was that sis?" Artemis kicked him under the table making him laugh, but she couldn't deny she was slightly impressed at her brother's champion's humility. Though the boy was blunt at time she couldn't fault him for it. She knew that it was only when the situation called for it or in order to come to his sister's defense. Wh she didn't like this idea of one of her huntresses lives depending on any boy, she decided to let it be. "Um, so... Who's the huntress?" Nico said uncomfortable with everyone's attention on him after his father Hades' show. Though he barely cared how they felt about him, his dad definitely wasn't helping him show the campers they had nothing to fear from him. Then again he knew Hades didn't care if the campers feared him as long as it meant they respected his son. Nico however made a mental note to show the campers they had nothing to fear as along as they didn't try to pick any fights and left him and his sister alone. "The huntress is me." said the girl with sea green eyes and raven colored hair that when to her shoulder in a soft and calm voice that was like the sea on a beautiful and peaceful day as she looked at the boy who she was supposed to die without. "It would give some meaning to the lines 'Water and Death will learn the answer in a fiery haze, The Huntress will fall without the aid of the ghost king's hand' . I'm the water and Nico is death, and without him I'm supposed to die in the fiery haze we're suppose to find some answer in." Nico nodded as he stared back at the girl from the night before with a blank face. "Makes sense, Sophie right? I promise you and Lady Artemis, " he said, his eyes flicking to Artemis before returning to the daughter of Poseidon, "That I will keep you alive." Chloe, who was Sophie's best friend, jumped to her feet. "Oh no, Sophie isn't going without me, I'm not losing my best friend because some boy was incompetent!" she said making Sophie roll her eyes. "Okay," Nico nodded in agreement to everyone's surprise after she'd just basically called him incapable of completing a task the fates had preordained. "If Bianca and Lady Artemis consent." Bianca nodded and so did Artemis. "Very well, if both Sophie and Chloe go I will permit it." "What about 'the, dead, the traitor, and lost one ', who's that?" Malcolm asked obviously unhappy to not be among the members of the quest. "The oracle showed me an image with an old satyr and another of a guy near a Volcano." Bianca said. The immortals in the room blinked in surprise. "Pan? He's the lost one?" Phoebe said stunned. "But the other satyrs have been searching unsuccessfully for him for eons." "A satyr, Grover perhaps must be added to the quest group." Chiron said quickly. "No," Nico shook his head."We're pushing it as it is. The huntresses will have to suffice in representing nature friends. As for the dead and traitor we can figure that out later." "Nico's right. Only he, Sophie and myself embark on this quest. We leave in the morning." Bianca agreed. "Besides on the last quest with five members, only four of us survived." "The satyrs won't be happy." Chiron said, but nodded in agreement, her closing statement unrefudiable."Council dimissed, quest members go prepare for your journey." "Better unhappy, than one of the dead." Nico said as he stood and walked out of the room to go check out his new cabin. "Nico I would like a word." Artemis said as they stood with Bianca, Sophie, Chloe, Phoebe, Zoe, and Percy near the entrance to the Labyrinth the next morning. The quest members appeared to be empty-handed besides their weapons, but the girls quivers and the small pocket on the front of Nico's back scabbard strap were actually enchanted to hold and unlimited amount of stuff. He nodded and they stepped off to the side. "I hold you accountable for anything that happens to my hunters." Artemis said simply. "Okay," Nico said blankly and they walked back to the others. "Normally I'd say ladies first since I was born in a time were chivalry wasn't dead, yet, but I don't think that applies for entries into suicidal places like a insane maze that can partially think for itself and is designed to kill you." Nico said wryly as he stomped his foot and the gold slab moved away from the cave entrance. The girls all rolled their eyes and Percy chuckled at his male champion's sarcastic remark. "Into the darkness we go." Nico stated off handedly as he took the lead and entered the Ancient Labyrinth. As the others followed him the makeshift golden door slid back in place. A.N.: I will update Tale of the Night: The Origins of the Banished Olympian next. Don't forget review! I wanna hear you thoughts on what I'm done with the Oracle and Pan in particular, but also about how I'm doing in general! If you got the Supernatural reference you're awesome. COVER COMING SOON! (gotta love photoshop) Love ya guys, you're awesome. Sincerely yours, -SamIthuriel