front of the door, on a perfect little star, was Silena Beauregard's name. Behind the door came muffled sounds, and I nodded once. Percy knocked on the door and seconds later it was whipped open. "Percy!" A guy who was a little taller than Percy greet us. He had blond hair that was gelled up and bright blue eyes. He donned a purple shirt with a black windbreaker and he had on a thick pair of glasses. "Glad you could make it. You almost gave us a heartache when you just left." "Sorry, Jason," Percy said. "I had to make sure Annabeth got here safely." "Who?" Jason just seemed to process that someone else was there, and he immediately straightened his glasses and fixed his jacket. "Hi, I'm Jason Grace. It's nice to meet you." He extended out his hand. "I'm Annabeth Chase," I said. "Pleasant to meet you too." Jason furrowed his brow in confusion for a second before turning to Percy. "Does she not know?" Percy shook his head and an impressed look went across Jason's face. "Welcome to the party." He stepped back and allowed us into a large dressing room. Three other guys were lounging around with a beer bottle in all of their hands. They all glanced over at us and quickly stood. "Hello," one said. He looked Latino and had long, curly hair. His eyes had a mischievous glint in them. "I'm Leo." "I'm Annabeth." "I'm Frank." The one named Frank looked of Chinese descent. He was easily the tallest on there and the most muscular. Just looking at him made me feel intimidated. "I'm Nico." The last one was a little shorter than me, and he had dark hair that was shaved on one side. His skin was paler and he wore only black. "It's nice to meet you. Would you like a beer?" "Sure," I said. Frank handed me a popped beer and Percy collapsed on the couch. "Where did Silena go?" He asked. "I thought I told her to stay here." "Silena had to go to makeup," Leo said. "But she'll be back soon." I stared in silence at the group of guys, wondering where on earth I had seen them before. I sipped my beer quietly and thought about it when suddenly it hit me. "Oh my god," I said. Percy lifted his eyebrows at me. "What?" "You're the Demigods," I said. "Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit !" I sat down in a chair and Jason laughed. "Yeah, we're that super famous band. No big deal." " How did I not put that together?" I said. "It's fine," Percy said. "I'm sort of glad you didn't, it was nice just being treated normally." "Oh shit," I said again. "You probably think I'm so stupid now." "No, I don't," Percy said. "If you don't listen to our music, you wouldn't really know who we are." "Or if you lived in a cave," Leo said. "I mean, it's not like we haven't been on Ellen or Good Morning America or The Tonight Show or done any more major television appearances." "C'mon, Leo," Percy said. "Of course, that's how you had backstage passes to the Silena Beauregard concert tonight," I said. "Yeah, I also get to perform a song tonight," Percy said. "It's supposed to be a surprise for the fans." "I? Don't you mean, we?" Leo asked. Percy rolled his eyes and took a long sip from his beer. "Of course, Leo." "I'm sorry for not realizing that sooner," I said. "I feel incredibly stupid now." "Don't," Percy said sharply. "I didn't want you to treat me differently. Plus, I really like you and I don't want you to feel stupid because you're not." "Thanks," I said. The door opened and I glanced over and felt my jaw drop. Silena Beauregard, in all of her perfection, stood in front of me. Her hair was curled perfectly and her makeup looked as if God himself applied it. "Be ready to go on then when I start thanking the fans," she said. "Usually about half way through." "Of course," Frank said. "Your crew always gets us where we're supposed to be." Silena smiled. "They're the best." She glanced over at me and held out a hand. "I'm Silena, you must be Percy's date." "Oh, is this a date?" I asked, glancing at Percy. He held his hands up in surrender and I shook Silena's hand. "I'm Annabeth. And can I just say, I love your music. When I was eighteen, I got to go to one of your concerts and now I refer to it was the Miracle." "I'm glad you liked it," she said. "You seem older than eighteen now." "Yeah, I'm twenty-two," I said. "Very nice." She glanced at her watch and waved. "I have to get on stage now, before the fans boycott the show. See you all soon!" When she left, I sunk into the nearest chair and took a deep breath. "Was it as good as you expected?" Percy asked. "Oh, it was even better," I said. XxXxX I got home late that night. When I walked into the apartment, Reyna was passed out on the couch. The dirty dishes were still in the sink, but I ignored them and walked right to my room. I flopped down on my bed and stared at the ceiling for what seemed like hours even though it was only a minute. When I finally moved again, I heard my phone beep. I pulled it out of my pocket and opened the text I got from Percy. I smiled to myself as I read his sweet goodnight note before I plugged my phone in to charge and then passed out for the night, only dreaming about my new Miracle. Author's Note, part two: I think I should also mention that updates on this will be very unorganized. It could be in a month, could be tomorrow, who knows? Not me, that's who.