teacher said after recomposing himself. "Wait what was I saying?" "Shakespeare," the class muttered. "Oh right," he nodded. "Of course I knew, I was just checking if you were paying attention or not." Paying attention, my ass. Soon the teacher resumed his class and started going on about Shakespeare and I just zoned out of boredom. Instead I decided to have some conversation with Ms. Chase. I cleared my throat to get her attention, keeping my voice low so the teacher wouldn't notice. "So, what's your name?" She looked up to face me. She had a few loose strands that framed her face and stormy gray eyes that burned with annoyance and impatience. Was she glaring at me? Then she buried herself back in her notes. I raised an eyebrow at her. I checked if the teacher was looking at them or not before he tapped her shoulder. "What's your name?" She said something, but I couldn't understand. "What was that?" She looked up at him with a glare. "I said shut up." I raised both eyebrows at her hostility. What's up with her? "Well, that was rude." "Then stop disturbing me." "I just want to know your name is all." "Yeah well, what if I don't want to?" "Fine I'll just call you Miss Blondie then," I said. She glared at me. "Don't call me that." "Then tell me your name," I said looking at her. She seemed like she was thinking of a million things as she contemplated whether to tell me her name or not. Was it really that difficult of a decision? With a huff she returned to her notes. "Okay," I said leaning back in my chair. "Blondie it is then." As time passed and I thought it was hours when it was in fact a few minutes, my ADHD started to kick in and my foot started tapping of its own free will shaking the desk. "Could you stop tapping your foot? I'm trying to work here," she said annoyed. "Sorry it's my AD- wait, did you say working?" I asked suddenly changing the topic. "You consider taking notes being work?" "Well, unless you consider what you are doing now as being work," she said. "Oh wait, you aren't." I shook my head at her. I found her more and more irritating. "Why the hell are you so worked up? You got to loosen up, girl." Before she could reply with another snarky comment or something, the teacher cleared his throat to get our attention. "Miss Chase, what did I say?" the teacher asked, stopping in his lesson. "You were saying how Shakespeare's plays managed to fascinate and catch the interest of all England," she answered and I stared at her. She was actually listening to the guy? Or was that one of her notes? Did she write everything he said in her notebook? The last thought sounded too ridiculous. "I'm glad you were paying attention," he said. His voice seemed different for some reason. Softer. "But please stop chit-chatting." With that, the teacher returned to his lesson about Shakespeare. Wait, he was still talking about Shakespeare? "Chit-chatting…" I muttered. "A thank you would be appreciated," Miss Blondie suddenly said. I stared at her, confused, but she was looking at the board. "What do you mean?" I asked. She turned her head to look at me. "He thought I was talking with Jane." She motioned her head to the girl that sat at a desk next to us. "Why the hell would he think you were talking with 'Jane'?" I asked dumbly. "Because last time I was." I raised an eyebrow at her. "Ooh. Is Miss Blondie a naughty girl?" Then I thought about what I just said. "Whoops, that came out wrong. But seriously, I didn't take you for a rebel type of girl." She didn't say anything as she stared at the blackboard or the teacher who looked to be still talking about Shakespeare. If this is what he's going to talk about every lesson, I won't be attending his classes ever again. After a few more minutes of total boredom, which consisted of starring outside, I looked at the board as the teacher was writing something on it, and even at this distance, which was just three meters, my dyslexia didn't enable me to read what he wrote. I nudged Miss Blondie as I pointed my pen at the board. "What is written on the board?" "Why don't you use your eyes and just read?" she said like I was an idiot. "Well, I can't, that's why I'm asking." "Yeah, right." "God what's your problem?" "Isn't it damn obvious?" "Well no, it isn't." "God, you're such an idiot." "Excuse me if we're not all Wise Girls like you," I said rolling my eyes. "Was that supposed to be an insult?" "Alright that's it." I glared daggers at her. "What the hell did I do to you? Why are you so… so-" "So?" I paused. "Acting like a total bitch." It was her turn to glare at me. "Oh excuse me princess! I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings." "Shut up." "Oh I really did hurt your feelings, didn't I? Who's rude now?" I tightened my hands into fist as I glared daggers at her and she did the same. "Bi-" "Chase! Jackson!" the teacher yelled silencing the whole class. "If you want to continue arguing, you can do it later in detention!" Miss Blondie's mouth hit the desk. "What?!" "Chase, you want more detention?" "No, sir." She looked down at her notebook. "Good, now both of you stop bickering!" Before I could think, my mouth opened. "Well it's your fault to put me in this seat in the first place," I retorted. "So if anyone has to go in detention, it's you, I think." The class was completely silent. I felt all eyes on me, including Miss Blondie. The teacher was turning even redder than before. "PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE!" he roared. "NOW!"