going to complain. The noise from the crowd died down slowly as he took his place at the microphone stand again. This time with a confident smile. He had already made the arrangements for the next song backstage. He surprisingly liked singing for a crowd. Why hadn't he done it yet? The only times he ever sung before now was with Will, in the quiet confinements of their apartment. "Hey dork," Nico said into the microphone, grinning, "this one's for you." He winked at Will as the music began and once again he launched himself into a song that meant a lot to him. When the days are cold And the cards all fold And the saints we see Are all made of gold When your dreams all fail And the ones we hail Are the worst of all And the blood's run stale Nico surveyed the crowd as he sang. He was too caught up in giving a final goodbye to Bianca while singing the last song, that he hadn't paid much attention to the crowd. The crowd seemed to sway with every beat of the song. He wondered if anyone would be able to make the connection to him through the song. He knew that Will would catch on soon, if he hadn't already. I wanna hide the truth I wanna shelter you But with the beast inside There's nowhere we can hide No matter what we breed We still are made of greed This is my kingdom come This is my kingdom come When you feel my heat Look into my eyes It's where my demons hide It's where my demons hide Don't get too close It's dark inside It's where my demons hide It's where my demons hide Nico tapped his foot along with the beats of the song, thoroughly enjoying himself. He realised he had made an understatement before. He didn't just like singing for a crowd. He loved it! Curtain's call Is the last of all When the lights fade out All the sinners crawl So they dug your grave And the masquerade Will come calling out At the mess you've made Nico looked over to where his friends were sitting. They were swaying to the beats of the song along with the crowd. All of them showed him thumbs up to encourage him more. He chanced a glance at Will who had joined the rest. He had an amused look on his face but besides that he too was swaying along with everyone else. Nico sent a smirk his way before he closed his eyes and all but drowned in the music. Don't wanna let you down But I am hell bound Though this is all for you Don't wanna hide the truth No matter what we breed We still are made of greed This is my kingdom come This is my kingdom come When you feel my heat Look into my eyes It's where my demons hide It's where my demons hide Don't get too close It's dark inside It's where my demons hide It's where my demons hide Nico looked up and locked eyes with Will, as he sang the next few lines. They say it's what you make I say it's up to fate It's woven in my soul I need to let you go Your eyes, they shine so bright I wanna save that light I can't escape this now Unless you show me how Constantly holding their gaze, Nico tried to convey to Will how he had felt when they had first started going out. How he had literally saved him just by noticing him and bringing him into light. How grateful he had felt when Will would make time especially for him. He wanted to convey more but he realised he didn't need to as understanding gleamed in Will' eyes. He smiled, letting Nico know that his message was received. Nico smiled back and closed his eyes as he sang the final verse. When you feel my heat Look into my eyes It's where my demons hide It's where my demons hide Don't get too close It's dark inside It's where my demons hide It's where my demons hide As the last music notes faded away, the crowd erupted into deafening cheers again. Nico opened his eyes and saw that Will was already sprinting towards him, the rest following him at his heels. The scene somehow looked so funny to Nico that he burst out laughing. He had just jumped off the stage when Will reached him and pulled him into a tight hug before letting go only to kiss him in front of everyone. Had it been any other day, Nico would have pulled away soon. But today it didn't bother him that they had an audience, which, as much as he could figure out before he lost his train of thought, had all but gone wild. Ignoring them, Nico reached up and wrapped his arms around Will's neck and pulled him closer as he got lost in the blissful kiss. A/N: So...how was it? Did you like the way Nico dressed up? And don't you agree that the song Demons just screams Solangelo! And how was Nico's first song? I mean...all the stuff he says to Bianca? I'm open for any discussions...you just have to PM me. I hope it wasn't too emotional. I'm a sucker for sad stories. Don't forget to review! Also I have been informed that I'm not supposed to put on the full lyrics of any song that is copy right and not written by me. I understand that and I wish I could write this up in any other way but I can't because that would defeat the whole purpose of this story. I hope you understand. And once again...I don't own any characters or lyrics or anything. Just the story. And please to review or at least fav it so I know that at least someone liked it. ^_^