have with us?" I asked putting some venom in my voice. He simply stared at me slightly amused. then looked at Lady Chaos and bowed. "Omega. stand" Lady Chaos said and looked at me. "Perseus, this is Omega, The leader of the Creed, He will be your mentor, trainer, confidant and comrade" I slowly put away riptide and approached Omega with my hand extended, which he accepted. He looked me and I felt as if he was looking at my soul, judging me. "The Creed is and Order created by Lady Chaos, we do not exist, we work in the shadows, the darkness guides us. we keep the peace and kill those who disrupt it, There is one member of the Creed on every planet, and only I and Lady Chaos know who the other members of the Creed are. Their names and faces. from today onward, Perseus is no longer your name. You will be known as Zeta, and we will begin your training today, Lady Chaos has informed me of your destined mission on earth." I stared at Omega in complete and utter shock, this was my new mentor and comrade, and he had just given me a new name. He basically told me that no one will ever know who I am, and I felt a pang of sadness in my heart but quickly flushed it out of my system. I do this for them, and If i need to disappear I will do it. "Perseus, I will bless you, your powers will increase and you will be able to blend into the shadows at will, you will be able faster, stronger, smarter. It will make you immortal, but you may still die if you are stabbed through and only through the heart." Lady Chaos said as she put her hand on my forehead and began chanting in some ancient language that I did not understand, I felt the power coursing through my veins, I can feel my blood accepting the new found power it had been given, once the process was done, Lady Chaos and Omega were staring at me in utter shock, I was about to ask why but then I felt a sudden flux within my body and I screamed in pain as I began to glow a bright white. Once the light died down, Omega was bowing down in front of me and Lady Chaos was looking at me with a warm smile. I felt, stronger, faster, smarter, I felt invincible. "Lady Chaos? Omega? what happened?" I asked. "Look around you Perseus." Lady Chaos said I looked around and found thousands of people bowing down to me, I can see at least 50 people who dress the same as Omega, I am confused on why everyone is bowing down to me that I didn't notice that I wasn't even standing on the ground. I looked around to Lady Chaos who just motioned me to look at the ground. I was flying. To say that I was confused was an understatement. "W-Whats going on?!" I asked in a Panic as Lady Chaos simply laughed. "Young Perseus, You my dear. are an archangel." Lady Chaos said as wings sprang out of my back, They were 15 feet wide and pure white. "What do you mean archangel?" I asked. "I knew you were destined for greatness, The archangel has been lost to us for millenniums, only one pure of heart, innocence and justice will be able to become the archangel, and for the first time in a many thousand years. You have become an archangel." Lady Chaos said, as I floated down to the ground still dumbfounded "What happens now?" I asked. Omega stood up with a huge grin on his face. and said "Do not fear the darkness, embrace it." "What?" I asked as Omega and Lady Chaos laughed. "What dear Omega means, is that You do not fear Darkness, embrace it since it is within everyone including me and you. Do not fear it since it as part of you, embrace it and bring it to the light" Lady Chaos said, as she walked towards the crowd with me and Omega by her side. "Today Is a glorious day!. The New Archangel has been crowned!. The Prince of the Universe found!. Rejoice! as today is a New Day!, the dawn of a New Era of Peace!. Roar for your new Prince!, Roar for Peace! Roar for A new Day! Roar for ZETA ARCHANGEL!" as soon as she said those words the crown erupted in a deafening roar of approval, shouting my new name. I was left speechless, I did not know how to respond, But I knew one thing. Erebus and whoever is with him will pay dearly for causing pain to those I love. To be Continued. . . Author's Note : Yey!, The First chapter is finally done. I apologize in advance if there are a lot of things that did not make sense, I tried my best to connect everything. I will explain more in the next chapter that will be featuring what happened when Perseus died in the Olympian throne room and when his body and soul vanished. including the gods and everyone else. This was a pure Percy Jackson POV. next chapter will feature multiple POV'S Please Read and Review, Leave your comments, no flames please. I appreciate constructive criticisms not destructive. I am also open to suggestions, like if you want to bring back Luke or the others back from the dead. I'm not sure if this should be a Precabeth story , so I put in a poll on my profile, please check it out. Don't worry If it won't be a precabeth story. I've already thought of a way to end their relationship. ! :))))) in a very evil way. :) Leave a review. and if it reaches 20, I'll post the next chapter right away. I'm already writing it as you are reading this. :))