your name or simply something about your past." Piper declared, feeling like this might be the final straw. Annabeth smacked her mouth, sending out a warning to the brunette, telling her that her patience was wearing out. Piper recoiled and stopped prying, knowing that she would be dreaming to get anything out of her. "Fine, I'll talk." Piper said, giving up to their Crime Lord. Annabeth turned her attention back on her, expression softened, and waited for her to start. Piper felt her eyes fixed on her, turning away, feeling a surge of nervous wave through her body, she took a few quiet breaths. Footsteps sounded around the corner, making Piper swallowed back everything. Both of them held their breath and listened carefully around them. Frowning, they glanced at each other with the same question in their mind, who? They were certain that no one in the jail would dare to disobey their rules, and they were also sure that they'd ordered everyone to stop anything from interrupting them when the light was off. None of them murmured anything, they just looked up when they felt a presence blocking their exit/entrance. Looking up, they could see the man in their doorway crystal clear. He wasn't stranger to either of them, but the man had always despised them, in which the feeling was mutual. In a way, the women saw the man as despicable. "The smoke ain't SOS." Annabeth rolled her eyes and muttered to no one in particular. "No shit." Piper muttered an agreement back. "Percy fucking Jackson." Annabeth spoke in an undertone, her speech full of distaste and dislike. "The motherfucker." She heaved out an audible sigh that covered up the swearing. "Touché." Piper nodded, agreeing whole-heartedly. They exchanged a weary and annoying but knowing smile, and with a shook of head from Annabeth, Piper stood up. "Who are you?" She demanded to the unexpected visitor harshly. Studying his face carefully and closely, she could feel his uncertainty and his doubts for his decision. Knowing that one more push might make him back up, she threw him another inquiry. "Why are you here?" Scowling, Piper could feel Annabeth's eyes on him, analyzing him from inside out. Seeing the fear in his eyes, Piper smirked inwardly. Staring at him with an intense forceful glare, she could also imagine the expression on the Crime Lord's face, her signature lop-sided grin. Percy's fearful reply made Piper want to laugh, she had intimidated him. Just as Annabeth pinched on to the short, almost-gone burning cigaret, pulling it away from her mouth after a deep inhale of breath. She held her breath to savor the taste of the smoke powdered particle. Averting her eyes away from the visitor, she could felt his eyes on her. The lop-sided grin grew wider on her face as she exhaled that long breath, eyeing the smoke coming out of her mouth and into the air. Pleased with the effect Piper had on Percy, she decided it was time to let put the visitor out of his misery and get her privacy back. When Annabeth was sure that Percy had finished checking her out, she cleared her throat, making Piper turn around to look at her. Motioning with her eyes, she told Piper to get rid of the guy. Piper understood and with an amused smirk tugging on her lips, she turned back to Percy. "The Crime Lord will not see anyone." She declared, sounding forceful. Percy staggered back a tiny step, and to prevent himself from stammering, he decided to remain silence. Seeing that he would not move, Piper glowered with contempt. "You will see your self out." She ordered. Percy started to turn away, knowing that the two girls wouldn't take him in this time, he wished to test his luck next time, so he let out a statement. "I wish to make an appointment with Annabeth Chase next time." He said, pretending to be calm on the outside, but the women could detect his scared feeling. Annabeth eyed his actions with an emotionless face and an amused eyes. When he disappeared around the corner to where he came from, they waited for a few moment before letting out a fit of merciless taunting laughter. "That fucker." She chortled, more to herself. Shaking her head in amusement at the bold actions carried out by the Hollywood star. Clicking her tongue when she thought of the possible reason to why the guy would know her full name, knowing that if it weren't for the celebrity's presence, the crowd would be punished somewhat. The ringing bell notifying them of the visiting hour had begun broke the peacefulness and the quietness between the two when Piper stood up, ready to walk out. "Jason's coming today." Piper announced, adjusting her bra strap and put on the tank top she had been clutching on this whole time, smoothing out the wrinkles. She stood with her hands on her hips, staring down at Annabeth as if waiting for her dismissal. "How do I look?" She asked, turning around. Laughing at Annabeth's friendly scowl, Piper turned and started to walk away. "Tell Grace I said hi." Annabeth called behind her, sourly. "And you owed me something, don't forget." She added as a reminder, obviously the latter was more important. "I will," Piper whispered with a nod of appreciation. "See ya." She waved, and much to her surprise, Annabeth waved back with a grin that hid and covered up all the bitterness in her. Reaching for the pack of cigaret she stored in her bra, she lit up the last tobacco currently on her. Tasting the cheap nicotine coming in from her mouth and going out from her nostrils, she threw her head back against the walls and shut her eyes, focusing her thoughts on the cigaret in her hand that was next to her mouth. Taking a sip whenever her mind started to drift off to the events that happened. A/N: Worth a review?