of why had Annabeth changed her style, nonetheless, Percy was the only one that knows the whole truth, even Thalia and Nico only knew part of it. The last two weeks pasted with nothing major happening. Annabeth would change the shades of her eyeliner and her lipstick according to her mood in the morning. People were still curious why she had changed, but they were only whispering, and soon after people seemed to have gotten used to the change and nobody bothered to think about it. The first day of her change, she had the darkest mood, and so her makeup color were the darkest. Black eyeliner, and black lipsticks. She still appeared in the library, but people usually wouldn't notice her, because she was too dark in color. She wasn't really interested in the graduation ceremony. Even with her change in style, her IQ and her behavior in class and everything else she presented to her teacher didn't change. She was the chosen valedictory long ago. At the time when she got chosen, she was so excited, she kept jumping around, Thalia almost thought she was high. She was extremely excited and looking forward to the graduation ceremony. After the party on that Friday night, she changed her view. Although she was still proud that she was the valedictory, but she wasn't planning on staying at the ceremony long enough for it to end. "Thals, can we leave after my valediction." She said more like a statement than a question. Thalia knew better not to argue. She simply just nodded. "Let me inform Nico, wait here, I'll be quick.", she left without another word. Weaving through the crowd, she didn't say another word, not even an 'excuse me', not that she wanted to be rude, its just that she didn't felt the need of saying it. Today was suppose to be a happy day, and she was somewhat relieved that she was finally graduating. Therefore, she wore the lightest makeup so far in the two weeks. She did not wore lipstick, instead she decided to wear lip gloss, not the shiny type, but just enough to kept her lips moist. Her eyeliner were not so smokey and dark like always, her eyeliner were thinner and lighter in shades for the sake of last day of school, and she also needed to face the whole school faculties and parents, she shouldn't be showing the school that she was a dark person. One streak of her hair was grey, not any kind of grey, but like the ones called space grey, She didn't bother to dye it back just for graduation, she decided to leave that way. Her clothes were a little different from the other days, instead of the black hoody, she forced her self to wear her normal clothes, but not the color she wore before the party. Her clothes were grey with a black jacket, not leather just fabric, and black skinny jeans, pure black, no blue mixtures, her shoes were converse with sea-green shoe laces, otherwise all black, but not shiny. She walked towards a corner, where she spotted Nico. Too bad that she had to face more than one person. Her former, or as she had always persuaded her self, former, best friends, Percy and Jason were with Nico. Her curls bounced, and her head slightly tilted downwards. Slowly, she approached Nico, not given even a glance to the other two, she put her left hand on his right shoulder, and said near his ears, "Wait for you five minutes at front gate after my valediction, bring no one, no come no go, your choice.", and with that, she walked away without glancing back. A hand tugged on her wrist. She knew who that was even without turning back, ⎡classy move⎦, she thought. She shook off his hand immediately after the touch, and before she started to walk again, "I don't want to hurt anyone in the last day of school.". Throwing this sentence over her shoulder, she walked away the same way she approached. She could feel that person, Percy's, longing stare on her back, but she didn't care, she tried to block that feeling away. She did that for half a month, and she could do that just one more time. Annabeth's words to Nico was not just for him, she knew perfectly well that Jason and Percy would heard her, and that was what she wanted. The 'bring no one' meant Percy and Jason, specifically Percy, and the three of them knew that very well deep down, but they wouldn't name names. Annabeth's valediction was a success to her, it improved her mood a little. She left right after she got off stage, she didn't even wait for the teachers to congratulate her, she didn't felt like celebrating. There would be a prom on the next day, but Annabeth didn't felt like going, nor did Thalia and Nico. Thalia wouldn't go because she thought prom organized by the school wouldn't be as fun. Annabeth, after 'that' party, would never wanted to have a date in a while, not even prom date, she just didn't felt like it; and she didn't felt that prom was her thing anymore. A/N: Please check out my other stories if you haven't, they were both one-shots, and they were completed. I welcome any kind of reviews. :) It will mean a lot to me if you review or comment on my story, and I will update, but I am not really sure when. You know, although I am on summer holiday, but I still don't have much time, still quite busy. Please understand that. Really hope someone will like my story. And I also hope my story made sense. If you have any questions, concerns, ideas, you are more than welcomed! Please review, and say whatever you want, and I will reply to your questions if you have one. Personal Messages are also welcomed! Stay tuned :D SapphireTrafficker