The only solution was to learn to cope with it and control it. Now that she knew. Annabeth knew that was exactly what the boys needed; but she also knew that she wasn't the one to tell them. No one was to tell them what to think or how to bear the pain, they'd had to figure it out themselves with hints guiding them. Compared to what Percy and Jason had been through, her history had been nothing. Nico, living in agony, and part of it was because of her. She was finally ready to tell her story to Piper, that was why she asked her to meet her in central park, but she never knew that she couldn't make it. "You're not the one to go insane Chase." Nico's stone-cold voice cut through her thought, lowering the temperature in her imagination, making her flashbacks more vivid and real. "You have not a single rights to do that." Annabeth knew arguing wouldn't do any of them any good, but many years of experience in the army told her that not fighting back meant showing weaknesses and giving up; and a qualified troop would never surrender. "If I have no rights, then you certainly don't have the rights to accuse me of something that I can't control." "You don't talk to him like that." Percy shoved Annabeth onto the wall that she was already leaning on after hearing the tone coming out of her that was aimed at Nico. "Or what?" "Or you will not be walking out of this place alive." Jason cornered her with a raised fist, ready to throw a punch at her face in anytime. "You have no idea what he had been through." Percy spat in her face. "Oh like you have." Annabeth snapped. "You're the reason why I'm like this." Nico growled from the side. "If you haven't-" "If I haven't what?" Pushing the two guys aside with immense strength that she had conjured out of her extreme anger and frustration, standing in front of Nico once again. "If I haven't paired up with her? If I didn't choose to protect Bianca and soak myself with the blood of other people?" "Don't you dare say her name." "I have every right to say whatever I wish to say." "She could've still be alive if you've given her your gun." "And watch me die?" She snorted angrily. "I highly doubt that she would be able to fend off the enemy with her shooting ability." "You underestimated her, and don't you dare speak lowly of her." He demanded, dead seriously. Pulling out a gun from his back pocket under his shirt in slow motion, meanwhile not breaking the intense eye contact with Annabeth. "You killed her. You have her blood on your hands." "I have more than just her blood on my hands. Those blood belonged to the people I killed trying to protect her." She argued, stepping closer at Nico who had already pointed a gun at her head. "Say another word and you will regret it." He growled. "Pull the trigger and you will regret it." She mocked in the same tone, however, her eyes were not focused on Nico nor his expression, it was more on the gun that was pointing at her. Nico's finger moved, his knuckle turned white due to his strong grip on the handle. Annabeth didn't flinch a bit when she noticed the movement of his fingers. She just stared with her fearless poker face. Nico shut his eyes close and bit his bottom lip, he pulled the trigger. At the same time the trigger was pulled, a rock flew towards the gun and hit right on Nico's tight grip on the gun handle. A yell of pain along with the sound of the gun hitting the floor was everything that echoed, the voice bounced off the empty walls on the sides of the alleyway. Nico turned to find the attacker in rage, he held his other hand that was bleeding. "I don't want to witness another death, innocent or not." Percy stated calmly, another stone in his hand, suggestively for backup incase the first stone didn't hit the target. His explanation was so short, yet so powerful due to the way he had said it. Jason stood next to him, still in a trance, in the state of shock. Overcoming it gradually, he stepped up to check the wound on Nico's hand. "The gun wasn't even loaded." Annabeth muttered, but sent an appreciated look at Percy nonetheless. To a soldier, anything in action would be more sincere than everything verbal, and Annabeth understood that deeply. A/N: This is a short song fiction inspired by the song by the American rock band, The Pretty Reckless , Prisoner from their newest album. Each chapter will be short and there will only be three chapters in total. Since it is a very short story, each chapter is no longer called a chapter, they will be called verses, just like in poetry. If you are a PJO fan, there is also an M-Rated story by me, called Love Can Be Frightening , it is long and it is a one-shot. Here's a very very small section from it just to hook you'all up: "Ladies first." Annabeth said, gesturing for the guy to go out first. She meant it as a joke and it was something that she always play with her friends. The guy laughed and walked out. "What a gentleman." He greeted before turning to his private elevator leading to his penthouse. Annabeth laughed, relieved that he got her joke and kidded back. The next update of this story will be up soon (that is, if I am satisfied with the reaction I got). How I Greet My Boyfriend will have another chapter posted if I have reviews, favorites and follows for the story Love Can Be Frightening . Go to my profile for updates and for finding stories written by me.