That was because Annabeth had kicked him in the shin of both of his legs. She gave him a death glare, which shut him up a little, but right after he turned away from her, he was planning on something again. "Shut the fuck up Malcolm." "Or what?" "Or you will pay." "Like what? The type that I just got?" "No, duh. That was just a warning." "Then what? I can't think of the almighty and high and the ca—" "Don't you dare finish that sentence. You know what I dread." "Spiders." "That's for both of us, idiot." "Then I don't know what you're talking about." "Insulting your own intelligence now Malcolm? Playing dumb? Wow, real mature." She scoffed and stood up, holding up her now empty tray and walked towards the bin. On the way there, she shoved the back of Malcolm's head and it almost banged on the table in front of him. "Ow! What was that for Annie?" "I have enough drama for my first day." She whispered in a low dangerous voice into his ear and left. Percy - italic bold; Annabeth - italic underline Free 2night? What? My mom's inviting u to our family diner How long can we stay out? Curfew's till 1 K So… Wat? Will u go? Go what? Ugh OH! Yea, sure. I mean why not. Yay! Dork Smartass Kelp Head Hey I'm offended Mission complete. Get back to ur work Nah… He's my stepdad, he'll let me slide R we really doing this? Texting when we're literally in the same room Problem? No. Just that, you're paying for my phone bill this month Deal Annabeth jerked her head up to his direction and raised an eyebrow, like 'seriously?!'. Percy just shrugged and went back to his phone. What? I was just jokin' No it's fine, what are movie stars for anyway ;) You're not a movie star, you swim. XD One movie's enough XP So far, only Luke, Jason, Malcolm and one of my boyfriend had payed for my bill once, and they were reluctant Well, then they suck :P Sure, if that's what you think Y r you so carefree? Huh? Define carefree As in no dignity You will understand if you have two perverted step brothers with an abusive step mom and a careless father. My family was always in chaos, and that's why I either live with Malcolm (because he stays with my/our biological mom longer) or Luke and Jason. Now u can have one more place to crash What do u want? Flirtatious now aren't we Jackass ;D Guilty Why is your mom so interested in me anyway? I mean you and I have never met. Ur mom and mine were best friends from college, they sorta lost contact, and when she heard about ur name, she just wanted to know more. Uh… Okay… What's ur last class? Duno Neither do I Meet me nearest Starbucks after school Y? Part time job duh Kkk, no need to be impatient. *eye roll* Annabeth wrinkled her nose in disgust, and looked up. She gave him a dirty look from the other side of the classroom, he smirked and looked at Mr Blofis who just walked passed. Annabeth leaned against the counter. Percy was taking orders while chatting with her. She quickly spotted a familiar mop of spiky black hair ordering. She did a double take, and slid her hand into her leather jacket's pocket and took out her phone. Leaning against the counter casually, she started to go over the apps and text messages in the phone that she just took. She smirked when she saw Percy trying to contain his serious looking face when he witnessed the whole scene. She clicked onto a photo of a girl with a chocolate-brown hair that is cut choppy and unevenly, and eyes that seemed to change color like a kaleidoscope. Annabeth smiled. "Mm… I've met her before." She commented, aware of spiky-hair's every move. Spiky-hair's head snapped towards her direction. She snatched the phone from her hand. "What the fuck are you doing here Annie?" Then she looked at Percy. "You're already hooking up with my cousin on your first day of school?" "God, you really do have a dirty mind Thals." Annabeth face palmed and pulled Thalia aside and slid into an empty booth. "I need you to confirm something. What's going on between Jason and Piper?" "They're dating." "Then why isn't Jason publicizing it?" "'Cuz. How do I freakin' know!" "You're his sister." "That doesn't mean I have to know every single detail about his sex life." "He still thinks that I don't know about Piper." Annabeth laughed, and Thalia laughed along. "Piper seems to be doing a good job at playing two faces then." "Indeed." "Your drink ma'am." Percy slid next to Annabeth and put another cup in front of her. "What's this?" "Your drink." "Flavor?" "Caramel Cappuccino." "Hmm…" "What? Not even a thank you?" "Thank you." "Better." "You done?" "Yea, or why else would you get a free drink?" "Dunno, sudden act of chivalry from you." Percy rolled his eyes. "There ain't no chivalry nowadays, young lady." "O'really? Prove it then, young heartthrob." "I would, if you promise me not to beat me up." "Just give him a kiss and shut him up already Annie." Thalia groaned as they stood up to leave. "What are you on to now?" Annabeth glared at her suspiciously, Thalia just shrugged. "Anyway. Bye." "Where are you two going?" "Mom invited her." "Whoo~ Getting an approval?" Thalia taunted. "Shut up." Percy raised a hand up to ruffle her hair, but was gotten swatted away by Thalia, along with an annoying look. A/N: I am also working on a Harry Potter fan fiction at the same time, it will be posted soon. The next update will be up under two circumstances: 1. The first chapter of the Harry Potter fan fiction is ready to be posted 2. I got reactions from readers.