whistled for Blackjack. When the pegasus arrived, Percy said, "Hey, can you bring us back to camp?" Of course, boss. Didja get me donuts? "I'll give you some when we get back to camp. And don't call me 'boss,'" Percy said, mounting the black pegasus. . . . Boss, Blackjack teased. "Shut up," Percy grumped, helping Annabeth on. "What's the argument about this time?" she asked in an amused tone, rubbing Blackjack's right flank affectionately. "The boss thing." The boss thing. Percy and Annabeth decided to sit at the Athena table for dinner. Her siblings eagerly responded to Percy's request, loudly and cheerfully singing/shouting "Happy Birthday," while Annabeth blushed and hid her face in Percy's arm. Percy watched, laughing, as the rest of the camp spontaneously joined in the singing. After dinner, Percy led Annabeth to the docks overlooking the canoe lake. They sat together, their legs swinging just above the water. The full moon's bright glow reflected serenely off the lake, making it look silvery and magical (he had to thank Artemis later). Percy was going to give her the ring this time. This time, for sure. "Annabeth," Percy began, turning to her, "we've—well, known each other for a long time, like you said, and have been dating for—for two years now." Percy internally cringed. He was such a terrible romantic. He cleared his throat, choosing to ignore that Annabeth was silently laughing. "And I can't imagine anyone else I'd want by my side—whether it be fighting a monster, or" —he scratched his head nervously— "going to college." Percy shakily took out the box that held the ring. "We're kinda too young to get married, but I have a promise ring for you — to show that you'll always come back to me. If you want," he blurted out. Now Percy wanted to curl up into a ball and die. This was embarrassing. He looked up and watched Annabeth's face cautiously. What would she say? What if— Percy's thoughts screeched to a sudden halt as Annabeth grabbed the front of his shirt and kissed him. His mind went blank as he closed his eyes. It felt like that it was the two of them in this world. When they came up for air, he met Annabeth's shining gray eyes and managed to weakly say, "So, um, is that a yes?" Annabeth's eyes were slightly teary. She threw her arms around him and practically yelled, "You're such a Seaweed Brain!" Annabeth let go of him and sniffed once. She smiled, making Percy want to melt into a puddle. "As long as we're together, right?" Percy grinned back and opened the box. He gently slid the ring onto her left ring finger. They held hands for what seemed like eternity, the band sparkling. "You like it?" he asked. Annabeth stretched out her hand, examining it. The ring was gold—with two small diamonds and an emerald in the middle. "It's beautiful. And . . . it's basically us." She pointed at the precious stones. "See? The emerald for your eyes, and the diamond for me." " Exactly." Percy said in approval. "It took a lot of interceding through Leo to get Hephaestus to help with this one." "Well, I like it," Annabeth said matter-of-factly, putting her hands on the docks. "And I'm gonna never let you go, ever ," she said, leaning in for another kiss. But that romantic moment was ruined when something hit Percy in the face. He flinched, making Annabeth lose her balance and almost fall into the lake. Thankfully, due to years of training, she steadied herself. Percy frowned as he peered down into the water, watching something orange bobbing in the lake. "Is—Is that a Cheeto?" "No PDA!" a voice yelled from behind them. Percy and Annabeth scrambled to their feet and stared in amazement as practically the whole of Camp Half-Blood leaped out from behind the bushes . . . armed with bags (and what looked like water guns, in the Hephaestus cabin's case) full of different varieties of Cheetos. "Seriously," Percy complained, "is this gonna happen every time Annabeth and I go to the canoe lake to talk?" But he was smiling. "Of course, Prissy," Clarisse shot back, smirking. "Don't think you're getting off the hook that easily." She raised her bag of twisted Cheetos. "CHARGE!" she roared, the rest of the camp running toward Percy and Annabeth gleefully. Percy glanced at Annabeth, and she seemed to get the unspoken message. They both took a step back, and he grasped her hand. They swiftly turned around, Cheetos bouncing off their backs, and jumped High School Musical- style into the lake. To Percy, this moment was highly reminiscent of two years ago, on his sixteenth birthday . . . except that they were being attacked with Cheetos this time. The cheesy snacks floated like a blanket on top of the two, making Percy wonder whether the naiads were going to flip out again. As Percy formed another underwater bubble for Annabeth and himself, he vaguely thought about how Nancy Bobofit was doing. He grinned slightly as an insane redhead with liquid-Cheeto freckles came to mind. It was funny how she used to bother him so much. He met Annabeth's sparkling gray eyes and felt such a rush of pure, unadulterated love course through his body. His grin felt like it was going to spill off his face. And he didn't care. As he wrapped his arms around his girlfriend—no, his soulmate —Percy knew that he was happiest when he had his Wise Girl by his side. Nothing and no one would ever bother him again. Because as long as they were together . . . They were safe. They were content. They were complete. Fin So what do you think? Was it presentable? A sequel, perhaps? This was my first experience at writing romance at all , but I kinda enjoyed it. Leave any comments in the review box down there, and I'll see ya'll soon!