at the green plastic in my hand. "I guess it just reminds me I can't do that any more, it's not my birthday it's self or anything. It's just bad memory's tend to show up. I can't stop it so it's better to stay locked up until it's over" his eyes were soft on me as if he was looking at something precious, I would never understand why he thought I deserved someone like him. The almost always happy, bubbly very annoying, amazing will solace. "That doesn't mean you should be sad Nico. I can see that smile. Talking about them helps, I know it does" I rolled my eyes at him but couldn't help but smile a little "talking to you always helps stupid, even if your annoying" will winked at me "I'm always here, if you need to "talk"" I just shook my head amused and laid down to cuddle into him. His arms tightened on me and he kissed my shoulder "I'm serious though, I'm here. And I'm not going anywhere got it?" I nodded in the crook of his neck. "Good... Oh! Before I forget. I got you a present, and before you say anything shut up cause I want you to have it". I sat up so I was on his lap and he was up right, the blankets fell off us and landed somewhere on the floor. We were in a very compromising position if anyone was to walk in. Not that anyone would, it was the hades cabin after all. The only ones who did were my closest friends, hazel and the knuckle head beneath me. he knew I hated it when he wasted his money on me. I would rather him just be with me any day. Will pulled a little box out of his shorts pocket. It was a little red rectangle box with a black bow on it, the little tag on the side said to my sunshine, I shook my head and took the box. "you shouldn't have will, i mean it. You didn't have to" he just shrugged. His smile was back, annoyingly so. That gorgeous bright smile that looked so out of place in the dark gloomy hades cabin, I felt like I had to find sun glasses so I didn't go blind. It was like looking at the... Well at the sun, no pun intended. I sighed and oped the box. In side was a necklace, It was like those ones you got in the army, the dog tags. It had two mettle tags, one was engraved the words 'all was golden in the sky when the day met the night' and on the other tag it said 'ti amo mr castigo e oscurità'. I smiled and looked up at him. "One: panic at the disco really?" Will laughed a little and shrugged his shoulders "it's a good song, don't you dare try to deny it" I rolled my eyes slipping the neckless over my head "and two: who'd you go to to find out how to say I love you mr doom and gloom in italian?" "Annabeth, she knows everything apparently. I IMed her and she told me I was stupid not to know and I shouldn't annoy her while she's studying" I couldn't help but let out a snort of laughter. Will was good at many things, healing, making jokes, surfing, being all round amazing... But it would be a miracle if he learned a different language, well other than the obvious greek. he gave me a fake pout to which I just leaned over and kissed him. I could have stayed there all day saying he was stupid but I'd much rather be kissing him. I had my issues, I missed my family and could always feel the death around me but I had will and my friends. I leaned my head against his and smiled "so you like it?" He whispered breathlessly "what do you think sun spawn?" He chuckled and leaned back in. That's how it was every year on my birthday from that time on, will would come in to my cabin and we would talk. He would tell horrible jokes trying to get me to smile, or we'd just lay down on the lounge and or bed, just to be together. We told each other stories, I told him about my good and bad times, he would as well. He told me about how his mortal mother worked as a surgeon and how his older moral brother was studying to be a lawyer. I tried and failed teaching him words in italian. I told him about Tartarus, all of the pain and suffering I had went through. The destructive thoughts that buzzed around my head in that jar. How I thought about not eating the seeds, just giving up and going to my father. Everyone else stayed away on that day, only wishing me well the day before or the day after. Even hazel knew to stay away, she understood and she didn't judge. When we were older it was the same, will would drop our adoptive daughter Christina off with hazel, frank and their two kids at their place in new Rome. Then come back to me where we would do what we always did. My birthday wasn't so horrible after all, just hard to deal with sometimes. Today on my 28th birthday, I lay in mine and my husbands bed, him asleep next to me. I smile down at my silver necklace still around my neck to this day and the little green man in my hand. No my birthday wasn't bad at all. hay so was it okay? I know there is a lot of room for improvement but I haven't had the time. I couldn't resist writing this. I won't be on here much due to family medical reasons so I thought I'd put it out now. I'm sorry if you didnt like it .