to you later Lillie." He dismissed us. Percy looked at me uncertainly. I glared right back at him. " Can I help you?" I asked rudely. " So you're actually my sister?" I rolled my eyes." No." He looked at me. " Of course I'm your sister. What do you think that water was a hallucination?" " I guess not. What did Chiron mean when he said you forgot a lot from camp when you left? He sounded uncertain when he said left." " Listen. I don't want to share my life story so I'll tell you a little bit. I was at Camp Half-Blood when I was six. I ran away and stayed with Dad for a couple weeks and ran away from there to. I've been on the run ever since. Is that good enough?" He slowly nodded." I don't understand something. Why did you come to Camp Half-Blood when you were six?" That question brought back bad memories." I'm a daughter of Poseidon. Monsters can sense us more than other demigods. Is this our cabin?" I changed the subject. " Yep. Cabin of Poseidon." He said proudly. I stared at the blue cabin. It was beautiful. He lead me inside the cabin. " You don't like to clean up after yourself do you?" The cabin was a mess. It had all sorts of things on the floor and it was just disturbing how much of a mess a teenage boy can make. I gagged. There was an awful stench coming from a dirty pair of socks. " When was the last time you cleaned up?" " Um a few days ago." He said. " Geez you're disgusting. No wonder you don't have a girlfriend." I taunted. " I do to have a girlfriend. Her name is Annabeth. She is amazing and beautiful. She is also smart and she is-" " The counsellor for the Athena cabin." I finished his sentence. " How'd you know?" " The kid I was looking after in New York, Sam, he is in the Athena cabin." " Oh." " Yea so where am I gonna sleep." I said this as a statement rather than a question. " Here. Sorry about the mess though. I don't have Tyson cleaning up after me anymore. " He brushed off a bed." This can be yours if you want." I nodded." Thanks. Where is the bathroom?" " Over there." He pointed to a room connecting to this one. " I'm gonna change." I got my pjs from my bag. I changed into my pjs. I walked out of the bathroom and crawled into bed. Percy walked past me and climbed up to the top bunk. " Night." I called. " G'night Lillie. Sleep tight." He said his voice drifting away as I fell asleep. *Dream* 'I dream of a boy. He is facing away from me. I can't see his face twell. We are outside a large school and he is crouched over his hands. I want to groan. Boys are heartbreakers. He is a couple inches taller than me which isn't that tall seeing as I'm very short. He looks like a really skinny Latino Santa's elf. He has dark curly hair, and long, thin fingers. He looks around and fiddles with his hands. ADHD. I immediately think to myself. I take a closer look at his callused hands and see that he isn't fiddling with his hands. He's making some sort of mechanical device. I have no idea what it is. I'm no daughter of Hephaestus. He holds it up in the sun to let its rays make it shine. He looks at it studying it. It is a metal heart that will hook to a necklace. Even I have to admit it is really pretty. He shakes his head and disassembles it in a heartbeat. I walk in front of him and study his face. I can't see his eyes but the rest of his face looks easygoing yet a little worn and sad. He lifts it up again. I gasp. It is even more beautiful than the last one. He looks up just as three boys enter the yard. They are muscular boys and they look angry. " Are you done?" The leader asks. " Yea." He replies. " Give me it. Sheila is waiting for her present." I look at the boy. He sighs and hands over the beautiful heart. The leader grabs it with his left hand and grabs the boys hand with his right. He desperately tries to take back his hand. The leader squeezes it and I can hear bones crack. I wince as the boy yelps in pain." You're a waste of space. Get lost." The leader says as his minions laugh. He lets go of his hand and the boy takes off. I follow the boy through alleyways and across streets. He clutched his hand to his chest so it was obvious he was in pain. I don't blame him, that other kid probably broken his hand in several places. He skidded to a stop in an alleyway and looked up into a window. He sighed and slumped against a wall. After a few seconds of staring at his hand, he looked around and started making something with the things around him. I watched in curiosity at what he was building. After he was finished with what looked like a ladder, he ripped off some of his shirt and wrapped it around his hand tightly. He started to throw the ladder up to the window. The windowsill must have jutted out from the other side because the hooks from the contraption stayed. He tested it a few times and started to slowly climb up the ladder. He finally made it up after almost falling a few times and heaved himself through the window. He started treating his hand when someone busted down the door.' That's when I woke up. * I only own Lillie and Sam.