wasn't really anything special about on the ground floor. On the porch there are lounge chairs that overlook long island sound and a table with a game that I never seen on it, wait no it's pinochle. Inside the big house there was a ping pong table that had kids piled all around it, all of them looking scary then the next. So instinctively I true to hide behind Luke. Well Sarah did the exact opposite. She stood up taller and tried to stick her butt and breast out in a seductive way and it actually worked on some of the guys. I think it just makes her look out rigorously stupid. "Sup councilors." Said Luke casually "so why are you guys meeting and why was I not invited." The oldest person there, who so happens to be in a wheelchair and looked to be in his middle ages but his eyes told a different story was the one to respond "Luke you do know that you're not a councilor right? And we're meeting her because your father is suppose to be arriving today." "Really he is? The rumors were actually true." Luke said blankly. The man in the wheelchair laughed "Yes i do believe that this is one of the few times that the rumors are true." "Umm, if you don't mind me interrupting" Sarah said with fake innocence "but who is Luke's father." "Well my dear do you already know that you're a demigod?" the man spoke "A demigod?" Instead of the man answering, I answered "Half god half mortal. We are all demigods aren't we, that's why that blood hound attacked me and that's why the Dracaena attacked Sarah. Also your shirts say camp half blood, which must be slang for demigod." "Very good my dear but I'm not a demigod I am... I interrupted the man's sentence, I know not very polite but I was on a roll "You're Chiron aren't you? THe centaur." "Yes" replied Chiron. "Wait, what?" Said a shell shock Sarah. "My dear one of your parents is a Greek god." "huh." Was the only intelligible thing she could say. Chiron sighed knowing this would take a while so he courtly dismissed the councilors and began to go into depth on the world of a demigod. But one of the councilors stayed, he had a bow slung across his back and was talking to Luke like he was an old friend of his. Once Chiron was done he asked if we had any question, I already knew all the answers to mine so I was good but Sarah on the other hand was like a machine gun. "The gods are real?" "Is my mom or my dad a god?" "Can we date other people at the camp even if they're family on the godly level?" "Do we really have to fight any monsters?" "Do we have to do chores?" "Who's Luke's father and why is he Coming here?" This one question was not as pointless as the others. As Chiron began to open his mouth to answer a bright flash lit up the room and left me blinded for a couple seconds. "I believe sweetheart that I am Luke's father. The great and mighty Phoebus Apollo. For the reasons I'm here well lets say i got in some major trouble with daddy-o." The man said with a wink and a cocky grin. He then turned to the two boys who were staring at him in disbelief and sent a nod in greeting, it was obvious that they felt very awkward seeing their father for most likely the first time. The man is the most handsome guy that I have ever seen and probably ever well. He had golden hair that was curly but in a sexy way and eyes so blue I almost thought the sky got trapped in them. He was also tall, I think maybe around 6'3 and also had a perfect body that made any girl blush and immediately fall for him. Also his smile was so bright and so perfect that I don't think it's godly possible. "Lord Apollo, I believe that Asher has prepared a bunk for you in your cabin." said As soon as I was out of my shock confusion started to settle in, wasn't there an ancient law that prevented gods from visiting their kids. "Lord Apollo, if i haven't mistaken isn't there a rule against the gods visiting their kids and this would most definitely be a violation." He then noticed me for the first time, the cocky grin falling off his face as he stared deep into my eyes. It felt like he could see my future and every single lie that I have ever told. it was unnerving to say the least but i kept my eye contact the entire time until the smile made its reappearance on his face and he spoke brightly. "The rule had been abolished after the war against Gaea which was about 5 years ago. I thought everyone was made aware of that" he said turning to Chiron for confirmation. The centaur looked puzzled by the fact that i knew that but he knew he had to answer for this god wrath was one you would rather not face. "She is new here only arrived a hour ago." "Well that is new" said Apollo with a smile "What is your name he asked." "Amoris." "Amoris, very beautiful name for a very beautiful girl." He said with a flirtatious wink that seemed almost forced. I then looked into his sky blue orbs and saw something that i never expected to see, pain and betray covered with the glimmer of happiness that seemed on the verge of breaking and I knew at this moment that I was in love with him. I could even hear the sound of wedding bells and children laughing. I also felt a bond being formed between us that not even Aphrodite could break it.