She awoke to a large tray of food placed on the nightstand. And every once in a while, Tony and Rochelle would drop in and ask if she needed anything. And this breakfast was HUGE. There were two plates of bacon, one turkey bacon and the other normal bacon, one large plate with five fried eggs on it, one cup filled with coffee, two plates with both waffles and pancakes on each of them, a tall bottle of syrup, and a huge bowl of sugar packets and creamers. Annabeth barely ate, but Rochelle and Tony didn't really mind. At about ten o' clock, Annabeth left and went back home to find Percy in his bedroom on the bed. His face was wet, his eyes were red, and the pillow under his head was damp. "Percy, what are you doing?" Annabeth marched into the room, her voice flat and emotionless. Percy sat up quickly. He flipped his pillow over and he crossed his arms. "I'm sleeping." He said. Annabeth rubbed her forehead. "I know you're crying." She crossed her arms over her stomach. "I am not." Percy stared sadly at his wife. "And...I got papers for us to be divorced." He sighed. He got off the bed and reached into a drawer in his nightstand. He pulled out several documents and handed them to Annabeth. She threw them to the ground. "We're not getting a divorce. But I am leaving. I spent the night at the Nickelson's house, and they let me look online for houses in the next country over." "In the next country OVER? Annabeth, you can't do that!" Percy gasped. Annabeth rolled her eyes. "Percy, you know my memory is never returning. You don't know what it's like, living with someone I don't even know!" She bit her lip and stormed the room. Percy was left, stunned. Annabeth was never like that before. I mean, yeah, she got mad, but never got to be screaming and sleeping at another house. But Percy had no clue what Annabeth had planned for the night... Percy had gone to work without even telling Annabeth. But Rachel soon came in. "Annabeth...about last night..." She immediately started saying. "No, no. It's okay. But...I know Percy's a bad person, now." Annabeth said to Rachel. Rachel was still up to her lies, but today she knew she knew what she had to say. "Annabeth...you have to...kill Percy." She stated at the end of the day. Annaebeth nodded. "Yes. But how can I do it?" She asked, and before Rachel could answer, Percy raced through the door. "I knew you'd be back!" He shouted. Rachel sneered. "Shut up, Percy!" She scowled and then left the house, before there was any screaming. Percy slammed the door. "Don't you ever let her back in this house." He said and went into the kitchen. Annabeth watched as he disappeared down the hall. She lifted one of the cushions on the couch. And below it, was a razor sharp blade of a dagger. Her fingers wrapped around the leather handle, and slowly picked it up, hiding it behind her back, as she started to walk into the kitchen... She slowly, carefully, stepped into the kitchen. Her eyes were fixed on the small of Percy's back. He was turned away from her, facing the fridge where he started to unpack his groceries. There was a tiny voice ringing in Annabeth's head. It was a woman's voice. A very clear, soft, but stcrict and ancient voice. Annabeth got flashbacks of the woman, though. She got them almost every time the woman would speak in her head. And once again, the image returned. A gentle, kind, pale face of a woman. Dark brown curly hair, wrapped into a ponytail by a gold band. Her eyes were a gorgeous grey but Annabeth could barely focus on them because they kept shifting, like they were trying to calculate a million things at once. Then the voice spoke: "Dear...the small of his back is vulnerable. Go for it. That blade is the only thing keeping you from living a normal life..." Then, Annabeth walked behind Percy. She raised the fine tip of the dagger in the air, and brought it down. But right before it hit Percy, Annabeth stopped. Her mind was blank. She blinked twice. She forgot who she was for a second time. Where was she? What was a weapon doing in her hands? She gasped, and placed the dagger on the counter silently. She suddenly knew what was happening. Tears sparked across her eyes. An overwhelming happiness flickered down in Annabeth's heart. She grabbed Percy's shoulder, spinning him around. "Woah! Are you alrigh-" Percy was shocked as Annabeth kissed him. It was a kiss of pure love and compassion. For the first time in a full month, Annabeth had understood. SHe knew who she was. She knew why she was there. And she knew why she was married to such a great guy like Percy. Percy finally backed up away from Annabeth. "Wow..." was all he could say. "Percy...I remember! I remember you!" Annabeth yelled, tears streaming down her face. "I love you so much Percy!" She lay her head on Percy shoulder. Percy chucked softly. He rubbed Annabeth's back. "Annabeth...you'll always be my Wise Girl." He said, and together they stood, taking in all of the memories, which could never be replaced... Hey, guys! If you actually read that whole thing, I'm shocked. :D But here's the question for you to answer. Well, there's actually two. So here they are: 1. Why was Rachel trying to get Annabeth to kill Percy? 2. Who was the mysterious woman talking to Annabeth in her mind? Remember! Put your answers in the comments, and the first person to get BOTH right, gets to name a topic for a CHB story, and I'll write about it! So good luck everyone! I love you all, and I'll be back next week to read the comments! Bye! :D