was her responsibility now. She would do whatever she had to do to make sure that their child was safe as long as it was with her. "I will." Poseidon cupped her cheek gently, the way he often did during their summer together. "It will be alright, Sally. I have faith in you. I know you'll be a wonderful mother. Our child is in good hands." Sally took a deep breath. If Poseidon had faith in her, then she needed to have faith in herself, too. He looked down at the brochure in her lap. "I cannot be a part of the child's life. It is much too dangerous. If I could…if things were different- " "I know." Sally placed a hand over one of his. "I understand, Poseidon." He smiled sadly at her. "You are so strong, Sally Jackson. It's one of the things I admire most about you." A small smile made its way onto her lips. "Thank you," she replied quietly. Poseidon lifted her hand to his lips and pressed a final kiss against her trembling skin before dissipating into thin air, leaving behind only the warm, homey feeling of his presence. August 18, 1993 Sally had been preparing for the arrival of her baby boy for the last nine months. She worked as much as any one of her employers would allow her, and spent the little free time she had shopping for baby supplies and reading up on her Greek mythology at the nearby public libraries. If her son was going to be tracked down and hunted by horrible creatures, then she needed to know who they were and what they looked like. She wasn't supposed to be due for another week, but Baby Jackson had other ideas. Unpredictable, just like his father. It was about four a.m. when Sally woke up to a strong pain in her lower abdomen. She was frightened at first, thinking that maybe something was wrong with the baby when she realized. She steeled herself and grabbed the bag she'd had packed for weeks and the small car seat tucked away in the closet. She threw on some new pants and took a cab to the hospital, nearly scaring the pants off the driver when she groaned through an especially strong contraction. You better not give birth in my cab, lady! She'd rolled her eyes at that one and told him to keep driving. She checked herself into the hospital and sat in the waiting room for a nurse. Her hands fidgeted with the strap of her overnight bag and the hem of her t shirt. She couldn't believe she was about to have a baby. In less than 24 hours, she'd be holding her son. "Sally Jackson?" She looked up at the call of her name. A pretty African American woman in scrubs smiled warmly at her. "We're ready for you, dear." Sally swallowed hard and shakily hauled herself out of her seat. She waddled over to the nurse and sat down in the wheelchair she'd brought out for her. "Let's go have a baby, shall we?" Ten hours and a whole lot of pain later, a red-faced, screaming baby boy was placed into Sally Jackson's arms. She was sweaty and exhausted and just so ready to sleep, but the little boy cradled against her chest was just so beautiful and so magnificent and he was hers and she just couldn't find it in herself to look away. Or stop crying. She allowed the nurses to take him away to get cleaned up and measured. They insisted she rest, but she couldn't. Sally stayed awake until they wheeled her baby back into the room in a small, clear bassinet. He was quiet now, squirming slightly in his swaddled blanket. The nurse handed the baby to Sally, knowing that she wasn't going to sleep any time soon. "Have you thought of a name for him, yet?" She actually had, but none of them seemed right, now that she could see her son. She studied him for a second, admiring how much he looked like Poseidon. She thought about the things he'd warned her about. Protect my child. Suddenly, a name crossed her mind. It was brief, but she remembered reading a story about a Greek demigod who had actually lived a full life. One of the only happily-ever-afters in the myths. "Yes," Sally replied, growing more and more fond of the name by the second. "Perseus. Perseus Jackson." The nurse jotted the name down on her clipboard and smiled at Sally. "Well, Sally, I'll leave you and little Perseus alone for a while. Ring if you need anything. I'll come back and check on you two soon." Sally thanked the nurse and turned her attention back to the now-sleeping child in her arms. She already loved him so much, it hurt. "I promise I'll never let anything happen to you." She gently kissed his little head and stroked his cheek softly. Maybe he wasn't supposed to exist, but her son was a miracle in disguise. He was the best parts of her and Poseidon. If he grew up to be anything like his father, then she knew he'd be alright. She watched his tiny chest rise and fall rhythmically and for the first time since she was a little girl, Sally knew that she wasn't alone. And she never would be again. This actually ended up being a lot longer than I thought it would lol. Anyways, this was just something that I was inspired to write after realizing how badass of a character Sally Jackson was. Also, I've been wondering for a long time just how that summer went with Poseidon so I came up with this. Sorry she cried so much in this story, btw. Didn't intend for that to happen. Just kinda did. Well I hope you enjoyed the story because I enjoyed writing it. Leave some reviews and let me know what you thought of it