with because he couldn't leave her side. He had never really thought about how his misfortunes had effected his bounties. But one thing was for certain, if any moment in his life were to change, he might not have her by his side. "She's amazing…" he commented, his words filled with love. Artemis smiled proudly at him. "Respect her, love her, take care of her." She ordered. Percy nodded his head with a smile, knowing that the goddess had respect for all females and mistrusted most males. "You also have wonderful friends, Perseus and many of them would give their lives for you. You are a good person and even though your fatal flaw is personal loyalty, it is also a strength. Never forget that." Percy was now recognizing just how much good had come out of the bad for him. Without the bad, he would never have met his friends, Annabeth, Grover, Tyson, Rachel, Frank, Hazel, Jason, Piper, Leo, Reyna, and all the others. All the people he loved. "Your father loves you, few demigods get that benefit. You've saved the world, you're a hero. You have a place to call home. You have a place where you're safe from harm too." Percy smiled. "You are blessed Perseus Jackson, people have had far less." The son of Poseidon turned to the goddess with pleasure. "Thank you." He told her and she nodded her head respectively. "If there is a God, Perseus, then He is most certainly taking care of you," she replied with certainty. "If you will except Jesus into your heart and trust Him to take control of your life, then I can almost guarantee you'll be okay." "Why are you telling me this?" Percy questioned, suspicious. Artemis smiled and turned her eyes to the moon and Percy saw how it was reflected in her pupils. "Would you believe me, Perseus...?" Artemis started to ask. "…If I told you that someone awesome told me to?" Percy followed her eyes to the moon, just a crescent in the sky and he could swear that it looked more like a smile then it ever had before. "Yes." He answered, confidently. That was apparently all the goddess needed to hear, because she then stood up. "Well, I must return to my hunters. They surely have noticed my absence by now." Percy looked up at her with bright sea green eyes and he hoped she understood just how much this conversation had meant to him. "Tell Thalia I don't miss her." He said with a sly grin. Artemis rolled her eyes. "I shall tell my lieutenant that you said hello." She replied. Percy laughed. "Yeah, okay." He agreed. Artemis' smile glowed and just as Percy thought she was about to leave, she spoke again. "Remember, Perseus," she advised, gesturing to her surroundings. "The gods may control what you see, but we cannot create more of it and we cannot control what you cannot see. That is all Grace." Percy smiled and nodded. "Goodbye, Lady Artemis." He told her, respectively. "And thank you." "Goodbye Perseus." Just as soon as Percy blinked the goddess was gone. He smirked and stared at the edge of the water in the distance, where stars twinkled above. He could see how everything he had now was given to him for a reason and how all of this was planned by an almighty God who loved him. The only thing he wasn't sure of yet, was if he was ready to except Jesus into his heart. All in good time, Perseus. Said Artemis' voice in the back of his mind. "Hey Seaweedbrain." Percy looked up to meet the blond princess curls and stormy grey eyes of Annabeth Chase. He grabbed her hand with a smile and pulled her into his lap. "Hey Wisegirl." He greeted, their noses almost touching. Annabeth ran a hand through his mop of jet black hair. "I was worried about you, so I went to check your cabin and when you weren't there, I figured you were here." She explained. Annabeth punched him in the arm playfully. "You scared me, you idiot!" she laughed. Percy laughed with her. "Sorry, Wisegirl." He apologized. "What are you doing out here, anyway?" she asked raising an eyebrow. "Shouldn't you be getting some heroic rest?" "I don't know how to explain it." He told her truthfully, looking a little embarrassed. "Try me." She dared, hugging his neck. "I just had this feeling," he told her. "Like I needed to be here." And as he said it, he realized now more than ever that he truly was being cared for by someone far greater than the gods. Annabeth smiled at him and kissed him like she always did and Percy knew he loved her with everything he had. She was the most beautiful woman he'd ever met, he'd never say it out loud though, because Aphrodite was sure to curse him for it. The point was, he loved her and he shared pretty much everything with her and some day he was going to marry her. As soon as they broke apart he turned his head to the stars and Annabeth followed his gaze. The moon still shone bright in the water. A satellite was visible overhead. The Huntress shot her arrows across the dark blue atmosphere. Percy smiled. "Annabeth?" he asked, staring into her beautiful orbs. "Yeah, Percy?" she replied, with a loving tone. Percy sucked in a breath and silently thanked God for everything he had just before he replied. "Do you believe in God?" The water rippled in response to his curiosity and the stars seemed to twinkle brighter overhead. And the daughter of Athena smiled. How was that? Please express your thoughts in a review. Constructive criticism is always appreciated, but flames will be ignored. This is my first time writing Artemis, so I would appreciate some feedback on how I did on writing her. Thanks for reading guys. Don't forget to review. :) Samantha's Library.