heard this, he wondered if he phrased it the wrong way and scared her. He decided it didn't matter, he'd tell her and then she'd get it anyway. He was just about to tell her, but… That's when something weird happened. Andrew got up. Why was he getting up? He needed to tell Percy about his feelings, the faster the better, but his body just didn't listen. "I just can't do this." Apparently his mouth didn't listen either. Andrew felt a blush rise to his cheeks, was he really chickening out on this? But he could have sworn he was just about to tell her. He unconsciously started walking in Leo's direction. Leo's head popped up and glared at Andrew as if to say: What are you doing man?! Get back over there! But he didn't, he kept right on walking. That's when a small warm hand grasped his wrist and he stopped. He just stopped. He was suddenly in control of his body again, so he turned his head, and he found Percy. Just when he was about to apologize… boom! Percy crushed her lips against his. Andrew's brain was screaming: What the heck just happened?! But Andrew's heart had other things to say: Shut up, I want to enjoy this! Was Percy Jackson seriously kissing him? Right here? Right now? Andrew could hear Percy and his friends laugh, whistle, and whoop excitedly in the background. He didn't care about that though, because this had to be one of the best moments of his life. He felt himself smile into the kiss while Percy jumped away. "Oh my goodness, Andrew!" she screamed. "I'm so sorry." Her blush was so red that she was even out doing Calypso. Her smile betrayed everything else though. She tried to play it off as an accident, a spur of the moment kind of thing, but Andrew took one look at that smile and he knew she did it on purpose. "It's okay," he assured her. "If you didn't do it, I probably was going to." As he thought about it more and more, he realized just how true that actually was, in fact, he probably should have done it earlier. Percy's blush melted away and her eyes smiled along with her lips. "So you like me back?" she asked. Andrew laughed and shook his head at her obliviousness. "Was that not apparent?" he asked, referring to their kiss. Percy blushed for real this time. "Touché." She replied. Percy and Andrew jumped when they heard clapping from behind them. They both turned to see all their friends grouped together cheering on their "adorableness". Piper ran up to Percy and gave her a small hug. "Well done!" she cried. Jason high-fived Percy. "Didn't know you had it in you." He told her. She sighed and pretended to be very relieved. "I didn't either." Andrew folded his arms and stared at her with a grin. She blushed. "I may have gotten some advice." Just at that moment, Leo set his elbow on Andrew's shoulder and leaned against him. "Wow, you two really are made for each other." He said. "You both had the same idea. You're a real match made in heaven, as they say." Calypso set her hands on Andrew's other shoulder and her chin on top of her hands, looking at Leo. "It looks like we've done well, Repair Boy." Calypso high-fived Piper without even looking and Leo rolled his eyes. Andrew snickered and looked to Percy. "So did I." he slipped his arms out of their fold as he said it. Percy grinned slyly and snickered. "I figured." Andrew laughed and slung an arm around her shoulders. "Will you be my girlfriend, Seaweedbrain?" he asked. Everyone stared at Percy as if Andrew had just asked her to marry him and if that ever did happen, Andrew imagined they'd probably be in this exact same scenario. Percy smiled and kissed his cheek. "Was that not apparent?" Everybody laughed, having got the joke and high-fives were passed all around. "Okay, so we're probably making a huge scene," Piper informed. "How 'bout we head to the pizza place across the street and celebrate, hm?" "Sounds like a great idea, Pipes." Jason agreed, kissing her forehead. Andrew rolled his eyes. "You guys are making too big a deal about this." He insisted. Leo not-so-casually stretched his arm across Calypso's shoulders. Calypso pushed his arm off her shoulders. "Too fast, Fireboy," She informed him. "Too fast." Leo rolled his eyes. "Andrercy finally got together, what's not to celebrate?" he asked, as everybody made their way out. Percy and Andrew glanced at each other before gagging in unison. "That's not what you're going to call us is it?" Percy asked, sounding a little bit disgusted. Leo frowned. "No good?" he asked. Everybody nodded in agreement. "Perew then?" Calypso punched Leo in the arm and everybody else rolled their eyes. "Shut up, Repair boy." They all said in unison. Leo laughed along with everybody else and Percy and Andrew kissed again. When they broke apart Andrew grinned at Percy. "You know?" he said. "There's nothing like you." He smiled at her and Percy kissed his cheek. So they all lived happily ever after. Nah, I'm kidding…we all know it's never that easy. ;) So how was that? I'm actually very proud of this. Please express your enjoyment in a review, constructive criticism is always appreciated, flames will be ignored. I was tired when finishing this, so there's probably tons of mistakes, I'd appreciate it if you could point them out so I can get rid of them as soon as possible. Thank you. I would especially appreciate it if you guys could tell me how I did with Leo and Calypso, as this is my second time ever doing Leo, my first time doing Calypso, and my first time doing Caleo. Yes, I ship them SO MUCH! Thanks again. Thanks for reading, guys. Don't forget to review. :) Samantha's Library.