all appeared it was to a frightened cowering Hades, ghost white pale Poseidon, and shocked but angry Zeus. As they were about to ask what was wrong Apollo appeared with his face showing a serious and angry expression. This scared Artemis as she has never seen such a look on her dear brother's face. Contrary to popular belief Artemis actually loved her brother and cared for his physical and emotional safety even after they had left their mother and became Olympians. Artemis quickly rushed to her brother wrapping him in a hug, "Apollo what's wrong? What has you so angry?" She softly caressed his cheek hoping to calm him. However, it didn't work as well as she hoped because Apollo simply hugged her before pushing her behind him. "You damn fools, I knew this would come," Apollo growled at Zeus and Poseidon. "Because of you and your damn prides all of Olympus now hangs in the balance." Zeus was about to shout but was shocked when Apollo punched him square in the jaw. Before he could retaliate the fates appeared Clothos, Lachesis, and Atropos floated in front of Zeus all glaring at him. Zeus was cowed by their glares as Clothos spoke, "Youngest son of Kronos you have brought this on yourself." Lachesis stepped forward sneering, "You may have found a way to block us from stopping your punishment of Perseus Jackson, once the Son of Poseidon now Titan of Earth and Time." Atropos glided towards Zeus and slapped him while growling, "But you can not stop us from seeing his destiny and what lies ahead!" Together they all glided back as grey smoke began to rise around them. As one they spoke angrily, "Youngest of Kronos, God of Lightning and Skies, The King of Olympus you have defied us. In doing so, Zeus, you have altered the destiny of the new Primordial of Earth and Father Time. Because you sentenced him to Tartarus there was nothing that could deter his anger. 'Twas this that aroused the primordial Gaia, at first she wanted his servitude. However, she instead gave her final powers and her rule as a primordial to him. Before she could fade in front of us she told us of what she had done. And spoke these words "They will bow before the might of my successor whether through defeat or loyalty! They will learn what it means to betray he that had saved them. They will feel the WRATH OF A TRUE EARTH SHAKER!" And so that is exactly what you shall get. Expect no help from us in this matter for you have defied us for no reason but your own broken PRIDE! And you Poseidon shall be punished for helping in this idiocy. You God of the Sea are forbidden to sire children for eternity and your sons and/or daughters with the exception of the Cyclops, Tyson, will be stripped of their powers and any attempt to father more shall be eliminated, no matter the method," The fates were covered in grey smoke. "SO SAY AND DECIDE THE FATES!" They disappeared in an explosion of sound and smoke. Left behind was the angry, sad, and crying Poseidon, "What have I done!" All The other Olympians stood shocked as they could do nothing else. They have just been abandoned by the fates. Many of the Olympians were actually scared from Aphrodite to Apollo who had finally calmed down. Artemis was afraid as well just did not show it. Ares being the ever arrogant and idiotic war monger he is stood while yelling, "What are you all afraid of!" He then slammed his against the ground and growled, "So what if he is some supposed Titan, he is still not stronger then us and I will prove it!" Before anyone could stop him he flashed out and to earth. BACK ON EARTH:WITH PERSEUS Perseus yawned while laying back on a nice comfy couch. He was watching television and could not find anything entertaining. After coming back he had taken residence up in a cave. This was no ordinary cave it could house at least twenty people comfortably. Also the fact he'd been able to steal a good of amenities for his new home made it all the better. He had stolen just about everything he needed; new fridge, microwave, tv, couch, oven, kitchen set, etc.. He sighed as he stood and stretched slightly before walking to his bedroom. He smirked slightly as their laid two young nymphs utterly naked in his bed. He walked to them and kissed them softly on the forehead causing them to smile in their sleep. Perseus smiled as they both stirred. "My Lord Perseus," they both spoke in admiration and love. "Why not come back to bed and enjoy us more." Perseus leaned down and kissed both his nymphs on the lips. As he stood again and spoke, "I would love to but it seems one of the Olympians has come to challenge me." He smirked slightly before reaching out and pinching one of their nipples each causing them to moan softly. They pouted when he did nothing else but nodded all the same before covering themselves with fur blankets he had acquired through killing several bears and the nymphs sowing them together. Going to the entrance of his new home leaving his nymphs to rest Perseus inhaled deeply the smell of the woods. With a swift exhale he quickly honed on the signature of…He smirked evilly Ares had been the one to come challenge him. Grabbing his axe and turning he was surprised to see another nymph holding out to him his battle attire. But then remembered how he had actually adopted a youngling that was part nymph, part god. Smiling he gently kissed his daughter on the forehead and took his attire from her hands. She beamed brightly at him before rushing off to sleep once more. A/N: Read and review if you like it and want me to continue.