good for a weekend. Boom Before he could register what was going on, the gun fired, and a bullet hole formed on top of their heads. Everything went quiet for a split second, but only for a split second, because his lips were covered up by that same person's once again. This time, he felt her hands slipping next to his waist and to the back of his belt, he felt her hands fiddling with the gun case and felt the gun been put back. Instinctively, he wrapped his arms around her waist pulling her close. "What do you say?" She whispered into his mouth, barely audible to him, but he caught it. That question had shaken him awake, he remember his duty, but it was too late now. The next morning, after filing the report about yesterday night first thing after he arrived at the office, he sat down opposite to his co-worker, aka partner, Grover Underwood. "Dude, why do you look so tired?" He asked, putting down his coffee cup, leaning back against his office chair, taking his eyes of his computer screen and stared across to where Percy was sitting. "Filing a report." Percy sighed dejectedly. "Got sent out last night on a mission to hunt down this illegal clubbing place, that supposedly was full of underaged drinkers." "And? How did it go?" "No biggie." He shrugged, putting down his pen as he signed the last paper on his desk. "A young lady called this morning." Grover informed. "Yeah?" Percy said, wondering what would that have anything to do with him. "Called your phone, but I took it for you since you're not here." "Kay?" Percy nodded, unsure of where this conversation was going. "She was asking for you, said she's coming here at around 8 to talk to you." "Name?" Percy asked, feeling this couldn't get any weirder. "Dunno." Both glanced down at their watch and gasped, it was almost time, they looked up wide eyes at each other. "Well then I guess you're leaving me in here alone again." Grover sighed and went back to his computer, ignoring Percy on his own. "I have not yet leave this room yet." Percy mumbled, staring at Grover in disbelieve and amusement. "Whatever." He stood up and strolled outside of his office. "Hey." Someone called just as he stuffed his hands in his pocket and started to stare out the window. He turned to face the origin of the voice source. Taking in the sight, something in his mind told him that he had seen this girl somewhere. "Hi, how can I help you?" He asked professionally. "So you don't remember me? I thought that kiss was something to you." She begun, straight to the topic. "You were kissing her when you're on duty?!" An accusing voice came from behind, strong alcoholic breath indicated the presence of Percy's very boss, Dionysus. Percy didn't even need to turn around to know who that person was, but he had too, since that very person happened to be his boss. "No, it was after duty." "You stayed in her house for hours?!" Another accusing statement. Percy turned back, rolling his eyes, sighing. "Whatever." He mumbled before tripping away. "It was not her house." He muttered under his breath. This phrase was not caught by his boss since he had already stumbled away, but went into the ears of this girl standing in front of him. She laughed. Percy smiled. "A walk outside?" Percy suggested. She accepted the offer. "You don't have anything in hand right now do you?" She asked cautiously, not wanting to disturb his work. "Nope. At least not given by that alcoholic." Percy shook his head. "However, I do have one thing in mind." "And that is?" "Your name. What's your name?" "Annabeth. Annabeth Chase. And I know yours already, written on your name tag, crystal clear." She poked his name tag tagged on his chest pocket. They walked and talked until they reached the parking lot, they stopped, standing under the warming sun. Percy stuck his hands inside his pocket, while Annabeth had hers folded in front of her chest. "Oh, so you're that cop who was eavesdropping!" Annabeth shouted, laughing, pointed a finger in his face suddenly. "Oh! So you saw me that day?" Percy mocked her, trying to cover his surprised look, after regaining his composure. "Yep, I tend to notice everything, but just don't often remember them." Annabeth shrugged innocently, looking down at her fingers. "But you remembered me?" Percy questioned, pointing at himself. "What? Am that high up, that you think you're not high enough to reach?" She chuckled, stretching her hand upwards as she spoke her sentence. "Oh hell yeah." He quipped with a witty smile. She slapped him across the chest, feigned a glare at him. "And you're a total flirt." He added. "From what I've seen last night." He jested, flicking her nose. "Oh and don't tell me you're not flirting back." She mimicked with a devious sight and a mischievous glint. "What happened to that boyfriend of yours? You two seemed perfect together." Percy changed the subject, unfortunately, a sensitive one. Though he didn't know, no one informed him right? "But I think we fit each other." Annabeth moved her face closer to his, snaking her hands around his waist and smoothing the back of his shirt seductively. "Particularly after that magical kiss we shared yesterday night." She pulled his head down and pushed her lips on to his, dominating the kiss. "People move on Percy." She pulled away slightly, only slightly for her to be able to move her lips properly to talk. Seeing no reaction from Percy, she continued, this time she teased him with her tongue making him chuckle. A/N: Sorry for the delay readers, I just got home and forgot to upload it. Started on- 16th of December, 2016. Finished on- Christmas Eve. Posting on- Christmas. All in my time. Wish you a MERRY CHRISTMAS!