of blonde curls behind her ear with the hand that was on the back of her chair. "You have a very limited amount of time to stare at me." Taking his eyes off the road as they stopped in front of a traffic light, waiting for it to turn green. Leaning across, he placed his elbow on the chair and his hand hovered above her shoulder. He studied her dumbstruck face with an amusing glint in his eyes. "What?" She asked, after a while of trying to figure out his intention. "Why do I feel like there's something that I should know but you haven't told me." "Your feeling is telling the truth." He smiled a mysteriously, letting his hand stroke her cheek. She eyed him pointedly, but her eyes softened under his soothing touch. He tilted her chin slightly and leaned down. She didn't back away. Instead, she stared back into his eyes. Her heartbeat sped up, and so did his. He looked hesitant, wanting her to stop him if she didn't want to, but she did nothing. Her eyes, too, flickered to his parted lips, her eyes told him that she wanted to be kissed, by him. "Can I?" He murmured almost inaudibly. She nodded, and that was when their lips clashed. At nearly five in the morning, they were sitting in a car on an empty street, locking lips while their designated soulmates lay in bed, completely unaware of their actions. It was like a love affair on a rendezvous. "That's the something I know which you don't." He pulled away, grinning from side to side. "I've been wanting to do that for a while." "How cliché can you be." She groaned at the phrase that she had heard for countless of times after someone got kissed. "I try." He winked. "Now, get out. We're here." He shooed her out playfully, dropping his gentleman act. "So much for being a gentleman." She muttered by his ear once he met her around the car. "I never said I'm a gentleman, I don't believe in chivalry." He shrugged, half joking. "No wonder Drew's desperately trying to change you." She mused out loud. "How do you know about that?" "Luke." She smiled, mischievousness glinted in her eyes, and her smile widened when she saw his expression. "Trust me, I think Luke's the perfect fit for her. She had told him so much about you two, you know? Like how she thinks you don't like her and how she thinks that the relationship is only one-sided." Annabeth listed happily. When Percy didn't reply or react, she continued, wanting to test his limit. "Luke said nothing about us, but he did seem to be genuinely interested in her." She said. "I suggested him that they go on a date." Percy suddenly halted, turning towards her with widened eyes. "Date?" He asked disbelievingly. "I told them to go hang out, of course I didn't use the word." She rolled her eyes, as if mocking his stupidity. "Hmm…" He nodded absentmindedly. "What? Do you not like that idea?" "No, I think it's perfect, because in that case, I might score a date with you too." They continued to walk alongside each other down the peaceful, empty, dim street. "You don't think it's a bitchy act? Setting them up on a date." She asked, recalling the conversation she had when she told her best friend about her setup. "A little." He decided after a while of thoughts. "But, that's none of my concerns. I just want Drew to find someone that can love her." Annabeth wanted to say, you mean get rid of her, but she kept it to herself. She had the same thought about Luke, and it wasn't unknown to them that their relationship with their appointed soulmates were one-sided. ¢.¢ "Meet me at the restaurant tonight." He said before driving off in his car after dropping her off at the place where her car was parked. "Wait- what?" She never got the chance to say anything, or at least let him reply, but the text that she received seconds later answered some of her questions. I never promised to be a gentleman. She wanted to ask what restaurant, but then again, he said, the restaurant, and there was only one restaurant that had significant meaning to both of them. ¢.¢ Dressed in a long black dress with a semi-transparent cloth over it, and a laced patterned top. An elegant pair of silver earrings, with her hair let down in a natural flow. Annabeth sauntered in to the expensive fancy restaurant for the second time. However, this time, she was not an intruder to Percy's table, but the guest to it. On the far corner of them, she spotted the couple she had setup. "Beautifully dressed, ma'am." Percy greeted her with a compliment and a teasing smile covering up the genuine expression underneath. "Same goes to you, sir." She sat down on the chair across the table. "Did you suggested that we come here just to spy on them?" "No, why would you have that thought?" He dismissed her thoughts, although his expression didn't look convinced. She gave him a wicked smile, but didn't uncover his true intention. Both of them wanted to get out of the relationship forced together by the initials engraved on their body, telling them who their soulmates were. They both believed that they could find love elsewhere. And they did. "They look happy together." She commented, taking a sip of her wine. "And so do we." He raised his glass to clink with hers. Looking in to each other's eyes and they were still locking eyes after putting down the wine glass. Sincerely and truly believe that they would find real happiness with each other. Who said rules are made to be followed. They are made not to be broken, not to be violated, but to let people find alternatives. Because there's beautiful and then there's you .