blinked, surprised at the test. She grins approvingly, before pointing to the one on my left. "This one will do you the best." I smiled as I set the other one down and folded it up, putting it with the other two. "Alright!" Madam Hera's voice was tired, and unhappy. Thalia didn't look much better. However, the dress she held against her breast looked so beautiful against her pale hands, the fabric seeming to shimmer. "Now that you all have your dresses, we need you all to try them on so that we may see if there is any need of hemming. Now off with you." Everyone scuttled to the bathrooms at the other end of the dance room. You could very visibly see the irritation in Madam Hera, and her snappy voice confirmed it all. When Madam Hera was irritated, you'd better do what she says, or there'll be consequences. I rushed into the pack of girls fleeing the room, falling into step beside an aggravated Thalia. "I hate her," Thalia grumbled, shoving her black bangs out of her face. "No ya don't," I teased. "You love her with all your heart." "If that's a fancy way of saying I wish to see her burned at the stake, then I agree." my friend said, looking over at me. "Say what you believe," I replied cheekily. "You know what, I think I wouldn't mind you joining her." I bumped my friend with my hip, glaring at her playfully. "No you wouldn't, you'd save me before they so much as approach me with the flame." Thalia sighed through her nose. "Why do you have to be so smart?" "Because my animal is the owl, duh ." I retorted. I'd told Thalia all about my token that I'd lost. She'd felt bad for me, but I told her it was no biggie and she let the subject go. "No wonder you're such an idiot," Thalia grinned at me. "I hate you," I said, smacking her arm. "No you don't," she retorted. "Yes, I do." "Nu-uh." "Uh-huh." "Nu- uh." "Uh-huh." "Nu-" Thalia blinked, before bursting into laughter. "Children," Piper came up beside us, giggling at the two of us. I laughed with Thalia and Silena joined us on Thalia's right. When we reached the bathroom, we split up into the stalls. I shed my dress, letting the smooth fabric just fall off my body with the undone zipper. I stepped out of the fabric as it pooled at my feet and grabbed my ball dress. I pulled on the tight fitting gown and smiled as I felt it roll down, settling into place on my hips. I stepped out and smiled when I saw Piper. She wore a short dress, going just to her knee, but the shimmery sunset colored fabric of pinks and oranges made Piper look absolutely breathtaking. "You look good, girl." I said, nodding my approval. I heard two lockers unlatch at the same time and turned to see Thalia and Silena. Thalia wore an electric blue dress with black and white accents. It flowed down her body, the cut ending right at her knee before it splayed to her left side, ending just before it touched the floor. Her bright blue eyes shone brightly and she had never looked more beautifully, her black hair flowing down her back. Silena was nothing short of a goddess. Her dress was a shimmery white and pale pink fabric, with a pink sash around the middle. It was a single shoulder dress, and the pink fabric brought out her skin tone and the pink in her cheeks. "You all look so stunning," I tell them and they smiled their appreciation. But they aren't looking at themselves- they're looking at me. "Annabeth, I think you should take a look in the mirror." Silena said breathlessly, her eyes trained on my dress. I suddenly felt uncomfortable as I turned to the full length mirror beside the sink. And when I saw myself, I gasped. The dress was a red-gold color, like a burning flame. It had a gold underskirt that went down to my knees before the see through cloth traveled down my legs. It went out from the black sash around my waist, so that if I spun, it would fan out beautifully. The top of the dress was like a halter top shirt, coming up and around my neck. I slowly pulled my hair from my ponytail and let it fall down to my hips. Running a hand through it, my hair smoothed out and feel almost elegantly. "Hun, that is a keeper." I heard Thalia whisper and I saw her come up behind me. "Can you move back?" I replied quietly. "I wanna try something." Thalia gave me an odd look for that, but backed up none the less. Slowly, I began to turn. I spun on the balls of my feet and I felt the dress leave my legs and the underskirt hug me tightly. Three gasps accompanied my act and I stopped. I felt the skirt fall back to my shins but I smiled happily. I'd never felt so free and alive since- since- since- since Freedom. Soft green eyes enter my mind, reminding me of the green of spring grass, or of that of a clear ocean at high noon. Shaking off the memory, I turn to my friends. "You guys ready to go see what they think?" Thalia immediately shook her head adamantly. "Oh my gosh, no. If I have to hear that woman say one more time that I should exercise more, I will kill myself." Everyone bursts into laughter as we exit the bathroom to face each of our teachers. So, what do you think? I'm sure this will only be a short, like a three maybe four chapters long. I'm not expecting it to be anything super amazing or anything. I guess, just review. You've got that box at the bottom for it. Kisses, -Jo