Yeah!" They said. "Jeez" I sighed. I looked over at June. She had Golden hair, and grey eyes like her brother and sister, but she was shorter then all of us by atleast a head. She was the second smallest, even though she had gone Immortal over five years ago. Alpha was the tallest, at about 6'7-6'8. When you turn, you get a major growth spurt. I was about 6'4. And so on and so forth. "Wait" June said "Do you think that they'll have Marks?" We all stared at her with blank expressions "What!?" She exclaimed "Of corse they will if they are True Mates!" We all said. You might be wondering about the marks, well, one way to know you've found your True Mate, is if you and said Mate both get strange Black markings anywhere on your body. I suspect that I will be seeing theirs soon enough. Normally, they were in plain sight on the Female, so all males know she is taken. Forever. The males was normally on his chest or back, or even his arms. Alone thing about True Mates, after the first mating session with eachother, your souls are bound to one another. You will be able to hear in eachothers heads without needing to be in wolf form, you will feel eachothers emotions, and most of all, you die, the mate dies. A few minutes later, we heard Alphas voice call out "You can come back! I think Annabeth is done attacking me." That was followed by a smacking sound and we heard Alpha yelp. There was a good reason that Alpha was bigger then all of us. It was his Alpha pride. All Alphas were to keep their heads higher then those in the pack, unless he had a Mate, then he made sure to keep it lower then hers, espessially if she was Pregnate. That was always just a nightmare. Mark smiled as he got there to find Alpha in human form with Annabeth standing in his arms, she tryed to look like she was pouting, and mad at him, but it was easy to see through. I saw the Diamond Ring on her hand and knew that Stacie was right. They were perfect for eachother. "You two done with the fun?" Macie asked. Annabeths face burned red, but nodded non the less. Alpha decided to have a little fun with it "You sure WiseGirl?" He asked. "We could always send them away aga-" She cut him off with a quick kiss and turned to us, all embarressment gone "Ignore, SeaWeedBrain. He's an Idiot. I'm surprised he was able to lead all of you" Could easily see throught her words. We all started to get to know her, half way through, she suddenly stiffened and said "Wolf Form! Now!" And we all quickly shifted. Annabeth's POV I was shocked to say the least. I didn't know who this scent belonged to, but I wasn't taking a chance. Just like that, the Hunters of Artemis came out. Thalia in the lead. She moment she saw us, in wolf form, tensed up, she bowed quickly to us "Alpha" She said, nodding her head to Percy. He nodded his head back. "Huntress'" Percy said back "We have another problem on our hands, I'm afraid" Thalia told us. Percy tensed and asked "Someone else is missing?" He pretended to guess. "Yes. My best friend, Annabeth Chase. She was lead into a forest by one of your kind, and we think she has been changed. Would you please tell her to come home if you ever meet her? This is her picture." She proceeded to take out a picture and show it to us. It was of Percy and I side by side, laughing in eachothers arms. "We shall keep our eyes out for them both" Percy told her. A few moments and words later, another woman and appeared, and I recgoznized her as Artemis. She looked surprised to see me. "Alpha" She said to Percy "Who is this new wolf here?" Percy quickly thought up an excuse "We met her a few days ago. She was without a pack, so we took her in. And I'm sorry to say, she is not the Annabeth Chase you all know" They seemed to miss how Percy did the play on words. He was right. I wasn't the Annabeth they knew. "Might I ask her name?" She said turning to me. Stacie saved me there. "We don't call her her name. We call her by her Title" She told her. Artemis looked surprised, but then asked "And whats her Title?" Percy moved closer to me, nuzzled my head slightly, and then said "Alpha Female." Artemis smiled at me, and said "Even though I am not one to enjoy relationships, I congratulate you both." I gave her a soft wolfy smile, like a mother I guess, and said "Thank you, Lady Artemis. But we must get going. We must get moving before any monster catch all of our scents toghter. They seem to have a perticular like to us, for some strange reason." That was true. Stacie and I'd been attacked by almost fifty monsters in just two days. "Of corse. Please, keep your eyes out for them." "Will do, My Lady" We all chorused, then ran off. "It felt horrible lying to Thalia" I said, after we were a good few miles from them. We slowed to a stop, and Percy nuzzled me slightly "Don't worry about it, Wise Girl" He told me "You'll see them again. And we didn't lie. We don't know where Annabeth Chase is. We know where Annabeth Chase-Jackson is!" I looked at him surprised then shook my big, furry head. "I swear, you." I muttered. Then they all laughed and Stacie said "Finally! He was a joker before, but now he's exactly what everyone at Camp said he was like!" I tsked at her "Not quite. He wasn't a wolf back then."