my ear. I pulled my own pistol out, running into the guard. "Oof!" He exclaimed, before I stuck my gun in his stomach and fired twice. He fell down, dead, and that's when the other guard made his presence known. "GAH!" I screamed as a bullet ripped through my shoulder. I turned and fired wildly, emptying my clip in the final guards chest, stomach, and upper leg. Needless to say, he went down hard. I fell against the pillar, pressing my hand against the hole in my shoulder and trying to stop the copious amounts of blood from pouring out. When I felt the blood lessen, I pulled back and wrapped another piece of shirt around my shoulder, stopping the blood for now. "I swear to gods, I need to see a doctor after this." I muttered. 'Gods? Since when was I a polytheistic?' I chose to ignore it, instead opting to test my arm movement with the new injury. It hurt like all hell, but it would have to do. I stood silently, pulling my shotgun around and leaving the duffle on the ground. I had no need for anything else but the seven bullets inside the gun and the luck from above that had been granted to me. As I found the perimeter gate, my gut tingled for some reason. The gate looked like the last, and opened easily as I swiped the keycard. I walked through, almost sauntered, but was stopped by the sight before me. A single building, just as small as the shed from before, sat in the middle of murky greyness surrounding the area. This fog-like color stretched on in every direction, clouding my vision and making me angry. I headed for the building, keeping my head and shotgun high. As I entered the building, the words 'Master Control Room' were painted on a sign above the entryway. I walked inside, prepared for the worst this place had to offer. What I got was a brunette woman in a black pencil skirt and white blouse. Her glasses caused a glare to appear over her eyes, so I couldn't see her eye color or where she was looking. Without a word, she turned around and walked into a room with a table, sitting down in a chair. I followed after a moment's hesitation, and sat opposite of her at the table. She looked up, and I could clearly see her stormy grey eyes, so much like Mrs. Castellan. "Well well well, we've had an eventful night, haven't we?" I didn't answer, choosing cold indifference to cover up my confusion. She just smiled, pulling up a clipboard. She analyzed it for a minute or two, before nodding thoughtfully. "It says here you had almost no restraint upon killing any person, except dear Mrs. Castellan. Do you know why?" I didn't say a word, but my mind became fuzzy and cloudy. My mouth felt like I was chewing on cotton balls. Slowly, memory came back to me. "She… She is my wife." "WAS your wife. Annabeth hasn't been your wife for, oh, about four years. Ever since you went crazy and killed all those campers." I stared at her, campers? What campers? The thought was foreign yet so familiar it hurt my brain. "Killed..?" She smiled a little wider, as if my confused and disheveled mind was pleasing to her. "Slaughtered. Why do you think you are here?" I looked around, my vision finally truly seeing. I was on a mountain, in a city. No, not just a city. "Olympus." I stated. "Yes. You are here, being analyzed to see how well you are to fit back in society. So far, the results aren't great." I turned to her, my mind now recognizing everything. "Athena? What… analyzing what?" "Choices, dear Perseus. And you made plenty." She showed the clipboard, but it was fuzzy and the words swam. My dyslexia was coming back, as was the memories of everything I had done in that facility. "Oh my gods." Athena smiled wickedly. "Yes, it seems you haven't changed a bit. Killing all your friends, hitting my daughter, all without a second thought. I am truly sorry, but we must start the process over again and try for a better result." I stared down at the shotgun still in my hands. I looked at Athena, who met my eyes. As soon as I moved to raise it, she waved her hand and it disappeared. "That's not going to work. Are you really that dumb? I'm a goddess!" She shook her head and turned to some control panel, fidgeting with the knobs and switches. "How about this time, we keep you trapped in the room for more than thirty minutes, hm? How does three days sound? Or a week?" I groaned in pain as memories resurfaced. This process, it wasn't my first time through. I looked at the clipboard and focused as much as possible. The words cleared, 'Try 2,761', and I realized something. "I'm never leaving here, am I?" Athena stopped, looking up with a smirk. "Now now, we always believe people can change. You just need a very very long time to get better." As she went back to pushing buttons and flipping switches, I slowly drew my pistol from my belt. I checked the clip silently, and cursed myself at seeing it devoid of ammunition. Until, I remembered something important. Something that seemed like an unconscious decision. I pulled the bullet out of my pocket, looking at it with wide eyes. 'I had beat the system. I found a way.' I smiled, and loaded the bullet into the clip. At the soft 'click' of the pistol cocking, Athena turned her attention to me. Only to widen her eyes in shock. I held the pistol in my hand, aimed at my right temple. "It looks like I have made a choice, Athena." Before she could even say a word, I squeezed the trigger and accepted the blissful silence. Fin