"What kind of gifts?" Percy questioned suspiciously. Hades stepped forward. "The ability to hide in shadows along with basically being a human lie detector." Hades clasped Percy's shoulder and Percy felt a wave of naussia hit him. Hades stepped to the side and Aphrodite came up. "My gift is better." She said. "I'm going to give you a middle ground for this you and other you." A mirror appeared. It was wide and tall. It could easily put three people in it. Aphrodite turned to Percy. "Now," Aphrodite said. "I need you turn into other you so I have a model." While the gods looked at eachother uneasily, Percy only nodded. He closed his eyes and brought the cold to the surface. When he opened his eyes the gods gasped. Aphrodite squealed. "Oh my gods this will be AWESOME!" Percy looked at himself in the mirror. To say he was shocked was an understatement. His wind-blown, raven black hair turned into a blizzard hazard, snowy white. His eyes went from his sea green to a frosty blue. His unnaturally tan complexion paled considerably; he was almost as pale as Khione. "You remind me of someone." Hades told him. "His name was Jack Frost." Percy gaped. "Wait. There really was a Jack Frost? I thought he was as real as Santa Claus. Or the Tooth Fairy." Then Percy chided himself. He's met greek, roman, egyptian-greek gods. Why not the male version of Elsa. "Ooh!" Aphrodite squealed. "We should totally name you that. Instead of saying 'Other You' all the time, we should say Jack Frost!" Everyone looked at her. Then Hestia broke out into a large grin. "That's perfect!" She screamed. "But names have power. You know that." "We can still call him Frost." Hades said with an unusual smirk on his face. "You do know I'm standing right here?" Percy- Frost asked. "And for the record I like the name Frost." "Done." Aphrodite exclaimed. When Frost looked in the mirror he saw three people. One was Percy, the other Frost, and the middle one looked like a mix of both. The mix had Percy's black hair with numerous streaks of white throughout the mass. A medium complexion spread across his skin. He was about 6"5 and built. Lean, like a swimmer. "Okay." Aphrodite said. "Now close your eyes and try to bring the heat and the cold to the surface. Equally." So he did. Percy/Frost brought both the heat and cold to the same level. He felt something happen. When he opened his eyes and saw the mix staring back at him. His eyes were switching between a hurricane-like green to a blizzard-like blue. "Perfect!" Aphrodite said, though for the gods there it was needless. After the gods got over their shock Hera stepped forward. "It is time for my gifts young Hero." Hera made two swords and scabbards appear from nothing. "These," she said, "are from the strongest olympian metal there is. Forged by Hephaetus and blessed by Ares to never dull nor stain." She handed the blades to him and he almost cried until Aphrodite yelled, "Percy Frost! That's what we'll call this form!" Percy gave a laugh and it felt good. He hadn't laughed in a long time. A month tomorrow if he was correct. "How did you get them to do this?" Percy asked. Hera shrugged. "I lied and said it was for the son of Zeus, Kevin." As soon as she said his name, the ground froze around them. Frost began to spread on the surrounding trees and the fire wasn't hot enough to keep the cold away; it froze instantly, like a sculpture. Percy quickly thought of the warmth of the hearth and everything went back to normal. He was still in his mix form and was taking shakey breaths. "Sorry..." He breathed. "It's... getting hard. To. Breathe." Hestia suddenly had an idea. "Percy, put the cold back." Percy did what she asked. The cold went back to its place deep inside. Percy could instantly breathe again. He was back to his normal self but he was still 6"5. "You'll have to practice being in that form," Hestia said. "It can put a lot of strain on your body." Percy nodded as Hera interjected. "Percy," she said quietly, "I have one more gift if you will accept it." "What is it?" Percy asked suspiciously. "A way out of this world." She said. "What do you mean? 'Cause I'm not ready to die just yet." Hera sighed. "I mean a way out into another dimension. Another world unlike our own." Percy, being the person he is, slowly nodded still trying to comprehend. "Where will I be?" Percy asked. "A place that only exist in books." Hera said. "Elves, ogres, dwarves, giants, humans, and beings of both dark and light." "So like," Percy said slowly. "Lord of the Rings?" Hera sighed while the god and goddesses behind her chuckled and giggled. "Yes, Perseus," she said. "Just like Lord of the Rings." Percy nodded and took a moment to speak. "I accept your gift Lady Hera." Hera nodded and swirled her hand in some motion, muttering words in some older than thou language. A golden ripple appeared between two trees and before Percy went through, he gave every goddess a hug and Hades a firm handshake. Aphrodite hugged Percy longer than he liked so he was uneasy. Before he jumped in Hera gave him one last bit of advice, "Perseus. You must be careful. This world is in a lot of turmoil, much like you. The races are segregated and enemies. Here, take this," she handed him a blue backpack. "Inside will help you survive. And Percy," he looked at her to see a mix of emotions; he couldn't decipher one. "Think about it." With that, she pushed him through the portal and he landed on his back from nowhere. He stared at the sky covered with the tops of trees and their branches. He blacked out.