of them instead of crashing. He's trying all kinds of insane tricks, somersaults and rolls, even bringing his sword into the equation. The mist prevents any of the mortals from seeing it, so he slashes and jabs and slices at imaginary enemies. He's good. Really good. "Ooooh! That's gotta hurt!" "Ouch!" But he still crashes occasionally, whenever he tries something too extreme. Like a flip. What kind of idiot even attempts to do a flip in roller skates?! He picks himself up off the floor, shakes his head, and starts skating again. "That stubborn little shist," Jason mutters. "Why is he doing this?" "He's obsessed," Annabeth replies. "He wants to prove to himself that he can master this skill in any kind of situation." "It's insane," Jason states. They watch Nico do a simultaneous jump and spinning slash, land perfectly, and keep skating. "Should we stop him?" Percy asks again. "...Nah. If he wants to break his ankles, let him go ahead and do it. Will can always patch him up again afterwards." -O- Will waves the possessed skater over to the edge of the rink. Nico sees him, and screeches to a stop in front of him perfectly, without even using the wall. "Hey," Will says in greeting, handing Nico a glass of water. "Remember to stay hydrated." "Thanks," Nico pants, pushing an errant lock of damp hair out of his eyes. He grabs the glass and starts gulping it down. "Sip it slowly," Will nags. "You'll upset your stomach if you gulp down water after a lot of exercise." Nico nods and starts drinking at a more measured pace. "So, are you having fun?" He finishes the water and sets the glass down on the foot-wide-wall, then jumps up and perches on it himself. "You know, the weird thing is, I am. I'm hot, I'm sweaty, and I probably stink like a pig. My ankles are killing me, my feet are blistering, everything hurts, and I swear to the Gods, if I have to listen to one more pop song my head might just split open. But… I am," he says, turning around to face Will. "This is really, really fun." And then he smiles. It's not an amused smile. It's not a creepy smile. It's not a sarcastic or an ironic or a well-isn't-that-just-typical smile. It's a real, honest smile. An expression of joy. Will's mind simultaneously short circuits and immediately starts going through a hundred different crazy scenarios that might make Nico smile. He knows he would do anything to get Nico to give him that expression again. He would roll down a hill in a hamster ball full of glue and feathers and glitter. He would slingshot himself across the lake. He would tie-dye his hair pink and purple. He'd tell every single bad pun or stupid joke known to mankind. It would all be worth it if he could simply be the cause of one of those wonderful grins. Because when Nico smiles, it transforms his whole face. He no longer looks like the war haggard demigod who's seen far too much far too soon. He's no longer someone with ghosts and regrets behind his eyes. He's exactly who he's supposed to be: A happy, carefree thirteen year old boy who's having fun with his friends and not worrying about if he's going to die tomorrow. Who wouldn't do anything for that? -Nico's POV- Solace's grin just about blinds Nico, and that crazy impulsive yet still annoyingly truthful deep-down part of him can't help but think that blindness would be a form of punishment that's more than fair if he can make Will Solace happy. He wouldn't complain at all if Will's smile was the last thing he ever saw. -Narrator's POV- Two boys smiled at each other, one of darkness, and one of light. By all logical means, any form of relationship between their conflicting personalities should have been impossible. If you went by different examples of such extremes: Fire and Ice, Good and Evil, you would expect them to be locked in constant combat, tearing each other apart. Or perhaps they would be more like the opposite sides of a magnet; both pulling as hard as they can in different directions, but never getting anywhere. No, that's not the best way to describe them. If you want a good analogy for these two boys, reader, I would prefer that you think of night and day. They are as different as can be. One represents light and joy, warmth, growth and healing. The other shadows and the cool peace of darkness, the hope for a better tomorrow. But despite all their differences, night and day have found a cosmic balance over time. The moon makes way for the rise of a new dawn; the sun sets to give us those dark, restful hours. They are constantly pulling and pushing, in perfect rhythm of each other, and somehow, miraculously, working together. They create a cycle every single living organism on earth could not live without. Perhaps, dear reader, you think I am blowing this all out of proportion. Perhaps you would look at these boys and think that's it not such a tiny miracle that two people so different could give each other a glance, and a smile, and fall a little bit in love. But I would like to think not. I would like to think that I don't need to tell you that it's the tiny miracles we should appreciate when we're lucky enough to find them. I would like to hope that you already know, it's the tiny miracles that matter most. -O- The moment is effectively ruined when the far wall of the rink detonates in a grand explosion, sending shrapnel of plaster and concrete flying everywhere. Because did you really expect eight powerful demigods to get away with staying stationary in the middle of a highly populated area for almost three hours without a single monster attack? THE END.