a dead woman's beer?" Luke asked. Percy shrugged again. "And you're drinking it here?" "It's still good," Percy replied. His sea green eyes glinted and Annabeth nearly lost it. "You are drinking a woman's beer while she lies dead, skinned and mutilated on her bed!" Annabeth yelled. Her gray eyes flashed in a stormy way and she stomped towards him. She snatched the bottle from his hand. "How can you even drink this here?" "I gulp it down." "Oh ha ha ha," She yelled. "Just work the crime scene and get the CSU guys in here." Percy shrugged and left, trying not to laugh at the face she was making. He almost went back to Beckandorf when he remembered something. Percy popped back in the doorway, making Luke and Annabeth turned back to him. "Can I have my beer back?" Her look nearly made him laugh out loud. Line Break 2 The Spotless Killer's message spread like wild fire. Cops were running around like chickens with their heads cut off. Percy grinned wider from inside his lab. There was a certain scent to it; the air. It was high with tension and a musky 'Oh my god what the hell are we going to do?' aroma. It was addicting. Percy could see the detectives and cops and the Lieutenant talking in the main room. There was a slide show showing the message as Lieutenant Brunner talked to his fellow cops. 'CALL ME CAIN'. Percy watched as Brunner listened to Chase and Luke give their verbal report in front of everyone. He stood, wanting to hear what they were saying. Stepping out of his lab and closer to the group. "-a message that doesn't make any sense," Luke was saying. "It's pretty obvious what the message means," Annabeth argued. "He's getting cocky. For two years he's been the silent BoogeyMan that no one could see or touch. Now that he got cocky, that makes him human. And humans make mistakes. We can catch him if he continues on this type of path." "But 'Call me Cain'?" Luke said. "That's the first message he sends? Did he get tired of the name the press gave him two years ago? Bored? Why 'Cain'?" "Cain was the first murderer in the Bible," Percy spoke. He knew it was dangerous to interrupt the two's verbal tennis match but it needed to be said. "Cain killed his brother, Abel, in jealousy and God gave Cain a mark. This mark was to signify that anyone who killed Cain would suffer seven fold that of Cain. Cain was also given immortality." Everyone stared at him and he looked to the ground. Attention, attention. May I have your attention. He didn't want it; that was something for the Spotless Killer to deal with. Here, at the station, he was just Percy Jackson, Blood Spatter Analyst. At least until the itch came back. Yet they were the same person. The Spotless Killer and Percy. They had the same satisfaction in watching the police scramble around for someone right under their nose. They had the same anger which gets so hard to control the longer he goes with out scratching their Itch; the irritation that comes with it. And the peace that's given to them when he kills. When the itch is scratched. Percy turned and walked back to his lab, ignoring the stares from the officers and homicide detectives. He felt himself grin. Something inside him relished in their attention. A darkness that seemed to want out, earlier and earlier. It never stops screaming unless it gets what it wants. But for now... For now it was quiet. The peace that settled over Percy when he finished with Miranda's body was still there. It made him lax and easy. He felt like sleeping. Like he could sleep without any of the dreams the darkness gives to him. He should probably get a case file from Grover down in Records. Percy's best friend. Percy didn't understand why Grover would still be friends with him. Percy was a killer- a monster- and the entire city of New York was on his tail. It was surprising the FBI hadn't caught him yet, but with the all the profilers getting his personality wrong, NYPD probably thought they could catch the Spotless Killer without their help. "I need everyone's attention," Brunner called out. Percy turned, a little happy the cops weren't looking at him. "The FBI is sending another profiler." There were groans and protests to meet this statement. "The Director of the FBI swears on his job that she's good. She's caught every baddie that she's been assigned for the last three years." "Then why didn't they send her to us?" Chase asked. Percy noted the way she cocked her hip and put a hand on it. She looked... appetizing. 'No!' Percy reprimanded his darkness. 'Cop, remember? No cops. Kill a cop and you'll be expected to help catch yourself with new vigor in your heart. That's a no no.' "They thought the Spotless Killer would have been caught by now," the Lieutenant replied. "Serial killers are usually caught within the first few years and they don't kill as often as The Spotless Killer does. Especially when they don't move around. Now that we've reached victim two-oh-eight, the FBI want this to end. The Spotless Killer has just achieved Wanted #1 on the FBI's most wanted." Percy almost smiled but then Brunner's eyes turned to him. His eyes had always seemed thousands of years old; like he'd seen everything there is to see. He'd fought in Afghanistan and Iran, then he retired an became the Lieutenant of the 11th precinct. Brunner could have become Captain but he said no. "Want to be closer to my officers," he had said. 'How close are we Lieutenant?' Percy thought. The Itch was back again and the screaming had started. It wanted blood. But Percy had a few weeks. He could push it back. Just a few weeks...