It was expected of me. Especially after I 'pushed' Nancy into the fountain. And I had cleaned myself up before I went back to lunch. Which was almost over goddamn it stupid bloody furies wasting my time so I couldn't eat. I was right about him knowing something though. All I had to do was mention Mrs Dodds and I could tell something was wrong. Most people would've looked at me like I was an idiot. But Grover, bless his soul, is the worst liar I have ever met. He tried tell me that I was crazy, but he kept stuttering. He also kept sharing glances with Mr Brunner when he thought I didn't notice. What is it with all these people thinking I'm oblivious? Also as far as I could tell Grover and my Latin teacher have had no relation to each other or any bloody reason to share stupid worried glances over my bloody head. I mean they did both come to Yancy Academy at the start of this year, and I may try to avoid being overly paranoid but damn if there is anything that'll help me indicate why the two of them look like they could know about that fury then I'm going to need any information I can get. This is not a case of curiosity killed the cat but satisfaction brought it back. This is a case of; find out what you can because if you don't then I will die of not knowing and will forever hate myself. And then. After all that suspicious stare-y crap. They decided to talk about weird ass shit behind my back. How do I know this? Well when I happen to be notorious trouble maker and eavesdropper, and when I am curious or suspicious there is no way for you to say something without me listening in. And then. I heard some weird stuff about solstices and them thinking I might die and now I'm just even more bloody curious. Also, I don't know where they're from - because I have concluded that they must know each other and that they certainly ain't from 'round here – but they call furies 'kindly ones' so I have now also concluded that wherever it is, everyone there must be batshit crazy. Because seriously, how can you call a fury kind. I mean unless they worship Hades and furies and they're all out to kill me. Maybe I've been watching too many conspiracy theories…Anyway I'm still feeling betrayed by them. I mean I trusted them and they would betray my sacred trust by worshipping devil bat human crossbreeds and trying to conspire for my sacrifice for Hades! Okay, definitely too many conspiracy theories…I'm not actually that dumb by the way. I am allowed to feel betrayed by them talking behind my back though so if they somehow ended up being submitted to a final week full of vicious pranks then it was their own bloody fault. I'm still pissed off at them. They seem to think I'm an idiot, who needs babysitting or something. I'm not weak, I can look after myself goddamn it, I definitely do not need their help keeping me alive I can do that myself thanks. So yeah I was very pissed. 'We need the girl to mature more.' Yeah, well you can go fuck yourself Mr Brunner. He just doesn't understand the concept of fun. Or maybe just living a little while you can. I'm so going to prove him right though. I don't care if pranking is seen as immature the dude deserves it. For-umm-looking at me strangely for an entire week, telling me that I'm not trying hard enough and for being generally suspicious. And live life I will. The guy should have expected some form of backlash after daring to tell me that I wasn't normal and implying that I was always destined to be kicked out of Yancy Academy. No one insults me like that and gets away with it, favourite teacher or not. I mean come on he saw what I did to the first maths teacher (Who wasn't a fury) after she told me that I wasn't allowed to enter the maths competition despite my amazing score because I was 'too disruptive.' Actually, now I think about it that teacher left really soon after that prank…Back on topic…Mr Brunner got the payback he deserved. The blue, glittery paint, which had been so carefully placed above his desk earlier definitely activated at the perfect time. My mark will always be left on him as a reminder. Because everyone knows, that glitter never comes out. *Insert evil laugh here.* As I always say, revenge, is a dish best served with glitter. Maybe I overreacted. But life is more interesting if you're in a constant state of being melodramatic. Grover of course got his fair share of glitter as well, but only a bit. The poor lad gets picked on enough as it is, and he's still my best friend. I've just be resigned to the minor pranking… A bit off topic there...I did warn you. Anyway I will find out what they aren't telling me. And I will find out about this stupid solstice stuff they were talking about. And I will find out why they knew about the damn fury, why they called it a goddamn 'kindly one.' Because if I don't I might have to drown myself…Oh wait…I can't because I can breathe under water…I'll just blow myself up…In the school always hated the stupid academy. But I swear if I don't find out whatever cult they're or just what the hell they were talking about the curiosity will be the cause of my death. Also I will forever continue to tease Grover about the noise he made when my glitter bomb landed on him in the middle of our Latin exam. I so wish that I had gotten a picture of his face as well…maybe next time though.