an assignment your either waiting in some long ass line or he's taking forever to answer your question bringing each and every detail of the question you asked and turning it into a question for you that then you soon must answer or the person behind you will get angry. I got my books from my locker after quickly grabbing my computer from my car, and decided to sit against my locker and began my new history assignment. "Hey Sarafine," Gavin sighed walking by, but stopped when he saw my computer, "Wow that's a beut' and really expensive. Don't tell me that your waitressing job got you that and your car," he laughed at the mention of my job. "Actually, my last foster parents were like billionaires so they got me the computer and an anonymous person gave me the money for my car on my birthday last year," I didn't even bother looking at my screen as I typed. "So wait, going through all those foster homes were good things?" Gavin asked squatting in front of me, "I mean you got a Mac Book Pro, customized with detail, keyboard, and hard drive, from foster parents?" "Hey, anyone will do anything for a girl with a sob story," I gave a wicked smile as I stopped typing. "What about your new parents?" I froze and glanced away, "Aw shit, sorry." "It's ok. They're assholes. Everyone in the system runs into that type of couple, who are searching for a orphan because of the benefits. I unfortunately got them later on," I quickly blinked away tears and shrugged. "Why have you moved around so much?" Gavin went to far, I gave a glare before angrily typing my essay. "Don't know. After what the people call the 'test run' or 'trial' no one wanted me, so I was put back into the system, hence my last name never changing," I quickly saved my work before slamming my computer shut, "See ya tomorrow Gavin," I said standing up and walking down the empty hall towards Mr. Brunner's room with history book in hand. "...heritage...parents...possibly," I briefly heard Mr. Brunner say as I got closer to his room. "...camp...not ready...time," Cato's conversation with Mr. Brunner obviously not about the assignment, creeping closer I listened to the conversation with detail. "Sarafine is not ready to go to Camp," Mr. Brunner argued, "We need a bigger sign than this." "Bigger sign? Bigger sign!" Cato yelled. "Shh!" "Sarafine was attacked by a fury! A fury inside of our school," Cato sounded extremely worried for my sake, but why? "The mist worked like we planned and with everyone telling her about Mrs. Evens, she will soon believe she was mistaken and forget about it," Mr. Brunner smoothly said. "This is Sarafine we're talking about! She won't forget about it! For Tartarus sake! She has the sword and shield!" Shit! I completely forgot about that! Moving swiftly I reached into my bag but dropped my book. "Hello?" Mr. Brunner asked, not risking getting caught, I scooped up my book and ran down the hall around the corner, "Is anyone there?" I held my breath as my heart raced and I swear I heard hooves walk instead of the sound of Mr. Brunner's wheel chair or Cato's shoes. "I better get back to Sarafine, she's giving me a ride and I don't want to make her late for work," Cato said as I quickly ran down the hall, out of the building and to my car. Thankfully Jeremy's car was gone and mine was the only car left in the student parking lot. I put all my stuff in the back seat pulling out my work uniform before sitting on the hood of my car. Come to my car, not at locker. I quickly texted Cato and shoved my phone into my pocket. It took a minute for Cato to come out of the building, but he flashed an apologetic smile as he got in the car. We drove in silence to our apartment building, Cato giving me occasionally glances that I caught in the corner of my eye. "Thanks for the rid," Cato mumbled grabbing his things. "What's the 'mist'?" I abruptly asked, looking at the road in front of me. "Pardon?" Cato almost gasped, I saw his hands trembling. "You heard me," I turned my head towards him, "What's the 'mist'? I mean you more than happy to talk about it to Mr. Brunner, a guy you've known for less than eight months, but yeah I understand why you wouldn't tell your best friend." "Sarafine," Cato breathed, "How much did you hear?" "Enough," I looked at Cato then the time, my shift would be starting soon, "Look, you can explain it to me later, but right now, I need to get to work," Cato unwillingly got out of my car but tapped on the window, making me roll it down. "Trust me, Sar', you don't really want to know what this is," his green eyes were pleading for me to give up on the hunt. "Trust me," I gave a smile, "I do." Before I could pull back onto the street, a guy on a massive bike, the size of a baby elephant, roared past me, cutting me off. This day can't get any worse, I thought to myself with a groan pulling onto the somewhat empty street. Trust me, it will. the new male voice almost groaned with me as I pulled into the diner's back parking lot for staff. Hey! So I know this is very much like the original Percy Jackson beginning, but trust me the rest of the book is nothing like Percy Jackson, I think he has only two very short scenes in this entire story, so before you give up on this story, just continue. Anyone care to take a guess of what's waiting for Sarafine at the diner and at the big game? R&R! (Kindly please, no hate) Xoxo - Scar