and its future. Why throw it away?" Tartarus drummed his fingers on his throne. "But you cannot leave, my Prince. It is impossible." Percy smirked. "I have found a way." The Council indeed focused more now. "I will bring the pit with me. The stone of this place is what keeps me strong. If I wear a necklace with a piece of the stone, I will remain strong as ever. My connection remains." Scylla snorted. "So you have already betrayed us? You have already left the pit and it works? How could you!" Charybdis cracked her knuckles. "Serves us right, trusting a demigod." Percy growled, and the chamber trembled. "I have not yet left. As I said in the beginning, I am awaiting your final decision. The idea is only tested in theory." Nyx stood up, her black silk dress curving off her body beautifully. "Perseus, let us discuss this. Please leave, and we will call you back when we have decided." Percy nodded, and left. It was like the old days, when he wasn't a part of the Council and they always sent him out so they could discuss. As soon as he left, he heard the room explode with arguments. Percy sat down on the edge of the crevice, staring down into the eternal darkness. It was cold, supposedly, but because he was the Prince, he wasn't bothered by it. He picked up a stone nearby and tossed it down, waiting to hear it land. Even before he threw, he knew it wouldn't. The next stone he picked up, he put in his pocket. If he leaving, that would be his stone to give him strength. Percy thought about Annabeth, but quickly chased her out of his mind. He wanted to talk to her, and he knew that if he went to Hermes' dais, he could send her a message that would appear in the flame back in Camp Half-Blood. In the beginning he hadn't wanted to give her hope, but now he was afraid of her answer. What would she think, now that he was aligned with monsters? And their greatest enemies? Footsteps broke his thoughts. He turned to see Nyx, with her gentle smiles and pretty face. "Hi, darling." Percy rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. She really was gorgeous. "Hello, Nyx." Nyx waited for him to stand before answering. "I won't keep you waiting. They said yes." Percy grinned, and hugged Nyx. "This is great! The plan is moving so fast, now! I'll be able to Ally a second life after all!" He hadn't even realized that he'd been worrying about her. Nyx raised one of her eyebrows. "Ally?" Percy blushed and walked toward the chamber doors. "Just an empousa I met a while back." Nyx glided past him smoothly, and rested her hand on one of the handles. "Doesn't sound like that to me." With a dramatic turn, she disappeared inside, and Percy followed. PJ After the Council debriefed him, Percy made his stone necklace. He was polishing the stone when Ally walked into his quarters. "Hi, Lord Percy." Percy turned, and grinned when he saw Ally. "Hey, Ally. Why can't you just call me Percy?" Ally shrugged. "Takes the fun out of things. I could call you Lord Perseus." Ally strode closer, examining his necklace. "What are you doing?" Percy told her about his plan. When he was finished, Ally nodded. "It's understandable. I'm guessing that's the stone?" She tilted her head towards Percy's new necklace. Percy nodded. "Yeah, I just finished it." Ally blushed scarlet. "May I do the honors?" Percy felt heat creep up his face. "Sure-I mean, yeah." Ally picked it up gently, admiring its gentle beauty- the stone was a dark color, with a hint of red at the center-before placing it over his head. Their eyes met, and their faces extremely close before Ally turned away, somewhat redder than before. "I-um, just wanted to wish you luck." "Thanks, but I want you to come too." Ally scoffed. "Why? You don't need me; I'm not the best protector." Percy glanced over his belongings that he had packed into a magically expanding rucksack. He wanted Ally with him. There wasn't any particular reason why, but he needed her. They had become close friends since they had met, and he wanted to share his world with her, just as she had shared hers with him. Percy didn't know how to tell her that he needed her by his side. Ally was a very young empousa, and she had only been to the top once. She was around his age, and had never tasted demigod before. She was so inexperienced, but that gave her a brighter personality. She wasn't as bloodthirsty. Ally was in that was similar to Percy-not dark, but not light either. They were grey. "You're my friend, Ally. I want you to come. You don't need to fight or anything, just come with me. Prove everyone wrong about monsters." Ally's face seemed to fall a bit, and Percy felt bad. Why couldn't he just say how much he cared for her? Why did he have to lie? Before he could fix his mistake, Ally laughed. "Percy, of course I'll come with you. I don't want to leave you alone up there. It's dangerous! Lots of murderers running around." Percy smiled. "Thanks, Ally." Why couldn't he just say it? Ally smirked. "I'll go pack. When I come back, we're leaving, ok?" "Okay." Percy wanted to reach out and grab her as she passed, but he held back. In another moment, she was gone, and Percy was left alone again. It was almost time to leave. Hi everyone. My name is Scaevus. This is the first chapter of my fanfiction, Grey. I don't know how long it'll be, but I'm trying to update every week. Please review, it means a lot to me, and if you can, criticism! I need it to grow and get better. Lots of love, Scaevus