I had. We were caught up in a pattern of attacking, blocking, and counterattacking. But suddenly my foot slid on a patch of loose gravel, and Clarisse saw her opening. She slashed, and I barely moved my head enough to avoid her blade. But attacking like that left her exposed, and I put the tip of my sword to her throat. "I win." I stared her down until I thought she wouldn't attack me as soon as I turned my back, then lowered my sword and sheathed it. Unlike earlier, there was no sound as I ascended the steps and left the arena. I wandered around the camp for a while, familiarizing myself with the layout of the camp. I found myself at the bank of a creek, looking out at a forest. I walked around the creek to enter the forest. As I crossed in, I was met with resistance, much as I had when I entered the camp. I continued anyway, and soon found myself surrounded by large trees. I sat down with my back to a tree and tried to meditate, but I was quickly interrupted. "Hey! James, right? Thanks for sticking up for me back there. I was actually kinda surprised you did, considering I shoved an arrow in your face and all. No hard feelings, right? What are you doing out here?" Cara asked. I looked at her. "I didn't do it for you. I've never really liked Ares. Plus, you were only doing your duty and they were making fun of you for it. That's it. No need to thank me." "Oh. Well, Chiron sent me out here to tell you that dinner's in five minutes. He mumbled something about you needing a camper to show you around. I got volunteered, since I'm the one who brought you in. Come on," she said, then beckoned. I got up slowly, then followed her, a bit reluctantly, I must admit. But as we drew closer, I began to detect delicious smells wafting from the dining area. I took a deep breath in through my nose, and then let it out with a contented sigh. "Beef brisket. It's been a while since I've had that. I think it'll be delicious." Cara looked surprised. "How'd you know we were having beef brisket? You couldn't possibly have smelled it from here." I froze for a second, then started rubbing my neck. "I was talking to someone earlier. I don't remember exactly who, but whoever it was mentioned beef brisket for dinner. Anyway, I'm going to run ahead. I'm really hungry!" I slowed to a jog, then a walk, then stopped. Chiron was waiting outside the pillars, and his gaze locked on to me. "Ah, Mr. Murphy. Since you are very new here, and the Hunters have informed me that you are not allowed to eat with them, I had two extra places set for you and your, ah, sister at the staff table with myself and-" "Dionysus?" I asked, nodding toward the god in question. "Yeah, that'll work. Thank you very much for arranging that." I quickly slipped through the crowd of campers bustling on their ways to sit down. When they had all settled, I was seated with an empty seat on either side of me, and Chiron beyond the chair on my right. Dionysus materialized in it, and I jumped. "All right, all right. Settle down, you brats. We have some guests that arrived today." He droningly continued, "the Hunters of Artemis, and…" He leaned over to Chiron, who filled in the blank in his sentence. "James Murphy, Blessed of Artemis, and Pyleria Murphy, unknown." Chiron gestured widely. "Let us eat!" Nymphs began serving large platters of food to each table. Dionysus leaned over. "So, kid. You look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?" I grinned at him. "You should. I was the one did you that favor in New Orleans." "Oh." He leaned back. "Thanks." "Don't mention it. I'd hate for good wine grapes to go to waste." I accepted the platter of food from Pyleria, scraped a good portion of meat onto my plate, and passed it to Dionysus. I noticed the campers getting up and lining up for the brazier. I picked up my own plate and followed them. As it grew closer to me, I noticed that the campers were scraping some of their food into the fire and murmuring a prayer. When it came to my turn, I gave some of my brisket and thought, Lady Artemis, thank you. You have guided me thus far through life, and I just ask you to keep helping me a little longer. The smoke rose, carrying my prayer upward. I turned to go back to my seat when a burning pain burst upon my neck. I dropped my plate entirely, and clapped both hands to the side of my neck. Then, just as suddenly as the pain had come, it was gone. When I finally raised my head, everyone in the pavilion was staring at me. I frantically twisted, baring my neck to get a good look at it in the shiny side of the brazier. What did- Then my eyes met what was on my neck, and I realized what had happened. I had been branded . I quickly pushed down the anger threatening to erupt, as I stared, unbelieving, at the- it looks smug, I swear - owl-shaped brand scar on my neck. "Fu-" The blond camper, Annabeth, stood up and said, "James Murphy, son of Athena, goddess of wisdom, battle, and weaving! Hail!" Her fellow campers echoed her. While they were busy making noise, I preoccupied myself with a prayer to Olympus. I kept it short, sweet, and to the point, with all the emotion I could summon up. "Screw you, Mother." AN: Hope you enjoyed, feel free to leave a review (even if it's just criticizing me), and see (well, not really) you all next time with another installment. Ciao!