the area around him for the shooter. The area around him were only woods with a really high acid factor. The trunks were red and the leaves were yellow. The grass was blue and the cobblestone beneath him was tinted green. Even Percy's own blood was a different color: black. Percy didn't have to keep looking for long. At the edge of the woods came a guy in red armor with skin as skin as pale as paper. He had a crossbow strapped to his back and a steel short sword in his left hand. The blade was a good one. It's craftsmanship was amazing. It was s smooth and slender blade that meet a silver and red grip with a red heart at the end. At that moment, Percy couldn't remember what Apollo had said about hearts. He really needed to work on his memory. The man didn't speak but rather waited for something. Taking a chance, Percy gripped the arrow and ripped it out. It was a good thing it wasn't serrated because it hurt like hell. The shaft of the arrow was red just like the trees. The arrow head was made of stone but it was just normal stone. The guy didn't move so Percy took another chance and stood up. His body was screaming at him to sit the fuck down so he wouldn't bleed to death. But as usual, he didn't listen. "Why did you shoot me?" Percy demanded. The shooter remained stoic and silent. "Can you at least tell me where the hell I am?" This time the guy did answer. "You are in the Queen's kingdom," he answered like the dock he probably was. "In her woods that are restricted to all Wonderlanders." In his defense, it would be a little absurd to suddenly hear that Wonderland was real. Sadly, Percy didn't catch the whole 'Wonderlander' thing so he didn't put one and one and two together. "Is that why you shot me? Because I was in the Queen's woods?" Percy asked incredulously. Now, I'm not a mind reader or anything like that but I'm pretty sure he was thinking: Is that a queen declaration or something? The guard- let's call him Jerry. He seems like a asshole anyways. So Jerry nods and Percy stares at him, wondering why the hell that would be the first thing for them to do. "I'm not even going to comment on how fucked up that is," he muttered. "Look, before I bleed out and die thanks to you, can you tell me where Alice is?" The effect was immediate. Jerry the Asshole's eyes widened and he takes a wild swing at Percy. Seeing it, Percy ducks only to find he's four feet back from where he stood. Jerry- that fucking dick- looks just as surprised as Percy does. Unsure of anything, Percy takes a step forward only to end up behind the sword swinging, arrow shooting, son of a bitch. The two stare at each other before Percy has to dodge another slash from Jerry's sword. The sword strike was a head slash. When Percy dodged he found himself in a tree on a branch. To say he was confused would be a severe understatement on your part. Or you're just stupid. 'What the hell is happening!' Did I also mention he was freaking out? There was no indication that he was going anywhere. One second he's on a cobblestone road and the next he's on a branch. The moment Percy tried to move, he was suddenly somewhere else. It was like teleporting without any of the effects they had in movies and TV. Jerry seemed to have enough so he brought out his crossbow. Seeing it, Percy made to hide behind the tree he was on to find himself in a completely different tree two yards away. An arrow wizzed by and Percy tried to move again, ending up further away. The next time he moved, he slammed into the trunk of a taller tree and fell from twenty feet in the air. He didn't move to get up when he landed on the ground. "You're pretty fast," a woman's voice said to him. Percy nearly flew out of his skin but only ended up ten feet in the air. "Scratch that. You're really fast." Trying not to move that much, Percy looked over to see a small fourteen year old girl with white hair and great clothes. Her shirt was more of a smock than a shirt. Her pants were like those for painters. You know. The ones with the scrunchy bottoms? Those ones. Except gray. The painter chick had white skin too. It was pale. Even if it was compared to a two hundred pound gamer who lives in his parents' basement. Her irises were pink. Oh dear God Percy is stupid. Or is it unobservant? Either way he isn't getting it. Has he even read Alice's Adventures in Wonderland? Probably not... What about the movie... Never mind. Back to the story. The girl had around twelve watches on her. Five on her arm, six on the other, and on a chain around her neck. They were all different watches though. Rolexes, digitals, even stopwatches. The one around her neck was gold and had a cover to hide the watches hands. "Who are you?" Percy asked. He wanted to remain at that spot. That one spot. He moved carefully and slowly. Almost methodically. To his great relief, he did remain rooted next to the girl that appeared out of nowhere and had a thing for watches. The girl glanced at one of the watches and grumbled. "Well since you're new and you're time isn't here yet, I suppose I could tell you." She gave Percy a sweeping bow that caused her hair to fall off her shoulders. "People call me Rabbit. Let me be the first to welcome you to Wonderland." How did you guys like it? Give me some comments please!