Drew, while she was the longest resident of the Aphrodite cabin, had never been on a quest, while Piper had just completed one, which Piper knew made her eligible to challenge Drew for leadership. And Drew had two options- accept the challenge, or willingly step down from her position of head counselor. Drew stepped down from her position, and she was the only one who wasn't happy with that decision. After Leo had shown everyone Bunker 9, and Jason made the announcement that the missing Percy Jackson was most likely at his old camp, Camp Jupiter, a Roman camp, Jason had asked her if she wanted to- if she would be willing to -go on a walk with him. Piper had hesitantly agreed, giving Jason a nervous nod to show him that she was okay with that. Piper had already come to terms with her feelings, acknowledging the fact that she was in love with the son of Zeus (well, Jupiter, she supposed seeing as he was Roman, not Greek). She also knew that it was most likely that he didn't feel the same, and Piper was prepared to accept that fact. Jason, after all, did have all of his memories, and pretty much his entire life, stolen by a goddess, and Piper, for the most part, completely understood if Jason decided he couldn't be with her, whether it was because he didn't feel the same, or if it was because there was someone else back home. They walked through the woods, heading back out of the woods they had come in. From there, Jason led them down along the tree line, until they were standing between the woods and the strawberry fields that the camp kept. Piper fidgeted with her hands, a nervous habit she never could quite kick, looking anywhere other than Jason. She had been bracing herself for this moment since they had returned from the quest, and Piper had known it was only a matter of time before this happened. "Hey," Jason was shuffling a bit awkwardly, like he was just as uncertain as Piper about something of his own. Piper gave him a shy smile, trying to ease both his nervousness and her own. "So, I've, um, been practicing on Leo with this." Jason said, before realizing the horrible phrasing he used. He colored, a shade of red that Piper noticed looked rather pretty on him, before she was laughing at his expense. It wasn't really laughter, not really, but more so huffs of air as she went through the motions of laughing- a hand covering her mouth, doubled over as she tried to breathe. There was a moment of just the silence of her imitated laughter, before Jason was laughing as well, and Piper swore she was falling in love all over again. Jason had a gorgeous laugh, and Piper stopped laughing just to watch him laugh. When he stopped, giving a small cough, Piper quickly looked away, feeling her cheeks color just a tad. "So," Jason coughed awkwardly. "What I meant was…" He stopped short, looking uncertain of himself, and Piper placed a hand on his shoulder, giving him a reassuring smile, nodding to tell him to go on. He hesitated, before he raised his hands, slowly working throw signs. I'm sorry about before. Jason signed slowly, pausing as he really thought about signs, sometimes just spelling out the word if he couldn't remember the sign. I didn't mean to make you sad. Piper's hearted fluttered, taking wing as she watched Jason work through the signs. She remembered the false memories given to her by the Mist, by Hera, when Jason first appeared, the memories Piper was given about her relationship with Jason. Jason had learned this for her. It's okay, Piper signed back slowly, trying not to let the fluttering of her heart show on her face. Jason shook his head in disagreement. No, Jason signed back, quickly, before his signs got slow once more. I'm sorry. If you hate me because of that I understand. Piper shook her head quickly, heat growing on her cheeks, signing back, I don't hate you! , because Piper could never, never hate Jason, but she must have been too quick for Jason to catch the entire thing, because Piper watched as his face fell, and he turned away. "Okay," He said aloud, and he sounded upset. "I understand. I'll just, go now." And Piper panicked. Jason had gotten the wrong idea, and she panicked, and did the first thing that came to mind. Before he could get too far away, Piper caught him by the shoulder, turning him around. She fisted his orange camp shirt, yanking him down to her level, kissing him full on the mouth. Belatedly, Piper realized what she had done, and released Jason's shirt (and Jason ), backing away, covering her mouth as her face flushed red. Jason was also, covering his mouth, face probably matching Piper's with the red filling his cheeks. And then, he started laughing . Piper's embarrassment fled her, and it was quickly replaced with rage. How dare he laugh at her? In a swift motion, Piper socked Jason as hard as she could in the stomach, turning away, intent on stalking back to her cabin in a huff. Piper had barely made it two paces before there was a hand on hers, yanking her back around. There wasn't time enough to process much of anything else before a pair of warm, slightly chapped, lips was on hers. After what seemed to be an eternity of just them, Jason pulled away, releasing her hand. One hand came up to brush some hair away from her face, and he was smiling fondly at her, making Piper's stomach do flips. Jason opened his mouth, most predictably to say something that would more than likely ruin the mood, so Piper grinned and threw her arms around his neck, pulling him down for another kiss. Love, after all, needed no words.