get your butt up there and tell her good bye." I nodded and stood up and walked toward the body of the girl that I love. I got close to her and I took a deep breath. "When I first saw Annabeth, I thought that she was a princess. I have never been so wrong in my life," chuckles spread through the crowd again. I looked to Grover and he motioned for me to continue. I looked through the crowd and saw all of my friends; Piper, Jason, Leo, Frank, Hazel and Nico. Then Reyna whose eyes looked a little red even though she was still composed. When I saw Thalia, who was not trying to hide any of her tears but wore them with pride, give me a thumbs up I got a little more courage. "Annabeth was the best friend that I could ever have. We knew everything about each other, so much that we remained undefeated as a sparring team. I was never as intelligent or quick as she was, but I did my best to keep up. Other than my mother-" my voice cracked at the mention of her. I cleared my throat, "Annabeth was the only woman to ever put me in awe. I had hoped to start a life together. The day she, left us, she was going to tell me that we were about to start a family." I stopped talking for a minute to compose myself, calm the anger growing in my belly. "Annabeth wanted to build something permanent, and she succeeded. She will always be in my memories. When I disappeared and had my memory wiped, she was still there. I just hope that someday I will get to tell her how much she has meant to me all of these years. I know I will have to wait a while because her last words to me were a threat that if I met her in the underworld too soon she would kick my butt until the end of time." I let out a small laugh, which the rest of the crowd copied. I turned to her body and I lowered myself and kissed her eyes, then her head. "I love you Annabeth, I am going to avenge you, and then I will see you in the next life. I won't forget you, and I won't forget my promise," I whispered in her ear, then I straightened up and put the golden drachma on her eyes and walked back to my seat by Grover. At that point, Athena came up to the body of her daughter and said her final blessing. She then clapped her hands and a brilliant golden flame engulfed Annabeth's body and a second later, she was gone. Jerking awake, I cursed slightly for the nightmares not giving me a single night of rest. Every night since Akhlys I've had to relive those hellish moments. Looking around the bus station I took in my surroundings. The bus station appeared to be normal, no one was screaming or running around with a weapon trying to kill me. I looked at the time, 5:00 am, my bus towards Chicago was about to arrive, so I gathered my things together. I was headed toward the entrance to the Underworld in Los Angeles so that I could continue my mission to the underworld. I was worried about going back down there, but I had no other choice. I needed to meet with Hades, he had information I needed. I checked my bag for the essentials; Annabeth's Yankee's hat, the rings Athena had given me and the photo that someone had taken of me, Annabeth and my parents when we were reunited after the Giant war. I knew Riptide would be in my pocket so I swung my bag over my shoulder and walked to the area with everyone else was standing. I probably looked like another homeless teen standing in line. I hadn't showered in a week, and the clothes I had on were long overdue to be changed. My orange Camp Half-Blood t-shirt was stained so much that it looked more brown than orange. My jeans were torn and stained from all the monster dust that got on them. My shoes were starting to fall apart and my jacket had more holes than Swiss cheese. I didn't care, I was on a mission to avenge Annabeth, my mother and Paul. I was going to willing to pay any price to do it. I went over the information I had again. The day after Annabeth's funeral, Athena and Poseidon came to me and told me they had news. They acted very strange when they had told me that Akhlys wasn't acting alone. It was believed that she was working with some of the older gods, making Tartarus to grow out of control. Monsters hadn't been coming to the mortal world like they usually do and it was worrying the gods. The gods were wanting someone to go down and make things right, but they didn't ask me right out to go down. So I took it upon myself to go back to Tartarus and take out some of the monsters and instill fear back into them and let the older gods know who is really in charge. I could tell they were holding back information, I tried to press on and get it out of them but they told me they couldn't because they swore an oath on the River Styx. They said I would learn in time what it was, but their hands were tied. I wanted to scream and yell, what if the information they weren't telling me was something vital, something I would need in Tartarus? Normally, someone volunteering to go back to the living hell that is Tartarus would sound like some bad joke; but this was something that needed to be done, and I have a score to settle with a certain goddess of poison and suffering.