done is do... everything —" He flaps his hands around him like he's dancing with an invisible person— "the wrong way around." Out of nowhere, he laughs. "We're so stupid, Annabeth. All — or at least, most — other soulmates...they spend their whole lives looking for each other, and then fall in love like it's an obligation, because they believe they're supposed to. We...we took the time to get to know each other, and even while believing we were meant for different people, we fell in love anyway. We took the long way to get where we're at, and, personally, I like that we did." He crosses his arms with a bullishly stubborn expression on his face. "And you didn't do anything wrong. You made a choice, yeah, and it led to all this...stuff, but honestly? I'm glad you did what you did. I'm glad I learned to love you in my own time, and not because it was the universe, or whatever, telling me to." The green in his eyes is a shade darker. "I guess...what I'm saying is, whether or not we were meant for each other is immaterial to me. I love you anyway, and that isn't going to change." It is quiet, save for the sound of flowing water in the tank. "Do you get what I'm saying?" he says. She nods, and he lets out a sigh. "For what it's worth," she mumbles, after another long pause, "I really am sorry for what I did. I don't think I deserve to be forgiven, but—" "I told you, there's nothing to forgive—" "—but," she ploughs on, and a watery little smile surfaces. "I'm glad we took the long route, too." "Yeah." And suddenly there are tears in his eyes, but the smile he's got on is so relieved and so utterly, shamelessly happy that she finds that her own lips curving upward despite herself, despite the sobs breaking out of her chest again. "I don't know whether to feel annoyed or honored at the fact that you lied to me to meet... me," he jokes in a low voice, and she snorts into her own hands. "I can't believe I thought your name was Percival," she says. "I told you, think more Greek. And my dad's name was Poseidon, too, what did you expect?" He grunts as he checks his watch and remarks, "Hey, it's past midnight." "Happy birthday," she says cautiously, stepping forward, but he pulls her into a tight hug anyway; his unshed tears fall onto her shoulder, and hers onto his chest. She can sense his heartbeat thumping smoothly — ba-dump, ba-dump — against her own chest, and it's a nice feeling. His hair tickles her neck, still sticking up in all directions, and his breaths, slow and even, lift the ends of her curls. His eyes are closed, so she takes the time to calm herself by counting the freckles on his cheek. She likes noticing the small things. She'd like to go on noticing them forever. "Annabeth," he murmurs. "Yeah?" She lets him untangle himself and step back. "There's kind of something I wanted to do today." There is an underlying tremble in his voice that sets her on edge all over again. "What?" she asks. The look on his face is close to the one he'd worn right before he'd kissed her for the first time outside his apartment on his birthday, all those years ago. "For our anniversary." He drops to one knee, and she inhales sharply, recalling what he'd written on her arm before: I'm even planning to propose soon, but he doesn't take out a little black box or anything: he withdraws a large ink pen from his pocket, the one he'd called Riptide, the one he'd taken from his old room last Christmas, the one he'd said he'd filled with gold ink. She doesn't understand until he uncaps the pen and begins to draw something on his free hand; she struggles to see what he's writing, but then her own finger begins to smart and she lifts it up to see, and then lets out a cry that is half shock, half joy, as she watches the gold ink begin to circle her finger in the shape and design of what can only be — "Percy," she sobs. "Oh my god —" —a ring. "Funny part is," he says wryly, as he caps Riptide, "I came here to meet my soulmate today, to get closure, I guess, and afterward, I was gonna fill Riptide with blue ink, to symbolize moving on. Sounds a little dramatic now." He grins, gazing up at her like she's a drop of rainwater and he's a lost man wandering the desert. "And now I guess I won't have to. Funny how these things happen, huh?" His expression grows a little serious, then, as he holds up his own hand to clasp both of hers, and the rings on their fingers glitter in the dim blue light. "Annabeth Chase," he breathes, "will you marry me?" She crumbles, extracting her hands to wipe her face, which is all pink and blotchy from all the crying — seriously, she's never cried this much in all her life — and then an idea strikes her. She reaches into the pockets of her jeans, fishing around for what she needs, and finally extracting the old ballpoint pen she'd brought with her. She removes the cap with her teeth, and then begins to write on her left palm. Percy's expression is one of confusion at first, but he looks at his own palm, his face brightening and an elated laugh bubbling out of him as the single word darkens into his skin, alongside a little star that started it all: Yes. a/n: i need to be stopped before i write another soulmate au fic holy shit review if you can; i love hearing from you all. i hope you liked this, thank you so much for reading!