girls tensing up. It's never good if a boy knew a hunter's name, even more so when the hunters didn't know him. "Answer the question." Thalia demanded. "I'm... your baby brother." He whispered. Thalia dropped her hunting knife. "Jason?" She gasped. "You- Oh my gods. The scar..." She took a small step forward, remembering that day. "You tried to eat a stapler, oh my gods it's really you. I... I thought-" She paused, then turned to her group. "Attend to them, treat them as if they were one of our own. The girl has hypothermia, Phoebe tend to her. Hunter, Sophii, set up camp and alert the others." The girls nodded and went to work immediately. Thalia's electric eyes met berry ones. "Zoë, you will come with me." The coppery girl shouldered her bow and nodded. Jason mumbled something to the elf and the two followed Thalia to her tent. The entire time they talked, Zoë stood in the corner with a concerned gaze. Thalia ushered the boys out and walked over to Zoë. "You know what this is, don't you?" The ex-lieutenant nodded slowly. "It has been a while, but I recognize a praetor from anywhere." "Praetor? Like a leader?" Zoë nodded. "Your brother has served for a long time, I'm surprised he isn't colder." Thalia bit her lip. "I thought he was dead. Any Jason is better than No Jason." Zoë grabbed Thalia's hand. Her fingers were warm and sent tingles down Thalia's spine. "Jason isn't cold," Zoë reassured. "I have a feeling about him, the same kind I had with Percy. I do not always agree with the queen of the gods, she cost me my first home, but I can say one thing." Thalia's heart was pounding with anticipation. "Jason is not like Luke. He is a true ally to the hunt." Thalia ran across the lawn that August night and tackled her brother in a hug. Jason let out a startled grumble and collapsed, half conscious. Percy watched the two, frowning. "What?" "Reyna was right. Jason really does look like the All American boy, and you look like the person who'll rob him at gunpoint." Thalia let out a laugh. "I do not!" "Do too." Annabeth grumbled, half smiling. The hunters made themselves at home, chatting up with roman girls, offering places in the hunt. "You look tired." Percy noted when Jason and Annabeth walked off. Thalia pierced her lips. "No I do not." Percy scanned her features. His eyes were colder, much colder. But they had a small spark in them. "You're right, you look like you might be in love." Thalia choked. "What gives you that idea?!" Percy nodded in Zoë's direction. "You have that puppy look Annabeth told me I had." "Hunters don't fall in love, Percy." "Sure they do." He stated. "It's just a matter of taking that risk for a second chance." Thalia looked at Aegis, the silver bracelet on her wrist. "I swore off love, so did Zoë. What if she doesn't like me back?" Percy watched the hunter with a blank face. "Ask Drew." He stated. "She'll be able to tell you. I can't though, I'm not that skilled. Thalia bit her lip. Then she walked over to a group of Aphrodite children, leaving Percy alone by cabin 1. They noticed her, falling silent as she approached. "I need to talk to Drew. Alone." The girls half glared at her, but left until there was only a girl with pink lined eyes and sleek black hair. "What do you want, hunter?" Thalia cleared her throat uncomfortably. "I... need to know who Zoë is in love with?" Drew's eyebrows knitted together. "Why?" Thalia bit her lip. This seemed so much harder, but Percy was right. She did like Zoë, more than a hunter should. "Oh my gods, you have a crush?" Drew whispered, suddenly excited. Thalia shushed her, eyes wide. "Okay geez, sorry. I need to get closer to her." Thalia sighed, then beckoned the love child to follow her. Zoë noticed Thalia approaching her and decided to meet her halfway. "Thalia," Zoë started, "I need to-" "Oh my gods, so cute!" Drew squealed. The entire camp went silent. "Um... oops... I'll just leave-" "Wait, what is going on?" Zoë demanded. Drew held up her hands and backed away, doe brown eyes wide and innocent. "Zoë, I have come to realize that I like you more than a friend..." Thalia's voice was hoarse. Everyone's eyes were on her now, spotlighted and critical. Zoë's mouth dropped a little when she noticed what Thalia meant. "You... love me?" She whispered. Thalia nodded. "I know hunters can't do-" Zoë engulfed her in a hug. "Oh gods of Olympus, I love you too!" Thalia stumbled back a little, then smiled brightly. When the two parted from the hug, she noticed the child goddess standing in front of cabin 8. "M'lady." Thalia held up here hands. "I can explain." "You do not need to." Artemis walked towards the two. "Neither of you do." Zoë bowed her head a little. Campers gathered around, curious. "You can not stay within my hunt, romance is something that is notorious for being incompatible with partial immortality. I do not wish to see my two favourite hunters suffer from heartbreak due to dying in combat. Upon your wish, I shall release you both." Thalia thought for a moment. She told herself for years that she will never turn 16. But now she was given that chance, and to grow old with a girl she loved. "I accept." Zoë stated. Thalia's heart fluttered, and she made up her mind. "I accept as well." In a flash of gold light, she felt the immortality slip away from her. Zoë grabbed her hand and planted a kiss on her cheek. "Of all the people, I never thought my rival from ages ago would have been the reason I left the hunt." Zoë smiled. "But I would not have it any other way."