floors, in search of any leftover survivors. They encountered a curly-haired, scrawny teen. Surrounded by fire, the boy had his arms wrapped around his knees. Just as the roof collapsed, Frank moved for the boy. He rolled out of the way of the falling debris just in time. "Frank, you okay?" his friend yelled from the other side. "Yeah, I'll meet up with you. Just go now!" Frank called back. He focused his attention on the boy, who still had not moved. He knelt in front of the boy, urging him to leave. "No," the teen said, raising his brown eyes. "I won't." "You have to. You'll die if you don't," Frank said, already prepared to pick up the boy and carry him downstairs. "I won't die, but you will if you don't leave soon." "I'm not leaving without you." "Tough. I'm not going with you." Frank reached for the teen. The boy darted away. "I'm serious. You'll die if you stay here longer." Another section of the roof collapsed. "You will, too," Frank said. "Look, the roof's collapsing. Leave. Save yourself. I'm just some good-for-nothing anyway." "I'm saving you no matter what," Frank growled. The heat surrounding them was growing unbearably hot. He didn't understand how the skinny teen could stand it. The boy wasn't even coughing because of the smoke. Frank charged at the boy, and again, the boy darted away. Then, the roof completely collapsed, trapping Frank under it. He couldn't see the boy, but he wasn't naïve enough to think the boy had survived. Frank gritted his teeth as the fire seared at his skin. There was no surviving this. It was finally his time. Frank bit back a bitter laugh. In the end, the fire he extinguished so often had turned the tables, stealing back the life that had escaped all those years ago. Sometimes, Leo wondered where the happy, fun Leo went. But he knew where: that Leo died by his mother's side. Now, he was numb all the time. All that made him feel again was the fire that he hated so much. In the end, Leo couldn't help but admire fire: the beautiful, red-orange flames dancing; the sizzling crackle as the fire ate away at whatever stood in its path; the volatility of fire, one moment under control, the next a raging beast. It all fascinated him. No matter how many fires he started, no matter how many times he experienced its ferocity, it still felt new to him. True, it was regrettable when people's lives were lost. That was never his intention. He just wanted to see the flames doing the work they did best: destroying. Thinking of lives lost reminded Leo of his last fire. The one where the firefighter Frank Zhang tried to save his life. Leo felt guilty about that one. He should've let the man take him away, even if it meant leaving the fire. This time, Leo was going to start a fire at night. Fires were much prettier at night. They illuminated the dark sky, casting mysterious shadows. And there was a less chance of killing someone. People were less likely to be working at night. His target was a famous software company's building. He didn't hold any particular grudges against the company, but the building was a skyscraper. Leo wanted to see if a burning skyscraper was more impressive than a regular burning building. At night, Leo started his fire. He watched for the nth time as flames climbed the building, leaving charred marks in its path. Shadows mimicked the fire's dance, twisting and shifting. Leo grinned as he stared, entranced. It was much more beautiful when a fire worked its magic on a skyscraper. The fire reached higher, burned more ferociously. It must've been a while, but Leo only came out of his reverie when he saw the blonde woman being shoved onto a gurney and wheeled into an ambulance. Darn it, he'd injured another person. There was no telling if that woman would survive. Leo watched the fire settling down. He hated that people got hurt because of him, but he couldn't help it. The fire just looked so beautiful. Annabeth was glad her damage from the fire wasn't that severe. On the other hand, her computer and all of her building plans were probably toast. She sighed as she stared out the window, staring at what used to be her company building. Annabeth had loved that building. She'd spent so many hours exploring the inside and the outside, examining the architecture, when she was supposed to be working. The door to her room opened, and a black-haired doctor with sea-green eyes approached. "How are you feeling, Ms. Chase?" he asked, his voice overly kind. "Like I was just roasted over a fire. Oh, wait, that might be because I almost burned to death." "Please, Ms. Chase, cooperate with us. You'll be let out in a few weeks." "And that's a few weeks too late." No matter how much Annabeth complained, the stupid Dr. Percy Jackson insisted that she had to stay for a few more weeks. In those weeks, Annabeth recreated all of her drawings from memory. Building after building sprung to life on her pages. Annabeth was determined to show that stupid arsonist that she wouldn't give up on her dream, even if all of her drawings had burned to a crisp. She'd hold on tight to her dream and never let go. A/N: I think the last one was the worst. It's so bad, but I hope you liked it. It isn't that good 'cause 1) it was spontaneous and not well thought-out and 2) I don't edit my stories. Anyway, if any of you other than Shadows was wondering what each character does (like, their jobs) in this story, here're my notes: Percy—Doc, swims on the side; Annabeth—computer scientist/engineer, aspiring architect; Leo—runaway, pyromaniac; Nico—drug seller, dragged into gang business/used-to-be pickpocket; Jason—CEO, "perfect"; Piper—beauty parlor; Hazel—jewel seller; Frank—firefighter; Stolls—tricksters/pickpockets