a stupid crush and I can get over it, so, like, you can stop making up th-these lies to make us both feel less crappy, and—" she tries to wipe her eyes. "Just leave me be, okay?" "Oh my god, you moron," Percy whispers suddenly, bringing his face very close. She sees the corners of his lips jerking upwards; she probably looks like a fish right now, and she doesn't think she can take any more humiliation. "Look," he explains, in a level voice, "I liked Grey Wind. Yeah. I liked all the qualities you had that were just...more pronounced in her. I guess it was more of an admiration thing than anything, but that's why I was such a flirt with her. With you." He takes a breath. "But...I dunno. Lately, I'm pretty sure I'd started to fall for you, too...and then I got confused, because Grey Wind, I mean, you, let me kiss you, and then I got even more confused, because you said you liked someone else, but I liked you..." He blinks. "Like, if you need proof, ask Jason. I think I really freaked him out today morning." She gazes at him. "You're lying." "I'm not," he says, and his gaze is steely and steady, and she knows he's not lying. Because it's Percy, and he never lies to her. "Okay," she whispers. He smiles, and it's relieving, because with this, somehow, their relationship is no longer regressing but is instead back to some semblance of normalcy, and the stupidity of the whole thing catches Annabeth off-guard. As long as they both acknowledge the ridiculousness of their situation, it should be fine. The silence that wedges between them is comfortable now, at least, settles softly like dust through cracks of sunlight. She smiles back, and suddenly his hand is holding her face in a completely different way. She blinks. He blinks. She rolls her eyes, and then they're kissing. This one feels different, it feels more real , and just as they are out of breath Percy's started to laugh again, and, before she can catch herself, Annabeth finds herself laughing, too, more freely than she has in months. "I can't believe I didn't see it was you," he howls. "I can't...I can't believe you called me cold stuff," Annabeth wheezes, and Percy laughs so hard he rolls off the bed. When their laughter has died for the time being, Percy sits up on the floor and tugs at her hand, bringing her closer. She plops down on the floor next to him, resting her head on his shoulder. "This is really fucked up," Percy remarks, "but I'm glad it happened." "That makes one of us," she says, half-laughing, but then Percy leans down to kiss her, and the rest of her retort is completely forgotten. / For some reason that he can't place, sleep doesn't come easy to Percy, and so he lies awake in bed, alight with contagious excitement. When it's morning, he rushes outside, grabs a bagel for himself and some donuts for Annabeth from the nearest cafe, and, after making sure nobody's looking, he lifts himself on a cool morning breeze and guides himself to Annabeth's window. He knocks loudly until she appears at the window, glaring sleepily. "Dork," she mumbles. "It's a Sunday. Leave me alone." Still, she opens the window to let him through, and he does, exhaling when his feet touch her bed. Annabeth closes the window behind him and lies back down, but Percy simply slides into the him-shaped space beside her, feeling the warmth she gives off even through the sheets. "Hey," he whispers. "Let's go on a date." "Mmmhmm?" she mumbles, and he can hear the smile in her voice. "Where?" "I was thinking I'll take you someplace high up. I'll take you windsurfing. So high up we can see the whole city at once." "Percy, that's patrol, " Annabeth laughs, summoning her stuffed owl to hit him in the head. "Shut up, it's super romantic." She sits up, yawning and stretching, and sighs when his arm encircles her. "Make me french toast." "No," he tells her, and she laughs. She drags him out to the kitchen, holding the box of donuts in one hand, and Percy picks up the paper, where he and Annabeth stand side-by-side after nabbing a wanted criminal. " Man ," Percy gushes, "Look at her. She's so hot. Have you seen her legs?" He sees them, now, as she aims a clumsy kick at him; he darts out of the way. He can smell that she's burning the toast already, so he tells her coffee is enough, thanks, even though she glares at him when he says it. "Any plans today?" she asks. "None," he says. "Unless you wanna go on that date." Before she can respond, their phones both beep. He gazes at his. Fire across town. He looks back at her: she looks almost annoyed that she's having to leave the apartment without taking even a single sip of coffee. "My plans sound pretty good now, huh?" He grins. "Still up for it?" "I'll think about it," she says, and vanishes from sight. He assumes she's left the place already, but he hears her footsteps rush back to him. He thinks that maybe she's going to give him a kiss, but all she does is lift a donut from the box and rush away again. "Race you!" she calls, leaping through the kitchen window. She turns visible for a split second when she's outside, sticking her tongue at him and taking a huge bite of the donut. What a dork, he thinks, standing up to follow. I love her. / a/u: I LITERALLY WROTE THIS IN TWO DAYS AND IT'S SO LONG. HOW EVEN. but anyways this is for mari (percyyoulittleshit on tumblr) because she helped me out with this tons and also to make her feel better *hugs* drop a review if it's good, means a ton :)