a wishing fountain in which they were both utterly soaked. After this, it was pretty much agreed upon by everyone that Thea would stay far away from my mother's career and only really attended social events when me having a date was absolutely critical. "Because that's the whole reason he's in town." Daisy said giving her a significant look. "He wants to meet you." Thea laughed clearly thinking this was a joke, but stopped quickly when she caught my sister's expression. "Wait, you're serious?" "Yeah." Daisy said and Thea looked most upset. "You mean I have to sit through another one of those boring, screechy musicals?" she muttered morosely and I looked at her with an eyebrow raised. "What?" "My Dad makes time to come meet you, and that's what you're worried about?" I asked her, deciding not to point out the musicals and operas were completely different forms of entertainment. "You're so weird Thea." Daisy said chuckling and shaking her head. "Well, I figure you two are going to want to talk about this. I'm going to head down. Don't take too long alright? You know how much she hates waiting." "Alright." Thea said and Daisy gave her a curious look before heading back towards the stairwell. "Why do you look so tense Adam?" "How are you not?" I asked her. "If my father's coming something must be up." "You need to relax." She said amused. "How can you be so calm?" I asked and she shrugged. "You do remember that he is the King of Olympus right? The most powerful God in the pantheon has taken a personal interest in you. Why are you just shrugging?" "He can't hate me too much." She said and when I gave her a questioning look she grinned. "What are you up to?" I asked warily. I knew that expression. She didn't answer, just let herself slip off the wall and plummeted to the ground. "Thea!" I shouted in shock but she laughed and easily flew back up, holding her hand up for me to see the ring that was glowing. "Still works." She said shrugging. "If he had an issue with me I think I would have hit the ground. Or, you know, been zapped out of the sky. I've been airborne more than enough times for him to notice." "You're weird." "You love me." She said with a laugh and I grinned. "You're right. I do." I pulled her back onto the roof and put an arm around her shoulders while she put one around my waist as we crossed the roof back to the stairwell. "Do I really have to go to the stupid opera?" she asked looking up at me. "Yes." I said with a laugh. "But it's so awful." she complained. "It's not that bad." "I beg to differ." "Well what would you have us do if you had the choice?" "There's a monster truck rally at he Verizon center tonight." She suggested. "That could be fun." "You just want to steal a monster truck." I said looking down at her and she smiled. "I think I'd look good in one. You know, leather jacket, aviators and a ridiculously lifted ride. I could blast metal music and trample over all the monsters in DC. I'd probably even be back before dinner." "Yeah, well that dream will have to wait. You're going to have to be on your best behavior tonight." "I won't be." "Of course not." I said rolling my eyes and holding the door to the steps open for her. "You're determined to be an obituary aren't you?" "Obituary?" she asked with a laugh. "Dream bigger Adam. I expect the damn front page." She held up her hand and looked off into the distance as if reading a billboard. "' Local Teen Struck by Lightning Indoors, Baffles Weathermen Everywhere' ." "I'll make sure they put that on your head stone." "Well as long as it catches people's attention." She said amused. "I think you're doing that just fine without being electrocuted." I said taking her hand as we stepped out of the stairwell and she smiled. We made our way towards the front of the school where Daisy was leaning against a limo waiting for us. "Ready?" she asked grinning at me. "As I'll ever be." I muttered and Thea rolled her eyes as we slid into the back. "Cheer up Adam. The last time I saw my Dad he nearly barbecued half the camp. It won't be that bad. Hey Mrs. K." "Hello Thea." My mother said warily and while I was pretty sure she'd grown to like Thea over the last few months, I could tell she was anxious about how the evening was going to go. "I was told there was an incident involving the Rosenthal boy and a bat today at school. I do hope you weren't caught." "That was you?" Daisy asked snickering. "Do they ever catch me?" Thea asked grinning and I could tell my mother was half way to reprimanding her when I cut her off. "Don't bother, she's going to do what she wants." Thea flashed me a smile. "This is going to be a long night isn't it?" my mother asked with a sigh as Daisy pulled out her phone, plugged her headphones in and handed Thea one and they started listening to the music on it. "He might like her." I pointed out remembering what Thea said about my father's lack of reaction to how often she'd borrowed my powers via his ring. "You think?" she asked doubtfully. "Your father is a very particular person Adam." "So are you." I said and she gave me a calculated look. "She still won you over." "We'll see." She said glancing at Thea who was laughing with Daisy about something we'd missed, but I was pretty sure had to do with Devin. She still looked anxious, but I could have sworn as she looked at Thea she almost smiled.