"Well, we should probably get going." Thea said looking around at the many trampled plants and the collapsed archway. "This is a pretty big mess and I don't want to be around when someone spots it." "Good thinking." "You guys go ahead." Hannah said. "I'll catch up in a second. I'm going to try and salvage what I can." "Alright." I said and I could tell Thea was about to ask Hannah was she was bothering, but decided against it. She simply waited for me to grab my axe and together we shrank our weapons and walked back to the main part of the gardens. "So, how've you been?" Thea asked and only when I saw that she looked up at me did I realize something. "I'm taller than you." I said in amazement and she grinned. "Well you are a guy." she pointed out. "It's not that surprising." "But you've always been so much taller than me. It drove me nuts. It made me feel like such a little kid." "You're still a kid." "I'm sixteen." I said resentfully. "You're still a baby." She said pinching my cheek. "Thea." I snapped annoyed and she laughed. "Dennis, you're always going to be my little brother. You could be sixty feet tall and I'd still call you a baby." I groaned, glad Hannah wasn't here to witness this exchange. As we stepped onto the main path, I spotted Mrs. Hags with a tall young man. He had dark hair and blue eyes that were looking politely at the teacher, who was no doubt yammering on about the plants, but I could tell he wasn't taking in a word of what she said. Being the son of Zeus, Adam could be a pretty intimidating figure if he wanted to be. In fact, I'd remembered being terrified of him the first time I'd met him. He'd saved me, two other demigods, and a satyr, from being attacked by monsters on our way to camp, and had just utterly destroyed them. But I wasn't remotely afraid of Adam anymore. Powerful he might be, it was hard to be scared of someone who pretty much did whatever your sister said. It wasn't like Thea ordered Adam around, but I could tell he was happiest when he was with her, so he pretty much just went along with whatever craziness she'd decided to get up to. "Ah, excellent, you found each other." Mrs. Hags said as Thea and I stepped into her line of sight. "Well Dennis, now that I see your sister is in fact a real person, you are free to go." But Adam, who'd obviously noticed what Hags had not, asked. "Where's Hannah?" "Here!" she called jogging out of the leaves looking slightly out of breath. "Excellent." said Thea brightly, looking at Hannah and I when she'd caught up to us. "You guys ready?" "Yeah." I said and Hannah nodded, looking slightly disappointed we were leaving the gardens so soon, but not complaining. As we started to walk, Adam took Thea's hand and I instinctively reached for Hannah's but caught myself. She didn't notice, still too busy looking around the garden, but Thea did. She shot me a curious expression but I shook my head and she seemed to understand. It was only then I realized I hadn't seen Thea since before Hannah and I broke up, she probably didn't know it had even happened. I glanced at Hannah who was looking at the plants glumly and I knew she wanted to stay longer. "You can always come back." I assured her. "It's not like it's going anywhere." "Yeah I guess." She said but she still looked a little upset. I was about to ask Thea if it was possible to hang back for a little bit, but before I could ask, Thea broke away from the conversation she'd been having with Adam and looked back at me with a grin. "What?" I asked unable to help grinning myself. I knew that expression. Whatever was on her mind was bound to be fun. "We've got a bit of time before our train leaves and as you know, as cabin head I'm supposed to set a good example at camp." "So?" "So we're not at camp." She said and I saw Adam roll his eyes. "Feel like challenging the master?" My smile grew. "What's the challenge?" "I'll let you decide, just make sure it's innocuous. I think Adam and Hannah would appreciate not getting involved in the middle of a crime spree." "Yes we would." Adam said looking at her half amused, half exasperated, and she smiled at him innocently before turning to me. "Well, what's it going to be?" I was about to suggest a race, I'd been speed training for soccer and thought I might just be able to take her, but when I spotted Hannah looking a water feature with Lily's floating peacefully in an artificial pond I changed my mind. She'd smiled and even the tiniest buds burst into full boom. "Wrist bands." I said holding up my own. They'd given everyone who'd entered the gardens an orange wrist band for the day to prove they'd paid to be there. "Whoever gets the most by the time we need to head to the station wins." "Interesting." Thea said looking at the band critically, then grinning. "Alright, you're on." "You are so going down." I smirked and she laughed. "If you think so my little protégé." She said then held up Adam's wrist band. "But you're already behind." She winked and took off laughing, no doubt to find her next victim. I was about to chase after her, but I felt something tap my shoulder. I looked down to see Hannah holding up her own wrist band. "Thanks Dennis." She said smiling at me and I knew she'd realized I'd bought her more time in the garden. "No problem Han." I said grinning, taking the wrist band, and running after Thea.