oath. Because I—" "I don't hate you!" Triton cut him off, appalled. Percy snorted. "Yeah, right. I saw the way you looked at me, last year. You wanted me gone." Triton took a deep breath, but before he could say anything, Percy started talking again. "I get it, you know. I really do," Percy's green eyes were wandering across the ceiling aimlessly. "You don't want me here. I'm not supposed to be here. I'm not even supposed to exist. I'm a mistake." The amount of bitterness in his voice surprised Triton, and some distant corner of his mind acknowledged that the boy wouldn't be saying any of this if he wasn't half conscious and drugged to the gills. "I mean, I have saved a few people," Percy said. "But there were so many more who I couldn't save. So many who paid the price for the mistakes of the Olympians." He sighed, eyes drifting to the window. "We're just kids, you know?" Triton swallowed hard. "I know." "We never asked for any of this. We just want somewhere to live, where we can actually live , without always being afraid of what's gonna try and kill us next. We don't want the wars, or the quests. We just want to be able to see our parents, talk to our family. Did you know," he tilted his head and looked Triton in the eyes, "that right after we saved Artemis on Mt. Tam and went to Olympus to make Zeus admit Kronos was rising again, almost half of the Olympians voted to have me incinerated right then and there?" Triton's mouth was opening and closing, but he couldn't quite seem to get any sound out. "No? Yeah, well….Most of them want me dead anyway, only reason I'm still around is because I'm useful." He snorted. "When they decide I'm not necessary anymore, one of them will snap their fingers and poof. No more Percy. And not one immortal will care. Well, Aunt Hestia will. Uncle Hades is probably going to do a victory dance—he's wanted me dead even longer than Zeus. Can't really blame him though, considering what Zeus did to his family…." Percy trailed off. "Father would care," Triton rasped. "Yeah," Percy's mouth pulled up at the corner. "I'm pretty sure he's the only reason I made it past twelve." "What?" "The year I got to camp, Chiron told me the only reason the Olympians hadn't attacked me yet was because they were afraid of angering Poseidon." Percy huffed a quiet laugh. "It is an absolute pity that Kronos didn't share that fear. Or Gaea." The boy looked at Triton and aimed a broken smile his way. "That would have made my life so much simpler. And less painful. You know," he said, "I should have taken Medusa up on her deal." "Medusa?!" Triton shouted, horrified. Percy snorted. "Yeah. One of the first monsters I killed. She made me an offer. "Don't be a pawn of the Olympians, my dear," she said. "Your life would be better as a statue. Less pain, less pain."" Percy shook his head, bitterness burning in his eyes. "She was right." "But—But you're a hero!" Triton stammered, unable to believe his ears. "You've saved the world, twice over! You have so much to live for." Percy laughed with no humor. "We don't save the world because we want all of the pressure and pain and loss that comes with it. We save the world because no one else is willing to do it. We're kids , Triton. We should be worrying about grades and girls and passing our driver's tests, not what all-powerful, immortal, supernatural being is going to try and murder us and everyone we love next. That's not living, that's surviving. That's barely surviving." He laughed again, and tears shimmered in his eyes. "And some of us don't even manage that. You know where they are?" Triton wordlessly shook his head. "They're dead, " Percy spat. "For almost half of them, we couldn't even recover their bodies , so we sent their parents their funeral shroud , because we have those. It's one of the first things you do when you get to camp—you make your own funeral shroud. "Welcome to camp, your parents have insulted/cursed the vast majority of monstrous beings in existence and they're all going to come after you, so here's a funeral shroud! And when you are inevitably killed, we might even be able to recover your mutilated body instead of just sending your parents your shroud! Aren't you lucky!"" Triton felt like he was going to throw up. The boy smiled, but it was all sharp edges and his eyes were broken into a thousand pieces. "Welcome to the life of a demigod," he said softly. "It's such an honor to be the child of an Olympian." OooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooO There we go! I know that Percy is really angsty and bitter here, but this fic is set pretty soon after he gets back from Tartarus. And I know that I'm leaving Annabeth out of this. It's just because I can't get her character right. I love Annabeth, and Percebeth is life, but I don't do well with romance. Like, at all. So I'll stick with the blood and angst and pain. I am such a cheerful person. Anyway, this chapter was about Triton seeing past the "I'm a demigod! Life is great!" thing that he had going in The Last Olympian. He's seeing that Percy's life isn't all long walks on the beach and sunsets. It's a very difficult, pain-filled life, and he's realizing that there's much more to this boy than he first thought. The only thing I can promise about this story is that things will get brighter eventually. No idea when, but eventually. If you have any requests or ideas, let me know! Also, that bit about summoning small children wherever you go? Am I the only person that has this problem? Thanks! Reviews are love!