teachers should have been involved in this. Only, I literally had no idea what was going to happen, all I knew was I was in big trouble, probably expulsion-worthy trouble. 6 schools, 6 years, and going on 7. Lucky me. When I got to the top of the stair, Mrs. Dodds wasn't there. She was all the way at the end of the corridor, easily 100 feet away from me. How…? I didn't think. I just followed silently. When I had finally caught up to my math teacher, we were back in the Greek Exhibit. It was completely deserted of everyone, excluding Dodds and I. It was the worst feeling in the world - being alone in a room with a teacher. The way she looked overall would be enough to give me heart-failure. She's a teacher, she can't hurt me… Right? But something pulled at the back of my mind. The way she glared at the statues of the greek goddess at the edges of the room, the growl forming in the back of her throat… "You've been giving up a lot of problems, Sweetheart." she purred, keeping her hungry gaze set on the King God, Zeus. "Y-yes ma'am." I shifted nervously. I felt like an animal trapped in a cage, looking for a way out. I was safe, but still… something told me to run. "Did you really think you could get away with it?" "No- no ma'am… I shouldn't have pushed Nancy." She turned around slowly to face me. "Oh sweetheart, I don't care about that. Tell me where it is, and you can live." Wait… live? "Miss… what are you-" "Time's up." I should have ran, but my legs weren't working. Her face morphed into that of a fig - wrinkled, dried, and glistening with a purple hue. Her leather jacket melted away and wings grew out of her back, looking like the jacket was just scraped to make it. Her clothes turned into layers of black cloaks, tattered and covered in dried, cracking blood. A whip curled onto the floor, appearing in her right hand. She looked like she was just pulled out of a horror film, complete with cornrows of hair beaded with glowing blue spikes. I stumbled backwards, unable to believe my eyes. She bared her fangs. "Where is it!" She screeched. Her voice sounded like millions of tortured souls were speaking at once, wailing for freedom. Yellow fangs flashed in the light, black blood oozing out of her mouth like a stream after a storm. Then something even more strange happened. Mr. Brunner, who had just been sitting outside happily indulging in his book, was at the entrance behind Mrs. Dodds (or whoever she was). "What Ho, Percy!" a gold and purple object flashed through the air - a gold capped purple ballpoint pen. Only, when I caught it, it wasn't a pen. It was a glowing bronze sword - the one Mr. Brunner used every testing day (aka tournament days). "Die, Sweetie." The creature who had use to be my teacher flashed her whip towards me. Out of sheer fear, I shifted the sword to my left hand and swung it with all my might. TSSHHhhhhhh. She was a sand castle in a power fan. The minute the sword connected with her torso, she erupted into a cloud of white dust. A wail of defeat echoed through the halls, and Mrs. Dodds was no more. There was a gold and purple pen in my hand. I was all alone in a museum exhibit. There was white powder all over me. Did I… did I just hallucinate? I took a deep breath in, holding back a sob. What was going on with me? It felt like forever, but I slowly made my way back outside and down the steps. It had started raining, fat droplets of icy-cold water pelting everyone outside. Mr. Brunner was still on his ramp, engrossed in his book. Grover was over by the fountain still, holding a map over his head in attempt to keep his hair dry. Nancy was still soaking wet from her swim in the fountain, grumbling with her friends. When she saw me, she sneered. "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." I blinked and stopped walking, pivoting my body to face her. "Who?" She rolled her eyes. "Mrs. Kerr, our teacher, you idiot." "I've never met a Mrs. Kerr in my life." She just glared at me and turned away. I stumbled back to Grover. "Hey… Have you seen Mrs. Dodds anywhere?" "Who?" Grover looked at me, his head tilted to the right. "Mrs. Dodds. Our math teacher. About 5 foot tall, cornrows. Leather jackets…" "Percy, I- I don't know who you're talking about." He hesitated. I felt angry again. My best friend was lying point blank to my face. "Dude, this isn't funny. Where is she?" I pushed the anger down. Last time I got angry, Nancy almost drowned herself. I couldn't loose my best friend to that. Grover shook his head and I stormed off towards Mr. Brunner. What was going on with me? "Awh Percy." Mr. Brunner looked up at me when I was within 5 feet away from him. "How may I help you?" "Sir, where is Mrs. Dodds?" I steadied my voice. Brunner bookmarked his page with a blue and pink metal bookmarker that said 'Never a day wasted when a good book is involved' "Percy, my dear boy, I haven't heard of a Mrs. Dodds before." "But sir-" "Percy, maybe we need to get you back to the nurse's office when we get back to school. And please, next time bring your own writing utensils." He held his hand out expectantly and I looked at it, confused. My eyes flickered down to the pen I had forgotten I was holding. Slowly I hand him the strange pen. "Sorry sir." I mumbled, then turned back around to walk back towards Grover. Was it really just some weird hallucination?