me cry And it's just too bad, cause you've already had the best days The best days of your life Of your life Oh, oh, yeah You're gonna think of me You're gonna think of me in your life Oh, oh, yeah It's a shame, it's a shame" There was applause. Everyone loved Hera's voice. For once, the goddess felt relief. ~~July~~ Hera walked up to the bar and slipped her arm around Percy's. "Hey, you were beautiful on stage," Percy slide his arm around her waist. Zeus eyes her disguise with a hint of confusion. He had no idea it was her. The bleach blonde nodded. "I wish I had your voice. You sounded like a goddess." 'Summer' smiled. "Oh, I wish I did. But no, I am nothing like my goddesses." "Your goddesses?" Zeus raised an eyebrow. Summer nodded. "Both Percy-pie and I are pagan, hellenistic." She played with her ring. "We believe in the greek gods." The girl opened her mouth in an 'o' fashion. "Like Zeus and Hera?" Hera's lips twitched at the recognition. "Yes, like Zeus and Hera." Zeus shifted uncomfortably at his name being mentioned next to Hera's. "So, like, do you worship the gods?" She twisted her hair around her finger. "Oh no no no, we don't worship the gods," Percy waved his hands side to side. "We worship only one of them, our patron god." "Goddess," Hera corrected. "Ours is Hera, goddess of marriage." Zeus flinched at the name. "Why not any other god?" He grumbled. But Percy and Hera ignored him. "So, like, do you wish she'll bless you two with a happy marriage?" This caught Hera of guard. What was she supposed to say to that. Percy reacted quicker. "Oh, that would be really hard to do." He stirred his drink around. "She's probably busy hunting down her husband. He's not very loyal to his wife." "Cheated on her all the time," Hera added. "The poor goddess was so alone." "Awh, well I really do hope she can get a better marriage." The blonde stated chipperly. Zeus cleared his throat. "Daphne, maybe we should go-" "But I wanna learn more!" Daphne complained. Hera smiled at this. "The internet is filled with Greek Mythology. Maybe you could study it in college." Daphne pondered this for a minute. "Well, I don't have a major yet… I will!" She clapped her hand together, delighted in herself. "I'll be really good at it too." The four bid their finally farewells and Zeus dragged Daphne away. "Do you think he caught on?" Percy whispered as Zeus opened the bar door. "He has absolutely no clue." Percy pulled her in closer and the room suddenly felt warmer. She looked up at sea green eyes and her knees melted. She fell in love. ~~July~~ The following week was pure paradise for the goddess and demigod. Their time together was coming to an end, since Percy told her only a year of travelling, then he'd settle down and make a life. She couldn't complain then. But now, she was head over heels. Percy, in many ways, was much better than Zeus. It went against her entire philosophy to fall in love with a mortal. But here she was, the goddess of marriage, thinking about cheating on her husband. Percy being shirtless was not helping. They were in Washington State, at an indoor jacuzzi suite. Percy's arms were around her, watching the sun set over the horizon. Her confusion over her feelings made her slip up. She told him. And he told her his feelings right back. They went to bed that night, together. Happy ~~July~~ A week came way too fast. Saying goodbye to Hera was one of the hardest things to do for Percy. But he understood. She wanted to make him her immortal priest. She wanted to make him a king. She put him in the same position that Poseidon had put Sally in. Percy said no. "I love you, really I do. But I am meant to stay mortal." Hera, though sad, understood. She hugged him farewell. "I have a feeling… I think I shouldn't stay in the hole I dug myself into with Zeus," She told him. "He's not loyal, everyone he dates wants to be queen in one way or another. I think I'm going to start finding men, ones who aren't selfish like Zeus." With that, she took him to a very special location in the middle of Oregon. "I asked Psyche to make you somewhere safe. No monster can get to you here, I promise." They spent one more night together, and in the morning. Hera was gone. ~~July~~ ~~9 months later~~ Percy was sitting at his dining room table, watching the news, when his doorbell rang. Confused, he set down his mug of coffee and made his way around the island and towards the door. By this time, every step he took was muscle memory. Psyche had outdone herself, making the 70,000 square foot 20 bedroom house, but Percy was grateful. He opened the door and was greeted with… nothing. He frowned. That was odd. Something cooed at his feet and he looked down. A large basket made of woven gold sat on on his doormat, a green blanket with peacock feather stitching covering the top. There was a small, handwritten note attached to the handle with a silver ribbon. Percy bent down, curious. Raise Her Well ~Her name is June Percy carefully lifted the blanket, green eyes meeting peacock green ones. Her hair was a black as fertile soil, her skin just a touch above pale. Freckles dotted her tiny nose. June reached up at Percy, cooing softly. Percy broke into a smile and picked the baby up from the basket. Another note was tied around her fist. No. Not note. A medical bracelet. Percy read it, and his eyes widened. "I'll take care of her. I promise." He picked the basket up and closed the door behind them.