don't see how that's any of your business." I said in irritation. "I'm guessing Tyler had something to do with it." "No." I spat. "And thanks to you, he's probably never speaking to me again." "Yeah because that would be the worst thing to ever happen to you." He said darkly again crossing his arms over his chest and looking down at me in disapproval. "Like you'd know." "Actually I would." He said annoyed. "More than you think." There was a moment of silence. He sighed and let his hands fall. "You know you're very difficult." "No one said you had to deal with me." "Why do you hang out with that guy? He doesn't care about you." "Again that's none of your business." I said bitterly. "He's not good for you." He said frowning. "Why do you care?" He didn't answer. "Just leave me alone." I said annoyed and starting to walk down the hall. Will followed. "You know only keeps you around cuz his friends think you're hot right?" "So?" "And you can get stuff for them." "That's my problem to worry about, not yours." "So you admit it," he asked falling into step next to me. "Even you know he doesn't care about you." "What part of go away don't you understand?" "Nothing." "Clearly it's something because you're not-" "I understand you Cali," he said rolling his eyes. "I'm just choosing ignoring you." "Why?" I asked furiously. "Because you could do better than him." "What like you?" I asked sarcastically but I immediately regretted this outburst when I caught his expression. "Don't flatter yourself Parker." He said looking irritated. "You're far too much of a pain in my ass to date." "Then leave me alone." "Can't do that." He said cryptically. "Why?" I asked furiously. As usual when confronted with this question he didn't answer. He simply put his hands in his pockets and we continued to walk. He smiled at a few girls who called out to him as we progressed down the hall and high fived his teammates as they passed. This annoyed me. Despite my personal opinion of him, Will happened to be very popular. I guess placing first in nationals for track two years in a row got you some sort of recognition or something. It didn't hurt that he was attractive either. I'd never really noticed before but I guess he was sort of handsome. I could see why some girls might find him appealing. Still… he was so annoying that it was cancelled out. Any time he caught me doing anything that could be considered even remotely risky or dangerous, he put a stop to it. He was constantly bugging me to do my homework, study for tests and forced me to come to school whenever he could no matter how much I hated it. If I was honest with myself, he was the only reason I was passing this semester, but he was such a goody two shoes I couldn't appreciate it. Everything was so easy for him, like me he had ADHD and was Dyslexic, but you'd never know it. He still got good grades, got along with his mom and his step dad, and he never got into trouble. Trouble is all I'd ever been good for. He was perfect, a golden boy, and I hated him for it. "You know you've got to stop hanging out with that guy." Will said apparently unable to keep his mouth shut for longer than two seconds. "I haven't got to do anything." I said glaring at him. "This isn't just about you you know." He said. "What about Max?" I stopped and turned to glare at him. "Leave him out of this." I said furiously. "I won't." Will said sounding just as angry now. "He was so upset when he heard what happened to you, he lost his race." Max was on the track team with Will and with Will's help, he'd made the varsity squad as a freshman and subsequently, Max had made Will his hero. But Max didn't like Will just because of the help he gave him in track. He liked the fact that Will was trying to look out for me and it was this that made me hate Will so much. My own brother liked him more than me. "The things you do affect him." Will said continuing his lecture. "It's not just your life you're screwing with. When was the last time you even saw him outside of school?" I pretended not to hear him. "Doesn't it bother you that I talk to your brother more than you do?" This I couldn't ignore. "What do you want from me?" I asked bitterly turning to face him. "Why are you constantly butting into my life? What good could it possibly do you?" "I'm just looking out for you." "Why?" I snapped. "Is it so hard to believe that I care about what happens to you?" he asked. "Yes." He sighed again and this time didn't make eye contact and I noticed him absent mindedly playing with the bronze ring he always wore on his left ring finger. It had been a gift from his father, like my daggers it was weapon in disguise and had the ability to turn into a sword. "Look Cali, someone has to look out for you, even if you won't." he said then glanced back at me. "Go to hell." "Now we both know that doesn't exist." He said with a slight smile. "And I've no intention of going to Hades either. With you running off as often as you do I don't exactly have time for it." The bell rang, signaling that we had five minutes before school started. "Well." Will said giving me a significant look. "What are you going to do Cali? Walk to first period or make me drag you?" "I hope you get shin splints." I said darkly, but turned and started walking to Bio.