of the entrance hall. Okay, I thought. She's going to make us buy a new shirt for Nancy at the gift shop. But apparently that wasn't the plan. RICARDO POV Percy and I followed her deeper into the museum. When we finally caught up to her, we were back in the Greek and Roman section. Except for us, the gallery was empty. Mrs. Dodds stood with her arms crossed in front of a big marble frieze of the Greek gods. She was making this weird noise in her throat, like growling. Even without the noise, I would've been nervous. It's weird being alone with a teacher, especially Mrs. Dodds. Something about the way she looked at the frieze, as if she wanted to pulverize it... "You've been giving us problems, honeys," she said. I did the safe thing. I said, "Yes, ma'am." Percy decided not to and said, "WOW! Honeys? Plural now." And grinned at me. She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket. "Did you really think one of you would get away with it?" The look in her eyes was beyond mad. It was evil. She's a teacher, I thought nervously. It's not like she's going to hurt me. I said, "I'll-I'll try harder, ma'am." Thunder shook the building. "We are not fools, Percy and Philo Jackson," Mrs. Dodds said. Now I was extremely confused. I knew who Percy was but definitely not a Philo. I looked at Percy to see him just as confused as I was. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." She continued. I didn't know what she was talking about. All I could think of was that the teachers must've found the illegal stash of candy Percy and I had been selling out of my dorm room. Or maybe they'd realized Percy got my abridged version essay on Tom Sawyer without him ever reading the book and now they were going to take away both our grades. Or worse, they were going to make Percy read the book and sit me down while he reads, spending that time in detention. "Well?" she demanded. "Ma'am, I don't..." "Your time is up," she hissed. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. She wasn't human. She was a shriveled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me to ribbons. Then things got even stranger. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me. With a yelp, I dodged and felt talons slash the air next to my ear. Percy snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, but when it hit his hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodds spun toward me with a murderous look in her eyes. My knees were jelly. Percy's hands were shaking so bad he almost dropped the sword. She snarled, "Die, honey!" And she flew straight at me. Absolute terror ran through my body. I looked and ran to Percy, since he had a weapon. He seemed to understand as he jumped and I slid. He then did the only thing that came naturally: He swung the sword. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she were made of water. Hiss! Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulphur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching me and Percy. We were alone. There was a ballpoint pen in Percy's hand. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody was there but us. Our bodies still trembling. Our lunch must've been contaminated with magic mushrooms or something. Had we imagined the whole thing? I looked at Percy and could see he was thinking the same thing. We hesitantly went back outside. It had started to rain. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw me, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." I said, "Who?" "Our teacher. Duh!" I blinked then looked at Percy who was just as confused. We had no teacher named Mrs. Kerr. Percy asked Nancy what she was talking about. She just rolled her eyes and turned away. I asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But he paused first, and he wouldn't look at me, so I thought he was messing with me. "Not funny, man," Percy told him. "This is serious." Thunder boomed overhead. I saw Mr. Brunner sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if he'd never moved. Percy and I went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, Mr. Jackson." He handed Mr. Brunner his pen and hadn't even realized he was still holding it. "Sir," I said, "where's Mrs. Dodds?" He stared at me blankly. "Who?" "The other chaperone. Mrs. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher," Percy urged. He frowned and sat forward, looking mildly concerned. "Percy, Ricardo, there is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you guys are feeling all right?" We looked at each other and wondered if we were starting to go crazy.