groomed nicely, with only a few greys starting to show. His glasses hung on the bridge of his nose, as he looked at Percy. They were in the living room, only a few boxes lied around the house. Percy grew tired of moving every couple months, because of some fight he would get in. He promised himself he would stop causing his father trouble. "What would mom always tell me whenever I was upset?" Percy asked as his father put the laptop to his side. Poseidon chucked before looking into his son's eyes. "She would always say, 'I know nothing is going your way, but I promise you a future. One of happiness, and you will have the greatest life imaginable.' That was the first thing she said to you after you were born…" Poseidon peeled his eyes away from Percy, looking back at his laptop before continuing, "She called it, "The Promised Future." It means, no matter what happens, your life would be filled with joy." Percy looked away. He wanted to believe what his father had said, and his mother before that, but he couldn't. He had lost his mother, and his father grew distant as time went on. Bouncing from school to school, Percy began to shut himself out. "Oh," Percy's eyes fell, looking at the floor. Slowly, he got off the couch, and made his way out of the living room. Two Years Later... Percy kept true to his promised he made to himself. In the two years that had passed, Percy had not got expelled from any schools at all. Percy was now in 6th grade, just starting out in Middle School, and to be honest, Percy was nervous. He didn't like the fact that you roam the school for your next class. He would rather have one teacher that knew his struggles. He would rather have only one teacher feel pity rather than 6 teachers. Percy exhaled a sigh of relief that he didn't know he held. The final bell rung, signaling school was finally over. He swung his blue backpack over his shoulder, and raised from his chair, as he swept the shaggy black hair from his eyes. He made his way out of the door, remembering his father had some business meeting to attend to. So instead of heading to his bus, he went to the school's library, which Poseidon already called ahead to make sure they were fine with Percy. Percy headed down the hallway. With the occasional shoulder bump he got from students, he safely got to the library intact, and without any harm. Walking over to the nearest table, he swung his backpack onto the table, and fell into the seat before him. He pulled out his homework folder, before sighing inwardly. Homework. He cursed to himself. Opening the folder, he pulled out the first assignment he saw, and slowly but surely started to work on it, cursing his dyslexia. Percy lost track of time, and he decided to use the bathroom. Walking to the counter, he told the librarian, and left the library. Percy opened the door to come back into the library, but heard one of the librarians say his name. So like any child, he rushed in and hid in a spot so he could hear their conversation. "That isn't Percy Anderson, is it?" one of them said in a hushed whisper. "The one that lost his mother?" Percy's vision tunneled, realizing what they had just said. But he didn't move. "Yeah that is. Can you believe what happened to his mother?" the other one said, a bit quieter this time. "Percy and his father are lucky, normally he kills the whole family." Percy gasped, horrified. He couldn't-he wouldn't believe what they had just said. He quietly got up and made his way back over to his table. Putting all his supplies away, Percy made his way over to a computer. After quickly signing in, he pulled up a news site, and searched the name "Sally Anderson". Percy gasped once more, and put a hand to his mouth. His eyes darted across the page, sinking in all the information, and for once in his life, he could read it without a problem. 'Sally Anderson, age 29, was murdered in a beach side house in Miami Florida. Mrs. Anderson, married to one Poseidon Anderson. with a son Percy Anderson, age 6. Mrs. Anderson was a victim of the mass serial killer, "The Scorpio". Mrs. Anderson was strangled to death in her own home while her husband and son were at the beach, clueless of what had transpired to her. Authorities are confused, because The Scorpio's normally kills the entire family, but yet only Mrs. Anderson was harmed, leaving her family untouched…' Percy's eyes were too full of tears to continue reading. His eyes glanced over the rest of the article, and that was enough to make him burst into tears. Sally Anderson, was found lying in the living room, in a peaceful manner. On the wall behind her, was a Red Scorpio that had been painted on the wall. The librarian heard Percy's cries, so she ran out to see what had happened. She remained confused, until she saw what was on the computer's screen. She cursed herself inwardly, realizing Percy had overheard her conversation. Poseidon came soon after, only to see a hysteric Percy, in the arms of the librarian. He bolt over to his side to help calm him down. But Percy only pushed him away, screaming between sobs, "You lied!" Author's Note: There we have it, the first chapter of many! I would like to make something clear: His last name is different for a reason! It will be explained next chapter. If that is a deal breaker, and you want his name to be Jackson right now, than clam yo self. Everything will make sense. I really would LOVE you guys to REVIEW! It will motivate me even more. Until next chapter! ~SeaKArt