the gap with her weapon, determined to breach the divide. Leo grunts in pain and effort, but he is weeping, too; her resolve only builds. She can't let Jason get away from her, not this time . She's been a victim of the gods' games for too long now. Tears blur her vision; sweat streams into her eyes. Piper stops for a split second to catch her breath, but the next minute she cannot remember her name, or why she's here. All she knows is that she's so tired... She snaps out of it with a jolt. The other two still hit the wall from the other side, though their motions are slower. She is Piper McLean, she remembers, and next to her is Annabeth Chase and Leo Valdez; still struggling to get to her are Reyna and Jason Grace, and they will all live long happy lives doing whatever they hell they want. She is a fighter: that is who she is, and she'll be damned if she lets the gods rip away her world again. She rains down a storm of blows at the forcefield, but is blown backward and lands hard on her back. It takes her longer to get up, and her mind begins to slip again, but Piper forces herself to stand. The wall between them grows thicker by the minute, and, even as she watches, it ripples, becoming a purer shade of white. Piper discards her sword and pounds against the barricade with her fists. Her knuckles turn purple, and she is choking on her sobs, but she doesn't stop. Her body heaves; her breaths grow heavy. She is aware that she's screaming, but doesn't know what exactly comes from her mouth. She can feel the bones in her hands wither, then break. Blood splatters against her fingers. She keeps punching. Even through the shield grows increasingly translucent, Piper can just manage to see Reyna crumple to the floor on the other side: she hears Leo's legs give way as well, then Annabeth's. Piper fights to stay awake, even as her mind threatens to slip away. She throws punch after punch, ignoring the pain; on the other side, Jason is crying. For a scary second, she forgets everything . She forgets her name, her heritage, and she most certainly cannot identify the blonde guy striking the space keeping them apart with such intensity. Only the feeling inside her suggests that he means more than the world to her. Tears drip off her chin, and, as her shoulder slams into the partition, she thinks she hears a gush of air escape from the thing. The color drains out of the wall; and Piper remembers – "Jason!" She scrambles forward and tries to reach him, touch him, hug him, but she can't. She weeps, then, her body sliding to the floor because no , it's not supposed to be like this– And then, before she forgets, and regrets it all over again– "I love you," she cries out, " I love you! " She knows he can't hear, but he puts his hand on the imperceptible blockade, and smiles wanly at her like he gets it. She places her palm in front of his, and nearly smiles, too: then the wall solidifies again. Jason instantly vanishes from view, and all Piper can see around her are barrages the color of fresh snow as she curls into a ball and cries into her own chest. The last things she feels is the cold marble floors shifting underneath her as the world falls away into nothingness. / Piper sits under Thalia's tree, all alone. It is nearly nighttime, and the funerals are soon, but the rest of Camp Half-Blood rejoices at their victory in the arena; she hears the whoops and the thunderous claps, but knows that the remainder of the seven– Leo, Annabeth, and Clarisse– will not be celebrating tonight. The air is completely still as she lies on her back and gazes at the stars winking at her from beyond the boughs of the pine. For some reason, she feels a deep, dark sadness she can't fully understand, a sadness that makes her eyes water. "Piper," a voice calls. She sits up. Lacey waits at the foot of the hill with a small, tremulous smile on her face. "We're leaving for the beach now, to burn th–the shrouds," says the girl in a soft voice. "Are you coming?" Piper stands– and then it happens. A breeze comes to life before her, swirling around her, reminding her vaguely of soft laughter. The gust of wind circles her frame, nearly lifting her off her feet; her hair lifts up around her shoulders, and suddenly, everything smells of springtime. Despite all the deaths she's seen today, Piper's heart lifts, filling her with hope and happiness that she thought she'd lost forever. The waft envelops her in a warm hug; her stomach fills with butterflies: a surprising but welcome sensation. The wind dies gradually but still too suddenly for her taste, touching her like a gentle hand, caressing her cheek like a soft kiss. A smile forms on her face as she gazes at the horizon, at the setting sun. She hasn't smiled in a long time. "Yeah," she says, not entirely sure of who she is addressing. "Yeah, I'm coming." / a/n: if you made it, thanks for being here. I apologize for all the deaths: I was quite annoyed by how the blood of olympus ended, so I wrote my own version. I hope you enjoyed the story. and if you'd like to know why I did the things I did in this fic, or even if you just wanna rant percy jackson with me, contact me on my tumblr. please excuse my typos. I'm sure there are a lot, but I didn't want to put off publishing this thing for too long. drop a review on your way out, if you can. it means so much. vani