you son of a bitch. — He said, crossing his arms over his chest, slightly bending over and closing her eyes. He started counting. One. The thing drew closer to where the bag had fallen. Slowing down as it saw that its pursuers had stopped. Two. Closer still, but not quite. Now it was moving almost humanly slow. Three. It was a hundred yards from the trees, but barely a foot away from where the bag had fallen. — Got you, asshole! — Hydran cried out, opening his eyes and spreading his arms out. — Bloom, my garden! Artemis saw something at least unexpected happen. Below the mannequin, she saw several vines burst from the ground, quickly forming bushes around the thing and spreading in all directions, until the creature was in a field of thorny bushes that extended one hundred yards in all directions, trapping the being in its midst and coming to a sudden halt a few feet away from them. Then white roses started to sprout all over the vines, completely covering the thorns. The air was filled by their sweet, delicate scent. The white roses were all closed. The mannequin looked around, seeing that it was suddenly in the midst of a sea of flowers. It tilted its head to the side before shrugging and restarting to run in the direction of the forest, mere one hundred yards away from it. There was a loud crack and the mannequin looked down, surprised. The crack came from its own porcelain skin. Vines had wrapped around its ankles and its thorns had pierced the porcelain, going inside it. The mannequin tried to keep moving, but now its movement was impaired by the persistent thorn bushes and it had to stomp and kick to make way, its run slowed to the pace of a stroll. Theo looked over to Hydran, who had his left hand closed in a fist in front of his body, seemingly very satisfied with himself. He backed away a few feet from the rose patch, noticing that Lady Artemis, too, had backed away from it. He nodded to himself, approvingly. That lady was smart. Hydran smiled, seeing the mannequin trying to stomp its way out of the rose patch. He looked at the roses, seeing that they had somehow gained a slightly rose coloration and were now a light pink. As he watched, the roses took a light orange coloration. He lifted his closed left hand and tightened his fingers, as if crushing something between them and his palm. Several vines lifted up from the bed of roses and wrapped around the thing's arms, loud cracks echoing around as the thorns broke the porcelain, fixating the grip of the vines on the trapped being. It was struggling against them, but its movements were growing slow and sluggish, almost lazy. The roses were now a bright pink. They were all still closed. Hydran lifted his right hand and several vines followed his movements, their green brighter and livelier than before. He closed his hand, as if strangling something and with a loud snap the lifted vines wrapped themselves around the mannequin's neck, the porcelain again being broken by the thorns. Hydran grinned and crossed his arms over his chest, bringing them closer to him until they touched his chest. The vines around the being trapped started to pull it down. It struggled, but it was getting weaker and slower. Soon it was dragged down and disappeared beneath the now crimson but still closed roses. Hydran kept his arms close to his chest, his hands balled into fists. The now blood red roses bloomed all at the same time, filling the air with their sweet scent. Hydran smiled, opening his arms. — And down it goes. It's safe now, they've had their fill. — He said, turning to look at Theo. The bald man looked at Hydran, then at the roses, then back at the blue haired man. He didn't seem happy. — I know you far too well to believe you. Not a fucking chance in hell I come less than a flamethrower's breath away from those things. — He said, glaring at Hydran, who laughed. — Fair enough! I'll go, then. — Hydran said, walking over to the rose field. The flowers moved as if swept by a breeze, but there was no wind blowing there at the moment. He smiled as he approached and the roses parted way for him in a seemingly natural movement. Soon he was back with the body of the mannequin in his arms. He let it down in front of Theo. — So this is what happened to Eli Blackwood. — Theo said, bowing his head a little. — At least now he is at peace. — Hydran replied, also bowing his head. They stood in silence with their eyes closed for a few moments. — Will you burn the body now, Theo? — He asked after the moment of silence was gone, his face betraying no emotion. Theo nodded, his face not showing any emotion either. They looked at Artemis, to see if she would oppose. The goddess shrugged and Theo nodded. Theo picked the body of Eli Blackwood up and walked away. — I think it would be for the best if miss Heather doesn't find out what happened to her brother. I'm not sure she would take these facts well, ma'am… — Hydran started, turning to face Artemis. He was interrupted by her aiming an arrow right between his eyes at point blank range. — You have a lot of explaining to do, Demon Rose. — She said. The Demon Rose, Hydran of Thorns, was taken aback by that. He didn't realize that she knew of him. He sighed. That could be potentially problematic. A. N. : I apologize for the distinct lack of Percy on this chapter, but I promise that he will be along soon. I hope you enjoyed the chapter. Please do comment.