shade and would be for hours yet. The pass itself was almost glittering, swimming with pink and orange mist in the early dawn. The dew and beginnings of a fall chill aside, it would have been perfect, if Zoë hadn't been missing. Stretching, she rolled to her feet. She wasn't concerned. Zoë was more than capable of taking care of herself, and certainly had the right to go where she wished—especially during these rare hunting trips with no responsibilities to speak of. It wouldn't surprise her if her lieutenant had decided to hike higher up and greet the dawn. No, she wasn't concerned. Curious, however, that was another matter. Even after all this time, Zoë Nightshade still managed to surprise her. Briefly, she considered shapeshifting again. A hawk would do the job well, or... she was partial to her wolves, and the form would certainly help her track her wayward lover. She quickly dismissed the idea. No, that was all well and good for the kind of wild games they liked to play when they were alone, but at the end of the day they met as themselves. As equals. And it wasn't as if she needed Olympian tricks to track a single nymph threw dewy grass. That would just be cheating . Zoë wasn't hiding; her trail was bold and clear down the mountain, and Artemis followed it easily. She took the time to be equally amused and impressed with the path her lieutenant had chosen to take. It was efficient, for the most part, following the path of least resistance like any good forester; but every so often she would go out of her way to find a more interesting route. For almost three whole seconds, Artemis lost the trail completely; it seemed to stop in the middle of a sharp dropoff for no apparent reason, until she realized that instead of follow the trail fifty feet to where it turned back on itself Zoë had instead chosen to leap out, catch herself on a birch branch, and swing into a nearby pine to shimmy down it. It was utterly ridiculous, and yet entirely Zoë. Artemis couldn't help grinning as she copied the maneuver. Once she reached the ground, the trail turned toward a nearby stream, following its bank until Artemis came around a bend and spotted Zoë just downstream. She was sitting cross-legged on a log, near a place where some large boulder had impeded the stream until it spilled over the top, forming a small waterfall that generated just enough spray in the early-morning sunlight to send an Iris-message. "...but Diana says it's just a regular cold, and she'll be over it in a week," the shifting image of Cynthia was saying as Artemis approached. "Oh, by the way; Anna thinks she's improved the net arrow design. It looks promising; we may test it once she gets the materials to build a prototype. I'll let you know how it works." Zoë smiled and shifted to a more comfortable position. "As long as you are careful." "We always are, Zoë," Cynthia assured her. "I promise everyone will still be in one piece when you get back. Seven more weeks, right?" Stepping deliberately on a patch of dry leaves, Artemis pulled herself onto Zoë's log. The girl only jumped a little, and seemed embarrassed until Artemis reached out and touched her elbow gently. "Give or take a few days, yes," she answered. "We will send a message before we leave." "Hello, Lady Artemis," said Cynthia. It occurred to Artemis suddenly that it must be unfairly early for the poor girl; if the sun was barely rising in the Alps, it must be the middle of the night in the Appalachians. "Take your time, everything's quiet in the colonies. We do miss you, though. It's not the same when you two are away." Artemis smiled. "Give my love to the Hunters." "Of course." "Thank you for speaking with me," Zoë added. "I know it is early." Cynthia waved off her concern. "I can take third watch one a week to keep you informed. It's not a problem. How are the Alps?" Zoë leaned comfortably against Artemis' side. "Invigorating," she said, and Artemis toyed with her braid as she continued. "I adore the Hunters, but I will admit I have enjoyed not having to worry about running a camp. Two together travel with much more freedom than seventeen." Cynthia's smile was almost wistfully nostalgic. "I remember. I hunted with just Diana for almost a century before you, if you recall. I wouldn't go back to it, of course, but they're still some of my favorite memories." Artemis hummed. "Perhaps the two of you might take a few weeks next spring, if nothing urgent comes up." Cynthia beamed. "I'd like that, my lady." She couldn't quite hide a yawn at the end of the sentence, however. Zoë's lips twitched. "Get some sleep, Cynthia," she said. "Thank you, again." "Any time," the blonde replied. "Enjoy yourself, won't you? Gods know you deserve it." She waved her hand through the connection, and left Zoë and Artemis on their log. "Worried, dear heart?" Artemis murmured, tucking Zoë closer against her side. The girl thought about it for a moment, and a wide smile spread slowly across her face. She hopped off the log and into the rushing stream, paying no attention to the water soaking her trousers, and took Artemis' hands to pull her onto her feet as well. Whether she'd planned the kiss, or planned for it to be as hard as it was, Artemis had no idea; but she cupped a hand behind Zoë's neck anyway and pulled her as close as she could. "I am not," Zoë answered breathlessly when they finally broke apart. "Not today." [A/N: Thanks to Athyna for letting me know about the formatting error! It should be all fixed now. That's what I get for foolishly assuming that FFN could handle a simple copy-and-paste job, I guess!]