taking a different route?" I spouted, worrying. "Calm down Annie," Piper interrupted my rant, "Maybe it's just his day off or something. Maybe he got a ride to wherever he goes." "You're right, you're right," I mumbled, "I'm just overreacting." Piper chuckled beside me, "Wow Annabeth, I've never seen you like this before. You must really like this guy." "But I haven't even spoken to him," I grumbled. "What if he has a terrible personality?" "He noticed you. Therefore he can't have a terrible personality," Piper said. I groaned and leaned my forehead against the counter. "Maybe I should just give up right now before it gets worse," I said. "That's it. We're going somewhere," Piper said, pulling me upright and turning to Malcolm who was just walking in from the back with a box of new best sellers, "Hey Malcolm, can you hold the fort down for a little bit? Annabeth needs someone sugary to pick her up- I mean some thing sugary." "Sure," Malcolm said, putting the box down on the display table. "Thanks!" Piper shouted, tugging on my arm and dragging me out the door and down the street. She continued to pull me along until a few blocks later she paused, shoving me towards a bright blue door. Above it was the name of the shop in a delicate scrawl that took me a few seconds to decipher with my dyslexia: Blue Skies Bakery. "Hey is this-" I started. "Thalia's bakery? Yup," Piper finished. "So when you said 'someone sweet' by accident…" I implied. "Jason and Thalia's cousin? I've met him a few times," Piper said, "I think you two would really hit it off. Not only is he the one that bakes most of the things Jason gives me, but he's hot. Not my type, but he sorta reminds me of the guy you told me you were crushing on." A few steps through the door as the little bell attached to the door was still ringing, Jason came out from the back finishing a conversation with someone. "-later anyway," he said, still facing away from me and Piper. "What's going on later?" Piper asked innocently, causing Jason to jump in surprise and turn around. "Piper!" he sighed, a bit relieved, "I was just telling Thals that I had to meet you later." "Speaking of meeting," Piper said, lowering the volume of her voice a tad, a smile spreading across her face, "I wanted-" At that moment Thalia came out from the back, "Annabeth! Piper! Hey guys! I heard the doorbell but I didn't expect you two to show up. How are you?" "Hey Thals," I greeted her with a smile. "Hi Thalia," Piper said, "I just brought Annabeth over to meet your cousin." "You mean-" Thalia said, pointing towards the back with wide eyes as Piper nodded, but Thalia shook her head, "Not gonna happen. Annie's too smart for him." "But they'd make such a cute couple," Piper pouted, "and- wait, Jason why are you even here?" Well that was a bit of a delay , I thought. "Oh- uh, one of Valdez's inventions caused Jackson to sprain his knee, so I gave him a ride," Jason explained. "Aww- that's so sweet," Piper said, wrapping her arms around her boyfriend and pecking him on the cheek. "Okay, I'm not suggesting anything is going to happen, but can I at least meet this Jackson guy?" I asked, drawing attention to myself. "Fine," Thalia relented, "Kelp Head! Get your ass out here!" Nobody's POV Percy sorta limped his way out from the back, supporting himself using one crutch, and not wanting to bother with two of them. Annabeth nervously fingered the ring on her necklace in the opposite room. "I was in the middle of the… madeleines…" Percy said, his voice faltering when his eyes fell upon Annabeth. The breath Annabeth hadn't realized she'd been holding was slowly released as she set her own eyes on Percy, glancing quickly at the crutch and knee brace. It explained why he hadn't walked past the store this morning. Piper looked between the two, soaking up their reactions and the joy inside her bubbled up to the brim. "Annabeth," Percy breathed at the same time Annabeth softly said, "Percy." Oh my gods. How the hell did this get so long. Well, I guess it goes without saying that is the end of the story, so no continuations. Sorry. Out of curiosity I looked up Blue Skies Bakery- apparently it's a real place, BUT I did create the name myself first- because blue for Percy and skies for Thalia since she's the daughter of Zeus. AND omg I found the most perfect Percabeth song- Stand By You by Rachel Platten. Just listen to the words- they fit perfectly. ALSO- After a suggestion from my sister I've decided to take on a Beta Reader- this person will read my pieces before they are posted for grammatical mistakes and tweaks to the story. In order to get this position you must love PJO, especially Solangelo since I write a lot of that, as well as being able to deal with me personally. NECESSARY- you need a gmail so that I can share my writing with you, and if possible, a skype for communication, speaking of which, I live on the east coast of the US, so if time zones could sorta coincide slightly, but can go a little bit farther to include the west coast. UPDATE 6/28- I HAVE A BETA READER NOW, SORRY TO TROUBLE YOU. I have received a few responses as to this request, but I'm still placing it out as to get all the possible candidates, so don't worry if you've already messaged me, I have seen it and taken you into account. And I got a request from someone for superheroes- so if you're reading this, just wanted you to know that I've already been trying to write something for that, so I am on the case!