Annabeth's chest. 'How do you know it isn't mine? Maybe now is the right time. Maybe I'm—' 'Because you cannot be the one the prophecy refers to,' Chiron said simply. 'The wording of the first two lines makes it quite clear that you are not.' 'But—' Annabeth's argument died mid-sentence as she realised Chiron was right. Her bubble deflated instantly. ' A half-blood of the eldest gods —I know prophecies are often misleading, but it is clear that this line can only refer to a child of the original Olympians, mostly likely one of the three eldest, most powerful brothers. It was this prophecy, in fact, that drove them to swear their oath against any more mortal children.' 'But they did have … well, at least one of them …' Chiron looked at her sorrowfully. 'It is a solemn thing to swear upon the River Styx as they did. An oath like that cannot be broken without dire consequences … which sometimes, sad to say, may be borne by an innocent.' 'Thalia,' whispered Annabeth. 'Was she …?' 'She seemed to be the best fit,' Chiron said. 'Alas, we both know how it ended for her.' He looked out the window and Annabeth followed his gaze over to Half-Blood Hill, where the pine tree that had once been her friend stood tall in the moonlight. 'Does that mean there is another demigod out there, a kid of the Big Three?' She ran over the lines she'd heard again and realised there was another clue in it. 'It said his days. It has to be a boy, then.' More disappointing evidence that it wasn't a quest prophecy for her after all. 'Well, we don't know that for sure. Prophecies like these tend to use pronouns in a general sense. His or her days doesn't give quite the same ring, and an Oracle needs to be pithy. All I do know, though, is that if they are out there, it's only a matter of time before the monsters find them—if they haven't already. The gods would love to destroy the child; the prophecy made them uneasy. Olympus to preserve or raze … to have their fate in the hands of a mortal … no, the gods would prefer to rid themselves of the threat. Although,' he frowned, 'prophecies are not so easily thwarted. One way or another, they always reach fulfilment. Nevertheless, even if the child of the prophecy manages to evade the forces arrayed against him—or her—their life is likely to be anything but easy. And the lines you heard … well, it doesn't give good odds for their survival.' Annabeth swallowed hard. 'If it's a prophecy for someone else, why did the Oracle tell me ?' Chiron looked highly disturbed. 'I would guess that the Oracle revealed the prophecy to you because she foresees that you will have a part to play in it. While I doubt you are the central figure it refers to, I imagine you will be closely connected to them. But this is not a good thing, Annabeth. We are talking about a dark, dangerous prophecy here.' One of the lines ran through her head again: a final choice shall end his days , and she shivered, thinking again of Thalia. She'd chosen to stand against monsters to save her friends, and that had ended her days. Would this be something like that? Annabeth didn't want to be the reason for a friend's death ever again. 'I missed two of the lines, though,' she said. 'Do you know what they are?' She hoped they might offer some guidance, something she could do to help. Maybe those were the crucial bits, the parts that spelled out how she would be involved. Chiron studied her carefully. 'I do. But I do not think it would be wise to tell you now. You have heard what you were meant to. And the gods would not be happy for knowledge of the prophecy to spread. It is dangerous enough for you to know as much as you do.' He gave her a meaningful look. 'I won't tell,' she promised. 'And we will have to prepare you thoroughly for your first quest. There will be time—we have not located the child of the prophecy yet—' Annabeth brightened. 'I could go out and find him! That's my quest, isn't it?' 'No, you misunderstand me. We must train you to accompany the half-blood of the prophecy, when they are ready for their first quest.' 'Wait—you're not saying that I can't have a quest until this guy—or girl—shows up?' 'That is indeed what I am saying. I think that is the best interpretation of the Oracle's intentions in relating the prophecy to you.' Annabeth thought this seemed a pretty far-fetched assumption. 'That's not fair! I came to get a prophecy for my own quest, not someone else's. And we don't even know who this person is yet! It's not like there's kids of the Big Three everywhere. It could be years before they show up.' 'Years in which you will be trained to be the best warrior you can be,' Chiron said firmly. 'No arguments, Annabeth. You will undertake a quest with the half-blood of the prophecy and no earlier.' She glared at him mutinously and his expression grew gentler. 'You are brave, child, and you will be a great hero one day, one of the best this camp has to offer. But my job is to keep you safe and teach you the skills you will need to stay alive when your time comes.' Annabeth looked away. It was hard to rage against Chiron when he said things like that. She still felt mad that her destiny had to be tied to someone else, but maybe it would be okay. One day, hopefully soon, a hero would arrive at camp—someone brave and powerful like Thalia—and she would get her chance. Until then, she'd make sure she was the best Camp Half-Blood had to offer.