figure was yanked by his magnet contraption towards the metal chain, snapping onto it in a gut-wrenching lurch. As soon as the contraption latched onto the wire, the figure began skidding down towards the beach, sliding down the chain like an impromptu zipline. This time it was Annabeth and Jason diving out of the way to avoid being run over by the rapidly-moving projectile of a person. The figure hit the ground in a combat roll, on his feet almost instantaneously and shifting into a combat crouch that almost mirrored Percy's own. The figure glanced up at the three demigods in front of him, switching his gaze quickly from one to the other. It looked like he was taking them all in, not sure who he should strike first. Percy uncapped Riptide instinctively, allowing the celestial bronze blade to leap to its fully-formed state. Next to him, he noticed Annabeth and Jason drawing their weapons, too. Whoever this guy was, none of them were taking any chances. The boy's outfit didn't give them any reason to relax. Judging by his size and body shape, this was definitely a teenage boy, roughly the same size as Percy. He was wearing beaten sneakers and torn-up jeans, but otherwise he was dressed like he had just stepped out of a war zone. The boy's head was completely hidden within an ancient leather gas mask, the steel air filters a charcoal-like color from overlapping layers of rust. He wore a black hoodie that had clearly seen better days, with a frayed belt wrapped tightly around his waist. Fastened loosely to his side was a beaten leather holster, with the corroded handle of a handgun poking out of the top. Overall, the boy wouldn't have looked out of place in a zombie movie, or a dystopian television series. The boy and the three demigods had an awkward standoff for a few seconds. Percy half-expected a tumbleweed to blow by, and a western movie soundtrack to start playing in the distance. Finally the boy got to his feet, his hand still resting on his handgun. "I, um…" he started awkwardly, his voice muffled by the leather mask strapped to his face. "I come in peace. Don't stab me. I have this irrational fear of being skewered by angry demigods." Annabeth took a step forward, which was more than could be said about either Percy or Jason. Both of them just glanced at each other. Usually it was easy to tell whether they were supposed to fight someone or not. If this guy had made a melodramatic speech, referred to them by their first and last names, or called any of them a fool, he would have clearly been evil. Telling a bad joke? That was more in the gray area. "Who are you?" Annabeth asked sharply, switching her gaze between the boy in front of her and his warship. "And why, exactly, did you feel the need to bring an entire armada with you?" The boy turned to face her, glancing away from the mass of campers he had been staring at a moment earlier. Suddenly, he froze. The boy's arms went slack, and he did nothing but stare mutely at Annabeth, who was clearly uncomfortable with the attention. "What? Did you go mute on us?" Annabeth asked, shifting her stance uncomfortably. The boy stayed quiet for a few more seconds, before he whispered something behind his gas mask. To Percy, it sounded like the kid had either said, "Annabeth," or, "And a sloth". Judging by context, it was probably the first one. Without warning, the boy suddenly took a step forward, reaching his hand out towards Annabeth. Percy suddenly remembered that he had legs, and he quickly took a step between Annabeth and the stranger, holding Riptide level to his chest. "Take another step forward," Percy warned, allowing Riptide's tip to hover inches from the other boy's hoodie, "And we might go back on your 'white flag' policy." The boy stopped, his arm half-extended. Percy could hear Annabeth behind him quietly insisting that he put the sword down, but he didn't move his blade an inch. "Who are you?" Percy repeated firmly, keeping the sword only an inch or two away from the boy's chest. "And why are you here?" The boy stared at Percy for a moment, cocking his head slightly. Percy could swear that he heard repressed laughter from behind the gas mask. Finally the stranger shrugged, reaching up to grab the straps of his gas mask. After a minute or two of playing with the straps and buckles, the boy managed to rip the gas mask off of his face, taking a gasp of fresh air. Percy felt his lungs freeze inside his rib cage. Behind him, he heard Annabeth gasp, and Jason muttered something very rude in Latin under his breath. The boy's uncut black hair fell almost over his eyes, like he hadn't had a decent haircut in months. His face was smeared with dirt, barely concealing some bad scrapes and cuts along the side of his face. The boy still managed a slight smile, but it wasn't a happy one. It was more of a, look at that, we're all going to die, yay , half-crazed grin. Black war paint was streaked underneath his sea-green eyes, already beginning to chip from long-term wear. The boy grinned at the three of them, evidently amused by their reactions. "The name's Percy Jackson, son of Poseidon," the boy said, strapping his gas mask to his side and pulling a beaten and rusty pen out of his pocket. Spinning the corroded Riptide between his fingers, the boy's expression turned serious. "And I'm here to make sure every single one of you doesn't die a fiery death. Now, please tell me one of you has something for me to eat." (Note: I do not own Percy Jackson or the Heroes of Olympus). I hope you enjoyed the first chapter, thanks to everyone reading this.