voice cut through and they noticed that the boy had found some kind of weird opening in the veil, it looked like a portal. "Are you sure it's safe?" Evelyn asked as the pounding of the hooves and the beating of the wings got closer and closer. "Who knows but do you really want to stick around with them?" Falcon pointed to the approaching monsters. Shaking her head no, Evelyn watched as Alfred and Sharron dove into the hole without second thoughts followed by Edwin. Just as she was about to follow she realized that one person was missing...and that said person was currently taunting the monsters. "Over here you ugly creatures! Hurry up so I can kick your butts into the next week!" "Rose!" Evelyn yelled, unsure whether the girl was nuts, fearless or a combination of both. "C'mon! Stop taunting them and follow us!" "Shut your yap!" Rose said as she rolled to the right just as the avian monster swooped down with her outstretched talons, making deep gauges in the hard asphalt. "I will never back away from a fight!" She did a back flip just as the male exploded from the mist, slamming his fists into the ground. "Woow, that was really close. Almost had me there pal!" "Just let her go." Falcon said as he grabbed Evelyn's arm. "If she wants to stay and fight, that's her decision to make!" "What are you saying?" Evelyn turned to look at him in horror. "We were on that bus together and you want to just abandon someone to save your own skin?" "That's not what I-" "Let me go!" Wrenching her arm out of his grip, the girl stormed forward and grabbed the back of Rose's jacket, much to the owner's surprise. "We're in this together or not at all!" "Wha-What the-?! Hey!" Rose yelled and started to struggle as Evelyn dragged her towards the hole with Falcon watching from the side. "How dare you?! Let me go! Are you listening to me Flower girl?!" "Get in there!" was the harsh reply and Evelyn tossed the rowdy girl into the hole. Giving Falcon a nod, she jumped into the hole as well and didn't look back. Somewhere... How long is this tunnel? It feels like I'm falling for eternity... Evelyn thought as the wind whistled past her ears very painfully. I don't feel so good... Suddenly she tumbled out of the hole and and continued free falling straight towards an island. Thinking that she would most likely die if she landed directly on land, she angled herself so that she was hopefully hurdling towards something less solid...like water perhaps. This is so gonna hurt! She thought, bracing herself for impact when the body of water rushed up to greet her. There was a huge splash and she felt herself sinking like a rock. Deciding to open her eyes a bit, she found herself coming face to face with a water creature with big eyes. It smiled a wide smile to reveal pointed teeth before guiding her to the surface with its scaly hands. "You!" Rose swam over once the girl surfaced and grabbed her by the front of her shirt, shaking vigorously. "I almost had them! Why didn't you let me fight?! You think I'm weak or something?!" Evelyn was so preoccupied with Rose yelling at her that she didn't see Falcon, Edwin, Alfred and Sharron staring at them with weary smiles. "You're all here. And in one piece I should say." The kids turned to see a girl standing on the shore with a smile on her face. Behind her were a couple of other kids who looked to be around their age, younger or older. The girl's calm stormy gray eyes depicted wisdom beyond her years as her blonde hair whipped gently in the breeze. She had an orange T-shirt that read: Camp Half-Blood. There was also a small image of a flying horse underneath the words. "Please follow me. I'm going to take you all to meet Chiron. We've been expecting your arrival for quite some time." "Chiron? Who's that?" Falcon whispered while Sharron shrugged her shoulders in response. Some of the watchers held out dry towels for the dripping kids when they emerged from the lake before returning to their duties. Where are we? It seemed to be some kind of camp... Evelyn thought as she was handed a towel to dry off any excessive water. The water-logged teens followed the girl through the camp, glancing left and right at all the exciting sounds and smells that bombarded their senses. There was an archery field, a sword fighting arena, a climbing wall with lava for training, an amphitheater, stables, an armory and cabins...lots and lots of cabins. "Here we are! The Big House!" The blonde said as she lead the group towards the large, sky-blue house in the back. "Wait right here. I'm gonna go and get our camp director." "What do you think?" Sharron whispered when the girl disappeared, water still dripping from her hair. "This place feels really...I don't know how to describe it. It kind of feels homey but at the same time it doesn't." "There also seems to be a lot of kids around our age living here." Alfred agreed. "Where do you think their parents are?" "What if they were orphans?" Falcon suggested. "Or abandoned...or ran away from home perhaps..." Edwin added as he put his sunglasses away. "This doesn't seem to be a babysitting place." Rose crossed her arms over her chest. "What is this feeling I'm getting? Like I shouldn't even be here in the first place..." Before Evelyn opened her mouth to answer her, the door swung open and the blonde girl reappeared, along with a boy with black hair and green eyes, and finally an elderly man with a somewhat bushy beard sitting in a wheelchair. The man looked at the kids individually before a smile stretched across his face. "Welcome demigods...to Camp Half-Blood."