to take any of his Iris calls. He wanted to know how he still felt about him. Percy didn't care if Nico didn't have a crush on him anymore, but he wanted to know if it was possible to rebuild their friendship. Nico never gave him a chance to reply to him all those years ago. Now maybe he would get the chance to talk to him. "How long are you going to be here?" Percy asked him as he maneuvered around the ghost until he could get to his bed. He put the sword down and started packing his things so he could keep his hands busy while they talked. " Well my spirit is tied to my sword, so as long as I'm dead I guess. I wasn't really thinking when I tied myself to it." " You weren't thinking at all if you went to Tartarus by yourself. What did you think would happen?" But he didn't say this out loud. Instead he finished packing his things and then made his bed. He ignored Nico's remark about his sloppy bed making skills. Percy strapped the sword onto his bag and then slung it over his shoulder; he almost walked right through Nico's ghost who was standing directly behind him. "Dude, personal space." Nico laughed and Percy's heart almost stopped. In all his years of knowing the Ghost King, he had never heard him laugh. He wasn't expecting it. Nico seemed to notice the look Percy was giving him, and his mirth quickly vanished. "Whatever. Hurry up and go find my soul or whatever. I'm already bored. The afterlife sucks." "Don't hurt yourself saying 'thank you'." Percy muttered under his breath. Hades was right, Nico had changed. He was more bitter and ungrateful than before. He flicked the light switch off and opened his door, almost running right into Jason who was standing on the other side. "Jay! What's up?" He looked over his shoulder at Nico's ghost who was still floating around behind him. He had no idea how to explain this to the blond boy. Jason didn't wasn't able to see Nico's ghost though, even when the Italian floated right through him. Percy did however; notice the slight shiver that overtook Jason when the ghost made contact with him. "Nothing much, everyone was just wondering if you were going to come eat at some point today." Jason stepped back and allowed Percy to walk out of his cabin and lock the door. "And by everyone, you mean Piper?" Percy turned and both the boys smiled at each other. " You two are so lame." Nico said as he continued to hover around them. Percy chose to ignore him. It was then that Jason noticed Percy's packed bag, and a certain stygian blade strapped to the back. "Is that Nico's sword?" Percy tried not to look too guilty as he shielded the sword from Jason's view. "Yeah, it is. I got it from Hades." When Jason continued to stare at him confused, Percy quickly explained to him the dream and the quest that the God of Death had given him. He didn't mention the fact that Nico was currently floating behind Jason, which would probably overwhelm the situation. "So basically," Jason said as he and Percy started walking in the direction of the big house. "You're saying that your first quest in like eight years is going to take you all the way to the most dangerous part of the world for Demi-Gods. And you're somehow going to survive even though you're horribly out of practice." "Hey, I've been training every day with the campers!" Percy said angrily. "Yeah, you train against Demi-God children. " Jason said. "It's been a long time since you've been out on your own." " Is he like- your boyfriend or something?" Nico sounded amused. Percy tried not to pay attention to him. "I know, but I can't really tell Hades to go fuck himself." "Well…" Jason trailed off, not able to make an argument for that. They walked past a couple of campers that were practicing their sword fighting. The two men were quiet, but Percy could tell Jason was upset. "You know, Percy." Percy looked at the son of Zeus out of the corner of his eye. "There's no guaranteed this quest will fix things between you and Nico. Even if you do manage to bring him back, he might not be the same person…" "Tell me about it." Percy looked at Nico's ghost, who was following them closely, he appeared deep in thought. Jason stopped them and placed a hand on Percy's shoulder, "I won't try to stop you. I know how you are when it comes to your loyalty with your friends. So don't worry about the camp, I'll keep everything together while you're gone. It will be one less thing for you to worry about." Percy let out a sigh of relief. He could always count on Jason. " He's a good friend." Percy met Nico's eyes, and he saw that the ghost was being sincere. " He accepted me for who I was, and even helped me to come to terms with my feelings. I missed his friendship the most when I left the camp." The green-eyed man couldn't agree more. Jason's hand gripped his shoulder and he shook Percy slightly. "And maybe if you're lucky, you'll finally be able to talk to Nico about your little cr—erk!" Percy slapped a hand over his mouth, his face turning red. "Stop being so loud!" Nico narrowed his eyes at the two of them, but he didn't say anything. There was no way he was going to make it through the next month alive. Welcome to the life of Percy Jackson. So there is the first chapter. I've been away from fanfiction so long, I have no idea if it's any good. I'm not sure when I'll be able to update, but I'm hoping it won't take long!