will be with us shortly, and Diana will be a greater help than I; my brother was always more of the healer. Focus on breathing for now, brave girl. Your heart is beating like a rabbit's." Head still swimming, Zoë sat back carefully on her heels and tried to fill her lungs again. Her throat constricted and she retched, but there was nothing in her stomach to bring up, so she just felt miserable. A hand on her shoulder, and her savior pressed a horn filled with water to her lips. Zoë ended up choking and turning aside—she couldn't breathe and drink at the same time—but even having cool water splash her was heaven. If only they weren't both about to die. "Do you have a name, brave one?" "Zoë," she rasped. She could feel her heartrate settling back into normal range, and while her lungs were still burning she was at least able to breathe again. "Daughter—" Only she wasn't. There was a sigh. "Yes. I know your father, brave one. So the rumors are true, then. Atlas did want you dead." Zoë shook. "Yes." Another sigh, and the refilled horn was pressed into her trembling hands. "Drink," the voice said, although now that her vision was clearing Zoë could see that it did, actually, belong to a person. A young woman, it seemed, with auburn hair cropped close like a man's and eyes that glimmered like liquid gold through moonstone. "I am sorry for your ordeal. Rest easy for now; your father's minions will not trouble you again." Zoë lowered the horn of water reluctantly, frowning. "What do you...?" The girl raised an eyebrow. "News to you? That surprises me. They did not die quietly." Zoë remembered the shrieks that she had assumed were cries of rage. "...I see," she said. "Then I am in thy debt. Lady Artemis." A slow smile spread across the goddess' face, and her serious eyes lit up with a spark of amusement. "I wondered if you would know me." Zoë bowed slightly. "Even in the garden of my sisters, the Twelve are known. Though I did not think to meet thee." And there was the sadness again. "Nor I, especially under these circumstances. You have my condolences, Zoë. You are not the first, nor shall you be the last, to be treated in such a way. I am only glad we reached you in time. Can you stand?" Zoë accepted the hand she was offered; the goddess paid no attention to the fact that she was covered in sweat, blood, and dust, helping her carefully onto her feet and brushing sweat-soaked hair out of her face with a care that bordered on tenderness. Without fear thundering through her veins, standing on her sliced and bleeding feet was almost unbearable, and she stumbled. Artemis caught her again, and winced when she saw the state of the girl's feet. She helped her limp to the stream, where she could sit down. "Rest," the goddess said sternly. "You may go where you wish in the morning. While the moon is high, you will rest and heal in my care." She turned her head slightly as if someone had called her name, and smiled. "My Hunters have finished off the last of your pursuers. They will join us in a moment." Zoë, biting her lip to keep from cringing as she tried to clean the cuts on her feet and knees, still smiled at that. "I am grateful for the chance to thank them," she said quietly. "I owe them my life." Artemis looked at her with immense interest. "I think they would very much like to meet you as well," she said. "Especially Callisto. I imagine she will like you very much; that you were able to survive long enough for us to reach you shows unspeakable courage and strength." Suddenly she smiled, and a bit of that mischievous spark returned to her eyes. "But as for owing them anything, I wouldn't worry about it overmuch. There was a dragon trailing you. Diana will be delighted ." Zoë opened her mouth to ask what that meant, but Artemis winked and nodded to the horn she was still holding. Zoë drank obediently. The moon glittered off the mountain stream as her pulse and breathing finally started to settle. Somewhere an owl announced its presence, and somewhere slightly further away the Hunters were running to their goddess in triumph, but for the moment it was still, and safe, and quiet. Zoë closed her eyes as distant footsteps grew closer, and came home. Candlemas, 1968; Ouachita National Forest, Arkansas Zoë spared her goddess an exasperated look, but set aside her knife and leaned into her. Artemis nuzzled her temple gently. "You," she repeated quietly, "work too hard." Zoë rolled her eyes and bumped her head lightly against her goddess'. "She asked," she said softly. "It is no burden to help her feel more competent. She needs it." Artemis hummed. Zoë could feel her fondness for Ari ringing through their empathy link, and she relaxed into her arms. Artemis' approval spiked. "Will you walk with me, dear one?" she murmured. "Mornings as lovely as this are rare. Come look out over the forest with me. The Hunters will survive." She traced slow, feather-light circles just above Zoë's hip, and the nymph's eyes drifted closed. For several long minutes she let herself bask in the sensation of late-winter sun and Artemis' touch drawing the sensation of the wild into sharper focus. The air was cleaner, the cold simultaneously crisper and less unpleasant. The scent of pine became almost heady. She could taste snow and holly and hard sap on her tongue. She turned and kissed Artemis' cheek. "Another time," she whispered, and sat forward to stop Ari from misaligning her feathers. There was only so long a young girl could be expected to fumble through trial and error without losing heart. Ari needed her. Zoë knew exactly where she belonged.