called for as little bias as possible, and that sometimes meant shielding the heart. Perthos watched Pallas' expression carefully. Her brow was knit, and her face contorted in concentration. "Begin!" Athena shouted, and the two began to spar. There was a whirl of spears as the two began a relentless attack. Perthos couldn't help but think of what he would've done if he was fighting. Wrong step. Too wide of a swing. I would've attacked. I would've feinted. Mis-timed swing. Poor rotation and momentum. Thunder rumbled in the sky. Athena blocked a strike with the shaft of her spear and kicked Pallas backward. The two of them were panting, tired from the movement. Athena had been worn down trying to defend against him, which gave Pallas the slight advantage. "You're trying really hard today," Athena told her childhood friend. "If I don't try, I won't get better," she argued. Athena relaxed her muscles and tried to enjoy the small break. But suddenly Pallas lunged forward with a strike. Athena's guard was down; she thought they would've let each other catch their breaths. Her eyes widened as the viper-like strike darted toward her. Perthos nodded to himself, impressed with the deceptive strike. But he knew Athena would counter, whether she was hit or not. She would minimize the damage and take the opportunity to make a strike at Pallas. It did not mean that Zeus knew she could counter it. Perthos saw Pallas lurch forward suddenly. Her spear clattered to the ground, and she stumbled to keep her footing. Athena, who moved too fast to stop, stabbed her friend through the chest. She noticed Pallas' misstep a moment too late. Pallas stared disbelievingly at the ground. Her wound was grave. Perthos rushed to her side and moved her toward the water. Athena's spear was still imbedded in Pallas' chest, and the goddess of wisdom stood unmoving, shocked by her own action. Perthos scooped up water and splashed it over Pallas' wound. It was to no avail. Perthos knew that his power was unique—only he could heal within water. While all children of Poseidon grew in strength while underwater, not many could control the waves and heal like Perthos. "Why…?"A tear fell from Pallas' eye. "Why this way?" Perthos was close to Pallas. When Athena wasn't around, and they weren't off on their respective jobs, they would spar each other. After all, she was Triton's daughter. It only made sense for him to want to help her and protect her. Athena unfroze and moved over to where Pallas lay. She knelt down and grasped her friend's hands. Perthos was stunned. For the first time ever, he saw Athena crying. She looked distraught; her eyes swirled with what seemed like a million emotions. She squeezed Pallas' hands. "No, this can't be happening. Please, Pallas. You're not dying. You're not dying." "I just wanted to beat you," Pallas croaked. "I wanted to do something for once. Not just a girl. Not just an unknown person." "I didn't…" Athena's eyes turned dark. She was calculating. A moment later, she turned to the sky and screamed, "Curse you, Father! How could you do this to me? I'm immortal! I won't die!" She was flickering with golden light. For a moment, Perthos thought she would reveal her divine form and incinerate everything in the area. He placed a hand on her shoulder and watched as the life slowly left Pallas. Perthos cursed himself. He knew he wasn't powerful enough. If he had just been born with more power, he could have saved his friend. From the very first day Perthos met Athena, he had been impressed with her power and stature. Even for a goddess who had barely been in the world for a day, she carried herself with immense pride and respect. She was a goddess Perthos could look up to. She was a good friend and one of the best goddesses he'd ever met. Even if he and Athena knew each other for longer than they did Pallas, Pallas was still a good friend of theirs. It broke his heart to see Athena in such sorrow. Perthos looked to the sky and made a prayer. He thought of his uncles, Hades and Zeus, and pleaded for safe passage for the girl into the Underworld. He thought of his brother, Triton, and prayed for him as well. It was a mistake—a sad mistake. Athena stood up and wiped her tears away. She closed her eyes and turned her palms toward the sky. Pallas' body began to glow gold. The wisdom goddess began muttering an incantation, and slowly, the golden glow grew. The light was so intense that Perthos had to avert his eyes, despite being a god. When the glow faded, he looked back and saw that in Pallas' place was a wooden image. "The palladium," Athena announced, lowering her hands to her sides. "In my error, I shall take your name and bring honour to it. Forgive me, my friend. From this point on, I shall be declared Pallas Athena!" There was another magical glow. This time, it came from Athena. Her body was showered in a golden hue, as if some magical process was occurring. Perthos had never seen anything like it. Living deep down in the ocean for most of his life, Perthos hardly had much of a chance to interact with the sky, not to mention the dazzling goddess. He felt enamoured by her beauty. The light died. Athena reached down and touched the wooden image. It disappeared into thin air, presumably in a safe spot where Athena could monitor it. The goddess turned to him and tried for a smile. Even as forced as it looked, he still felt the urge to hold her. Perthos stepped forward and embraced her. He wished he'd spent more time with her when he could. So, how is it? Next chapter is already up. Just to make sure you all know, but Perthos is Percy.