the nod to continue, "Sure enough, there was a girl in the alley with her sword drawn. She was tall and muscular like a basketball player, with stringy brown hair and jeans, combat boots and a denim jacket. She was hacking at a flock of black birds the size of ravens. Feathers stuck out of her clothes in several places. A cut was bleeding over her left eye. As I watched. one of the birds shot a feather like an arrow, and it lodged in her shoulder. She cursed and sliced at the bird, but it flew away." "Oh no," Hazel gasped in worry, "I hope she's alright, " she said. "Don't worry, she's completely fine now," Percy assured her. Unfortunately, I recognised the girl. It was Clarisse, my old enemy from demigod camp. Clarisse usually lived at Camp Half-Blood year-round. I had no idea what she was doing on the Upper East Side in the middle of a school day, but she was obviously in trouble. She wouldn't last much longer. Clarisse grumbled at the mention of herself being in trouble, but didn't argue against it because it was true. Percy just smirked knowingly as did Annabeth, Clarisse would rarely admit that she needed anyone's help. "I did the only the thing I could." "And what was that Kelp head?" Thalia sarcastically asked. "'Mrs White,' I said, 'can I go to the restroom? I feel like I'm going to puke.' You know how the magic word is please ? That's not true. The magic word is puke . It will get you out of class faster than anything else." All three sons of Hermes and Percy nod their head in agreement with the statement. "So true," Travis stated, Katie, Reyna and Annabeth gave the boys unamused looks. " 'Go!' Mrs White said. I ran out the door, stripping off my safety goggles, gloves and lab apron. I got out my weapon - a ballpoint pen called Riptide." Percy uncapped the pen, revealing the sword form of Riptide. "That sword has saved us so many times," Thalia commented, everyone of them agreed. "Nobody stopped me in the halls. I exited by the gym. I got to the alley just in time to see Clarisse smack a devil bird with the flat of her sword like she was hitting a home run. The bird squawked and spiralled away, slamming against the brick wall and sliding into a trashcan. That still left a dozen more swarming around her. 'Clarisse!' I yelled. She glared at me in disbelief. 'Percy? What are you doing-' " Annabeth snorted, "it's his school,". Clarisse just glared at her "She was cut short by a volley of feather arrows that zipped over her head and impaled themselves in the wall. 'This is my school.' I told her. 'Just my luck,' Clarisse grumbled, but she was too busy fighting to complain much." "Obviously, I wasn't going to complain if I was fighting monsters," Clarisse grudgingly spoke. Luke just continued like he wasn't interrupted, since he agreed with her. "I uncapped my pen, which grew into a metre-long bronze sword, and joined the battle, slashing at the birds and deflecting their feathers off my blade. Together, Clarisse and I sliced and hacked until all the birds were reduced to piles of feathers on the ground." We were both breathing hard. I had a few scratches, but nothing major. I pulled a feather arrow out of my arm. It hadn't gone in very deep. As long as it wasn't tipped with poison, I'd be okay. I took a bag of ambrosia out of my jacket, where I always kept it for emergencies, broke a piece in half and offered some to Clarisse." "Good old ambrosia," Chris dreamily muttered, "to bad we can't have have to much without combusting," Travis added. 'I don't need your help,' she muttered, but she took the ambrosia. We swallowed a few bites - not too much, since the food of the gods can turn you to ashes if you overindulge. I guess that's why you don't see many fat gods. Anyway, in a few seconds our cuts and bruises had disappeared. Clarisse sheathed her sword and brushed off her denim jacket. 'Well...see you.' " "Were you seriously just going to leave like that," Thalia looked at daughter of Ares, "sure I was, but Prissy had other ideas apparently," Clarisse replied. 'Hold up!' I said. 'You can't just run off.' 'Sure I can.' 'What's going on? What are you doing away from camp? Why were those birds after you?' "That's what we want to know," Hestia said, scaring several of them. Clarisse pushed me, or tried to. I was too accustomed to her tricks. I just sidestepped and let her stumble past me. 'Come on,' I said. 'You just about got killed at my school. That makes it my business.' 'It does not!' 'Let me help.' She took a shaky breath. I got the feeling she really wanted to punch me out, but at the same time there was a desperate look in her eyes, like she was in serious trouble. "why would you be in serious trouble?" Luke asked curiously, Clarisse just stared at him before answering him. "You'll see,". 'It's my brothers,' she said. 'They're playing a prank on me.' 'Oh,' I said, not really surprised. Clarisse had lots of siblings at Camp Half-Blood. All of them picked on each other. I guess that was to be expected since they were sons and daughters of the war god, Ares. 'Which brothers? Sherman? Mark?' 'No,' she said, sounding more afraid than I'd ever heard her. 'My immortal brothers. Phobos and Deimos' Hestia stopped Luke reading, telling them that they should separate the story between them. "So, who wants to read next?" Luke asked the group. "I will," Annabeth said. ~end of chapter ~ Hoped you liked part one I apologise for any mistakes that was made Please review and favourite Until next time ~~ShadowWolf out ~~