Hera made their way back to their thrones as a lovely young goddess with a sweet face approached the throne room. She stepped up to the council circle and kissed Mr D on the cheek, which was somewhat bizarre to watch. Most of the time, I didn't think about the fact that our grouchy camp director was in fact married. 'I am Ariadne,' Mr D's wife said—a little unnecessarily, given that he'd just summoned her by name in front of all of us. 'I'll be leading your tour today. Follow me.' We got up and followed her away from the twelve Olympians—plus Hades—who returned to their council meeting. I could hear Zeus starting to heckle Poseidon about something that was evidently on agenda item one. Away form the gods, our tour of Olympus improved greatly. Ariadne proved to be a good tour guide—probably not surprising, since she'd been a guide for Theseus in the ancient Labyrinth, albeit from afar. I listened in fascination when she told us a bit about that. There was no actual Labyrinth replicated on Mount Olympus, but Ariadne knew it so well, she was able to paint a decent word portrait. She had known the inventor, too: the genius Daedalus, whom I admired greatly. Ariadne showed us the different temples and altars that had migrated with Olympus, explaining the design concepts and history behind each one and relaying some of the more gory histories surrounding them as we went along. Slowly, I felt the sting of Hera's spiteful comments fade. She finished with Athena's Virgin Temple, which captivated me right away. It was held up by neat rows of pillars and close up, I could see that each one was in fact meticulously carved in the image of Athena. Every individual pillar featured a different pose, and the two guarding the entrance depicted her most important aspects. On the right, she was in full battle gear. On the left, she held a scroll and an owl perched on her shoulder. Athena: goddess of war and wisdom. The golden brazier inside the temple burned with everlasting fire. Ariadne stopped before it. 'It was in front of this very altar that the god of the sea was caught with Athena's own priestess,' she announced. Clarisse snickered. 'Going at it like bunnies?' Ariadne pretended not to hear this. 'In retribution, Athena stripped Medusa of her beauty, turning her hair to snakes, and sentenced her to the fate of monsters. She lived on ever after as a gorgon with a powerful petrifying gaze.' Connor whistled under his breath. 'Bit harsh. I'd have gone for shoving them in a lake, myself.' I rolled my eyes. Trust a boy not to understand what an insult it was to desecrate a virgin temple in that way. Some strict punishment was certainly merited, though Poseidon really ought to have taken some of the flack, too. 'Well, that's it for the tour,' Ariadne said. 'We've got a special treat for you now. Private concert—Hypnos has set it all up.' 'Hypnos, the god of sleep ?' I said sceptically. 'Yes, he's trying to branch out. Apollo's been giving him lessons on the lyre. He wanted to open for Euterpe's solo tour, but she insisted he test his act on an audience first. You'll do. Come now, concert hall's this way.' The concert hall was at the bottom of the hill. It turned out to be one of the more modern buidlings on Olympus, clean and metallic, with a spiky roof that clashed horribly with the rest of Olympus's ancient Greek design concept. Hypnos was setting up rows of different-sized lyres on an empty stage inside the main amphitheatre. 'Oh good, my audience,' he said. 'Have a seat.' He gestured towards the rows of plush velvet chairs facing the stage. 'Well, enjoy!' Ariadne said. 'Aren't you staying?' Hypnos said. 'Oh no, I have an appointment at Hebe's spa, and you wouldn't believe how hard it is to score one of those. She's always full! And oh my, look at the time. I must go, she doesn't hold the appointments if you're late, the minx!' With a smile and a wave, she dashed away. ' Spa appointment ?' Clarissed snorted. 'She'd get along with the Aphrodite kids, all right.' 'How'd Mr D manage to score her anyway?' Connor said. 'She's kinda hot.' 'I wouldn't say that too loud, dude,' Travis said. 'Pity,' Hypnos said, shaking his head after Ariadne. I wasn't sure if he meant her marriage or her departure now. 'Well, you guys are here, so let's get started.' 'Um,' Travis said, 'no offence, but is this going to put us to sl—' He was cut off by a large yawn as Hypnos strung his hand along one of the lyres, playing a soothing chord that resonated around the large room. The amphitheatre might look tacky, but its acoustics were definitely well done. 'I've been practising,' Hypnos said. 'Maybe you'll be my first audience to stay awake through the act. I hope so, anyway. If you do, Euterpe will have to let me open on her tour!' He strung another chord, and I felt an instant wave of sleepiness crash over me. The music might have been good. I didn't know; by the third chord, I was unconscious. OoOoOoOoO A/N: I've tried to incorporate all the little comments dropped about the winter solstice field trip along the way-trying to figure out why they were sleeping on a field trip wasn't easy (in my head field trips are day outings, rather than overnight) but I hope this was believable! The next chapter will be titled 'We Leave Storms Brewing Over New York'. I have a rough chapter outline posted here on my LJ (where all my fics are cross-posted). The chapters loosely follow the ones in the book, but will probably be cut in different places. The chapter titles I've planned here may change along the way. Let me know what you think! Reviews are very much appreciated!