a fire in the centre. I could make out the trussed-up forms of my friends hanging upside down from the ceiling. Although they were struggling violently against their bonds, none of them could make a sound through their gags. 'Now,' said their captor contemplatively, 'shall I start with you, satyr, or finish with dessert?' Luke twisted so hard I thought he was definitely going to break free, but he only ended up swinging wildly. The giant man laughed. 'There's no use wriggling, demigod. You're going to be my dinner once I decide how I'll cook you.' He turned then and I saw his bearded face, the scraggly bangs parted to reveal a single, malicious eye. It was the same homeless man we'd seen outside the warehouse-mansion—a Cyclops, who'd tricked us into his lair. A smile widened across his face. 'Now, Annabeth,' he said, only it was my dad's voice. 'Don't you worry. I love you. You can stay here with me. You can stay forever.' I'd forgotten until now exactly what he'd said to me—the honeyed words that had been everything I'd wanted from my dad at that age. I'd nearly stepped forward, drawn to the promise he offered me. But then my fingers had brushed the cobwebs in the corner of the doorway, bringing me to my senses. I charged instead, tripping as I sidestepped the Cyclops's outstretched hand and landing on my knees by his feet. I stabbed my knife into his foot. The Cyclops howled in pain. Unfortunately, the stab wasn't enough to make him disintegrate. Blood gushed from the wound as I yanked my knife out. 'Foolish demigod!' the Cyclops screamed. 'You cannot defeat a Cyclops with a mere jab. We are the strongest of monsters. Even the lowliest of us, the mistakes of nature, grow up wild on the streets and learn to be tough. And I am no mistake. I am the son of the great Polyphemus himself!' I didn't waste a second. I ran for the nearest hanging figure and sliced my knife through the bonds on Thalia's hands. She reacted instantly. With one hand, she used my knife to free the rest of her bonds in a single swipe; with the other, she swung herself, kicking at the Cyclops's hand when he tried to grab us. She tossed my knife back to me and activated her shield, Aegis. The Cyclops staggered back from the full-size image of Medusa on its front. 'Well, I'm the daughter of Zeus,' she snarled. 'Polyphemus can kiss my ass.' A bright flash illuminated the entire room, though that didn't make sense, since we were in the Cyclops's mansion and I knew Thalia couldn't have called on lightning indoors. I felt wind whipping around me as the dream shifted again. I was on top of a hill now and growing upwards, so tall that I thought I would tower into the clouds. My feet dug into the ground and my outstretched arms were literally branching out. I was Thalia, and I was turning into a pine, just as she had. A dark shadow crept up to me and knelt amongst the tree roots—my roots. I guessed it was a person, though he or she was wearing a cloak and hood so I couldn't see who it was. The figure pulled a vial of something acid-green and fed it into the soil. The sight of that radioactive substance made me feel like vomiting. The hooded person came closer, right up to my trunk, and placed a hand on the bark. 'Trust me,' he said in a low voice. And then he stabbed my trunk violently with a large syringe. All around me, the soil glowed. Then the poisonous colour faded as it was absorbed into the earth. The hooded figure pulled his syringe out and slunk off down the hill. There was a soft hiss and the pine needles on my bottom branches turned a sickly pale yellow, then started to curl. 'Annabeth …' I heard. It was Thalia's voice calling to me as though from far away. ' Dying …' she said, in a voice filled with pain. I woke with a start. Sunlight was streaming into my room through the gaps in my bedroom curtains. I felt dark inside, though. My dreams had left me with a deep sense of dread. The memory of the Cyclops … Percy and a Cyclops … and the ominous part about Thalia's tree. I felt absolutely certain that I had to get to camp as quickly as possible. And it was just as well Percy lived on my way there, because if he was really dealing with a Cyclops, he was probably going to need some help. OoOoOoOoO A/N : Yes, I'm back, as promised, with a sequel to Daughter of Wisdom ! This fic will follow Annabeth's journey through Percy Jackson and the Sea of Monsters , starting a little before and ending a little after the timeline of SoM , so there's a bit more expansion of the original canon events than in Daughter of Wisdom . This is a project I took on for NaNoWriMo 2016, and it was my first ever NaNo win (and yes, it nearly doubled the 50K target!) To my lovely readers and reviewers from DoW , I'm especially excited to be sharing this sequel with you after all the encouragement you've given me on my first-ever PJO multi-chaptered project. Some of you mentioned that you liked the scenes I added on to canon; this fic offers a lot more exploration of those moments, so I really hope you will like this story and how I've chosen to interpret Sea of Monsters ! The plan at the moment is for 27 chapters, but this might change as I edit and post. I'm aiming for weekly updates so fingers crossed that all goes according to plan! Anyway, thanks for checking out my fic. Do let me know what you thought—I love hearing from my readers!