She fell more in love with him every time they saw each other. Percy was so compassionate. He was always able to make her smile, even when she was so down she was sure that the dirt was happier than she was. It was easy to be around him. For someone who had been so afraid to date for so long he was a God send. Annabeth had learned to trust him, and to become part of his family. Percy didn't have much of a family though, so it wasn't a huge accomplishment. To Annabeth all she needed was someone that truly cared about her, and that he did. He went to her house right after football. Percy knew all the things people had been saying about her, and it was all his ex's doing. She wanted to get back at him and what better way that to go after an innocent girl that had never caused her any harm? Percy knocked on the door and a tired woman in her mid-forties answered. He knew this had to be Annabeth's mother. He asked for Annabeth, but she wasn't home. However, when offered he decided to stick around and wait for her. Soon Percy was completely emerged in the life of an eldest child. She entered her house and heard the normal screaming of the kids, her mother laughing, and a voice that sounded distinctly male. That was weird for them because her mother never had guys over. For a brief moment Annabeth wondered if her mother had a boyfriend, but she quickly decided against the idea. She wasn't ready for that. As Annabeth walked into the kitchen she saw Percy there with her youngest brother on his shoulders and her sister on his hip. It was quite a sight for sure, but she couldn't help but smile. He turned to her and his smile grew if possible. Sure her family was crazy, but Percy loved them already. They all seemed so in sync. It was like nothing he had ever seen before. Annabeth mouthed asking if he was ok, and Percy nodded. He set both of the kids down and made his way over toward her. As he came up to her he placed his hand on the small of her back and asked if they could talk. Annabeth nodded and started to lead him to her room. Her mother gave her a look, but she just shook her head. He wondered if that was some form of unspoken communication. Maybe it was a girl thing. She turned red as he looked at her room. It looked the same as it had when she was five. The pictures were different, but everything else was the same. Annabeth's room was small, maybe ten by ten if she was being generous, but it was hers and that was all that mattered. Annabeth sat down on the bed, and Percy came over to sit next to her. He looked at her before speaking. There was a lot to take in about her. She was almost always happy, but anyone that knew her well enough could see it in her eyes that the façade wasn't the truth. There was so much more going on behind her walls, no matter how hard she tried to hide it. He pulled her into a hug. Annabeth's head rested against his chest, and she heard his sharp intake of breath. Annabeth pulled back sharply giving him a look. Percy shook his head trying to tell her not ask, but it was no use. Annabeth pulled up on his shirt sharply bring it up high enough for her to see his abs. New bruises and cuts were obvious against his pale skin. She moved to get a better view, but he tried to brush her off. His attempt was futile however, because Annabeth quickly brought her leg around his waist so that Percy couldn't move her. She realized too late what an awkward position this put them in. Annabeth was straddling his waist with his shirt half way off. Being as smooth as she was, Annabeth leaned back a bit and almost fell off the bed. Percy reached out and grabbed onto her hips to steady her quickly. He looked at her for a moment before allowing her to pull his shirt fully off. Annabeth looked down over his chest and stomach as his hands went back to rest on her waist. She looked up at him and it seemed to click just how close they were. Annabeth was sure she grew redder than she already was if possible. He seemed to lean forward almost against his will. As Percy came closer so did she. It happened like a snow fall. It was innocent and sudden, but they knew that it would have serious repercussions the next day. Neither of them seemed to care though. It never got passed the innocent stage that night, but both of them knew that something important had just started. There was no way to tell if it was going to work, or if it even made sense. At that point in time though neither seemed to care. She knew that people were going to talk about them, and maybe there was never going to be anything close to a perfect relationship for them. Percy just knew that he loved the way Annabeth's grey eyes lit up every time she talked about her family. Annabeth knew that she loved the way Percy trusted her. It was never going to be just black and white for them, but they loved all the shades of gray in between. Ok so that's it. I know the ending was a little abrupt, but like I said I wrote it three years ago. All included I think it was pretty good. Did anyone notice that pattern through out the story? Let me know what you think (review) or DM if you have questions or comments! Thanks for reading! Emily