on the Ari Scale? Well, all right. Admittedly Diana's casual "Oops" was not the best possible response to the situation. It was still a situation they would never have been in if Dionysus had the self-control of a dog with basic obedience training. The Apollo Cabin, at first, had been on their side; at least Zoë assumed they had been trying to help when they ran over with swords and bows and started shouting. By that time unfortunately the rest of Camp had been woken, and when the Aphrodite children saw the Apollo clan descending on them they assumed they were under attack and responded accordingly. Then the Ares cabin had stepped in to save them , and in an attempt to rescue their newfound allies (she would claim) from certain doom, Diana had fired into the Cabin Five minefield and set that one on fire, too. And then things had become, as Phoebe called it, a shitstorm. Zoë spared a moment while running for her life to wish the Apollo cabin luck. The last anyone had heard of them, they were being systematically hunted down by the offspring of Athena. Nobody, as far as she could tell, had any idea how it had happened. "Ari!" she called, diving below the lip of a dry stream bed as an arrow whistled above her head. "If you have any explosives I do not know of..." A thundering BOOM shook the earth. "Not anymore!" Growling expletives under her breath that Artemis would most certainly not have approved of, Zoë wiggled flatter on her back and managed to pull off a blind shot over her head without sticking any body parts out of the trench. There was a scream of pain from somewhere around the Hunters' front line. Luckily it sounded male. "Zoë," said Cynthia as she slid into the makeshift trench. She was clutching her arm, and winced as she let go and found the shallow cut was bleeding. "I don't mean to alarm you, but Ari just said she's out of pipe bombs." "Yes, I heard. We may need to make a tactical retreat." Diana somersaulted into the ditch on Cynthia's far side. "Big House?" she panted. "On my signal." There was a sigh. "Do I want to know what's happening, Zoë?" "Hello, Lady Artemis," she said calmly, taking the sudden appearance of her goddess in stride. "No, I highly doubt it. There is a girl with us who would like to speak with thee, however. She shows promise. Did you enjoy the solstice?" "Yes," said Artemis. "It was lovely. Are you aware that the camp is in flames?" Midsummer, 1103; Black Forest, Germany " Come hunting with me." Mouth suddenly very dry, Zoë somehow managed to force her eyes back to the battered report propped against her knees. It had something to do with hellhounds. Probably. "There's a spring nearby," Artemis murmured next to her throat, fingers running delicately along the inside of Zoë's wrist. "And the fattest rabbits you could hope to see." Zoë made a noncommittal noise and jotted down a note about the hellhounds. "South, dear," said Artemis. Her lips brushed just under Zoë's ear. "Mmm?" "The hellhounds that quest group saw were traveling south , not north." She smirked slightly as Zoë corrected her notes. "Are you having difficulty focusing? A walk might clear your head." At that Zoë's couldn't hold back an exasperated smile. She turned back to her goddess to kiss her; it was perhaps not quite as brief as she had intended, but she was mortal and Artemis was... well, Artemis . "Perhaps it would," she allowed. Artemis' eyes flashed with victory, which turned into a faint growl when Zoë promptly turned back to her stack of monster-sighting reports. "When these are finished." Artemis nipped at her earlobe in revenge. "You," she muttered, "are far too responsible for your own good." Zoë fought back a smile as her goddess continued pressing tantalizingly light kisses along her neck. "You will thank me for it this winter." "The cheek. Telling an Olympian goddess what to think." Zoë very pointedly stretched one leg and settled back firmly against her pile of cushions. Dracanae, she thought, glancing over the scrap of parchment. She was very proud of herself for being able to hold that word coherently in her mind when Artemis' teeth were scraping against her skin. After several moments she realized that conversations required verbal responses at some point. "Even goddesses recognize seniority," she managed faintly. "Perhaps you should respect thy elders." There was a pause, and then Artemis burst out laughing, muffling the sound by burying her face in Zoë's shoulder. "Impertinent little nymph," she said, smiling as she kissed the corner of Zoë's mouth. "Very well, then. I shall behave myself." She was as good as her word; she shifted ever so slightly to the side, giving Zoë just enough space that their bodies no longer touched except for Artemis' fingers in her hair, and went respectfully still and quiet, reading Zoë's reports over her shoulder. Zoë had never been more distracted in her life. Artemis couldn't possibly be doing it on purpose. But that tiny space between them seemed almost to be humming; it was the full moon, Zoë thought, the midsummer energy of life and wildness thrumming throughout nature, carried on the wind that swirled mischievously around the camp. The utterly clear sky, clean wood smoke from the remnants of their dinner fire mingling with the scent of trees and moss and hidden wild spaces deep in the forest, the untamed joy barely contained in the goddess at her side... Almost gasping for breath, she set her reports aside and rolled to her feet. Artemis had taken her hand in an instant and pulled her out barefoot into the grass; and somehow she had absolutely done this on purpose but Zoë was all but glowing with reckless delight, and for once she had no responsibilities, and she couldn't bring herself to care.