forward with the gun in my hand. He looked at me, complete dread in his eyes. He pointed, his hand trembling. "R-rrrr…r-" He started. I moved my gaze to where he was pointing at. "A rabbit? Really?" I rolled my eyes as the cute fluffy animal hopped away. "All that time you took telling me I had to be careful was a waste. Here you are drawing attention yourself over a... rabbit?" "Those things are petrifying! Big bullies that steal from the defenseless!" He sniffled. "A-are you freaking crying?" I rubbed my temples. "Just get up man." "B-but-" "What happened to Mr. Courageous?" I interjected. "Since when was I courageous? I just wanted to keep things light." I raised an eyebrow at him. "I don't know…you seemed pretty brave back there when I was fighting those walkers off." "Really?" He asked, wiping his nose. "Yep." "Thanks man that means a lot." "Yeah, okay. So where do we go now?" "We're actually in front of the camp right now." I turned around to see a worn out sign. "Camp Half-blood?" I asked him. He shrugged. "It was an abandoned camp site. Chiron said it was some program for Greek Mythology geeks. Apparently the counselors would pretend the kids were these things called 'demigods', a half human, half god hybrid. Hence the name 'half-blood.'" "Who's Chiron?" I asked but was cut short when a man in crutches came. "Grover, where have you been?" The guy asked. He sounded familiar. He took a brief glance at me and turned back to Grover. "Who is this?! You know we can't have just anyone in this camp! What were you thinking? This guy could be potentially dangerous to us." "I'm so sorry Chiron!" Grover cried. "This guy was being attacked in the woods by lurkers and so I helped him. Though he was being defeated back there, I still think he'd be a good fighter with the right training." Chiron sighed and turned to me. I think our eyes went wide at the same time. "Percy?" "Mr. Brunner?" I stared at my old Latin teacher as if he were a foreigner. His once chestnut brown hair was in almost completely gray. I knew his hair had already been thin before but now he had seemed to have lost so much there was only a few tufts left on his head. He seemed a lot older too. His face was aged with deep lines and wrinkles. He wasn't even in a wheel chair anymore. The only thing that remained the same was his bushy eyebrows and long scruffy beard. "Quantum tempus!" He smiled. "Certe." He replied. "You uh, know each other?" Grover asked timidly. "He was my Latin teacher." I told him. "Yeah, I think that explains the words you two exchanged I didn't understand." He responded. "Percy, those are very deep wounds." Chiron stared at the swollen gashes on my shoulder exposed by my tattered shirt. "Don't tell me you were bitt-" "No, luckily Grover saved me before they could actually get to consuming me." I interrupted. I took a quick look and felt my stomach churn. The slash had stopped bleeding but it had dried as a black crust. The colour of the skin around the area had turned an ugly glaucous. "Whoa, didn't realise how bad it was." I told myself aloud. "You should go to the infirmary and get that treated." Mr. Brunner told me. "Grover please take Percy there." "Of course." Grover nodded. He started to walk and I reckoned he was leading me. He brought me to a large cabin and made me sit on a bunk. "With all these cabins how do you avoid attracting attention?" I asked him as he pulled out clean bandages and rubbing alcohol. "This place is completely concealed by this forest." He answered. "Plus the walkers are infatuated with the strawberry plantation out in the front. Their presence scares away a lot of people." "You mean we're pretty much in zombie territory?" I asked, stunned. "Yeah, so you better be careful." "Gee great, I'm in such a safe haven." I mumbled. He dipped a piece cotton into the disinfectant and dabbed it on my cut. "Ow!" I winced as a stinging pain flooded my arm. Grover looked at me sympathetically before dabbing some more. I bit my lip to prevent me from crying out but I chopped down so hard I tasted my own blood. "Okay that looks good enough." He told me, finally putting the demonic bottle down. He picked up the clean gauze and wrapped it around my injury. Though the most of the pain sustained, I felt a little better. "You're lucky you didn't need stitches." He said once he had finished pinning the cloth. "Especially since neither I nor anyone else here knows such medical treatment." He then rubbed his facial hair thoughtfully. "Or maybe she would know…" "Wait there's more people here?" I asked, confused. "Yeah, but I suggest you rest before to get to actually meeting anyone else." He handed me a blanket and strolled out. "Holler if you needed anything!" He shouted from his back. I watched him leave as I shook my head. "That guy." I murmured before my head hit the pillow and I was out. A/N: Hello new readers ;) Welcome to the story in progress, Infected! I hope that you enjoyed it so far, for this is only the beginning; I have so much more in store! Next chapter will have more of the other characters involved and the plot will escalate a bit more. This will most likely be a rather short story chapter wise but I'll try to make each chapter as lengthy as possible word wise (sorry that was pretty damn confusing…). Anyway please comment what you think and like/and or favourite if you'd like to read more! Translations: Quantum Tempus: Long time no see (maybe not exactly that phrase but its meaning is along those lines). Certe: Certainly (cognate).