in only a matter of moments, for no foreseeable reason, Tyler felt as if the world he'd come to know had been a huge lie. Percy was, in fact, not perfect. Something seriously wrong had happened to him in the last year, and while he agreed with Paul, sure that Percy was not going to be revealing the truth behind his disappearance, he wanted to help him. Tyler never imagined that he'd be helping Percy instead of the other way around. It was a gift he hadn't been prepared to take. They eventually reached the front office where Tyler helped Percy lay down on the bench while Paul called his wife. Tyler sat beside Percy, watching him, worried. He couldn't understand most of what Percy was saying, and originally he thought it was because Percy was sobbing and muttering, but realized that it was because Percy was speaking a different language . Tyler hadn't known that Percy was bilingual. Tyler spoke Spanish fluently, a bonus of growing up with a Latino for a mother, but he'd never heard anything that sounded remotely similar to what Percy was saying. * " Ανάθεμά σε, Γαία! Αφήστε μας ήσυχους!" The only thing Tyler understood from the strange sentence was the name Gaea , the Mother Earth. He was muttering about things they'd learned in class? Was the rest of it just gibberish? Tyler considered the possibility that Percy had hit his head really hard when he fell to the ground, and maybe that was why he made no sense. Maybe he was just echoing words he'd heard in class, shortly before he'd had his panic attack. Paul came over to him then, his face bleak and worn. He squatted on the ground next to Percy and pushed his hair back over his forehead, like a father would when comforting his small child. Tyler felt like he was intruding, but he didn't want to leave just yet, not until Mrs. Blofis showed up. He decided to broach his ponderings to Mr. Blofis, then. "He mentioned something about Gaea," he said, watching as Paul's eyes widened. He wondered about that, but forged ahead. "We're studying Greek Mythology in English right now. I think he's just repeating things he's already heard." Paul whispered, "Of course, " under his breath before smiling slightly at Tyler. "Thank you for all of your help. I assume you want to stay here with Percy until Sally comes?" Tyler nodded his head. Paul sighed like he had expected as much. "Alright. Well, if you're going to be staying with him, I'll return to my own class. If you could just tell his mother about the Gaea thing when she gets here, I'd appreciate it." He nodded again, though he found it an odd request to be making. Mr. Blofis stood and headed for the door that would lead him back out to the hallway. He sent one more helpless look at his stepson before walking out. Tyler waited for ten minutes until his best friend's mom hurried through the doors. The second she saw Percy lying on the bench, she got to her knees and stroked his cheeks comfortingly, wiping the trail of tears away. Percy quieted somewhat, likely recognizing his mother. Sally kissed him on his forehead before asking Tyler if he could help her get Percy into her car. Once Mrs. Blofis had Percy securely strapped in in the backseat, she turned to Tyler with a sad but appreciative smile on her face, not unlike the one her husband had given him only fifteen minutes prior. "Thank you so much, honey. Do you know what could have set him off?" He remembered the promise he made to Mr. Blofis, and nodded his head at her. "He said the name Gaea. We're learning about her and all the Greek stuff in class right now. I think he just started saying things he'd heard Dr. Boring say during the lesson." Sally looked through the back window, her face so impossibly sad. She covered her mouth with her hand and let out a little sob of her own. "Oh, my poor hero," she whispered, though Tyler heard her anyways. He filed that away for later. "Have a good day, Mrs. Blofis," he said, backing away. She waved at him before getting into the driver's seat and pulling out of the school parking lot and out onto the road. Tyler walked back into the school, determined to figure out what had happened to Percy, and help him through it in any way that he possibly could. That's what friends were for, after all. A/N (part two) Thank you for reading. Or skimming. Or whatever you might have done after clicking on my story. I really appreciate it! Just a heads up, Tyler is not a demigod, and all the campers will not be joining Goode suddenly in the middle of the school year. That's just weird, I think, for a dozen new kids to show up on the same day when they already know each other. Weird and unrealistic. However, because PoF is clearly labeled as Percabeth, Annabeth will be joining later on. Not too soon, because this is PERCY'S story, my version anyways, where he's dealing with his PTSD and struggling to hide his half-godhood from the people around him, all while having to repay a debt he owes an unknown third party. * Damn you, Gaea! Leave us alone! Quid pro quo, if you leave a review, I'm more likely to update. So, if you're into updates, drop me a helpful critique or suggestion and go on your merry way! (I'm not blackmailing you, by the way). -SheCan P.S. My signature is not only a morale booster, but also (partly) my actual name. If you're a weirdo and try to Google me, you won't find me. And, if you do, I won't admit to anything so you won't know either way. Just don't be creepy, and leave it alone! Au revoir!