at him. Maybe I was being short, but he was making assumptions I didn't like. "Because you only look like this around Malcolm, my mother, and I, the people that you really trust. You don't even smile like that around your father, and I've always taken pride in being one of those people." There was a look of fierce determination in his eyes, so I stayed quiet. I knew that look meant that he was going to win, no matter what. We sat in silence for a while longer, so I took the time to really study Percy's room. Other than the blue, I noticed that he had a lot of pictures. Some were of his mom, some were of Malcolm, but most, well most were of me. The more I looked around the more I noticed it. They ranged from us when we were really little to my senior pictures, and they were everywhere. I stood up and walked around the room looking at each of them, I could feel Percy's eyes following me, but he never said anything. "Percy, why are all of these pictures of me?" I asked turning to him. At first I thought that he wasn't going to answer, but then he looked up. "I wondered when you were gonna notice," he smiled sadly. "This wasn't exactly how I imagined this going, see as I forgot you at a bus stop, but I guess it's what I've got." "How you saw what going?" I asked stepping away from him. "What were you planning? Percy what's going on?" "Calm down," he said holding his hands out and stepping toward me. "I'm not trying to kill you or anything." I let out a breathy laugh. "Well that's good, cause Malcolm would kill you," I joked. "Malcolm's gonna kill me anyway." "Percy?" This was it. "Annabeth we both know where this is going. These pictures are all of you because you are the only person that I want to look at, the person that I miss most since leaving home." My breath caught. "Beth you are the most important person in my life, and I am so sorry about today, but do you remember what I told you when your mom left?" I nodded. "Say it." "You told me that I was always going to be your priority. That I could always count on you." He nodded taking my hands. "I meant that wise girl, and I know that I let you down, but I promise I will never do that again," he stopped and looked me in the eye. "Annabeth, these pictures are all here because you make me happy. They are here because I love you." My world stopped. "You love me?" I asked. "You mean like a sister?" I looked down not wanting to hear the answer. "No Annabeth, not like a sister," I looked up at him again, checking to make sure that he wasn't messing with me. I could see it in his eyes that he wasn't. He meant it. Percy Jackson was in love with me. "Percy, you mean," I didn't get to finish my question before he leaned down and kissed me. I swear fireworks went off in the back of my mind. The world froze, and I was happy that I had waited for this moment. He pulled back and looked at me, smiling. "Yeah I do mean." I did something that sounded like a very unattractive pig squeal and launched myself at him. Percy was obviously taken by surprise, but he held me close to him anyway. "Percy, I love you too," I sighed into his chest. "I never said anything because I thought that you saw me as a younger sister. I was going to say something the morning after my mom left, but you blew it off like it was nothing. So I figured it was." I was embarrassed, but it was better to get it out in the open. "I know I made a mistake then too. I wasn't ready to face your brother yet, but I am now." I hugged him tighter if possible. "Do you know why I chose NYU?" "Because they offered you a scholarship?" "Yeah, well so did a lot of other schools. I chose here because I knew that this is where you were going to be. I didn't want to be away from you, so I made sure that I wasn't going to be." I'm not an emotional person, but that had me tearing up. Percy had always been a romantic at heart, but he was really outdoing himself. "Percy, you shouldn't have given up those other offers for me," "I didn't give up anything, Annabeth. I get to be near you and I get to swim. Plus it's not like I suffered from it. The reason I missed you today was because I made the Olympic cut time, Beth." I couldn't breath. The Olympics were the only thing Percy had ever wanted, and I had ruined his day with my temper tantrum. He should be out partying, not trying to explain himself to me. "Percy, I'm so sorry I ruined your day. If I had known," I was cut off yet again by Percy shushing me. "You didn't ruin anything. If anything this day just got a lot better. Now not only did I make my cut, but I got the girl I've been after since 15." I felt him kiss the top of my head before pulling away. "Well that is if you'll be my girlfriend." "Of course I will you seaweed brain, but it's not me you need to worry about. You still have to tell Malcolm." AHHHHH! So that's it! I think that this one is my personal favorite, but that's just me. What did you guys think? I may write a second part where they talk to Malcolm, but I'm not sure yet. Let me know what you guys think that I should do! Emily