years they spent together. They had, literally, gone to Hell and back with each other. It was so romantic and I hoped that Cleo and I would have that kind of life. Dad sniffed a few times. "Uh, Cass, why do you smell like sweaty Canadians?" I swallowed hard, my eyes shifting. "Um...well...I have a perfectly good explanation for that," I said, stuttering every other word. "Cassandra, what happened today?" Mom asked, leaning up with her arms crossed. "Well, I kinda...sorta...fought a Laistrygonian that almost killed Mrs. Blofis," I said. "Don't worry, I took care of him. He's burning in Tartarus now." "Is Aunt Yvette okay?" Dad asked. "Yeah, I called her an ambulance. It arrived before I left. Nobody else got hurt, just her desk." Mom sighed and leaned back. "A quiet life is too much to ask for a demigod, I suppose. At any rate, you should probably take a shower to get all that Laistrygonian residue out of your hair and clothes." "Yeah, shower, sounds like a plan," I agreed as I stood and walked around the sofa toward my room. "I'll order a pizza," Mom said. After all her work on the spare room, she was obviously not up for cooking. And we didn't trust Dad anywhere near the kitchen. Otherwise, everything we ate would be blue. "Okay. Remember, extra cheese on my part," I said with a light laugh. I walked away, heading down the hall and toward my room to gather a change of clothes. I didn't plan on going anywhere else that night, so I settled for a pair of basketball shorts and an old shirt, a purple Camp Jupiter shirt given to me by Uncle Jason for whatever reason I couldn't remember. I took a quick shower, making sure to get all of the Monster dust and sweat out of my hair in particular. It was easy enough. I kept my black hair cropped pretty short, a sort of bob at my chin. It was easy to manage and, honestly, I thought I looked really cute with it. I dressed myself after my shower and joined my parents in the dining room. The pizza had already arrived, surprisingly, and dad was holding the phone, a landline of course. "That was Dad, not Poseidon, Paul," he said in a neutral tone. I always hated dad's neutral tone. It meant he was thinking of how to word something concerning me. "Is Mrs. Blofis okay?" I asked, hopefully diverting the conversation away from whatever was on his mind. "Yeah, she's fine, she told him she'd be well enough for you to take your makeup test tomorrow since your final grades were so low. When were you planning on telling us?" he asked, an eyebrow raised and green eyes locked to mine. I rubbed my arm and looked away. "Tomorrow morning when I walked to school?" "Cassie, it's nothing to be ashamed of. My grades weren't the best when I was your age, either," he said. "That's because you blew up every single school you attended except for Goode," Mom added with a sly grin. "That's not true!" he added, raising a finger. "I didn't blow up Yancy. I got expelled." "Either way, I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I really meant to, I guess I just forgot," I said, taking my seat at the table and serving myself a slice. Extra cheese, just the way I liked it. "Well, we just want you to do your best," dad said as he picked off a bit of slightly-burned pepperoni. "You're smarter than you think you are." I suppressed a groan. They were always telling me I was especially intelligent, being Athena's granddaughter and all, but honestly, my godly parentage on both sides was heavily diluted. I hardly counted as a Half-Blood, just on the technicality that two quarters equaled a half. I could control water like my father, but I was nowhere near as powerful as him. I knew I was smart, but I didn't have the drive to study like my mother. I was very mediocre for a demigod. I could hold my own against monsters and others alright, but I didn't come anywhere close to being as spectacular as my parents. As dinner was finished, I decided that it would be a good idea to go to my room and make sure everything was packed and in order. My suitcase was sprawled open across my bed and I shoved the necessities inside; shorts, orange shirts, clean underwear, and of course, the picture mom, dad, and I took on top of the Statue of Liberty last year. And by on top, I mean literally on top. The three of us sat on Dad's personal Pegasus, Blackjack, about twenty feet above the tip of her crown while Uncle Jason flew up and held the camera. Aunt Thalia was more than happy to stay on the ground, of course. For a moment, I wondered how she was doing. I rarely saw her since she was a Lieutenant in Artemis' Huntresses. She was older than my parents by about five years, and yet due to her immortality and the fact she was dead for several years inside a tree, she still appeared fifteen like me. She was my favorite aunt, partially my inspiration for keeping my hair short. I made a note to send her an Iris message once I reached camp and could have some alone time in the Poseidon cabin with access to Drachmas. Once I'd made sure I was all packed, a long and loud yawn forced its way out. My eyelids were heavy. It had been a long day after all. I kicked my socks onto my computer desk, moved the large suitcase from my bed, and collapsed face first into my pillow, falling asleep rather quickly. I was sure this summer would be one to remember, but I had no idea the full extend of what this trip to Camp Half-Blood would bring.