time to tell Bianca about how he had installed the machine at the request of the lady Artemis, Annabeth would merely correct his exaggerations. Unlike the boys, she ate slowly and was having a rather quiet conversation with Thalia. "How's it here? One of the maiden's castrate you, yet?" Zoë glared at Leo. "What?" It was about all he could manage to say. Leo nudged his arm, "These girls aren't too fond of us men. That's why all the guys here work in the fields and get all the nasty work." He hadn't realized it before but it appeared to be true. The only ones picking berries in the field were men. "It's also why none of the men are allowed to carry weapons," Leo added. Zoë sighed, shaking her head, "Only the maidens of Artemis are allowed to bear arms." "That is rather un-American of you, Zoë," Leo chided, shoveling another spoonful or pork into his mouth. "There is no more America," Zoë retorted. "You're no fun." Apparently, from what he heard from Annabeth, the group had come to check on the machines. Percy and Leo seemed to be the ones that knew how they were run. "How many machines are there?" Bianca asked, her eyes wide. Leo nearly fell out of his seat trying to answer, "There's about half a dozen but they're huge. The whole school is used as a storage device for them. I made most of them myself! I also made the machine that dispenses the brine back into the ground. It separates the salt from the other pollutants so we can figure where to put them. We can bring you there if you want!" "Ehem," Annabeth interrupted, "We would if we could but at the moment Artemis believes that it is too dangerous to bring people in there. Even her maidens aren't allowed into the school. The pipes already connect to homes for domestic use. Each household gets a certain amount they can use. The maidens just figure out how to distribute it." Leo seemed rather dissapointed that he couldn't show them the machines but brightened up as Thalia brought out a pie. Nico looked down at his plate, where he had barely made a dent in the pork chop. Realizing this, Leo pointed at the plate. "Are you going to finish that?" "You can have it." Without any hesitation, Leo wolfed it down, managing to finish it before the pie touched the table. "Blueberry pie! My favorite," Percy exclaimed, shaking Annabeth to get his point across. Nico almost felt bad for thinking about it, but there seemed to be something wrong with the boy. Zoë frowned, "Of course it's blueberry. Blueberries are pretty much all we have here." Percy effectively ignored her and turned to Nico, "You're going to love it here. They have blueberries all year round because of Artemis's magic." "Magic," Nico repeated, completely confused. Annabeth smacked the back of Percy's head, "He's being stupid, ignore him." The rest of the group exchanged glances and all looked at Zoë who then nodded. He turned towards Bianca to see if she had noticed the interaction but she was too busy helping Thalia cut the pie to answer. Something wasn't right. The rest of dinner went well enough. The pie was sweet and rather refreshing considering that for the past year they practically only ate packaged food. The crust was flaky and warm. Leo had looked at his plate in hopes of finding leftovers but there wasn't a crumb left. Afterwards, they all retired back to the living room where the girls quickly buried themselves in blankets. It wasn't particullarly cold, but it was chilly. The rest of them found themselves on the rug. Nico stuck close to Bianca, leaning on the couch she laid on. "Do you guys live here?" Bianca inquired, stifling a yawn. Percy laughed, "Nope. I used to live in New York City." Grover, who hadn't spoke much the rest of the evening, shook his head, "It's part of Olympus now. It's not the biggest city state but it has a pretty big population." "Yeah," Percy nodded, his smiled faltering, "me and my mom got invited to go to Atlantis a while after the drought began. She lives there now. It's really nice there. We have a lot of water to spare. Not enough to give it away, but hey, we got some fruit trees and that type of thing." "Actually," Annabeth injected, "we all came from New York. Now we move around a lot. Percy and Leo are worth a pretty penny now with the need for people who know how to work the machines. I just help them design some things." Grover smiled, "I just make sure they know where they're going." Annabeth scoffed, "He's our agricultural expert." "That's a fancy way of putting it," Grover mused, now munching on what looked like grass and shredded paper. Did the guy ever eat real food? "Atlantis is really cool. You two should come some time. Maybe Thalia can get a break off of work and come too. We've got aquariums and huge plantations. It's really something." "Really?" It came out breathier than he intended. "Yeah," Percy scooted closer, his eyes sparkling, "There's a ton of boats too. We ship some of our fruit around. We don't have blueberries but we have other things. You should really see it." The idea of boats and aquariums didn't seem to make sense but it sounded amazing. Percy continued to talk about Atlantis while Leo occasionally injected some random fact. Bianca has fallen asleep and everyone else was in a state of dozing off too. Percy had tossed him a blanket and he laid down on the floor, his lids drooping as he tried to keep himself awake. In the first time since the drought, he felt safe. I already have the next chapter written. It just needs a lot of editing. But until then please tell me what you think. :)