sit up yet. Instead he very much wanted to bury his face back to the pillow. "Don't try to change the subject, Solace. What are you doing? "What does it look like I'm doing? I'm organizing your wardrobe. Seriously, you'd think that after a whole year of dating I would have managed to teach you some basic domestic skills, but apparently not." Will sneaked a peek at his boyfriend, and saw a frown forming on the boy's face. "I know you only have black clothes, so there's no reason for Apollo-style color arrangement, but it'd still be nice to have them at least organized , don't you think?" A groan and a rumble of sheets, as Nico drew the blanket over his head. When he talked, his voice was muffed. "It's way too early for this, Will. We've talked about this. You have no right to be up and running before noon. It's Sunday, come back to bed." "In a minute, love." Nico peered from the pillow and huffed, trying to look as demanding as he could while still partly asleep. "Now. I'm sleepy." But Will just continued to hum the stupid song, and so Nico continued to stare from the cocoon he had made for himself. The son of Hades felt a light tint of pink creep to his cheeks, as he watched the muscles shift under the skin of the older boy's bare back. He watched as the other carefully folded all his t-shirts back to the closet, along with the jeans and hoodies, all the while humming. Will's head was nodding slightly to the song, and a few golden locks of hair flopped on his forehead. Nico tried to count the freckles on Will's shoulders, but lost count before he even knew it. "I love you, Will." Nico hadn't exactly meant to say it, not like this. It had just escaped his lips before he could think. His face felt like it was burning off, but he could't look away when he saw Will turn around and smile at him. Nico didn't even know why it made him so nervous – Will had said it many times before, to the point it was only natural for Nico to say it back. It wasn't like the healer was going to leave him hanging. Ever since Will had said The Words in May, Nico had known he actually did return the feeling. How could he not? But saying them was just too big of a risk. Everyone he had said them to had died, and Nico really didn't want that to happen; not again, not to Will. He had almost slipped a couple of times; first the day right after Will had said it, then once after a very intense game of capture the flag during which Will had gotten injured and had been unconscious for two days. Nico was sure Will had known since the Fourth of July fireworks, when he had opened his mouth and been this close to saying it, only to be interrupted by Lou Ellen throwing enchanted water balloons at them and everyone else. But now it was done. All was out in the open, and despite being scared as hell, Nico felt like a pile of stones was lifted off his chest. Will closed the wardrobe and took the few steps that he needed to be by Nico's bed. He lowered himself beside the smaller boy, over the blankets, and placed a sweet chased kiss on the cool lips. "I love you too, Nico", he whispered while peppering his feather like kisses. "But of course you knew that already." He didn't say anything about the fact that it was the first time Nico had said the words, but his smile gave away how happy he was. Nico leaned into Will's touch and hummed in contentment. "It's still nice to hear, you know." "I know, Sunshine", Will breathed in between kisses, and his warm breath tingled on Nico's skin. "And it's nice to say, too, isn't it? I love you." "I love you, Will", Nico said again, and this time it didn't make him blush. Not that much, anyway. He pressed his forehead against Will's, and their breaths mixed together. Blue eyes locked to the dark ones, and both boys were smiling. "I really do." Will chuckled and pecked his lips. Nico thought that he could stay like this forever. "I know. But if you think that's going to change my mind about you helping me out in the infirmary today, then you don't know me as well as you thought." One more slow, languid kiss, and Will got up. Nico whined a little at the absense but sat up anyway. "Well, it was worth a try." It took all Nico's courage to peel himself out from under the blankets to get ready for the day. "I guess I just have to find another way around that one." "Good luck with that." Will threw him a t-shirt and some jeans before exiting to the bathroom. "Breakfast in fifteen, Sunshine." Once Nico was finally dressed and ready, and after a few (dozen) more kisses, Will opened the door and stepped out into the morning sun, knowing Nico would follow. And if it was the first time Nico reached out and laced their fingers together while walking towards the dining pavilion, not caring about the people smiling at them and pointing at their linked hands… well, maybe Will just smiled all the brighter. A/N2: I am well aware that this was so sugary sweet it makes your teeth hurt, and that Nico and Will won't be like that 24/7. I just chose these scenes, because I believe that in the Hades cabin, away from their friends and the prying looks, they would be super affectionate to the point that they make even themselves sick. So please no hate about that. I'm sure there are plenty of snarky remarks and dorkiness and other idiocy happening in public.