The microwave beeps. The two jump slightly, drawing away from each other. "Popcorn," Nico finds himself saying instead of 'YES!' "Popcorn," Leo says as well. He turns and pulls the bag out of the microwave, opening it and tipping it into the bowl. The kernels pour forth, only for them to find that this batch, too, is burnt. "You know," Nico starts as the two of them stare at the scorched snack food, "we could probably get better popcorn if we went to a real movie theatre." Leo's eyes dart to him. "Yeah?" "Yeah." "Like... together?" "Yeah." "Yeah," Leo says, and then swallows. "I mean... yeah. That sounds... yeah." "Yeah," Nico says again, smirking. Leo's lips quirk up to match Nico's. "Maybe 'yeah' can be our 'always'—" Nico laughs, reaching out to shove Leo's chest gently. "Shut up." And then Nico's fingers curl, latching onto the fabric of Leo's bomber jacket right where he'd just shoved him. They lock eyes, and an unsaid 'make me' hangs in the air between them. Nico steps in a little closer, and— —And Clovis suddenly sits bolt upright, eyes open and alert. "Are you two dating now?" Clovis asks. Nico and Leo blink at him, Nico surprised at his awakening, Leo seemingly surprised by his very presence. Nico wonders if they've been introduced. Actually, he wonders if Leo was even aware of his existence. Nico coughs, successfully bringing Leo back down to earth. "Uh, yeah," Leo says, dazed. "I mean, yeah?" "Yeah," Nico confirms. In response, Leo flashes him a grin, and he smiles back. "Good," Clovis says. Then his head hits the table, fast asleep. "Uh... Does that guy do that a lot?" Leo asks. "And, also, who is he?" "Oh, that's just Clovis," says Nico. "He's kinda useless, but he comes in handy when you need a virgin sacrifice, so we keep him around." Leo laughs at that, and it's still not cute. Not even a little bit. It's so not cute that Nico just has to lean over and give him a quick peck on the lips — he stops laughing quickly after that. Instead, Leo visibly buzzes while they get started on a third batch of popcorn. That isn't cute, either. It really, really isn't. (It is.) . They return with an edible bowl of popcorn (their fourth attempt) just in time for the opening previews of Warm Bodies . Nico pretends not to notice the — how many, ten? Ten expectant pairs of eyes following them back to their seat. They fit into the armchair much more comfortably this time, the bowl balanced half on Nico's lap, half on Leo's. The others keep glancing at them as the movie rolls, but Nico has more important things to worry about. Like Leo's arm draped over his shoulder, now sure of its place. Or Leo's fingers, drumming a familiar pattern of morse code. Or Leo's eyes darting across the TV screen, over the room at large, over Nico himself, like he just has to notice everything and know everything and remember everything. Nico hopes he remembers everything about this moment, too. Leo points to a zombie that has just come into frame, and, leaning over to Nico, he whispers, "Is that you?" Nico tosses a piece of popcorn at him. It lands in Leo's hair and stays there. "How about that one?" And then, well, the Death boys live happily ever after. The whole sunshine, flowers, songbirds and rainbows (especially rainbows) shtick, except Nico's involved, so it's more like moonlight, weeds, vultures and rainbows. Add Leo into that equation and, you know what, just imagine all of that, but on fire. They rule the others with an iron fist and sarcasm. Except Hazel; Hazel's cool. Maybe even Frank, too. Oh, and Jason. Possibly Grover and the Stolls, but Percy— Well, Percy has it hard enough after Clarisse and Piper announce the Percabeth Project, but that's a different story. So, they don't rule Percy, and the other three girls are too terrifying to terrify into submission. They would rule Clovis, but what are they gonna make him do? Dream about serving them? So, like, they try to intimidate an incoming freshman one time, but she isn't impressed and also they feel bad about it so they buy her ice cream. Her name is Calypso and she's pretty cool. She turns out to be in Leo's major and the two wind up fast friends; it's not long until Leo starts saying she should be the best woman at his and Nico's wedding. Nico thinks it's a little too early to be thinking about that, but he doesn't mind. Leo lives on the fast track of life, so it's Nico's job to make sure he slows down sometimes. Nico's pretty good at slowing down (also known as: procrastination). Besides, the best woman at their wedding is going to be Nico's cousin Reyna. He knows that much for sure. Or, hell, maybe they can have two best women. At least then he won't have to decide between his seven frat brothers for the best man role. (The difficulty mainly lies in choosing between Jason and Frank. But he's not going to tell Percy that; the guy would whine about it for years .) Sometimes Nico still worries that he isn't loved and Leo still worries that he loves too much, but between the two of them the problem tends to cancels itself out. It's not perfect, but it doesn't have to be. Nico thinks he could live like this. Leo could propose tomorrow, and Nico wouldn't complain. He might even think about saying yes. . A/N: In case anyone finds themselves wondering, the songs referenced in this fic are: Fuck This Shit I'm Out by the Theme Song, Sex Over the Phone by the Village People, Gay Thoughts by the Growlers, and When Boy Meets Boy by Matt Fishel. The next ship on my 'to write for' list is Jasico, so keep an eye out!