thrusts and thrusts and Nico meets his hips with every move, and by now he's not even sure who moans when anymore. Their voices merge together the same way their bodies do, and the slap of skin against skin fills the silent moments where their lips are sealed to muff each other's cries. "Will, Will – ah, shit! Oh god, Will, please , a little faster – " Will can feel Nico's whole body tremble, the same way he feels the burn in his stomach getting more and more intense with every second. He quickens the pace as the feeling swells, as it starts to feel like any second now he'll – "Will, please, I'm gonna – " Will is coming at the same time as Nico, but even if his eyes are shut he knows what Nico looks like; knows the way the dark eyes roll back and how his mouth opens in a silent cry, how his face gets all flushed and the way he throws his head back and exposes his neck. Will knows all that, can feel it when he buries his face to Nico's shoulder and chants his boyfriend's name like a mantra. He stills deep inside Nico, if even just a moment, before he rides out the waves of pleasure slowly, feeling how Nico's come stains their shirts between them. That fleeting moment is one of Will's favorites; the bliss from orgasm, the heat of Nico's skin against his, the intimate feeling of still being inside Nico before it gets uncomfortable. There's nothing that can compair, Will thinks, and if he could stop time to live in this moment forever (or even just for five more minutes) he would. Nico sighs when Will pulls out and reaches for the hem of Nico's (Will's) shirt to clean up. Nico is sensitive, Will knows that, so he's careful with his tender touches, placing soft kisses all over Nico's face to distract him. Nico hums in appreciation and runs a hand gently through Will's hair, and Will changes his mind; he wouldn't stop time, because every moment that follows is just as good, just as precious as the previous. Cupping Nico's face with both hands Will kisses him, softly and lovingly and slowly , and even if their breathing is still a little ragged there's a certain serenity in the room, the only sound coming from obnoxiously loud clock on the wall. "If you want, I can go again in a few", Nico mumbles to the kiss, and Will has to laugh a little. "Maybe the other way around this time." It sounds good, but Will has to pull back and shake his head. Not because he doesn't want to go again – because my god does he want to – but because it's been one hell of a week and he's fucking exhausted. It's a miracle he has the strength to stay up even now. "You've got to be more patient, Nico." Another soft kiss on the now pouting lips, swollen from the kisses and bites. "We have all day tomorrow, and right now we're going to sleep." In the end, Nico barely even protests about the early bedtime as Will leads him to the bedroom and helps him out of the dirty shirt. Nico slips under the covers in only his underwear while Will puts on a slightly cleaner t-shirt from the arm chair that's buried under half worn clothes. The second he joins his boyfriend, Nico makes Will turn around so he can spoon him, and Will smiles happily when he feels Nico's warm chest against his back and an arm around his waist. "How are you so fucking perfect, Will?" The voice is mumbled by Will's shirt, and he can feel against his neck how Nico's breathing evens out little by little as the man falls asleep. Before he can think of an answer, though, Nico says something else. "I'm gonna marry your idiot ass." They have tiptoed around the subject since they were seventeen and Nico declared in a moment of panic and desperation that he never wanted to live without Will. So in theory, it's nothing new; Will has known he wants to marry Nico for years, now, and even when it's never been said out loud, he's been fairly positive Nico has felt the same. It's been in the subtle smiles when their friends announce their engagements; in the hesitant yet eventually firm and purposeful hold of hands under the table in reception halls; in the way they don't exactly argue when being teased about it. This is, however, the first time either of them has said it out loud. And yes, Nico is half asleep and can barely be held responsible about his words, but that doesn't change the fact that he said it. He might not remember it in the morning, but that's okay; Will doesn't mind. He laces their fingers together and feels Nico tighten his hold around his waist, and he kind of wants to turn around to see Nico's face but doesn't. Being held by Nico like this is a rarity and a privilege. It's silent in the bedroom, and Will knows it's past ten when their downstairs neighbour turns off the TV. Will knows Nico is asleep by now, and he smiles fondly when he hears the quiet snuffle that Nico always makes. He treasures the warmth, memorizes the patterns of Nico's breath, and wonders if he'll ever get enough of this. Will can have this forever; is that going to be nearly enough? Will barely remembers to put out his alarm for the next morning. Nico is a freaking octopus when he sleeps, won't let him go for those few seconds he needs to get ahold of his phone, but with an exasperated sigh Will manages. His last conscious thought before falling to sleep is that Nico's toes are like ice against his calves and that he actually doesn't really mind at all.