raised in alarm. Luke whistled a soft tune. There was silence, and just as Ethan was about to ask what was it that he's doing, a beautiful red fox came out, its head tilted in curiosity. 'There's my good girl.' The fox must've recognised her visitor immediately, jumping about and nuzzling its jaw to Luke's long legs. There was a few squeaks and yips before three more adorable tiny foxes came tumbling out of the den. 'Merlin, she has babies!' Ethan squealed in delight, and the pleasant sound had Luke's heart stuttering. It was a sound of pure unadulterated joy, and the way Ethan's face reddened with merriment almost had Luke out of his composure. 'I've been visiting her every time I go to Hogsmeade.' He chuckled when one of the pups tried to catch a spark of light Ethan had been conjuring with his wand, its little paw swiping the air. 'The mother, who was pregnant back then, was trapped under a fallen pine tree. I saved her and we're basically siblings ever since.' Why must Ethan looked at him like he's the best person in the world? With that widened eye and lips parted in wonder, no less. Luke gulped at the sight. 'Maybe when I'm older, I'm gonna register as an Animagus. And being a fox would be on top of my list.' 'That's really nice.' He hummed in agreement. 'Look, it is hunting time. She's teaching her pups to search for food.' The sky was now painted in brilliant hues of orange, red and pink, signalling the arrival of dusk. Ethan made a disappointed sound at the back of his throat, waving goodbye as the last pup gave his finger a playful nip and hopped away to follow its mother. They stood up together, brushing the dirt off their clothes. Luke sat down on a nearby large stone and beckoned Ethan to do the same. The way Ethan's arms were swinging back and forth told Luke of the nervousness of what they'll be doing next, but the awkwardness gave him time to think, and just when he was about to suggest getting back, the boy beat him to it. 'Luke, I'm sorry.' Honestly, that apology didn't occur to him to be what Ethan would do first. 'I was being a jerk. I shouldn't have acted like that, but you keep spurring me on and I really thought that you're really into it.' Ethan took another deep breath, clasping his palms together. 'And then Percy happened, and really it was a good thing in a way, for you to know that I'm a sadistic egoistical prick who's just possessive and envious and by that you can decide what you would do, and what you really want us to be what –' It took a few seconds for the gears in Ethan's head to work that Luke had shut him up with a kiss. They broke apart, and Ethan questioned what kind of life he has led before because that kiss was everything that he ever wanted. 'Haven't I told you that I only have eyes for you?' 'You haven't.' 'Then shut up and let me kiss you.' He couldn't get enough. Ethan's lips was plush and soft and the way they moved awkwardly against Luke's allowed him to guide the younger boy properly for another. And another. He gently nipped at Ethan's lower lip, coaxing the boy to allow entrance, eliciting a soft moan tumbling into pants against his lips. His tongue still has a hint of the Butterbeer sweetness and there was the fullness of his lips. Just his lips. He released Ethan's lips, and rested his forehead against his. Their breaths intermingled into the other, and has he tell yet that Ethan smelt like sugary butter? And that intoxicating fruity sweetness that Luke tasted as he peppered his kisses along the boy's soft jaw and the way Ethan whimpered when Luke nibbled his ear just right and just – Let's just say that the boy was perfect. Well, he did growl a bit when Luke stroked his eyepatch, but other than that, the tiny needy sounds that Ethan made as Luke devoured his mouth was just exhilarating, as was the way his hands clutched the front of Luke's sweater like his life depended on it. Luke rested his hands on the boy's soft cheeks, pulling and grabbing the soft tresses of black glossy hair gently and just peppering his cheeks and eyelashes with feverish kisses and just. His. Skin. As if having a life of their own, Luke's hands travel lower, relishing the lean figure of Ethan, traveling lower and lower until his thumbs hooked on Ethan's jeans. And just when he was about to pull them down, there was Ethan's hand on his and Ethan's teeth on his lower lip. Biting a tad too hard. 'Ow!' 'You barely even take me to a date and now you're trying to get into my pants?' 'Oh, come on, babe.' Ethan grunted a small 'No,' with his face blushing hard, and attacked Luke with his lips again. Giving up, Luke kissed him back with the same passion, relishing the way Ethan just being Ethan with his beautiful hazel eye half-lidded and his groans and moans essentially satisfying the hunger that bubbled in the pit of Luke's stomach. The sun was almost disappearing behind the horizon and they were still catching up all those months of needing each other, drawing the picture of one another, exploring their bodies in intimacy and passion and mostly, building trust. Like always, Ethan fell asleep in his dorm that night craving for the warmth that was Luke's. And magically enough, Luke was already his. Author's Notes : Tell me what you think of this trash ❤️ Disclaimer : All rights reserved of the Percy Jackson and the Olympians and the Heroes of Olympus series belongs rightfully to Rick Riordan. The rest of the plot and any significant else are all specifically mine.