in pace. He couldn't hold it in much longer. 'I fucked up.' To the very least, Jason's face was amused. 'Nothing's new, there,' he says, tone neutral in indication for Percy to continue. Patting the surface of the small couch lightly, Jason beckoned Percy to sit down next to him. His azure eyes, beautifully accentuated by those gold-rimmed glasses, was half-lidded when he leaned in for a small kiss. Percy evaded it halfway, his fingers stopping Jason's lips from getting closer. It took a moment for Jason to realise that Percy was trembling, his sea-green eyes glassy and devastated. Fazed, Jason brushed Percy's choppy fringe aside gently, his eyebrows furrowed with concern. 'Jason, stop.' The tender gestures was the last straw, and Jason looked even more surprised to see that single tear rolling down. His voice shook terribly. 'I kissed Ethan.' With that, Percy burst into an avalanche of emotions, guilt and sorrow and self-hatred cascading down all at once. He rubbed his face with a hand, swearwords and apologies all jumbled into irregular sentences, breaths hitching every five seconds. It was a terrible sight for both of them. 'Jason, fuck, I'm so sorry.' He couldn't bear the notion of Jason and him as a separate item instead of Jason-and-Percy, but unfaithfulness pays for the worst. Percy was all but ready for the eventual rejection, his gaze focused hard to the edge of the coffee table, ignoring the pleasant warmth of Jason's presence. For him, it was no longer welcoming. When the silence was becoming more unbearable by the second, Jason asked, not unkindly, 'Are you done?' What was his problem? A chuckle spilled out of Jason when Percy gaped at him, his strong calloused hands settling themselves on Percy's shoulders as he leaned in for a proper kiss. By that time, Percy's mind was too numb for even a proper interaction, mouth moving awkwardly against Jason's swift tongue. He blanked off when Jason's thumbs came up to wipe at his wet cheeks, Jason's face looming above his with a calm expression. 'Tell me how you feel about the kiss.' So Jason wanted to fuck, in a figurative sense, with him now. 'Jason, aren't you –' 'Tell me how you feel.' Percy glared at him for taking this so calmly without much of a flinch. By now, he had figured out that Jason at the very least wouldn't even have the sense to talk to him. 'I feel bad for cheating on you.' 'No, Percy, how you feel when you were kissing him,' Jason insisted, raising one eyebrow in a curious look that freaked him out. This is it , he thought, he's using my words against me so he could leave . Might as well get this over with. He squared his shoulders up to his ears, shame lacing his trembling voice. 'It was… nice. Warm and good,' and he would like to kiss Ethan again some time, even if he was undeserving of both of them. 'Fuck, just get this over with.' 'Perce. Percy, look at me,' Jason commanded, his finger tilting Percy's chin to face him. 'So you like him?' What was Jason on about, with that tiny, unnerving smile and a look that suggested mischief and bordering to… hopeful? Percy couldn't even bring himself to have the decency to cry. He sighed in defeat, long and insufferable. 'Yes.' 'Good, because I like him too.' '…what?' Percy looked at him the way Jason looked at him when he did something insane. Jason gave an insufferable sigh and rolled his eyes, pulling Percy closer into his arms, closer into another sweet kiss. When Jason pulled away, the new idea sprouting from the top of his brain was so absurd that he laughed in the incredulity of it. But then, the grin plastered on Jason's handsome face suggested exactly the same. 'He's an amazing person you really cared for, and actually had the will to care for you even when you're being an idiot; I can't helped but be charmed.' Percy laughed in surprise at Jason's dreamy look. 'Badass seemed to be your type too, huh, Grace?' 'How can someone look that hot in an eyepatch, huh, Jackson?' 'Are you for real?' He giggled against Jason's insatiable lips, his heart swelling for the fact that he really was undeserving of Jason. That guy's just a fucking angel, and Percy knew he couldn't escape. 'Cupcake tomorrow?' 'Sure. If they still have no sense in selling blue ones, I'm suing.' xxx 'Fuck,' Ethan exclaimed loudly when two pair of lips assaulted his cheeks. A middle-aged woman glared at him from behind a basket of garlic breads, her beady eyes squinting suspiciously at them. Turning around, he raised an eyebrow at Jason and Percy, who were looking at him with the mirth of two little kids waiting for candy. Percy leaned closer. 'We're planning on taking you away and never to return.' 'If you're comfortable having more than one person keeping you.' Jason smiled timidly, and Percy could've sworn that the lightly flushed pink of Ethan's cheeks was not there without reason. Taking his chance, and treading into the uncharted waters that was Ethan Nakamura, Percy continued, 'And you still have to teach me origami, so I'm taking no for an answer.' 'And what do I get in return?' Ethan asked, one eyebrow raised, though his lips were straining to keep all emotions in. In what manner exactly, it was beyond Percy. He only knew that when he clasped Ethan's hand in his, Jason doing so on the other side, the true answer would be, 'Us.' Ethan was silent, though his smile said it all. Author's Note : I cringed at the ending to be honest. Tell me what you thought of this down below ❤ Disclaimer : All rights reserved of the Percy Jackson and the Olympians and the Heroes of Olympus series belongs rightfully to Rick Riordan. The rest of the plot and any significant else are all specifically mine.