him to see a tall figure with a bow in hand, stopping at the other side of the highway. He passed his first test. -X- Jason Jason hated the sun. Its rays baked his body like a pie in an oven, but Jason doubted he would taste as good as cherry pie after he had been cooked. Jason was shirtless by request of Lupa, saying that he should be able to survive with his body, and not rely on acquired materials. Nonetheless, Jason's back and shoulders hurt . Jason had left after Percy (Lupa said the oldest twin was to go first), but Lupa told him his challenges would be in a different order than his. So here Jason was, walking through a forest, headed in the same direction his brother had gone in. As he walked, he couldn't get his mind off of his sister Thalia. She had always been around for the twins when their mother had not, making Thalia not only a sister and best friend figure, but also a motherly figure. Jason missed her deeply like a child would miss a lost blanket; he just didn't feel secure without his black-haired sister. Granted, being with Percy always made him feel safe, but no one could replace his sister. His thoughts strayed to Percy. His fraternal twin was obnoxious, rebellious and sarcastic at only the age of four; Jason loved it. They were the perfect pair; Jason was polite and dutiful, while Percy was uncontrollable and keen to banter. They seemed like almost complete opposites, but Jason couldn't imagine being separated from his twin. Jason's eyes soaked in the autumn colors: yellow, orange, and all shades of brown. The woods were so majestic that they were nearly ethereal; Jason had already decided that he had been sucked into Narnia when he wasn't looking and found this crazy, good-looking forest. The growls and roars ruined the whole picture, however. The cries and screams were filled with lust and hunger, like the beasts that made them hadn't been fed in a millennium. Jason didn't want to break their streak of not devouring demigods, so he hurried his pace a little, eager to catch up to his black-haired brother. Jason had been travelling for a couple hours, drinking water from streams and munching on various snacks that Lupa had put in a small bag that hung at his belt. He was about to take another bite of his granola bar, when he heard the noise. A massive hound burst from the bushes next to him, causing him to scream and fall onto his back. The hound had beady red eyes that seemed to pulsate an aura of cruelty and malice, and sleek, black fur that rose and fell with each heavy breath the beast took. Jason backed up by pulling his body with his hands, and was surprised to see two weapons lying on the ground. The beast hadn't moved and inch, but its evil, red orbs followed every movement of his. On his left was a golden sword that had sparks jumping all over it, and on his right was a sleek, grey bow and a quiver of arrows; each arrowhead seemed to pulse with blue electricity, like it needed to discharge some of the energy. Only pick one , Lupa's soft yet stern voice vibrate through his head. Jason had no trouble making his choice. Jason was still nervous and, frankly, terrified. He shakily raised the sword, feeling the electricity course through his body, energizing him. It was like he had just drunk six cans of Coke; the electricity was his caffeine. Jason took an anxious step backwards as the hound padded forward. Then, in one idiosyncratic moment, all sounds in the forest ceased, making Jason feel like he was in some random room, alone with a hellhound. He recalled all of Lupa's training, shifting his feet into a proper athletic stance and postioning his upper body in a defensive stance, ready to parry an attack. Despite his copious amount of knowledge on swordsmanship, thanks to Lupa, he was almost becoming asphyxiated from the thick tension and anxiety that hung in the air like a chandelier would dangle over a dining room table. His breathing became erratic, turning into a slight form of hyperventilation. The hellhound lunged. Jason swung instinctively, the blade slashing across the hound's snout, knocking it off course. It careened as it tried to get up again, accidently slamming into a boulder. Jason took that as an opportunity to charge his hand full of electricity, and fling a destructive lightning bolt. It slammed into the hellhound's flank, sending it flying into the forest. Jason watched as it broke through one . . . two . . . three trees before stopping. The weak and thin trees fell, one landing on the hellhound's broken form, sending him straight to Tartarus. Jason looked at the blade before trying something. He didn't know why he thought to do what he did; he just acted on an impulse. He flipped the blade, and it morphed into a tiny gold coin. He lifted it up to read the Latin word on the side. Ivlivs . Julius. Strange name , Jason thought as he moved the coin around in his fingers. He slipped the coin into his pocket and turned around to see that the bow was no longer there. Jason frowned for a moment, before turning back to the direction he was heading originally. Jason continued on, determined to find his brother and Camp Jupiter before sunset. A/N: Soooo? How was it? I have a great plan for this story! My writing has really increased since my first couple of stories (which are now deleted), and it makes me feel great! I feel like I am capable of writing a good story, so tell me if you want me to continue this story, because I can definitely do it. Thanks for reading! I'll have the next chapter up soon, hopefully!