tired and confused to fully process what was happening. Too much had occurred in the past twenty four hours. "Personal...world? Who are you?" They gave me another kind smile. "I have many different names, depending on which planet you are from. On your world, however, I am known as Chaos." "The Creator of the Universe?" I asked, realization flooding into me. They nodded, and I decided to ask a certain pressing follow-up question. "Why bring me here? What do you want with me?" They sighed, the smile fading. "I only came to help you, Perseus. I know that you believe that your life has no purpose. I am here to help you regain that purpose." They used an arm to gesture and the area around us. "This is where I bring those who are worthy. Those who die before their time are up, those who are betrayed, or those who simply need help finding their way again." They gave me a look at that last one, and I knew they were referring to me. "This world is run by people like you. People get to live their fullest life, live a fullest life, or even get a chance at redemption." "I'm not interested in fighting," I said, shaking my head. "I'm done with that." They raised an eyebrow, "Are you sure about that?" They paused, looking at me knowingly. "Despite all that has happened, your fatal flaw is still loyalty. I know you, you physically can't stand by and watch others charge into battle and watch them fight without you." I looked away, realizing the truth behind their words. They sighed once more. "Nonetheless, it is your decision what to do. I will get Renée to guide you. Remember to keep an open mind." They said finally, before looking at someone behind me. There was a girl there, with dark skin a long dreadlocks. She had a smile playing on her lips. "I'm Renée," She greeted me with an accent that didn't sound like anyone I knew. "Layde Chaos informed me that you would be needing a guide. New?" She asked. "Y-yeah?" I replied, looking back and seeing Chaos had disappeared. Renée cracked a smile. She was only a bit shorter than me, and didn't look more than a year or two older. "Don't worry. I know it's a lot, especially since the...things that cause people to be admitted here aren't the best." She shivered, as if remembering something, "But it's a blessing." She said seriously, "Follow me - I'll prove it." She started walking, and I had no option but to follow her. I looked at her closer. She wore a black shirt, that had a unique symbol printed on the back in yellow. She was wearing simple jeans and sneakers, but I could see a dagger in a sheath around her hip. "What does 'Layde' mean?" I asked finally. "It's a word from where I come from - a mix of Lord and Lady. Chaos is the Creator of all. They have no gender. They are not really any one being, they just are ." She let out a sigh of impatience at her own vagueness. "I'm sorry if that's confusing. It takes a bit but...you'll understand eventually." I nodded, and we continued the climb. I found my eyes repeatedly drawn to the dark blue sun. "There's Ryona." Renée said, stopping and pointing to the giant castle which was now to our left and slightly farther away. To our right stood what resembled a mix of modern day and long ago. The houses were just more advanced than cottages, and there were roads made of hard red stone. She pointed to the homes and stores, "And that's Nyika. There are a bunch of villages like it across the planet. See, you have a choice - not a permanent one, don't worry. You can live out a normal life at Nyika or one of the dozens of other villages like it…" "Or?" I asked, looking at her. "Or you can join the Ryonian Army." She said, and with one hand she fidgeted with the silver pendant on her necklace. "They help thousands of species over hundreds of worlds. For some, it's a shot at redemption." She looked him over carefully, "You're a warrior, aren't you?" She asked softly. "And you're wondering if you could really avoid conflict." I was surprised at her words, and at the fact she could read me so well. "I don't really have a reason to fight anymore." I admitted, pain grabbing at my heart with those words. She paused, and her eyebrows crinkled in thought before she decisively said. "Then find something worth fighting for." "What?" I asked, surprised at her sudden words. She sighed, moving her hands closer to her dagger and tapping the handle unconsciously. "I'm Pyzorian, not that that name means anything to you yet. I'm from a planet thousands of lightyears away from any other sentient race. I died in a battle between my tribe and an opposing one. Spear through the chest." She stopped tapping the handle and instead let her hand fall to the side. "I let it happen, because I believed I had no purpose in life. I came here, and I met a girl named Vaili." She smiled softly to herself. "She was my new purpose." She then looked at me, more determinedly this time. "On Fûkìa, there is a purpose for everyone. No matter how much you don't think so." She put a hand on my shoulder. "You'll find your purpose. I promise you that." I took a deep breath, taking in her words. I then gave her a slow nod, indicating I understand. She smiled at me, before removing her hand and saying more professionally. "Would you like to join the Ryonian Army, or live in a village? This placement isn't permanent, unless you want it to be." I drew another breath. "I'll enlist in the Ryonian Army." I'll find something worth fighting for.