Hesperides! He'll be going in a week or so." Poseidon's brain almost exploded as he tried to comprehend what Apollo had told him. "Zeus wants Heracles to be the prophecy child, huh?" Poseidon guessed. "Bingo, Uncle P! Zeus wants him to be immortal so he can be the prophecy child whenever the prophecy comes into play. I, of course, being the god of prophecy, know when that is, but I don't want to ruin the surprise! But since Heracles is the only child of the Big Three alive, that means that he will definitely be the child of the prophecy!" Apollo said, all while smiling joyfully. Poseidon bit back a nervous chuckle that would have been obvious. So that's another reason Zeus wanted Perseus dead. Zeus thought that Percy would seek to be immortal so he could be the prophecy child, but Zeus wanted his own kid to be the one who destroyed or saved Olympus. Preferably the latter. Zeus didn't know, but his kid had a rival now. Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon. "Ah." Poseidon responded simply. Apollo's grin died. "Oh Hades! I'm sorry, Uncle P! I didn't mean to remind you of your boy that died last decade. I'm sorry." Poseidon had to resist the urge to tell Apollo that the kid was alive. But he needed to play the part. "It's no problem, Apollo. There's nothing I can do about it now." Poseidon said, trying to sound wistful. Apollo just nodded sadly. "It was unfair." "You're right. It was prejudicial for Zeus to kill my child just so his own could be the prophecy child." Poseidon said. Apollo frowned for a moment, but his features relaxed once again. "Well, I should get going. Expect a visit from Athena soon, maybe even today. Zeus ordered her to write a couple reports on Oceanus's army. Be ready, Poseidon, because I know how much you two love to argue." Apollo flashed out of the room, and Poseidon muttered the one thought on his mind. "Heracles, huh? Looks like I need to train Perseus a little harder. He needs to be ready." Poseidon mumbled to himself as he rose from his chair. But what he didn't notice was the eight-year-old girl sitting by the hearth in the room, absentmindedly poking at the fire with her finger. Hestia, goddess of the hearth, heard him mention Perseus, and he didn't even know that he just revealed his possibly most well kept secret by accident. BACK TO PRESENT TIME Poseidon was brought back from his thoughts as Amphitrite suggested going eat lunch. The boys agreed that they were hungry and everyone made his or her way to the dining table, in a room off of the main hall that leads to the throne room. Poseidon walked with his family until a merman called him over. Percy, Triton, and Amphitrite continued to the dining room while Poseidon followed the merman into the throne room. "Yes?" Poseidon asked. "Delphin wanted me to show you this." The merman said. He pulled a letter out and handed it to Poseidon. My Lord, Poseidon, I'm growing wary of Oceanus's forces. Scouts reported earlier today that the Kraken is now missing from its prison in the Indian Ocean. If Oceanus has the Kraken on his side, his army will be much more powerful. My prediction still stands; His army won't be ready until 2015. However, I worry. I will inform you of any more information that I acquire through reconnaissance. Your advisor and friend, Delphin Poseidon's face paled and his heart beat faster in his chest. The Kraken? Oceanus clearly wanted to win whatever he was planning, whether it was a small battle or a war. Poseidon was deeply troubled by this news. Poseidon dismissed the merman and sunk dejectedly into his throne, resting his chin on his fist. Before he could ponder the matter more, someone asked for permission to enter his domain. Poseidon sent a silent message that he allowed it, and the room flashed grey. Standing in front of Poseidon was a woman. She had long, dark hair and fair skin. Her eyes were an intimidating, yet attractive, color of grey. She wore a bronze chest plate over a white chiton that fell to her ankles. Her eyes held unimaginable wisdom and her face was calm and calculating, like she was analyzing his every movement. Her stormy-grey eyes flitted around the room before finally falling on Poseidon's sea green ones. Poseidon straightened in his chair and his neck began to tingle, like a warning. He knew something was about to happen. Poseidon just had this feeling. This wasn't going to go over smoothly. "Poseidon." The woman greeted stoically. "Athena. Are you here to discuss Oceanus?" Poseidon asked, already knowing the answer. Athena nodded. "Yes. Zeus wanted me to see about the—" "Hey, Dad! Mom wants to know why you're taking so . . . long." Percy's words trailed off as he stepped into the throne room. He froze as he saw Athena, who was gazing back at him with a genuinely shocked expression. Athena was dumbstruck. Here she was, looking at an almost identical copy of her Uncle Poseidon. The boy was tall, maybe 5'10" or 5'11", had sea-green eyes, and jet-black hair like his father. But that wasn't what shocked Athena so greatly. The boy called the Poseidon Dad . As in his father. But his only immortal son was Triton. So that meant that this boy was . . . a demigod. Poseidon felt like he was about to have a major panic attack. Athena. Was. In. The. Same. Room. As. Percy. And they saw each other. Athena slowly turned to Poseidon with an astonished expression. Before Poseidon knew what he was doing, he was diving at Athena. He grabbed her arm just as she flashed out of the room. Right before Athena completely flashed out of the room, he felt two hands grab his shin, before he was sucked out of the throne room.