bolted up and dashed to the Latin teacher "Sir," I said as soon as I was in front of him, "Mrs. Dodds took Percy into the museum." He immediately set aside his book and looked at me critically. "What are you talking about?" I quickly explained the situation to Mr. Brunner as Grover appeared next to me. "Leila—," he started slowly when I was done. I knew that tone all too well. That was the tone that the school's counselors use when they're about to insist that everything is all in my head—that this was all just some hallucination brought on by something I saw in the museum. Yet, somehow hearing Mr. Brunner use it on me, made me snap. "Call it a freaking twin thing," I stated, probably confirming whatever crazy things some of teachers said about me, "but I know Percy is in real trouble." "I'm sure everything is fine." But as he said this, Mr. Brunner gripped his pen a little tighter into his fist so I could tell he was lying. "You two go sit down, I'll see where Percy's gotten off too." Once Mr. Brunner had also disappeared, I rushed toward the entrance after him. "Leila—," Grover yelped, taking off after me. "What are you doing?" "Finding Percy," I said, pulling the building door open. "Mr. Brunner told us to wait here," he tried. "Well, there you go," I yanked the door out of his grip. "I never do what I'm told." I darted into the museum before Grover could try and stop me again. "We don't even know where he is," Grover insisted, following in behind me. "Let's just go back outside and—" "And what?" I asked. " Wait ?" I had never been a patient person, but the thought of actually sitting around waiting for this feeling to leave would literally make me go crazy. I rolled my eyes and continued through the museum. Grover gulped and trailed next to me quietly. His eyes moved quickly from one place to another, never zooming in on one certain object, like he expected Mrs. Dodds to jump out of the shadows, eyes ablaze at any given moment. "How—how do you even know we're going the right way?" he stuttered. "We are just going to end up lost in this place!" A loud BANG echoed through the abandoned hallway. "How about we start there?" I stated. When I finally rounded the last corner into the empty Greek and Roman galleries, I froze. My brain was just refusing to process what I was seeing. At the end of the hall, Percy was holding a bronze sword up against possibly the most terrorizing, most confusing thing I had ever seen in my life. The creature had glowing eyes, bat-shaped wings, fangs, talons, and was currently in the middle of attacking Percy. Okay, I thought. I'm officially nuts. "How do you run so fast?" Grover asked while gasping in deep breaths of air but froze when he saw the vision in front of us. "Die, honey!" The creature insisted to Percy as she lunged toward him again. Grover whimpered and grabbed my arm, about to pull me away. I shrugged off Grover, getting ready to throw the nearest Greek vase when all of a sudden—Percy swung the sword. The blade rushed straight through the creature without resistance, and disappeared. After a second of hesitation, I stepped away from the corner and ran into the room. "Percy, what on Earth was—" "Tell me I'm not crazy," he blurted before I could finish. I gave him a hard look. "We've been over this. You're not the crazy one—I am." "Not funny," he managed, looking pretty nuts. "You saw that—that thing, right?" I glanced at his hand and almost had a heart attack. In his hand, there wasn't any sword. Only a normal ball point ball. "I don't know what I saw," I admitted. "But it wasn't human?" Percy added with slight glisten of hope. "It was definitely not human," I confirmed. "Way to ditch us," I told Grover who was back to sitting outside on the steps as if nothing had happened. He twitched nervously, and wouldn't meet my eyes. "You and Percy shouldn't wander off," he told me. "You're going to get in trouble with Mrs. Kerr." "Who?" I asked him. "Mrs. Kerr," he repeated, motioning towards a blonde woman standing a few feet away. I gave him a long look as Percy sat down next to us. "Where's Mrs. Dodds?" he asked Grover. He shifted uncomfortably. "Who?" "Not funny, man," my brother told him, noticing his lie. "This is serious." Grover stiffly shrugged and opened a museum map, ignoring us. Percy and I shared a nervous look, than ever-so-slowly we stood up and backed away. "Be right back," Percy muttered, walking over towards Mr. Brunner. I nodded and wiped some rain off my face. I moved under the museum's overhang just now realizing I had been right about the weather—it was raining. I felt oddly numb, as if my mind was still too busy doing summersaults to process anything else. I had experienced some pretty crazy things in my twelve years, but this ranked top spot. "That's it," Percy stated in the same monotone I was feeling. "We're crazy." I took a deep breath, bracing myself for the worst. "What did Mr. Brunner say?" "He told me—," Percy stopped for a second, then continued. "He told Mrs. Dodds didn't exist." (A/N: Okay, first chapter down! Woo! Ha-ha, okay so tell me your thoguhts! I know this is way different from my first version, but I love it so much! All right, so I have to say special thanks to Sammi143, Chanaenae11, Paigemeable, Purecaitlyn, and my new Beta TibbiToo !) Now, I like to ask random questions at the end of each chapter. The rule is if you guys answer, so will I. :) All right, here is the question: How many museums do you think you've been to ?