out slowly, psyching myself up to what I was about to do. "Okay… moving on." I scooted away from Nico a bit but let a bit of my smile shine to show that I was kidding. "What are you staring at?" Leila set her hands on the table, as if still in class. "That sign. I can't figure out what it says…" Percy trailed off, pointing at a poster across the room. "Oh my gosh. Please tell me I'm reading that wrong," Leila demanded, her voice small. "Why? What do you two think it says?" Nico looked up from staring at his returned book. "Does that say, 'Old Foreseeing Urinals'?" I asked, stunned and horrified by the revolting poster. "That's what I see," Leila agreed, still staring. Her voice went high at the end from shock. Annabeth interrupted us by laughing, "Guys, I'm pretty sure that says, 'Lose Yourself In Reading'." I nodded, now seeing how the words matched up. Dumb dyslexia! "Guess that makes more sense," I admitted. "Since this IS the library." We all cracked up, and the head librarian came to shush us. "I'm going to see what books we can actually read in this place," Leila declared, standing up from our table. "I'll come," Percy offered, standing up also. As they left, Nico grumbled, "Good riddance." Annabeth looked up, offended. "Percy is not THAT bad, Nico!" I rolled my eyes. "Leila isn't that bad, either, you know," I defended. "It's just that they're twins, which makes them not only double the trouble—yet, somehow, also twice as endearing. Besides, nobody picks on Leila except me." "Well, Percy and you. Speaking of him, nobody better pick on him, either. That's my job!" Annabeth threatened. "Except for Leila." I smiled smugly at Annabeth, and she rolled her eyes. I started a staring contest for fun. "More like it makes them more thick-headed," Nico interrupted, referring to my first reply. He may have been joking, but when it comes to Leila, NOBODY gets past me if they want to pick fun at her. That is MY job. And I already settled the situation with Annabeth, so if Nico wants to argue, that's HIS decision. I can fry him to ashes with a lightning bolt, and don't even get me started about what I could do without "Daddy's help". As for Annabeth, she's ten times smarter than any demigod who isn't Athena's kid I know, including me, plus has lots more experience. I do have that OTHER power, I remembered, but I promised never to use it again. Not after Jason disappeared. Especially not after that. It was too painful. I glared daggers at him, and he glared back. "Says the person who didn't even pay attention today," I argued, voice low and dangerously even. The librarian didn't look up. "So? I bet you didn't, either," Nico replied in an even more sinister tone. He rubbed his skull ring. So, he wants to go 110% evil, eh? I'll make his evil tone sound like Barbie compared to my bloodcurdling and pant-wetting one, I vowed. "Guys!" Annabeth interrupted. The librarian raised her eyebrows, and she lowered her voice and tone. "We have the devil and co at the table up and to the right of here. We need to scram – now!" I broke away from the evil looks contest and grabbed my things from the table. "What about Percy and Leila?" I asked, worried about their tempers. "I don't think they've noticed us yet because they're arguing about doing homework, but the devil just wandered towards Percy and Leila's direction. We need to leave now and let the twins do their thing." "You sure?" I asked. I knew – even though I was a Hunter – that Annabeth hated to leave Percy. "I'm sure Percy's in good hands. After all, he is with Leila. Don't tell her this because it'll just make her ego bigger, but I trust her to take care of Percy. Now let's GO!" Annabeth tossed me Percy's sweatshirt, and I got the message: Wear something that covers your punk-ness and we may get out of here without detected. I fumbled with it as I stood. I had barely slipped it on before I saw a glimpse of "the devil," as Annabeth called her. She was heading toward Percy and Leila, just like Annabeth had said, but her face showed no sign of hope. It was bored. "She doesn't know we're here, much less Percy and Leila. Hide in the bathrooms?" I quickly reported in a low voice, grabbing Annabeth's jacket for time's sake. I looped my arm through Annabeth's and hoped Nico would catch on. "Sure. I need to do something with my hair; it's a tangle. But at least it isn't as bad as yours, Death Breath!" Annabeth smirked and as we dashed out. Nico scrambled after us and protested, "What do you mean? I spent a long time on this masterpiece!" I laughed in unison with Annabeth as we made our way through Goode High. "Where are they?" I called, looking left and right. "You've done this more than I have, Thalia!" Annabeth accused, stopping to catch her bearings. "Ugh, where's Leila when you need her? And where are we, anyways?" I raised my hands in surrender. "Don't ask me! I just got here!" "Nobody was, Pinecone-Head!" Nico insulted, aggravated. "Oh, PINECONE-HEAD? YOU'RE CALLING ME PINECONE-HEAD?" I screamed, losing my temper. I didn't electrocute him, but my skin sparked and threatened to zap Nico. Incensed and irate, I countered his verbal attack. "That's PERFECT, coming from YOU, ya STINKING ROADKILL RUNT!" Thunder boomed outside, supporting me. "Thals, Nico, calm down! We don't know where we are; there might be a classroom nearby, or –or –" Annabeth hissed, her voice suddenly choking and body freezing as another stern and unfamiliar voice finished her sentence: "Or a teacher, like me." A/N: Eeeepp! I'm so excited! Okay, remember to review and give Rose some love! Until next time...