liked peaches, okay?" Nico grins and takes another spoonful of their shared crème brûlée, nudging his shoulder against Will's. "I'm not judging. My favorite was Alice's Adventures In Wonderland ." In the end, Nico thinks as he watches how Will's eyes sparkle in the afternoon sun shining through the windows, having a soulmate is nothing like smoking at all. Smoking is disgusting, it's unhealthy, and it makes his fingers smell like nicotine. He's trying to quit for real, now; not for Will or for Hazel, bu for himself. He has new addictions now. Like Will's smile. (Nico still hasn't found a proper word to describe it.) And Will's laughter. And the way he's constantly learning more and more things about the guy, little things like favorite bands and the way he likes his tea, and bigger stuff like favorite childhood memories and dreams for the future. During the last half an hour alone Nico has learned a million facts about Will that he's stashed to his mind, in the box he has labelled as William Solace . Will is really something else. It's crazy, really, how Nico ever could have thought he doesn't need a soulmate, because now he can't imagine a version of his life where he doesn't meet Will. And it's not like they even have been going out for long. It's been three weeks since the first time Nico offered to go get dinner with Will, and not a day has gone by that they haven't seen each other. Every day Nico's heart skips a beat when he sees Will, and every day his hands itch to hold Will's, and every day he asks himself why he ever wanted to give all this up just to be difficult. He reaches out to lace their fingers together, and the smile he gets in return makes his cheeks flush red. "You know", Will says and licks his lips thoughtfully, "I don't think I've had a crème brûlée before." "Oh?" Nico takes another bite and savours the taste. It makes him think of home and the awfully fancy dinners he never cared about, but – it's nice , in a way. "And do you like it, now that you've tasted it?" Will smiles again. "I love it." Radiant . That's got to be the closest thing Nico has to describe it. Will's eyes shine, and his freckle covered cheeks have dimples, and he's radiant . A million dollar smile, Piper would probably say, but it's worth so much more than that. Nico's eyes linger on the curve of Will's lips, the soft pink of them, the lone freckle a little left on his lower lip, right there next to the – "You have custard on your lip." Nico knows this is a scene from the movies. He thinks he should have seen it form; it was right there, right in front of him the whole time. Will licks his lips again. "A little left. No, my left – here…" Nico does what any actor in a movie does in these situations; he reaches out his hand and gently, softly wipes the custard away with his thumb. He feels a little stupid, but Will is looking at him with those eyes again, and Nico's heart is practicing a drum solo. "Will", Nico mutters, his eyes fixed on the contrast of his black nail polish against Will's pink lip. They're so close now that Nico can count the freckles around Will's mouth. "Will, I… can I kiss you?" And Will lets out a breath that hits Nico in the face, smelling sweet and inviting Nico to lean in closer. "Please do." Will's lips are soft and warm. They feel fuller than they did under his thumb, and they taste like coffee and crème brûlée, and it's intoxicating. Nico has a hard time breathing, but right now he doesn't care, because it's like Will's lips were made to be kissed by his. They were , a small voice in the back of Nico's head says smugly. That's what being soulmates means . Nico smiles to the kiss and holds Will's hand that much tighter. Kissing Will is something Nico never knew he was missing in his life, but now that he's had a taste he can't possibly get enough. Their lips slot perfectly against each other, their noses don't bump awkwardly like Nico has heard can happen, and when Will opens his mouth the tiniest bit to capture Nico's lower lip it's the single most wonderful thing Nico has ever experienced. They move their lips slowly against each other, perfectly in sync, memorizing the shape of the other and drowning in the taste that transfers from French desserts to cherry lip balm and herbal tea. Nico remembers Piper telling him that her first kiss with Jason was over too quickly. He remembers Leo complaining about something similar. But when he breaks the kiss by pressing his forehead against Will's and opening his eyes, he doesn't think it's over, not even close. He locks his eyes with Will's blue ones and doesn't ever want to look away. "Hey", Will whispers to him, and their lips brush together in an almost-kiss. Nico feels tingly all over. "I think I'm going to love you." It should sound frightening. It should make Nico's face pale and his stomach turn and make him want to run out the door right this second. It should not feel like taking a warm bath, like falling down from a great height to something incredibly soft, like taking a long breath of fresh air on the first day of spring. It shouldn't feel like coming home, yet it does. Nico smiles and presses theirs lips together briefly. "Yes", he says against them, "I think I'm going to love you, too." A/N2: I headcanon that Nico's name is actually Niccolo. If you want to hear more, please drop by my tumblr (significant-what) and send me an ask! :) Reviews are very much appreciated.