I kinda like him better than Zeus. I mean sure, he sent monsters after me to kill me. He ordered his skeleton minions armed with AK47s to destroy me, he is blaming me for stealing the Master Bolt AND his Helm of Darkness…but he saved Mom. I'll give him some props for that. Message clear: you'll like the reward; you won't like it if you cross me. All Zeus was offering me for returning his bolt that I hadn't even stolen…was NOT killing me. No thanks, just: okay, you can live until I get pissed off next time. Turns out Ares had given me the Master Bolt. And we got the Helm of Darkness back for Hades (that was a quick side-quest…). It's weird, but I was talking with Annabeth, and we agree: something is off with this whole thing. Grover whimpered when we talked about that. But somehow, I'm a hero to Hades (grudgingly) and the mortals have decided that I had been kidnapped and blackmailed, and I'm totally awesome for escaping and got us a free plane ride back to the big Apple. (Good thing nobody knew I set the Lotus Hotel fire…that might not have gone down so well). So here's the summary, now that I'm back at Camp Half-Blood for the summer: Hades returned my mom, alive. Zeus didn't apologize but he called off the war. Ares is in big trouble for trying to start a war, and Aphrodite is ticked off at him for his comments about me. Athena glared at Annabeth and me for having made friends. (Apparently she doesn't approve of me for being, as Annabeth says, a Seaweed Brain. But, hey, I'll take it, it's better than Destructor, as she teased she should call me, after the Lotus Hotel.) Oh, and I got to meet Dad. Yeah, Mom's right, he's pretty cool. He's pretty laid back, but I can tell he has a temper. He gave me a hug…I tried to pretend I was too old for that from my dad but…what the heck, it's not like he's someone I can see often. Turns out there is this big agreement: Zeus, Dad, and Uncle Hades promised after World War Two not to have any more demigod kids. Something about us being too powerful and starting too many wars. But even beyond that, all of the gods are forbidden from spending too much time with their mortal children. As one of the Big Three, Dad can't really show too much favoritism. He has an example to set…yeah, that's the excuse anyways. I figure time just doesn't seem as important for gods who are thousands of years old. It's hard for them to keep up with mortal life, I bet. Oh, and Smelly Gabe? Just in case you're wondering. Yeah…Mom told him to get out. The Medusa head came in handy in case he refused. He refused. So now, Smelly Gabe is officially Stony Gabe. The Mist finally came in useful: It covered up his disappearance. Yay! And he's not, technically, dead… So there you have it. My first summer at demigod camp. And I still have a couple weeks left until my 12th birthday, August 18. I hate being one of the youngest in my grade…Maybe next year will be better. Until next time…Tchau! -Cyrene Jackson— Okay, so much for that being my story of the summer. Here I thought I was done. Quest completed, Mom doing well. Somehow became best friends with Annabeth. Am not longer a wanted woman. And then…the second to last line of the prophecy by the Oracle, the one about being betrayed? Oh I didn't tell you the exact prophecy that led to this quest did I? Okay, so basically, it said go west, face the "god who turned," kick some butt and recover the stolen items, get betrayed, and fail to save what matters most. So...god who turned, ended up being Ares, I think. Even in retrospect interpreting prophecy isn't all that easy. Items? Check. Fail to save Mom? Yeah, I did—but Hades returned her anyways. Nice as far as gods go. (Maybe I'll have to send him a Christmas card…not Zeus though. He is on the Uncle-non-grata list.) Betrayal? Whoops, turns out the prophecy wasn't over just yet. So, remember Luke? Cabin counselor for Hermes, got me set up with a bed when I first arrived? Is a good friend of Annabeth's, and Grover escorted him to camp on his first disastrous mission (that ended up with Zeus' daughter the pine tree that I got the Minotaur to hit)? Yeah, him. He tried to kill me. With a scorpion, the two-faced liar. Apparently, I'm powerful enough as a demigod to be on the "recruit to the dark side" list. He wanted me to join him to support Kronos in destroying the gods. Yeah, Kronos, as in the cannibalistic Titan who ate his own kids! Like Hades I'm helping him. I bet he eats his helpers too! Needless to say, my answer pissed Luke off. So he tried to kill me. Boy was that fun explaining to Annabeth, exactly how I ended up poisoned and just barely having my life saved before the poison killed me. So yeah: lucky that I survived, and know what we're facing. Luke is working with Kronos. I guess that means I failed to prevent a war, eh? Well, I prevented one…but the bigger one? Yeah, that's still coming. I'm completely scratching that I hope next summer will be better. No point hoping. I need to pray. If I'm extremely lucky the next few weeks of summer before I start 7th grade will be fairly tame: climbing rock walls with lava, sword fighting, capture the flag against the Ares cabin who has sworn that I am their enemy for showing up their dad, and lessons with Annabeth in ancient Greek. At least she was nice and decided we could go for a swim after each lesson… And now…for vacation. Right? -Cyrene Jackson-