your tools." I took the pencil from him and resisted the urge to snap it in half and laugh as he cried about it. Instead, I smirked and tapped the pencil on my easel, "I will, sir." Mr. Peru gave me a look that said: 'I'll be watching you today'. Which means no texting today… I held back a groan. This was going to be a long year. When the bell rang I got texts from Amy (even if she was sitting four seats behind me) and Sophie at the same time. food! yay! I luv food lets meet by the door finally! meet by the caf door and we go in together I grabbed my stuff and waited for Amy. We walked to the cafeteria discussing what we had painted and why we hated it or loved it. There by the entrance was Sophie. "Hey hey," she said. Amy ran her fingers over her hair, "How do I look?" "Fab-ul-ous!" Sophie replied; the way she pronounced it made the word sound like three different words. We connected arms and strutted into the lunchroom. Almost everyone stared. I smirked. Well, come on, I would stare too! We're three sexy, beautiful girls! We're probably a dream come true to most of boys in the room! We took our place in line. The three of us never really ate much. I just got a bottle of water while Amy got pink Vitamin Water (that matched her shirt perfectly) and Sophie got a Diet Root Beer. Sophie sighed, holding the bottle of Root Beer. "Wish it was real." "Don't we all?" I murmured. "How awesome would that be?" Amy piped. "What do mean?" Amy explained, "I mean, wouldn't that be cool? If they sold REAL beer in the cafeteria?" We both agreed and went to find a table. I saw a few guys check me out but quickly flipped them off. These boys were hideous! "Oh my gaud! Some people need to get a buckle for the drool! These boys have no right to be staring! It's rude," Sophie fumed. "Chill out, Soap," I chided. "I find it kind of cute." "You mean you like the attention," she corrected. "And I wish you would stop calling me 'Soap'." Amy joined in on the fun. "I don't know, Soap. That nick-name is starting to grow on me." I laughed then opened my water and took a long drawl. "Wow, Cara," Sophie snickered. "Plan on breathing any time soon?" I was about to make a sarcastic response when I spotted the boy. He was sitting with someone else. This boy was Goth to the extreme. I could only see the back of him but I could enough to know that he was definitely Goth or possibly Emo. But he really didn't look like the type of guy to go around cutting himself; he looked more like the type of guy who would go around cutting other people. "Who is that?" I was a little frustrated with the fact I didn't know him yet. "Who?" Sophie asked, forgetting our other topic. "The boy with the black hair in the corner," I said. Amy craned her head than nodded, "Aw, yes." I lowered my voice so people passing us couldn't hear. "You know him?" "Wait," Sophie protested. "Are you talking about the boy sitting with the kid who breaths walking death?" "If you mean the totally smoking hot boy sitting with the olive skinned one with the all black assemble… yes," I nodded. "You know him ?" "He's in my Greek class. He kept blanking out or laughing to himself every couple of seconds. It was really weird." "Didn't the teacher notice?" "Oh, he noticed. He just appeared too scared of him to do anything about it." "Anyways," I leaned toward Amy, "Who is he?" She threw me a quick look of… Pity? I think it was pity. She took a deep breath and leaned forward too, "His name is Percy Jackson. I won't deny he is smoking hot but…" "But?" I prompted. "He is well protected." "Huh?"Sophie moved so she could lean in also. The lunchroom door opened. The blond from my Biology class walked in. She caught sight of the boy, walked across the room, sat down next to the Goth and began talking. "That's what I mean," Amy pointed to the blond. "Who is she? His bodyguard?" I scoffed. No one could keep me away from something I wanted! "Annabeth Chase. Smart. Scary smart. Currently dating Percy Jackson." "That's it?" I pressed. "Gee, Amy you're seriously underestimating me." "Whatever, Cara, you should know: he's got more than a girlfriend. He's got friends-" "Okay, nothing I haven't handled before." I watched the blond get up and to go get food. "Perfect. Let's go sit with them." "Not a good idea," Amy stated. "Fine," I relented. "Let's go say hi at the least." She shrugged, "You can. Jimmy!" She waved a boy over as I grabbed Sophie's arm. "Hey!" Sophie objected. "Come with me." "All right," she decided. ` I fluffed my hair before heading over to the table. "Hello," I smiled. "Hey," Sophie said in a perky voice. The Goth just stared at us. Percy half smiled and said, "Hi." My smile widened, "We just wanted to come over and introduce ourselves. I'm-" "Percy!" someone interrupted. The girl with the long black hair slid onto the bench next to him, not even seeing us. "Oh my gods! You are never going to believe what we're studying in Biology! Go on try to guess! Never mind. Let's face it, you won't guess right. It's the ocean," she laughed. Percy laughed too as the Goth muttered, "Of course you get the ocean I get the atoms. How can they even be provoked that they're really? No one has actually ever seen an atom." "That's because scientists haven't been able to make a microscope strong enough," a new voice said. Annabeth was back holing a tray of food.