need to talk to that Beauregard girl. Chris slumped his shoulders and hid a yawn. The clock was showing it was 4:36am and he had less than two hours to finish reading the diary. Or, at least, two hours until the Ares' campers wake up and find out about their prank. Silena told me I had a crush on Chris. I remember yelling at her that was absurd. That I didn't have feelings for him. Feelings made you weak. Silena fought with me, and I've never seen her fighting someone in my life. She gave me several arguments of why I was captivated by Chris. Some of them were insane, other kind of made sense. All I know is that, after that talk, I was more confused than ever. Especially because Chris won't stop naming me 'Mary'. Was she someone he met? Was she his girlfriend? Was she someone that was with him inside the labyrinth? Life got confused. "Oh... She'll never hear the end of this..." Chris planned to tease Clarisse good after reading this. But, it wasn't something like that. Mary was a special girl for another reason. But, Chris wasn't confident enough to tell Clarisse just yet, thought they were dating for four, almost five years! Get a grip, punk! she would scream at himself. Mr. D cured Chris. He almost didn't do it because he was upset about Castor's dead. I don't blame him, but he kind of had to cure him. Or I'd had put Maimer inside his godly guts guts. Anyway, when he woke up, he recognized me. Though he frowned when he saw me. He told me I was crying. I told him only wimps cry. And he accused me of being a wimp. I almost maimed him if it wasn't for that smirk on his face, showing he was teasing me. I guess I could allow one tear or two because of happiness. By now, Chris felt really bad reading about Clarisse's personal thoughts. Those were private moments, things she never wanted to show him or anyone! He read the last entry of the diary, that was dated a few weeks after they started dating. Chris asked me to be his girlfriend. I told him I didn't do cheesy stuff, much less PDA or romantic gestures. The most romantic thing I could do was not hit him. He told me he didn't care, because he just wanted to be there for me, as I was there for him. I don't think I'll write in here again. I always feared someone would find this and tease me about my feelings. But, I found a guy who listens and knows that my feelings are personal. He won't share. He won't judge. He won't make fun of me. Because that's was my point, being cared and respected. And Chris does that. Because he knows its value. Chris stopped reading, closing the diary with a loud ' puff '. He got dress and walked outside, the diary with him. He got to the limits of the woods and, walking inside, he began collecting branches and dry leaves and things that could make a fire. He lighted it on with a lighter that she stole from his siblings and watched the fire grow in intensity. He just watched it. The smoke began to come out, alerting the satyrs and the nymphs, who would give the alarm. Some of them would even try to get him away from it, but Chris wouldn't budge. This was his plan. Chris heard the satyrs calling that someone would look for Clarisse. Yes, bring Clarisse! Chris wanted to scream, Wake her up! . Itwas matter of time they'd find out the prank. Chris, and everyone elses, heard the screams and yells and shouts coming from Cabin 5. He knew she was gonna be pissed, so this was his compensation. Followed by a mob of campers, Clarisse made her way to him, covered in whipped cream and brown feathers. Though the look was kind of funny, everyone was terrified of how things were gonna end up for them if they laughed. Chris didn't blame them. "Punk!" Clarisse screamed at him. Chris smirked and turned to see her, noticing for the first time, the crowd that came with her "You better have a reason for this-" and she pointed at the fire, who was growing "-because if now, I'll make it your funeral!" "What if it was like that?" Chris mumbled, not even raising his voice. Campers murmured and Clarisse changed her angry frown with a concern one. "What are you talking about, Chris?" Chris shook his head and waved at the crowd to leave. Only then, he turned to Clarisse. "I'm talking about this" he raised his arm and showed her the diary. Clarisse petrified in her place, before she scowled. "You, little sneaky-" "Calm down, woman!" Chris raised his other arm in defense. "You want to burn it!" "It's not better?!" Clarisse stopped screaming at him and only stared "Clarisse, Mary..." Chris felt a knot in his throat, but forced himself to continue "Mary was a girl from the neighborhood I grew up in... We were best friends and we stole for fun... One day, she wanted to break in into a house fully secured, but she didn't wait for me..." "She got herself killed..." Clarisse understood quickly. Chris only nodded. "Last time we spoke, we argued and I told her that it wasn't safe..." Chris sorbed up and nodded "There. No more secrets" "It was a valid reason-" "No justifications. I always heard you in my mind, you know?" This comment made Clarisse chuckled. "Punk, you are seriously mad..." "I'm mad about you" he admitted, making Clarisse involuntarily blush "I'm glad you're not mad about this..." "Oh, I'm mad with you" Clarisse promised "I'll just need a good punishment for you..." "And I wouldn't want it any other way" "Shut up, punk!" Clarisse cut him, frowning "I'm still mad at you!"