that he has a friend (is Annabeth his friend?) who doesn't expect him to share every detail of his life every minute of the day. And he appreciates the silence even more now that his head is pounding with the realization that he actually loves Will Solace, soccer coach and pediatrician and his boyfriend of four months. Nico wants to shout it out to the world. He wants to let everyone know that he loves Will, that he wants to be with him now and next month and for years to come. He wants to scream that he has never loved anyone like this before. But he's Nico di Angelo, so he sits there in the cold rain and watches the practice, keeping his mouth shut. "I've noticed you took my advice", Annabeth says then, and Nico turns his head to look at her, not understanding what she's talking about. "About Will. I mean, you two are still so painfully obvious it makes me want to hit something, but at least you're doing something ." Nico feels himself blush, wondering if Annabeth has actually any idea how much something they have been doing lately. "Although I still think you should ask him out. You two would be perfect together." And Nico doesn't mean to say it. He's not sure what he was originally going to say, but when he opens his mouth all that comes out is, "We are ." Fuck. Fucking shit . Nico quickly turns his eyes back to the field, trying to ignore the way Annabeth is now gaping at him. He wonders if it would be too obvious to leave now and come back in twenty minutes when the practice ends. Maybe thet way he would be saved from further humiliation. "No way", Annabeth breathes in shock, and a part of Nico wants to roll his eyes. Surely it wasn't that surprising. "For how long, exactly?" For a fleeting moment Nico toys with the idea of denying it all. But Annabeth is way too smart – he'd never be able to convince her, not after that fucking stupid comment he made. "A few months, now", he says, trying to sound nonchalant about it all, but the spreading on his lips betrays him. "But we're keeping it in the down low for now." Annabeth asks a few more questions (Nico has never thought her to be this curious before), and Nico answers while trying to keep as many details to himself as possible. He makes her swear not to say anything to anyone until they make it public, and she smiles at him and agrees to that – but points out that now that she knows, a lot of the looks Nico and Will have been giving each other make much more sense. She even adds that she wouldn't be surprised if the others have caught up already, and once again Nico wants to disappear. Badly. But then Will glances at the bleachers again and their eyes meet for a split second, and inside Nico the fireworks erupt again. He feels so stupid for acting like a fucking school girl with a crush, but he can't help it, because he loves Will and wants the world to know. Nico doesn't tell the world. Not for a few weeks. But when the practice ends that day and Nico meets with Ciara on the field to exchange a few polite words with Will, he has to bite his cheeks to not grin like a maniac. "Good to see you again, Nico", Will smiles, and Nico wonders if others can see that sparkle in his eyes, too. "You too, coach", he replies, and when they shake their hands Nico feels a tingle down his spine. He tries to force his heart beat down, but doesn't have much luck. "I'm looking forward to the game next week." Will's smile is more like a smirk when he looks at Nico then, and Nico wonders if it's the rain or his new realization about love, but the blue eyes seem even bluer than usual. "Me too." When Nico takes Ciara's practice bag and they start their way home, Nico feels his phone vibrate in his pocket and wishes it wasn't raining so he could read it, because he just knows it's a text from Will. They walk in silence, until Ciara squeezes his hand when they wait to cross the street across their apartment. "Dad, why did Coach Will look at you like that?" she asks, and Nico has to lean down a little to hear her over the traffic. Nico really hopes that his voice is steady as he asks, "Like what?" But Ciara confirms all Nico's nightmares when she answers, making it clear to him that it's time to let his daughter in on the secret. "Like the way Uncle Jason sometimes looks at Aunt Piper when he thinks I can't see." It is in that moment that Nico decides to not dance around the subject anymore. And to tell Jason to keep his bedroom eyes in check when Ciara's around. "That, sweetheart", he answers and holds her hand a little tighter, "is a really good question. And I'm going to let Will answer that to you when we have dinner tomorrow." From: will: [15:14] you look hot when you're all flustered To: will: [15:38] shut it solace To: will: [15:39] cancel your plans for tomorrow, you're having dinner with me and ciara From: will: [15:41] breaking down the news? To: will: [15:41] long overdue, don't you think To: jay: [15:44] would it be too much to ask to keep it in your pants when ciara's around To: jay: [15:44] seriously grace, and you say i'm the horny teenager From: jay: [16:25] i don't know what she told you, but i can assure you i have a good explanation A/N2: Okay I lied a little. I sort of hate this. But please review anyway. I'll go crawl in a hole now.