wispy clouds on a bright day, so pleased that he didn't care if Percy was one day late. Everyone make blunders (Percy does them on a daily basis), and Jason was always ready to forgive him, like what he's about to do now. "I was thinking of making it a tradition," Percy was speaking, a huge grin on his face, "making breakfast in bed and spoiling the heck outta you." "You're a day late, though" Jason teased, wearing an exaggerated pout on his lips. Percy raised his eyebrows and checked his wristwatch. "What are you talking about, Jason? Today is the first of July. Here." Percy turned his wrist so that Jason could see the face of the watch. It revealed the number '1' in a tiny square that indicated the date of the day, emphasizing that Percy had been right. Huh. Jason froze up, a bit stupefied at the revelation. Slowly, he could feel his blush blooming from his cheeks all down to his neck, resisting the urge to bury himself in his pillow as he looked at Percy struggling to contain his laughter. So much for the angst yesterday, and it was just for nothing. Turned out the one who blundered was not Percy but him, for a change. Percy's voice was trembling as he tried to keep the laughter in. "What are you so shocked about, your eyes are getting real huge just now." Jason was so, so stupid. "I just realized how dumb I was being." "Hm?" His boyfriend wrapped an arm around him, eyes bright with mirth as he said, "I thought I'm supposed to be the dumb one in this relationship?" "Give yourself more credit, you're smarter than you look." Jason paused, hesitating the urge to tell, to whine to Percy about everything. But then this was Percy. He gave in, his voice a tad too small than he intended it to be. "I thought you forgot." "Hey, you should be giving me more credit," Percy accused in a playful tone. "I've been waiting the whole week for today, okay? I endured Annabeth pestering me about work, the unfinished temple, you being down yesterday, looking like I've forgotten about your birthday…" An awkward silent. "… wait." Jason was sure his face was giving him away. He turned his puppy eyes mode on. Like, full hard mode on, bracing himself as Percy opened his mouth, because nothing good would be coming out of it. "You are such a baby." "Shut up." "Oh my gods, that's why you were so quiet! You looked like your soul has taken a trip to the underworld, and now I realised it was because you were sulking . Hah!" There was no stopping him now. Percy threw his head back dramatically before cracking up in hideous cackles. Jason was positive he was beet-red now, shoulders drawn in to his ears as he sipped his coffee quietly. "You're so cute. Gods . Can you be any cuter?" Percy wrapped himself around Jason, mimicking to bite his skin before laying his head on Jason's bare shoulder. "I hate you." "No, you don't." He made a show of sipping his coffee loudly, trying to pretend he didn't hear Percy, because of course, he loved Percy so much to even consider denying him. Shoulders still shaking from unabashed laughter, Percy took the tray from the drawer before placing it on Jason's lap. There were pancakes drenched in syrup and swirls of cream, a plate of home-made brownies decorated with blue icing, a jar of strawberry preserves, and several slabs of toast. Jason felt full just looking at the hearty meal. "Eat up, hot stuff, we have lots to do today." "We do?" Percy looked at him, unimpressed. Jason watched on as he pulled his sleeves up his veiny arms as if he was preparing for a speech. It was his favorite look on him; Percy had mentioned that the sweatshirt reminded him of Jason's pretty blue eyes. "I made a schedule today. Breakfast, and then off to a surprise birthday bash with the lot– " "Not a surprise anymore," Jason chuckled. "Hush, you. Next is the aquarium, then we're gonna hit up dinner at my mom's house because she told me to bring you over so that she can fuss over you too, and then we'll end our night with a romantic surprise by yours truly." His boyfriend raised a suggestive eyebrow in an attempt to be sexy. (And he actually was. Jason was tempted to kiss that smirk off his smug face.) Nodding slowly, Jason swiped a finger over the pancake and sucked the cream off. Tasty. Percy was a great cook, but right now, he didn't feel like eating. Putting the tray away, he ignored Percy's questioning face as he buried his face at the crook of his boyfriend's neck, relishing the soft thudding pulse against his cheek. "I'm sorry I was acting miserable." He felt Percy's lips kissing his hair. "Don't apologize. Happens to the best of us. I know how much you love birthdays, Jason. I love it too. You look so ridiculously happy every time we celebrate yours, like full on glowing , so I never wanted the day to end." Jason hummed. His joy was pure and unadulterated; his breathing was coming in short puffs. "Happy Jason is back now, treat him well." "Aye-aye, captain." "Can we lie down for a moment? I want to be alone with you just a little longer." "Sure thing. I can squeeze some smooching time in today's schedule before we head out." Jason giggled, feeling like a schoolboy with a crush. He couldn't complain to that. After all, Percy's kisses were his absolute favorites. Author's Note: Favorites and reviews are much appreciated! Thank you for reading! ❤ Disclaimer: All rights reserved of the Percy Jackson and the Olympians and the Heroes of Olympus series belongs rightfully to Rick Riordan. The rest of the plot and any significant else are all specifically mine.