tablecloth. Finally, she couldn't handle it and gave him the little package where her present laid. Octavian took it with surprise and reverence, almost worshipping it. "Open it up!" Rachel beamed at him. But Octavian simply handed her his present, also carefully wrapped. "Together" he stated. Rachel nodded and, after the count of three, Rachel opened the wrapping, careful not to rip it. Tears escaped her eyes when she saw the most magnificent frame ever. It was the perfect size for her painting, the painting she sold to get Octavian his present. The tears soon became of sadness as she stared at the frame. Octavian wasn't any better. He opened the box to find out the perfect match for his sold teddy bear, yet now he didn't have it. Gods, how awful he felt about it now! How would he explained to her that he sold the only thing that was as sacred as her to buy her present? Speechless, he looked up and saw his wife in tears, hiding her face behind her hands. She was mumbling something he couldn't decipher, until he got closer. "I sold the painting to buy your present" Octavian heard the guilt, the anguish and the fear behind that confession. In a way, that eased his own fear, because it meant that she loved him as much as he loved her. Wrapping his arms around her, he made his own confession. Rachel stared at him, in a mix with adoration and surprised. Octavian kept assuring her he didn't hate her and that everything was gonna be alright. Because they got each other. It was passed 3am, but Octavian wasn't able to sleep. Instead, he was busy watching his wife sleep, while he spooned her from behind. He loved her so much, he'd go back to the ' dark side ' as she call it, only to offer her the world she lost. But, it would be no use now. Not without the cost of losing her. "You think we can get them back?" she whispered softly, almost too low for him to miss it. But he's glad he didn't "Someday?" "Someday..." he promised. She turned around and got closer to him, her head on top of his chest and her hand holding his shoulder. His arms were around her waist and stroking her cheek. The way it was suppose to be "You know, I forgot about this but a blind man gave me a gift last night" Rachel looked interest in his story, so he continued "He gave me this envelope, I wasn't suppose to open it until Christmas..." "It's Christmas now..." she pointed out. Octavian smirked and grabbed the envelope inside his back pocket's pants and took it out. He opened it and found a paper with an address and a little key. "OK, this is strange..." Octavian recognized, though he stopped when Rachel got up from bed and began searching her stuff "Um, love?" "A woman gave me an envelope too yesterday... I forgot about it as well..." she admitted, getting back to bed with him. He wrapped his arms around her as she opened it. Rachel's expression turned into a frown when she found out a paper and a positive pregnancy test "You think she confused the envelopes? Because-" "Let me see that note" he asked her, taking the note from her. The words ' It's a girl! Congrats! ' were visible, but it was the signature under the note that intrigued him. It was a lipstick mark with a dove "No way..." "What? What's wrong?" Rachel wondered, getting worried by the second. Octavian ignored her worry and placed a hand over her stomach. He didn't know how and he didn't want to figure how either, but the second he placed his hand there, he could hear another heart beat "No... I can't be-" "-pregnant" Octavian completed for her, smiling "The note was from Venus herself, love..." "Oh, gods..." she chuckled and hugged him tight, both filled with joy and happiness "We're having a baby..." "And, something tell me, this ain't no regular house" he grabbed the little key, showing it at her. She smiled at him, tears coming out "Told you our luck would change..." "And I never doubted you" she confessed, kissing him. Showing him her love for him. After having lunch, Octavian and Rachel decided to go to the address of the key, not sure of what they'll find. They were ready for anything. Octavian wouldn't let Rachel out of his sight, especially now that she was carrying a baby. His baby. He still couldn't believe it. Rachel was leaning against his chest, a small smile showing in her lips. "What do you think we find inside?" she wondered, giving herself some room to dream "I want a fireplace and maybe, a small front yard-" Octavian heard her rant about her fantasy, just hoping the reality wouldn't crush them. "If not..." he stopped her for a second, smirking "I'll give you that again. I promise" he swore to her, kissing her temple. "I don't need that, Ian..." she assured her, looking at him in the eyes "I need you" "Cheesy like me" Octavian chuckled, stopping at the front of one house, that even their descriptions gone throw the window when they saw it. Two store tall, with a massive front yard, a swing hanging from a tree, a big bow wrapped around the mailbox. They walked to it and opened it, finding a letter. It took us a while, but we found you. We felt really bad about what happened to you, so we wanted to give you something back... Shocked us that you didn't recognized us, but we don't blame you... You guys deserved the best after we turn our back on you... This is just the beginning. Merry Christmas to the three of you! A & H "Annabeth and Hazel?" "More like Vesta and Venus" Octavian, recognized, pulling the key out, walking into their new home.