baby girl, who opens her beautiful eyes to look at him. Piper leans in and smiles at her, too, and Will watches as they dote over the girl like the godparents they don't yet know they are going to be asked to become. "What's her name?" Piper asks as she holds the child close to her chest on mother's instinct. Will may not have known Jason and Piper for that long, but he has grown to love them like a family, which is part of why he feels so much joy about naming the new baby. Will watches as Nico's smile goes soft and tender, and listens how the melodic voice trembles a little with emotion as he speaks. "Grace Leeann Bianca di Angelo", he says, quickly exchanging a smile with Will before turning to look Jason in the eyes. "Leeann means light. Grace was Will's grandmother's name, but…" Nico needs to take a deep breath, and Will understands. He reaches out to hold Nico's hand in his. "But the biggest reason we chose the name is because I – because we wanted to name her after you." Jason is crying. Will remembers the first time he saw Jason Grace, how he saw the man as a soldier, as a man with a face of stone and a steely self control. Of course he had quickly learned that Jason isn't like that at all, but the comparison to the man with tears streaming down his cheeks as he leaps to hug his best friend is still remarkable. Will can't hear what they're whispering to each other through their sobs, but he doesn't have to either. He feels like he's intruding, and moves to hug Piper who is also crying. How is it that newborn babies make everyone cry? That night Will doesn't sleep. Reyna snores in her hospital bed. Nico is dozed off in the uncomfortable chair next to her, a cup of melted ice chips in hand and legs draped over hers on the bed. Will knows they're not supposed to have Grace in the room this late, but it helps that he works here, and he's able to bend the rules a little and now he's free to hold his baby girl and just look at her peaceful face like it holds answers to all of the worlds secrets. Will remembers the night in college when Cecil asked about love at first sight. He thinks about it constantly these days. Did he believe back then? Did he believe when he first met Nico, unexpectedly on that soccer field? Does he believe now ? When Grace makes the tiniest noise before turning her face to the pink blanket, Will's heart wants to beat out of his chest. If this isn't love at first sight , he thinks and kisses her head, then I don't know what is . A/N2: That's it. That's finally it. This story has wrecked me so many times and in so many ways that I'm at a complete loss right now. I have so many things to say about this right now, but I don't have many words left in me, so I'll just do my best. About the name. I told you in the end of And I can't stop that I have my reasons for the names, and I try to explain it in a way that makes even a little sense. And I can't stop started with Nico not being able to stop staring at coach Will from the soccer field bleachers, which I think works as a theme for the whole story. When thinking about a name for Will's POV, So please don't stop was the first thing that came to my mind. In a way it's Will's response to Nico; you don't have to stop, I know I won't . About the timeline. I know it's fucked up. Somewhere along the way I realized I have no idea how soccer seasons really start and end, and the one in this story makes no sense. But I feel like, as it's not a main theme in the story, you can maybe forgive me for that. Please. I know I said before that this story will answer the questions that I left open in And I can't stop . I'm also aware that this didn't answer them all, and that this may have left you with even more questions. I apologize. I haven't included here many of the scenes I originally wanted to, but I slowly started to feel like I was already repeating myself too much, and the story ended up much longer than i thought. I have decided not to make a decision whether to continue with the AU or not; I have some ideas, but only time will tell if I will actually write them or not. Lastly, I would like to voice my eternal gratitude towards Elsa ( achildofsun in tumblr), the person who's pretty much the reason this AU ever saw the light of day. She's helped me in so many ways with this, pushing me forward, giving me inspiration, helping me with the dialogue, keeping me sane. If you like this AU, you have her to thank; who knows what would have happened if she had a different reply when I sent her a text on December 3rd, saying, "If a fanfic starts with Nico has a thing for his daughter's soccer coach , would you be interested?" To you, dear reader: thank you for making it this far. I wouldn't have had the courage to keep publishing if it hadn't been for the incredible response I've had from you. Thank you . Please favorite and review if you liked this, and keep an eye out for the possible spin-offs and additional stories! Now I think I'm finally done. Probably not, though. Happy Valentine's Day, everyone. (Come hit me up in tumblr significant-what - send me headcanons, ask me anything, or just come and say hi!)