was a low, stone fountain with silvery blue water flowing down the sides. It was the fountain that my dad had put in our Camp Half-blood cabin a few years ago as a gift for Percy and I. Of course, Percy had destroyed it by cutting it in half, but I'd never forget what it looked like. "No," I lied. "You did this free hand, correct?" "I didn't draw anything before I started painting, if that's what you mean," I said, hoping I didn't sound as clueless as I felt. "Yes, well, I'm impressed. You need a very steady hand to paint this well freehand and it seems you have that skill." He nodded and wandered off to go check another student's work. "Nothing like five years of demigod training to give you a nice steady hand," I mumbled painting some more. "Finally," Annabeth sighed when I met her after Art. "What? You didn't enjoy your lovely History class?" I teased. "Well, that was the best class I've been to all day but it was still pretty bad—ouch!" she complained running into someone who was walking the opposite direction. "Watch it," I told the kid, pushing him away from her. "We're walking over here!" "Oh, I saw you," the boy flirted with a glance toward Annabeth skinny jeans, and my tanned legs. "We have boyfriends," Annabeth informed him with a dangerous light in her eyes that promised trouble. I confidently pushed my hair back. "And defensive bothers who will kick—" "Well, they shouldn't let you wander around without protection then, should they?" the boy smirked cocky. "Maybe I should take of you two till then." "Who said we needed protection?" I demanded, reaching for my dagger. "Maybe you shouldn't," Annabeth deadpanned, dragging me away from the polo-wearing idiot. "Come on," I objected. "One little punch won't put him in the hospital, but if aimed right, I might be able to knock out a few teeth." "Pushing him so hard he would lose teeth? Yeah, that would put him in the hospital," she told me. "It's not my fault the guy is a wimp," I grumbled, releasing the hold on my dagger. "Forget it," she advised while we walked into the Cafeteria. I scanned the room for Percy and Nico. Thanks to the pervert who decided to hit-on two girls at once, they must have gotten to the Cafeteria first. "There," Annabeth said, pointing toward a table in a corner of the lunchroom. "Get in line, okay? I'm going to see what the boys want to eat." "Fine," I huffed, "but tell them if it takes up more than two trays, they're getting their own food." Percy and Nico weren't just teenage boys, they were demigod teenage boys—that pretty much means they ate about twice as much as normal teenagers. Although, at least the boys got away with eating all that food. Try explaining to a mortal why you—an average looking teenage girl—can eat enough to food for an army, but never gain any weight. Monster training—definitely the best diet ever. Annabeth laughed and nudged me toward the line. "I will." A minute later, she returned with a long look on her face. "I am not getting all that food," she stated. I snickered. "They should get their own food anyway." "I'll get some," she shrugged, "but I don't even have enough limbs to carry all the food they want." "Careful, they might eat your limbs if they don't get enough food," I joked. Annabeth rolled her eyes and started grabbed a tray. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught sight of Nico and Percy familiar black hair easily, but there was something else. One of the girls I had seen staring at me in Art class was standing at the end of the table with another girl by her side. The worse part was, I was across the room and I could clearly see she was flirting. And if I could, Annabeth definitely could. I nodded to the girl. "Who's that?" "She wasn't there a minute ago," Annabeth stated. I was pretty sure she was dangerously close to running across the room and killing them—and I probably would've helped—but I decided to spare us the paperwork. "Get me something—a Coke—will you?" I asked, still staring at across the room. She nodded and stiffly turned around to grab an apple from off the counter. I made my way over to the table and swiftly slid into the seat next to Percy, cutting off whatever the one of girls was saying. "Percy!" I said quickly. Picking the first thing that came to my head, I started talking fast enough to keep the other girls from saying anything in between. "Oh my gods! You are never going to believe what we're studying in Biology! Go on try to guess! Never mind. Let's face it, you won't guess right. It's the ocean." Of course I knew Percy already had Biology class by now—but I couldn't think of anything else to say! Luckily, he was smart enough to keep from questioning my actions. He laughed knowingly and shook his head. "Of course," Nico sulked, "you get the ocean, and I get atoms. How can they even be proved that they're really? No one has actually ever seen an atom." I made a note to thank Nico for the help later—even though he probably had no idea he was helping—and I was about to keep talking when another voice spoke up. It was voice that made Percy's face light up and me sigh in relief. "That's because scientists haven't been able to make a microscope strong enough," Annabeth said, taking a seat across from Percy. A disarming smile was poised on her lips, but her eyes warned anyone who had seen her in fight that she was dangerous. I leaned against the bench and smirked, wondering why I ever had problems with this girl. (A/N: And the story begins. Ha-ha, this will be funnn)