it's happening," I shout as I throw on my hood and see Runa do the same. I leapt off the tree and landed on the ground and ran silently to the Mess Hall as the feeling got stronger. As people walked by, we ducked behind walls and hid in the shadows as we waited for them to leave. Soon enough, we reached the Mess Hall, both of us hiding behind a pillar that created a border for the campers to eat. Fairly quickly, we could hear the shouting. "How dare you do this to me!" screamed a woman's voice, pain evident in how she sounded. I stiffened, I know that voice. "But babe, I'm serious! I didn't cheat on you!" was the also familiar male voice, traces of fear in his voice. "Piper told me! And the Stolls filmed it! I wish you were dead!" I finally looked around the pillar to find a large group surrounding two people. Two people I recognized. Annabeth stood there with a furious expression on her face, a plain wedding ring in her hand. "Does this mean anything to you Theseus?" "Beth, I love you, I really do, I swear on Styx that I didn't cheat on you," he said smirking. Obviously, he didn't know the consequences of breaking an oath on the Styx. But Annabeth did, and she believed him because her shoulders slumped and he didn't erupt in flames. Too bad they didn't know there are other ways to enact justice. Me I stepped into the hall, my boots echoing against the hard marble floor, the feeling had subsided to a dull throbbing, signaling a broken oath. I was going to enjoy this. "My my my, what a silly little godling," I chuckled, purposely changing my voice to scare my brother. Annabeth's head whipped around to see who had spoken. Sadly, her eyes were met with my hooded face. I stepped forwards, walking through the demigods and legacies, recognizing a few but I ignored them. They parted for me like the Red Sea. "Who are you?" squeaked out Theseus, obviously intimidated by the way I carried myself and Zoe who fingered her bow as she walked in behind me. I could feel his fear. And I relished in it. He ruined my old life, taken away my friends and purpose in life. My turn "Didn't they tell you lying is bad Poseidon spawn?" I said mainly directing this at Annabeth. Sure enough, she connected the dots and her face turned red. As she raised her hand to hit him, I melted my body into water from the Cocytus and formed myself between Annabeth's punch and Theseus' face. Blocking her fist with my hand, I clicked my tongue mockingly. "Really Annabeth, I thought you knew better, it is not your job to ensure justice," I saw her expression change from angry, to scared within seconds. She knew what I meant. "It's mine," I say, pushing her away and grabbing my brother's throat lifting him in the air. The other campers were too shocked or afraid to help him. He did, of course, break a sacred oath and is getting what he deserves. Faintly, I could hear Runa's faint laughter in the background and smirked. She was enjoying this. As was I. "You have broken an oath on the Styx, how do you plead?" I asked him, enjoying his gasps of air. "No-not guilty," he stammered, sobs racking his body. "Really? I must be delusional then, what do you think Runa?" reverting to my normal voice, amusement clear in my voice. "Fate does not lie," she replied mysteriously, confusing everyone but us. "Well then Theseus, it seems like you are guilty and I get to have fun, what do you say?" I snarl in his face, already dragging him to a stone table. Flipping him around, he crashed heavily into the hard surface. Groaning, he tried to escape but I held him still. Touching him, I turned all of the water in his body to Phlegathon water. He screamed as he felt the effects, burning him throughout while also healing him. The result was perpetual agony as he spasmed on the table, crying, begging for help. His veins started to shine a fiery red, reflecting the power of the river flowing through his veins. Some campers had to turn away, pity shining in their eyes. Yet, they wore an expression of disgust. Not to me I realized, while they certainly feared me, they were disgusted by my ex-brother's actions. Annabeth tried to rush forwards to help him, but she was restrained by Runa. "NO!" she screamed, "You monster!" That stopped me, Theseus' sobs slowly subsiding as he felt the fire leave his body. Being called a monster, that was a new one. "Well then, little Annie has hurt my feelings, so I will finish this up," Obviously, my brother thought that meant I was letting him go. He was wrong. As he tried to limp away, I hit his head with my fist causing him to slump to his knees. I placed the palm of my hand against his head and my hand flared with a black light. With one final scream, his body seemed to disintegrate into black water that seeped into the ground. "What did you do to him?" shrieked one of the Aphrodite girls. "He's not dead if that's what you think," There were audible sighs from the girl. Most of the camp came to the same conclusion that I did, this was the girl that Theseus used to cheat on his wife. "He has faded," and with that, Runa and I swept out of Camp, leaving behind a shocked and awestruck group of campers. That's the part where I think the story is good. It is quite interesting however in the end like many authors they left is with a cliffhanger. If we get 5 review no 4 you'll see number 9 and so on. Bye. My Dear Loyal Readers