ordinary person who can disable six armed agents, avoid trained assassins, and recall what looked to be codenames of government officials. Right. Fuck. "Right, I'll continue then," Reyna hesitantly stated, seemingly sensing Percy's distress. "Two weeks ago, these twelve- arguably the twelve most influential people in the country- simply disappeared. To put this in perspective, those names you remembered, the Greek gods? Those are only half of their codename system; the other half is Roman. Only the highest-ranking government officials know both sets of codenames, let alone one or the other. If it puts your mind at ease, at least we can rule out you being one of the Secretaries," she says with a dry chuckle. Percy didn't laugh. "Anyways, one week later- last week, that is- we received an encrypted transmission from an unknown sender somewhere in southern Europe. They claimed that they had the Olympus Council in their possession, naming each one by legal name and both codenames, and finishing with a statement that they would act again soon. Those two assassins you ran into? We suspect that they're part of the same organization that sent the message." "Gaea," Percy breathed. "So they call themselves. We believe that they are indeed for the kidnapping of the members of the Olympus Council, and possibly indirectly responsible for the disappearance of our other leader, a man named Jason Grace. He disappeared exactly two days ago going to a secret meeting." She turned around a portrait on her desk, revealing a blond man- handsome, tall, with electric blue eyes and a scar on the corner of his lip. He looked oddly familiar despite the fact that Percy was convinced he had never known a Jason Grace in his life. He wanted to ask if this man was her boyfriend, but quickly dismissed that idea; though Reyna didn't have a gun to his face any more, he had to admit that she still scared the shit out of him. "And you believe my appearance here had something to do with it?" Percy asked, his curiosity finally besting his self-preservation. "That meeting place? It was in the middle of Willard Park, the very location where you allegedly woke up at noon." Percy's heartbeat sped up. He felt like he was on the verge of an epiphany but simply couldn't reach far enough into his addled brain. Finally he shook his head, deciding to continue. "I've already told you all I know. Now I want to know something you've been avoiding telling me this entire time: what the hell is this ?" he gritted, gesturing to the entire room. "I'm assuming you don't mean my sense of style," Reyna replied with her now-trademark dry smile. "You won't believe me." "Try me." "You're sitting in the office of the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation." Percy nearly fell out of his chair. "The fucking FBI? That organization was dissolved long before either of us had been born," he spat with conviction, though he had no idea how exactly he knew that . "Not exactly. Back in 2037 the FBI was officially disbanded- and for good reason, too- but Olympus secretly moved to keep a small branch underground for- well, let's say selfish purposes. You said Peter Evanston was your father, right? You should be able to figure it out." "Wait. You're telling me- you're telling me the FBI is where the members of Olympus send illegitimate children to hide their existence from the world?" "Bingo. As far as the outside world is concerned, people like you and I don't exist. The question, though, is how you've managed to acquire your set of skills without ever having been in this organization. I originally thought you were CIA; your fighting style and proficiency reminded me of those of an S-class agent, but there's only fifteen of them in the world, all known." "Hold on-" "My mother," she interrupted, still rambling- can she read minds?- "was Isabella Arellano, an associate of Olympus who went by Bellona . She's dead." A realization struck Percy. "So that's why you don't like going by your last name." Reyna bristled. "It's part of the reason. Spanish naming customs are pretty stupid, if you ask me. Anyways, back to you. I told Octavian to search for a Percy Jackson in various government databases with no results whatsoever. Afterwards, though, a thought came to me: since you apparently struggled to remember your own name, I realized that your legal name may not have been Percy at all. I need you to think hard; did you ever go by any other name?" She slid a small touchpad computer from her side of the desk to his, and he swallowed as he stared at the screen. In the middle sat a giant search bar. He typed in "Percy Jackson." Two seconds, zero results. He began typing his name again, but stopped after "P." What else could his name be? Wait. "You said the other director of this organization-" he paused, before continuing hesitantly- "was named Jason, right? Who were his parents?" Reyna's eyes widened. "Oh gods, his father was Jupiter, or Zeus to you. That makes you two cousins in a weird way, doesn't it?" Percy cringed at the thought of the blond pretty-boy on the desk being related to him, but he continued. "That's not what I was getting at. Zeus named his son Jason; that's the name of an ancient demigod hero, isn't it?" "The son of the actual god Zeus," she replied. "What if his younger brother followed suit?" Reyna's eyes slowly widened. "You don't think-" Percy grabbed the tablet, and with shaking hands, typed in, letter by agonizing letter: PERSEUS JACKSON. Reyna silently grabbed the device, pressing the enter button once. Two seconds. Then the tablet dropped straight from Reyna's hands onto the table. Percy picked it up, and on the screen: PERSEUS JACKSON, CIA. DIVISION: UNKNOWN CLASS (D, C, B, A, S): S And finally, three letters: C H B