human. She looks back down at the cat and answers, dumbfounded, "...It is a cat." "...Okay?" Frank seems confused, both by the bafflement in her voice and the fact of the cat in their apartment. "Where did it come from?" Hazel wonders the same thing. Then she looks up, to the shelf where they keep the cereal boxes, and the window directly next to it. The window that opens to a small alleyway between them and the next building over. The same window that, she remembers, had been open the night she found a certain siamese cat in her kitchen. Frank follows her line of sight, coming to the same conclusion. "It's a stray? Should we, uh, put up 'found' posters? Take it to the shelter?" "It's a cat ," Hazel says again. Frank stares at her. "It was a cat the whole time!" "Hazel," Frank begins carefully as she hauls herself to her feet, "are you feeling alright?" "No!" She pushes the cat into Frank's arms and turns to stomp away, repeating, "It's a cat! A cat !" Frank watches as she stops just past the refrigerator, doubling back to it. She grabs a pen and, with a flourish, writes Cheerios on the marketing list that's affixed there with a magnet. Then she stalks away again, all the way back to the bedroom, into which she disappears and slams the door behind her. Frank the Demigod and Frank the Cat are left in the kitchenette, together in silence. "So..." Frank the Demigod addresses his feline counterpart, "I missed something, didn't I?" Frank the Cat meows unhelpfully. . Deirdre smiles at the familiar golden-eyed girl who shuffles around the shop, accompanied by a tall, broad young man, who's scanning the shelves and consulting a small piece of paper in his hands. "Kitty kibble, litterbox sand, catnip— cat shampoo? There's shampoo for cats?" the young man reads off. "Do we need cat shampoo?" The golden-eyed girl shakes her head, but says, "Yes?" The two of them are awfully cute. They almost remind Deirdre of herself and Gerald, back in the day. She's sure she's seen the young woman before, too — hadn't she been by with her charming friend, some days ago? Yes, Deirdre remembers her. However, the details of the day they met were a little foggy. What had her name been? Harriet? "Where do we even find this stuff?" asks the young man. "I don't know," Harriet whines defeatedly. "Why does a pet store need to be so big, anyhow? It's worse than the Labyrinth in here." "Need help, dear?" Deirdre asks, causing the two of them to jump. They exchange a stunned glance with each other, as if shocked that she could sneak up on them. "Er, yes, please," says the young man. "Piper gave us this list of cat stuff, but—" "We're lost," finishes Harriet. No— she's called Hazel, isn't she? The name Piper is jogging Deirdre's memory. The specifics of the day they had met start coming back to her. Why had she forgotten, again? "Well, I can certainly help you out with that," she tells the pair, and gestures for them to follow her through the shop. As they go, she uses what she remembers to start some smalltalk; "So, how's Frank?" "What?" asks the young man, appearing a little startled. "Uh, I'm good. Thanks?" "She means the cat," Hazel whispers to her companion. "Frank the Cat is good too," he corrects himself instantly. "You share a name with her cat?" Deirdre inquires. The young man — Frank — wavers slightly, then nods. "Yeah, she, uh, she named him after me?" "How sweet," Deirdre coos, remembering that she had once named a fish after Gerald following his passing. "You two must be close." Hazel and Frank blush a little and give each other small, fond smiles. They really are adorable; Deirdre wants to adopt them on the spot. She tries not to give into the urge to pinch their cheeks, because she may be an old lady, but she's not that much of an old lady. She thinks she has a few years to go before she reaches that stage. After they've collected all they need and Deirdre is ringing them up, she comments, "I noticed you're back really soon. How did you say you got Frank, again?" Hazel's eyes widen at the question, darting to Frank and back. "W-well, I— he belonged to — Frank's grandfather?" "Who died!" adds Frank. "And I was asked to look after him—" "With me," says Hazel, "since we live together." "He's a kitten which is why he didn't have a name yet so Hazel named him Frank." "And we— we thought we would only be taking care of him for a little while?" "But we fell in love with him, so he's moved in," Frank finishes for her quickly. "Yes!" says Hazel, nodding frantically. "That's what happened." Frank and Hazel nod solemnly to each other. Deirdre opens her mouth to say something, but closes it. She remembers fully, now, the last time she had met Hazel, and she thinks it might be better to not ask her any questions. She still follows the two with her eyes as the leave the store, watching as they meet up with a boy in punk clothes and too-long hair at the edge of the parking lot. He looks like exactly the sort of person she would have warned her children away from, but Hazel grabs his hand like he's family and Frank follows suit. Deirdre blinks as she watches the three step towards a slim alley between buildings and almost seem to be absorbed by the shadows. Deirdre considers her options — calling someone, following them, doing anything at all to make sure that creepy boy hadn't just kidnapped them — but in the end she merely turns back to her work, although she can't shake the disquieted feeling in her chest. She just hopes Frank the Cat will be okay.