boots screamed in pain. K.C. and Rini looked as if they wanted to interfere, but didn't have the strength or courage to do so. " You going to kill me ?" Leo's character asked almost innocently. A small smirk appeared on Will's characters face. " Oh yeah, but you don't deserve to be treated in such a nice way, but I'm feeling kind today." Annabeth's and Piper's characters looked away, whipping their heads to not face the two guys. The camera was zoomed in on Will as a ball of light appeared in the pal of his hand. More screaming could be heard, only to indicate that he was applying more weight to his step. He turned his head only mere seconds before a choking scream filled the ears of all those watching and the small trace of blood splashed on Will's cheek. Seconds passed before the camera found the faces of the two actresses, sound had already been cut out, so all that could be heard was a slight sound of that high pitch note to add to the dramatic effect. … The last few minutes of the movie was them making their way back home, passing other dead bodies, pedestrians running and screaming, crying for loved ones, crying due to chaos. Narration fell over the sound mixed with slightly slowed down background noise from the background actors. Will's voice filled the theatre explaining how the world still fell into chaos, but more controlled chaos. He spoke about how the world took years to regain it's self-control. His voice slowly started to sound like a filter of an olden radio had been placed over it, giving it an almost depression-era-type feel. As the narration came to a halt, a wide birds-view angle slowly showed the mass destruction that was caused because of the fight. 'Everyone says that there's one more hero left' , Wills voice could be heard as the camera was back on them walking – Rini limping. The camera focused on Will from behind. ' But in all honestly ,' Will looks at the camera over his shoulder, stopping his pace to look directly at the camera, back slightly turned, ' there are no more heroes.' Nate continued on walking with his two friends as the screen turned to black and the theatre ruptured in applause with Sia's ' Alive' playing as the closing credits started to roll. The lights slowly started to come back on as the main cast and important crew members took a stand from the front row and bowed. The Director took the front once again and started to say a few words. After about a minute of 'thank you's and naming people who helped out with it, he smiled and said, "And I would love to thank the author of the book for writing such a wonderful work of art, whether they are here tonight or not. This was a project that the moment I picked up the book, I had to have, and I know all of you felt the same thing. This was a wonderful…" Right around there Nico started to tune out the speech, feeling his chest tighten around itself from what had just been said. He had heard it before, but something like this was something he never could have imagined no matter how hard he tried. He felt a small tear fall down his cheek and he picked his things up and started to get ready to head out. … When Nico got home, he threw his things on his bedroom floor and jumped belly first onto his bed. He face was captured in a smile from everything that had happened. From seeing his own work being turned into something as amazing as a movie was enough to start a fire in him, fueling his desire. Even the fact that he had literally ran into Will Solace while trying to get from place to place was something that added to the fact of his smile. He was feeling everything all at once and he couldn't stop it. He was sad that his father had to work and couldn't be there, but that was something he knew from the moment the date was released for the premiere – same thing goes for his step-mom. But really, he didn't care. Life was great and nothing could make it better, well maybe one thing. Thinking back on the night, he got the sudden urge to start a new book. His editor/manager had been getting on his tail for not having anything yet, not even a chapter, but now he had something. He went to his to pull out his notebook, the one where all his doodles and concept art for all the stories he'd done so far were kept, but when he rummaged through it, he came up empty handed. His heart sank. He dumped everything on his floor, tossing things aside only to come out with nothing. His notebook was gone. It had felt like a small piece of himself was missing. He sat at his computer trying to type, only getting some words out, but not at the pace he felt like he could have wrote if he still had his notebook. It broke him inside, but he still had a small bit of warmth left in him, so he used that to fuel his inner thoughts. …. After a couple of after-parties, Will found himself face first on his bed, suit scattered all along the floor. He was exhausted and he wanted to sleep. Just before he closed his eyes, he reached into his pocket and pulled out a small brown leather notebook and opened it. Without reading any of the words, he felt himself lost in this small little world that some boy named Nico had created with some ink and a pen. Will soon fell asleep with the book open on his bed, his hand always on the book at all times during the night.