into the movie and Annabeth had started snoring. Soft puffs of air came out of her mouth as she slept. The blue light from the movie cast over her, making her look soft, like she was under water. She was leaned against Percy's shoulder, not uncomfortably. Percy decided that he loved the way that she slept. That made him sound creepy. He didn't want to sound like he was moving too fast, he just met her, he looked at the clock, yesterday, but he was starting to develope the teeniest of crushes on her. Percy settled into the couch a bit more, careful not to wake Annabeth. The calming sounds of Finding Nemo and the soft light and the rhythm of Annabeth's breaths and the rain outside quickly lulled him to sleep. When Percy woke up, sunlight was streaming out the window. He was on the couch, by himself. The laptop blinked at him angrily, showing him that it was at nearly 0% battery after being left on all night without being connected to a powersource. That's right. There was a power outage. Percy stood and walked over to the nearest light. He flipped the switch. The lamp blinked to life. The power outage was over. Annabeth. There was no sign of her. She was gone. Wait. There's a note. Percy walked over to the kitchen counter. A note rested on the tile. Percy, Thanks for letting me stay here. I have eight o'clock classes today so I have to leave, but here is my number so you know where to reach me. 747-9224 Meet me at the Camp Cafe in the science area of the campus at 12. -Annabeth Percy smiled then looked at the clock. It was ten. He still had time. He got into the shower and took a quick shower and then put on boxers and dark wash jeans. He stood in front of his closet looking at his shirts. Which one do I wear? What? This is stupid. When have I ever cared about what I looked like. Just pick one. Just a random shirt. Percy closed his eyes and grabbed a plain white, crew neck t-shirt. He ran his hand through his hair a few times and then left the building, locking the door behind him. Once outside, he decided that it was a nice day and the science area was not too far from here and that he would walk. He started walking towards the campus, pausing to look into a few shops. He stopped by a flower shop and wondered if he should bring Annabeth anything. No, I shouldn't. It might just scare her away. She never said this was a date and she probably wants me to come as a friend. He moved on. Soon he was eating a croissant and sitting at one of the tables of the Camp Cafe. He was fifteen minutes early and so he opted to sit peacefully and people watch. He liked to create stories for the different people that he saw. The man running a briefcase and a poster of the empire state building was an architecture professor who went to the wrong classroom. The red head girl scowling at the man in the bowtie had been personally offended by him on many occasions. And the lady with five dogs was goin- His thoughts were interrupted when Annabeth sat in the seat across from him. "Aww. Isn't it customary to bring flowers on a first date?" Shit. Annabeth laughed. He must have said that out loud. Wait. Date? Date? Date! This was a date?! He looked up at Annabeth smiling at him. "Hi, oh, uh, I meant to, flowers, and...stuff." "You meant to flowers and stuff?" Annabeth mocked. Percy cleared his throat. "I meant to bring flowers, but I was, uh, running late." "Mmmm. Mmm hmm. Yeah, you didn't know that this was a date." Percy raised his eyebrows in surprise. Annabeth smiled. "I was being a little cryptic. I wanted to make sure you came. It doesn't have to be a date if you don't want it to be." Percy shook his head. "I definitely want it to be a date." This was the first time he had seen Annabeth sound uncertain, but at his words, she brightened up. "Well I am going to go inside and get some food. I'll be right back." Percy nodded. He watched her walk away. Her blond curls bounced with every step and she walked lightly on her feet. As she turned into the cafe she gave him a smile. He did an awkward little wave and smiled back. He knew it was early. It was the second day that he knew her, and it was their first date, but he felt like he and Annabeth were good together. Annabeth made him happier just by being around. She made him forget all of the bad things in his life and just focus on the good things. Like Finding Nemo. Blue chocolate chip cookies. Swimming. Nice weather like today's. She was the best anger relief if there ever was one. A/N: This fic was based off of an au that I got off of tumblr. I am not going to write it all out because it is kind of long, but the gist of it is that person a is in the gym punching things because they are angry and then person b taps them on the shoulder and gets socked. I thought it would be fun. It was. I am sorry for the mediocre ending, but where I am it is getting late and I wanted to finish it tonight. I have very limited concentration and I knew that if I stop typing I would most likely never finish this story. Please fave, follow, and review. I will probably be writing at least one story a week until my creative juices start flowing again and I can finish my fic Live a Little. See you soon! ~skulls_surround_suns