in surprise. Percy blinked. "What are you talking about?" "Just look at him," she said, waving in his direction. "I keep expecting him to pass out every time we do this. It isn't good for him." "I'm fine," Nico said quickly, waving his hands as if to prove Annabeth was being crazy. Percy slowly turned as if in a daze and squinted at Nico. It was if he were looking at him carefully for the first time in weeks. "Oh," he said quietly. Nico felt very in the spotlight as Percy drank in the sight of his skin's sickly pallor and the clashing inky circles ringing his eyes. " Oh ," said Percy again, frowning heavily. "We can't keep doing this," Annabeth repeated. "We won't summon you as often," Percy promised. "We'll wait a few days in between so Nico can rest." "I'm fine ," Nico insisted again. Annabeth shook her head. "No, Percy. I mean it. We can't keep doing this ." "Yes we can," said Percy. "We'll just be more careful." "I'm asking for my sake," she said. "You have to let me go." "Annabeth…." "I was at peace, Percy. I was okay with being dead. This…this makes it not okay. It hurts to keep getting yanked back here and reminded of what I lost. It makes being dead hurt." Percy didn't know what to say to that. "Annabeth…" " Please, " Annabeth implored. "For my sake and yours. This isn't good for any of us." "I can't—" "I've never heard of something Percy Jackson couldn't do." Annabeth gave him a sad smile. "This is the last one, Seaweed Brain. I'm not answering any more summons. I'd better not see you again until you're 102." "Just—" "Don't let him be an idiot." Her last comment was directed at Nico. He'd barely shook his head in agreement before she vanished. This time Percy didn't cry. Instead an eerie stillness settled on him as he stared blankly at the now empty yard. Awkward as it had been Nico would have preferred the waterworks. Percy's current mood reminded him of cliché comments about calm waters before a hurricane. "I'm sorry," Nico immediately apologized, expecting Percy to blame him for Annabeth's decision. "I'm really sorry. I should have—I should have taken more naps or something—we can keep trying. Maybe she didn't mean it—maybe she'll change her mind. I mean—" "It's not your fault," Percy said. "I'm the one that needs to apologize. I wasn't being considerate to how this was affecting you." "I always look terrible," Nico said self-depreciatingly. "I'm powerful enough to handle multiple summonings. You shouldn't make assumptions about my powers from my stupid appearance. I could have handled this." "You don't look terrible," Percy countered. "But I wasn't talking about the physical toll. I know you could handle it. I haven't been very considerate about your feelings." Nico's heart nearly stopped. Did. Percy. Know ? "Uh…" was all Nico managed to get out. "I knew how you felt about Annabeth and I still made you do this for me over and over again. I know I was being harsh. I—I needed to. But I'm sorry for it." "Wait, no," Nico said in dismay. "I don't have those kind of feelings for Annabeth. I never—" "You don't have to pretend to spare me," Percy interrupted. "I get it. It's okay." "Uh, you don't get it at all, actually." "Thanks for doing so much for me." Percy surprised Nico in a crushing hug. For the second time in so many minutes Nico thought for sure his heart was going to freeze in his chest. "You have my permission to ask her out when she's back," Percy announced. " What ?" Surely Nico must have heard that wrong. "What are you talking about? What the hell do you mean back ?" Percy didn't answer. He'd already taken off at a run for the house. Nico sprinted after but Percy was fast. He heard a door slamming inside, and the sound of water running. The bathroom door was locked when he tried it. Percy didn't usually lock any of the doors. "Percy, open the door!" Nico banged loudly. Percy didn't answer him. Instead he heard the sound of something metallic plinking against porcelain. "Iris," came Percy's muffled voice through the door. "I need to talk to Hades. Please tell him it's an emergency." "Percy, no !" yelled Nico. He shoved himself into the nearest shadow he could find, remerging in the bathroom just in time to see his father's reflection solidifying in the bathtub. "I don't usually answer Iris-messages," said Hades, with a tone implying that his patience was already worn thin. "But you've been causing quite a bit of discord in my domain recently, Percy Jackson. It's starting to annoy me. This had better be good." "I'd like to make a soul exchange," Percy announced boldly. Hades rolled his eyes. "Is that so." "Yes," said Percy, not put off by Hades' attitude. "I've cheated death lots of times. I'm a fair trade for Annabeth Chase." Hades stared in silence at Percy. He seemed aware of his son's presence in the room but didn't acknowledge him. "I—" began Hades. "I'm sorry!" yelled Nico, not sure who he was apologizing to, Percy or his dad. He unsheathed his sword and brought it crashing down on the bathtub. The Iris-message terminated as the porcelain exploded and water went everywhere. "No!" cried Percy. He whipped around and swung at Nico. He wasn't really aiming or putting his real force into it though and Nico easily dodged. "How could you," Percy gasped, swinging blindly again. "I need to do this! He might not answer again! That might have been my only—" Percy stopped struggling and switched to fumbling in his pockets, probably searching for another drachma. Nico panicked. He grabbed Percy's arm and yanked him out of reach of the faucets. That didn't seem nearly safe enough though so he yanked him again. Right into a shadow.