Alexis's giggles to subside. When they did, he stood up out of the bay window and held out his hand, walking her back to her bedroom. After she was safely tucked into her blankets and clutching her Mickey Mouse doll, Mr. Jackson kissed his little girl's forehead and backed up towards the door. " I love you, daddy," Alexis yawned. Mr. Jackson smiled. "I love you too, Alix. Goodnight, sweetheart." With the door shut, Mr. Jackson peeked in through the door across the hall, glad to see a second bundle of blankets and a four-year old curled up and fast asleep. He kicked a boy's teeball jersey out of the doorway and shut that door as well. "So there are two kids?" Frank asked. "Dang, that's quite a handful." Just as he was settled back into the bay window, he heard a door in the hallway open and close, and the sound of wheels dragging against carpet, and his heart sank. He turned to see yet another figure leave the hallway, this time much taller and more post-pubescent. " What was that shrieking noise I heard earlier?" the newcomer asked in a voice that Mr. Jackson attributed to silky honey. Annabeth more attributed the voice to a well-worn woman who'd seen much in her life. " Alix found a spider in her room," he explained. "We talked for a little while and then I sent her back to bed." " Shouldn't you be in bed as well?" the newcomer inquired. Mr. Jackson shrugged. "I couldn't sleep." He opened his arms towards the figure, feeling much more miserable than when his daughter was talking instead. The figure left the box-shaped item at her feet and stepped forward into the light of the storm. It was a woman. Her long blonde hair was scattered into a tangled curtain down to her elbows, and her grey eyes reflected the storm minutely. She stepped forward into Mr. Jackson's embrace and curled into his lap, much the same as the smaller girl had done before her. No one said a word, but Annabeth could feel all eyes on her. Mr. Jackson stroked the blonde curls, pressing a small kiss against the woman's hair. They sat in silence for several minutes, until the woman spoke up. " Percy…" she whispered, "you know I have to go." "So it is Percy," Calypso mumbled. "Which means that that blonde woman must be you, Annabeth." Annabeth said nothing, but stared down at the stereo, watching the tape roll from one side to the other. " That doesn't mean I want you to go," Mr. Jackson replied. The woman sat up and looked him straight in the eye. "If I don't, she will come. I've pushed this off for long enough. Too much more, and she will get angry. She'll come, and not even my mother will be able to stop her from killing you, Alix, and Damon." "Who's 'she'?" Leo asked. "Gaia?" "No," Rachel muttered. "Something tells me it's someone else." "Whoever it is, it's threatening Annabeth and Percy," Grover growled. " But Annabeth—" " No," the woman interrupted. "I'm sorry, Percy, but I have to do this. For your sake as well as the kids'." Percy sighed, resting his forehead on Annabeth's shoulder. He didn't answer right away, instead taking her hand and bringing it to his lips, kissing her knuckles. He stared thoughtfully into the gold bands on her finger, unconsciously fiddling with the single one on his own finger. Annabeth flexed her hand, rubbing the spot where a wedding ring would be with her thumb. " Alright," he sighed finally. "Fine. But just promise me one thing." " What?" He looked up and pressed his hand to her cheek, staring forlornly into the two miniature storms that stared back. His forehead touched hers, and he whispered, "Promise you'll come back." " Percy—" " Just promise me," he insisted, knowing full well how tall of an order that was, especially for them. Out of the corner of her eye, Annabeth noticed Percy pull his eyebrows together in worry. She reached for his hand and he held tight to it like it was a lifeline. She smiled, and sealed the agreement with a kiss. " I promise." And with that, Percy watched as the most important woman in his life picked up her suitcase and walked out the door. Percy's grip on Annabeth's hand tightened, and she bit her lip. Meanwhile, in another room, Alix jumped up at a particularly loud crack of thunder. She scowled at her window, her mouth twisting into something that made her look like she'd just bitten into a lemon, and smacked her hand against the glass. Leo laughed. "Percy and Annabeth's kid or not, she's got spunk. I like her." With the next bout of lightning, she jumped, noticing a tiny scuttling black shape against her wall, and curled into a ball. She opened her mouth to scream, but then paused. Alexis Lucia Jackson. Brave defender of people. She frowned at the tiny shape, and said, "Stupid spider! My daddy said I'm brave! I'm not afraid of you!" And with that, she brought her hand onto the black intruder with a sickening slap. And the spider was reduced to a black smudge on her blue-green walls. Annabeth wrinkled her nose in disgust. Alix smirked, wiped her hand on her jacket by her bed, and went back to sleep. After that, a more metallic, automatic, older woman's voice like you hear on automated phone calls said, "Please play side two." [STOP] So yeah. There's the real basic background. Hopefully with you guys knowing a bit more in the beginning, it won't be as difficult for me to juggle so many secrets. And in the next chapter, you'll partially find out why I never mentioned Damon before. REMINDER: MY ACCOUNT IS CLUTTERED AND I'M SWITCHING TO A DIFFERENT ACCOUNT WITH THE USERNAME ANDICONVERSEHOODIES. IF YOU WANT TO FIND ME OR MORE CHAPTERS, SEARCH THAT.