with Will. They just stared at each other until Will made the first move. "May I?" he asked. "What nice manners," Nico muttered under his breath while turning his head, looking away from Will's gaze. Will looked down at Nico's wrist and took it in his hands, turning it ever so slightly to see what was there. When he looked, his eyes grew twice in size. He tried to open his mouth and say something, but nothing came out. "Didn't know you were gay, Solace," Luke joked. "I'm not, asshole," he shot back. Will looked back at Nico and swallowed. He seemed nervous. "Di Angelo, right?" he asked. Nico nodded. "So you've been hiding this for a year? Why?" he asked again. Nico shrugged, "Didn't exactly want to get involved with all this, so I stayed away. Not like it was easy to hide such an obvious number, you know?" Will looked surprised and… hurt? "Anyway, as you just said, you're not gay and neither am I, so I just stayed away and hid," and with that, Nico walked away from a stunned group of teens. Nico didn't even make it all the way through lunch before he started to hear people talking about Will finding the other X. Rumours were already starting to popup that weren't even close to true. Some were about a model while others were more true saying it was a boy in the freshman class, but none were true. It wasn't till after lunch that all the rumours settled down and the truth bubbled to the top and people were starting to look at Nico with judgmental eyes. …. After grabbing his flute (Nico didn't care how unmanly it made him look, he liked the flute), he sat in the section and started tuning. He didn't even make it ten seconds in until the other flute players bombarded him with questions. He just sat there, confused. "Is it true that you've been hiding your undying love for Will because he could never love you back?" a dark haired girl asked. "What?" Nico asked. "Was it that you were secretly dating Annabeth behind Percy's back and you two stopped being friends when you two got your numbers?" said a blonde. "Wait, no!" Nico answered. "Is it true you two had a one-night stand after you found out your number and that's why you two ignored each other until now because of it?" a curly haired redhead asked. "What does that even mean?" More questions came at him, the next one more crazy than the last. He thought he was screwed until the conductor walked out and told the class to take out Pavane . With that, the class began. ….. Because he got a double class of band today, they played through the five minute brake that was given to switch classes. Their brake was usually given later, most of the time they got it after the song they were playing. By the time they got their brake, Nico was out of breath. He didn't mind the sound of the song Lord of the Dance (the new one they got), but god was it fast. They had to play in the auditorium because of classes over lapping, so when they went on brake Nico just rested back in his chair, examining the upper stage area. He was about to close his eyes when he spotted a mop of blonde hair at the back entrance. He shot up and ran over, hoping no one is watching him. When he got to the top, Will was standing there. "What the hell are you doing here?!" Nico shot at him, trying to keep his voice down. "You guys are good. I liked the last one," he smiled at Nico, leaning on the rail. "I don't care about what you think. Why are you here?" he asked again. "'Got English. Double. It sucks. Last part of it is study block, so I'm 'studying'," he quoted. Nico asked a dumb question, "What are you studying?" Will looked at him and smiled, "You." "That's creepy," Nico informed. "Well, I have a whole year to make up for, you know?" "God you're weird. What's wrong with you?" Nico asked harshly. "Nothing really. I just want to get to know the guy I'm supposed to spend the rest of my life with," he shot Nico that sunny smile that seemed to light up the room. Down on the stage, everyone was gathering again to get ready to play. Nico was about to leave, but Will had the same thought. He looked at his watch and scratched the back of his neck and sighed. "Only told the teacher I'd be gone for a few minutes . Crap!" Will looked at Nico and stopped rubbing the back of his neck and smiled down. Nico was confused. Everything about this guy was confusing and he wasn't ready to learn about it. "Better late than never, I guess," Will mumbled then looked Nico dead in the eyes. "What does that even mea-" he didn't even finish before Will kissed the top of his head, said he had to go and ran off back to class. By the time Nico got back to his seat, he was beginning to get asked a bunch of questions because apparently they had seen him with Will and he wanted to crawl into a hole and die. "Why do the gods hate me so much?" he asked, wishing he could be saved, and strangely enough, he would even take Luke running in to save him. Was he ever going to live this down? Hope you enjoyed it. I already know where I'm heading for this one. Spoil alert, it's gonna be super cheesy so get ready! Like to say thanks to my editor, Juliana. Thank you for putting up with my shitty grammer and I'd like to say thank you to all of y'all for sticking to the end. THANK YOU! Kitty out!