as my wounds healed. The biggest change probably came from my father's influence. He was such a kind, chivalrous god, it rubbed off on me. I was always kind and polite to anyone who I spoke to, regardless of who they were. Ilex took my hand and got to her feet, then pulled me out of my room and towards father. Even after eight weeks the palace still took my breath away. Pale golden marble pillars held up ceilings of gold. The walls were a deeply colored hardwood, carved with scenes of nature and animals. The floors were white marble streaked with veins of gold, polished to a mirror sheen. Many rooms filled the palace, each devoted to an interest of my father. There was a library I'm sure even Lady Athena would be jealous of. A music room, filled with every instrument in human -or godly- history. A gallery of paintings and sculptures from every culture and every era. Rooms filled with fountains, rooms filled with wind chimes, rooms filled with only candles floating in seas of darkness. Anything that peaked my father's interest got a room in his palace. Ilex led me to the observatory, my favorite room in the palace. She shouldered open the fifteen foot tall doors, and I followed after. The room was a perfect circle, surrounded by twelve pillars, each carved with a symbol of zodiac. The ceiling, unlike the rest of the palace, was black marble. Currently displayed were a set of galaxies in high detail. Around the edge of the rooms were star charts linked to the magical ceiling; touching part of the sky on the charts would cause it to appear in detail above. In the center of the room was my father, currently studying the two galaxies circling each other hungrily. "Hello Percy, Ilex. I am glad you could come." He didn't look down from the night sky, waving his hand to summon three chairs. The chairs he summoned for Ilex and me were plush and soft, while his own was a simple wooden chair. They were seated around an oval table, inlaid with gold in my father's symbol: an eight-pointed star. I pulled Ilex's chair out for her, and tucked it in after she was seated. Quietly I switched my father's chair with mine, and sat on the wooden seat. Aurelius finally turned to us and sat down, then a look of confusion passed over his face, before he looked to me. "Very humorous, Percy. Why do you always do that?" "You have shown me more kindness than I ever expected to receive in life. I dislike how poorly you treat yourself by comparison." Two months with him had also increased my grammar beyond most seven year-olds. My father just chuckled, then snapped his fingers so we were all sitting in plush chairs. "Percy, I have a choice for you that will decide your future." "What is it father?" Ilex looked worried, but didn't say anything. "This is the fact of the matter, Percy: With Poseidon as your sire, and my own power in your veins, you are a very powerful demigod. You have two choices before you, my son." "Poseidon is no father to him." Ilex hissed. After hearing how her 'little brother' had been treated due to Poseidon's neglect, she had developed a hatred for the Sea God. "I agree with Ilex," I said softly; my voice had never really recovered. "You are my father, not him." "As much as it warms my heart to hear that, the fact remains that he sired you. His power is still in your blood, making you a child of the Big Three of Olympus. Technically, you are not supposed to exist. I explained to you the oath they swore, remember?" I did indeed remember. That my sire broke an unbreakable pact, only to abandon me and my mother as unwanted mistakes, only increased my hatred of the god. "Yes, I remember." "So your influence has a direct effect on the world. I give you two choices, and I will leave them up to you. Firstly, you may stay here in my palace forever. I can grant you eternal life, just shy of immortality, and we can spend our days in peace, as a family." The offer was very kind. I wanted something just like that for as long as I can remember, and to have it so close was tempting. But then I would be abandoning the world to the monsters, which my father told me hunt all demigods. "What is the second choice, father?" He smiled at me. "The second choice is for me to train you, to shape you into the greatest hero to ever live, so that you will be able to help all you come across, and change the world. What do you choose?" I was conflicted. On the one hand, here was a chance to live in peace, forever, with a family who loved me more than anything. On the other hand, here was an opportunity to make a difference, a chance to save others who were like me, possibly abandoned by the gods, left alone in the world to fend for themselves. I knew my father would support any choice I made, but to me, there was really only one path for me to take. I looked my father straight in the eyes. "I wish to become the greatest hero to ever live." He smiled, and I knew he was proud beyond words. Line break A/N: So here's the prologue (and the longest single chapter I've ever written.) I'm going to point out, right now, this is not a Chaos story. He won't be recruited by Aethyr, he won't become a primordial assassin, it's pretty much just an AU story involving the characters from PJatO. I intend to include some pairings a few chapters on, but haven't decided on any final pairings. So please, leave a review, and I hope you enjoyed the story.