away. He didn't. Simply holding hands in public might have been something most people would take for granted, especially with a newly established relationship, but the significance wasn't lost on Will. He knew how skittish Nico was about physical contact. That Nico already felt comfortable enough with him to let him touch him so much flooded Will with warmth. "Is this also for medical reasons?" Nico asked with a smirk, nodding his head towards their hands. "Nope." "Good." They finished walking the rest of the way to the lake and sat down on an overturned canoe. Nico kept his grasp on Will's hand, even when they came into close range of the other campers. Most people didn't even notice them but they did get a curious stare or two. Nico returned the errant looks with challenging glares. They sat in companionable silence for a few minutes, staring out at the water. "Where were you planning on going if you'd left camp for good?" Will broke the silence with a question that had been bothering him for the past few days. He knew that Nico didn't have a mortal home to return to if he left Camp Half-Blood's protection. It wasn't like Will, who had a mom and a comfortable house to fall back on when he left Long Island. Nico shrugged. "Anywhere. The Underworld, mostly." He said it casually, like 'The Underworld' was the most normal answer in the world. "Do you like it better there than up here?" Will asked. It was pretty difficult for Will to comprehend anyone preferring The Underworld to living above ground—the very thought of being stuck down there made him feel pretty depressed. Of course, Will knew he was a bit more biased towards sunlight than your average person—whereas if anyone would find the Underworld preferable, Nico would certainly be the one. But still. Imagining Nico permanently confined to his dad's domain, completely cut off from fresh air and light and other living people bothered Will. Nico might be better adapted to that environment than others, but that didn't mean it was actually healthy for him to spend all his time like that. Will felt pretty strongly on that matter. He was prepared to argue with Nico if he disagreed. Nico took a while to think about it before answering. "I feel like I belong down there," he said. "I like that about it. It's less stressful. But otherwise, no. It's also fairly boring." "You belong here too," Will said automatically. He was both relieved by Nico's answer and saddened. He wished Nico didn't feel quite so adamant that he was an outcast. It didn't seem to matter how many times he refuted the claim, he could never get the point entirely through to him. Nico snorted. "Of course you'd say that." "Because it's true ," insisted Will. "That hasn't been my past experience," said Nico. "But who knows. I'm giving it another try. Maybe things will be different." He turned away from the water and shot Will a nervous smile. Will ran his thumb over Nico's knuckle and squeezed his hand. "I think it will be." "You have an optimism problem." "I can think of worse problems to have." "That's entirely a matter of opinion." "My opinions are usually right," Will said confidently. "I beg to disagree." Nico shoved Will with his elbow. "Your opinions are usually just strong. That's all. You mistake conviction for accuracy. You're just stubborn." "You shouldn't disagree," Will said, unperturbed by the insult. "I'm impeccably accurate. For example, I have the strong opinion that you are extremely awesome. Don't you dare try to argue with me." "I could very easily argue that," said Nico quietly. "I don't really understand why you think so." "I'd say, 'are you blind?' but I know you're not 'cause I checked you out myself." Will snorted. "Where do you want me to start? You're only one of the smartest people I've ever met. And crazy brave. And totally hot. I can't believe someone as amazing as you likes me." Nico was staring at his knees, his overgrown hair falling into his eyes. It wasn't long enough though to completely hide the blush spreading across his cheeks. "Shut up," he muttered. "I'm not. You don't have to make things up like that. I already said yes. Both to you and to staying. You don't have to convince me of anything." "I'm not trying to convince you of anything." Will leaned back. The sunbaked metal of the canoe was hot against the backs of his arms. He shifted his weight so that he could wrap one around Nico. The smaller demigod leaned into the casual embrace. "Just telling it like it is." Although he was staring out at the broken sunlight glimmering on the lake he could feel Nico's eyes on him. He slowly dropped his gaze down to meet them. "You're actually serious," Nico muttered with a shake of his head. "Always." Will smiled affectionately at him. "You're crazy," sighed Nico. "But I guess that's a good thing." He looked up at Will appreciatively. "And you're not so bad yourself, you know." "Well, duh." Will's smile crept back into a grin. "I have to agree with you wholeheartedly there." He laughed. "You have excellent taste." Nico lightly socked Will in the bicep. "Dork." "You're gonna have to come up with a better nickname for me than that, Death Boy." "What would you rather me call you? Nurse?" Nico snickered. Now it was Will's turn to feel his cheeks reddening. That had definitely backfired. "No!" he said, unable to think of a good retort fast enough. "Shut up." "Okay," Nico agreed. He yanked Will towards him and met his lips. Will closed his eyes and returned the kiss. Pretty much everyone who had been down at the lake was staring at them now. But neither Will nor Nico even noticed. They didn't notice anyone except each other for the rest of the afternoon. The End