what was happening. All of our eyes widened. "Marisol Castillo, I've been in love with you for more than five years, but I finally asked you out three and a half years ago. I love you're little sister like she was my little sister as well. Her best friend Andy, is all but part of the family too. I'd make a perfect big brother, and gaurdian for them. You can't do this all by yourself and I just want to know, will you marry me?" Alec continued, pulling the little velveteen box from his pocket. Marisol's eyes watered, and she squeezed his hands tightly. " Are you gonna kiss me or not? Are we gonna do this or what? I think you know that I love you a lot. I think we have a real good shot... " she sang, quoting "their song" " Are you gonna kiss me or not? " Alec finished, standing up, and sliding the ring on her finger. They kissed and Andy and I applauded. Nico remained indifferent. "I think it's time to go home you guys," Nico said. "Yeah, we need to get to camp half blood," Alec agreed. "How are we gonna get there?" Andy asked. "Well, I can shadow travel," Nico and Marisol said at the same time. "Ok, so, Alec can go with Marisol, Nico, could you take me and Sof?" Andy reasoned. "Sure," he muttered. "Ok, let's just pop right outside the border," I said. "Ok," everyone chorused. I grabbed Nico's hand, and Andy took his other one. I saw Alec take Marisol's hand as well. The room was already pretty dark, so we just evaporated into the shadows. I closed my eyes, and when I opened them again, we were on the borderline of camp. I turned to Nico grudgingly. "We're still pretending to be a couple for camp, just roll with it," I muttered to him. I kept his hand in mine, and scooted closer to him as we made our way to the Big House. We walked through the door, and I let go of him instantly. "Hello, who do you have here?" Chiron asked when he noticed us. "We have Alec Diaz, son of Eros, Marisol Castillo, daughter of Nyx, and Andrea otherwise known as Andy Jones, daughter of Zues," I told him. His eyes widened. "Andrea?" He asked her. "Yes, Chiron. The dead Andrea, from before Thalia. I never died, I just went into hiding and altered the Mist," She announced. "Child, it is such a relief to see you," he declared. Then he actually looked at me and Nico. His smile deepened into a frown. "May I talk to you two in private ?" he asked us. We nodded. Then Chiron addressed the others. "You all know where you're cabins are correct?" he asked them. They all nodded. "Good. Off with you all now. Nico, Sofia, follow me," he said. We followed him into his office. "What have you two done?" He asked us. "About what?" Nico asked. "Piercings? And I bet one of you got a tattoo as well?" he asked us. "Chiron, it was my idea. I just needed a friend to go with me," I said, taking all the blame. "Ah, so what damage did you do?" he asked, in a dissapointed and interested fasion. "Um, two ear piercings, navel piercing and um... a tatt," I muttered. "Of what?" he asked. "A chained heart, with a padlock," I whispered. "And Mr. di Angelo?" he asked. "Lip piercing," he muttered indifferently. "I suppose it would be quite unfair to punish you, considering you had permission to leave. But I am very dissapointed in you, it won't happen again," Chiron said. "Yes sir," Nico and I chorused. "You are dismissed," Chiron announced. Nico and I walked back to the cabins, and went our seperate ways. I went into my bathroom, and pulled on my pjs. A way too big white tee shirt, and I'm one of those girls that sleeps in a bra, so I put my absolutely no support whatsoever black bra on as well. I pulled off my shoes, necklace, and gloves too. I walked out, to find my bed occupied. None other than Nico di Angelo was sitting on my bed, in his black pajama pants. "di Angelo? What are you doing here?" I asked him. "Oh, so now we're just on a last name basis? Well Castillo, I'm here to apologize," he said arrogantly. "Ok, apologize. Just let me in my own bed first?" I asked him, now very tired from the sugar rush. "Fine," he muttered, moving out of the way. I crawled into bed, and covered up, Nico was laying on the side closest to the wall. "Thank you," I murmured. "Welcome. Ok, so about the kisses and the being an ass, I'm sorry. I I didn't realize until today how strong my feelings towards you were. I'd like to know if you still want to be my friend?" he asked, after apologizing. "Sure. Just keep you're hormones in check," I murmured, nodding off. "I promise," he whispered in my ear as I fell asleep. So, how did you guys like it? Well, review please, and I'll post the next chap as soon as I can. I don't own Low by Flo Rida, Are You Gonna Kiss Me or Not by Thompson Square, Ipod, or any other thing I may have mentioned in this chapter. Here's a list of Spanish words you may not know! mis amigos - my friends oración - statement días - days cabrón - bastard siento - sorry chico - boy tonto - stupid dice me - tell me Hay cochino! - You pig! novia - girlfriend perfecto - perfect Si - yes camisa - shirt Feliz cumple-anos hermana - Happy birthday sister Muchos gracias hermanita - Thank you so much little sister El quien tiene la llave puedo abrir mi corazon - He who has the key can unlock my heart ~Sk8