blaze through his mind, and he remembers being able to manipulate poison to his bidding. Something inside of him jumps as it tries to warn him, tries to remind him of what Annabeth told him that very same day. " Some things aren't meant to be controlled ," she'd said after begging him to show mercy. But he can't. Not now. Not when he sees blood-caked claws struggling to remove his hands, or the images of her bloodied on the ground behind him play out against his eyelids each time he blinks. An ugly, ugly feeling has control of him. He's given up the reigns to his emotions. He hears Annabeth whimpering as she struggled to move her injured body. He wants to call for her to stay still, to wait for Blackjack to show up and take her back to camp, the infirmary, or a hospital . But he can't manage to say her name without losing the fight in him, and letting the stupid empousa put him out of commission, too. The fire inside of him surges, twisting his gut and filling him with a hatred so intense, the heat inside of him goes ice cold. Or, in fact, so hot, he's beginning to lose sense of feeling. He imagines the monster's mind, sitting in her skull. He imagines the fluid cradling her most vital organ. In his imagination, he watches it bubble. Slowly. Then, sizzle, until it's boiling. He imagines it gets hotter and hotter until it's unbearable. The heat inside of him is transferred into her skull, until he can see that it has actually taken effect. Her skin heats up, her eyes water, blood leaks from her ears and nose. Percy is melting her mind. The terror in her eyes should horrify him, but he's sick . He's gratified to know she's suffering. He thinks again of Annabeth, of the flesh of her neck and chest being ripped open. Of her blood spilling onto the unworthy asphalt beneath her. His hands around the beast's throat pulse, gripping with everything he has. The image of her brain inside of his mind is repulsive and grisly and it only gets worse, until the empousa's body quakes in seizure-like fits. " Percy, no! " Annabeth gurgles. He can hear her trying to get up, but she's too weak. She's losing blood, and if Blackjack doesn't get here soon, Percy thinks he might just lose his mind. "Stop... this—this isn't you!" But it is , he thinks. Akhyls can attest to that. He stopped being himself the second he realized everything in this gods forsaken world was out to get him and everyone he loved. The empousa jerks in another spasm. Her words are slurred. "Percy, you're good . D—Don't do this. Please, don't do this. Pick up Riptide..." The wrath rocketing inside of him certainly doesn't feel good . It shoots up both of his arms, feeding off of the monster's suffering. It wells up in his chest, squeezing his lungs, knowing the excruciating pain Annabeth has to be in. How close she is to losing too much blood. But his grip slackens, because he turns his head, and now that he sees her, the look in her eyes drives rational thought back into his mind. He can't do this to her again. She needs him right now, and he's a selfish, sorry excuse for a boyfriend to deem his revenge more important. Quick as a gunshot, he drops to a crouch, lunging for his discarded sword. The empousa clumsily gasps for breath, but Percy doesn't give her a moment to recoup before he's slashing through her with his magical bronze. She burst into a cloud of yellow. Choking back the acrid stench, he wipes his blurring eyes as he falls to his knees beside Annabeth. The pavement digs into his kneecaps and rips holes into his jeans. Her breaths are fluttering, but she slides her arms around his neck as a different kind of sting takes over his eyes. "Y—you're better than your anger, Percy," she whispers into his neck, knowing exactly the kind of internal struggle he's faced since their walk through Hell, and the tears leak out of his eyes. "I'm so sorry," he rasps, because how could he? She hushes him, fingers trailing through his hair and gripping hard. Steady. The anger that purged from him is long gone, leaving chills and the ghost of a burning sensation tickling the inside of his skin. He shivers, again and again, teeth chattering. He's never felt this cold. The sound of hooves clopping onto the street breaks through to them, and Percy calls for Blackjack. There's a fanny pack slung around the horse's thick neck, something Blackjack vehemently protested at first, before Percy could convince him how much it would mean for him to carry it around. Percy digs in immediately once he's close enough, fingers quickly locating a Ziploc baggy and tearing it out to bring to Annabeth's lips. He feeds the ambrosia into her mouth as Blackjack shoots off questions into his mind, rapid-fire. "I'll explain everything after she's okay, please, let's just go." Blackjack agrees immediately, and Percy helps Annabeth up onto the horse, trying not to disturb her inflamed wounds—this one will leave a scar, for sure. Knowing she's in disgusting amounts of pain absolutely rips him up inside, but she's strong. And he knows that if they can get her some medical attention or a healer, she'll pull through, because she always does for him. He dusts a kiss over her forehead, trying not to fall apart before she's able to stitch him back together. Gods, he doesn't know who he'd become without her. "Hang in there, Wise Girl," he chokes out once they take off. "You're strong enough for both of us." Yeah this was written for Rachel's (somethingmorecreative) birthday which was in JULY and I've just finished it now. I am so sorry if you've endured this mess. IOU.