that Sally won't give up so easily. Her boss laughs a musical sound. "He was never good at hide-and-seek growing up." She gestures to a lone hand reaching out stealthily from behind a group of people to a table full of blue, snowflake cupcakes. "Percy!" she calls in amusement. The hand freezes. "Caught blue-handed," Frank mutters under his breath. Annabeth spares a halfhearted glare, wondering if she could sneak off to the bathroom before anyone noticed she'd fled. The thought dies as soon as Sally's delicate fingers circle her wrist and tug her toward that lone hand, which has now grown a body, slinking out from behind a group of people Annabeth knows to be some of Sally's most loyal customers. Her eyes start at his feet, and as they slowly work their way up (not admiring what she's taking in, of course not), she comes into contact with a face that's—Well, with a face she's seen before, even if it doesn't immediately hit her. At first she's not sure where she's seen him, but when those soft green eyes meet hers, widening comically in response, she's bombarded with memories of a late night in a strange apartment with a glorious man cradled between her legs. He stumbles backwards, catching himself on the very table that had blown his cover. But there's no way. None. "Annabeth, this is my son Percy. Percy, Annabeth." Something Jackson has a name, and it's goddamn familiar. Fuck. He clears his throat before thrusting a hand out; she finds it sweaty when she shakes it. "It's a pleasure," he says, his throat working around the word. "Pleasure's mine," she says, equally struggling, because yes it was and always is when it comes to him. Percy seems to read her thoughts, as his throat bobs. The look Sally shares between them is nothing less than hopeful against all odds, and Annabeth swears she sees wedding bells and baby's rattles in the gleam of her eyes. Despite her shock, the most pressing feeling that descends upon her is internal annoyance, red hot frustration, because how in the fuck did she not make that connection? She shoots Sally a glance, one she hopes says "Please give me some privacy to get to know your son," rather than, "I already have and it was earth-shattering." Sally winks, not so slyly, and backs away with a grin. "I have to go feed cousin Robby, I don't think he's eaten anything yet." She says it like it's a sin, and with her, Annabeth might just believe it. Percy's hand wraps around her elbow, leading her into an empty pocket of space by those blue cupcakes. He eyes them, before turning to her, shock coating his features like a second skin. "You never said you knew my mom." Annabeth scoffs. "Before this, I hardly knew your name, let alone who your mom was." "Yeah, yeah," he sighs, running his fingers through his hair. She hopes it's not obvious that her eyes follow the movement, wishing she could do the same, at least one more time. "I wasn't prepared for this from any angle. Although I can't say it's miserable to see you in person again." She ignores the sudden weightlessness in her chest. "You... all along?" This guy isn't rotten perfection. He's never once made her feel unworthy—he couldn't. It's with him that she's truly felt like she could be gold, right alongside him. He's her Something Jackson. The low tone of his voice dissolves her thoughts, focusing her attentions. "Oh, God, you can't tell my mom I'm not a virgin." His look his pleading, tortured, but it soon jumps to her in alarm. "—Jeez, actually, don't mention anything we've ever done together." Annabeth knows he's serious, but can't hold back the laugh. He's always making her laugh. "Trust me, I didn't plan on it. She's not going to find out, Percy, she's going to think we've only met today." His shoulders droop a little like relief, and she has another thought. "I don't see how you could fool anyone into thinking you're a virgin. Far from it." A hot red blush floods his cheeks and swims down the exposed skin of his neck. "What are the odds that you're the 'absolute dream of a girl' my mom's always talking about?" "Not in your favor," she says, smirking. "Or maybe they are, depending on how you look at it. I was planning on texting you tonight." Finally, he smiles, a sweet little chuckle escaping his lips. "I would have welcomed it dearly." "Like you always do." "Well, it's not like I can resist you," he answers offhandedly, like he isn't aware that he's sent a swarm of butterflies flapping wild in her stomach. His eyes jump up to hers, and he lets out a goofy grin that she feels from the soles of her feet to the brim of her skull. Turning away again, he slips a cupcake off the table, unwrapping it and offering her half. A truce. "I've gotta say, Annabeth, out of all the people I imagined my mom bringing in here tonight, I can't say I'm all that disappointed." She laughs, throaty and loud, because there's no one around to make her feel embarrassed about it. "In a weird way," she admits. "This was the best it could have gone for me." The skin of his nose wrinkles as he smiles at her and—God he's so cute. "Ditto." Humming, she knocks her half of the cupcake with his in cheers. "You know, your mom would probably be thrilled to see us leave together. And I don't hate coffee." Percy grins, blue frosting smeared above his lip after he takes a bite and Annabeth doesn't know why it's so fucking endearing. "I'd be thrilled, too." i'm glad my first fic as a legal adult is about dicks AU by tumblr user mickeyed, prompted by tumblr user somethingmorecreative1 (my girl rach what up) i'll think of a real summary later