struggled getting it clasped. "Need any help?" I heard Percy ask. I turned around and he had a smug smile on his face, but his cheeks were tinted pink. I sighed and nodded, and he winked at me before going behind me and grabbing the clasps. "Which clasp?" I heard him ask. "Second," I said, and I felt him hook them together. His fingers traced along my back, and literally sent shivers down my spine. "You're cold," he muttered into my ear. "...want me to warm you up?" He asked. I could hear the smug smile in his voice, and when I turned around, he was smiling. I pushed him away gently and went to go put on my sweatpants and t-shirt. He kissed my hair and walked out of my room, probably to go leave my house and disappear from the earth. Shaking my head and smiling when I realized that I've been thinking whether Percy left or not for ten minutes, I walked into the kitchen to go make a cup of coffee. Surprisingly, I found him in the kitchen already making breakfast. "There's freshly made coffee on the counter," he said, twirling around to give me a kiss. "And I'm making eggs. Do you mind?" He asked. I smiled. "No... but why are they blue?" I asked, raising an eyebrow. His eyes beamed, and he looked like a little kid. "It's like this tradition that me and my mom do ever since I was a little kid. My old and a son of a bitch stepdad- I have a better stepdad... but he's dead- told my mom that blue food doesn't exist, and just to prove him wrong, we've been having blue food. I was like twelve or eleven at the time; I don't really know how old I was, it's such an old memory. And I'm nineteen now, so... yeah." He said, chuckling. He turned off the stove and grabbed a plate, then placed the blue eggs on the plate. I smiled at him. "Thank you," He blushed. "Yeah, don't worry about it. And... uh... I need to talk to you about something, are you free right now?" He asked, scratching the back of his neck. His shirt rid up, and the elastic of his boxers were showing (because he sloppily threw on a pair of sweatpants), and a flashback of what happened last night reappeared in my head. I blinked for a moment, and looked at him again. "Yeah, I'm free. As long as sipping coffee and eating blue eggs doesn't count as being busy, then I'm free." I awkwardly said. I took a sip of my delicious coffee- the boy surely knows how to make coffee- and tapped my nails on the table. He smiled. "Great. So, about last night... look, I know that I just met you and all, but you already know that I'm in love with you. And I don't know what that makes us. And you probably don't like me, but nobody seems to like me anymore... and I just really want you to be my-" I rolled my eyes and pressed my lips to his, my hand still clutching the fork that was holding a piece of blue eggs. I felt him smile against my lips and pressed my body closer to his, and suddenly I found myself wanting, needing more. I dropped my fork and he laughed against my lips, but I didn't care one bit. I wrapped my arms around his neck and jumped onto him, his strong and muscular arms supporting me. He removed his lips from mine and moved onto my jaw, but not before muttering, "-girlfriend..." and gently nibbled. I got closer to his ear, to the point where he could feel my breath on his neck. "Then I guess that makes you my boyfriend." He pulled away and looked at me. His eyes had a sparkle in them, and a little bit of relief, as if I was going to say no to this guy. "You really mean that? You want to be my girlfriend?" I slapped his shoulder playfully. "Yes, I'm head over heels for you, Seaweed Brain. As if me kissing you for you to shut up means nothing. Now... can I go back to finishing my eggs?" I asked, giving him a hug before getting off his lap and sitting back down in my chair. "You know," he said as he stole my cup of coffee and downed it, "I'm really glad that I bumped into you. 'Cause if I didn't... I never would have met you." I smiled. "Yeah." By the time we were finished eating breakfast, it was already the afternoon and the news came on, saying that the end is near, and that every living cell would possibly be dead by next month, but that didn't matter. When I'm with Percy, it's not the end of the world. Well, I don't know how long I've been writing this for, but I'm proud of it. And before you all get mad at me, I'm still writing A Side of Mushrooms. I just really like starting stories and never finishing them, but I swear, I'm going to finish it. Did you find the chapter fluffy? I added a bit too much fluff, because I'm a fluffy person. And wahoo, Percabeth is dating! I hope that you don't mind the age difference, it just seems more real. ;) And if you care enough, can you please let me know how I did on both of their POV's? I'm really not that used to writing first person because I'm not that creative, I guess, but it's always great to hear what other people think. :) Moving on, I hope that you like this chapter, and if you want, you can suggest two characters that I should put in this story along with Percy and Annabeth! Anyway, I'm rambling, so… I'll see you for chapter two! *please review, they make my day!*