showed her what it meant to feel valued. Treated her the way she should have been from the start. And some part of her feels sad for the time she didn't know him, when she was naive and misled. After six years of working her ass off in college, she earns her Master's. She finally knows the true extent of the worth she was born with, what's always been there. She knows that throughout her life, there were times when she was misguided, led to believe something different. But as a person who's learned to love herself, and learned to let someone equal love her as well, she knows what she deserves. And it's a lot more than what she'd been given in her twenty-four years. But she understands that this isn't her father's fault. Not even Will or Mr. Flanders. For a revelation like this, she needed to watch it happen around her. It had to happen for herself. So she decides to forgive. Percy helps her track down Will Solace first. Annabeth finds through Facebook that he is now engaged to "the other man": Nico di Angelo. She feels no ill-will toward the couple, and although it would have spared her days of heartbreak had Will come to her first with truth of his feelings, she understands the pressure he was under. And in comparison to what he gave her in their time of friendship and more, she can forgive his mistakes made in the confusion of his struggle. She sends a sincere, congratulatory letter in the mail. He sends a wedding invitation. Mr. Flanders is a little harder to track down, having transferred school districts after many complaints from the parents of his students. They find he is working in a podunk town somewhere south, where his ideas might be met with an agreeing audience. A familiar fire kindles in her belly that had been suffocated for far too long-she calls him on the phone. The conversation doesn't last long. Annabeth merely reintroduces herself and proceeds to inform him that Mrs. Li is the principal of her old middle school. Mr. Flanders hangs up. Her father is the hardest to forgive. Throughout her life, she strived to please him. To feel like she was enough. After the tragedy of losing herself to outside forces, she knows she'd never let that happen to her own kids. She'd show them all the love and pride in the world, and it would never dull over time. It would never lessen to make room for someone else. When she graduates grad school, Percy is there to swing her off her feet and congratulate her with sweet kisses. "You amaze me everyday," he tells her sincerely and Annabeth's heart pumps wildly in her chest. No, she doesn't think Percy's the sole person to credit for what she's been able to achieve. But he's got a big part in it and she's grateful he's been a part of her life. She couldn't think of one other person she'd rather have taken this journey with. In the midst of excitement and new beginnings, Annabeth is shocked to see her father has turned up to the celebration. He never showed much interest in her success and part of her feels offended that he'd decided to show up now. After she's done, without a word of encouragement throughout her whole education, from kindergarten to grad school. If he hadn't bothered to show up to her performance in the spelling bee of the fifth grade, he doesn't deserve to show up now. But she won't turn him away. She can't find it in herself to reject what she craved since childhood: his approval. And after a stiff, but warm hug, she gets just that. "Annabeth," he says, squeezing her shoulder. His hair is graying at the roots and the hemline of his "fancy suit" is frayed. He's had it for years, only to wear to weddings and funerals. "I'm proud of you." It doesn't feel nearly as good as she imagined. And that's when she knows it's the end of her old life. The closure that'll send her off into the world that is finally her own. "I'm proud of me, too." "I'm also proud of Annabeth," someone says, hitching an arm around her shoulder and pecking her cheek. The smiles takes over her mouth before she has the chance to hide it. Percy's warmth melts into her skin, seeps into her bones. Her father's smile is polite, but it's clear he doesn't know if he should be happy or sad to see this boy curled around his daughter. Annabeth slips her arm around Percy's waist, returning the gesture and letting her father know that this is her choice, no matter how he feels about it. They entertain Frederick for a few hours back at their apartment after the celebration settles down, and when he leaves for his hotel later, it's with a smile on his face. Annabeth feels a little bit high, a little bit mighty. And she knows she's allowed to. She's made it this far and she deserves every bit of happiness and success coming her way. And it's that night, after her father's been gone for an almost an hour and Percy's just finished framing her certificate in the living room that she flops onto the couch lazily. It's that night, that Percy falls onto one knee before her, with a black velvet box open in his fingers. It's this night, where her life finally begins. "If you say yes, and I get to live the rest of my life like the past six years, I'll know I've won the lottery. And if you say no, I'll still know I've won the lottery for what you've already given me." He laughs then. "I still want you to say yes, though." She does say yes, but she knows she's won far, far more. happy birthday to mari! (percyyoulittleshit on tumblr) hope you liked itttt!