Annabeth's first thought as she woke up Saturday morning. The second was Whose arms...? Thick, male arms encircled her very exposed body. Last night hit her like speeding into a brick wall at seventy miles per hour. The force of memories that came back to her was so sudden, it made her already aching head throb. Annabeth drank too much. Swallowed a strange pill. Lost her virginity and fell asleep next to a stranger. Holy Shit was her third coherent thought. Taking a deep breath, she carefully slid out of the boy's arms. He didn't wake, and for that she was grateful. Percy was still unclothed as he lay on the bed in all his glory. She studied his bronzed skin; taut arms, yet soft stomach. The sheets tangled at his waist, she noticed thankfully, but didn't quite cover the trail of hair leading from his naval to the safety of the cotton. A stream of sunlight spilling in from between the cracks in the curtains hit him at just the right angle, illuminating his raven hair and long eyelashes. The latter of which cast sooty, elongated shadows across his cheeks that Annabeth had to glance away from before she decided it was time to fall back into his arms. The remorse, she thought, wasn't as bad as it should have been. But there was something to be said about the justification of it all. She'd let a wrinkled image of her self-conscious delude her into thinking she needed to make poor choices to be an interesting person, and well, she thought maybe she should have given herself the night to think on it before she made any drastic decisions. A small piece of her brain was willing to admit that she felt relieved, almost glad that she'd allowed herself a night without worry. Even if it was just for one night, she wasn't going to let herself regret something that she'd remember for the rest of her life. She could live with herself after last night. She didn't hate Percy and more importantly, she didn't hate herself. She was okay. Quietly, she dressed. The shorts rode up her butt and her arms felt cold under the scrappy coverage—she wondered how she let herself out of the house. Only able to run a hand through the tangled disaster that was her hair, Annabeth set out to find Thalia. It took longer than it should have. But when she found her, Thalia was passed out in a lawn chair outside. The pool was littered with beer cans and different sets of lacy underwear, the whole backyard was a mess, but surprisingly her best friend looked worse. Black make-up streamed down her face and her choppy hair was slicked up into different directions. It took several shakes and a bucket of contaminated pool water to wake up her best friend. "Hey, asshole! Lights!" she yelled, which vaguely translated into "turn off the lights" and proved that she had no idea where she was. Throwing a fist in the air and narrowly missing Annabeth's nose, Thalia huffed. "I would, but you're kind of outside, Thals," Annabeth told her, trying her best to fight the round of laughter she was feeling. Thalia blinked drearily and looked around, appearing to have just realized she was passed out in the backyard of the Stoll's house. "Damn," the girl yawned, stretching her arms above her head. "Last night. You were one crazy son of a gun, Annabeth." She blushed. Thalia didn't know the half of it. "C'mon, we have to go home. I'm kind of in a hurry, so let's try to get out of here before I'm old and gray." Arching an eyebrow, the punk girl rubbed her eyes as she stood up unsteadily. "You were born old and gray, Annabeth. Why the rush?" Okay, so maybe Annabeth was trying to leave before Percy woke up—she wasn't keen on having that awkward one-night-stand confrontation she'd always heard about. At the same time, she was hesitant to tell Thalia, because she wasn't sure what to think for herself. Was it something she should be ashamed of? Did it make her a bad person? She didn't know, but reasoned with herself that if there was any way to find out, it'd be her best bet to go to Thalia. She trusted her best friend. "I kind of slept with someone last night, and I'd like to avoid whatever consequential awkwardness with him that includes. So if we could leave now—you know, before he wakes up—I would be eternally grateful." Annabeth rushed over her words, not entirely sure if Thalia heard her. But she did. Thalia lost her footing and almost landed in the pool. If it hadn't been for Annabeth's surprisingly quick, post-hangover reflexes, Thalia would be swimming with the throngs of colorful cans and panties. " What ?" she spluttered, looking wide-eyed at her friend. Covering her face with her hands, she replied, "You heard me." It was quiet for a moment. "Are you okay?" The blonde was quick to snap her eyes back to her. She gave herself a moment to honestly answer the question. "I think so." "Yikes, Annabeth. I'm so sorry." Thalia shook her head regretfully, seemingly not having heard her. "I totally pressured you last night. Not cool." Sighing, Annabeth dropped her throbbing head onto her best friend's shoulder and steered her in the direction the driveway. "Hey, I'm not complaining yet. Let's just get home before my parents realize I never came back." This is the second version. I do not care if you liked the first one better. After all the shit I've been given for this story, I'm not dealing with anyone's preferences but my own. All the chapters were taken down because I do not tolerate faceless anons bullying me into writing for them. Maybe I'll write more chapters, maybe I won't. For now: if you're going to leave a shitty review, check your grammar before you send it.