no matter how stupid he looked. Wouldn't blast a demigod he didn't know the parent of lest he start a war. "Whatever, I came here to tell you I was training and I did, I don't have to sit here and listen to you." Percy said in a clipped tone. "Now now Percy, you still haven't had everything explained to you." Chiron said trying to calm both demigod and god down. "I already know what goes on here is. The naiads explain it all I also know there'll be a capture the flag game today. I know the team I'll be fine." He got up and quickly left again Grover following closely behind. "Percy, I know what you're trying to do, but I'd advise you to not push it so far." Grover said after they got a safe distance that even Chiron with his razor sharp ears wouldn't hear. "I know and I will... maybe. C'mon Grover, I know you and you can't say you don't find Mr. D getting angry funny." Percy laughed "Whatever man, I should probably mention that I've got the old guys to at least consider making empathy links with demigods to help things out, but you know how they are they won't do it until the demigods come and tell them they're needed for that. I've also started practising my swordsmanship so we could start sparring in a few days maybe." Grover said. "Good your wielding a sword will help a lot with the quest." Percy replied. It was capture the flag time and Percy found himself again guarding the creek. He had a dispute with Clarisse, and she would probably be coming at him again. This time just to rough him up and get the flag. He wasn't going to let them do that of course. "There he is" speak of the devil. "Well well well, lookie here if it isn't little Prissy, all alone in the forest." Clarisse said. "Not so tuff when you're by yourself are you now?" Another camper chimed in. "Hm? Did you say something? When did you guys get here?" Percy said feigning shock in the most obvious way to make sure they got it. "You're funny Prissy, but if you kept the jokes to yourself you wouldn't be in this situation." Clarisse said. "I don't know what you're talking about Clarisse, but I'm not supposed to let you passed the creek so if you don't want to get hurt stay back." Percy said smiling. "That's it, get him!" And they all charged to they're unmistakable doom. The first guy swung his sword wildly, after all he was a new camper he wasn't expected to know and sword fighting techniques. It was over before it even started Percy batted his sword which was raised above his head so hard that it completely turned him. Percy took that chance to hit his head with the blunt side of the sword sending him flying into another who ended up hitting his head on a tree. They were both out of the picture. The next two came at him more apprehensively not sure what had happened. How did the new kid know to fight? They tried flanking him, their flank was brutally destroyed by Percy who jumped to the closer guy, knowing that the other would take that chance to knock him out. So he waited then moved out of the way when he felt the other guys charge. He spun behind him and Spartan kicked them into each other sending them into a rolling mess. Then there was three left. He'd thought there was more so they probably didn't send as much this time. As he was about to take the rest down until he saw Luke racing past the boundary line with two Hermes campers covering his retreat with an Apollo camper. "A trick it was a trick!" Clarisse screamed but it was all too late to get him. Just as everyone got to the boundaries Chiron trotted in and blew the horn signaling the defeat of the Aries team. He didn't know why but he still felt ecstatic from the win even though he'd seen it coming. It must've had something to do with the cheerful atmosphere. He heard the snapping of a stick and immediately turned to where he assumed Annabeth to be. "The next time you have a plan that could have me getting the tar beaten out of me, I suggest you scrap it and come up with another" Percy said, it really had ticked him off the last time he had just been too tired to get mad. "I was going to get you and would've jumped in but you had them so I thought better of it." She replied. "If I'd been weaker I might've been killed. Those idiots don't know how to control they're anger." Percy replied, it might've been stretching it, but was maimed the last time and he didn't like that at all. Just when she was about to reply he heard a canine growl and just like last time a hellhound came running at him, but unlike last time he had riptide and wasn't that tired so he was prepared. He heard Annabeth shout something which he totally ignored. He got into a ready stance and just as the hound pounces he sidestepped and sliced through its side like butter. It instantly burst into a gold powder. Just as it was gone many arrows appeared embedded in the ground it had just been on. "What the hell was that!?" Percy screamed, he had an act to keep up after all. He would probably never get his answer. "It is determined!" He heard Chiron announce. All around him he saw the camper kneeling just like last time he looked up expectantly and saw his father symbol. "Poseidon. Earthshaker, Stormbringer father of horses. Hail, Perseus Jackson son of sea god." Chiron finished. Now, it was time for the fun part to begin.