move under his finger. Calypso bucked her hips in pleasure. "That is my G-spot. It's the most sensitive spot. Mm. Put and another finger and slowly go in and out poking my G-spot on the way in." Percy happily obliged. He started out slow but began to speed up, getting more moaning from Calypso. He added another finger and speed up. Calypso was thrashing all over the place, moaning and groaning, as Percy's fingers played with her pussy. After several more minutes of this. Calypso pulled his hand out and panted, trying to catch her breath. "Percy, remember when I gave you a blow job, now you will give me one. All you have to do is lick my pussy and put your tongue inside it. It's called "eating out" a girl." Percy started with one big lick, going from her anus right to her urethra, earning a loud moan from Calypso. Percy was surprised by how good it tasted. He licked it again and again sticking the tip of his tongue into her urethra at the end. He picked up speed getting more moaning from Calypso. He began moving his tongue more, so he could slip it into her pussy, licking the tense muscles. He grabbed Calypso's ass and began full on assaulting her vagina. He sucked and licked her urethra until he got bored and then began to do the same to her pussy. Calypso bucked her hips in pleasure. Grabbing the back of Percy's head, she smashed her pussy into his face. Calypso screamed in pleasure as she came all over Percy's face. Percy licked the cum off his face. "Clean it up." Calypso said. "With pleasure" Percy licked her pussy cleaning up all the cum and then licked a little more for good measure. "Oh gods that was amazing." Calypso said. She looked down at Percy's cock and saw it was fully erect again. "Perfect. Percy there is one last thing to cover. To make a baby the man puts his dick inside a girl's pussy and cums, and it feels amazing for both of them." Calypso got off the bed and onto her knees and hands in the doggy style position. "There is a barrier inside me called a hymen that's been broken multiple times thanks to being immortal. Sadly being a goddess means that I heal so it repairs itself a while later. You have to break it. This is the pinnacle of sex for both of us. Fucking. Just put your penis inside my pussy and slowly go in and out." Percy slowly slid himself in until he reached her barrier. It felt so good sliding only a few inches. Her pussy was so tight due to self-healing and not fucking for 1,000 years. Percy pulled out then smacked it back in, breaking her barrier. Calypso's body tightened, crushing Percy's cock as the pain washed over her. After a few minutes, Percy started sliding his dick in and out slowly. Calypso moaned in pleasure. "Faster Percy, faster." Calypso said while moaning. Percy slowly picked up speed and began banging Calypso mercilessly, shoving his dick as far as he could then pulling almost all the way in before smashing his way back in again. Percy moaned in pleasure. This felt so good. No wonder the gods had kids a lot. A few minutes later, after destroying Calypso's pussy, Percy felt his balls tighten. "Calypso I'm going to cum." He warned. Calypso looked up in alarm shaking her head no. "Pull out! Pull out!" "You self-heal right?" "Yes but I can still get pregnant!" Percy pulled his dick out and shoved it inside Calypso's urethra. She howled in pain as Percy ripped her urethra unnaturally wide. Calypso sobbed into the bed. The pain, the pain was unbearable. Percy shoved himself as deep as he could before he exploded his jizz inside her. "Gods Percy, why in Hades would you do that!" "You said you self-heal! Where else was I supposed to stick it?" "Up my ass, you prick! It's called anal sex! You fuck me inside my ass!" "And get your crap all over my dick? No way!" "Well you get it weather you like it or not!" Calypso said as she called her invisible servants to hold Percy on his back, pinned to the floor. Calypso slowly lowered herself onto his dick, shoving it up her ass and rode him like a cowgirl. Percy cursed. He hated feeling her shit stick to his dick, but he didn't mind fucking her. Percy got into rhythm and smacked his hips up to meet with hers. Percy took his hand and started adding fingers into her ass. Calypso groaned, but kept going. After a few more minutes Calypso settled on Percy's lap. She moaned once then pissed all over Percy's stomach. To get her back, Percy got up and put his dick and her mouth and took a piss; holding Calypso's head over his dick to make sure she got a nice clean taste. Once he was empty, Calypso spat Percy's dick out of her mouth, got up, and laid on her bed. She patted beside her, signaling for Percy to join her. Percy jumped on the bed and put his face level with her boobs. "gods I haven't had sex in so long. You did pretty well for your first time." Calypso said. "Thanks. It was nice to fuck." Plus now I can say I fucked a goddess, Percy thought. Percy scooted closer to Calypso and with one hand played with her boobs and with the other, her cilt. Calypso put her hand on Percy's dick and fell asleep. Percy could only imagine what they would do the next day. Ok well I hoped you liked it! Sadly the next day is when Percy leaves the island. So sad. So, what you think? Good? Bad? Got any Ideas? Should I make this a series of one shots? Thank you all so much! Last of all, REVIEW!