two couches, his TV, his coffee table, his many plants, his bookshelves, and a few chairs. All of those things were replaced by her gigantic rock, Steven, and the two sixteen year olds. "So... what's going to happen?" Andrew asked, raising an eyebrow when Penelope turned around, and heard some crackling. She turned around again, with handcuffs made of ice. "You're not going to handcuff me." He said. She nodded. "I am ." She walked over to him, cuffing one of the loops to his left arm, and walking over to the rock and cuffing the other loop to the rock (that had a stick jabbed into it; Penelope placed it there so her boyfriend could stay there). "You know that these are made of ice, right? It will melt." Andrew pointed out, already breathing on the handcuffs, hoping that it would melt. She laughed. "Yeah, I know that they're made of ice. But, I made sure that they wouldn't melt, because if they did... then what would be the point? You would escape the monster and it wouldn't be any fun!" She exclaimed, planting a small kiss on his nose. He sighed. "So what will happen is that Steven will be the monster and be angry- you know, all that fun stuff- and he will try to kill you, and you will have to yell for my name! Got it?" She asked, disappearing somewhere into the kitchen. "Got it..." Andrew said in defeat, glancing over at the kraken, who was already getting ready. He had an evil look on his face, and all of a sudden, Andrew wishes that he never agreed to this. He had a chance to decline it, too! Steven roared, and got closer to the son of Athena, and tried to claw at him. The gray eyed boy tried to escape every slash and tentacle, but the kraken was far more larger and faster than him, so escaping was pretty useless. All of a sudden, Andrew remembered that in order to be saved, he had to call Penelope's name. "PENELOPE!" Andrew yelled, thrashing and kicking back Steven, and looking over to the side, hoping to see his girlfriend coming to the rescue. But what he saw instead was his girlfriend sitting on the counter drinking a bottle of apple juice. She then looked up at the fighting scene, and cursed. "I'm coming, Andrew!" She said playfully and hopped of the counter, grabbing a plush sword that she may or may not have bought from a prop store. Steven slashed again at Andrew, and said person hissed in pain. He looked over to the side again, and luckily Penelope was standing there holding a plush sword. She took the sword and gently tapped the kraken. Nothing happened. "Bloody hell, Penelope! Can you just slay the kraken? Please?" He whined, kicking and thrashing the air again. Steven slapped him with his tentacles, and there was a loud slapping sound. Andrew cried out in pain again. Penelope tapped her chin. "Hmm... you have to beg for it." She said, smirking. He groaned. "Beg for it? Penelope!" He yelled, closing his eyes and breathed heavily. "Please, Penelope, save me from the kraken." He said. She grinned. "That's not good enough." There was silence for a moment, until she started mocking him. She climbed on the rock and pretended to be her boyfriend and mimicking a deep voice. "Ooh, look, I'm Andrew, and I'm chained to a rock and a kraken is beating me up!" She said, laughing and jumping down the rock. "Penelope..." Andrew warned. "Hey, I'm on the ground and not on a rock! I also don't have a kraken trying to kill me!" She said, laughing harder and collapsing on the ground, only to continue her laughing. "PENELOPE!" She continued teasing him, until she finally calmed down, and told Steven to go back to the water castle, which made the kraken immediately rush out of the house. "And then there was two," she said, running her hand through her impossibly messy hair. She winked at him, and Andrew felt like he needed to kill her and also kiss her shamelessly. "Yes, now can you release me from these handcuffs and from this rock?" Andrew asked, sticking out his bottom lip. She rolled her eyes and put her hand on the handcuffs, which instantly melted them. "Now that I'm free..." he muttered to himself. "I can finally do this..." She frowned slightly. "What do you me-" He jumped onto her, holding onto her neck and dragging her down to the ground. She screamed, but then she started laughing. "Andrew, get off of me- HEY DON'T TICKLE ME!" She warned, but that was useless. He started tickling her, and she laughed uncontrollably. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA ANDREW!" She yelled, and kicked him off of her. It didn't hurt, though, since she was as light as a feather. "For that, you're spending the night chained to the rock." She said, crossing her arms over her chest. "Penny... you wouldn't do that..." He said, putting his hands up in a surrendering position. She did. "I hate you," he hissed. "I love you too." But she knew that he didn't really hate her, since she could hear the smile in his voice. And whether he wanted to admit or not, he did have a lot of fun roleplaying with her. But nobody needed to know that. Fin Well, I finished it. Man, that took a long time just for a simple story. And now you know... I can't do requests. I mean, writing this was a lot of fun, it's just that I take forever writing a simple story, and I really like procrastinating. :3 Anyway, I really hope that you like it, ObeliskX! I worked really hard on it, and I apologize if it wasn't what you expected. But I hope that it was up to your expectations and it made you laugh! :D I hope all of you enjoyed it, and please review!