began to trail kisses hot and hard down his neck until she reached the bare skin of his chest. Her hands moved in eager jerks, frantically trying to reach every inch of skin in her possession. She finally rested them in his own, twining their fingers together as she pressed her chest into his. He was sure he could have exploded just then. Something like this brought on a haze of its own; the alcohol gone from his mind, taken over by the overwhelming sense of desire. He'd let her take him in anyway she wanted. She was in control and he was completely at her mercy – even when they had managed to rid themselves of the rest of their clothing and she was clumsily digging through a stranger's nightstand drawers for some type of protection and they were laughing together. It was awkward and uncomfortable and scary, but Percy was having fun . And when she had finally found a rubber to roll onto him, they blushed just the same. She sunk onto his arousal, nervous laughter bubbling up and layering over the sounds of the party outside. No choice but to let her take the reigns as she moved on top of him, it surprised Percy how he couldn't have been more turned on by that fact. His view was mouth watering, soft curves and pale skin was all he could see; and Annabeth shook her head as she saw him gawk. "You're drooling," she drawled, lifting their twined hands and pressing them into the pillows as she came down for another kiss. He could only laugh, laying his head back against the scratchy cotton fabric of the pillow. Even as things got more heated and the laughter became few and far between, his eyes never found the strength to leave her face. Because it shocked him every time just who was riding on top of him. Annabeth . Percy didn't think of his best friend's betrayal, or the fact that his mom would probably be able to smell the alcohol on his clothes when he got home; he just let himself get lost in her—get lost with her. He didn't last long, embarrassingly enough, but Annabeth didn't seem to mind. She mouthed at his ear lobe, guiding him through his finish as he groaned her name. And it was in that moment that he swore he could see the same glowy stars from his bedroom ceiling imprinted on the inside of his eyelids. He was gone. Being with her was every great thing he couldn't have imagined. Especially when he was finally allowed to take over, making up for his early finish by bringing her off with his inexperienced, yet enthusiastic fingers, until she was just as gone as he was. It was after they'd spent themselves that they lay together, hands clasped and smiles goofy, when Percy's false sense of confidence began to dissolve. Worry started to creep in as the intoxication deserted him; left him there to rest in his own unmade bed. This had been the most reckless thing he'd ever done – and God, wasn't he supposed to regret it? He couldn't . But it wasn't like he hadn't known what he was doing in the first place. This was his mess. His great, fun, satisfying mess. Was she going to stay with Luke? Did she regret cheating on her boyfriend? Should he confess what happened? – No. There were a lot of things his best friend kept from him. And Percy hadn't intentionally leveled the metaphorical playing field. Because it wasn't a playing field. Annabeth was a person and she had been deceived just as wrongly as Percy had. This wasn't a game, but he was afraid Luke would think this action was awfully close to evening the score. That's not what Percy had intended, not at all. He wanted her. He only wanted her. And he'd felt that way for years. His body stiffened as he tried to imagine what Annabeth was thinking. If he was the one being played here. Was this an act of rebellion? Formed from the hurt she felt at being lied to? Were there ulterior motives to their time spent together? Her intentions could just as easily have been to hurt Luke, than to share something with Percy. But he got his answers when her phone rang. Eight times consecutively. She ignored them, and he briefly wondered if she had fallen asleep. Then his own phone bleated out its harsh tone and he looked over to the nightstand where it lay, screen up. Luke's name appeared. "He's looking for you," Percy whispered, pushing his nose into the back of her neck and tightening his hold on her hand against her stomach from where they lay on their sides, bare bodies pressed flush together. She snorted softly. "Good luck to him." Percy hesitated. "Do you want to talk to him?" For a moment, she was quiet. And Percy's heart crawled into his throat. "I don't want to talk to him when I'm with you," she admitted. "We can deal with all of that mess later." Turning her body around and now facing his, she tugged the blanket tighter around them as if to lock themselves away from the world. "For now, it'll just be us." His chest swelled and he ducked his head. "Okay," he whispered. Because suddenly, the weight of the night didn't feel nearly as heavy as he remembered. Everything seemed a little easier to deal with, having someone willing to stick with him. Annabeth was on his side. And he was on hers. And, really, he thought that was how it should have been from the start. THIS WASN'T SMUTTY WHEN I STARTED. LOOK WHAT I WROTE FOR YOU BUBBY and it's so much longer than i thought it would be. like...i tried to make this short. i really did. but sometimes these things just beg to be longer anyway happy birthday dear!