along his lips. The kiss lasted too short for Nico's own liking. He gazed at him for a long time before the older demigod spoke up. 'That was hot .' Percy murmured, his lips brushing Nico's slightly. Annabeth let out a sigh of relief beside him. Percy turned to Annabeth. 'Oh, don't worry, love. I am not done with you, yet. But for the time being, I think you should rest.' He turned back to Nico. 'Ready for round two?' He asked him, smirking at the younger demigod. Nico's penis hardened again and Percy moved his hand to hold his shaft. Smirking at Nico, he said, 'I'd say you are.' Nico met Percy with a devilish smirk that rivalled his. Both met each other's lips with renewed fervour. Nico moved his hands to either sides of Percy's shirt and pulled it over his head. Percy broke the kiss only to remove his shirt and again reconnected their lips after the deed was done. Annabeth could only watch as the two boys ravished each other's mouth. She slipped her hand towards her centre where she was already getting wetter by the moment. Rolling her nub gently she threw her head back as she experienced her own pleasure. Percy could hear Annabeth's moans from beside him. Nico moved his hand to Percy's jeans and unzipped them. Percy broke the kiss to get rid of his navy blue jeans. His boxers were discarded the next second. Now completely nude before his lover, he bent down for another kiss. Nico hissed in pleasure when he felt their bodies making contact. Moving one hand between them, he started pumping Percy's cock. Percy returned the favour and started pumping Nico's hard cock while his other hand cupped his balls. Nico increased his pace and felt Percy stiffen. Percy removed his hand from his cock and grabbed some lube from their dresser. Nico felt himself going harder with the anticipation. He watched with hungry eyes as Percy applied some lube over his erect cock. Precum was slipping from his cock and Nico resisted the sudden urge to lick it away. Percy came where Nico was lying on the bed and with practised ease, he flipped Nico so that he could fuck him from behind. Resting his hands the bed to support his weight, Nico moaned as he felt two lube covered fingers entering him. With slow thrusts, Percy built a steady rhythm. Apparently it wasn't enough for Nico. 'Percy, please. Fuck me, hard .' He moaned. He couldn't refuse to comply with Nico's demand Removing his fingers from his hole, Percy aligned his cock and entered him with one long thrust. Without waiting for Nico to get adjusted, he started thrusting hard in his hole. Annabeth watched her boys as Percy pounded into Nico. She felt her heart swell by the passion that she was experiencing just by looking at them. That didn't mean she could not experience the same passion. Crawling below Nico she started pumping his cock in time with Percy's thrusts. She parted her lips and engulfed his large cock in her slick mouth. She started sucking his cock while fondling his balls with her fingers. Above her Nico let out a loud moan; his moans were music to his lovers' ears. 'So close, Percy. Ah...Yes, don't stop.' But Percy did stop; Nico let out a whimper that was very unlike the child of Hades. Annabeth stopped sucking Nico, only to be pulled to the centre of the bed by Percy. He looked at Nico and the both had a silent agreement. Annabeth didn't like it; she hated to be kept in dark. Percy laid himself on the bed and flipped her so that she was straddling him. Feeling his hard cock below her wet cunt, she let out a moan. She was also very aware of another presence behind her. 'Percy?' she questioned, not able to interpret the boys' actions. Percy smirked. Nico leaned forward so that his lips touched her ear as he spoke. Annabeth closed her eyes at the sensation. 'Didn't want you to think that we had forgotten about you, love.' Nico whispered huskily in her ear, his lips brushing her ears slightly. Before she could reply, Percy lifted her up and eased her on his cock. She gasped as his cock filled her. Before she could recover, Nico thrust in her ass hole from behind. She could have come from feeling both of them inside her. She had had anal sex with Percy before. But having two cocks filling her, stretching her completely, was something very new to her and it was so hot . Both Percy and Nico started thrusting in her simultaneously, making her moan in pleasure. She could feel herself growing hotter and wetter. She could come any minute now. They both were closer to bliss than ever before. Both were l thrusting in her hard and prolonging their orgasm, because they had to feel her come before them. Percy pulled her forward for a kiss, while Nico leaned on her and bit her shoulder, it was too tempting to leave a mark. That did it. Annabeth saw stars as she reached her orgasm. She opened her mouth in a silent scream as she rode Percy's cock. Her orgasm had triggered theirs and they came hard, filling her with their seed. Percy watched as Annabeth slept snuggled to his chest, while Nico had flung an arm around her to bring her closer to him. It was so filled with emotions that Percy thought he would die with emotional overload. After all he had done, after the monsters he had killed, titans he had defeated, dying after having sex seemed too uninteresting way of dying. Morning, he thought, think about death in the morning. He flung a careless arm over Annabeth and Nico and drifted to sleep, with a smile on his face. A/N: I hope you all enjoy. My very first smut! Reviews are welcomed heartily.