look. "So do I," Reyna said. The other camps went silent and watched as their two leaders met in the middle of the field and exchanged flags. Annabeth draped the Roman flag around her shoulders and Reyna did the same with the Greek. Unity for all. Annabeth hugged Reyna, and the other girl returned it. The camps cheered and began to mess around once more. When Annabeth pulled away, Reyna gave her a mischievous grin. "But tonight at the campfire, I will totally burn you alive at the s'more war, Chase," Reyna said. The Romans let out a loud cheer and Annabeth laughed. "You talk a big game, but everyone knows that the Greeks are better s'more makers," Annabeth said. In response, the Greeks let out a loud hurrah. Annabeth hugged Reyna one last time, and Chiron spread his arms out wide. "Very good! Wash up, and then the war shall commence at nine at the campfire!" The Greeks and Romans cheered together before setting off towards the showers. "So, Avila," Annabeth said. She leaned on her drakon bone sword and raised an eyebrow at the daughter of Bellona. "So, Chase," Reyna countered. "Ever think we'd be in this position?" Reyna's eyes followed the retreating backs of their comrades who were pushing each other and joking around, as if they had always been the best of friends. She shook her head slowly. "Never in a million years." Percy handed Annabeth his jacket when he saw that she was shivering. "Thanks," she said. "Nice job out there today," he said as he impaled a marshmallow on a stick. "You did well." Percy lowered his stick over the roaring fire, and Annabeth leaned on his shoulder. Percy took in his surroundings for a second. The Greeks and Romans sat together and exchanged old war stories and tossed marshmallows back and forth. "I get why you accepted the tie," he said slowly. "It's like the time Jason and I fought in Kansas." Annabeth shrugged and Percy turned his head towards her. He had never quite gotten used to the fact that they were dating. Each day he woke up, remembered that Annabeth was his girlfriend, and he would smile. It seemed so new and so delicate, he didn't want to break it. "So, I was wondering—" "What's that?" Annabeth's head lifted off of Percy's shoulder, and he glanced over at what she was talking about. A couple other campers had seen it too, and soon everyone was staring at the sky. A large shadow was flying towards them, and Percy's mind began to race. There was only one person he could think of that could fly and was that large… "Leo?" He yelled. Leo felt Calypso's hands tighten around his abdomen, and he leaned forward, peering through the clouds. "There it is!" He yelled. The distant glow of the campfire brought back memories, and Leo smiled to himself. The outline of the Athena Parthenos stood proudly over the valley, as if the other six had just returned and all was well. A small part of him hoped that since he last saw his friends that it had just been a couple of minutes, or hours even, but he knew even his luck wouldn't allow that. Two dark shapes flew apart from the campfire and approached them. "Ready?" "Ready!" Leo's heart hammered as Festus lowered in altitude, the shape of Camp Half-Blood becoming more and more focused. The figures that had flown up were now recognizable, and Leo whooped. "Jason! Frank!" Jason yelled something back that was indistinct, and Frank screeched. "Good to see you too buddy!" Leo said. Festus circled the campfire once before landing behind the Hephaestus cabin. He slid off of the dragon's back and helped Calypso down. He was immediately engulfed by a sobbing Piper. "Oh my gods! Oh my gods…OH MY GODS!" She sobbed. "Hey Beauty Queen," Leo said. The other campers cheered and made their way over. Calypso grasped Leo's hand tightly, and he felt a warmth flow through him that had nothing to do with the campfire. "How long has it been?" Leo asked. "A year." Leo's heart sunk a little. He glanced around and realized that everyone did look a year older. Jason's hair was grown out and he had put on more muscle mass. Frank had lost more weight, and he was now lean and mean. Hazel had grown about three inches, and was the same height as Piper. "You look exactly the same," Piper said. "Well, I was wandering around an island where time stands still," Leo said. "It only seemed like I was gone for an hour at most." Calypso nodded in agreement, and then her eyes widened. Leo followed them to see Percy and Annabeth making their way over. Percy froze at the sight of her before breaking into a wide grin. "You found her man!" He said. "All on your own too!" Leo nodded and wrapped his arm protectively around Calypso. He knew that Percy was out of the picture with her, but that didn't stop him from worrying. "Calypso, this is Annabeth. Annabeth, Calypso," Percy said. Percy and Leo exchanged a look when the two girls shook hands, a strong sense of hostility coming from both. Percy had, one way or another, left each girl for the other. "So, what have I missed the past year?" Everyone began talking rapidly at once, and Leo nodded as if he was actually listening. After a little while, he feigned a yawn and stretched. "Man, I'm beat. Where should I room?" Leo asked. "Same bunk if you want," Jake Mason said. "It's good to have you back." "It's nice to be back," Leo said. He slipped his arm around Calypso once more before waving. "I'm going to show Calypso around before we hit the hay." He directed Calypso away from the crowd and towards the dinning pavilion, a new feeling of relief and happiness flowing through him. Everything was going to be okay.