pushing himself off the couch. She follows him to the den where their kids have been playing for hours. Only, they find the room empty. For a moment, her stomach drops and her heart speeds up, even if she knows her kid is more than likely perfectly safe somewhere in this house—she can't fight off her mom instincts. Percy purses his lips, turning to head up the adjacent steps. A little relief settles inside her to hear Isaac's small voice say, " You're hogging the blanket " once they're in the upstairs hallway. Opening a door at the end of the hall, Percy pokes his head in. A little chuckle escapes his mouth and Annabeth peeks in behind him. She can only guess that it's Percy's bedroom; the bed is huge and there's a distinct lack of toys littering the carpet (although, that wasn't to say there weren't any . Just—significantly fewer.) The kids are swallowed under a huge comforter, eyes trained on the TV mounted on the wall across from them. They're watching Mulan, which Annabeth knows to be one of Isaac's favorites. She joins in Percy's laughter until Alex looks up to see them there. "Next we're watching Tarzan," he informs, and Isaac nods. Something a little like regret taints her smile. "Sorry, guys. We have to go home and eat dinner. "No-o-o," Alex pouts, tightening his hold on his father's comforter wrapped around the two of them. Isaac blinks at his mother with rounded puppy eyes. "Can't we just eat here? Alex says his dad can cook." Annabeth huffs. "I can cook, too, Isaac." "Yeah, but not good." Looking entirely too smug, Percy hums like this information delights him. She might shove his shoulder a little as she walks further into the room. "Come on. Mr. Jackson's too nice to say he wants his house back." Percy's mouth drops open to protest, but his son beats him to it. "Miss Chase, I don't think my dad wants you to leave, like, ever." A warm feeling eats up her chest and it's her turn to look smug. Percy lets out a choked, "Alex, you traitor. " "Come on, dad, tell'er!" Alex breaks in again. His black hair is messy and sticking up in all directions, and it's kind of adorable, really. "We could all have breakfast for dinner! Dad bought like a thousand bagels this morning." Stilling, Annabeth's brows furrow. It's entirely possible that it's just a coincidence— "Those gross ones with the seeds all over them. Eck. Dad can make pancakes for you and me, Isaac." "Oh, those bagels are my mom's favorite!" Slowly, Annabeth lets her gaze finds Percy, fire kindling in her eyes. " You ," she hisses, quietly enough for him to detect danger and snap his mouth shut. "Me?" he asks, brows lifting. "Those bagels are everything to you? That was the worst pun I've ever had the displeasure of reading." His eyes widen with something she figures is realization, and god, he has the nerve to laugh . Loudly. The sound is warm and brass, and it should not melt her to her very bones, so she tries to concentrate on seeing red. "Angry, hot blond mom? I should've guessed." "Who needs that many bagels?!" She explodes, throwing her hands in the air. "No one," he manages through laughter. "I used to get a variety, but after Mister Ray of Sunshine told me about you, I couldn't help myself." "If my mom didn't like your dad so much, she'd probably hurt him real bad," Isaac stage-whispers to his new friend, who grins like that amuses him greatly. Annabeth is stuck somewhere between wanting to kiss the stupid smirk off his face, or smack it—but before she can make a decision, it melts into a soft smile, still goofy (still adorable). "I buy the bagels for the guys down at the fire-station. Nobody hates that kind, so it worked out pretty well on my end. Although I'm not sure if it'll make a difference now, I could apologize for beating you to it every morning?" "Dad, maybe you should leave her at least one bagel." Percy shoots a smile to his son. "I'm thinking you're right." "Me, too. Mom gets super mad when the guy tries to get her to buy the ones with raisins in them." Wincing, Percy lets out a low whistle. "I don't blame her." "Yet you leave me no choice every morning!" Annabeth argues, with considerably less heat than she imagined when finally meeting the Bagel Whore. She's holding back a smile as he moves closer. "Stay for dinner," Percy says, sliding his hand into hers. And dammit, she's a grown woman with a kid , holding hands should not fluster her. "I'll cook up something worthy enough to make up for all of the bagels I've denied you." "Yes!" Isaac calls, jumping up in the bed. "Please, mom!" She tries to let them squirm, express a look of thought as if she were actually considering going home and eating whatever burnt tar she managed to create, but that smile she was trying to kill breaks through before she can stop it, and she's agreeing. "Yay!" Alex dances. "Y-A-Y, yay!" "This is the best day ever!" Isaac cheers, over dramatic and entirely adorable. Percy gives her hand a squeeze, warm green eyes trained on hers. "It sure is." Isaac and Alex still have their arguments over the years—they're both incredibly stubborn, but maybe that's what makes them the best of friends anyway. When their little sister is born, she grows up in the position of mediator, because if there's anyone who knows how to get those buttheads to shut up, it's little Ruby with a personality louder than her two brothers combined. Also, she kind of ends up being their favorite thing ever, so they try to keep her happy, if not a little spoiled in the end. happy birthday meg (jasongraceless)! ilu so much. pls enjoy this junk.