cemetery, which Nico can't exactly blame him for. "Don't you know that meeting dead family members only comes six months into the relationship and after at least our first kiss?" "Your fault for letting me choose," Nico stuffs his hands deep into his pockets and then, quieter, he says, "I just wanted you to meet my sister." A flicker of understanding passes through Leo's eyes as he kneels down on the floor in front of Bianca di Angelo's name. The older boy is silent with a kind of concentration that is only reserved for when he works with machines and Nico wonders if this was a bad idea, after all; if he really should have waited six months to see if Leo sticks around that long before bringing him to see Bianca. It is only their first date, after all, maybe he got caught up in the moment and maybe he's moving too fast— —but maybe that doesn't matter. Maybe none of it matters. What matters is that right here, even if they're not soulmates, Nico thinks that his soul is pretty happy to be next to Leo's, sitting in front of his sister's gravestone on a cloudy afternoon and talking about the colours of the world that they aren't allowed to experience. . ("You might never meet your soulmate, you know," Nico says quietly one day, insecurities flowing out of him, "if you continue dating me." You might never see the colours. "I know." Leo smiles and leans over to kiss the younger boy on the cheek. "I don't care." "—then I don't care, either." And Nico kisses him back on the lips. It's their first real kiss and there's no magic to it. No flying sparks of red or blue or green—just grey. And for once, just grey is all they need, all they're asking for. It's their first real kiss and it's enough.) . Leo is always, always restless. Too many ideas running through his head at once and he needs something to work on with his hands otherwise things get uncomfortable, unbearable . Even when he's just thinking, he still needs to move and tap his fingers on different surfaces absentmindedly and make noise in general. Nico sits on the couch, trying to sleep. It's an impossible task when the mechanic is muttering to himself, this is supposed to work, why isn't it working, shit, where's my screwdriver, get it together Valdez, okayokayokayokay— Groaning, Nico tries to shift his position in attempt to block out the sounds of anguish Leo is expressing. It works for about a minute, maybe less, until he hears his name and all sense of sleep leaves his body. "Nico, man, I love you, but I really need you to get up for a second. You're on top of my screwdriver." There's a second when Nico's breath hitches and all his muscles tense up at once because maybe he's delirious now and he might already be half-asleep for all he knows. This could just be a very elaborate dream. He kind of wishes it isn't. "—do you really?" Love me? "What?" Leo blinks. "Yes, I do. I really need my screwdriver." Nico shakes his head. Something in his heart drops. "Never mind," he mutters, shifting so that he can reach a hand into the crease of the couch to pick up Leo's tool. "Here's your screwdriver." Their fingers brush during the exchange and of course those simple words held no deeper meaning, he should've known. In this world, the colours are the game-changer, the deciding factor; the colours will always, always come first. Love takes second place and it doesn't work the other way around. It doesn't work. "I do mean it." There's a rare blush on the mechanic's cheeks when the younger boy looks up in surprise. "O-oh," Nico says, the thump thump thump of his heart ringing in his ears. "But what about—" What about your soulmate? What about true love? "Doesn't matter," Leo shushes him with a wave. "Enough questions, di Angelo. Come here and help me build this." Nico stares at him for a second, frowning, because how can Leo dismiss the topic as if it's not a big deal? Or perhaps—perhaps Leo is right and he's making thing more complicated than they need to be. They've decided to be together and that's it. Nothing else has to be a concern because they're here and they're both still colour-blind but they chose each other regardless. "Okay," he says, getting up to join Leo on the floor. And it's okay. They're okay. . Everyone experiences the colours differently. For Annabeth, it comes to her in drips, raindrops of colours appearing little by little, day by day, until the storm subsides and what's left is world of rainbows. Percy's is more unexpected, more impulsive and abrupt, a one-second flip from a monochrome universe to one vibrant with energy. You should've seen it, Percy exclaims when he describes the feeling to Nico and, well, that's the problem, isn't it? Not everyone can see . Everyone experiences the colours differently. Some don't experience them at all. And that's okay. Only one percent of the population can see in colour and Nico may not be part of that small portion, but he's still in love . Leo is cuddled up against him as they spend a lazy Saturday night together watching movies. Outside, the sky isn't blue and the forest isn't green and the birds aren't multi-coloured. But when Leo smiles after telling one of his lame jokes, Nico thinks he can see tinges of yellow and orange on the roof of the older boy's mouth and when Leo is acutely focused on tampering with a machine of some sort, he is shaded brown with determination. It may not be true love but it's still love in the truest form and he thinks that maybe he doesn't need to actually find his soulmate to live a colourful life. a/n: find your own colours.