like it," Bianca says, and she is right; Nico identifies the present as a ring—girly, perhaps, but he is instantly drawn to the skull image embodied onto it. The ring is so much more than just a piece of jewelry, Nico understands immediately; it is his sister's one last message to him, her one last piece of advice: be proud that you're a child of Hades. It has only been a few minutes since he's been in possession of it, but the ring already contains so much value in his heart. When the inevitable finally comes and Bianca walks out the door of cabin 13, out the door of Nico's life, the boy holds on to her farewell present, relishing in the only piece of his sister he has left. Sleep comes to him that night a lot easier than he had initially expected; Nico settles down in bed, slides the ring onto his hand, skull facing up, and twirls it until it rests along the curve of his finger in a comfortable position. He never takes it off again. viii. Age 15 "Wake up!" Nico screams, shaking the body of his sister. He screams until has voice breaks, until he thinks he's going to lose his voice—but even then, he doesn't stop. Suddenly, everything feels claustrophobic, closing in on him, confining him in an eternal darkness. His voice shakes with anguish and despair and loss , because no one will ever tuck him in bed at night anymore and on one will whisper reassuring nothings into his ear when the world seems to be against him. The world has to be against him, he realizes now, because Bianca has been taken away from him, too. It's too much. It's all too much. Nico needs Bianca here with him; he doesn't think he will ever truly be able to feel alive without her. His sister is dead and a part of Nico has died along with her. And then: a light. An idea. His one last hope. Moving quickly through the blurry lens of his tear-filled eyes, he grabs Bianca's body—corpse—and lays her down gently on the ground. With shaking fingers and ringing ears, the boy closes his eyes and feels the power surging throughout his body, coming from the very depths inside him. Nico draws on his demigod abilities from every decaying thing around them, thinking back to when his sister smiled and laughed and still had a beating heart. He draws in energy from the Underworld; searching for Bianca's soul is easy because there is nothing else in the world that feels like her, and when he finds it, he tugs it forward, willing it to come up from below the surface. There is little resistance. A shimmer of light, a soft gust of wind, a setting sun indicating the end of another day—and Nico can see the faintest outline of his sister floating just above him. "Bianca!" the boy cries out, a newfound hope burning inside him. "D-don't worry, Bianca! I'll find a way to get you back; I'll do whatever it takes—" "No, Nico," the girl, now a ghost, frowns slightly in disapproval. "I'm dead now. You have to let me go, okay? And don't blame Percy for any of this; it wasn't his fault." Bianca looks her brother in the eyes. "And it's not your fault either." She floats down to him, gently holding him against her just like old times, and although it's not quite the same anymore and Nico can't really feel her touch, the tears that had been flowing freely down his cheeks earlier are already drying up. It must be magic, he thinks, because somehow, dead or alive, Bianca always seems to know what to say to make him feel better. Which is why he needs her all the more. "Please… please don't go." Bianca ruffles his hair. "You know it's not my choice." She kisses his forehead, a soft brush of lips against skin. "I love you, Nico," she murmurs. Pulling away, she brushes a tear away from the boy's eye. "Now—any last words for your big sister?" The son of Hades sniffles. "Sleep well, sis," Nico breathes. The skull ring on his finger seems to flash. The ghostly image that is Bianca di Angelo crumples away with the wind. ix. Nico is twenty-four when he hears his sister's voice again. Bianca's words are the breeze that caresses Nico's cheeks as he lies fallen on the ground, unmoving. She whispers to him, for one final time, "Go to sleep, my dear brother." Nico di Angelo closes his eyes. A/N: I realized that I've written a lot of stories centered around Nico but only mentioned Bianca once, in my Three Questions fanfic—and even then, she was still just a side character. So this is my tribute to Bianca, who is without a doubt an amazing sister. I admit that I don't remember much of what happened in the earlier books, so I had to search up some of the information, and I purposely kept some things inaccurate, so if you see anything that differs from canon, that's why. I also added a bunch of my own ideas—headcanons, I guess you could call them—and I hope they're acceptable too. XD I thought about adding in the fact that living on their own is hard , that it's not easy being a sister and a mother figure at the same time, that sometimes, when Bianca thinks Nico is asleep, she will cry silently, muffling her screams with her head buried in her pillow because she was only around twelve or fourteen when she had to start taking care of her brother without any guidance and she was forced to mature far too quickly— —but I figured that was a story for another time. ( THERE WILL BE A SECOND CHAPTER. Sometime in the future. I'd like to say soon, but then I wouldn't be able to guarantee the accuracy of that statement.) ~Madin456.