said that most of the guests were here already. I felt confused, what did he mean by, "most of the guests"? He better not have... I hopped down the stairs, not caring that I might've been showing too much skin for my liking. I heard music, and many, many voices. He did. Now... "PERSEUS JACKSON!" I yelled. He jumped, but continued dancing. I rolled my eyes at him and figured that I would talk to him later, but I needed to find someone who has a loud voice. Piper. I rush over to Piper, where she was dancing with Jason. I realized that they were basically grinding against each other, but if they liked that, then okay. I grabbed Piper's hand, and she squealed. "ANNABETH!" she whisper-yelled at me. "What are you doing?!" "I didn't want to throw this big of a party. Hell, I didn't even want to throw a party in general. But… Percy forced me to throw one, and we woke up at 3:00 in the god damn morning just to drive two hours to go to Party City. I'm tired, I haven't slept as much as I would've liked to, and today's a Monday! School was kind enough to give us a day off (A/N: I wish my school did that… had to go through eight hours of torture) , but I just want a break! Do you think that you could maybe... tell the people to... leave?" She blanked out for a moment, then nodded. "Yeah, sure-" Jason grabbed her again before she could even say anything. Piper squealed again and ran off to God knows where. I sighed. I decided to sit down on the couch and just try to relax. It seemed to be working, but then more people came inside with bottles of alcohol. Are you serious ?! I watched as the Stolls poured some vodka or whatever the fuck into the fruit punch that I laid out for the guests. They brought their own cases of beer, or whatever you wanted to call it. I saw Percy again, so I yelled his name. "PERCY!" He jumped again, but this time he looked at me and wiggled his way though piles of girls just dancing in one big group. "Yes, Annabeth? For the millionth time today, how may I help you?" he asked, but he did seem fairly annoyed on how many times I called his name already. I would be annoyed too. "A small party! A small fucking party! Was I speaking Japanese when I said that? Did your brain decide, 'Oh, I don't know what she's saying, let's just go think about other things, like if we're having that science test tomorrow' and stare off into outer space?!" I hissed. He frowned. "I did listen to you! I texted our friends and told them that we're throwing a Halloween party, and that they should come over. I guess the word spread around quickly, and that's what caused so many people to show up." I facepalmed. "Okay... whatever you say. If word spread around that Miss. Annabeth Nobody Chase was throwing a party, everybody would want to come- okay." He smiled at me. "You're not a nobody, Annabeth! You're my sweet, loving, passionate- I think those two things are the same thing- girlfriend! I wouldn't want anybody else to be my girlfriend, okay? You're my somebody, alright?" That was so sweet of him, I felt like crawling into his arms and just falling asleep. It wouldn't be the first time that I've done that, though. One day, we were at a field trip, and I was so tired, that I rested my head in Percy's lap and fell asleep. That was lovely. It turned 2:00 AM and the party was still going. I already chugged two cups of coffee already, and I was super close to kicking out the people that were still hanging on for dear life. The party's over, get over it! I tapped them on the shoulder and told them to get out, since we have school in the morning and I had to take down all of the decorations. The grumbled and glared, but eventually they did leave my house, and hopefully never return. That would be a great thing. I mean, I do like it when our friends are over (and by "our", I mean me and Percy's friends) but not some weird strangers that I barely know. Anyway. Percy walked over to me with my apple juice and his Cheetos. "I'm proud of you. You didn't end up killing anybody at the party! That's my Wise Girl!" I snorted. "I wanted to. But… if it makes my Seaweed Brain happy... then I'll suck it up and deal with it." He cooed at me and rested his head on my head, which was resting on his shoulder. Confusing, I know. "Wasn't it the best Halloween party of all time?" he asked me. I tapped my chin and thought about it. Even though I did hate the process of throwing a party, I will have to admit that it was a pretty fun party. But he doesn't need to know that. "Sure." "Does that mean that next year, we're throwing a Halloween party? And other parties celebrating the holidays that we celebrate? Can we, can we, can we?!" he pleaded, getting up and climbing over my lap to trap me in the couch. "No." But that "no" really meant a maybe. And maybe I'll insist that we can throw a Halloween party next year. Fin A day after Halloween. Fuck. At least I got it out. Sorry if it's shorter than what I would've liked, but I'm in a hurry (I need to leave my house at 4:30, I don't know what time it is for you… but) and I also need to do my homework. Yet I decide to finish this. THE THINGS I DO FOR YOU Anyway, please review! They make me so happy! :D