eyes at him, annoyed with his behavior. "Well, no one asked you to come join me." Things went quiet again, and she wondered why she hadn't left to go sit where everyone else. It wasn't until he cleared his throat awkwardly, making her face snap up to him, expecting him to say something cocky again. Instead of that, he surprised her once again. Though this time, it wasn't exactly in a bad way. "I'm...sorry," he said, the ending sounding almost like a question rather than a statement. Jessica didn't know what was to be said after a statement like that. She didn't know if she needed clarification, maybe it could have been about the whole Rico statement, though it hadn't really affected her that much. What exactly could he have been implying? "What do you mean?" she asked eventually. Peter's kaleidoscopic eyes darted a little up at her, before looking back down to the ground. "I...well...I haven't exactly been fair to you. Not really. I guess, there's been a whole bunch of distractions that's been coming up since high school started and...wow, this is a really crapped up apology," he said at the end, furrowing his eyebrows again after chuckling bitterly. She pursed her lips at him, something he and her were so used to, and waited for him to continue. She was honestly curious herself at how this could turn out. "Yeah?" she offered lightly. He cleared his throat again, swallowed, and she watched as his Adam's apple bobbed a little nervously, making her smile a little. She was glad she could pull that out of him. "Well...what I'm trying to say is... I have been acting really stupid around you. Like, really really stupid. And I haven't really been noticing that until I said that...that thing about Rico back in the other room. That was a low blow. I'm sorry." She nodded, not fully understanding that quite herself, but she eventually decided that she would settle with that. "Okay. Anything else?" She knew she wasn't being fair, but wanted this over with. To be honest, this whole conversation kind of hurt. Okay, really hurt. It was all just about saying sorry and other crap, but she knew where this was heading. He was basically friend-zoning her, so that's why she wanted it over with. "Ialsohappentoloveyoutoo," he zipped out, completely startling her. All her thoughts, every single perspective of her world changed from that moment on. Plus that, and she really didn't understand. She blinked. "What?" she asked, though she heard pretty clearly even though it came out fast. Instead of replying like she hoped he would, he reached with his fingers under her chin and planted one soft, sweet kiss on her lips, making all of her thoughts dissipate in one giant heap of nothing important. He smiled softly at her, and though her mind was screaming at her to go get a fucking grip, she knew she couldn't. Plus, she knew McLean way too well to know when he was lying or not. After all, they had been friends before their own personal war had started. And she also knew that if she dared start something more with him, it would definitely lead to a rocky road, she realized with a heavy heart. She knew the pain he put her through, watching all those other girls be near to him when she was more nearer to him than anybody, and it was like she didn't even exist. ...But he had apologized for that, hadn't he? Maybe things would be different now, she thought to herself. She really hoped her thoughts weren't naive. But then again, this was Peter she was talking about. She'd always known there was something different about him. "Said I love you," Peter spoke again, his eyes getting lost behind that stupid dark strand once again. He reached hesitantly toward Jessica with his hand, waiting for her to pull away or make some sort of noise to indicate that she didn't want this, but she'd be a dope if she didn't. When he saw she didn't do any of those things, he reached behind her and pulled out the tight rubber band holding her hair together, making all of her light-colored wisps come out in a heap, falling around her. He pushed back a whole bunch of bangs behind her ears and looked at her straight. She laughed a little, finally, the first sound of that she'd heard in a long, long time before saying, "I love you, too, Beauty Queen." His loving expression morphed back into a sort of confusion before staring at her questioningly again. "Beauty Queen? Why that?" Jessica shrugged, happiness overcoming her feelings more than what she could imagine, before smiling brightly again. "Guess it suits you." He thought for a while, not really staring at anything before finally residing on, "Sparky." It was her turn to be confused as hell. "What?" "That's your new nickname." "That's a lame-ass nickname," she said while laughing again, leaning in closer to him finally, like she'd always wanted to do. "So is Beauty Queen," he answered back, leaning in even closer to the point where she couldn't even see the proximity between them. "Where did you even come up with that?" She reached up on her toes to kiss him, and when she pulled back, she was happy to see the dazed look that appeared on his face, though there was an identical one on hers. "Don't know. But doesn't it sound familiar in a way?" He muttered, "Almost too much," before kissing her again, blurring everything else around them two. They would turn out well, she concluded. She would make sure of it. A/N: This was the most weirdest thing I have ever wrote. But I can't say that I didn't enjoy it. I think I got a whole bunch of pronouns and names mixed up with the whole 'she' and 'he' thing but I hope that's it. Till next time, Penguin