Her arm lightly brushes against my back, causing the tingles to come back. I look back up and she's smiling, as if what she did accomplished something. I let out a shaky laugh before the teacher comes in. He's in a wheel chair, but it doesn't seem to phase him. Then, he hops out! What?! "Hello class! sorry I'm late," he bellows out. His eyes scan the class, till he lands on me. "Oh, hello. You must be Miss Dare yes?" he asks. I nod my head. He smiles. Thank God he didn't ask me to stand and introduce myself. He looks around the class again before he slightly nods his head at..Reyna...I think. I see her nod back, then he proceeds with the lesson. That's a little odd right? Well, the rest of the day went by smoothly, and I'm actually glad that I came here. I have all my classes with Reyna, and she's a really cool person. She walked me from class to class after math. I've noticed that she'd glare at people who walked too close or who accidentally pushed me a little with their back pack. We walk out of the school. I have to walk home, but it's not that far, just that my mom doesn't get off work in time. But it's ok. I have to get home to go back out to work anyway. "Hey, need a ride?" asks Reyna nudging my shoulder. "O-Oh n-no it's ok. I d-don't want to be a b-bother," I tell her. She laughs and it's just like music. "I offered, so it's not a bother," she says. I smile a little. "Plus, you'd never be a bother to me," she says, seriously. She looks back at me, and I get sucked into her world. That gaze, and her eyes. They're so mesmerizing. "Ok," I say, and we walk off into the parking lot. I see all the fancy cars. There is a a Ferrari, a Lamborghini, and many others. I walk with Reyna, her leading the way, but she keeps checking to make sure I didn't suddenly vanish into thin air. I smile at the thought of her being so protective, though maybe she's just naturally like that. I'm about to take a step when a car backs up nearly hitting me if Reyna hadn't pushed me out of the way with her. She quickly checks me then stalks off to the car. I see her knock on the window, then a lot of whisper yelling. The car goes back in, and she comes back looking no worse for wear. "Sorry about that. Teenagers, right?" she says sarcastically. I nod my head and we walk together this time. We take a turn, and I see a 1963 Chevy Impala, white with a red pinstripe down the center. Whoa, what car. I see a group of people standing near the back. "Hey guys," says Reyna waving at them. They give her a smile and a nod and then turn to me. Oh jeez they're all like freaking hot! I see a blonde haired boy with a light scar on his upper lip, a girl with feathers entwined in her partially braided hair. She has olive skin, and looks really hot. But not as good as Reyna...whoa brain hold up! I also see the nice guy and girl who gave me directions. They smile at me, and I also see the Asian guy and the girl with frizzy hair. They look like a cute couple. "Hey Reyna!" says the blonde haired boy. "Guys, I'd like you to meet Rachel," she says looking down at me. I look back up at her, and it seems like we are having a rather intense staring contest till the girl with blonde hair clears her throat. "Reyna, aren't you gonna introduce us?" she asks. Reyna snaps out of it, and looks at me with a sheepish smile. "Oh yeah, ok so that's Jason, Piper, Annabeth, Percy, Frank, and Hazel. There are more, but they're not here right now," she says. I quickly scan their faces once more, feeling good to be able to put a name to each person. "Yeah, they're working out," says Percy. "Ok, well make sure they make it home in time," says Reyna giving Percy and Jason a look. They both nod fervently. "Right now I have to take Rachel home, so I'll meet up with you guys ok," she says. They all nod, before we hop in the car, and they saunter off to their own very fancy cars. The car ride isn't really filled with a lot of talking, but it's fine because it's really not that awkward. It's a comfortable silence. The only times it's broken is when I have to give Reyna directions. We make it to my house, and it's kind of far away from school, but not too far. It's alright. "T-thanks for the ride," I say, unbuckling my seat belt. She says welcome, but then she gets out too, coming to my side to open the door. Aw that's sweet! I smile and thank her, as she grabs my stuff with her. She starts walking, and I can't help but smile. "Last time I checked this was my house," I say. She smirks in return. "Well the walk from your car to your door can be very treacherous," she says still smirking. I shake my head and make my way onto the porch. "So...thanks," I say, taking my books from her. She looks reluctant to leave. "Um, y-yeah. Hey look you need a ride to school, I'd be happy to take you," she says, all of a sudden looking insecure. Wow from confident to nervous in like two seconds. I smile though. "That sounds nice," I say. She smiles and walks back down the porch saying bye till I actually shut my door. I slide down and smile. I think this year is gonna be pretty great. End of Chapter 1