brings out a different side of you, one that's actually focused on the other little things, and it's actually...interesting. So it's fine." He was more than confused now. He couldn't believe how fast this was turning out to be. "How...how are you taking this so..." it seemed to him that he couldn't form an actual sentence anymore. Nothing was going as planned. But he couldn't say how grudgingly relieved he was that it was. "Lightly?" Reyna shrugged. "Probably because I've been used to it from you." He frowned at that, now fully knowing how truly unfaithful he had been to her, only to get Piper, made him feel so incredibly selfish, he wanted to slap himself for it. She must have noticed his expression because she chuckled a little, trying her best to lighten up the mood. "It's okay! She makes you happy, and that's all I want to see." He stared at her blankly for a couple of seconds before nodding. "Guess our two years of dating never truly paid off, did it?" "It's been a good two years," she said thoughtfully, and he hated himself again for still not feeling anything for her even though they had been dating through those years. The truth was, the only reason why Jason asked her out in the first place was because he was mad at Piper. He hated her for not loving him the way he wanted her to. It was obvious, the way she completely ignored him for anything and everything. But then again, maybe Jason didn't have the balls to do anything. Now, however, he was so sick of not being with her, that he actually believed that he would kill if anything got in his way. But then again, that may just be the coffee he had this morning. Though looking back on it, he never had caffeine in the mornings. Or ever. This was all on him. No more blaming his feelings on anything else. He was getting Piper no matter what. He figured he must have zoned out because Reyna was snapping her fingers in front of his face to get his attention, and he glanced down at her. "I'm late for my class, thanks to you." He gave her an apologetic smile. "Sorry." She shrugged again. "Go get her, okay? And make her happy. I may have been your friend longer than she has, but I will still gut you out if you dare even think about breaking her heart." His smile became genuine. "Don't worry, Reyna. I couldn't even do it if I tried." She pushed him playfully away from her, and he waved at her before turning away to go around the corner and to follow Piper, wherever she would be. Eventually, he did find her about to enter her own class, and he let her name roll off his tongue so urgently, she dropped her books before glaring at him. Then her expression softened, and she reached down to pick up her books. He raced up to her, fumbled nervously with the books before placing them back in her arms. "Thanks," she said and smiled up at him gently. Jason nodded at her and said, "I broke up with Reyna." She stared at him before blinking. Her lips opened slightly before closing them again. Then she spoke. "What?" He noticed her shocked face and said, "yeah, I know," he said, for a slight moment feeling culpable about what happened with Reyna, but then Piper spoke again and he forgot all about her. "Why...why are you telling me so suddenly? Am I the first person to kno-" he cut her off startlingly, feeling his lips assault against hers, and her feather-like body was pushed hastily against the wall. His arms flew to her waist, and for the umpteenth time, he realized he was so done with waiting. Her books were knocked out of her hands once again as she let her arms crawl around his neck, and she dug her body into his, making all of his internal intestines shriek with an uplifting he had felt with no other person in his life. He didn't know how long they did that, nor did he care that they were in a public school area, and he didn't care that everyone was watching now. They needed to know about them. It was a no-brainer. "About fucking time," she breathed out in his arms. He could only nod his head once before he kissed her again, not having the energy to form literal words but instead showing how he felt, but unfortunately, the moment was interrupted by a clearing of the throat. "You're late, McLean," Piper's jackass teacher told them. "You too, Grace." He pointed through the door sternly, and Jason and her followed. "You're not in this class, stupid," Piper said teasingly at him. "Oh..." he said thoughtfully, his mind still wrapped around in his other thoughts about what happened before the teacher appeared. "Right. Um, I'll see you after school, then?" "'Course," she told him, another one of her famous mischievous smiles appearing on her lips, and he knew that his knees going weak would be the cause of his end. "It's Friday, right? You're taking me home." Her wink that was thrown at him made his imagination shoot, and he just stood there, a raging tingly feeling sending through his body like a tidal wave. That night, he made sure to tell her "I love you" just like he had promised to himself he would tell her from what felt like so many days ago. In fact, he didn't even have to say goodnight at all. Because the next morning he woke up next to Piper, and he smiled, knowing that he finally made the right decision for once in his lifetime. And this was one decision he sure as hell would never regret. A/N: Hope this didn't turn out crappy. Please people, be honest. I'm so confused. Till next time, Penguin