his head from her hair, bringing up a lather of chocolate locks attached to his lips by accident. He brushed it away, embarrassed, before wrapping his arms once more around her, more tightly than ever that Reyna almost thought that Piper wouldn't be able to breathe, and lightly kissed her forehead and said lovingly, "who said I was actually listening to the song?" making Piper smile with triumph. Reyna already knew what was coming up as Piper finally brought her head up from his chest to look at him in the eye. She just didn't want to hear it. She already knew from the moment the song started. She already knew that she lost him. Forever. That Piper had every single ounce of blood from Jason's heart wrapped tightly around her finger. And that it would never go away. So Reyna mentally prayed for Juno to stop what she was witnessing so she could save the heartbreak, though she knew she would be suffering from it anyway. But it turned out that Juno was just as stubborn as she was because she didn't listen. And Reyna felt all of it. The pounding heartache shattering everything that was in her. It was like nothing, no other monster could every create. And what caused it? "I love you, Piper," the love of her life was telling to another girl. "I love you a lot. You know that, right? I'm never going to let you go. I want to be with you. I want it, and I need it." The tears were blurring her eyesight now. She was practically blinded. She wanted to cry. A lot. It was hard and tough being able to build the walls around her. But she had liked it that way. She liked being hard and tough. And Jason Grace was the only person ever to break through that wall. And what did she get for that? He loved somebody else. He truly, without any other supernatural or un-supernatural thing getting in the way of his feelings, truly loved her. Piper McLean. It hurt seeing Piper smiling back up at him, killing every man that would possibly see her beam up at him the way that she did, and Reyna understood. She understood that if Jason fell in love with this girl, then she hadn't at all given her the chance to understand her. Piper McLean might actually not be that bad. If Piper could make Jason, what she thought to be her Jason , smile like that and dance with her like that and say all of that, then this girl just might be different than anybody Reyna has ever seen or heard of. Piper reached up and kissed him back, a loving soft one that even Reyna had to admit that there was a lot of hidden meaning to it that she would never understand. The last thing Reyna heard before she was put back into her own bedroom by herself, was Piper whispering, "I love you, too." And for once since Reyna met Piper McLean, she believed it. She was just gaping at open air when she saw Juno again. Her form was flickering, like she was going to disappear any second now. "Have you learned anything from this?" Reyna swallowed on nothing and everything and replied, "did...did that really happen right now? Were they seriously doing that...today and just now at two in the morning ?" Juno just nodded, completely unaffected by this conversation. "Yes. I swear it on the River Styx." Reyna didn't fully understand that, but she figured it must be Greek terminology, and she still knew that it was important. And somehow, she just knew that this was the truth. This had really happened. And after that, Juno looked at Reyna more closely and said, "I am glad now that you understand. If you don't want to witness something like that again, then I am telling you to never curse someone that deserves such high respect next time. Then maybe, you wouldn't be feeling so heartbroken right now." Reyna only nodded, speechless from everything she heard and seen, and crawled back into her bed sheets, and Juno's form completely disappeared. Reyna was now alone. She knew she wouldn't be okay. She wouldn't be okay today, tomorrow, the day after that, or maybe even any other day after that. "All is fair in love and war," they say. And now, from what she just witnessed, she still doesn't know whether or not to believe that. Because war...it hurts. It kills you on the surface, leaving haunting memories until the very end. That is what she knows from being the daughter of it. But love? It doesn't hurt. She chuckes bitterly because she couldn't believe that she had actually thought that it did. Love didn't just hurt. It stabs . All of your insides. Cutting through the surface and eating out your bones until you are left with nothing but the cold, empty core. But then how come Jason and Piper didn't have the same opinion about love? Because even through all of that pain and killing, there was something else. Something Reyna knew that wouldn't be coming to her anytime soon, but she hoped it would still happen. The radiating smiles on mothers' faces when they see their new baby, the friendships that would bond people together more than anything else in the world, and the happiness she felt that one day when she saw her sister come back all that way from the Amazons just to help her camp out when they most needed it. She thinks these thoughts as she wills herself to fall asleep. After all, love eventually heals, too. A/N: ...Did I do okay? I hope Reyna wasn't out of character. Really. I never wrote her like this before so I wouldn't know. But all tough girls need to have a limit, so there. I love reviews, by the way! They make me happy! Till next time, Penguin