happened with Percy on Friday? He got a sharp kick in his back, most likely from his other buddy Leo, and he suddenly came back to reality. Right. His name. What was that again? "Mine's...Piper, by the way. If you didn't get it on Friday," she explained, as if she was trying to reason with herself that that was the reason why he was so quiet. "Yeah, I know who you are," he said before he bit his tongue on purpose. Could he embarrass himself anymore than he already had? To try to cover it up, he quickly filled in, "My name is Jason. Jason Grace. I have a sister, too, who goes here. She looks nothing like me, except my eyes apparently. Her name's Thalia. I'm Jason." Well, he answered that question. She looked up, amusement highly filling up her breathtaking eyes, looking like she could burst out laughing any given moment before saying, "You're really cute, you know that? I like you already," and she scooped up her book-bag around her bag and left the classroom as soon as everyone was finally dismissed (the explosion was somewhat taken care of). She turned back again and said to him, "Hope I see you this Friday, too." He felt his smile crack so wide that he was sure his face would split in half, and he honestly thought that if he were to jump from the building, he would be able to fly away and never come back. At least, until Friday, that is. Friday's for babysitting. And he was sure that he'd be there for her every Friday or pretty much everyday. And so yeah, he practically floated his way all the way to Christmas Eve. That day was a Friday too, and he and Piper had gotten so close, he was sure that there was nothing else he wanted for Christmas than for Piper McLean to love him back. That day, Percy's mom did invite Piper along, not for her normal babysitting job, but for Christmas dinner, and him and his sister was invited as well. "You have no idea how freaking excited I am to meet this girlfriend of yours," Thalia told him happily, her normal annoyed mood getting washed away by the time of year. Jason himself couldn't help but feel content with life at the moment. Everything about the day just seemed right. "She's not my girlfriend. You're so fucking annoying. Leave her alone, she doesn't want to be bothered by you," he told her straight-up, though he knew that wouldn't help much. When Thalia was committed, it was scary, and normally, he knew when to back the hell off. This time, he couldn't see why. Nevertheless, the night went by fast, and everyone by the end of the day was rather joyous. Even Percy and Tyson were cooled down enough to sit down and laugh around with everyone else. They even got Percy to mention his new crush on Piper's friend Annabeth, this blonde girl that they'd met during lunch, and though he was angry at everyone for teasing him about it, he couldn't help but smile along. There was one part, however, towards the end of the night where him and Piper were walking down one of the halls, and she had abruptly stopped. When Jason turned around to ask her what was wrong, he couldn't exactly pick on why she was so shocked until he looked up at what she was looking. And when he did, honestly, his heart stopped right in his chest. ~"Oh, running back to you Oh, running back to you Yeah Oh, I would travel so far I would travel so far To get back where you are "~ Hanging up there, was the familiar green plant that Jason in the back of his mind knew that someone, most likely his fucking sister, put up there, knowing that it would boggle his brains out. And he was right, judging from where Thalia and the others were crowded at the door, ready to head into the night. Thalia looked up at him and chuckled before winking and making immature kissy faces, while he silently cursed her out. Were curses supposed to have blessings in them? Jason turned back to Piper with a flushed face, "Oh my God, this was all my sister. All of it. She put it here to - " And, then, of course of course of course of course, though it wasn't obvious at all, Piper reached up with one hand behind his flaming neck and effectively kissed him to shut him up. And Jason was amazed at how he actually had the guts to kiss her back, even through all the elation that was jumping up like Christmas booze through his system, and he thought he would float away with happiness. When she finally pulled back, she smiled up at him shyly once again before whispering, "See you next Friday?" And all he could do was nod incoherently and snatch another kiss from her before she walked away from him for who knew how long, and he didn't even get to properly say goodnight to her. Though January wasn't until a couple of days, his new year's resolution was that Piper would kiss him without a fucking plant mingling in the way, and he'd finally get to be with her. Then maybe, hopefully, one day, she'd want to see him on days not just Friday. ~" All this time we were waiting for each other All this time I was waiting for you Got all this love, can't waste it on another So I'm straight in a straight line running back to you "~ A/N: Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays (whatever, early I guess)! Hope y'all have a nice break! Also, a computer won't be available to me for a while since I'm going on vacation for like, 12 days? Probably. So don't expect updates till a while. Sorry about that. Till next time, Penguin