well, he decided, the damage is already done. In normal cases he wouldn't have brushed it off so quickly as he just then did, but Piper's fingers were already around his cock, brushing up his length lustfully. He emitted the loudest moan he'd made that night, and it only got worse when Piper cut straight to the chase and licked his head. "Fuck," Jason said, even to that day, still not used to the fact that Piper knew how to pleasure him well. Piper groped her way from the base of his cock to the head, who unlike him, slowly sucked him off, the way he actually loved it. It gave him time to actually savor the feeling of her lips on his most private place, and the thought brought him shivers of all sorts. He gripped her hair before bringing himself into her throat even more, loving the way she stared at him sharply when she did this. Then, he felt himself touch something from the inside of her mouth. Something solid, something...slightly cold. He grunted a little, frustrated, yet he was still majorly turned on as the object rubbed against him in the most sensual way he would have thought, and his skin crackled with electricity. "Fuck, Pipes, w-what...what do you have..." he said breathlessly, the lights starting to flicker off and on as he only got more needy as the seconds passed by, "in your mouth?" She didn't answer until he came himself, a few moments earlier than normal, due to whatever was in Piper's mouth, and she pulled out, staring up at him hesitantly. He could tell that something was bothering her, and when she spoke next, he felt himself stiffen slightly. "It's...my piercing." She opened her mouth and stretched out her tongue for him to see, a slight silver nub in the midst of her mouth, almost winking back at him alluringly. "Look...it doesn't even hurt, and it's not uncomfortable." As if to prove her point, she brought Jason's finger and rubbed it along the piercing and swirling it softly. He cleared his throat; lightning flashed and boomed across the sky as he realized it had been raining while they had been...active. And he saw why. When Piper came back from wherever she had been, he'd been asleep, and in order to distract him from the fact she had gone out and gotten a piercing, she decided to prove to him how amazingly the piercing could be when in effect. "Wait," he said; he felt like a record had scratched within his brain as he took it all in. "This whole time, you've been trying to distract me from the fact you got a piercing?" She nodded hesitantly, sending him a guilty expression. "And you waited until I pleasured you first before I found out about it?" She nodded again sheepishly. "And that was the thing that kept poking me on my cock?" She sighed before nodding once more. "Do you really not like it?" Piper said quietly, frowning at him with a disappointed puppy-face at him. He knew that no matter what he said at this point would convince her to get rid of her new addition, but that wasn't what he was focusing on by that point. With a mind thinking of its own, he lunged at her, kissing her furiously, prying her mouth open to coax her embedded tongue with his own free one and explored her mouth thoroughly. She fell backwards as he once again took his dominating position over her, and without even thinking it through himself, he let his cock plunge into her entrance. Piper let out a sound that almost was a scream from the accidental force he put into his movements, and he let her adjust before thrusting himself into her in a strategic motion. He stroked through her endlessly, his eyes glued shut as he continued to maul her lips with his own. He felt her breasts moving as well below him, and he groaned in passion, squeezing them in order to stop them from distracting him from his frenzied task. Her hips met his as they clashed together, her mouth a piece of work against his skin, and they let out breathy nothings into each others ears as they moved together. Sex was something like fighting, he considered to himself. The adrenaline rush he got from it like he could do just about anything when he had the weapon in hand. But this with Piper was completely different in its own way. Making love to her was something so mindbogglingly incomprehensible that it made him feel like he set himself on fire, and he was just laying there, basking in his own ashes from the fall. That was something he could only get from Piper. He continued like that, him impaling her relentlessly but still cautious of how she would be feeling, and her meeting his every movement willingly. That was the way they loved each other; though they fought with each other about as many times as they had sex, and about meaningless things that they'd forget about in seconds, he couldn't help but feel enlightened. And when they finally reached their climax together, and they laid there in a breathless heap of organs, he realized just how destructive they were to each other. Like the other was a time-bomb, and they were just waiting to see which one would blow up first; except the fact he wouldn't let that happen. So when Piper asked him with that cocky smirk of hers, her smile lightening up her entire face so that her eyes gleamed with color back at him, "I'm guessing you did like it, then?", he smiled back at her. He gathered her limbs into his arms and held her tight to his chest, not quite answering her question, though he didn't need to. That woman already knew the damn answer to her own question. He loved her; therefore, he loved her piercing.