can't touch me yet." At least it was a start, he rationalized, though he found himself slowly getting greedy for more attention from her. He wanted her all over him, and him all over her, just like the way it should be. He didn't like this arrangement they had, but then again, he never did. Before his brain could process what was going on, she fumbled with her buttons before shoving down the remaining of her jeans and tugging down her underwear and painting it across the tan canvas that was her legs. I've just seen heaven. He bit the corner of his lip in apprehension as he awaited for her to come closer to him. She swung her legs across the middle of his chest, and he heard himself take a sharp inhale of his breath when he felt something moist pool around from where she was sitting. Piper noticed this before smiling softly down at him. "I-I did that to you?" he asked in bewilderment. "B-but I didn't even...do anything." She laughed tenderly down at him. "You don't have to. You just...do." This time, when she reached down to kiss him, it was a lot more solicitous and compassionate than it was before. And he appreciated that because that was the one thing he could return back to her at that moment. He sent her a heartwarming grin and much more that words couldn't quite describe, though he could try. "Though you're the biggest tease to have existed in the history of obnoxious teases ever," he pointed out, tilting his head up at her to take a better look at her. "I still absolutely, wholeheartedly adore you to the depths of this earth and back. I love you, seriously." She rolled her eyes. "That was almost romantic." She dragged her whole body downwards to lay down on him when he groaned as her breasts and lower intimate bits moved perkily along with her across his chest. She was gorgeously beautiful, he'd admit, but gods shoot him if he didn't want to take her savagely against all the objects in the house right then. Piper murmured in his ear lightly, "I love you too, Jason." He laughed slightly, trying to ease himself though it didn't work considering everything anatomically on him was absolute diamond hard at the sheer moment, and he couldn't find it in him to move at all. He became serious as he sighed out: "Now do me." Piper shot Jason one last teasing, seductive, and sexy smile before wrapping his arms around him to hold him still (not that her charmspeak wasn't doing that already) and lifting her hips and hovering over his provokingly aching length. She let herself there for a long while before he started to get rather impatient and was on the verge of opening his mouth and barking out 'what is taking so long, woman' when she finally, finally, and finally brought down her moist entrance to meet his key whilst her legs wrapped around his hips. He moaned loudly, his mind becoming mush gravy and head rolling back to the pillows once more as his eyes met Piper's enriching colorful ones and focused on her and their love-making. After a couple of heart-wrenching moments, she lifted herself off of his numbing hips and brought herself down upon him again, and again, and again. As her body bounced against his, he forced all his concentration into lifting his hips up and down into colliding with hers, and he was very happy with himself when he realized he could do that. Jason's head reached up to nibble slightly on Piper's bottom lip and embraced the sound of her first vibrating moan of the enticing night. She reached down fully and grasped his lips with hers, bringing their passion for each other into one bruising kiss, and he was so entranced, that he didn't even notice his hands lift up like they had a mind of its own and rake them across her hips, forcing her to come down his length less teasingly and more appealingly. His hands cupped around her waist for a while, him forgetting in the back of his head just how soft her skin was against his calloused feel, before swiftly plunging them up and squeezing her breasts, circling her nipples as he did so. I just broke through the charmspeak. I'm free to do whatever I want. She gasped as she just noticed the new information herself. "J-Jason..." He couldn't form any possible comprehensive sentence or even a fragment at that moment because at the state of his brain, nothing could save him now, but he really wanted to bite back at her 'so how does it feel like to have the lower-hand?', and he was only slightly disappointed when he couldn't. Their hips were coming together now at an alarmingly fast-paced rate, their original synchronized setting now choppy and impatient. He felt himself plunging deeper and harder with every thrust, and she the same as at last, they rode out their highs together, coming in unison and screaming the others' name. Thank gods for birth control. They laid there, breathing uncharacteristically fast and inhuman (then again, they weren't fully so, being half-god and all) together, and he breathed her in, trying to make sure she was real. "I love you," Jason said finally, "I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I so fucking love you." Piper laughed slightly then, releasing, "I love you, too, but you always knew that anyway," and he realized then as companionable silence fell upon them, that nothing was more existent than them two together, holding each other for the rest of forever. That stupid boy Darren, in the form of his alone and sulking self, could go suck himself and all the others that couldn't reach on their level for all Jason would care, anyway. She was his, and that was all.