pulled away to catch their breath, that this was the best, very best, feeling in the world. "Do you know," he said quietly, gently running his thumb along Nico's jaw, "just before you arrived back, Drew put that hat on me." Nico's eyes lit up. "She did?" "Yup," Will said, beginning to grin. "And she said it was the best reaction she'd seen, before yours. So I must've looked just as goofy as you." The side of Nico's mouth twitched. "I wish I could have seen it." "Yeah, well," Will said. "Austin and Kayla did, and they said I looked pretty dumb. Do you know what I said to them?" Nico's mouth quirked into a full smile, anticipating something stupid, probably. It was the loveliest thing Will had ever seen. "What?" "I told them I loved you." Nico's smile faltered in surprise, turned into a small stunned "o." Will might have lamented that if suddenly Nico's hands weren't on either side of his face, pulling him back down again into the deepest kiss he had ever given Will. The press of Nico's lips were like lightening, short circuiting his brain as Will just stood there, limp in the warm touch of Nico's hands, the feel of his mouth and his tongue and his taste, the press of Nico's chest against his own. When Nico finally pulled away, Will's legs felt like jelly beneath him, and Nico laughed, a smile curling on his lips. "Don't fall," he murmured, pushing Will's hair away from his eyes with warm fingers. His gaze was bright and full. Will only smiled at him weakly. "Wait," Will said later in the Hades cabin, snacks they'd pilfered from the Big House spread out on Nico's bunk as a makeshift meal for the dinner they'd missed. "You never really told me why you needed to visit Camp Jupiter just a week before everyone came." To his surprise, Nico blushed. He took a bite of Fruit Roll Up. "I did tell you. I needed to see Hazel." Will rolled his eyes. "Why couldn't you just wait a week, though? She looked fine." "There was nothing wrong with her," Nico muttered. Will blinked. "Was there something wrong with you ?" Nico stuffed the rest of the Fruit Roll Up into his mouth. "Nico…." "Ugh, fine," he said, running a hand over his face. "It's really dumb, okay." Now Will was interested. "What?" "I- I knew our, you know, one year anniversary was coming," Nico started, flush on his cheeks deepening. "And I didn't know what to get you." Will stared. "So you traveled across the country just so your sister could help you get me a present?" Nico looked at him meekly. "Yes?" Will stared at him for another beat, then burst out laughing. "You are such a dork." "I freaked out, okay!" Nico said, pulling his legs up to his chin. "I've never done this before! I mean, you know- " Nico looked at him. "I didn't want to get you something dumb and screw everything up." "You didn't have to get me anything at all, you big dummy," Will said, but his heart was melting in his chest. "I wanted to," Nico muttered. Will beamed and leaned across the mound of junk food between them to kiss Nico's cheek. When he pulled away, Nico was blushing again, but he looked pleased. "I know it's not for a few weeks," Nico said, playing with the Fruit Roll Up wrapper in his hands, "but can I give it to you now?" Will nodded. "Sure, if you want to." "I do," Nico said, and pulled his backpack from the ground where it was resting beside his bed. He reached into a pocket and pulled out a small pouch. "Hold out your hand." "Ooh, is it jewelry?" Will said, and a small smile flickered across Nico's face. He upturned the pouch, and out fell a tiny… skull. "It's a bead," Nico said, face going red again. "I- um, I made it. Hazel helped me, she's good at this kind of stuff. It's, you know-" He nodded to the necklace of beads around Will's neck, the one that marked all his years at Camp Half-Blood. "I means one year." Will stared at it, and then looked up at his boyfriend. "Nico," he said. He leaned forward and kissed him again, this time on the lips. "It's perfect, thank you." He looked at it again. The skull was smirking, he thought, just a little. He closed his fist around it and held it to his heart. "I love it." Nico's cheeks were rosy and he looked sheepish, but happy. He looked even happier when Will untied the necklace around his neck to add the bead, positioning it right in the middle, between all his camp ones. "I'll have to get you a sun bead." "Shh, don't ruin the surprise," Nico said, settling himself back against his pillow and grabbing another pack of gummies. Will poked him in the ankle with his socked toe. Nico poked him right back. Maybe they'd only been dating a year, maybe they still had a lot of work to do and communication issues to sort out, and maybe they hadn't shared all their inner demons and outer workings, but they were good, Will thought. They were just really good . He touched the new bead hanging around his neck. The first, he thought, of many. And he knew Nico was watching, but the boy still tried to hide his smile. Will beamed. Will Solace was positively sure of three things. 1. He was unwaveringly devoted to his boyfriend of nearly a year, Nico di Angelo. 2. Of all the demigods at Camp Half-Blood, the Aphrodite kids were not to be toyed with. 3. And if they tried to toy with you , well, you'd just have to deal with the consequences. ("Idiot. I'm still embarrassed." "Whatever. I still loved it." "You're a dork." "Right back at ya, Death Boy.")