rival's love confession and turned his shocked eyes towards the blushing Thalia. He did always have a crush on her after meeting her for the first time when the Golden Fleece did its job, but he didn't think she had truly felt that way for him. Though looking back on their most recent experience, he did just take her virginity, something that was considered sacred to the Hunter, so he supposed that did say something about her feelings for him. He also knew that he would have to take responsibility for their carnal act, especially since he had come inside her without any form of protection or his mother would kill him upon finding out before handing him over to Zeus. So as he thought about how it didn't sound too bad about having the daughter of Zeus as a girlfriend, he smiled at her and kissed her forehead before whispering, "I love you too, Thalia." Seeing the bright and happy expression on her face made the son of Poseidon proud of his choice as she climbed up his body a bit to kiss him again. Percy only had one thought for his experience with the two women in his life. ' Life may have sucked with Annabeth cheating on me, but now… now life is good!' -Forest of Camp Half-Blood; One Summer after Gae was defeated- "You know, it's funny how they still think nobody has caught on to what they're doing," Thalia Grace, new secret girlfriend of Percy Jackson, said as she sat comfortably in the lap of her new boyfriend alongside Piper and Leo in a secret compartment inside the Fist of Zeus stone pile made from Hazel's experimentations with her Geokinesis, while watching Annabeth and Jason's 'fight' through a one-sided enchanted glass that looked like simple stone from the outside thanks to an enhanced layer of the Mist. "I know right?" Piper said with an annoyed look directed at her former Roman boyfriend as the Annabeth rode atop of said Roman and the daughter of Aphrodite moaned in pleasured relief as Leo rubbed her sore back and shoulders from where he was kneeling behind her spot. "It's funny how they think we're stupid enough to not realize what the hell they've been doing for the past year and a half." Leo hummed in agreement as he got his new girlfriend to purr in pleasure at the feeling of his hands smoothing out a knot that had formed in her back from when she was sparring with Reyna in the new Camp Half-Blood coliseum. Piper and Leo had decided to get together as boyfriend and girlfriend after they found Jason cheating on the daughter of the Love goddess with the daughter of Athena in the Big House Attic on Christmas day of the previous year and they had learned of how long it had been going on from Thalia and Percy, who they had gone to inform about his girlfriend's new hobby. Now the two new couples made a habit of getting together to watch to two idiots make fools of themselves while unknowingly becoming exhibitionists. Moaning out in pleasure as Percy stroked the side of her stomach; Thalia sent a mock glare in the son of Poseidon's direction. "You honestly want to do that now?" Getting a nod from her beau while Piper and Leo just chuckled at them over where the Latino's massage had moved to occupy the sides of Piper's breasts, Thalia let out another moan of pleasure as Percy's hand trailed down her sensitive stomach towards the boarder of her pants, the child of Zeus fondly remembering the night they had spent together last night in Jackson's cabin before his hand pushed aside the fabric of her pants and underwear before he began stroking her nether lips. Stopping him for a moment and getting him to look at her with furrowed brows of confusion; she smiled gently and twisted around so that she was facing him while straddling his hips. "I've got something that I meant to tell you this morning," she whispered in his ear, getting a look of curiosity from her boyfriend. "I'm two months late…" That was the last thing Percy heard before he gaped and looked into his girlfriend's happy electric blue eyes as she nodded in confirmation, causing the young demigod to pass out with a giggle coming from Thalia and a gaping look from Leo, while Piper merely looked jealous. It is a good life. Hey there guys how did you like my lemon between Percy and Thalia as a way for a prequel to my first story that was a coupling between Jason and Annabeth? I hope it was good as good as the first, if not better; I am utterly sorry for the late posting of a new story, I have been super busy, then depressed cause I couldn't think of anything to do and finally getting off my ass with determination to write a good story for the masses. The first thing for this story was that I wanted to make an idea of how Percy reacts to finding out about Annabeth and Jason's relationship, but I couldn't come up with the time to write it, nor could I decide whether I wanted him to fuck Reyna, Thalia or Piper. Eventually I just decided on Thalia after looking at my old files and thought it would be a good way to say fuck you to Thalia's prick of a father. So I hope you guys enjoyed this story, that's all for now. Oh! One last thing, if any of you would be willing to share an idea of how I should do my second chapter for my Heaven's Fury story, I would be forever thankful because I have been absolutely stuck on how to continue it. I will ensure to add the name of the person who gave me the idea when it is published. P.S. I intend on introducing Kushina in the chapter.