her high. "Oh gods, I've never felt like that before in all my life..." Artemis groaned as she began coming down and her silver eyes met her brother's golden iris'. "I am glad I was able to bring this pleasure to you, my beautiful huntress," Apollo said with a loving smile. "Yes, but I want more. This isn't nearly enough for me dear brother," Artemis said with a moan as she felt her brother's shaft move inside her when she twitched her waist. Apollo gave a wolfish grin and nodded before he began pumping into her again glad to be able to hold his twin like this after so many eons of fighting to protect her. The Sun God thrusted in and out this time at a fast pace, instantly making the Moon Goddess scream in ecstasy as his cock slammed into her womb's entrance with each thrust. Artemis was holding on for dear life as Apollo bottomed out inside her with each thrust he gave to her soaked and quivering womanhood; Her legs were locked around her fellow Olympians' waist as her flawless arms wrapped themselves around Apollo's head, tangling her fingers in his golden locks and pulling him to her sweaty breasts. Apollo smiled happily as he licked and sucked up all of the sweat that covered his beautiful twin's chest area and wrapped his left arm around her back while his right hand moved from Artemis' hips and sought out the Goddess' clit. The driver of the sun quickly found his target and began stroking the sensitive nub with his skilled fingers. With Artemis still being new to the sensations brought to a person through sex, this sent her through a massive orgasm due to it being added to the massive pleasure she was already feeling from his cock slamming into her cervix with each thrust and his mouth on her breasts and once again, Apollo stopped his thrusts in order to hold in his straining and impending orgasm, wanting to share it with her completely. They started again after Artemis woke back up from the unconscious bliss she had been hurled into and this act continued to happen a total of four more times, reaching well into the evening before Apollo fired off his life granting seed deep within Artemis' trembling womb just as she gave her final orgasm. With a gasp, Apollo pulled out of his sister's cunt with his cock feeling sore and the Sun God himself tired for the first time in the past thousand years. Artemis herself just lay there, pressed up against her brother's stomach as his arm held her to him via around her taut stomach with both of them exhausted, but both extremely satisfied. "I love you Apollo," Artemis finally said after a few minutes of the two Olympian gods cooling down from their most recent coupling. "I love you too Artemis," Apollo said as he leaned over her and tilted her head so that he could kiss her on the lips. "You are mine and I am only yours for the rest of time, I will never let you get away from me again my beautiful moonlight." Artemis just smiled at him before her tired silver eyes slowly began to fall shut and her last thoughts were, ' I know.' -Meanwhile on the Island of Delos- Leto, mother of both Artemis and Apollo, sighed with happiness alongside her two guests as they watched Artemis and Apollo finally complete the love they had denied each other for so long through a viewing crystal the goddess had made for her two children to be able to watch over them since she wasn't allowed on Olympus because of Hera's jealous decree. "It's about time isn't it Selene?" The only male of their current group said with a brilliant smile that lit the room with sunlight, revealing Leto's guests to be two certain titan-gods that everyone from the Olympians, Demigods and the Minor gods all believed to have faded back at the founding of Rome. "Yes it is Helios, yes it is." The one named Selene said as she cued in happiness that her cute successor to the title of Moon Goddess had finally found love in the arms of her twin, just like she had so long ago in the arms of Helios. Leto smiled at the love between the two deities that everyone thought to be faded before turning her attention back to her own twins and giving a serene smile, ' Always cherish this love and make sure to always protect each other from any forces that wish to stop you, my beloved Moon and Sun.' Hey there guys, how did you like this story? I hope it was good. For this story I wanted to write a lemon between Artemis and Apollo that showed what they did together after Artemis was saved by her Hunters and Percy's group; and it was fun adding in the interaction with Ares at the door of Apollo's temple. For the next story of 'Romance Between' I will be doing a Bleach fiction that will have Soifon and Ichigo coming together as the two students of Yoruichi, it will be set after the ending of the Ryoka Invasion of Soul Society after Aizen betrayed the Soul Reapers. Last thing I have for information wise, I will be writing a Fairy Tail-Naruto crossover that I got the idea for from Fairy Tail Dragon Slayer's 'Naruto the Apprentice of the Fairy Queen'. Just because I don't want to be made out to be a plagiarizer, I got permission from him to use his story as a basis. For the summary that I am still writing up, it is basically an alternate route where instead of Naruto being trained by Erza and inheriting her magic, he is trained by Jellal in the ways of using Heavenly Body Magic and the magics that Mystogan used. That's all for now, have fun. PLEASE REVIEW WHEN YOU'RE DONE READING!