with Annabeth (they had both fallen asleep, and Percy had woken up the nest morning with blonde hair covering his face and someone laying across his chest), it starts happening more. After a shift at the restaurant, Percy will climb up the tree outside of Annabeth's house and shimmy into the window. He usually stays for a few hours while they watch a movie or talk, but he usually goes back to the apartment before he can fall asleep. Paul is on a business trip for the rest of the week though, and Percy doesn't want to stay by himself. Annabeth gets it before he even says anything about it, demanding that he come over that night so they can binge watch some new show she found on Netflix. Because her dad is home, Percy climbs up the tree and slips inside her window. She watches in amusement from her bed, where she's eating popcorn and sipping a glass of juice. "Enjoying the show?" He asks, setting his backpack down and shedding his jacket. She nods, "Yep. Now if you would hurry up, I've been dying to watch this show all day." So Percy crawls up onto her bed and curls up on his side beside her. He rests his head against her thigh, and he hums happily when she threads her fingers through his hair. It doesn't take long for him to fall asleep, and even though Annabeth will tease him for it when he wakes up, it's totally worth it. Ω Even though it's not really a special day or anything, Percy finds himself sitting beside his mom's grave with his arms wrapped around his legs and his head resting against his chest. He's not talking this time, and he feels kind of numb inside. And the thing is, nothing really upsetting happened to trigger it. Like, sometimes he thinks about his mom and that makes him upset, or Annabeth will say something that kind of sounds like her, and he shuts down for a few seconds, but this time, everything was completely normal one minute and then the next he was trying to figure out how it was fair that his mom was gone. He knows that it's ridiculous to act like this, but Annabeth says that she's done some research lately and it looks like it's normal. She says that it's just a reaction to all of the stress. It doesn't mean that he likes it, but if Annabeth thinks it's fine then okay. So that's where she finds him, sitting on the ground and staring at nothing. Percy feels her fall down beside him, and he looks over at her. She's staring at him gently, and she reaches out slowly, weaving her fingers with his. "I don't know why I'm here," he says. "It's okay," Annabeth answers immediately, tightening her grip on his hand. They sit there together in silence for a few more hours, then Annabeth is pulling on Percy's hand and asking him to get up and come home with her. They're walking down the sidewalk of all things when he realizes that he's in love with her. It hits him so hard that he jerks to a stop, like he physically ran into something. Annabeth is holding his hand, so the movement causes her to stop too, yanking on his arm. She's staring at him now. He can see her mouth moving as she tells him something, but he can't hear her. Suddenly, Percy feels like an idiot. It's been obvious this whole time; of course he loves Annabeth. He's probably loved her since that very first day that he met her. And god, it's taken him months to realize it. Before he knows what he's doing, one of his hands settles on her cheek and he pulls her in closer until she's pressed against him. Her eyes are wide, and Percy finally hears her when she starts saying his name. She's looking at him like something is wrong and she needs to fix it. "Annabeth," he murmurs, leaning his head down. She is frozen in place, looking up at him in surprise. Her hand comes up to cover his, and she steps a fraction of an inch closer. "Percy, what's wrong?" "I love you," he blurts out. "I'm in love with you." She's staring up at him, tears in her beautiful gray eyes, and there's three heartbeats before she curls her fingers into his hair and yanks his head down until his lips meet hers. She pushes back from him suddenly, and Percy is still dazed so he doesn't hear what Annabeth is saying to him. She has his face in her hands, and her mouth is moving again. It takes him a few seconds to realize that she's telling him that she loves him too. "I love you too, Percy," she says. There's a small smile pulling at her lips, and there are a few tears running down her face too. He wipes them away with one of his thumbs. "Are you… are you sure?" He asks her, knitting his eyebrows together because seriously, is this real? She's laughing now, and she tugs him closer to brush her lips against his again. A shock goes down his spine. "Of course I'm sure, you loser. I love you." Then he's smiling, and he can't really remember the last time his heart felt so full. His chest feels light and heavy at the same time, and all of a sudden, he feels like he has someone again. But really, he's had Annabeth this whole time. It only took this long for him to realize it because he was so oblivious. He can hear his mom's laughter in his ears when Annabeth takes his hand and presses a kiss to his cheek before dragging him down the sidewalk. There's a ridiculous smile on his face now, and Percy doesn't think it will ever go away. A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative