at her sheepishly. "Hey." "Hey." "Thanks for um...saving my life and stuff. I really appreciate that." Reyna gave a weary smile, too tired to retaliate. "Of course." She whispered. "I was not about to give up on you." Nathan smiled back, rubbing his thumb over her knuckles. "Well thanks for not giving up on me." There was a moment of comfortable silence, where a calm atmosphere wrapped around them. It was quiet and peaceful. Well, it was peaceful until Nathan saw her leg. "Reyna!" He exclaimed. "What happened?" Reyna tried to shrug it off. "The lion scratched me. It's nothing." Nathan started at her bloody calf. She hadn't had the time or the effort to clean up since the fight. "That does not look like a scratch." Reyna squeezed his hand. "Nathan really, I'll be fine. I've had worse." Nathan's eyes widened. "Worse? You've had worse?" Reyna looked away. "Yes. This...this happens all the time." Reyna winced when she realized that was true. Nathan scowled. "But you're hurt!" Reyna fought back a smile. "I'm fine." She repeated. "I'm more worried about you. It's shocking you survived." Nathan got silent. "A-about that. I...that lion...that was real right?" Reyna was unsure how to answer. After all, Nathan was a mortal. It was a debate how much she should tell him. Finally, she gave in. "Yes. It was real." For a moment, Nathan just stared at her. Then he shook his head. "It was huge. I can't believe...you killed it on your own. That thing was the size of a truck." Reyna smiled softly. "Recliner chairs have many uses." Nathan scowled, like he couldn't believe his ears. "But no lion is that big. It just isn't possible. What was that thing?" Reyna worried her lip. If she told him the truth, there was a chance he wouldn't believe her. A chance he would leave like all the others had. But he deserved to know. Not telling him would be no different than lying. And she was so tired of lying. "A monster." She answered. "It was a Greek monster." "What?" "That was the Nemean lion, from Greek mythology." Nathan eyed her skeptically, and she didn't blame him. She probably appeared to be hysterical - in shock. After all, she'd just told him something impossible. Something that didn't make sense. "What do you mean?" Reyna felt a little surprised by his curiosity. He seemed like he genuinely wanted to hear more about his world being turned upside down. So she continued to explain. "What I'm saying, is that all the Greek myths, all the gods, all the monsters, they're not myths. They're real." She waited for him to ridicule, to tell her she was wrong. But he didn't. He stayed silent. "Sometimes, the gods...they have children with mortals, or humans. Their children are called half-bloods - demigods. I...I'm a demigod. My mother is Bellona, the Roman goddess of war." Reyna took a shaky breath, trying to calm herself. She was very aware of the fact that Nathan's hand was still clasped in her's. He hadn't let go. And then, she let her words run free. She retold her entire life story, from killing her own father, to getting kidnapped by pirates, to becoming Praetor, and everything in between. It felt like the Tiber had been collecting behind a dam, and when the dam broke, all the water came rushing lose, relieving the pressure, making everything as it should be. She had to admit, Nathan was a good listener. Not once did he interrupt or cut her off, he just let her talk. He just sat there and watched her, listened to her, got lost in the story. Every now and then, she'd steal a glimpse of him, to see what he was thinking. Occasionally, his face would twist into a scowl, like when he heard about her journey across the Atlantic. Other times, he would grin and choke back a laugh, like when he heard about the "accident" on her fourth birthday. But most of the time, his expression was hard to read, and he just sat there, hanging on her words. By the time she was finished, Reyna was thoroughly exhausted, and her mouth was dry. She wasn't looking at Nathan. Her eyes were fixated, instead on the floor. She was afraid that even after three hours of talking, he would still reject her. That he would still write her off as crazy, or insane. It hurt too much to hope otherwise. Reyna had seen firsthand what happened when you had false hope; it tore you apart. Nathan was quiet for so long, she thought he'd fallen asleep, but then he finally spoke to her. "Well…" his expression turned sheepish, and Reyna could see him turning everything over in his mind, debating what to say. Reyna's heart sank. He didn't know what to tell her. Didn't know how to tell her. She stared at their hands, still intertwined. Why hadn't he let go yet? Finally, he cleared his throat. "If I'm going to date you, I guess I better take fighting lessons." A/N: Well, there you go! I hope you thought this was just as adorable as I did, and please, no ridicule about how you ship Reyna with someone else or if she should stay single. My friend just gave me this cute idea of Reyna falling in love with a mortal, and I decided to write a one-shot about it (thanks April!). Also, if you didn't notice, I used one of my fav. OCs! LEO HANSEN. You might never see him again, but I just felt like adding him in there ;) Sorry for the slow update on the Little Merman doc, but I promise you I'm working on it. I've just been really busy these past few weeks, not to mention me scrambling to finish this fic, but please do have some patience. I'll get to you as soon as I can. Love you guys so so much! R&R. -Amy