Cerberus or any giant, "I came to see you. I need to talk to you." Nico's gaze shuttered and for a second he looked as empty as he had after Shadow-travelling the Athena Parthenos all the way to Camp Half-Blood. He flicked his fingers at Cerberus and the monster dog loped off. "Well in case you haven't noticed, I'm a little busy," he sounded like he was forcing every word out through a throat full of broken glass, "so if you'd like to come back later-" He turned away, screw not being able to move, Will crossed to him in three strides and grabbed his arm, turning Nico back to face him. "No, we need to do this now. Otherwise you'll just avoid me for the rest of eternity and I can't live with myself a moment longer without making sure you don't believe what you said about you not being good enough for me." Nico avoided his gaze, Will's heart broke all over again. He took a deep, steadying breath, "Death Boy, Nico, listen to me. I love you. I love everything about you. You are perfect to me and some of the things that make you 'imperfect' are the most perfect things about you. You are the best thing that has ever happened to me. But if you don't want to be with me," his voice wobbled, "then that's your choice. But don't do it because, don't ever think, that you're not good enough. Because you are so much more than that." Will was struggling not to cry but Nico was well past that now, there were silent tears running down his face, "I love you," he admitted and Will would have wept in relief and happiness except he could sense the 'but' that was coming next. "But this, " he swept his arm around in an arc, encompassing the Underworld, the three headed dog receding in the distance, the hellhounds baying for blood, the booms and crashes as giants destroyed things and the wailing of the souls of the dammed. "This is my legacy, this is who I am and this is all I have to offer. I can't do it. Not to you." There wasn't a step between them but Will took one closer anyway and wrapped his arms around his Death Boy, "you are so much more than this. And when I said I loved you I meant all of you. This is part of who you are and who you are is wonderful." That was when Nico broke down, sobbing into his chest as Will held him tightly. After a while, Nico pulled away, taking a step back though he didn't move out of Will's space, his eyes were red-rimmed and puffy, "I'm so sorry about all of this. Let's-" He broke off, his eyes widened. "Will! L-" Will never saw the spear as it went through his back, he barely felt the pain as it protruded through his chest. He never even found out what sort of creature had attacked him. All he knew was that Nico seemed to be shouting. And now Will couldn't hear his voice. For the third time in ten minutes Will's world heaved and this time he lacked the strength to keep him on his feet. He fell, Nico caught him before he hit the ground and lowered him gently. He shouted something else Will didn't hear as his world went fuzzy and he was dimly aware of the dead erupting around them to deal with his attacker as Nico tried to stop the bleeding. And Will was a medic, he knew a fatal wound when he saw one. Nico's voice finally penetrated the fog in Will's brain, "-get you to Camp Half-Blood." Will knew he would never make it that far, he wouldn't even make it in a Shadow-travel to Hades' Palace. And Nico knew it too. Huh, Will finally understood. This wasn't Hades' idea of a joke. It was Aphrodite's. He had come here expecting to find his true love and then maybe lose him forever. Instead, his true love had found him and would now lose him forever. "Dad!" Nico screamed, "Apollo!" Neither God answered him, his own father was off fighting giants and this was the Underworld, Apollo held no sway in this domain. Will's world was fading to black and now he was aware of not so much a pain as a... pressure in his chest. Dimly he knew he was dying but there were more important things to worry about. Somehow he found the strength to wipe away Nico's tears, "hey," he said, his voice a rasp, "it's okay. I got to be with you again. It's okay." Nico shook his head vehemently, tears that Will no longer had the strength to wipe away spilling down his cheeks, "don't talk like that. I'm going to get you help." The shadows stirred around them as he prepared to move them both. "This is fine... right here," Will had always hoped, that when he would inevitably die, it would be in a bright, sunny place filled with life. But here was better. It wasn't the place that was important, it was the people. The hand Will had used to wipe away Nico's tears lost its strength and fell onto the son of Hades' chest with a soft 'thump.' Even with his senses dimming Will could still feel Nico's warmth under his palm. "I'm dying in the arms of my first love. The man I'll always love. I love you Nico. And one day... you'll meet someone who leaves no doubt... in you that you're worth it. So... love him Nico. Be happy. You're worth it..." Saying all he wanted to say Will trailed off. And then the light finally, truly faded from his eyes. In that moment Nico di Angelo wasn't the son of Hades, he wasn't the Ghost King. He was just a boy who had lost all the things he loved most.