for hours, but thankfully Percy swam earlier this morning to record his times so they don't have to sit through all of the other teams swimming. Percy is in the final bracket, competing for the state title, and Annabeth is biting her nails and hoping that Percy doesn't feel half as nervous as she does. Finally, Percy and the rest of the team flood out of the locker room to compete. Percy's already wearing his competition face, and when he gets close enough, he scans the crowd for familiar faces. The dark, broody expression disappears from his face the second he sees Annabeth and their friends. He smiles, laughing a bit as he makes his way toward the edge of the pool. His lifts his arm for a wave, and they all yell back at him, making him laugh even more. His coach pats him on the shoulder, and he's all business again, glancing up at Annabeth one more time before he looks back to the water. It feels like forever while the other swimmers on the team compete against each other, and Annabeth grows more nervous as she watches Percy. He's flicking his gaze back and forth from the water to the score board hanging up in the corner of the gym, which puts their team in the lead right now. Even though Percy will have individual scores too, if he wins, the entire team will take the championship for their own. Annabeth feels like she's going to throw up when it's time for Percy to line up to swim. His race is the last one of the tournament, and as he steps up on the diving board, the entire gym falls silent. Percy looks up to Annabeth. She smiles shakily, showing him as much teeth as she can muster before yelling along with the rest of the crowd, who starts so suddenly, it startles some of the other swimmers. Percy breathes a laugh, turning his head back to the water and launching himself into it just as the gunshot is fired. Time slows down. Annabeth and everyone in the gym is on their feet, screaming and shouting. Her heart is pounding in her ears through the first, second, and then the final lap, and Percy is way ahead of the others and then the timer blares and and and— Their team explodes into yelling, and they reach forward, hauling Percy up out of the pool. He's grinning and pulling his goggle off, tossing them into the air and yelling along with his team. Annabeth lets out a breath, reaching up to touch Jason's shoulder. He turns to grin at her, and then he's pulling her down the bleachers as they jog toward Percy. He has a trophy in his hands now, but when he spots Annabeth, he hands it off to Will Solace, stepping toward her and opening his arms. She throws herself into his arms, and he catches her easily, holding her up off of the ground so she has to look down at him. She cradles his face in her hands, leans down, and presses her lips to his. She's barely aware of the applause around them because Percy's kissing her back intensely, holding her closer and closer, and damn, she didn't know he would be like this. That they would be like this. So perfect and easy and amazing. When he pulls back a few seconds later, the crowd is roaring in their ears, but all Annabeth is focused on is Percy. He's grinning up at her, reaching up with one hand to frame her face. It's hard to hear him when he says, "I got a scholarship to NYU. For swimming. I'm going there in the fall." Annabeth's heart stops because he has to be kidding with her. She has so many questions for him, but the only thing she can think to say is, "Percy, that's so close to—" He cuts her off, and his voice is breathy when he says, "Six miles. It's only six miles from Columbia. I already checked." There are tears in her eyes now, and Annabeth lurches back down to forcefully press another kiss to his mouth. Percy is grinning and laughing underneath her lips, but the only thing that Annabeth can think about right now is them. They're going to get to have this every day. They're going to be so close to each other. They're going to be together. Annabeth pulls back, and Percy reaches up with his hand, wiping the tears off of her face. His grin is huge when he says, "I love you." "I love you too, Percy." She kisses him again, and they stand in the middle of the gym, surrounded by sound and excitement and the only thing that Annabeth wants to focus on is Percy Jackson, her best friend and her person. Ω One year later, Annabeth is standing in almost the exact same place. Of course, things are a bit different. But not by much. Percy is a swimmer at NYU. He's one of the best on the team right now, even though he's also one of the youngest. He's majoring in Education, and he wants to be a high school teacher. Annabeth has been helping him keep up with his homework, and it's great to be able to use that time to get to help him and see him all at once. She's at Columbia, in the Architecture program. She loves school, and she loves being close to Percy too. They are at a swim meet now, actually, where Percy has just set a record for his new team. After he comes out of the locker room, Annabeth dashes down the bleachers, throwing herself into his arms and kissing him. "Hi," he murmurs against her lips, pulling back enough to grin at her and say, "I love you." Annabeth grins too, and she can't think of anything that's more perfect. A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative