liked it and—just shut up. "No matter what happens when you meet her, nothing is going to change the fact that you're my soulmate, and that I am going to spend the rest of my life with you, do you understand?" She just blinked up at him before she nodded. Her hands were limp against his chest, and she crowded closer to him. He grinned and opened the door, adjusting his grip back to her hand and pulling her inside. "Mom?" He yelled. But before he could get an answer, his mom was already rushing down the hall and reaching out for Annabeth and pulling her into a hug while she squealed excitedly. Percy let go of Annabeth's hand and watched fondly while they hugged. Annabeth was smiling happily, and his mom pulled back enough so she could see her face. "You must be Annabeth!" His mom said warmly. "Percy doesn't ever stop talking about you!" "Mom!" Percy scolded lightly. He shifted on his feet and reached out for Annabeth's hand again. "You're so pretty, sweetheart," his mom bragged, gently smoothing her hand down Annabeth's curls. "I can't wait to hear everything, and I already pulled out some of Percy's baby pictures so we can look at them and—" "Mom," he said warningly, shaking his head quickly. His face was probably really red. Great. But they were both laughing already, and his mom was herding Annabeth inside the house and toward the kitchen, talking ninety to nothing already. Percy couldn't stop smiling, and he followed behind them, grasping onto Annabeth's hand. Ω "Don't say it," Annabeth commanded. Percy couldn't help himself. He burst out laughing and leaned over until his face was in hers. Over his grin and through his laughter, he said, "I told you that she would love you." Annabeth huffed angrily, but Percy could see the grin that was threatening to break over her face. She jumped out of the car as soon as he pulled up at the curb, and Percy was still laughing as he followed her. Dinner with his mom had been perfect. Annabeth had charmed her all the way down to her toes, and Percy hadn't been able to stop staring at her smile all night. She looked like she had had a great time, and when she had grasped Percy's hand over the table when his mom went to get desert, he had beamed at her. He was dropping her back off at home now. They both had school in the morning, but Percy just wasn't ready to say goodbye to her yet. She must have felt the same way because when they got to the steps of her front porch, she sat down and pulled Percy down beside her. "Thanks for letting me meet her," Annabeth said softly. She was grasping his hand on both of hers, and she was crowded close to him. She looked up at him, and her gray eyes were wide and beautiful. "I know she's really important to you." He hummed in agreement, shifting closer to her until his shoulder was pressed to hers. He met her eyes and said, "Yeah, she is, but you're just as important to me." "I am?" She asked, looking down at their hands. Percy huffed a laugh and pulled her into his arms until she was pressed against his chest. "Of course you are, Annabeth. I wouldn't trade you for anything. Well, except for maybe a pizza right now." Annabeth pinched him and laughed, burying her face in his t-shirt. "Shut up, Percy." He laughed too, and they fell silent. They sat on the steps for a long time, but when Annabeth started yawning, Percy decided it was time to go despite how much he would have preferred to curl up on the ground right here with her. He walked her to the door and hugged her again, murmuring a goodbye in her ear. When he pulled back, Annabeth grabbed a fistful of his shirt to stop him. He watched as she stepped closer until she was right against him. She tipped her head up, and her other hand tangled with his. She waited patiently, and even though Percy was kind of oblivious sometimes, he knew what she was asking. He dipped his head until his forehead was pressed to hers. She made a slight noise when his nose brushed against hers. "Annabeth," he murmured. "You could have just asked." She rolled her eyes and squeezed his hand sharply. She nudged his nose with her own and said, "Kiss me, you idiot." So Percy let his hands slide up her arms to cup her cheek as he lowered his mouth to hers. Her lips were soft against his, and Percy sighed happily when she stepped closer to him and snaked her arms around his neck. He pulled back because it was late, and he really didn't want to go too fast. They had forever together, and there was no point in rushing through things. They had time. They were both smiling, and Percy pressed a kiss to her forehead and cheek before he took a step back and grabbed her hand. Annabeth leaned forward again and pressed her lips to his quickly. She pulled back and ran one of her hands through his hair. She smiled and said, "Call me when you get home." "You got it," Percy hummed, staring at her happily. She laughed and hugged him one more time before she whispered a goodbye and slipped inside the front door, waving and closing it softly behind her. Percy stood there for a solid minute smiling at the wood, and he would bet anything that she was doing the same. With a smile on his face and his heart beating too fast, he turned and walked away, leaving his other half safely behind the door where she was probably already planning to curl up in her bed to read a book. A/N: Thanks for reading! Happy Birthday, Casey! -SomethingMoreCreative