said over her crying as she tried to catch her breath. She hadn't realized how upset she had gotten—she could barely breathe now, and there were tears sliding down her cheeks. "Hey," Percy said, setting one of his hands on her knee. "What's going on?" She hiccupped and scrubbed away her tears with one hand before she looked back up at him. He was leaning closer to her, and the light from the moon was bright enough for her to see how wide his eyes were. "It's—you—" Annabeth stuttered at first before she forced herself to take a breath and slow down. "I have one of these." He still looked confused, "What do you mean? I got this from the bottom of the ocean." "I—you gave me one before," she whispered, staring down at it. It was silent, and when Percy didn't say anything, Annabeth looked up at him. He was staring at her. His eyes were blown wide, and he was frozen. He swallowed roughly before he choked out, "I did?" She nodded, blinking up at him and shoving more of her tears away. "Yeah. When we started dating. I wore it on my necklace every day until I got to New Rome and you… I keep it in a box in my cabin. That's why you haven't seen it before." He looked really confused, and his voice was low and shaky when he said, "Do you… do you think I'm going to get my memories back then? If this reminded me of you?" Annabeth wasn't sure. Yeah, Percy could have been getting his memories back or least getting little glimpses of stuff from his past, but he could have just thought about her when he saw it because it really reminded him of her. "I don't know, Percy," she whispered, looking down at the pendent in her hands before glancing back up at him. "But it doesn't matter either way. It doesn't matter if you never get your memories back—we're going to be fine. As friends or whatever we are, we're fine, okay?" Percy stared at her for a few seconds before he nodded slowly. He looked like he was choking on something when he said, "Um, that's something, uh, that I wanted to talk to you about." Annabeth felt her heart clench in her chest. She was having a hard time breathing with Percy being this close to her and— "Yeah?" She whispered. It was silent for a few seconds, and Percy hung onto her gaze with his own. His eyes were cloudy, and his leg was shaking. "I'm in love with you," he blurted out suddenly, stealing all of the air from Annabeth's lungs. "And I don't know if it's because I loved you before or because I fell in love with you now, but I just know that I love you so much that I can't stand it and I—" She leaned forward in the middle of his speech and interrupted him, taking his chin in her hands and pulling his lips up to meet hers. And gods, Percy was familiar and new all at once, it was making her head spin. His lips moved under hers just like they used to, but there was something new there too. They broke away from each other after a few seconds, staying close enough to keep their foreheads pressed together. Both of their breath was ragged, and Annabeth could feel Percy's arms slip around her waist to pull her closer. Her hands were still on his face, running her fingers across his jaw. "I love you too, Percy," she breathed. "I love you too." He sighed in relief and tugged her closer, pulling her into his lap. Annabeth let one of her hands slide into his hair, and her knees slipped to bracket his hips. She cupped his cheek in her hand and pushed her lips back to his. His hands were tight on her waist, and one of them slipped up her back to tangle in her wet hair. Annabeth sighed against his lips because damn, she had missed this. Percy tipped backwards slowly so he was laying on his back, with Annabeth hovering over him. She kissed him until neither of them could breathe, diving right back in as soon as she had gulped enough air to keep going. When she pulled away from his lips to kiss across his cheek and jaw, she realized he was laughing. "What is it?" She murmured against his skin, kissing the bridge of his nose. He shook his head, making Annabeth miss his forehead and catch his temple with her lips instead. His eyes were closed, but there was a grin covering his face now. She tugged on his hair, "Tell me what's so funny." His green eyes finally opened, and he blinked up at her. His eyes were round and bright, reflecting the light of the moon. His voice was soft when he said, "It feels like my birthday instead of yours with you kissing me like this." "Mmm," she hummed, kissing the side of his face and hitting that spot underneath his ear that he liked so well. Percy let out a little moan, making Annabeth grin at the sound. "I think it feels like my birthday because I'm kissing you." Percy laughed again, the sound louder and clearer against the night. They fell back into silence, kissing slowly and letting their hands wander across each other's bodies like they hadn't in so long. "Hey," Percy said against her lips. She pulled back enough to look down at him and smile, "What?" "Happy birthday, Annabeth." She smiled again, leaning down to peck him on the lips before she rolled over and curled up at his side, taking his hands in hers and resting her head right beside his. Her voice was soft, and Percy's eyes were brighter than the stars when she said, "Thank you, Seaweed Brain." A/N: Thanks for reading, and leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative