closer to her, pulling her cast up to look at it. He grins and says, "Percy already beat us to it." Annabeth rolls her eyes again when they start laughing at Percy's signature on her cast. He grins at her even though a blush is dusting across his face. He hands off the guitar to one of the stage hands, and Jason talks with the manager of the bar for a few minutes, thanking him for letting them play and accepting another show in a few weeks. Percy's arm slips around her waist a few seconds later. He speaks in her ear when he says, "Ready to go?" She nods, taking his hand when he offers it. They give the guys a quick goodbye, and Percy pulls her along, dropping her hand and wrapping his arm around her shoulders instead. He's sweaty and gross from performing, so Annabeth ducks out from under his arm and jogs ahead of him. The night air is cold, and the stars are bright in the sky. The sidewalk in front of the bar is mostly empty. The street lamps that line the sidewalk are bright enough that Annabeth can see Percy's eyes sparkle when she turns around to smile at him. He's staring at her again, keeping his eyes fixated on hers. There's a dreamy look on his face, and Annabeth blushes because it's for her. She lets him catch up to her, holding her breath as he gets closer. Percy's eyes are heavy, and he slips one arm around her waist, pulling her against his body. His other hand brushes one of her curls behind her ear before tilting her chin up. "Percy," his name drops from her mouth in a sigh, and Annabeth sees his lips curl into a small smile. Just as he's leaning in, Annabeth hears Leo's voice call from down the street. "Have a good night, guys!" Percy freezes, pulling back from her and growling, "Goddammit." She laughs, looking over Percy's shoulder where they guys are walking to their cars. They yell encouragingly, and Annabeth flips them off with her good hand. She swears she learned the profanity from Percy and his friends. Then, she wraps an arm around Percy's neck, pulling his head back down and saying, "Third time's the charm, right?" before leaning up until his lips are on hers. Annabeth can feel Percy smiling while he kisses her. His arm is tight around her waist, keeping her held against him. His other hand is buried in her hair, and she fights to keep the moan from falling out of her mouth because everything is so real. She may have imagined this more times than she can count, but it's nothing like the real thing. Percy is nothing like her imagination thought he would be. He's better. She almost whines when he pulls back from her, but they're standing on the sidewalk downtown. It's not really a good place to make out. She blushes harder when she realizes that she can do that now. Percy's grin is blinding, and he peppers kisses across the side of her face while Annabeth laughs. His voice is breathy and muffled when he says, "Annabeth." "Yeah?" She asks just as breathlessly, sliding her fingers through the hair at the back of his neck. "I love you," he says, blinking at her. His green eyes are wide and he's biting his lip and Annabeth has never seen anything so beautiful before. She surges forward, pressing her lips to his again and again and again while Percy laughs. She's shaking when she says, "I love you too. I love you too, Percy." "That's good," he says, the tension draining out of his shoulders. The idiot had thought that she wasn't going to say it back? "That's really good." She laughs, leaning up on her toes to rest her head on his shoulder and press a kiss to his jaw. "Yeah, Seaweed Brain. It's good." Ω They end up at the hospital again the next day. Percy's laying on the hospital bed, scowling at her because she hasn't been able to stop laughing since they got here. His face is red, like it's been ever since he fell off of his skateboard because Annabeth had just kissed him. "It's not funny," he says, glaring murderously at the X-rays that the doctor left up of his wrist while the nurse goes to get the cast machine. It's broken too, and really, he's the one that was joking about it before so it's his own fault. He should know that he has the worst luck. "It is funny," she says, leaning forward to kiss him. It's something that she can't get enough of, and she loves seeing Percy turn red almost every time she does it. "Yeah well you shouldn't have kissed me while I was skateboarding," he grumbles when she pulls back. Annabeth laughs as the nurse comes in. She asks what color cast Percy wants, and Annabeth says, "Pink!" just as Percy says, "Black." Annabeth frowns at Percy, and he scowls back at her for a few seconds before he sighs heavily and says, "Pink." Percy drives them home with one hand, and when they have to FaceTime Sally to tell her what happened, they also have to tell her that they're dating now. She squeals into the phone, yelling the news to Paul, who is walking right beside her on the sidewalk. Percy's face is red when they hang up, and Annabeth grabs the marker from the drawer in the kitchen. She grins as she writes Property of Annabeth Chase onto his cast because yeah, he's hers. "So I'm yours now, huh?" He smirks, looking up at her. His eyes are bright and beautiful, and she never wants to look away. Annabeth leans forward, pressing her body against his and moving closer until her lips are ghosting over his. She murmurs, "Hell yeah you are." A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative