the restroom." Percy walked closer to her. She could practically smell his ocean cologne, the same one he always used. He smiled down at her, his eyes twinkling. "Typical Annabeth." he smirked. Percy sidled a bit closer to her. "Percy, I-" Annabeth faltered when she looked up at him, his sea green eyes melting her. "Annabeth…" he breathed. Gray eyes collided with sea green. Annabeth felt shaky and nervous, the way she always felt when she looked into Percy's eyes. Then Percy leaned down and their lips collided. He wrapped his arms around her waist and Annabeth melted into him. Then, they let go of each other. "We shouldn't have done that." she blurted. Percy nodded. "We shouldn't have. I'm about to get married for God's sake. And it's wrong for me to say that I liked it." Annabeth took a deep breath. "Percy, I have to tell you something. I'm sorry for what happened between us and I miss you. A lot. More than I should. So that's why I'm here. I'm sorry. I know it's too late, but I just wanted to let you know. Goodbye Percy. I'll see you at the altar." Annabeth turned and sprinted off. Percy reached out to grab her arm, but all he got was air. "I miss you too." he said softly. Annabeth slid into her seat just as the organ started to play the wedding song. But to Annabeth, it sounded like someone was about to die. A funeral march. She saw Percy go to the altar. His sea green eyes looked pained and uncertain, rather than happy, nervous, and excited. His expression looked conflicted, as if he was…no…it couldn't be. Percy made his choice, Annabeth thought ruefully. And I made mine. "What took you so long?" Thalia hissed. "Tell you later." she muttered. Rachel glided down the aisle way, like she was a pageant queen. Her father wore a black suit and held Rachel's arm. Rachel arrived at the altar and Percy took her arm, almost reluctantly. His expression wavered between pain and uncertainty. Everyone sat down, but before Annabeth did, Percy threw a look at her and their eyes met before he broke contact. The preacher began the ceremony. Annabeth was barely paying attention, until Thalia nudged her. "Get ready." she whispered. Then the preacher said the words, "Speak now or forever hold your peace." "Speak now. Annabeth, you have to speak now." Thalia hissed. A silence reigned over the room. Then Annabeth stood up. Everyone gasped and stared. Rachel looked in disbelief. But Percy smiled. He gestured her to speak. "My name is Annabeth Chase. I'm not the kind of girl who would crash a party that I wasn't invited to, but this one is a special case. Percy and I were best friends. We dated, then we broke up. But I am still his best friend and I don't want Percy to spend the rest of his life with the wrong girl, unhappy. So, my friends brought me here to speak now and I guess that's what I'm doing." She took a deep breath and continued, "Percy, I love you and I was an idiot to let you go. Rachel, I'm truly sorry, but it's the truth. Percy, I understand if you would want to marry Rachel, but I just had to say this." Annabeth sat back down and Thalia whispered, "You did good." Now everyone's eyes remained on the couple. Rachel's eyes shone with tears. Percy held Rachel's gaze and the two had a silent conversation. Rachel nodded at Percy with a sad smile on her face. Percy said, "Rachel. I'm sorry about everything, but I love Annabeth. I really, truly, from the- bottom-of-my-heart sorry. You are more of a sister to me than a wife. I can't see you being anything else. I'm really sorry." The redhead sniffled. "I understand." Thalia nudged Annabeth and hissed, "Back door." "Percy, I'll meet you out at the front door." She winked at him. Percy grinned and nodded. Everyone started to flood out the front door to hopefully catch the two running off. Annabeth and Thalia darted toward the back door and Percy followed them. Rachel collapsed on a bench, her bridesmaids and parents surrounding her and comforting her. "Can't I change first?" Percy whined as they hurried out the back. Thalia grinned. "Nah. I'm betting Silena has you covered." The blue eyed girl nodded toward the SUV where Silena, Reyna, Piper, and Hazel stood. "Success?" Hazel asked, grinning. "Success." Annabeth confirmed. She held up their hands and Silena whooped. "I KNEW YOU COULD DO IT!" she cheered. Piper smiled. "We got your getaway car ready and Silena insisted on getting you guys extra clothes to change out of." Percy grinned. "Sweet." The group of them climbed in the car, but before Annabeth could, Percy grabbed her arm. "Annabeth?" "Yeah?" Percy gazed at her with a smile. "I'm glad you decided to speak now." She smirked. "I am too." Then Percy wrapped his arm around her waist and pulled her into a kiss. And let's just say it was a great way to end things… … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Until Thalia chucked a rock at Percy's head and yelled, "Let's go love birds!" Of course, that resulted in the two cousins fighting and trying to kill each other, but Annabeth wouldn't have it any other way. AND DONE! YEAH! The ending wasn't up to my standards, but oh well. I didn't know any other way to end it. I finally get to write something! I hope you liked this version of Speak Now, rather than my old version. I personally prefer this one better. Next chapter? N/A. I dunno when I'm gonna update or what song is next, but who cares? So, since I'm rambling, RRFF everyone! See you all next chapter! SoulHorse, over and out. Yours in demigoddishness, SoulHorse