recital, which meant that they had to sit through four other girls first, but Jason or Leo hadn't complained. And really, it hadn't been bad. Of course, Annabeth had been the best out of all of them, but Percy was just a tad but biased. "No," he said. "She told me that she wanted it to be a surprise." Jason hummed as they stood against the wall of the recital hall, just outside of the crowd of people. Before he knew it, Annabeth was threading through the crowd of people toward them. She had thrown a t-shirt and sweatpants on over her black unitard, and she was carrying her bag behind her. Her smile was gigantic, and her eyes were sparkling happily. When she got close enough, she dropped her bag and threw her arms around Percy. He was laughing when he grabbed her in his arms, slipping one hand into her curls. At the beginning of her routine, her hair had been in a tight bun, but when Percy's guitar solo had hit, she had yanked her hair down. Now, her curls were thrown over her shoulders. And she looked so damn beautiful. Like, she was literally glowing. She was smiling, and she was laughing, and good god, she looked amazing. She pulled back and kissed him. It was short, but Percy was smiling too big anyway. She pressed another kiss to his cheek before she moved over to hug Jason. They were all complimenting her, and Percy stepped forward to grab her bag from where she dropped it on the ground. "I think we need to take you out for a victory dinner, Annabeth," Jason said. She nodded, "Yeah, I think so because I'm starving." Percy laughed and wrapped his arm around her shoulders, smiling down at her when her arm wrapped around his waist. They led the way out of the recital hall, and Percy pulled her closer once they were outside. Ω "Percy," Annabeth moaned, gripping the pillow tighter from where she was laying on her stomach. He bit back a grin and dug the heel of his hand into a knot on the back of her thigh. He was sitting in between her legs, massaging the sore muscles away so she didn't have cramps in the middle of the night. He had a pretty amazing view from where he was sitting: Annabeth's tan legs were bare, and Percy kept skating his hands up farther until his fingers slipped just under the seam of her black panties. Her breath was coming out in long, relaxed sighs of his name, and she was driving him crazy. They were on her bed in her room. Her dad was gone on a business trip, and Percy had dropped her off and followed her upstairs so he could tuck her in. Which of course ended up with both of them laying on her bed kissing until she convinced him to give her a massage. (It didn't take that much convincing on her part.) He laughed lightly when she moaned again. He could tell that she was trying to stay quiet, but she wasn't managing it very well. "Shut up," she grumbled. "Dancing is hard." "I know," Percy said. "You did great tonight." "You think so?" Her voice was small right then, like she didn't believe it. Percy rolled his eyes because of course she was awesome. He grabbed her hips and flipped her over so she was laying on her back. She was wearing a t-shirt, and it pushed up slightly so he could see a strip of her tank skin above her panties. Percy smoothed his hands up her thighs and hips again, brushing over her stomach until he ran his fingers over her collarbone and neck. He scooted up until he was straddling her waist, but he kept most of his weight off of her. She groaned again, and Percy knew that it wasn't because of his awesome massage skills. She squirmed underneath him, and Percy took more of his weight off of her, grinning when she pinched his legs through his jeans because of the loss of contact. Percy leaned down until his face was less than an inch away from hers. She looked so beautiful spread out underneath him. Her hair was splayed over the pillows. Her chest was heaving with breath. Her pupils were dilated so far that he could barely see a ring of gray around them. Her eyes fluttered close and her mouth fell open slightly when he pushed one of his hands into her hair. A little noise came from her throat, and Percy almost groaned too by just looking at her. A rush of feelings hit him all at once, and three little words dropped out of his mouth before he could think anything else about it. She was staring at him and smiling and saying it back, and Percy thought that he was in heaven. Annabeth ran her hand up his chest and fisted his t-shirt, yanking him down until his lips hit hers. He sighed against her lips, and he felt her hand press against his heart. He pulled back just enough so he could see her face. He said, "You were so amazing during your recital tonight, Annabeth. I'm so proud of you." "Thank you," she whispered. Her eyes were glinting happily, and she pulled him back down for another kiss. They stayed like that for a long time, laid out on her bed, kissing and whispering to each other. He probably stayed too long. His mom was definitely going to think that something was up, which means he would have to be extra quiet when he snuck in tonight. She would be able to tell what had happened by just looking at him. But it was definitely worth it, and Percy wouldn't have wanted to be anywhere else than hovering above the girl that he loved, kissing her and smiling all night. A/N: Thanks for reading! -SomethingMoreCreative