behind him, he dove to the side and watched in amusement as a massive lightning bolt slammed into Thalia, sending her flying back into Annabeth, finally knocking both of them out. "That was pretty cowardly Zeus, hiding behind your own children to take on a god who is far more powerful than you," Perseus said, rolling his eyes as he let his Talwar fly out of his hands, have the hilt hit the God King in the head, while the blade then stabbed him in the stomach. When all of the room's occupants were disabled, Percy looked around at the room sadly. Pillars were broken, Eclipse fire still raged around the room, and it looked as if Olympus had just fallen. Perseus sighed. "I never wanted this, my family. I loved you all dearly, but you all have changed. Your egos have gotten the best of you and you all need to learn a lesson. Banishing me was one thing, but imprisoning my wife while she was pregnant with my child was unacceptable, even if I did free her mere hours later. Hear my words Olympus, I do not want War, but I will act as my father did if necessary. I will not let one declare war upon me then go down without a fight." Perseus muttered as he vanished in a flash of black. 4 hours later When Apollo came to, he looked around in shock at the carnage around him. The throne room was in ruins, the other Olympians were clearly unconscious, if not dead, and there was still blue fire blazing all around them. Apollo quickly set to worked and in about an hour, all the Olympians and Demigods were healed, conscious, and had very wounded egos. "Father?" Thalia asked Zeus, curiosity overcoming her fatigue, "Why is Perseus so angry with Olympus?" She asked, wanting to know why the dragon riding badass had such a grudge against the Olympian Gods. Zeus was about to respond, but was cut off by Aphrodite, who had a sad look in her eyes. "It is our fault. Eons after the Titan War had ended, and Dionysus had just joined the council, the Fates finally decreed Perseus's dominans, Monsters, Destruction, Chaos, Fear, Death, Famine, War, Conquest, Ghosts and Eclipses. As you can imagine, that didn't sit well with all of us, so we treated Perseus as a monster, an outcast, I mistake I wish I could take back. However, Perseus was fine with it, he had a wife and a baby on the way so he couldn't be happier with his life, even if his family hated him." Here Aphrodite took a deep breath, as the next part seemed to be hard for her to voice. "When the vote of Perseus's banishment came, all the Gods except Hades and Hestia voted for his banishment, which he took with his head held high, until Zeus mentioned that he was also going to throw his wife into Tartarus, and wished for a vote for this too." Here Aphrodite sent a scalding glare at Artemis, who shivered every so slightly. "Perseus's wife is Selene, titaness of the Moon and Night, so when her imprisonment came onto the table, a certain pair of twins jumped at the opportunity to rule the sun and moon, even though it was not theirs to rule. Alas, the vote went through, even though I tried to stop it, and Selene was banished to Tartarus, and Perseus had to watch as a certain moon goddess shoved her in the pit and laughed as she fell. Needless to say, Perseus dove in after her, but when he finally found her in the pit, it was too late. Their child was dead, before even given the chance to see the world, and to this day, Perseus has held an unbridled hatred for all the Olympians who voted for his and his wife's banishment." Aphrodite finished sadly, as she began to cry into her hands. The three demigods all seemed to be having different trains of thought. Thalia felt immense pity for her uncle, whose child died before it even could say the word 'Da,' Annabeth's mind was running at a million miles an hour, trying to figure out a way that her family was not in the wrong in this situation, and Kyle believed that Perseus got what he deserved, a monster like that deserved the pain he was given (That last sentence was hard for me to write) Little did they know, that in Alaska, Perseus had just been reunited with his wife, and recieved some wonderful news as well. Well, that happened. New story, yay. This was just and Idea I has one day and decided to actually write it while waiting for an email from google on how to fix my drive. Oh, and Percy being Demeter's role model and such, her not wishing to fight him, etc., that'll come into play later, I promise. I didn't just pick Demeter for no reason other than she doesn't get a lot of show time. You also may have noticed that Percy let all the Olympians and Demigods live. That'll also come into play. Also, I have already decided pairings for this story, so no hectic vote this time. Anyone catch either of the small easter eggs I placed in there? I'll give you a few hints. Darksiders and Shadow the Hedgehog. The first person to figure both of them out gets a shoutout for being awesome Also, stop bugging me on the Flying Sea and Reading Everlasting Promises. You people are acting like I don't even want to write those anymore, even though those are my two favorite stories, I am just as pissed off bud. Also, I will be using Elder Scrolls dragon tongue for a lot of names, so get the translator up if you want. *Still Awkward, for those of you who get this reference, kudos, I officially name you awesome Peace out my Faithful ProcrastiNation -Solo