beautiful when he lost all control, and when she could take her time and watch, it was so much better. He exhaled loudly and dropped his head onto her shoulder, groaning into her skin. Annabeth smiled and moved her hand from his waist and unzipped her dress. Before it could fall off of her shoulders, Percy clamped his hands to her sides. "Annabeth," he warned. "Just relax," she whispered. She moved his hands, and her dress fell to the floor. As soon as Percy's hands slipped back to her hips and his lips moved to hers, her phone rang. Annabeth considered leaving it alone, but it was her mom's text tone. If she had sent a warning text to let her know she was on her way up, the last thing that she needed to see was Annabeth's dress on the floor and Percy's tongue in her mouth. She pulled back, and both of them groaned when she crossed the room to check her phone. She groaned again and said, "Mom said that you should probably be gone before my dad comes out of his study tonight, and she thinks that he will probably come up here to check." Percy sighed, "I should go. They already hate me." "No they don't, Percy," she said, walking back over and kissing him again before she scooped her dress up off of the floor and stepped back into it. She turned around, and Percy's hands slipped up her back and slid the zipper up. "Yes they do, Annabeth," he echoed. "Well, it doesn't matter if they hate you because I love you, okay?" She said. "And remind me when we're alone again, I owe you forty-five minutes." He responded when he kissed her, but he wasn't nearly enthusiastic as normal. She pulled away from him and sighed. "Percy," she whined. "I know," he said. "I just—I feel like I don't belong here. Just. Let me get my head together, okay? I'll text you when I get home." Annabeth grabbed him by the collar of his shirt before he could completely move away and crushed her lips to his. His answering kiss was better than before, and he gripped her hips in his hands before he completely moved away. He kept his green eyes away from hers as he turned toward the door. "You're going to call me when you get home so I can hear your voice when you tell me that you love me," she corrected, grabbing her phone and shuffling past him and to the door. He grabbed her waist and spun her around, pressing his lips to hers in a sweet, easy kiss. When he pulled back, his voice was rough and he said, "Okay. I'll talk to you then." Annabeth nodded and walked him outside. They didn't see her parents on the way down. When they got outside, she kissed him a few more times, and he gave her a small smile before he piled into his beaten up Honda and headed home. She sighed and walked back inside. There was a smile on her face, which was a normal reaction from spending time with Percy. She wasn't sure how, but he always managed to make her happier than she had been before. And when she thought about it, her life was way better with Percy in it. She had more friends at school, she had him, and believe it or not, her grades were higher than ever. She was just better with him. And if her parents didn't think so, then she didn't care what they thought. Annabeth saw her dad standing at the top of the staircase when she walked back inside. He frowned at her, but she didn't budge. After a few seconds, he narrowed his eyes and turned away, disappearing down the hallway. Her dad would have to deal with it. She loved Percy, and he wasn't going anywhere for a long time. She went back to her room and closed the door, lying on her bed and reading her book until Percy called. "I'm at home, and I'm alive," he said after she greeted him. She smiled, "That's good." "Yeah, and I'm sorry about being weird earlier," he started. Annabeth could almost see him blushing and rubbing the back of his neck. "It's just—" "I get it," she said softly. Her voice was kind of sad. He paused, "No, you don't, Annabeth. I just wanted your parents to like me as much as my mom like you, but they don't because I don't fit in with your family. I'm the complete opposite of what you probably should be dating, but that's completely okay as long as you still want to be with me. As long as you want me, then I don't care what your parents say." She smiled, "I want you, Percy." "In what context?" He said after a slight pause. His voice was playful, and she laughed at him. "In every context, you dork," she hummed. "I always want you." "Yeah?" He breathed. "Forever," she murmured, wishing more than anything that he was here beside her. "You don't know what you just agreed to." She laughed again, "Whatever. I'm going to bed." "Goodnight," he said softly. It amazed Annabeth how quickly he could switch from sarcastic to sweet. "Sweet dreams. I love you." "I love you too," she said. "I'll call you tomorrow." "Okay, goodnight," she breathed, hanging up after he agreed and whispered that he loved her one more time. Even though she had only heard him say it a few times, she could hear all of the conviction that she ever needed to in his voice. She was positive that he loved her. And if her parents couldn't deal with that, then she didn't want to deal with them. Percy was part of her life now, and he would be for a long time if she had anything to do with it. A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative