respectful tone. Artemis was suprised. she looked at his arm and saw the SPQR tattoo along with only one bar of service. which was odd for such an old demigod. but what shocked her most was that instead of one symbol of his godly parent, he had two. And they were the symbols of the two least likely goddesses to have a demigod other than herself. The symbols of Vesta and Juno clearly burned inyo his arm. "why do you have the symbols of juno and vesta tatooed into your arm" artemis asked suspicously. " they are my patrons i have not spoken to my father in many years." he said with a sad tone. Artemis wanted to question him more about it but decided to wait until later. " why are you here" she asked. " i was bringing a girl to your camp when i saw the monsters ambush your hunters. the girl is hidden in the branches of a tree about 100 yards to my left. i told her to wait until the monsters were gone , and for me to come and get her." he anwseered calmly. " show me your face." Artemis demanded, realizing that this was probably the man she had failed to locate. he looked up at her with brown hair and dark eyes. " your the man who has been rescuing demigods and avoiding the gods. how dare you enter the hunters camp without permission?' artemis hissed. in outrage. the man looked directly into her silver eyes." i ment no disrespect lady Artemis. i simply wished to provide the girls with a home where they would feel safe. thier lives were not good when i found them. i didnt want to bring the girls to camp half blood as they would not feel as safe around male demigods." he anwsered calmly. something about his face seemed very similar to her but she just couldnt put her finger on it. she narrowed her eyes at the man but saw no deciet in his words. she decided she would take him to olympus for questioning. she ordered him to follow her back to camp, as they had walked a ways away while talking. when they reached camp , three of thier newest hunters threw themselves at him squealing in delight. "joe!" they yelled in delight as they hugged him tightly. Artemis looked shocked. these were the hunters that he had apparently brought to the hunt and they were all terrified of men. they were even scared of the older hunters. she had never seen them so happy since coming to the hunt. The man, Joe, smiled at the girls, " i see you have found a home here megan,christene and sam". he said in a happy tone. Artemis sent two girls to retrive the girl joe had brought. and brought joe to her tent, once he managed to detach the gleeful girls from him. he looked up to see some hunters glaring at him while some just looked confused or shocked. he followed artemis into her tent. " who is your father" she asked once they were inside her tent. the man looked at her apoligetically." im sorry lady artemis but i cannot reveal that. my patrons told me to keep that information to myself." Artemis narrowed her eyes, " you dare defy a goddess?" Joe shook his head, " i do not wish to, but i cannot defy my patrons."" Artemis stared at joe, she decided to search his memories, but when she tried she was blocked. she looked at joe to see his eyes glowing faintly. her eyes widened before she scowled. " i could just kill you." she threatened." go ahead if you must. i have seen more than my fare share of terrible things this world has to offer." he anwsered sadly. her eyes widened before she regained composture. " well then you can come to olympus for questioning. and then my father will decide your fate." Joe looked worried for a second then he smiled." how about another deal." she raised an eyebrow and looked at him questionibly." and what do you have that i want." he just smiled. " i propose a wager . if you beat me in an archery competition, i will reveal everything you want to know about me as well as come to olympus peacefully. if i win you let me leave your camp in peace till we meet again." he asked. Artemis laughed, " you really think you can beat the goddess of archery in an archery competition? you are just another foolish man. i accept your challenge boy. " Joe smiled and nodded. artemis scoweled but led the man to the archery range. the hunters gathered around smirking in anticipation of the man's humiliation. " ten arrows each, fired continously. whoever is more accurate wins." Artemis said with a smirk. joe nodded and pulled a bow but no arrows. artemis looked at him and laughed." what you already admit defeat?" he said nothing but he just smiled and waited as artemis pulled her bow. " begin!" Thalia yelled. Both artemis and the man fired arrows at amazing speeds, with the man's arrows seemingly appearing on his bow. and within seconds they were both finished. Artemis stared at her formation triumphantly, not even taking a look at his. then she heard words she thought she never would." its ...its .a ...tie." Thalia stuttered out. Artemis froze. she looked at blakes target to see an identical formation. " i'm sorry for chalenging you lady artemis but i couldnt be brought to olympus." he said apoligetically before stepping back. atremis lunged at him but he dissapeared in a flash of flames. she stared at the spot he vanished from. he could have escaped whenever he wanted. did he simply want to humiliate her? she became furious, "camp here for the night i must go to olympus." she said, then dissapeared in a flash of silver.