we would make it out of this hellhole. as the ship yard came into view, shit hit the fan. five bandits jumped us in the middle of the street "fuck, run to the boats and ask for a man named Damon." he motioned for us to run and he drew his blade and prepared to fight "wait, what about you. im not leaving you Reece!" he just hardened his face "you have to make sure that the Prince gets on that boat and somewhere safe, if he is slain then all the royal bloodline will be wiped out. i will protect your escape NOW GO!" i grabbed edward and started sprinting towards the ships in the distance "wait dont let this little bastards go" yelled one of them in the middle "fuck them, we can kill them later. right now we got us a royal guard to kill" i heard out of the corner of my ear as i was running no matter how much i wanted to turn around, I knew i had to keep running. Reece needed me to. screaming filled the air quickly and i had hope that maybe Reece could slay them and come meet us at the docks. i turned around, i had to see if Reece was winning. when i turned i was filled with horror, two of the bandits where on the ground still as could be...but Reece was slowing down, moving sluggish. the biggest of the bandits swung his blade at Reece, but this time Reece was to slow to stop it. i watched him close his eyes as the bandits blade piereced his side. he hits his knees and opened his eyes and looked right at me. i stopped running and fell still as the bandit raised his blade again and a scream built up in my chest. i let a whail out as i watched the blade fall. i could only watch in shock as Reece's head was removed for his body. one of the bandits turned towards us and let out a feral laugh "c'mon boys, lets go kill us some kids" Edward tugged on my arm and started running again and i followed. we ran as fast as we could and i glanced over my shoulder and saw that the two bandits chasing us were close...to close. i removed my arm from Edward's hand and looked at him "run and get on a boat and go somewhere safe" i turned towards the bandits and looked at the sword in my hand. i might not live this but i sure as hell wont go down without a fight. THIRD PERSON POV the two men ran at the child, they were laughing on the inside. their "opponent" was was kid with a blade that looked to big for him. as they got near the boy he leapt at them, the man in front deflected the blade, it didnt take much but for a little kid he had some power" the second man just backed up to watch the show, it looked hilarious to him. a child trying to fight a grown man. the bandit was just batting around Percy and playing with him. it seemed hopeless but percy had a plan, as the man made swing to end the pitiful child Percy ducked the blade and swung his short sword and actually cut the mans leg. the bandit became enraged and swung his blade and made a shallow cut across the boys jumped back clutching his chest, as the bandit walked towards Percy he made a last ditch effort and threw his sword at the man trying to stall so that Edward would have time to get to the ship. the man seem supprised and threw his arms up to block the sword and as he was focused at not being hurt by the sword, Percy ran at him and tackled him, then man sustained a heavy cut on his sword arm from the Percys blade and percy pulled a small knife out of his boot and started slashing at the injured bandit. the second bandit seeing this ran up to help his friend and kicked Percy across the chest launching the boy across the street. "you little fuckin bastard, you killed Joe. he was my friend and you'll pay with your life little fucker" the man charged at the downed boy and Percy could only smile, he had killed one. he looked at the second bandit with his sword raised over him and closed his eyes and waited for the blow...the blow never came. Perct opened his eyes and couldnt belive what he was seeing the bandit was staring at his chest at a little piece of silver poking through. blood started to pool around it and the man hit he knees and fell over. behind him stood Edward smiling at him. "hurry lets get out of here" Edward picked him up and then got a look at his chest "can you move? he asked. Percy stood up with heavy help from Edward and together they limped the rest of the way to the ship yard PERCY'S POV A we walked into the ship yard there were men everywhere, all had weapons drawn and all looked tough as nails. "ummmm does anyone know where Damon is?" asked Percy a man stepped out of the masses "that would be me, what do you need?" "Reece sent us, we need to get the fuck out of here" i spoke "where's Reece?" he asked confusedly "dead" was Edwards short reply "alright boys get on the boat named Candice and we will depart soon i must pack a few things" me and Edward started walking down the dock when they spotted a relativly small boat with "Candice" written across the side. we both walked up the gang plank and went to the living quarters on the boat, i saw a bed and barely put my head down when the darkness closed around me