away. Percy never told his mother because he was scared something would happen to her if he did. When Percy was twelve Gabe hit him for the first time and when Sally asked what happened because he had a black eye he blamed it on a school fight but Sally didn't believe that because she has yet get a phone call from school but Percy kept with that lie. Then when he turned sixteen it all went to shit. The beatings Gabe dished out got worse but Percy didn't want his mother involved so he took it. This took it's toll on Percy and he changed for the worst. Instead of the happy go lucky kid he turned into a punk you could say and he know cut his hair where the top stayed it's length and the sides were cut short, he also got a piercing at the top of his ear with a straight silver por barbell earring( look it up if you need too ), and one night when he was sleeping he felt unimaginable pain in his back and when he looked at it the next morning on the top of his back he had a black tattoo of wings sprouting from the middle of his shoulder blades that he didn't remember getting. See Percy knew he wasn't the average kid by the way darkness seemed to want to wrap around him or the way his canines could chew through meat like a hot knife cutting through butter or the way his eyes had the color of blood. But still he never remembered getting wing tattoos. But one day the day that made Percy snap was when his mom came home early in the middle of one of Gabe's beatings and at this point Percy didn't really feel much pain anymore since over the years his pain tolerance raised so now he just screams and begs for a show. And when his mother saw she went to call the cops and Gabe cut her off and stabbed her in the gut killing her in minutes. "P-Percy please." Percy ran and cradled his mother's head. "I love you and s-so does your father." "Mom, please." Percy did something he hasn't done in a while. Cry. "It will be okay, Percy. All will be fine." When she breathed her last breath Percy let out a ferocious roar. When Percy was done he closed his mother's eyes, got up, and turned to Gabe. Once turned around he noticed Gabe was coming in a corner and when he looked at his reflection he did a double take. His blood looking eyes glowed in the dim light of the apartment, his nails turned to claws sharp enough to shred flesh, and his shirt was ripped off of him showing the muscle he has gained over the years but the thing that was most noticeable thing was his bright white wings folded up behind his back and when he unfolded them for a quick second they probably had a 7-9 foot wingspan. "What are you?" Gabe sounded like a little girl shaking from a nightmare. "The wrong person to mess with." and with that Percy launched to Gabe. The first thing he did was grab both arms and snap the bones. Then when Gabe tried to get away Percy slashed his achilles tendon then broke the lower part of his spine. "P-please stop." Gabe was crying. "Stop? Why?" "Because it hurts." "Hurts? Do you know what you put me through the past four years? The constant beatings, the threats, and now the death of my mother!" "I'm sorry." "Too late to be sorry. When I'm done with you I hope the devil himself puts you through punishment." And the next two hours Percy tortured Gabe until he was bored. So the next thing he did was rip is arms off followed by his legs. Then ripped the guts from his pot belly and threw them around the room. Next was his heart and then to top it all off his head was ripped clean from his body. After he was done Percy was covered in blood and all he did was throw a black shirt on followed with his black leather jacket and his finger-less gloves. And that is where we left off. Percy sitting in the middle of the room surrounded by the body parts of his ex step-father. The reason he was waiting and not leaving before the cops showed up was because he wanted them to catch him and when he heard the door open he smiled even more thinking it was the NYPD until he sensed it wasn't them in fact he didn't know what it was. "Well, I wasn't expecting that." Thank you for reading the first installment of Sympathy for the Devil and I hope you enjoyed it. A side note though before the question arises no i am not a satanist or have sympathy for the devil. I am just wanting to write a different story and I think this is different from a lot of Percy Jackson stories on this sight. Also I know I am not the first to do something like this but the other stories are not complete but this will be completed so don't worry. This story just came to mind and I started writing but I do have the other chapters planned out but I would like to know who would like like Percy to be with and it could be Male or Female or both for all I care but I will like to know before chapter 5 so I will put a poll up. I do not know how frequent updates will be since I have to update my other ones. I hope y'all enjoyed. Who do you want Percy to be with? Poll on my profile put in votes before chapter 5. Also Give me any suggestions in the reviews because I read all of them.