She was sure that her mouth was probably hanging open, but she couldn't make herself understand what was happening. Why had Percy kissed her? Was he going to do it again? "Umm, sorry," Percy muttered nervously, looking down at his shoes and kicking his feet. Before she knew what she was doing, she launched herself forward and grabbed his face in her hands, crashing her lips to his. Percy responded to her immediately, wrapping his arms around her and holding her close. She wasn't sure how long they stood there, kissing in the cold, but when she pulled back and saw Percy's grin, it was totally worth her fingers going numb. Percy leaned back in and covered her face in kisses. Annabeth started laughing and pushing at his chest. "I seriously have to go," she said in his ear. "I am so late now." "Just skip then," he breathed into her neck, pressing his lips to her skin in a brand new spot. "Come hang out with me." "I can't," she said, untangling herself from him. He looked so sad right then that she leaned forward again and gave him a quick kiss. She wasn't really sure how to do it, but Percy looked winded anyway so it must not have been that bad. "I'll see you tonight, promise!" He kissed the side of her face, biting at her earlobe gently and making her squeal. He murmured, "I'll hold you to that." She grinned and took off in the opposite direction. For some reason, she didn't really care if she was late to class. That interruption had been worth it. Ω Annabeth groaned as her alarm went off. She blindly reached out and tapped at the screen, hitting snooze a few times. She sighed happily and pulled the sheets up to cover her face. Gentle sunlight was streaming in through the window and around the blue curtains that matched his comforter perfectly. She could faintly smell someone cooking breakfast in the next room, and she could even hear a few pots banging and the water running as he shuffled through the kitchen. Now that she thought about it, the past few weeks that she had been hanging out with Percy had been the best of her life. Especially now that they were dating. She hardly ever went anywhere without him (except for class), and she never slept in her dorm now. She was planning on moving in with him for good as soon as the semester was over. They fought occasionally, over little things like who forgot to call who or you were supposed to bring something home to eat but it was still fun. They normally got over it within fifteen minutes. She kissed him. She held his hand. She cuddled with him when he wanted to. She helped him make dinner even though they both knew that she was crap at cooking. It was easy. It was awesome. She always thought that being in a relationship with somebody would be something hard that would take time to get used to, but with Percy everything seemed easy and natural. She felt like she didn't have to try that hard to be with him. Annabeth rolled out of bed, pulling on some fuzzy socks and a t-shirt before walking through the door and to the kitchen. He was standing at the stove, flipping pancakes with a spatula. He was wearing a pair of sweatpants that fell low on his hips. Even though it was early December, he wasn't wearing a shirt, but that was totally okay with Annabeth. Not that she would ever say that to him, but still. She walked up behind him and slipped her arms around his waist. She rested her head against his back and moved her hands in circles on his chest. Percy hummed happily, and Annabeth bit back a smile. "Morning," Percy said. His voice was gravelly like it always was in the mornings. "Mmm," she hummed, tightening her grip a little. "Good morning." "You want some pancakes?" He asked. She shook her head before she buried her face between his shoulder blades, "No, if I don't leave in the next fifteen minutes I'm going to be late for class." He seemed disappointed when she let go of him to go get dressed. It took Annabeth ten minutes to throw on some jeans and a hoodie that was probably Percy's. She threw her hair up into a messy bun and tied her sneakers before walking back out to the kitchen. Percy was sitting at the counter on a bar stool, eating his stack of pancakes. He watched as she moved toward the door, grabbing her laptop from the charger and putting it in her backpack with the rest of her school supplies. After she set it by the door, she walked back over to him and gave him a lingering kiss on the lips. He tasted like maple syrup and mint toothpaste. It was a weird combination, but it reminded her of him. He looked up at her once she pulled back, "See you at the coffee shop?" She smiled and pecked his lips one more time. She dropped another kiss to his jaw and then to his hair just because she couldn't help herself. "Of course, you dork. I'll see you there." Ω "I'm glad that I don't sit over there at that stupid table anymore," Percy said as he kissed her lightly before throwing himself down on the other side of the table. He motioned to the table that he used to sit at before he got the courage to talk to her. Annabeth's smile grew until it spread from ear to ear. He was wearing a long sleeve t-shirt, and he was shrugging out of his jacket. His hair was sticking up in one spot behind his ear, and Annabeth reached out to smooth it down. She smiled at him, "Me too, Percy." A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative