turned to see what the power couple was looking at. "Omigod. Isn't that…?" "Yeah, that's Percy's ex." "I heard that she got cheated on." "Understandable; I mean look at her." "Ew yeah. She used to be hot, but she put those glasses back on." "Ugh, no wonder Percy went for Piper." Annabeth bit the inside of her lip. Those damn bitches, she thought inwardly. They don't know anything. "Hey Annabeth~!" Piper sang, her eyes glittering. "Piper," Annabeth acknowledged. "How are you?" "Oh, good. I had the best time last weekend. Percy took me on a date and he said it was a better date than the one he went on with his ex. Oh wait, I'm sorry, that was you." She smirked and winked. "My bad!" The blonde grit her teeth, but kept her cool on the outside. "It's fine," she replied coolly. "It's a bit hard for you to remember, being that you are a dunce and all. I mean, how could you forget the guy who you had sex with had a girlfriend?" she asked sweetly. "Now, now Annabeth. No need for you to be bitter." Percy stepped in between the two. "After all, you were so naive in not noticing Piper's obvious advances." The bell suddenly rang and Piper cast her a disdainful look before spinning on her heel and strutting off. "We'll settle this later," the brunette sneered coldly. Percy lazily cast a smile at Annabeth before slinking off after Piper, his arm twining around her waist again and dropping lower. Annabeth clenched her fists, watching the two. "Hey, are you alright?" a soft voice asked. The blonde looked behind her to see the blonde boy with glasses from the party. "Yeah…" she muttered. "Sorry, that's just the way she is. Piper, I mean," he said. "How the hell do you know that?" Annabeth demanded. "Because of two things. One, I've know her since childhood. Two, I'm in love with her. I've been in love with her since the day I've met her. So, I've been…ahem—observing her," he admitted almost sheepishly. "How could you?" she demanded, starting to stride to class. "How could you be in love with a bitch like her?" "I don't know…" he sighed, shaking his head. "Oh, sorry, I'm Jason. Jason Grace. Annabeth, right?" he asked. "Yeah. Now I need to get to class. Bye," she said coolly. Annabeth strode off, with an air almost like Piper's. Jason watched her leave before, hurrying off to class. ~.~ She screamed. Loud. "I hate him! I hate him! I hate him! I hate her!" Annabeth screamed, slamming her fists onto her wall. "I HATE IT!" She threw herself onto her bed, half sobbing, half screaming. "DAMN HIM! DAMN HIM AND PIPER TO HELL!" Annabeth ripped open a drawer and pulled out a throwing dart and threw it. It landed dead point on the target on the wall. "HE AND HIS FUCKING BITCH OF A GIRLFRIEND IS DEAD !" she snarled. ~.~ "Ah! Oh god… Percy …" Piper gasped, groaning as her boyfriend drove himself deeper into her. "Bit…more…" he groaned. "You're so tight Pipes." "Oh…AH!" The brunette screamed as she hit her breaking point. Percy licked his lips, grinning. "Damn, that was good." "Yeah…" she hummed, relaxing into her boyfriend's bare chest. "You've got nothing on the nerd," Percy smirked. "I know," she sighed. There was a sudden crash, faint, but heard by the couple. "What the hell…?" Percy growled. "The drunk bitch isn't supposed to be home until later." "Percy! I'm…I'm scared," Piper whimpered, clutching the sheets closer to her bare body. "Tch. Nothing to worry about. The drunk whore is probably home." Percy rolled his eyes, thinking about his whore of a mother. She was just a drunk asshole, he thought to himself. Suddenly, his bedroom door flew open, with the shadow of a familiar girl hovering in the doorway. "A-Annabeth?" Percy stuttered. "What the hell is she doing here?!" Piper shrieked, pulling the sheets closer. "Tch. I don't now, I don't care. Get lost." Percy moved to push her away, but Annabeth shoved him with a surprising force. Something glinted in one hand, and something thick in the other. "What the—" Before Percy could react, she had a knife against Piper's throat. "Move, and she dies," she spat. Her steely gray eyes had no emotion, nothing. Nothing in her eyes at all. Percy froze in his stance as Annabeth led Piper over to a chair and set to taping her and roping her to the chair. She slapped a piece of tape over her mouth before turning to Percy. "Bed," the blonde ordered. "You're already nude, so that makes my job easier." Percy obediently trotted back to the bed, silently. "Lie down." He did and Annabeth strode over to him, handcuffs in her hand. She chained him to the bedpost and after she finished, she stripped. ~.~ Percy stared at the girl looming above him. She was dressed in tight black clothes with a whip in her hand and heeled black boots on her feet. Where did that shy, flustered girl go , he wondered. Perhaps he had broken her so much that that girl was dead. In front of him was a striking, dominant female, ready to take him down. She lashed her whip at his legs, making him gasp in pain. Annabeth lithely jumped onto him, like a cat and crouched on his chest. Her eyes glinted like an assassin's. "I'm gonna give you a punishment that you deserve." Well then. I have no idea what the hell I did with this. Originally, she was gonna commit suicide after befriending Jason…but that obviously didn't happen. Annabeth is pretty yandere at the end haha. When I wrote the part about her eyes glinting like an assassin's, it made me snort because I was watching Assassination Classroom XDD Okay, done here! Hoped you guys liked! Edit: Thanks ImpossibleThings12 for tipping me off about the first upload ;) Yours in demigoddishness, SoulHorse