bit more." "I've been having a cold lately," Nico says softly. "And I think your flowers are the cause." "Oh." Will doesn't know what else to say because Nico's been buying at his flower shop for over a week now. So, if he's allergic to flowers, then why the heck would be still be buying bouquets? And now that Will thinks about it, Nico is one of his most regular costumers. No one comes here everyday to buy flowers. It just doesn't make sense. Unless, he's planning to make his house a forest. In which case, Will completely understands. However, Nico doesn't seem like the type who wants to build a garden. "It's probably the pollen," Will says. "Male flowers have pollen, while female flowers don't. Maybe those are causing your allergies?" Beside him, Katie nods. "Or maybe, you're just allergic to one specific flower?" In response, Nico sneezes, nearly doubling over. Will leans closer in concern. He puts a hand on Nico's shoulder. "Are you okay? Do you need some medicine?" "No, I-I'm okay," Nico stammers, regaining his composure. He glances at Will's hand and looks away, clearing his throat. Will retrieves his hand with a frown. He looks at it like he's not sure what he's doing. The girl rests her arm over Nico's shoulders. "You don't look so good. Come on, let's get you back." She veers Nico toward the door. She looks back at Will with a smile. "Thank you for your help, Will." "Yeah, sure. Anytime." Once they're out of the shop, Katie leans in. "Is that his girlfriend?" "I hope not." Ever since Bianca visited him, his cold has only gotten worse. In fact, he hasn't gone over to the flower shop in three days. He doesn't have the energy to lift himself off of bed. Bianca has been delivering him food because his body is refusing to cook. His nose is redder, his skin is much paler than usual, and his flowers are beginning to wilt. On top of that, he hasn't seen Will Solace's face in forty-two hours. "It's such a sad life," he mutters, drinking another glass of water. Bianca insisted that he take some medicine, but he stubbornly refused her requests. He doesn't need medicine to make himself better, he just needs some rest. Unfortunately, his body isn't allowing him to rest, either. He's been huddling under the blankets for far too long. His body is shivering. And the cold keeping him awake at night. If the amount of times he's sneezed can amount to money, he'll be a rich man. He's about to wrap himself into a burrito when the doorbell rings. He snaps his head up, blinking. "I thought Bianca already has a key," he says, groaning. He shoves the blankets away, his bones aching. He walks barefoot to the door, his blanket draped securely on his shoulders. He opens the door and nearly wheezes in surprise. Will is smiling at him, a bouquet of flowers in his hands. "Special delivery," he announces cheerily, pushing the flowers over. "It's from your girlfriend." Nico's face distort into one of confusion. "My wha – " He sneezes before he can finish his sentence. A sharp pain enters his head as he curls himself. He manages to straighten his back. He clutches the doorframe for support. "I don't have a girlfriend." "Oh," Will responds. He looks at the card. "It says here that it's from Bianca." "That's my sister," Nico points out. "I don't do incest." To his surprise, Will laughs. Is it just him, or does Will actually look relieved? "Right. Well, let me deliver this inside. You look like you're about to fall over." Nico hesitantly widens the door. Will saunters him. He stops for a moment, his eyes shifting from one flower vase to another. "Nice apartment. Rather dark, though." "Well, I'm letting the sunshine in," Nico replies drily. Will glances back at him in shock, but he doesn't say anything. He places the bouquet on the table. "Quite a collection," he muses. "But why are you buying flowers if you're allergic to them?" "I'm not allergic to all of them." "How are you sure?" "Beca – " Nico sneezes when he walks over. He glares the flower on the table. "What's that?" "A sunflower. Why?" Nico grabs it and leans in to take a smell. But before he does, another sneeze emits. He pushes it against Will's chest. "I think that is what's making me sick." "A sunflower?" Will laughs. "Too bad." He brings the sunflowers under his nose. "They're my favorite." Nico blinks at him, feeling his face heat up. He looks away. "W-whatever." Will laughs again. "I'm going to bring this back to the shop and bring you flowers that won't make you sick, okay? In the meantime . . ." He reaches in his pocket for a piece of crumpled paper. He detaches his pen from the pocket on his shirt and scribbles something. When he's finished, he takes Nico's hand and places it there. Will's skin is slightly rough, but it's warm, and it's making Nico's toes curl. "There. Some prescription medicine." He smiles. "It looks like you'll need it." Will nods as he closes the door behind him. Nico's disappointed that he's already going back, but he did promise to return – soon. He unfolds the paper and finds the word Aspirin scrawled across the space. He turns it over and sees some digits scribbled on the paper, with a note just under it:Call me if you need me. – Will Nico bites his bottom lip, trying not to smile. But when the doorbell rings again, and he finds Will Solace at the door, carrying a bouquet of red tulips, he simply can't resist. Looks like he'll be loving those damn sunflowers soon. A/N: Hello, this is Angel. I'm the second owner of this account. I hope you enjoyed my story. Please tell me your opinions ~ thank you very much. :)