the blankets, snoozing peacefully. Annabeth smiled to herself and set the two picture frames up on Hannah's nightstand. She bent over to pull the comforter up around Hannah's shoulders, but before she could leave, Hannah turned over and looked up at her. "Annabeth?" Hannah asked. "Yes, Hannah?" She said softly. "I've been having dreams about Mommy and Daddy." Annabeth sat down on the edge of Hannah's bed. "Are they bad dreams?" "Not really. They kind of make me sad because I wake up and they aren't here," Hannah said. Her voice was surprisingly strong. "I'm sorry," Annabeth said. "But I kind of like the dreams. Is that bad?" Annabeth smiled softly at her and reached out to brush her brown hair behind her ear. She said, "Of course not, Hannah." "Okay," she paused for a second before she said. "I really like staying here with you and Percy." "You do?" Annabeth asked. "Yeah." "Good," she said. She leaned over and pressed a kiss to her forehead. "I like you staying here with me and Percy, too. Try to get some sleep, Hannah." Hannah laid back down, and Annabeth stood up and shuffled toward the door. "Annabeth?" Hannah said again. "Yes?" "I love you." Annabeth's heart melted. Her voice was thick when she said, "I love you too. Get some sleep. I'm right down the hall if you need me." Hannah curled back up in her bed, and Annabeth closed the door softly behind her. Annabeth swallowed the rest of her tears as she made her way to her bedroom and changed into a tank top and shorts. She crawled under the covers and curled up on her side, listening as Percy cut off the shower and made his way into the room a few minutes later. She could hear him shuffling around quietly, muttering a curse when he bumped his toe against the dresser. She smiled into her pillow, but she didn't say anything. Percy crawled under the sheets beside her a few seconds later. He pressed his nose into her neck, stamping his lips against her skin. She rolled over so she was on her back, and Percy crawled over her so he was hovering above her and looking down at her. "Hi," he said roughly, leaning down to kiss her neck. She sighed, "Percy." She let him kiss her neck for a few minutes. His hands were tracing all over her body, and he kept muttering her name against her skin. Normally, she could relax when she was with Percy, but tonight, her mind was still racing. And it was probably because she hadn't gotten to really talk to him in a while. They had both been so busy lately, and Hannah had been sleeping in their bed with them, so they hadn't gotten to talk about anything for a while. Her hands were tracing up his back, and she used one of them to find his and grasp his fingers. Her voice was quiet when she whispered, "Percy?" He pulled up and placed a kiss on her nose. His green eyes were round, and his pupils were blown wide. He said, "Annabeth." "I missed you." "I missed you too," he said against her lips, kissing her softly. She ran one of her hands up his chest and pushed him back slightly until she could see his face. His eyebrows were furrowed, and he looked really confused. He hadn't put a shirt on after getting out of the shower, and when Annabeth traced her foot up his leg, making him shudder, she barely grazed the shorts he had thrown on. "I feel like I haven't gotten to talk to you," she explained. His face softened, and the confusion melted away. He leaned down and pressed another kiss to her lips, but he pulled back enough so he could whisper, "I know." When he kept pressing kisses to her jaw, she laughed lightly and pushed against his chest, "Percy." He sighed in exasperation and pulled all the way up so his face was hovering above hers. He looked kind of amused, but his voice was slightly whiny when he said, "You talk, and I'll listen." She rolled her eyes. "Percy." He sighed again and rolled off of her and back onto the bed. He put his arm behind his head and kept his other hand in hers, pressing them against his heart. He said, "So what do you want to talk about?" "Hannah said that she loved me." Percy was smiling, "Of course she did. Why are we talking about it?" "I mean, I don't think that I've ever heard her say it like that," she said. "What do you mean?" Percy asked. "She says it all of the time. Even before Mom and Paul—" She cut him off before he had to say it. "I know, but I just felt like she really meant it this time. She said that she liked staying here with us." Percy's jaw was tight when she looked back over at him, but he nodded. "Yeah. That's good." "Are you okay?" She asked after a second of silence. "No," he admitted. "Are you?" She shook her head, "No." He sighed and tugged her closer to him with his grip on her hands. Annabeth put her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes, trying to stop the tears before they started. He smelled good, and his skin was warm. She pressed her lips against his collarbone. Percy sighed again and rolled back over on top of her. He was already kissing her, and really, Annabeth just wanted to forget. She wanted to get lost in Percy and not have to think about anything again until in the morning. He pulled back suddenly, and Annabeth whimpered at the loss of contact. He said, "Annabeth?" "Yeah?" She whispered. "Can we not talk about anything else until in the morning?" He asked. She nodded and pulled him back down to her lips. Thanks for reading! -SomethingMoreCreative