pit knew something was happening, something that upset the Primordial of the Pit himself. That's was not even saying anything about Nyx not at her mansion any more. Something bad was coming, something that will change the both the mortal and godly worlds forever. Something that could end everything. Unknown Pov I watch as my beloved's Daughter get ready to go to Camp Half-Blood for the first time, despite it being against Percy's wishes. I sighed once again. "Anna Jackson, you are much more troublesome than your father was at that age. You may end up destroying more than you will save in your life. You're just like Percy in so many ways. I just hope you don't repeat your Father's mistake and open the seal to release Vetitum unum from her prison. Percy could barely hold her back at their first meeting when he first released the seal." Flashback Day after Thalia's Death Camp Half-Blood Forest Percy's Pov I can't believe it! I can't see Anna! My own Daughter! I shook my head to clear it of the negative thoughts that started to cloud it. "I guess I should train in the powers as the child of Nyx and Erebus." -One Hour Later- "Midnight Slash!" I yelled as I slashed Riptide though the air. I let myself fall into a old training stance I had once used to draw the water from the air itself before I learned how to do it without any help. " Seal Open: The Forbidden one!" I yelled, not knowing what I was doing as a seal appeared in front of me. " Finally! I'm Free! " A demonic female voiced yelled as the Seal Shattered. " Now I shall destroy this world, once and for all! " "Ah crap." " A Mortal? I am a bit hungry. You should feel honored that I am going to eat you. " "Well, it's not like I don't hear that everyday since I turned twelve." I muttered as I got a good at the demon I had just summoned. It was about my height, it's skin tone was a deep dark blue, it had a pair of dark blue bat-like wings. I tensed, ready to attack at a moments notice. The demon let out a growl before it lunged at me, it's claws ready to rip my throat out. "I'm not your normal prey, I fight back." I said as I dodged the demon and snapped my wrist as if I using a whip. The water in the air formed a 9ft long whip that wrapped around the demon's body. Using my body as a weight, I pulled as hard as I could. The demon spun around, using both the spin on the demon and sliced the demon's wings off. The demon let out a shriek that nearly made me go deaf. " How dare you touch me! You will die a slow and painful death! " "I've heard that one before." I muttered as I dodged a blast of some kind of energy the demon threw at me. "I'm not going to let you destroy anything, nor will I be defeated by the likes of you. Midnight Slash!" I as I launched my attack on the demon. I started to form a ball of Dark Energy in my left hand. "Dark Nova!" I yelled as I slammed the ball of Dark Energy in the spot the demon's wing where. I made a few hand signs without think. "The Seal of Darkness: Sealing. The Seal of Night: Sealing. The Seal of the Mist: Sealing. The Seal of Water: Sealing. The Seal of the Stars: Sealing. Using the five Seals, I create The Seal of The Five Elemental Binding: Contain." I dropped to one knee. "You shall forever be Contained with the Elements themselves!" I yelled as I finished the Seal, what happened next was still a bit blurry. End Flashback No one's Pov With the Unknown one A young girl, around the age 20 years old, was staring into a large bowl with water in it. The water with in the bowl rippled and shimmered until the image of a younger girl appeared. The girl had about 7 people around her, they appeared to be talking about something. The girl looking into the bowl started to say something. "Anna Talia Grace Jackson, you are so much like your Father, it's scary. You have a long way to go before you ready to fight you Fathers enemy's. Tero, Abyss, Tartarus, Nova, Nexus, The Forbidden One, and The Gate Keeper. You have a hard and long life ahead of you, but I have faith that you will being Percy back. You and your Father, Percy, are the key to our Victory and our survival." The girl muttered. "Once your enemy's have been defeated, I can finally meet you, my beloved." The girl waved her hand over the bowl. The image of the girl shimmered before it vanished. "Good luck, Anna Talia Grace Jackson." AN: That concludes the first chapter of Beautiful Consequences. It's not as long as I wanted it to be but it will have to do for now. I have a Question for you guys. I will post a poll on my Profile, The question is 'Do you want me to create a website using Google website creator about the characters themselves?' That's means the Character Bio's. Anna: Hi Guys. Me: How the hell did you get in here? Jonathan: I let her in. My eye's widened. Me: You closed the doorway behind you guys, right? Jonathan: No, why do you ask? A roar shook the house. Me: You dumbass! A giant dragon blast the wall down. Me: The Dark Dragon of the Abyss. Pulls out a sword. Me: I'll be back, then we will talk about your access to the Doorway. For Oblivion! Runs at the Dragon. Anna: Go help him, I'll sign us off. Jonathan: Got it. Set's hands on fire. Anna: Bye guys.