to cover himself as best as he could with the shadows, but since he was so weak, he didn't want to push it. He supposed it was good enough, as Will's gaze passed right over him. Will slumped in defeat. Nico almost felt bad about hiding. Almost. Nico was still upset with Will, but he knew that he'd cave eventually. Nico wasn't one for hurting others, unless they were enemies. Nico leans against the trunk again, trying to ignore the son of Apollo below. "Nico, please come out. I hope you didn't shadow travel. You're not well enough for that, and as much as you hate it, it's true. Please tell me you didn't try to shadow travel… You might fade." Will sit down at the base of the tree next to Nico's tree. "I just… I care about you a lot. I know we haven't known each other for long, but I'd be willing to wait for you. Until you're comfortable. "Just please come out. We can work this out. I won't try anything like I did earlier." It had started to rain, startling Nico. It seemed to startle Will too, but he didn't move from his spot. He merely looked up at the sky and let the rain hit his face. "Please Nico…." Will pleading once more, then pulled his knees up to his chest and laid his head across his arms. When lightning flashed, Nico saw Will jump, his gaze shooting up. The rain started coming down harder, and Nico couldn't take it anymore. Nico climbed down the tree, landing gracefully on his feet. He was only a few feet from Will, but Will either didn't notice or was too busy fighting off hypothermia to care. Nico nudged his shoulder, making him look up, then jump again. "Why are you out here in this rain? You're a doctor, you should know better." Nico chides him, holding his hand. Will stares at it for a moment. "Well? Are you just going to sit there and get sick, or are you coming back with me to the infirmary?" Will looks back up at Nico, then takes him hand. "You know, I wouldn't be out in this rain if you hadn't run off." Will says quietly. "And I wouldn't have run off if you knew how to control your hormones." Will's face turned bright red, and he looked away sheepishly. "Guilty." He responds shyly. Nico realizes he's still holding his hand and drops it immediately. "Let's just get back to the infirmary." Nico mumbles. Nico glances at Will, who is smiling lightly, with his messy hair matted down by the rain. Nico looks away, blushing. He shouldn't still be so cute. He should look like a wet dog. But he doesn't, and it's infuriating. By the time they reach the infirmary, they are both shivering, soaking wet, and sickness is pretty much guaranteed. Kayla finds them in Nico's room, trying to dry off. She tsks at their situation. "You should've known better than to go parading around in the rain. Now, you're both going to get sick." She scolded them, then got them new sets of clothes and blankets. After changing into the drier clothes, they curled up together underneath multiple blankets, 'to conserve body heat', according to Will, but Nico suspects it's just because he wants to be close to him. Nico didn't mind for once, because Will was like a furnace. Will kept both of them warm and cozy, and Nico didn't mind it one bit. Of course, if anyone asked him if he enjoyed it, he'd automatically deny it, but he so enjoyed it. "This is nice." Will mutters, nuzzling his cheek against Nico's shoulder affectionately. Nico noticed this, but he didn't push him away, because he didn't want to make Will upset again, and who was he kidding, he liked the close contact between the two of them. "Yeah, I guess." Nico says, leaning his head against Will's. He likes this, this close contact with Will. Based on this thought, Nico decides something. "Hey, Will?" "Hmm?" Will looks up at Nico curiously. Nico takes a deep breath, then puts his hand under Will's chin and connects their lips. Will starts, but then he starts moving, kissing him back languidly. Nico caresses Will's face as they kiss, using the other hand to thread his fingers through his hair. Will leans forward, deepening the kiss, and causing Nico to moan quietly. Will's tongue begins to prod Nico's bottom lip, asking for entrance, to which Nico grants. Will happily explores Nico's mouth, tangling their tongues. When they pull apart, they're both slightly flushed, breathing heavily, and a string of saliva connects them. Will chuckles softly, causing Nico to look up at him, his eyes filled with affection. "The cherry stems were right. You are a good kisser." Will informs him causing him to blush and hide his face. "Aww, don't hide your face, I like your face." Will tells him, which makes his face get a shade or two darker. Nico looks up at Will grumpily, making Will grin at him. The cherry stem were so right. Nico di Angelo was a fantastic kisser. And now, he was all Will's. But don't let Nico hear that. He'll skin Will alive. And then resurrect him. And do it again. "You're so cute." Will says, then pecks Nico on the nose. Nico smirks, then grabs the back of Will's neck and pulls him down for another mind-blowing kiss. I could get used to this, Will thinks. "You're not so bad yourself." Nico told him, winking. Will's heart felt like it was about to beat out of his chest. Who knew Nico could be such a flirt? And who knew that a relationship could start from something as small as a cherry stem? Will didn't, but he was definitely enjoying it. The new couple ended up falling asleep after a few more minutes of intense making-out, still cuddled up under the blankets.