muttered, wrapping her arms around his neck and holding his head to her chest. "Annabeth?" He asked. He wrapped one of his arms around her waist, "What are you doing here?" "What are you doing here? And why didn't you tell me that you were in an accident?!" She demanded. "I lost my phone, and I just got a new one today. I haven't downloaded Snapchat yet," he said. She pulled back to look at him. Annabeth was wearing a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Percy hadn't ever seen her wear anything besides a skirt or dress, and it was kind of nice to see her like this. Her hair was pulled up into a messy ponytail. She just looked like a completely different person. And Percy… kind of liked it. Her eyes were watering and— wait. Was she crying? "Hey," Percy said. His voice was wobbly. "I'm okay. I'm fine." "You look fine," she said. He smiled up at her, "Seriously. I'm okay. Just a broken leg." "And a lot of other stuff," she frowned. "I already talked to you nurse." "Well, aren't you on top of things?" "One of us has to be if the other one is going to be hit by a car. God, Percy, what were you thinking?" She said, sitting down on his bed. Percy winced when he shrugged, and Annabeth looked at him worriedly. He said, "I was thinking that I was going to go home and Snapchat you, but some dick ran a red light." She sighed and cupped his chin with her hand. She rubbed her fingers across his jaw and smiled lightly, "You need to shave." "Mmm. That's the thing that I'm worried about the most right now." She smiled and leaned down, pushing her lips to his. Normally when they kissed they were all fire and passion. They were moving fast and kissing fiercely, but right now, Annabeth was kissing him like she had all of the time in the world. She was cupping his cheek sweetly, slowing him down when he tried to speed up, and threading her other hand through his hair. Percy closed his eyes and sighed into her mouth. He felt her smile against his lips. Annabeth pulled back and leaned her forehead against his. Percy opened his eyes to find her already staring at him. "I don't know when this stopped being a one-time thing," she said softly. "Probably when I started to really like you," he said bravely, leaning forward and pressing his smile to hers in an attempt of a kiss. She laughed and kissed him back, "Probably." After a few minutes Percy said, "How did you find out that I was here?" "I might have cornered Jason at lunch and demanded to know where you were," she said, brushing his hair off of his forehead and tracing her fingers down his jaw and neck. "Oh, they're going to freak the fuck out," he murmured. "Why?" "The other day when you walked past us and looked at me like that they thought that we were screwing." She laughed, but her face was a little red. She said, "I kind of did it on purpose so they would notice." "Of course you did," he muttered. "They're going to freak when they meet you." "Why?" "Because they love you." "But not as much as you do, right?" Percy laughed and pulled her back to his lips. He whispered, "Of course not," before he kissed her. Annabeth pulled back from him when they heard, "No fucking way." Jason, Leo, and Nico were standing at the door. They were carrying some Chinese takeout from Percy's favorite place and a mobile keyboard. They must have been planning on messing around with a few songs but that would hardly work because Jason and Leo's jaws were hanging open, and Nico was rolling his eyes, fighting back a smile. "Hey, guys," Annabeth said with a laugh. She let her hand fall from Percy's face, but she tangled her fingers with his. "Sorry, I beat you here." It took them a minute to find their voices, but Jason finally said, "Well, we had to stop and get this loser some food." "Yeah. What did you bring?" Leo teased playfully. Annabeth laughed again and kissed Percy swiftly on the cheek. She said, "A confession of my undying love." Percy blushed and covered his face with one of his hands, laughing quietly. "Uh, we thought that you guys were just having sex," Jason said, rubbing the back of his neck. "We didn't know that you were actually together." Annabeth smiled again and reached out for Percy, "I didn't either until about two hours ago when you told me that this idiot was in the hospital." "Oh," Jason said, glancing at Percy. "Well we can leave—?" "No," she said before Percy could object. "I'll leave. I've been here and you guys haven't gotten to see—" Percy interrupted, and his voice was small when he said, "Why can't everybody stay?" All of them looked over to him before Leo came further into the room and flopped down in a chair. He said, "I'm with Perce. I wanna get to know Miss Annabeth Chase." Percy smiled as Jason and Nico agreed. They shut the door behind them and came into the room, pulling out Percy's food and handing it to him. All of them signed his cast. Percy grinned when Annabeth signed her name with a heart and when Nico wrote the lyrics to their first song on it. Ω When Percy Jackson limped into school with a black eye and crutches the next week, he got weird looks form his peers because Annabeth Chase was trailing right behind him in her high heels, carrying his backpack for him and kissing him on the cheeks and lips every chance she got. no line break huh oh well i think you guys like my commentary better anyway A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative