a lot darker now, but the sky is clearing up, and the moon is coming out. If the air wasn't so chilly, then it would be a really nice night. Percy comes back a few minutes later, and he scrambles to get a fire going. She isn't sure who taught him how to do that (maybe Leo or Jason when they were out here messing around), but it doesn't take him long. He throws their clothes onto one of the rocks next to the fire so they'll dry before he walks back over to Annabeth and pulls her closer to the fire. "Let me in," he says, tugging on the towel. He's shivering now, and Annabeth hurries to wrap the towel around him. He sits down on the rock next to the fire, pulling Annabeth into his lap and wrapping the towel around her too. Between the fire and Percy's body heat, it doesn't take long before she starts to warm up again. Neither of them have said anything, and the longer Annabeth thinks about it, the more awkward this situation gets. She ignores it though and hopes that her voice doesn't sound weird when she says, "This is nice." "Yeah?" His voice is deep, and his mouth is really close to her ear. "Yeah." It's quiet for another few minutes before Percy says her name. He sounds so serious that she turns her head so she can see him. He isn't looking at her, and his green eyes are focused on the ground a few feet away. His hair is sticking up in different directions all over his head since it's starting drying, and Annabeth resists the urge to run her fingers through it to straighten it. "You okay?" She asks. He sounds weird, and she wonders if everything is alright. "Yeah, I'm just…" he sighs before he turns his gaze to her. "Would you have really kissed me back there?" She's so surprised that she doesn't know how to answer. She stares at him for a few minutes, and his eyes are just as wide as hers are, like he didn't mean to say that. When she doesn't say anything, he looks away. "Never mind. It's okay. Just forget that I asked." Annabeth grabs his chin in her hand and turns his head so he has to look at her. There's hurt deep in his eyes, and Annabeth turns around in his lap so she's completely facing him. Her knees are on either side of his hips, and she can think of a million other things she would rather be doing than talking right now. "Percy," her voice is soft when she starts out. "You're my best friend." "Yeah," he says, "I get it." "No, you don't. I just…" Annabeth doesn't know what to say to him to get him to understand. "Hey," he says. "It's fine. Forget I said anything." Annabeth leans forward, but right before her lips touch his, he covers her mouth with two of his fingers. "Don't kiss me just because I want you to, Annabeth," he says seriously. "I get it if you don't feel the same way. You're my best friend too, and I can't lose you, okay? If this is going to be something that stops—" "Percy, shut up," she breathes, reaching up and pulling his fingers away. She leans in, and Percy's surprised expression is the last thing she sees before she closes her eyes and presses her lips to his. He makes a sound against her lips before his hands find her waist and push her back a bit. His breath is shallow, and his voice is rough when he says, "Annabeth, no." "Percy," she breathes, leaning forward and pressing her lips to his jaw and the corner of his mouth. "I've been wanting to kiss you for a very long time now, and I would seriously appreciate it if you would stop talking." His breath catches, and he says, "Are you… are you sure?" She laughs lightly and slips her arms around his neck, hugging her body closer to his. "Yes, I'm sure. Now just let me kiss you." He nods slowly, looking up at her in disbelief before Annabeth leans in and slots her lips perfectly to his. They stay that way for a long time, pressing kisses to each other's lips and skin, letting their hands wander across each other's bodies like they haven't for so long. Annabeth isn't into clichés, but this is so perfect, and she can't really feel the cold anymore. And it is pretty romantic out here. Everything smells like rain, the fire is flickering in the background, and Annabeth can feel Percy's skin against hers almost everywhere. She pulls back from his lips suddenly, "Is this why you wanted to come out here?" Even though she can barely see him by the firelight, she can tell that he blushes. "You're the one that kissed me first." "Yeah," she says skeptically. "But what if I hadn't kissed you?" He shrugs. Annabeth huffs. He laughs softly, pressing kisses to her shoulder and the column of her throat. "I'm glad that you kissed me." Even though she's smiling, she pinches his side and says, "Me too, you dork. But next time you try to do something romantic, check the weather first." "I don't know," he says mischievously, glancing down at her bra clad chest. "This was a pretty easy way to get you out of your clothes." She slaps his head, smirking when he winces. She presses her mouth to his ear and whispers, "Maybe so, but there's no telling what you would have gotten if we were at home and wrapped up in my sheets in bed." Percy shudders, muttering, "Fuck," under his breath. Annabeth laughs again, and they spend the rest of the night curled up in each other's arms, pressing kisses here and there and talking until the sun breaks gently through the trees. Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative