Jackson." She sat down on the extra pull-out beds from under Percy's hospital bed. "Did you call your mom?" "Yeah, I told her the same thing I told you. She's still over in San Francisco for her trip, though. She'll see me later." "Oh," Annabeth said. She picked at her nails and reluctantly said, "Are you... hungry?" To be honest, she was a little embarrassed. Percy nodded. "Starving. I missed food here. Was too late. What's that?" He pointed at the plastic bag that had been tied up, so the warmth of the inside wouldn't escape as Annabeth would get here. She stared at it and almost would've cried at her ridiculousness. "I brought Chinese takeout," Annabeth mumbled, opening the bag with her two hands, untying the ribbon. "I figured you'd be hungry. We might as well have our date right now here." He looked at her with a confused and odd expression that she couldn't really decipher. Would he think that she's an idiot, or was he really happy that he could eat, but the bandages were pulling him back? "Annabeth?" "Yeah?" "I knew you were the best out there. I knew it." "Yeah, yeah," she said, giving him a pair of chopsticks. "I heard you talking about Chinese food the other day and I just managed to pass one while I was on my way here. So don't think I'm giving this to you cause-" Annabeth was cut off my something slamming into her with the smell of cologne, arms wrapping around her tightly with the Ringer's solution cords and all. She heard herself squeak a little, followed by the sound of him sighing. "Thanks, Annabeth," He took a deep breath. "This really means a lot to me, you know?" "Y-yeah," she could not believe while all of this was happening, she'd just stuttered. "Okay, I get it Percy. Can we please eat 'cause I'm as hungry as you are." She could literally feel him grinning, and she was right. As he pulled away, there was a large grin on his face. He looked down to where the Chinese food was still on the bag and pointed with his finger, along with his eyebrows that raised up. "So uh, what's mine?" Annabeth took out two cartons you see at the Chinese restraunts- dragons and chinese characters in red with a white background. "I got Chow Mein for you, Fried Rice for me. You do like noodles, right?" "I love them." He took out the box and unfolded it. "Thanks, Annabeth. You're the best." She nodded and the first few minutes were just silence, both enjoying their meals that they've been craving for over the last two hours. There were no sounds but some IVs beeping on the other side of the room, the soap opera someone had put on the TV followed by laughter, also with Percy's slurping of noodles. Percy stopped to take a breath, in which Annabeth noticed and look up. He looked at her, raised an eyebrow and opened his mouth. "Does this count as our first date?" Annabeth took another spoonful of rice. "Well, yeah, if you want to. We could always make it up next time, there. Don't rush." "No," Percy looked at his food and picked at his noddles with his chopsticks, which were almost empty. "I like this, actually. It's something that's going to be memorable. And it's different. A lot of people don't have first dates in hospitals with Chinese food, you know?" "Right," Annabeth smiled, looking down at her food also. "You're right." "I know I am." Annabeth smiled even more. "Shut up, and eat your food. I can't be here forever." "You can," Percy looked at her all serious, then smiled back to his food. "I mean, if you don't mind beds that are hard like that." He pointed at where she was sitting at, rasing his eyebrows as he pointed like last time. That's funny. She'd never realized he'd raise his eyebrows with he'd point at something, and she thought it was endearring. She'd have to mention it a later. Her mind went back to his statement. "Acutally, Percy, I do." The last bite of rice went into her mouth. "Also, I've got Rose that's probably waiting for me. I sorta left from the house ignoring her questions." "Oh, okay," Percy also put down his box of Chow Mein and stuck his sleek wood chopsticks in there too. "Thanks for the food, though. It was great." "Thank the cooks, not me." She took the Chinese box from him which he handed to her with a dimpled smile and shoved it into the trash can next to his bed along hers, His eyes never left her as she stood up and gained her dress and her purse. "Have I told you that you look lovely today?" She tore her eyes from her dress and looked at Percy Jackson with a raised eyebrow. Truth to be told, she felt, well good that he'd noticed her share of time two hours before he she was to meet him. She tried to hide a smile but failed, having to see him brighten up nore. "I'll see you..?" "Next Monday in class." "Early, huh?" "Trying my best. I'd hate to stay here without company except for maybe an hour a day. And besides," he rubbed the back of his neck. "I'd have too much work if I were to miss class. You know. College." Annabeth managed a small smile and gripped the end of her dress. "Yeah, I know. I'll see you next monday, then." "Yeah," he smiled back and nodded. "You will." Annabeth said her goodbyes to a grinning Percy Jackson, heading out the door, also greeting the receptionist a good night when she'd exited the font main doors. When she jumped back into her car and started the engine, looking at the mirror, she could see a grin replacing the worry that had been there just an hour ago. FIN