to do. We can do this Percy." He stared at me hopelessly, but then looked down at Mia, and across at all the people he had shared his life with. Slowly I could see a plan start to formulate in his head. "Gods, I promised myself that I'd never do this again." He muttered and reached his hand out so that I could touch it. "Grab my hand." I looked at him like he was crazy; we both knew that that only drained us and left us shaking from the shock. Or at least, that's what I had experienced; I assumed it was the same with him. But nevertheless, I grabbed onto his hand, lacing my fingers with his. The electricity sparked through me like always, the burning sensation flowing up my arm and making my heart beat irregularly. I could feel my energy draining rapidly, but I gritted my teeth. Don't let go. "How is this helping?" I asked through my tight jaw, struggling to stay conscious. Percy looked down at our intertwined hands and then up at my face. "Just trust me. I'm sorry Annabeth. I promised I wouldn't do it again." "Do what?" I asked him, confused. But I never got to find out. At that moment an arm grabbed me from behind and ripped my hand from Percy's. I gasped at the sudden loss of electrical current and sagged with exhaustion, allowing my arms to be pinned behind my back and my face to get pressed into the dirt. I could faintly hear Percy's screams in my ears, growing more and more distant as I either steadily lost conscious or he was dragged away. I didn't know which. I weakly batted off the hand holding me and tried to curl up into a ball as best I could to try to stop the ongoing ache in my chest, my heart beat still felt irregular in my ears, and my blood was pulsing through my veins at what had to be an unhealthy pattern. The rain was still pounding into the hard ground, but this time I welcomed it, letting it drown me and carry me away. I barely even noticed when hands pulled me roughly to my feet and tugged off my jumper, revealing my shoulder which held the small mark showing which Side I belonged to. I faintly shivered at my suddenly exposed form, the rain instantly drenching my thin tank top. I was thrown to another pair of hands which gripped me tightly to keep me upright. They were yelling in my ear, but I couldn't make out what they were saying. My eyes just wanted to close Close Close… Something was shoved against my forehead, cold and hard, and I slid my eyes open a crack to see what it was. Huh, would you look at that, it's a gun… I had never wanted to sleep more in my entire life, and I wished that everyone would just shut up so that I could collapse and never wake up again. Never see stupid Seaweed brain and his stupid electric hands again… Seaweed Brain. I smiled as I imagined I could hear him over the roar of the crackling flames and hail pelting the ground like stones. " ANNABETH…" His voice faded in and out, like he was singing a song… a sweet song, but a sad song. He sounded desperate. Why was he sad? Don't be sad, Percy… Someone ploughed into me from the side just as I heard a distinct pop. The gun, I thought. Had someone been shot? I forced my eyes open, trying to shake off the dizziness and the urge to puke. Percy was above me, his eyes red and blood shot, a scream curdling in his throat as he pushed down frantically on my stomach. Ouch. What the…? Percy took one hand off my stomach and placed it gently on my face; I could feel his hand trembling slightly and I wanted to ask him if he was cold. I could see his lips forming words as tears dripped from his eyes and onto my face. I lifted my hand to cover his, but he immediately stopped me, gently grabbing my wrist and bringing it to his face, closing his eyes as he rocked me back and forth. I spread my fingers out to stroke his cheek slightly. "Percy?" I croaked weakly. His eyes snapped open and searched mine worriedly. "Hey, hey Wise Girl." He whispered. His voice sounded distant and foggy, and I could only just make out the words. "You're gonna be okay, you're gonna be just fine. I promise, gods, I promise." He repeated over and over into my ear, holding me as though I were a glass about to shatter into a million pieces. "Why are you crying?" I breathed. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, it's all my fault, all my bloody fault." His other hand continued to press down on my stomach, and I slowly became increasingly aware of sharp needles of pain erupting for where his hands pressed. What the heck? I looked down at myself, noticing the way a ruby red stain blossomed across my grey tank top like spilled ink. I looked back up at Percy; he was smoothing my hair out of my face and rocking me steadily in time with his sobs. "Seaweed Brain," I whispered. "I just want to sleep…" "No, no, no, no, no, Annabeth. C'mon Wise Girl, not yet. NOT YET! Don't close your eyes, don't close your eyes. Hey, hey look at me, look at me, yeah?" I forced myself to lock gazes with him, staring weakly into his vibrant eyes, which finally weren't shrouded by that stupid hood . I smiled. It was nice to see his whole face. It was beautiful. He was beautiful. "Family?" I whispered. Percy leant down and gently bumped my nose with his own, his tears staining my cheeks. "Family." He promised. And then my eyes closed.