music. I must have fallen asleep somewhere along the way because the next I know is it's almost dark and we're driving through fairly wooded area. "We're almost there Percy!" My mom said "Great." I muttered "Please, just go and have fun! You'll understand soon enough Percy." She said "Understand what? You and Mr. Brunner keep saying that whenever you brought up this stupid camp! What is so important that I don't understand?" I asked frustrated "Percy. I can't... Well I suppose you would be finding out soon anyway." She said reluctantly "Percy you remember those Greek myths?" She asked "Yeah. What's that have to with this camp?" I asked confused "Well, you see-" BOOM! A bright flash lit up the car and I felt that momentary weightlessness. CRASH The car flipped and tumbled off the side of the road. I groaned once the car had stopped moving. I grabbed at the door only to find it jammed. I unbuckled and crawled out the broken window. I laid on the ground catching my breath. "Mom?.. Mom!" I said as I realized my mom was still in the car. I quickly scrambled over to the drivers side of the car and tried to pry it open. No budge. I pulled back and punched the window as hard as I could, the glass shattered. I looked inside and my breath caught in my throat. There was so much blood. My mom's head laid resting on the wheel, her eyes open and unseeing. "Mom..." I said as the first tears in a long long time came up and threatened to spill. But before I could mourn, I heard a horrible sound. It sounded like an unholy combination of a mans furious cry and the screaming of an enraged bull. I looked up and I saw a horrible beast lumbering towards me. From the chest down he looked like a regular beefy man in fruit of the loom underpants. But from the chest up he was a big muscular bull, with fiery red eyes filled with blood lust. Looking on this creature I knew. I knew it was all truly real, not some delusion in my head. The gods were real... The myths were real... And that meant... Zeus had killed my mother! Cold hard fury filled my body as I trembled with rage. The minotaur began running at me, I quickly got up and jumped to the side as he rushed past. I looked around and saw a sign that said: Welcome to Camp Half Blood! That had to be it, Mr. Brunner said it was a safe haven. Now I knew what he meant. I started sprinting towards the sign hoping for safety. When suddenly I felt like I was hit by a train. The minotaur had snuck up behind me and charge me while I made my desperate run. I fell to the ground gasping for breath. The minotaur looked down at me and kicked my in the back so hard that I flew a few feet. The beast roared again and kicked the ground. Zeus must have sent this beast to kill me. I thought ... Just like he had killed my mother! Because of this being, my mother was dead! Suddenly something strange happened... The shadows got darker and more solid looking... But I didn't notice, all I could think about was my rage... My anger at Zeus and his little minions. The Minotaur roared an even more angry roar. I opened my mouth and yelled back. What came out surprised even me. It sounded like the roar of a feral beast bent on destruction and annihilating anything in its path. I finished my cry and charged at the monster. The Minotaur seemed surprised that I would be stupid enough to straight on attack it, but it recovered and charged me too. Just as we were about to collide I threw out my arm on instinct and a pure black shadow shot out and speared the Minotaur through the chest It gave a startled moo ! And began disintegrating into golden dust leaving only a Minotaur horn, I picked up the horn. I look back up at the hill and began trudging towards the white pine tree. My vision was getting blurry and dark. But I had to get to the camp, surely it would be safe there. Safe from another monster. From the gods. From Zeus. I reached the pine tree and stumbled across, feeling like I was breaking through some fine invisible barrier. Feeling like I was finally safe a feeling of relief rushed over me. Safety didn't last long as I tripped over a foot poking out of the ground. I laid there physically exhausted from the Minotaur beating me around and whatever I had done to it with the shadows. And emotionally exhausted from seeing my mother die. My vision began to dark more. Just before I blacked out I saw a face, a girl with pretty blue eyes and spiky black hair. Ok! This is my first ever original fanfic! Some of the story was a little borrowed from Son of Tartarus, but I modified it a lot. For example Percy is not a murder crazy blood thirsty dark guy. This story is mainly my idea though it was just inspired by Son of Tartarus. Ok, so I would love to know what you guys are thinking for Percy's love interest! Thalia is going to be involved in this story, I changed it so that she did not die and her tree was a gift from the gods. Also, Percy's personality is going to be pretty different in this story, he's going to be more apathetic and distant but his friends and love interest will help him to become more empathetic. And finally, if you have any suggestions or tips for the story PM me and I will be very grateful! Stick with this! I think that it could become a pretty good story!