last ounce of the pain because she had lost their baby. She felt empty. "I'm sorry," she cried. "I'm so sorry, Percy, I'm so sorry—" "Annabeth, stop." She shoved back from him, pulling her free hand that didn't have the IV up to her face. "Why didn't you tell me earlier?" Percy blurted out. When Annabeth's eyes darted up to his face, he looked like he instantly regretted the words that flew out of his mouth. Annabeth sobered. "I… I didn't want to scare you." "It was that first night we were together, wasn't it?" Percy guessed, eyebrows scrunched together. "And that week you avoided me was when you found out." She shuddered, but nodded. He leaned closer to her, dropping his head into his hands. "I wish you had told me sooner." Another tear dripped down her cheek, and Annabeth felt anger rising in her chest. Her voice was cold when she said, "Well, at least I didn't get your hopes up because I lost him, didn't I?" Percy jerked his head up, and when she thought that he was going to be angry with her, all he said, in a broken voice, was, "Him?" Her breath caught. She barely managed to choke out, "I didn't know for sure. I just thought it would be a boy." His face was blank, but she could see the pain in his eyes. "I wish you would have told me because I didn't want you to have to do this by yourself. This… worrying about what I would think and fretting about what to eat or why you're sick or— any of it, okay? You'll never scare me away, Annabeth. I love you, and I want a family and a life with you. I'm not going anywhere." She nodded miserably, clenching her hands into fists until Percy took one away from her and tangled her fingers with his. His voice was a million times softer when he said, "We're going to be fine, Annabeth. We're fine." "I love you. I'm so sorry," she whispered, leaning back until her head hit the pillows of her hospital bed. Percy leaned forward and pressed a kiss to her forehead, lingering for a few seconds afterwards. He squeezed Annabeth's hand in his, and she cried herself back to sleep. Ω The snow fell quietly to the street, mirroring the street lights that flickered in the darkness, casting an orange glow onto the empty sidewalk. Even though Percy was at her side, holding her hand and humming softly, he felt like he was a million miles away. It had been weeks since the car accident. Weeks since she had gotten out of the hospital. Weeks since she lost him. Annabeth tightened her jaw, fighting the sadness that welled up in her chest. She had been… inconsolable at first. Once she was out of the hospital, she and Percy got into so many petty fights because of the tension between them that she thought she was going to lose him for good. It helped when she talked to Sally. Percy's mother had cried when Annabeth told her about the baby, but Sally was positive that they would have another chance. That they would have a family one day. That things happened for a reason. Annabeth wasn't sure if that was true. She turned her head away from Percy, looking to the right. She froze, jerking to a stop in the middle of the sidewalk. Percy stopped too because of his hold on her hand. His voice was confused when he asked her what was wrong. In the window of one of the shops, there was a nursery set up, with a beautiful white crib and elegant rocking chair beside it. The rest of the display was set up perfectly, and just looking at it made Annabeth feel sick to her stomach. This was supposed to be her nursery. She would have had a room in her apartment that looked like this. A room where the baby slept and lived and grew. Their baby. That she lost. Percy voice was soft, "Annabeth." She tore her gaze away from the window. "No, I know. Come on, let's go home." "Annabeth. Don't shut me out." She sighed roughly, "I know that he was yours too, but he was inside me. He was… he was—" She choked on her sobs, and Percy pulled her into his chest. "Hey," he said, tangling his hand in her hair and letting the other grip her hip. "I know it's hard, and I know it hurts. Hell, I can't imagine how you feel, Annabeth, but it just… it's something that happened. It's something that we have to deal with." "What if I can't get pregnant again?" she whispered, finally letting the horrible question come to the surface. "The doctors say that you're fine—" "What if the doctors are wrong?" He shoved her back for enough where he could see her face. His eyes were wide, and his jaw was tight. He said, "Then we'll adopt. Annabeth, if this is something that you want, then we will get it, okay? This won't stop us from having a family. Do you understand?" She nodded, letting out a harsh breath against his chest as his words washed over her. They stood in the middle of the deserted sidewalk for an indescribable amount of time, with Annabeth clutching on to Percy and Percy holding on to Annabeth. Percy was all that Annabeth had anymore, and he wasn't getting away from her. Not now, not ever. "I love you," she murmured, blinking away the tears in her eyes. He nodded too, "I love you too, Annabeth. I love you so much." Annabeth let Percy's words surround her and comfort her at the same time, and she thought that her heart might be able to heal from the break that shattered it, especially with him by her side and ready to conquer the world. A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative