eyes. They were like Poseidon's, but just way more amazing. They looked like miniature oceans swirling around, and when they met mine, I'm pretty sure the bones in my knees disappeared for a second. But I was an actress, so none of what I was thinking showed on my face as I held out my hand. "Annabeth Chase," I said. When his hand touched my, little lightning bolts shot through my entire body—but again, nothing showed. Acting could be pretty handy in these moments. "Yeah, I know. You're kind of popular," he said. I noticed his tone wasn't exactly all the way friendly, and I frowned for a moment, glancing at Poseidon, who sighed, looking away. "Percy, could you bring her bags up to her room, please?" he asked. Percy's eyes lingered on mine, but I couldn't tell what he was thinking. Then he did as his dad told him, grabbing my two suitcases. My backpack was slung around my own shoulder. "Careful, they're kind of heavy." But Percy just ignored my words, hauling them up the stairs. He held them like they didn't weigh that much. He went up the stairs, then disappeared around a corner. I watched the spot where I had last seen him. "I'm sorry," Poseidon apologized. "I was fine with you coming here, but Percy's having a little tougher time. With you here, he's going to have to keep a lot of things secret during the summer, and not let as many friends over, since we want to keep you hidden and all." I winced. I hadn't really realized what it would be like for the family I was moving in with. Poseidon saw this, and he rushed to say, "Oh, no. He'll get over it. Besides, I think you guys could become good friends." Percy reappeared, tromping down the stairs. He wore dirty jeans and an old t-shirt, clearly having been out and doing chores around the ranch earlier. "Thanks, Percy," Poseidon said to his son, who stuck his hands in his pockets and nodded curtly. "Can you show Annabeth to her room? I bet she's tired." Percy turned and started walking back up the stairs. "Good night, Annabeth. Rise and shine early with the sun," Poseidon told me with a grin. I returned it, saying goodnight as well before following Percy up the stairs. I found that when you turned at the top of the staircase, there was a hallway with two doors opposite of each other in the middle. There were two more doors farther down at the end. Percy was beckoning me forward, and I followed him. He gestured to one of the doors in the middle of the hallway. "This is my room, and your's is right here." He pointed at the doorway just opposite of his. Putting his hand on the knob of my doorway, he pushed it open. I walked in, my eyes meeting a fairly big room. There was a bed, the headboard against the gray wall, with blue covers. On either side of the bed on the wall were two big windows, the curtains shut at the moment. On the left side of the room was a walk-in, empty closet, a dresser with a mirror above it inside. On the other side of the room was a bathroom. It was pretty nice, and I liked the simplicity of it all. Percy was leaning in the doorway, watching me. "You look different," he said suddenly, almost as if thinking out loud. "Makeup. Lots of it. And my hat," I said. I reached my hand up and grabbed the Yankee's cap, pulling it off my head. I took out my ponytail, too, letting my blonde curls fall down around my shoulders. He watched the hair as it fell, then looked back at me. "Well, you all set?" he asked, his green eyes studying me intently. I nodded. "Yeah, thanks." "Good night." "'Night." He and I stared at each other for a second, then he grabbed my door, swinging it shut for me. When the door closed, I took a deep breath, looking around the unfamiliar place. I walked lightly over to the bathroom, peeling off the layers of makeup on my face. I really was never one for makeup—I avoided it if I could. Changing quickly, I jumped into the comfy bed. I checked my iPhone, but there were no messages or calls from my mom. I texted her quickly, letting her know I had made it. Exhaling, I snuggled under my covers. I could hear Percy moving in his room opposite of mine, and it was a little unnerving, how close his room was. I know, I was kind of spoiled, and I had never shared a room with anybody, or even had a room on the same floor as someone else at any of my homes. Malcolm was out of the house, so it was just me and my mom. I visited my dad sometimes, and his wife and two sons, but even then, I stayed a hotel when I did so. Hotels were different. I wondered how the months would pass by. Would Percy and I become friends, or would we stay distant with each other? Was he the one that would teach me how to ride horses? What were we going to do tomorrow? What were we even having for breakfast? At that last question, I sighed, knowing sleep's touch had made me drowsy. Sleep seduced me into its arms, and I fell willingly into its dark embrace, welcoming the soft touch that overtook my mind, soothing it into unconsciousness. Just so ya know, West Burge is made up, so don't like, look it up and expect results or anything. :) So, thanks for reading! I don't know how many of you came from my other story I just finished, Forbidden Percabeth, but either way, I'm glad you all clicked on this story and made it through the first chapter. :) Thanks again, guys!