said confidently "if you would've asked for my help i could've wiped the floor with 'em" he boasted my response? flip him off and storm in cabin one. (fast foreward no detail time) later that day there was a quest for barnacle beard and me. we had to go together apparently so i chose annabeth when the kid wanted to take a child of ares. eventually chiron forced him to take me. for some reason my power over pain wouldn't work on the quest. i also havn't heard from my 'patron' and i was worried he tricked me. apparently all of the big 3's weapons were stolen. so all in all i was currently sitting in a cab in the middle of winter. (there is no thalia's tree so no quest for the golden fleece.) there was apparently some powerful demigods that grover had found and needed their assistance. she was in the car with the arrogant son of poseidon, hector and annabeth that was fawning over him. personally, it disgusted her. she saw that the annabeth that she used to know was gone or was it? this annabeth seemed like she would do anything to survive and get in the spot light including pretending to be friends with someone. *perseus* i observed my young champion through the years and despite her belief i was simply waiting for the time for her powers to arise. he suspected it was now. he watched as the arrogant son of poseidon got captured by the manticore and the attempts of the rest of the quest to follow. as the hunters appeared he decided to concentrate his essence. this would be fun! he smirked and got out a scythe, twirling it maniacally. the scythe was his weapon of power and unlike being bathed in one or if it was extremely powerful two of the rivers this one was created in a place he created. the heart of the rivers. this was the place where all of the rivers connected. the scythe was instowed with lots of his magical power and possibly the most powerful weapon in creation. he stepped out of the shadow as the daughter of athena was dragged off the cliff, much to everyones grief. he stepped out of the shadows and the lieutenant of the hunt was the first to notice him. "You!" she exclaimed pointing at him shocked remembering how he had knocked her out all of those years ago. she succeeded in attracting the others attention as two other hunters dropped their bows along with the goddess artemis. "you" she rasped out much to the confusion of a raging thalia he was smirking at. "sup pinecone face" he taunted throwing a mocking smirk her way. "PINECONE FACE WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN! YOU JUST SHOW UP MAKE ME YOUR CHAMPION AND THEN DISSAPEAR! YOU DIDN'T EVEN SHOW ME THE DAMN POWERS YOU TALKED ABOUT!" she screamed. she was right in his face now as he smiled down at her. "well technically you still have those powers you just havn't unlocked them yet. i called you pinecone face because when i saved you you're dad was about to turn you in to a pine tree and i have actually been watching you every minute since i really have nothing to do" he said grinning cheekily. "w-what are you doing here boy you come to troy knock us out then beat two olympians and leave only to return over 3 millenia later and claim someone as your champion!" zoe he remembered, exclaimed. "uuhh yeah pretty much why?" he asked genuine curiosity in his voice. "you are coming with me to olympus boy !" artemis ordered "meh sure i really have nothing to do anyways. the only reason i got a champion is i need something to do, i'm thinking about fading" he said with a shrug as if fading was no big deal. "oh! i almost forgot the best part! you know about kronos but you don't even know about the best part yet! if you don't have her you guys are streight up fucked i'd just like to explain." he said grinning cheekily "alright thals or pinecone face whatever the fuck you wanna be called i think it's time to have a conversaton" he said suddenly gaining seriousness, nodding towards the woods before he could leave a hand caught his arm "wait why would you want to fade?" artemis asked, her prejudice momentarily forgotten replaced by curiosity. "imagine this moon goddess. your father is the titan of destruction and doesn't know you exist. you visited the underworld as a mortal as a toddler. you then have nothing to do so you manage to dig out a trench connecting the five rivers. they adopt you soley out of gratitude and a debt needed to be payed. now imagine trining for 3 millenia until you literally know everything under the sun and much, much more. now you wander around for another 4,050 years alone with nobody enen knowing you exist. you kill yourself several times to go to tartarus to quell the boredom however tartarus is damn boring. you do this several times until you finally get bored. you hear about the trojan war and decide to check it out. there you meet two gods with sticks up their asses that attempt to kill you until you defeat them and leave. you then hapen to jump in to tartarus until you basically live there. you decide to save a girl from more damn gods with sticks up their asses and make this girl who has a destiny to kill primordials your champion. you then observer her through everyone of her quests until you meet the same damn goddess with a stick up their ass! this is my damn life!" he started out in a whisper but it slowly grew in volume until he was screaming. he turned away from the whimpering goddess. "come thalia… we have much to discuss."