softly, and she says, "I have eight. I did all of the designs for them except for the first three. Piper tatted most of them for me." "Can I...?" Percy trails off, unsure where he was going with that question because he doesn't want to pressure her into anything. She just grins, and god help him because she's lifting her arms and pulling her shirt over her head which just leaves her in a lacy gray bra and— Percy gulps. Hard. She turns to the side slightly, and his eyes zero in on a beautiful owl stretching up her rib cage. There's another one on her lower back, right above her jeans—a moon with a quote around it that Percy is way too distracted to read right now—and then there's an elaborate circle thing on her right shoulder blade. And because her jeans are so low on her hips, Percy can see just a bit of the black line that must be the heart on her hip. Her voice jerks him out of his distraction. She holds her arm up and says, "This one on my wrist, and then this one on my bicep." "They're… incredible," Percy murmurs, fisting his hands so he won't reach out and run his fingers across the ink staining her skin. She grins and gestures to her other side that's blank. "I think I want a flower on this side." And that makes Percy blush because she's told him before that she doesn't know anything about flowers so it must be because of him. He can't stop himself when he traces his fingers down her side, and Annabeth hums slightly, stepping toward him. His voice is ruined when he says, "What about the other two?" "One on my ankle. It's one of my favorite quotes. The last one that I have is on the back of my neck," she explains. Before Percy can say anything, she's reaching up and pulling her blonde hair out of her ponytail and to the side, holding it up and turning her head so he can see the small, gray design on her skin. "They're so pretty," he murmurs, voice low and rough. Annabeth sighs and her breath flutters across his collarbone. She's so close that Percy just wants to reach out and grab her before he pulls her against him and crushes her lips to his. Before he can stop himself, he reaches out and slips an arm around her waist, dragging her closer until their skin is pressed together. Percy wants to groan right then, but the look in her eyes silences him. She reaches up slowly with one of her hands, letting her fingers trace his jaw line before ghosting over his lips. Her voice is rough when she says, "Percy." "Yeah?" he whispers. "I like you a lot," she says just as quietly. "You do?" She leans closer and nudges his nose with her own. Percy brings his other hand up to her face and buries it in her curls. She hums and nods, making their faces brush even more and whispers, "Of course I do, Percy." "Me too," he breathes. "Um, like you. I like you a lot too." Annabeth laughs softly, stepping forward until her body was completely pressed against his. She says, "Kiss me." Percy grins softly, leaning down to press his lips to hers, and it's everything he ever expected. Ω The bell clatters against the door when Percy pushes inside the tattoo parlor. It makes Piper look up, and she's in the middle of calling out her usual welcome mantra when she notices it's Percy. "Hey, Lover Boy," she smirks. "Nice flowers." He grins back, used to her banter now, "Thanks. Annabeth here?" Piper nods to the back of the shop. "She's at her desk." He thanks her, sending her another smile before threading his way through the shop and making the familiar path to Annabeth's desk. Sure enough, she's sitting on top of the flat surface, bending down to write something on a piece of paper. Her blonde curls are pulled back into a messy bun, and she's wearing a pair of jeans and a light blue sweater, which contrasts just a bit with her black combat boots, but it's nothing less than perfect. Annabeth is so absorbed in her work that she doesn't notice he's there until he sets the bouquet down on her desk and leans forward to press a kiss to her cheek. She reaches out toward the flowers immediately, " Ooh, these are pretty. What are they?" "Daffodil bulbs," Percy answers distractedly, turning her head so he can press a kiss to her mouth. When he pulls back he says, "Hi." She grins at him and shifts to the edge of the desk, moving her legs so Percy can stand in the middle of them. He pulls one up to cradle his hips just as she leans forward to kiss him again. Her other leg wraps around his waist, pulling him closer and closer to her, and Percy smiles against her lips and reaches behind her to— "Hey! Stop frisking each other in plain sight, you idiots!" Someone calls behind them, interrupting their kiss. "I'm trying to tattoo people!" Annabeth breaks away from him, laughing as Percy turns his head to see Piper standing behind them with an exasperated expression and her hands on her hips. Percy laughs too, pressing another kiss to Annabeth's lips before untangling himself from her and stepping to the side. She brushes a hand through his hair, and her smile is brilliant when she says, "Thank you, Percy." And it kind of sounds like she's saying thank you for a million things with those three words, and though Percy never thought that he would be here, standing in a tattoo parlor with a tattoo on his back kissing the most beautiful woman in the world, he can't think of anything that could be better. A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review!