clutching Rachel's arm. She jerks her head down to stare at the floor. When he sniffs the air again, he realizes that her scent is too similar to Frederick's for them not to be blood related. That's when he realizes that she's his daughter. The woman is Frederick's daughter, and he still let Dare abuse her? He let Dare say those nasty and derogatory things to her? Percy's voice is rough when he says, "Why was he mad at you?" She doesn't look up at him when he speaks. In fact, she doesn't even move. Percy wonders if she's been told not to speak to the Alpha before. Frederick breaks in and says, "Answer him, Annabeth." Annabeth, Percy thinks. That's her name. It's fitting for her. Percy studies her intently while she looks down at the floor and then, finally, she murmurs, "I was reading." He blanches, "Reading?" He regrets raising his voice even the slightest amount because Annabeth flinches. He forces himself to calm down, but disbelief and blatant hate seep into his voice when he says, "He punished you for reading?" Jason interrupts when he mutters, "We should do a takeover. These wolves don't even know how to breathe without being punished." "Our Alpha was strict, but he was not cruel," Frederick breaks in, as if he's not lying through his clenched teeth. Percy growls lightly, "He just insulted and hit your daughter in your presence, Frederick. My elders remember when you were supposed to be the Alpha. Maybe things would have been different if that had happened." He seems to collapse in on himself, the truth settling on his shoulders like a dead weight. He looks over to Annabeth, and Percy watches the miserable expression on his face settle there, like it's been under the surface this whole time. "What are you doing here?" Dare's daughter, Rachel, asks suddenly. "Why are you here if you're another Alpha?" "We're from the pack west of you. We were originally planning on forming a bond with one of your wolves to keep the alliance in place," Percy pauses, realizing that now, he doesn't have that. Dare ran, and it took away all chances of an alliance. "Seeing as you have no Alpha, then that's impossible." A heavy pause fill the room, right before Frederick breaks it and says, "We have an Alpha. Me." Percy narrows his eyes. "As Beta, I can step in to fill my Alpha's absence," he explains unnecessarily. Percy knows the rules, but as he explains it, Percy can see the idea taking root in Frederick's mind. He wants this. "The pack is my responsibility now that Dare is gone." Percy studies him for a few seconds. He seems serious. The light in his eyes is slowly coming back, and his shoulders straighten, as if the idea of protecting his pack is bringing him back to life. "Fine," Percy says. "I'll support your takeover of this pack. I'll pledge that it's a good move for the members of this pack." Surprise fills the room from everyone in it. All eyes are on him as he speaks. He pauses. Then, "But I have one condition." Frederick takes the bait, not even hesitating when he says, "Name it." Percy turns his gaze back to Annabeth, who stands beside Rachel, gray eyes up and watching him curiously. He nods to her before looking back to Frederick. He says, "She's coming back with me." Ω The door closes behind the others, leaving only Percy and Frederick in the room. Jason went outside with the others, and Rachel and Annabeth were sent back to the Alpha house. Frederick doesn't waste time. He turns to Percy and says, "Why?" Percy frowns. "Did you see the way that Dare was looking at her? When he comes back, he's going to try and kill me, and he will probably take her away and claim her." He can't stand the thought of it. He can't stand the thought of leaving her, his mate, here with this broken pack, open and defenseless against Dare. What if he comes back? What if he comes back and hurts her? What if—? Percy doesn't even know Annabeth, but he knows that she's been mistreated and that she deserves better. Her Alpha hit her for reading. There's no telling what other punishments she's had to deal with while her own father sat to the side and didn't do anything to stop it. She deserves better than this. She deserves everything , and Percy just wants to give that to her. "And you have no intent of claiming her for yourself?" Frederick asks, eyes narrowing. Percy clenches his jaw against his suggestion, as if Annabeth is just something to be claimed. He doesn't even know her, and he knows that she's the most important thing in the world to him now. His voice is rough when he says, "And if I did? After all, I came here for a bonding with the Alpha's daughter." "She's not being bonded to you." "Yet." Frederick hesitates, but he relents with a sigh. "Yet." "We're not having the ceremony yet, but she is coming back with me to become part of my pack. I'm not leaving her here for Dare to just come back and get," Percy explains fiercely. His wolf is relentless. Neither of them can stand the thought of Annabeth being hurt by anyone. And earlier when Dare was close to her and touching her and talking to her, Percy couldn't see straight. It was like something was touching him. It was disrespect. It was unacceptable. No one touches her— Percy is surprised by his wolf's ferocity on the subject, but he agrees with the beast. "And when she doesn't want to? What will you do then?" Frederick challenges. It isn't worth much. Percy can already see the defeat in his eyes. "Somehow, I don't feel like there's a reason for her to stay here either." A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review! -SomethingMoreCreative