find one?" Frank nodded, "We brought it just in case. It's behind Leo's drums." The last band was already finishing, tumbling off of side stage and back out to the front to head toward the bar. Annabeth stepped closer to Percy to avoid them. His hand rested on her back for a split second before he was pulling away. Annabeth was too caught up in watching him move toward his guitar to realize that the stage manager was back, asking if they needed anything before they started. "Just take her to side stage, please," Percy said with a grin in her direction. Annabeth snapped her gaze to the stage manager, moving a few steps closer to the stage, but still behind the curtain so no one out front could see her. Then, before she could even move, Percy and the other boys were moving into full view on the stage. Percy was tuning his guitar quickly, Leo was banging on the drums, and Nico was strumming a bass. Frank was at a keyboard, speaking into the microphone in front of him. The music started all at once. The crowd roared. Annabeth was left stunned by it all. She couldn't help it. She stared at Percy. He was just so fucking graceful on stage. She had no idea that he was like this. He must have felt her staring because he glanced over at her and grinned, then, still staring at her, he ducked forward and sang into the microphone with Frank. Honestly, Annabeth was lucky that her knees didn't give out. Ω When the set was finally over and another band was taking their place, Annabeth was grateful. She didn't know how much longer she could stand there and watch him like that. He packed his guitar up carefully, chatted with the guys for a few seconds before he was back at her side, grinning at her and holding out a hand. His voice was husky from singing when he said, "Wanna dance?" Annabeth nodded and let him pull her off of the stage and to the back of the crowd. This band's music was slower, so Percy pulled her close and grasped her hips in his hands. "This okay?" he asked. She blinked up at him before nodding. On a whim, Annabeth wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled herself even closer. She lost track of how many songs they danced too. She couldn't keep up. But after a long time of being pressed to Percy's chest, his hands working into her hips, he leaned closer to her ear and whispered, "Let's get out of here." Annabeth nodded and followed him out of the bar. She noticed Percy waving to the guys, who were sitting in a corner booth, so she did her best to smile in their direction. Once they were outside, the cold air was a welcoming difference from the heat inside the stuffy bar. They sauntered down the street, and by the time they got to the Jeep, Annabeth had made up her mind. She grabbed his shoulder and pressed him up against the side of the Jeep. Then, she stepped in close, wrapping her arms around his waist. Percy spoke before she could. She could hear the smile in his voice when he said, "I meant to tell you earlier that you look amazing." "You do too," she grinned and fingered the top button on his shirt. Percy's hands settled on her hips again, pulling her a bit closer. He sounded more serious when he said, "What are we doing, Annabeth?" She hummed, "I'm trying to find out." He laughed a bit, but he sounded a little nervous. "Can I kiss you?" she asked. She watched his expression shift from amused to nervous all at once. His fingers tapped against her hips when he said, "Are you sure?" "I wouldn't have asked if I wasn't," she said, fighting the urge to roll her eyes. He pretended to consider it for a second before he nodded. Annabeth didn't waste any time. She pushed up onto her toes and pressed her lips to his. She pulled back after a few seconds and breathed, "Surely you can do better than that." Percy laughed and grasped her hips tighter. He spun them around so she was pressed up against the Jeep, and then he leaned forward, pressing his lips to her neck, her jaw, her cheeks, the corner of her mouth. She was trembling by the time he really kissed her. When he pulled back, he was breathless too. He said, "How was that?" "A lot better," she said, gripping the back of his neck and reeling him back in to her lips. Ω When they finally got to Annabeth's house, Percy opened her door and held her hand all the way to the front door. She kissed him another time, pulling him closer, closer, closer. "Happy Valentine's Day," Percy breathed, lips ghosting over her cheek. She hummed, "Thank you." He pulled back until he was only holding her hand. "See you tomorrow?" "Sure," she said. He pressed another kiss to her forehead before walking back down the sidewalk, hands tucked into his pockets. Annabeth opened the door and started inside when Percy called her name. He was standing at his Jeep's door, grinning at her. "Don't forget all that math tutoring you owe me," he called, laughter staining his voice. She rolled her eyes, but a grin was covering her face, making her cheeks ache from it. She said, "Wouldn't dream of it, Percy." He laughed, and Annabeth stepped inside and closed the door, listening as he parked his car on the opposite side of the street at his own house. On her way to her room, she passed the kitchen and grabbed the vase with Percy's rose in it. She took it with her upstairs and set it on her nightstand. She kept it for weeks after Valentine's Day. A/N: Thanks for reading! Leave a review!