did? I smiled. "You made him not call her." She hummed. That I did. I have done this many times very subtly so your life could be as easy as it possibly could. However, my children always has been ones to get caught up in the wrong type of trouble. So that's why you still got expelled half the time. I love you very much, my son. And I'm sorry that I could not be with you, but I simply could not. But you must remember that although I may not always be with you, I will always watch over you and do anything to help you. I suddenly shook in my seat as the plane began to move. I will talk to you after the flight, my child. I must try to disguise you as a normal mortal so Zeus does not murder you like he has the rest of your family. Her presence then disappeared, making me feel slightly lonely. Not only that, but the last comment she had made was very troubling. Was it really Zeus's fault that my family had so much bad luck with flying? It would make sense. Seeing as he was the god of the sky and all, he probably would know if someone he didn't like was flying in his domain. I decided that if I was going to fly I didn't want to be freaking out the entire time. So after the very unenjoyable takeoff, I closed my eyes and intended to go to sleep. After a few minutes I finally felt myself begin drift in and out of consciousness. Right when I fell asleep, I began to feel wind blow all around me. I opened my eyes to see that I was no longer on a plane, but instead dressed in black priest robes with a hood on my head. I looked around to see that I was apart of a circle of other priests, encircling a large glass jar full of blood. Inside the blood I saw what looked like a giant ball of human flesh of some sort floating in the liquid. We appeared to be on the top of a rather large mountain, where the wind was erratic. All of the sudden, all the priests began to hum loudly and sway back and forth. I watched in absolute shock as the jar began to shake and the blood inside seemed to boil as the blood began to bubble. The clouds in the sky began to circle in the sky as the wind began to pick up tremendously. If this made the priests want to stop what they were doing, they did a job not showing it as they only began to hum louder. Suddenly, the weather became irregular, as it began to snow, rain and hail all at once. The wind was beginning to swirl as a mini tornado seemed to form above our heads. Then, from the blackened clouds a single ray of light broke through. All the priests stopped humming immediately as they all raised their hands in praise of this ray of light. From the light came a person, one with long flowing white hair, and dressed in a white robe. He was smiling as he descended towards the Earth, until his eyes landed on mine. He frowned suddenly, as I was suddenly blown from where I sat. Off the mountain I went, as the man watched me fall to my death. Or so I thought, for as soon as I was meant to hit the ground, I jolted up in my seat on the airplane. I looked around to see that I was still with the mother and her baby. I felt a relieved sigh leave my lungs. "What did I just see?" As soon as I asked myself that, a ding was heard. "Attention passengers, we are landing now. There's a bit of thunder and lightning in the distance, but we should be okay. Make sure to put your seatbelts on and-" Before he could finish his phrase, a large crash of lightning was heard. It was very close, so my ears began to ring as I tried to see everything that was going on. The lightning turned out to be much closer than I had originally intended, for the front half of the plane was blown off. Everyone began to scream as we saw that we were falling towards the ground at rapid speeds. The back half of the plane was spinning in the air, as many people began to fly out of their seats and out the plane. I held onto my seat belt on my seat and screamed, "Help me! Help me please, mother!" I felt her presence enter my mind. Dammit! Okay, I have an idea, but it may hurt a bit. I was now able to see the individual people running from the area that would soon be the crash site of the plane. "I think this'll hurt a lot more than whatever you're about to do." My mother simply hummed in agreement as she began to whisper things very silently but very fast as well, so whatever she was saying I couldn't pick up. When she began a purple aura seemed to radiate from my hands and arms as it began to spread throughout my body. She began to get louder and faster as the ground got closer and closer, until it finally collided with the plane. Then, I saw nothing but black. Okay this was a lot more fun to write than I originally thought so I'll make a deal with you guys. I'll make a poll asking whether you guys want me to pursue Throne of Want or this story more. Of course Champion of Wisdom will be my main story as of right now, but I'm okay with a little side project along the way as well. So make sure to vote, and I'll see you guys later. This is Soap signing off.