huge, gaping hole with blue liquid dripping out of it. Chiron trotted closer, carefully touching the substance with one finger and sniffing it gingerly before, with a darkened face, he made a grim announcement, "It's poison." "Is he... is the tree dead?" Grover asked, looking at the body that appeared to be merged with the base of the tree, the form of a boy who gave everything for his friends. "No," Chiron said, wiping the poison from his hands on a handkerchief, "but dying." Mr. D stepped closer as well, putting a hand through the barrier, only for it to immediately break right through, causing the god of wine to heave a sigh, turning back around. With a face of scrutiny, he added, "A condition we are about to become all too familiar with." "Everybody, listen up. We are going to need a guard detail to patrol the perimeter!" Mr. D shouted, causing more whispers to ensue. Slowly, Luke knelt down by the base of Thaddeus's tree, where the boy's hand was outstretched after having been turned into a series of roots and underbrush, carefully placing his own hand over it almost as though he were trying to comfort the fallen boy, feeling his eyes begin to mist over. He talked in an almost feeble voice. "It feels like he's dying all over again," He whispered softly and regretfully since all he could do again was watch it happen. The rest of the campers heard him however and their hearts grew in pain: each recalling the story; and for some, the day two grieving campers and a young satyr came limping into camp explaining the loss of the only Son of Zeus. "Who would do this?" Luke then asked: but could not be given any immediate answer as it seemed to have been the exact same question that was on everyone's minds at the moment. "Annabeth poisoned the tree!" Percy's voice broke through the gathered crowd as the daughter of Poseidon limped her way towards Grover and Luke after her 'chat' with a certain daughter of Athena — having put the pieces together himself. The camp came to the quick realization that what Annabeth sought was their own annihilation. As to why the girl would go so far as to actually poison her friend was something not even those who had known her well could figure out, namely Luke. A quest was given later: a quest to retrieve the Golden Fleece of from legends. Luke was able to figure out that it was the only way of saving Thaddeus's tree and by extension, the camp. Mr. D still took credit for it and even caused more trouble by choosing to send Clarisse; an unpopular decision with Percy and the gang. Of course, that didn't stop them from sneaking out and following after even managing to get into yet another confrontation with Annabeth. Something that Percy really could have done without right then. "I believe you should do the honors," Chiron said giving a gentle smile as he handed the Fleece to Clarisse who glanced at Percy and Luke as she walked by and towards Thaddeus's tree carefully kneeling beside it. "Here you go Thaddeus." Luke and Percy watched with anxious eyes as the Fleece glowed: pouring its mystical energy into the tree. They saw as it slowly started to flourish again: the withered pine leaves beginning to float back up, staying on the branches and looking refreshed as they did so. A familiar blue glow emanated from the before spreading out and, once again, encircling the camp. They had done it: Thaddeus's tree had been saved. Then it came: a sharp gasp surged through the crowd causing Percy to blink in confusion, pulling away from the hug that she and Luke had been in, turning and following everyone else's eyes towards the base of the tree feeling her own eyes gradually widen. There, lying at the base of the tree's slowly receding roots and a thinning layer of underbrush, was a boy. His features Grecian-like while his eyes were closed: a messy, but unmistakably punkish sort of look about him as a well-toned body was visible even through the leather jacket. It was unreal. But at the same time, why was no one doing anything? Percy wondered realizing no one had moved to help him or even to check and see if he was alive somehow. Quickly, Percy raced over getting down on her knees and gently placing her hand over the boy's to pull him up when his eyes shot open, electric blue meeting sea-green as his breath hitched: scanning his surroundings. Percy took a moment, his beautiful eyes distracting her before she shook her head to clear her mind and she called out to Grover and Luke to help her, "Come on, come on, help him!' They each run over and grab an arm after pulling the remaining layers of wood and underbrush from atop him. "Who are you?" He asked softly, looking around blearily with squinted eyes as he was lifted from the ground and onto his feet: staggering a little and having to lean on her for support momentarily. "My name's Percy, everything's okay: You're okay," The daughter of Poseidon assured in just as soft a tone as the boy's, not seeming to notice the look of recognition that crossed Luke's face as the son of Hermes tightened his hold on the other boy. "I had the strangest dream..." The boy mumbled not seeming to pay attention to who might've heard him "Oh yeah?" Percy responded looking him over for injuries. "Like I was dying," He finished calmly, earning a strange look from Percy. 'Who was this guy?' She wondered, feeling like she should know somehow. "Can you tell me your name?" Percy asked curiously, and before anything left his lips, it finally clicked. For the second time that day her eyes widened, staring in disbelief. "My name is Thaddeus, I'm the son of Zeus." Review.