her turning a new leaf. "Girls eyes elsewhere." Naruto and Ayame said. The girls blushed even more in embarrassment at staring and stopped staring. Naruto snapped his fingers and the wolves went over to Piper, but this time, the lead wolf was bigger and was a female. The red wolf was still there but the female red wolf was leading the pack. "Okay, here is the next book." Naruto said, raising the book. It shows two people walking on the bridge which is over the ocean. "It's called the Sea of Monsters." Annabeth, Percy, Clarisse, and Grover look at each other at that. Look like the book is going to show their adventure. "Wait!" Connor suddenly said, startling everyone. "Before we read, I have to ask this. Something important…" Connor turn to Percy, with a serious that kinda freaked everyone out since this is a son of Hermes they are talking about. "...did you live in a mansion while you were training?" Nearly everyone face faulted at the question. Katie was the first to get up and she promptly slap the younger Stoll upside the head. "You idiot! You called that an important question?!" Percy chuckle a little bit, but he decided to answer this question. He knows that some of the others won't stop hounding him if he doesn't answer. "Yeah, I did. It was a really comfortable place to be at after a full afternoon of training." That just shocked everyone except Artemis, Hestia, Rhea and the Hunters. He was living IN A FREAKING MANSION. "Why? what is in the Mansion?" asked Clarisse, hearing the part about being real comfortable place to be after an afternoon of training. "Well the Mansion had everything I needed. Like a forge, for where you can build or rebuild your weapons and armor which is Tenten's workshop. It is where she builds and repair armor and weapons so I learned from her. Speaking of which, your spear was fixed." as Percy said that Naruto went up to her with her repaired spear and gave it to her saying "It took Percy a while learn to repair weapons." Clarisse was shocked see her spear in one piece again, with all its powers still working. She sent a small smile at Percy, Glad that he fixed it. "There is also so many training grounds for every terrain, a HUGE library which I think is bigger than Athena's and that is Samui's favorite place, an indoor Onsen, indoor Pool, archery range, a simulator, a game room, a bar, sports area for every sport, a medical room, a music room, the garden which is beautiful as well, A computer room, sensei's wives private training grounds and last but not least is sensei's private training grounds where he trains in his Demonic powers. That is where I fought him and his cloak had the spine, legs, arms and head of his wolf form." Percy explained to them. With every room he said their jaws were lowered to the ground until their jaws were through the ground. They were shocked to hear how Naruto and his family lived. The only ones who weren't shocked was Artemis, Hestia, the hunters and Rhea. "What was his wives and army like?" asked Poseidon wondering how they treated his son. "Oh his wives I did not meet them all only the ones who were not coming to listen to the story. They were very welcoming, hell, at first they thought he adopted me." said Percy shocking some of them. "What do you mean adopted?" Hera asked, curious. "Well sensei has adopted many children to give them a good home, a loving family and to get them off the streets." Percy explained with Ayame, Fuu, Yugito, Artemis, Hestia, the hunters, and Rhea nodded agreeing with what percy said. That shocks a lot of them hearing that Naruto has adopted many kids. "Please continue Percy." said his father. "Well they were very welcoming and they made me feel welcomed in Naruto's home the same as the soldiers. All of them treated me like family. When I needed advice I either went to sensei or his wives or the soldiers and they were willing to help me with anything that I needed." Percy said with a smile remembering when he needed help with something and they helped without hesitation. "I may not have met Tayuya but I heard her sing and she has a beautiful singing voice. It just relaxes you when you hear her sing." "Okay, that's enough now." Naruto said, stopping anyone else from asking another question. "We need to get on with the story. Percy, how about you read?" Percy groan a little, but nodded. He wanted to stall for as long as he can, but he did. He wonder if Nyx talked to the Fates about the extra torture on him. He hope so. So, with apprehension, he opens to the first page. But before he could read the chapter, a bright light form in the middle of the chamber. Spirit: And that's the end. I hope everyone like the beginning of this series. Also, I want to remind you to give us your opinion of Percy feeling what is read in the book. I hope you vote. Also, more people is going to appear on the Sea of Monsters. Some from the Naruto universe. Others from the Percy Jackson or Greek Mythology universe. Phoenix: Percy has finally returned and he is looking better and has a new Weapon but don't worry he will still us riptide. Plus Spirit and I will work hard on this together. Right Spirit? Spirit: Yep. Please, please, PLEASE, review, favorite, and follow (I like reading people's opinion on my story. I like reading what people think of certain aspects as well as some of the constructive criticism that helps my story. Although a few of those were insults, so people that are thinking up insults, keep it to yourself.). And I will see you later.