Percy's thick 7 inches. Percy then moved forward and wrapped his arms around Nico's thighs, and rested his penis right between Nico's buttcheeks. The contact caused Nico to let out a very loud whimper and tense up a bit in lust. The head of Percy's penis was resting on Nico's ballsack, which was considerably smaller than Percy's. "You like this don't you fucking faggot? Nico responded by moaning. "Don't just moan, answer me. Say 'Yes sir, I like how your cock feels against my ass.'" Nico, still shy, said it in a quiet voice barely above a whisper. "Yes sir, I li-" "Louder.", Percy interrupted. "Y-yes sir, I like how your cock feels against my ass." "Mmmmm. Good boy." Percy began to grind against Nico's ass, moving his erection up and down between his cheeks. Meanwhile he put his face to Nico's inner legs and started kissing them sensually. He worked his way down, licking and kissing and sucking until he was at Nico's thighs, and then his crotch. He licked Nico's scrotum, eventually taking one of the smooth little orbs inside his mouth. While he was doing this he put his hands on Nico's ass and rubbed it. Nico was moaning and purring all throughout, until Percy moved his thumb to the area between his cheeks and made contact with his little pink hole, and Nico let out a sharp cry of pleasure. Percy moved his tongue down to Nico's taint while he pressed in with his thumb, not quite penetrating Nico but still putting enough pressure on him for it to be pleasurable. Percy then removed his thumb. He was enjoying the foreplay, but getting restless. He moved his head further down until he was licking around Nico's entrance and Nico was whimpering in pleasure and anticipation. He suddenly shoved his tongue in, tasting his soft, clean ass and making Nico let out a loud and deep moan. He moved tongue around swiftly in circles, thrusting in and out and all around. Nico had never felt pleasure like this before, he squirmed around in his bondage and instinctively clinched his cheeks only to have Percy's tongue dart into them. Percy was tired of playing around. He took his index finger and middle finger and raised them to Nico's entrance and shoved them in without warning. Nico let out of cry that was half pleasure and half pain from having his virgin hole penetrated. Percy was experienced and found Nico's prostate right away and put pressure on it, overwhelming Nico with pleasure. He swirled his fingers around and worked Nico's ass, crisscrossing them and spreading Nico's rectum open and taking them out and then penetrating Nico again and again. But this was just preparation, and Percy was too horny to hold himself back any longer. He briefly shoved his tongue into Nico's ass once more to get it wet and well lubricated and then sat up and put the tip of his cock on Nico's tight hole. He pushed it forward just a few centimeters and Nico whelped. Before he continued he took one last look at Nico, tied up with his legs spread apart in the air and his penis leaking a pool of precum onto his belly. Then he pulled back his foreskin and shoved the head of his dick inside Nico. The sound of Nico's shriek was drowned out by Percy's own moan and the pleasure finally spreading through his body. There was a hint of pain in Nico's voice, but Percy was insatiable and couldn't hold back, he shoved his thick 7 inch cock all the way into Nico's exposed virgin hole until his balls hist Nico's back. He could feel Nico's asshole repeatably clench from having such a large length enter it, but that just increased Percy's pleasure. Although Nico was feeling a significant amount of pain from having his virginity teared away from him, the pleasure he felt quickly overwhelmed it and Nico screamed in ecstasy. Percy was oblivious, and at this point only cared about the pleasure emanating from his dick as he repeatedly thrusted into the helpless boy who was unable to move or resist. He pounded in again and again, his balls slapping Nico's back and the head of his penis gliding over Nico's prostate, which made the boy let out a loud and deep whimper every time Percy thrusted. It was a good thing nobody else was in the house, because both boy's screams and moans could be heard in all rooms. Every time Percy hit Nico's prostate, both boys came closer to orgasm. But with Percy being the more experienced one he managed to last slightly longer. Nico had never orgasmed from the prostate before, and it was like no other orgasm he'd ever had. Pleasure erupted everywhere in his body as the head of Percy's dick slammed into him and triggered Nico's explosion of cum. He could feel the sticky fluid traveling from his balls through his shaft and finally into the air in spurts of thick strands that landed all over face and chest. He had his mouth open and screaming as he covered himself in his own cum, quite a bit of it landing inside his mouth. His mind went blank and all thoughts other than pleasure went away. Seeing this happen combined with Nico's clenching asshole massaging Percy's dick made his own orgasm come immediately after, as he thrusted violently into the small boy's ass as far he could and shot out what felt like gallons cum in the depth of his bowels. He collapsed onto Nico's legs, and the two boys remained a sticky mess whose only thoughts were of pleasure for several seconds. They laid together like that for a few minutes, letting their breathing calm down and the last drops of cum leave their dicks. Finally Percy made eye contact with Nico, his softening dick still inside Nico's ass in a mess of thick white fluid. "...Whose turn was it again?"