last piece of news. "Sharing the slot? How is that going to work exactly?" she asked, crossing her arm across her waist. "It's up to the both of you to coordinate, although our suggestion is allowing for your group to go last and this other band to go first... However, our records show that your group does not have a drum kit while they do, which could be problematic in moving it off the stage before you go on. However, we do know that your... connections, shall we say, will allow for you to be a crowd favorite..." the man continued, and Piper had to hold back an exasperated sigh. "Just organize it how you see fit. One more thing, though, who is this other band we're going to be playing with?" she asked, curious. "They're called the Demigods, they're pretty popular around here in New York... Look 'em up!" the guy on the phone said, before hanging up. Piper clicked her phone back into sleep mode and shoved it into her pocket before turning back to her bandmates, who had all seemingly heard and understood the conversation fairly well. "So we're sharing the spot then?" Frank Zhang, the bassist, asked somewhat nervously. His girlfriend Hazel Levesque frowned slightly but began playing a soft melody on her keyboard in order to ease the tension rolling off of their guitarist, Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano, who gripped her instrument tightly before tossing her dark braid over he shoulder in a huff. "Why didn't we get the spot all to ourselves? Are we not good enough? Who do these jerkoffs think they are?" she began muttering, while Piper simply shrugged. Truth be told, she was somewhat glad that her band was going through hardship and not getting everything easily and handed to them on a silver platter. They could, if they really wanted to; her father was famous actor Tristan McLean, and he could simply call in a favor any day to an acquaintance of his and Piper's band would shoot to superstardom quicker than a flash. Piper believed in working for her success, however, so she adamantly refused every time her father offered to help her out, and mostly the press forgot that she existed due to her influence over him. She and her friends all attended the same boarding school growing up, and had all formed a band together as a result of Piper's desire to make something of herself that wasn't under her father's limelight. They called themselves the Half-Bloods as each member wasn't fully one ethnicity. Originally from Canada, Frank Zhang had joined her little endeavor along with Hazel Levesque, later his girlfriend, who hailed all the way from New Orleans. Reyna was Puerto Rican and a year older than them, but she joined up out of the strong feelings she had of being better at something than her older sister, who was supposedly quite well off and considered some sort of social royalty among the women powerhouses of New York City. They were joined by Hazel's half brother Nico di Angelo after some persuasion; he took up the title of synthesist, using all sorts of technological equipment to create various cool sounds and beats which substituted their need for a drummer. Once they had all finished school, they had applied to NYU and had been accepted, which is where they all attended school as of now. Piper's dad spared no expense when it came to moving their band life to New York; Hazel and Nico's father was also quite wealthy, and he chipped in by paying for most of their living arrangements. Nico and Frank shared a small apartment together while Piper, Hazel, and Reyna lived in the same complex in another one. Piper's father bought them a rehearsal area and studio that used to be a small garage of sorts and had it converted with all the latest equipment, which served as their general base of operations almost every day. Piper gripped the microphone stand in front of her before coughing a bit to get the other band members' attention. She wasn't going to let another band show her up that night, they had worked hard to get that slot and despite whatever issues they'd face she planned to come out on top that night. "I don't know who these people are, and frankly it doesn't matter. We're still going to put on a kickass show and be the talk of the night, but we gotta practice if that's what we want to happen. Let's try that new one we were working on, see what comes of it..." she finished with a nod, and Nico pressed a button on his main synth before the rest jumped in and Piper began to sing. Okay guys, I'm back! I needed to start with something fresh in order to get back into the swing of writing after falling into a sort of break that honestly I don't know where it came from... Perhaps I was just too tired to even care about anything and thus I lapsed into a writer's block? This story is going to be fun, though, and hopefully turn out to be one of the better college/band PJO universe AU's :) Here's to hoping, I guess? Accompanying this song will be an 8tracks account with varying songs for you guys to listen to that I have in mind for each band... Pairings are also set already, and I hope you'll all be pleased with the way that it turns out. The instruments were chosen for pretty obvious reasons, though if you'd like more explanation please leave me a comment and I'll expand on it all. If there is anything at all that you want more details on, I'll probably get to it eventually but I like knowing via comments too! I'll reveal everybody's major or what they plan on studying and backstories as the story progresses... I think so far we only have Percy and Annabeth's explicitly stated.