another thing, he didn't have any idea how to "name three sedimentary strata you observe" or "describe to examples of erosion." Leo was no help. He was too busy building a helicopter out of pipe cleaners. "Check it out." He launched the copter. Percy figured it would plummet, but the pipe-cleaner actually spun. The little copter made it halfway across the canyon before it lost momentum and spiralled into the void. "How do you do that?" Percy asked. Leo shrugged again. "Would've been cooler if I had some rubber bands." "Seriously," Percy said, "are we friends." "Last I checked." "You sure? What was the day we met? What did we talk about?" "It was..." Leo frowned. "I don't recall exactly. I'm ADHD, man. You can't expect me to remember details." "But I don't remember you at all. I don't remember anyone here. What if—" "You're right and everyone else is wrong?" Leo asked. "You think you just appeared here this morning, and we've all got fake memories of you?" A little voice in his head said, That's exactly what I think. But it sounded crazy. Everybody here took him for granted. Everyone acted like he was a normal part of the class—except Coach Hedge. "Take the worksheet." Percy handed Leo the worksheet. "I'll be right back." Before Leo could protest, Percy slowly, but surely headed across the skywalk. Their school group had the place to themselves. Maybe it was too early in the day for tourists, or maybe the weird weather had scared them off. The Wilderness School kids had spread out in pairs across the skywalk. Most were joking around or talking. Some of the guys we're dropping pennies over the side. About fifty feet away, Piper was trying to fill out her worksheet, but her stupid partner Dylan was hitting on her, putting his hand on her shoulder and giving her that blinding smile. She kept pushing him away, and when she saw Percy she gave him a look like, Throttle this guy for me. Percy motioned for her to hang on. He walked up to Coach Hedge, who was leaning on his baseball bat, studying the storm clouds. "Did you do this?" Percy blinked, trying to comprehend fully whether or not the coach had really asked him if he started a storm. "I'm sorry, what?" Coach Hedge glared at him, his beady eyes glinting under the brim of his cap. "Did you start the storm? And don't play games with me, kid. What are you doing here, and why are you messing up my job?" "You mean... you don't know me?" Percy said. "I'm not one of your students?" Hedge snorted. "Never seen you before today in my life." Percy was so relieved, he almost wanted to cry. At least he wasn't going insane. He was in the wrong place. "Look, sir, I don't know how I got here. I just woke up on the school bus. All I know is that I'm not supposed to be here." "Got that right." Hedge's gruff voice dropped to a murmur, like he was sharing a secret. "You got a powerful way with the Mist, kid, if you can make all these people think they know you; but you can't fool me. I've been smelling monster for days now. I knew we had an infiltrator, but you don't smell like a monster. You smell like a half-blood. So—who are you, and where did you come from?" Most of what the coach said didn't make sense, but Percy decided to answer truthfully. "I don't know who I am. I don't have any memories. You've got to help me." Coach Hedge studied his face like he was trying to read Percy's thoughts. "Great," he muttered. "You're being truthful." "Of course I am! And what was all that about monsters and half-bloods? Are those code words or something?" Hedge narrowed his eyes, and part of Percy wondered if the guy was crazy. But the other part knew better. "Look, kid," Hedge said, "I don't know who you are. I just know what you are, and it means trouble. Now I got to protect three of you, rather than two. Are you the special package? Is that it?" "What are you talking about?" Hedge looked at the storm. The clouds we're getting thicker, and darker, hovering over the skywalk. "This morning," Hedge said, "I got a message from camp. They said an extraction team is on the way. They're coming to pick up a special package, but they wouldn't give me details. I thought to myself, Fine. The two I'm watching are pretty powerful, older than most. I know they're being stalked. I can smell a monster in the group. I figure that's why the camp is suddenly frantic to pick them up. But then you pop up out of nowhere. So, are you the special package? The pain behind Percy's eyes returned. Half-bloods. Monsters. Camp. He still didn't know what Hedge was talking about, but the words gave him a massive brain freeze—like his mind was trying to access information that should've been there, but wasn't. He stumbled, and Coach Hedge caught him. For a short guy, the coach had hands like steel. "Whoa there, cupcake. You say you got no memories, huh? Fine. I'll just have to protect you, too, until the team gets here. We'll let the director figure things out." "What director?" Percy said. "What camp?" "Just sit tight. Reinforcements should be here soon. Hopefully, nothing happens before—" Lightning cracked overhead. The wind picked up with a vengeance. Worksheets flew into the Grand Canyon, and the entire bridge shuddered. Kids screamed, stumbling and grabbing the rails. "I had to say something," Hedge grumbled. He picked up his megaphone and bellowed into it: "Everyone inside! The cow says moo! Off the skywalk" "I thought you said this thing was stable!" Percy shouted, his hands shaking as he stumbled into the railing. "Under normal circumstances," Hedge agreed, "which these aren't. Come on!"