As much as I was disrespected, I felt more sorry for Percy who had to hold on to this and obey this pig. When he laid back down I wanted nothing more then hold onto him. I grabbed his hand and pulled it close to my face. I placed a few butterfly kisses on his hand and laid mine on it. 'It will be of your choosing,' his words echoed in my head. Did he actually feel something, was I not alone in my feelings. I moved closer to him and he fell back, I laid my head on his chest. His heartbeat was steady and strong and calming. As much as this marriage was not my choice, I think I could find myself in love with him soon. My eyes slowly closed again, and the next time they opened, Percy was gone. I sat up in bed holding the covers close to myself and started looking for Percy. Then I laid eyes on him as he walked out of the bathroom without his shirt. "Ah your up good." "Yeah, what happened?" "The servants came knocking and I figured it was finally time to get up. You were still sleeping so I went to shower and get ready first." "Oh okay." He was moving over to the table on the left side of the room, I caught sight of his armor and then walked over to him. He started to pull it on and got messed up along the way. "Here let me help you." I started untwisting parts of the straps and tie them as needed. "When did you learn to…" "My father would let me help him from time to time when I had nothing better to do." "I'm glad he did otherwise it would have been quite the spectacle just now." I giggled a little at that remark. "What the crown prince doesn't know how to tie his own armor?" "No I do, but this is new and I don't know all the ties yet, my old armor was preset and clipped together." As soon as I finished I walked to get his crown and then placed it on his head, fixing his matted locks into a neat hairstyle. I saw my smaller crown resting on the edge, this was real, I was now the princess of two provinces. He wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me into him, I welcomed the comfort. He kissed the top of my head and I sighed in content. "So what does the crown prince do all day long?" "He sits in council meetings then does army training. In between he has time for meals and courtship, but seeing as he is married it is now time to visit his wife." "I see, and what does the crown princess do?" Percy's P.O.V.: "Well that is up to you. You could continue studies with scholars here, or you could go the court and make connections with other ladies." "I think I will go to the court today, eventually I think I will continue my studies, that way I can be useful to you." "You are already useful as my wife, by sharing emotions and faith." I let go of her and stepped back. I was staring into her eyes, and I felt the connection and mutually we started to lean in together. Our lips met softly. I pulled her closer almost aggressively and then we were rushing to fill a shared desire. We pulled apart when air became the necessity that we couldn't live without. "Annabeth…" It came out breathy. "Percy…" She reciprocated with the same emotion. We had this mutual look and then parted ways for now. Dinnertime slowly rolled around after a rather uneventful day. As we sat there listening to my pater go on and on about our fixed marriage and how our duty was to continue the line, I kept looking at Annabeth. Slowly we downed more and more wine. Finally we were able to excuse ourselves. As we entered our chambers we looked at each other with heavy eyes. We pulled each other into an embrace. Annabeth's P.O.V.: My hand was resting above his heart on his chest plate. I felt the strong steady pulse. As we looked into each other's eyes we slowly came back together and his hands were wrapped around my waist. I wrapped my arms around his neck and starting twisting my hands in the curls at the nape of his neck. As our lips continued this dance, his hands started to move across my back. I started to make quick work of the ties on his armor, pulling it off him. He started stepping back towards the bed and I moved with him every step of the way. Then I fell back on to the bed and landed on top of me. His weight was a warming pressure on top of me. At this point his chest was uncovered. We moved further back onto the bed and continued this heated session. We broke for air and he moved my messy curls out of my face. I reached out to move his matted locks back from his forehead. He looked at me again; his dark eyes had one question swirling about: Are you sure? I leaned forward to kiss him again. His hands started to undo the ties on my clothes. Percy's P.O.V.: My god I've never done anything like this before. I have had a few kisses with some girls but nothing ever went further than a public kiss on the cheek. I wanted this so badly, even if it was wrong. When I woke the next morning with Annabeth in my arms all felt right with the world. I was grinning like an idiot, but nothing could knock me off my pedestal. She started to stir in my arms and her eyes fluttered open. "Morning beautiful." "Morning handsome." We sat there in comfortable silence. "So about last night Annabeth…"