beet red. "Honestly, no. My plan for today was to just sleep and not wake up till tomorrow for my afternoon class. I had no idea this was even happening, but thank you for not leaving in the midst of it all. I would've been even more embarrassed." She turned to stare at Percy as he laughed. He looked great as always; she did not know how it was scientifically possible for someone to pull off jeans, a gray V-neck, and a black leather jacket that well. "I think I would've been even more embarrassed if you had decided to back out last minute," Percy said with a sheepish smile. "Yeah, I don't think I would've backed out on the guy that I can't stop thinking about," Annabeth admitted. She looked away from him after she realized what she had said and began to feel sick. She was waiting for some kind of negative reaction from Percy; she could picture him telling her that he only saw her as a friend or even worse, him telling her that he doesn't like her and they should never speak to each other again. Percy stayed silent for the remainder of their walk; however, when they reached the movie theaters, he said, "Would I be making you uncomfortable if I called this a date? Because if it makes you uncomfortable or something along those lines, I'm down to just call this a hang out or—" Annabeth reached over and intertwined her fingers with his; she had no idea where this surge of confidence came from, but she was going to blame it on her overly happy heart. "I'm okay with this being a date as long as we can watch The Secret Life of Pets ." "Coincidentally," Percy began as he stared at her, a blush forming across his face, "it's the movie I want to see." She grinned. "What a coincidence." Percy's green eyes sparkled with amusement. "I know, right? It's like we're meant to be or something." Annabeth buried her face into his arm, so he couldn't see the blush that overcame her face. She was going to have to take Piper up on her offer and thank her when she got back. Annabeth had never been to Rome. As an architect, it has been her dream to visit every place on earth with marvelous architecture, so she could admire its brilliance and elegance. However, buildings were not the only structures she liked to admire. "Wise Girl, I know you like to stare at me all the time, but please control yourself. There are children here. Although I am quite the view, we are here to see Rome, not me," Percy teased. She rolled her eyes, but she couldn't help but smile at his comment. "You're right. I'm so sorry, your highness." Percy flashed her a smile, and they continued walking down the streets of Rome. She was in such awe of the buildings surrounding her; she had seen them in pictures, but obviously, pictures do not do the buildings justice. As they roamed the streets, Annabeth would sprout facts left and right about certain buildings, and Percy would occasionally give his input, but he let her do most of the talking. He always liked to see her eyes spark up whenever she spoke about architecture. "Annabeth, as much as I would like to hear about how and why the Colosseum was built, I would really like to grab something to eat first," Percy interrupted her after walking for several hours. Annabeth had to admit she was hungry, so they took off in search of a place to eat. They ended up at restaurant that overlooked the Tiber River; the sun was setting, and while they both were a bit underdressed for this restaurant, Annabeth felt like everything was perfect. They ate carbonara, a pasta recommended to them by the waiter, and there was music playing softly. "Can you believe it has been five years since we met?" Percy asked her as he looked at the river. She followed his gaze and stared at the river, too. "Can you believe we've been together for three?" The scene was truly beautiful. The sun reflected off the river and created a shimmery gleam on top of it. The sky was a lovely mix of rose gold and a soft orange. The reflection of the trees onto the river made it look like a painting. She could feel Percy staring at her, but she couldn't pull her eyes away from the view. At least until she heard a familiar tune coming from the speakers in the restaurant. Annabeth glanced over at Percy, and he was already staring at her with a gleam in his eyes. She could feel a smile growing on her lips as he stood up. "It's a sign from Beyoncé, Wise Girl. We have to dance." Percy extended out his hand towards her with a grin on his face. Annabeth took his hand and laughed as he spun her into his arms and back out. She tried not to dance as crazy as she did back at Will's party years ago, but Percy evidently wasn't having that. People were giving them odd stares and annoyed looks, but at the moment, Annabeth didn't care. While they danced to ' Crazy in Love ', Annabeth couldn't help but be grateful that her heart never let go of Percy Jackson when he was with another girl; she was happy that she could not get over him. Otherwise, she wouldn't be dancing with a dorky marine biologist in a restaurant in the beautiful city of Rome. Hi, everyone! I've been writing this one-shot for a few days already, and I finally got the confidence to post it. Feel free to leave reviews! I would love to know what you guys think! Thank you for reading! Follow my twitter: spideyscoming I do not own any of the characters, songs, artists, or films mentioned in this one-shot.