to slowly back away from Jason until his back hit the wall. "I'm sorry boss I didn't mean it, no one would ever cross you". "Flattery isn't going to work" replied Jason, "but thanks for the compliment. In the wink of an eye Jason's sword was buried deep into the henchman stomach. Holey shit this guys for real, hes a hundred percent whack job, the henchman doubled over taking shallow breaths until he just went still. "Does any one else want to tell my father" yelled Jason, no one said a word. "That's more like it". "Now hurry up and make the body disappear I've got to go visit the big man upstairs" said Jason, "And the search is off, if we were close to them they're long gone by now". I'm not sure how much longer it was, it could have been a year for all I know but once they left I had to take a couple breaths, I still cant believe I just watched I man be murdered less then 15' feet from me. Jason didn't even think twice before he plunged the sword into the man and to think that could have been Leo or I, I climbed the rest of the way down the ladder and saw Leo at the bottom. "So what happened" he asked me. There was no way I was going to tell him what really happened. "They left finally, didn't check the man hole". "Well that's good". "Yea really good, I don't think we should go back up though, we need to walk for a bit and find another way out". "Agreed" said Leo. Leo and I walked in silence for what felt like and hour but must have been only twenty minutes through the windy sewers taking lefts and rights one after another. We finally made it to a corner that had light shining out of it. "That must be a way out" said Leo. "Yea must be" I told him. Once we rounded the corner we saw something that we didn't expect, there was what looked like to be a chest with light shining extremely bright out of the cracks. "Now what the hell is it, first it was a guy flying, then it was water powers and now its a magic box" I said to Leo. "I don't know but lets open it" replied Leo. "Hold on a second Leo we don't know what it is" I told him while grabbing the back of his shirt as he tried to run to it. "Come on Percy don't be a bore, we've come this far haven't we". "Yea I guess, alright but once we open it we've gotta dive for cover" I said letting go of his shirt. Leo and I walked over to the box, there were two latches on the front of the box and me and Leo both grabbed one. "On Three" I told him. In union we said "1". "2". "3". We opened the box diving back for cover holding are heads and waiting for a boom, to are luck and surprise nothing happened except for the light dimming down. We walked back over to the box leaned over and looked inside. "No way are those what I think those are" Leo said excitingly. "Yea, I think they are" I told him. "Hell Yea" he shouted. I reached into the box pulling out the most beautiful sword and shield I had ever seen, I think the sword is a Greek Xiphos. It had a dark silver blade with an oak handle that had leather wrapped around it, also it had bronze letters on the cross section where the metal met the handle. Not to mention the shield which was circular in shape and had the same dark silver material as the sword, as well it had what looked like bronze drawings of waves all around the front of it. "Dude no way this is happening" said Leo, I looked at him and he was holding a magnificent hammer with a bronze head, the handle was also made of bronze with black leather wrapping all the way around it. "I know right this is so bad ass" I told him. "I'm glad your happy with your weapons" said a voice behind us, Leo and I froze in place. "Did someone just talk behind us" whispered Leo. "Yea I think so" I whispered back". "Should we ignore them and hope they'll go away". "I don't think that will work". "Are you sure". "Pretty sure". "Its rude to not look at someone when they're talking to you" said the voice. Leo and I both slowly turned around to come face to face with a giant man, he stood what looked like 11' feet tall and had massive square shoulders. He had what looked like a kind face but I wasn't feeling that right now. What he said next really surprised, more then a guy flying or me having water powers. He smiled sadly and said "You both look so much like your parents, my brother an sister". Leo and I were to shocked to say anything, we just starred at him with are mouths open. "That was you fathers sword and shield" he said pointing to the weapons I was holding, "They'll both turn into wrist bands so you can put one on each arm". He then turned to Leo and pointed at his hammer. "Your mother had that made for you just... well just before she went to the void, it will turn into a tool belt to go around your waist that will have any tool for any problem life throws at you". "Like women?" Leo asked. "Unfortunately no" replied Mr.11', "Not women". I finally worked up the courage to ask him a single question. "What is your name?" "Well young Perseus my name is Ourea and I am your uncle". Hope you guys and gals enjoyed, please reveiw and let me know what you think.