sins. "Do you see this knife?" I asked him as I held out my stygian iron blade for him to see. He nodded mutely at me. "Do you know what it does?" before he could answer, I grabbed his wrist and made a small incision just within his forearm. Even though it was a small shallow cut, he screamed out in tortured agony. "This is a special knife. It has the ability to draw the soul out of the body, sending straight to hell if it is a fatal blow. If it is even a tiny cut, well you know, it just feels like hell." I hissed out the last word and made another small cut closer to his face causing him to cry in anguish. "I could do this all night if I wanted to. I know exactly what to avoid in order to keep you alive as long as I wish." I said with a note of pleasure. Being the son of Hades gave me a certain level of enjoyment at giving pain to those who deserve it. "Now as much fun as that would be for me, I really want to wrap this up eventually. I would greatly appreciate it if you answered any question my friend may ask you. If you do this, then I will let you die," I said coldly. I knew from the sniveling man's face that my eyes reflected the merciless meaning behind my words. I turned away from the husk of a man that had collapsed on the floor after I had released my hold on him. When my eyes met the assassin's I could only see a mixture of admiration and horror. He then wiped his expression blank and approached the man on the floor. "…Now Governor Cujas, about the questions I was asking earlier…" Fifteen minutes later Sebastian's POV When the assassin was done questioning the governor, he stood up and turned towards me. "Well, I think that is all I will be able to get out of him," he said with an air of disappointment. "Can I kill him now?" I asked, eager to wipe this swine off the face of the surface world. "Yes, I suppose you can... what do you plan on doing to him?" "Something special just for him…" I said carefully. I then focused my powers over the dead and found one soul that I was looking for in particular. I allowed the soul to rise from the underworld right in front of the broken governor. It was the ghost of a young boy. He was barely clothed and had a sallow look in his face. In life, this ghost had undoubtedly been too starved for his age. He then turned to face the governor and said, "You. You killed me. Did you even stop to look back? I and the rest of the people of this town have suffered so much at your hand. Why, why did you do this to me? To us? Why? WHY?!" The boy screamed at the governor. "I DON'T KNOW!" the governor shouted back at the boy. He then turned away from the boy and continued to whimper, "I don't know. I don't know… I don't know." He started to whimper uncontrollably. I looked at his soul only to see that it had been pushed past insanity. I had originally wanted to kill this man, but I felt that letting him live was an even worst punishment than anything my father could invent in his pits. I turned away from the shell that had once been a man and left the study. The assassin followed me out into the corridor, a look of confusion on his face. "I thought you wanted to kill him?" "I realized that death would be too kind to him," I explained with a shrug. The young man nodded in understanding. He then seemed to think for a while then another look of confusion crossed his face and I knew that he had a few questions for me. Oh… joy. "Thanks for saving me back there and everything but who are you?" I paused to consider what to say to this young man. My father had instructed me to go undercover because the assassins would not trust a son of one of the major gods. Hades was truly devious in his plans. I hoped this particular assassin didn't get hurt in the cross fire that I will inevitably create. "My name is Sebastian. I am the son of… Thanatos, the god of death. I was sent here to help you win this rebellion," I lied easily. I knew that I was a perfect liar and could even fool Apollo, the god of truth. The young man readily accepted the lie as truth. This boy was almost too naïve for his own good. "Alright well thank you for your help, I'm sure my father would love to meet you," he said eagerly. "Your father? And he is…?" I asked in confusion. "Oh yes sorry. My father is the assassin grandmaster, Gerard Moreau. My name is Gabriel, son of Nike, the goddess of victory," Gabriel said with a friendly smile toward me. I returned the gesture but my grin was for a completely different reason. I had found the assassins at last. Hello there! I forgot to mention at the top that I do not own Assassins creed or Percy Jackson. I hope you like this story! Obviously I am not a history major so I apologize for any historical inaccuracies. I try my best to stay within the truth, but I do mess up sometimes. Well in case you were wondering, here are the translations of the French in the chapter (once again I am not a professional French speaker so pardon any errors I make) *The mother of revolution is crime and poverty* * You heartless wretch! You will pay for the death of my precious son! My baby! No!* Thanks for reading! R&R