secretly playing an audiobook of the tour, the kind man turned to her curiously as she spoke, "You said Twelve Olympians, don't you mean thirteen? Isn't it only fair that Hades be counted as one as well?" Percy wondered, already figuring who had been the oddball out seeing as how not many people probably would welcome the icon of death into their halls, family or not. Mr. Brunner looked at her, a look of genuine surprise etched into his features as he seemed to study her for a moment. "I'm curious, Miss Jackson, would you be so kind as to explain the origin of that particular painting displayed directly beside the Big Three, and who it is they are fighting?" Percy turned now drawing a sudden blank on whoever the creature in the painting was, all she could recall was that it was someone important ' no, duh - otherwise there wouldn't be a painting of them in the first place! Come on girl, think! ' she mentally scolded herself. "Oh! I remember, that's Kronos!" She said happy to have remembered. "And?" Brunner said gesturing for Percy to elaborate more Her brows furrowed in thought trying to piece together the rest of the guy who she now remembered as being Kronos. "He was a ruler..." She mumbled aloud, but of what she couldn't quite remember, and it was killing her to be so close. "Oh, he was the king of the titans!" Percy yelped, Brunner nodded waiting for her to elaborate more. "and...and he had serious trust issues with his kids." Okay, so she didn't word it the smartest way she could have. "So...when Zeus and the others were born, he ate them!" Percy said, causing a few of the girls to gag at the thought of eating a baby. "Only his wife decided to hide Zeus from him, instead giving him a rock to eat, and then when Zeus grew up he tricked his father into heaving the rest of his siblings which then lead to the war between Titans and Gods with the Gods being the victor." Percy finished going with the shortened version of things. Mr. Brunner gave her a warm, sincere smile. "Nice to know someone's paying attention in class," he said just before turning to face the majority of the class. Percy smiled a little happy at her own impressive display of knowledge that she owed to her mother who would always encourage to study saying if she ever got smart enough, Percy would be able to graduate out of school at an early age. Naturally Percy had believed her mom, and actually took up the tedious habit of studying more often, though with tough obstacles such as Dyslexia and ADHD, it became more of a strenuous thing resulting in her having more difficulty on some things. She shifted about to follow after the rest of the class, who were in the middle of belittling Grover who had snuck away to take pictures of one of the nude statues of Aphrodite, Mr. Brunner had seen him however. "Percy Jackson." Percy resisted the urge to groan reluctantly turning and seeing none other than standing behind her with that look she usually wore when she was about to dish out a punishment. If that wasn't a warning sign, Percy didn't know what was. "We need to talk," was all Mrs. Dodds said leading the way to an empty display room that looked to be currently under reconstruction or something. "So what? Am I in trouble or something?" Percy asked, walking ahead of her teacher and into the room; when she received no answer Percy looked back and found that Mrs. Dodds was now gone. ' Man, why does this keep happening today? ' Percy thought wanting to hit her head against a wall in frustration, what with everyone seemingly disappearing around her. "Where is it!?" A voice snarled, bringing Percy's attention back and seeing Mrs. Dodds standing on one of the high support beams, her face contorted into a mix of fury and aggression. "Who - hey how did you...get up there?" Percy spluttered, confused, not realizing the danger she was in at the moment until Mrs. Dodds gave a ferocious growl startling Percy as she flew—like actually legit freaking FLEW—right off the support beams growing a full pair of wings and turning into a-a-a monster! "Oh my god!" Percy screamed, flailing and falling back onto the floor in shock, narrowly avoiding the creature's sweeping attack as she landed on another beam behind Percy. "You stole the lightning bolt, didn't you ?" It screeched. ' Lightning bolt? What the hell? ' "I don't know what your talking about!" Percy screamed. The creature swept down again, this time managing to snatch Percy off the ground, having gripped the girl's shoulders and digging her talons in, hoisting her into the air and forcing her to look directly into those beady black eyes of hate. "Give it to me or I will rip your heart out!" The color drained from poor Percy's face at her words knowing she really would do it right now. It was like a miracle to her when the door of the room flew open, revealing an urgent looking Grover and Mr. Brunner; the both them burst in, instantly seeing the thing holding Percy and much to her surprise, they stood their ground, glaring hatefully at the monster as if they saw monsters everyday. "Grover, quick—throw your crutch or something!" Percy shouted the first thing that came into her frightened mind, hey she was scared alright? "Release her or I swear I'll tear you to pieces!" Mr. Brunner roared, and miraculously the thing did just that: ungracefully dropping Percy to the floor where she landed with a hard thud! Percy watched as the monster flew out of a nearby window, smashing it into tiny shards of glass. So yeah, so far, this was not turning out to be my best day... And it only gets better.