didn't know what she was talking about. All I could think of was that the teachers must've found the illegal stash of candy I'd been selling out of my dorm room. Or maybe they'd realized I got my essay on Tom Sawyer from the Internet without ever reading the book and now they were going to take away my grade. Or worse, they were going to make me read the book. "That reminds me, when we all leave and I go back home I should start reading Tom Sawyer." I said, making a reminder for myself. "Well?" she demanded. "Ma'am, I don't..." "Your time is up," she hissed. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacket melted into large, leathery wings. She wasn't human. She was a shriveled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice me to ribbons. "HADES! YOU SENT A FURY AFTER MY SON!" Poseidon roared, about to lunge off his throne to choke him when he was stopped by a force field. "Poseidon, I know that you are angry, but that is nothing compared to what Percy has actually dealt with in the future in the other books. Please calm down and let Annabeth continue reading." I said, make an energy field around his throne to keep him from attacking Hades. Poseidon scowled as he slumped back into his throne, glaring at Hades. Then things got even stranger. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled his chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen through the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me. With a yelp, I dodged and felt talons slash the air next to my ear. I snatched the ballpoint pen out of the air, but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a pen anymore. It was a sword—Mr. Brunner's bronze sword, which he always used on tournament day. Mrs. Dodd's spun toward me with a murderous look in her eyes. My knees were jelly. My hands were shaking so bad I almost dropped the sword. "Wimp." Ares sneered. I snapped my fingers and a bucket filled with cow manure appears above Ares head and proceeds to dump it all over him. I waved my hand at Ares making the moisture in the air rain down for a couple seconds to wash off the cow manure off of him. "Cow manure, really?" Ares muttered, feeling put off by having cow pies dumped on him then drenched in water. She snarled, "Die, honey!" "I want some honey." I mumbled, as I took some honey out of my bag and start eating some with a spoon. And she flew straight at me. Absolute terror ran through my body. I did the only thing that came naturally: I swung the sword. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed clean through her body as if she were made of water. Hisss! Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if those two glowing red eyes were still watching me. I was alone. There was a ballpoint pen in my hand. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody was there but me. My hands were still trembling. My lunch must've been contaminated with magic mushrooms or something. Had I imagined the whole thing? I went back outside. It had started to rain. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw me, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." I said, "Who?" "Our teacher. Duh!" I blinked. We had no teacher named Mrs. Kerr. I asked Nancy what she was talking about. She just rolled her eyes and turned away. I asked Grover where Mrs. Dodd's was. He said, "Who?" But he paused first, and he wouldn't look at me, so I thought he was messing with me. "Not funny, man," I told him. "This is serious." Thunder boomed overhead. I saw Mr. Brunner sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if he'd never moved. I went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, Mr. Jackson." I handed Mr. Brunner his pen. I hadn't even realized I was still holding it. "Sir," I said, "Where's Mrs. Dodd's?" He stared at me blankly. "Who?" "The other chaperone. Mrs. Dodd's. The pre-algebra teacher." He frowned and sat forward, looking mildly concerned. "Percy, there is no Mrs. Dodd's on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodd's at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling all right?" "That's the end of the first chapter." Annabeth said, finished reading. "Shelby choose who gets to read now." Hecate said, making everyone look at me. I look up with a spoon in my mouth from eating honey straight out of the jar. I take the spoon out of my mouth and shove the jar and spoon back into my bag. Annabeth threw the book at me as I thought over who should read the next chapter. "Lady Athena, do you want to read?" I asked her, standing up to walk over to hand her the book. "Sure." Athena said, taking the book from my hand and cleared her throat to start reading. I stretched before sitting back down to listen to the next chapter. A/N: That's the end of the chapter. Please review! * It means 'I know but you still get in a lot of trouble on your own!'