first watched half a season of 'The Fosters' and then she settled on a film about Greek and Roman culture. She was intrigued by the Roman ways than the Greek ones. Halfway through the film, Reyna's doorbell rang. She frowned and wondered who could be ringing her door at midnight. Oh, I remember you driving to my house In the middle of the night She opened the door and saw Jason with his head hung down and his hands in his pockets. She looked behind him and saw his car was semi parked. Oh, no. Reyna gently pushed him inside. She locked her door and when she turned back around, she decided to hug him. She held him tight and felt his arms encircle her. She could smell a faint trace of his cologne and hear the rhythm of his heartbeat. He muttered something but she could not make out what he said. "What?" She looked up at him and he repeated himself. He was still mumbling and even though she was very close to him (she reminded herself to breathe in and breathe out), she could not make out a single word. "Jason if you do not speak up I swear I will send you back out there in the freezing cold." He cracked a small smile. "I said," He leaned down and held her again. This time he squeezed her. "Thank you," His voice raised a little and Reyna knew what had happened. His father had called and probably blamed him again for his mother's death or Thalia had sent a SWAT team after her younger brother when she found out he was a town over on a Saturday night. I'm the one who makes you laugh When you know you're 'bout to cry. As she moved away from the embrace, she let her fingers trace the sides of his ribs. When they were younger, they would engage in tickle fights. She always won because he never found her weak spot (behind her thigh and on her feet). He giggled and Reyna laughed out loud. "I can't believe Jason Grace just giggled." Jason raised his eyebrows at her, a grin on his face. "And I can't believe Reyna Ramirez just hugged me." Reyna shrugged her shoulders. "Someone has to take care of you." "And I'm glad it's you." He rubbed her shoulder and reached in for another hug. Reyna felt like on cloud nine. "You're like Thalia, but you punch me less." And now she felt like she was back on earth. ~~ You Belong With Me ~~ I know your favorite songs, "Centurie-e-e-e-e-e-e-s!" Reyna smirked to herself as she covertly took a video of Jason singing his heart out. They were on their way to IHOP for some Sunday morning pancakes. She never really went to church as a kid and Jason's family was not religious. So, their mornings consisted of radio music and pancakes. "You are a terrible singer." Reyna stopped recording and smiled at Jason. He glanced at her and grinned. "What? You don't like my angelic voice?" Reyna laughed. "If by angelic you mean like a screeching cat," "Hey!" Reyna laughed again. Pretty soon they were seated at a sticky table. The waitress already knew them, so their order arrived fast. They began to talk about their plans for the future. Reyna already knew his by heart. And you tell me about your dreams. He wanted to be a doctor. He did not want to go into the family business like his father planned. The family business was all about gaining more money and no consideration for the workers; for the people who had to suffer in order for the CEO to be wealthier every year. Unlike her, Jason thought of everyone else before himself. Think I know where you belong, She could already picture him in his lab coat, with a clipboard and a stethoscope. She saw him standing in front of a home, with the picket fence and family car. She also saw him picking up his children, even if he was late for a meeting. Think I know it's with me But she did not see herself next to him. While he was talking about the colleges he was applying to, and professions he was thinking about, she had her moment of epiphany. He would never be with her. She had fooled herself for so long that she belonged with him. But the chemistry between them was not lit up. No, Jason was not right for her. Reyna let out a small smile as she bit her pancakes. "You okay?" Jason took a gulp of his orange juice. Reyna nodded and let her smile grow. "I was just thinking about our friendship." Jason grinned back at her, the little scar on his upper lip stretching. "Best one in the world." And for once, her stomach did not drop nor did it erupt into butterflies. Her smile just grew and she nodded. Even though she could not reach over and kiss him, their friendship was enough ~~ You Belong With Me ~~ So, hello! This is the first chapter and it was solely focused on Reyna. I am sorry if she was slightly OC, but this is an AU and I have shaped her life differently. Each chapter will have a character and a song. Each chapter is related to one another and there soon would be dramaaaaaa. If you have a song in mind and/or a character, PM me! I have several ideas written up, but I will soon hit Writer's Block… again. Also, in the summary there would a sentence in brackets ([_]) as a sneak peak for the chapter recently uploaded and the characters involved will be in a pairing. And one more thing: The first chapters will be pop genre and happy and all that. Later on, angst and drama will come in. Again, if you have requests tell me! :) So, how was this first chapter? ~StephLopez