of them weren't as close as all the others, but Thalia always called Leo the human candle. When he died, well, Thalia said that the human candle had burnt out. Not only that, but it burnt out too soon. "Leo!" Thalia complained, "Stop hitting on all of my hunters!" "Why?" Leo snorted, "Am I not good enough for them, or do you want me to yourself Princess?" "Like I would want a Human Candle. Nope. Not a chance Leo." Thalia said turning to admire the sunset. Her hunters were at Camp Half Blood helping, well attempting to help with the search for Percy. Thalia was here mostly to be with Annabeth, her younger sister needed her. "Aww, come one Thalia. All da' Ladies Love Leo!" Leo wiggled his eyebrows, which earned a small laugh from Thalia. "Have you ever even loved someone?" Thalia didn't answer. Leo asked again, but Thalia just turned away. "Oh, I'm sorry. Thalia. I really am." Leo tried to make up for it. Thalia just pushed him away. "Come on, I made you upset, let me dry those tears." "No, I'm fine. Now you better seek shelter before the sun comes out, we don't want you melting to a puddle of human wax, now do we?" Leo laughed, tipped his imaginary hat, and jogged off into the woods before the sun was even a glimmer in the night sky. Thalia took out two small candles, one red and one yellow. She lit them and said, "You burnt out too soon my friend. I'm sorry." Thalia moved onto the next grave. Calypso. Thalia didn't know her to well so she placed a single flower near the grave and said, "Thanks for keeping this nuisance-" She waved towards Leo's grave, "-Away from my hunters." Thalia moved over to another grave. Hazel and Frank. She didn't know this group all that well either, They spent most of their time in the Roman camp, which Thalia didn't visit. She plucked a small stuffed bear out of her bag, and placed it in between the two graves. She heard many stories of Frank saving lives by turning into other animals. She then placed a single diamond in front of the bear. Hazel could summon jewels and Frank could turn into animals, not a bad combo. The next two graves read: Nico Di Angelo and Will Solace. Thalia rolled her eyes and said, "You know Nico. I'm glad you found your sunshine." It was a good 4 years after the war with Gaea had ended. Will Solace, he was Nico's boyfriend. He brought out the light in Nico that everyone always knew he had. When Will proposed to Nico, Thalia thought the kid was going to explode from happiness. Will was everything to Nico, he made him smile (something that used to only happen around his sister), he made him eat, he got him to have a normal skin color (meaning it wasn't pale), he was able to make Nico happy. Nico and Will got married soon there after. Jason had tears in his eyes, Piper was smiling bigger than ever before, Annabeth was in charge of the whole thing so naturally she was checking to make sure everything was perfect, Percy was grumbling something about not being Nico's type, Hazel was crying, and Frank was hugging Hazel. After their marriage, Nico was the happiest you had ever seen him. It made Thalia just plain glad. Thalia placed a small sunflower plant in between the two graves and started humming, 'you are my sunshine.' She moved on to Rachel Dare. Thalia placed a paintbrush in front of the girls grave. Rachel and Thalia had many conversations about how dumb boys could be, how Percy was a Seaweed Brain (That topic came up with a lot of people), and what it was like to have Leo hit on you. (Leo did that A LOT. ) Thalia moved onto the grave after her, Reyna. Reyna and Thalia had become very good friends over the years. After Thalia helped her with the statue the two of them kept in touch. They met up frequently and would talk about nothing in particular. The last grave that Thalia came up to was Luke's. His body wasn't here, but he was given a headstone. Thalia let the few tears she head in her eyes slide down her cheeks and hit the ground. Thalia took out the book and leaned it up against the headstone. "I miss you Luke." Thalia whispered. She reached down and grabbed the book, opening it to a very specific page. "The two teen's sat by the fire and snuggled in close. They stared longingly into each other's eyes, but were too mesmerized to take it any further." Thalia took one long breath before reciting, without even looking at the page, "They said goodnight and closed their eyes, but deep inside, they both wanted more. They couldn't have what they wanted, but it would always remain in their minds." The tears fell as she placed a rose inside of the book, closed it, placed it in front of the headstone and whispered, "Their love would keep them together for all of the years to come, even if they were both too mesmerized to ever turn it in to something more." Thalia let out a quiet sob before standing up and saying to all of the graves in front of her, "They all say hello." She looked at every grave, thinking of happier times, when they were alive with her. She was about to walk away, but she turned back and looked straight at Luke's grave. "Happy Birthday Luke. I'm sorry that we weren't something more." OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOooOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO Okay, here come the Water Works! THAT WAS WHY THE DAY WAS SPECIAL. TEARS! But the difference is, I knew it the entire time, you guys didn't. Love ya. That was by far the longest one shot I have ever written. I hope you guys enjoyed it. :) -Strawberry