many lovers have. Aphrodite, feeling herself blush at Percy's rather bold and impressive performance, set aside her glass of nectar, and crawled over to the sleeping Ares. She nibbled at his ear, and murmured a few sweet words, while her hand rubbed along his unconsciously growing erection. Oh yes. This was proving to be high-class entertainment, indeed! Annabeth was on fire. Her heart was bursting through her rib cage, her blood was boiling, and her skin was melting, but all in the best ways possible. Percy, boneheaded, stupid, adorably clumsy Percy, was exceeding expectations in every possible manner, and Annabeth could not even begin to imagine how they never got around to sex before Hera came crashing into their lives. But then again... this was just foreplay. Piper explained that oftentimes foreplay can be more pleasurable than intercourse itself, or at the very least, make up for any disappointing sex. But, if a lover is consistent enough, foreplay will be just the beginning to a whole world of utter, mind-blowing pleasures in bed... Percy finally emerged from his absolutely incredible performance with oral sex, and crawled on top of her and kissed her. Annabeth ignored the fact that was she indirectly tasting herself; she was too high up on cloud-nine to give a damn. "Oh my gods, Percy... that was... that was..." "Amazing?" Percy said cockily, smirking down at her. "YES, as a matter of fact!" "You're welcome. But we're not done yet." Annabeth grinned and spread open her legs and arms, reaching up for her boyfriend. "Well then... why don't you take me, then?" Somewhere in the godly dimension, Ares was fucking Aphrodite hard, pounding into her from behind. He had no idea what caused her to desire him so suddenly, especially after instructing him to go back to sleep after waking him twice, but he didn't care. Ares was a god of limited thoughts, and easily malleable emotions. If his lover wanted sex, by all means, he would oblige. And he couldn't complain even. Only with the goddess of love, after thousands of years, can sex still feel this fresh. Aphrodite continued watching her private "window of lovers" as Ares took her. She never told her lover, but a significant portion of her pleasure with him (or any other lover, for that matter) was while watching her "high-class entertainment." Ares always assumed she'd finished watching her human lovers by the time she'd become horny. But the dirty truth of the matter was that the goddess of love simply loved indulging in watching others make love while she gets some as well. Not that anyone should be surprised. After all, Aphrodite invented porn. Percy's pants were off within milliseconds, and he poised himself over Annabeth's entrance, her arms wrapped around his neck, his hands bracing on the mattress beneath them. He paused, inhaling and exhaling deeply, and glanced at his girlfriend's lustful eyes. But before they continued, he had to ask. "Annabeth... I—I heard that sex can hurt-" Annabeth pressed a finger to his lips and shook her head sharply. Percy stared at her, confused. "Percy, feel how wet I am." Bewildered, he obliged, reaching down with his hand, and feeling the soppy wetness below. Annabeth whimpered, fluttered her eyes for a moment, before smiling at her bemused boyfriend. "I'm more than ready. The whole 'women get hurt when they lose their virginity' is a myth, a common misconception, only proving to be true by means of a self-fulfilling prophecy. Piper explained. Women across the ages warn other women about much it hurts the first time, they get nervous, stiffen up, and result in, well, hurting themselves. But you," she cupped her boyfriend's face lovingly, "did such an amazing job pleasing me that I'm practically aching for you, and not in a bad way." She smirked. "I'm ready for you. Are you?" Percy jerked his head back into focus – Annabeth's monologue went a bit over his head, but he assumed that she knew best – and he smiled back, blushing slightly. He couldn't admit it, but Annabeth's calm confidence was making him nervous. What if he proved to be disappointing? What if all this build-up was for nothing? What if- "Oh, for gods' sake, Seaweed Brain, just do it!" "Oh, right!" Percy repositioned himself, and began pressing inside. Oh gods! So warm, so tight, such a perfect grip... Percy almost came right there, but managed to compose himself, and pushed onward, sliding in smoothly till he was buried deep inside his girlfriend. Panting, he looked at her worriedly, but saw that her eyes were closed in pleasure, her mouth open in a tiny "oh," and felt a shiver running down her body. Annabeth's stormy gray eyes opened and she smiled dazedly. "Gods, Percy, who knew you'd be so... big?" That did it. Percy buried his mouth into hers, and began moving, pushing in and out, feeling utterly relieved. Sometime later, the two lovers laid in each other's arms, panting and drenched in sweat. Annabeth sent a silent thank you to Piper (and, begrudgingly, to Aphrodite), while she stroked Percy's black hair, now sticking to his forehead. He was laying his head on her breasts, eyes closed, and a look of sheer contentment on his face. Annabeth closed her own eyes, and relived the last hour: everything, from their clumsy foreplay, to Percy's remarkable use of his tongue, to finally … having sex. Within no time, their movements reciprocated each other in unison, and she had lifted her hips to meet Percy halfway, and they just kept going and going... A burning sensation between her legs urged her on. Annabeth kissed the top of Percy's head, getting his attention. He looked up at her almost sleepily, but his eyes widened in surprise at the look on her face. "Percy... fuck me again." He raised his eyebrows, but Annabeth only stared back, hungrily, begging. He grinned. "Yes, ma'am." AN: Thanks for reading, everyone! Let me know what you think ^^"