call me a ditz, and in a way, they're right. I have moments like this a lot, where my brain falls asleep or something, and I know I've missed something big. My counselor says it's part of my ADHD. But I honestly don't know. I went after Mr. Dodds. I looked back for a second at Grove, who looked like she might have a panic attack and was trying to get the attention of Mrs. Brunner, who was totally absorbed in the cooking magazine she was reading. I looked back at Mr. Dodds, who had disappeared again, this time into the building. At first I thought he was just trying to get shelter from the rain, but he kept going deeper into the museum. He stopped at the Greek exhibit, staring up at a frieze of the gods like he wanted to punch it. Even without that, I would've been creeped out. Umm, hello, I'm a little girl trapped in an empty, dark room with a creepy old guy! But Mr. Dodds was being especially creepy, giving the marble gods a serial-killer stare. "You've been giving us problems, darlin'," he said. Trying to play it safe and get out of there as soon as possible, I replied, "Yes, sir." He smirked and turned to me. "Did you really think you would get away with it?" Then I saw the look in his eyes, which was pure evil. Wait. I thought. He's a teacher, he won't actually hurt me, right? Or maybe he's some kind of pedophile. Man, I wish I brought my Mace. No. I'm being stupid. He won't attack me..right? "We're not fools, Perci Jackson," Mr. Dodds growled. :"It was only a matter of time before we found out. Confess, and you will suffer less pain." I didn't know what he was talking about. Had the teachers found out I was selling gum out of my dorm and chewing it in class? Or that I hadn't actually read Tom Sawyer and got that essay off the Internet? Were they going to dock my grade? Or worse, make me read? 'Well?" he demanded. "Sir, I don't…" "Time's up," Mr. Dodds smirked. Then the scariest thing happened. His eyes began to glow like hot coals and his finger stretched into claws. His jacket melted into giant, devilish looking wings. He wasn't human. He was a wizened old troll with bat wings and claws, and a mouth full of yellow teeth, and he was about to slice me to ribbons! Then things got really strange. Mrs. Brunner, who'd been in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled her chair into the doorway of the gallery, holding a tube of lip gloss in her hand. "Hark, Perci!" she shouted, and tossed the lip gloss tube through the air. Mr. Dodds lunged at me. With a shrill scream, I dodged and felt claws slash the air next to my ear, which I'd gotten pierced a month before. I snatched the lip gloss tube out of the air, but when it hit my hand, it wasn't a tube of gloss anymore. It was a longer tube, made of bronze – a scabbard for the containment of swords, which Mrs. Brunner always wore to accessorize her chiton. Mr. Dodds spun toward me with a murderous look in his eye. I opened the scabbard –usually empty, or so I thought- to find a gleaming bronze sword! I was shaking so badly that I almost dropped it. Mr. Dodds snarled, "Die, darlin'!" And flew straight towards me. I was screaming like a little girl - I am a little girl – but I did the only thing that came naturally: I swung the sword. The shining blade hit his shoulder and sliced through his body like the knife I use to cook with at home for Dad slices through butter. Hiss! Mr. Dodds was a sandcastle in a power fan. He exploded into yellow powder, just blew up, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur, a dying growl, and a chill of evil in the air, like those creepy red eyes were still watching me. I was holding a tube of lip gloss in my hand. Mrs. Brunner wasn't there. Nobody was there but me. I was shaking and felt tears sting my eyes. What just happened? Did Nate put magic mushrooms in my food or something? Had I imagined the whole thing? I went back outside, wiping my eyes. It had started to rain. Grove was sitting by the fountain, pulling her hat closer over her face. Nate Bobofit was standing there, still soaked, grumbling to his goons. When he saw me, he called, laughing, "Yeah, I knew it! Mr. Kerr made ya cry! I said, "Who?" "Our teacher , ya ditz." I blinked. We didn't have a teacher named Mr. Kerr. I asked Nate what he was talking about. He just rolled his eyes and led his posse away. I asked Grove where Mr. Dodds went. She said, "Who?" But she hesitated, and wouldn't look me in the eye, so I thought she was messing with me. "Not funny, girl," I told her. "This is serious, ok?" A clap of thunder boomed overhead and Grove jumped. I saw Mrs. Brunner just sitting there, reading her cooking magazine under an umbrella like she hadn't moved. I went over to her. She looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, you found my lip gloss, dear," she smiled. "I was looking all over for it.. Thank you for getting it back to me, Miss Jackson." I handed Mrs. Brunner her tube of gloss. I hadn't even realized I still had it. "Ma'am," I asked, "Where's Mr. Dodds?" She stared at me blankly. "Who, dear?" "The other chaperone. Mr. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher." She frowned and sat forward, looking mildly concerned. "Perci, there is no Mr. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mr. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling alright, dear?"