Jackson?" She sneered at Percy who stared at her in disbelief. "Wha-What happened to you? " Percy questioned, trying to get his head around the cold and unloving Annabeth before him. It was like taking the girl that he loved and replacing her soul with that of a hateful demon. "I just realised that everything was your fault. Everything that I lost and any kind of future I had with the man that I really loved was taken from me by you, you worthless piece of scum!" She slapped him hard around the face as her words churned around his head until he realised who she meant. "Luke?" Percy exclaimed incredulously, " That's who you love, what happened to all that we had? Annabeth I love you, I thought you loved me, was everything that we have been through together mean nothing to you, years of friendship leading to years love, meaningless because of one girl." "It was all a lie!" Annabeth screamed in his face, "I loved Luke before I had even met you, and I never stopped loving him, I've realise this now, and it is your fault that he died, your prophesy, you were the one who started it all by coming to Camp, if you had never existed, I could have been happy! I never loved you, how could I when you cost me Luke, my one true love. Our 'relationship' was founded on lies and betrayal, so how could it end with anything less. You are a traitor to Olympus, you are the one who helped Kronos and you cost so many people their lives, it is your fault, all of it!" She finished, breathing heavily, chest heaving, tears streaming down her face and her whole body trembling. During the screaming match Vivien had come outside to watch, as had a crowd of campers, fascinated by the almighty split of the golden couple. Vivien took Annabeth's hand, facing Percy and pointed at him, and screamed, "Traitor!" The rest of the campers took up the chant except for the few friends that Percy still had left who just watched him sadly as he began to back away from the incoming mob who slowly gained in confidence, marching towards the retreating demi-god. Percy turned and sprinted towards the camp exit only to come face to face with Rachel, her long red hair curling down her back and her green eyes flashing in anger as she gazed at the crowd behind Percy. She silently handed Percy a bag which he slung over his back quickly, nodding at her in thanks, before turning back to get one last look at the place that had been his home for the last 4 years. He locked eyes with Vivien for a moment and saw the pleasure his sudden exile from Camp had given her, the smug look taking over her angelic face for a moment before she turned to 'comfort' Annabeth, the girl crying into her embrace. Percy glanced at his friends in the mob and smiled slightly before racing towards the Camp's entrance to escape the screaming throng of people behind him. *End of Flashback*-Unknown Percy reminisced about the months after his exile spent in the wild trying to escape the Camp scouts sent after him. The bag that Rachel had given him was filled with supplies to help him survive; food, water bottles, ambrosia, nectar, a sleeping bag, some clothes, weapons and finally, a locket. He looked down at the locket around his neck and opened it again. There was a group picture of him, Rachel, Grover, Juniper, Clarisse, Chris and the Stolls standing on the beach smiling at the camera. He remembered that day. It was a couple of weeks after the war and Chiron was taking a picture of the demi-gods as a memento. Percy remembered Annabeth being in the picture too but as he looked at one side of the picture he saw that it had been cut, like Rachel had cut Annabeth out. He smiled slightly at his crazy artistic friend who knew him so well. On the other side of the locket was a picture of his mom, Paul, his baby sister Lucy and him, his mother holding her newborn child and her arm around her eldest son, proudly smiling at the camera. That photo had been taken just days before they had been murdered by an ally of Gaea's, Hecate. He had come home after a day of clear-up at camp, expecting to see his mother and his little sister, who already had him wrapped around her little finger, however as he opened the door he found blood smeared all over the walls, and three dead bodies left to rot. His step-father Paul was in the kitchen, fear still in his glass like eyes. Percy had found his mom in the nursery that he had helped paint the summer before, spread-eagle like she had been protecting something before she had been struck down. The scene that really broke Percy's heart and caused his head to spin in grief even now, was the tiny enfant lying in the crib, curled in an eternal sleep, her mother's blood splattering her crib. Percy remembered that day all too well as he closed the locket, placing it back around his neck while resting his fingers on the spot where his camp bead necklace had been before he had ripped it off in a fit of anger on the day of his exile along with the ring that had still been in his pocket. He had buried them somewhere in the middle of nowhere, symbolising the death of his previous life. Percy shook his head to rid himself of the memories and carried on towards his camp which was only a few minutes away. That was, until another flash signalled behind him, whereas this time, he only smiled and turned to face his mentor with a grin and opened his arms to embrace her. Please review. -Stardust x