many visitors. Although," she says, suddenly worried, "I can make them let go if they're making you uncomfortable." "Of course not," Sally says immediately, and she again has to resist the urge to offer to adopt every single child. Marda and Gemma are obviously doing their best, but when there are six kids, each of them is bound to get overlooked every once in a while. If she wasn't barely managing to maintain a comfortable lifestyle with Percy, she would have taken them all in. But she can't accept responsibility for these kids if she doesn't think she'll be able to handle it . . . even if leaving them behind in a few hours will break her heart. Eventually, the kids tear themselves away and start to poke at the black garbage bags, sneaking hopeful glances at Sally and Percy. "Yes, you can get your presents now," Sally answers their unspoken questions with a laugh. "But you can only open one of them today," Percy says sternly. "You have to save the rest of them for Christmas. Otherwise, that's cheating, and Santa won't like that. Got it?" The kids nod solemnly, their eyes wide, and Percy starts grinning. "Believe me, I know," he tells them. "One time, I opened one of my presents early without permission, and Santa only gave me half of what I asked for." They gasp. "Poor Percy," Ally says, a frown twisting her expression for the first time. "But he deserved it! You shouldn't have opened your presents without permission!" The girl speaking has freckles, dark hair, and a green knit cap shoved onto her head. She was the only child not to run to them immediately. When Percy sees her, he blanches. For a moment, Sally isn't sure why . . . and then she remembers Percy's broken description of Bianca. She had . . . brown hair . . . and she always wore this ridiculous green hat that was way too big for her . . . and she had a ton of freckles . . . Oh, gods. Sally's heart starts racing. What if Percy breaks down, right now, and she has to lead him out of the room and promise all the kids that he's fine, really, and this mini-Bianca is going to wonder what she said wrong— "You're right." The smile that Percy pastes on his face almost seems genuine—but Sally has known her baby boy all his life, and she recognizes the effort it takes for him to keep it going. "But that's all right because he gave me the best half of what I asked for. Santa is generous like that." His eyes gleam. "And you bet I learned my lesson after that. I never opened my presents early again." "Oh." The Bianca look-alike considers this. "I guess that's okay, then." "Yup." Percy turns to everyone else. "But you guys had better learn from mini-me's mistakes. You're allowed to open one present now, but you've got to wait to see all the rest, all right?" A chorus of "okays" bounces around the room. "Good. Now that that's settled, do you want your presents, or what?" The "okays" turn into a round of cheers, and slowly, the grin on Percy's face looks a little more natural. He turns to the Bianca look-alike. "What's your name, kiddo?" "Emilia." "Well, Emilia, would you like to get your presents now?" Her beaming smile contrasts sharply with her serious, dark eyes. It takes almost a whole hour, but they sort out the various gifts and watch as smiles as bright as Emilia's grow on each child's face. With each new discovery, Sally sees a little of Percy's sorrow lift away. His shoulders stop sagging, and his stance straightens. He laughs and jokes with the kids as if he hadn't lost two friends within the last week, and that brings Sally immense relief. Sally has always done whatever she could to retain Percy's innocence, especially when it came to Christmas. She's been worried that exposure to the harsh dangers of Percy's demigod life would sap away the pure joy he always found in the simplest of things. But now Sally realizes that she may not have to worry about that anymore. Because even though the harsh reality of Percy's world has begun digging its teeth into his innocence, he's still managed to discover something magical about Christmas. "Mom?" Percy snaps her out of her thoughts as they're walking back to their apartment, empty garbage bags stuffed into Sally's purse in preparation for their next present run. (Gemma made sure to give Sally the list of the gifts the kids wanted from Santa before they left.) "Yes, Percy?" "Do you think . . . ?" He rubs the back of his neck awkwardly. "I mean, I told the kids to only open one present because I think it's fun to be able to tear open your own personal mountain of wrapping paper on Christmas." Sally laughs. "That's true. I think you had more fun playing in your wrapping paper piles as a kid than you did using your actual presents." "That's probably true," he admits. "But . . . well, because I said that, we only got to see them open one of their presents. And I'd like to see their expressions when they get everything else. And we have to deliver the presents from 'Santa' anyway. So I was wondering . . ." "Of course, Percy," Sally laughs, understanding. "If that's what you want, of course we can come back on Christmas and spend the day with those kids." "Oh, great! Thanks, Mom." "Of course," Sally says again, smiling. "It's no problem." And it really isn't. Because she'll do whatever it takes to keep Christmas magical for her son. Sally Jackson is a fantastic mother who made sure Percy had the greatest Christmases ever, and no one can convince me otherwise. :) I hope you enjoyed the story! Tell me what you thought!