see her smile, and put it on, before I headed back into the woods, before using the instinctive control of my size to make me the size of a housecat so she wouldn't see me, and watched her play some more before heading home. I grew back to full size before turning to head back. "That was a good thing you did." A voice said behind me. Causing me to turn around and see a girl with mousy brown hair, a brown scarf wrapped around her head, and a brown together covered her shoulder to toe, and eyes full of fire. "Who are you?" I asked. "I am Hestia, goddess of Hearth and home." She said. "The Greek goddess Hestia." I said in surprise before bowing my head in a fox version of a bow. "Yes, and you do not need to bow." She said. "You was my friend, and she gave you her body. When I felt that through my connection to her I came and saw what you did. I thank you for fulfilling her last request before she is eventually reformed." "Your welcome." I said. "Now." Hestia said. "Since you helped my friend, I will help you. As you are now, demigods, hunters, and monsters will attack you. However the demigods and hunters will not if I adopt you as a daughter in this form. It will only affect this form, and will allow you to summon food and enhance your control over fire as well as mark you as safe, at least to demigods and hunters, if unconsciously." "Alright." I said. "Thanks." "Your welcome." She said. "Though you do need to pick a name for this form." After thinking about it I decided on the name Persephone Jackson, in honor of the wife of Hades. After telling Hestia she placed her hand on my forehead, and started speaking in Ancient Greek: Έχω Εστία, ελληνική θεά της εστίας, το σπίτι, το δικαίωμα παραγγελίας της οικιακής ζωής και της οικογένειας, αποφασίζει να εγκρίνει την Περσεφόνη Τζάκσον ως πρωτότοκη κόρη ημίθεος μου. Which I somehow understood as: I Hestia, Greek goddess of the Hearth, Home, the right ordering of domesticity, and family hereby adopt Persephone Jackson as my firstborn demigod daughter. I suddenly felt a rush of energy flow through me, as my control over fire, which like all my new kitsune powers were instinctive, increase greatly, and I could feel new powers as well. "Thank you... mother." I said. "Your welcome daughter." She replied. End Flashback While the fury Mrs. Dodds was in shock I sprung forward, my claws tearing into her as I used my teeth to bite her head off and turn her into dust, since I could not use my fire inside the building without property damage. I then coughed out the dust in disgust. Biting is one of my main attacks as a kitsune, but still monsters still taste disgusting. So I summoned some homemade juice to wash the taste out of my mouth. Luckily, mother (Hestia) gives me one present every year on my birthday. So about four gifts, and the first one is a necklace that when i become a kitsune changes into a collar made from celestial bronze with a spell embedded in it that makes it so that if I kill a monster within five minutes of it seeing me change forms, then it loses those memories when it reforms, keeping my secret safe. The other three gifts was one, being taught how to use my tails as weapons, two, a bag that would disappear when I change, and reappear wherever I am when I change back, even if I don't have it with me when I change, and finally I got a bright red bow that when i wear it makes me be able to set myself on fire instead of just my tails and mouth. I quickly changed back, and left, passing, Mr. Brunner on the way. He appeared quite surprised to see me, but I was to busy trying to figure out why the fury had attacked me when i was human to stop. When I made it outside I saw Grover sitting next to the fountain with a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her ugly friends. When she saw me, she said "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butt." Now I'm no idiot, I know about the mist, so I just rolled my eyes, and walked away. I walked up to Grover, before deciding that I wanted to tease him by asking him where Mrs. Dodds is. He said "Who?" Which I expected. But he paused first, and he wouldn't look at me, so I realized that he knew, and from his actions was not a clear-sighted mortal. I decided to keep my eye on him and try to trip him up later. Though why they be interested in my mortal form, unless this form is a demigod? But the scent is mortal. Disgustingly mortal at that. Something is going on, and I will find out what. Hope you enjoyed the story. Also there is a poll for the pairing, I personally hope for Artemis, Bianca, or Mrs. O'Leary. If it is Bianca or Zoe then they will not die in the third book. And the pairing will not be Annabeth. Also after every cannon book Persephone will have earned another tail meaning after the battle against Kronos she will automatically be a goddess. Since kitsune with nine tails are said to be able to manipulate time, she will be the goddess of Foxes and Time, as well as others which I need your help for. In your review please leave a list of domains and a number between four and ten, this will be the number of total domains Persephone will have, and the list will be used to pick the last domain titles as a poll. Thank you.