identical glare yet a hint of jealousy. And I know exactly why. Piper likes Dylan. Dylan is with Reyna. If Reyna breaks up with him to be with me, she'd have a better chance at getting him to pay attention to her. All we have to do is pretend to go out. Am I seriously thinking that this will work? Yeah, guess I am. This can go wrong in so many ways. Since when am I scared of taking risks? Is it worth it? I glance back at Reyna and a nostalgic memory pops up in my mind. We're seven years old, and I'm smiling at the black haired girl who's laughing as I help her build her sandcastle during recess. Her hair is tied up into two pigtails and her eyes are filled with determination as we keep building the castle. I know that girl is still there, somewhere. I just have to get her back. All I need to do is convince Piper to help me. I blink twice and realize that Reyna has walked away and Piper is walking away too. I panic. I need to act fast. "Piper, wait!" I call out. She turns around and narrows her eyes, letting me walk up to her. "What do you want?" "Can I have a minute with you - alone?" She blinks twice, confused and looks between Annabeth and me. She seems to be hesitating until she finally says, "Okay, let's go." I nod and proceed to lead the way, outside the cafeteria and into the silent hallway. I turn around and stop to see Piper with her arms crossed and a bored look on her face. "So?" I bite my lip. "So? What do you want then, Sparky?" Piper huffs. "I want Reyna back," I tell her, ignoring the cringeworthy nickname. Seriously? Sparky? That sound like a dog's name. She rolls her multi-colored eyes. "In case you haven't noticed, I hate her guts and she hates mine. She's not exactly going to take my advice." "I don't need you to give her advice. I want to make a deal with you." "What am I gonna get out of it?" "We both want the same thing, Pipes." Piper rolls her eyes again before tucking a choppy strand of her dark hair behind her ear. "Don't call me Pipes. And I could care less about you and Reyna." "Not about Reyna and I. About you and Dylan." She stiffens up, and glares at me. "What does he have to do with this?" "You like him." "No, I don't," she lies. "It's obvious, Piper. Don't even try to lie about it," I roll my eyes and quickly continue before she can interrupt. "Look, the point is, you don't like the idea of him and Reyna dating either." "So?" "Do you wanna break them up?" "I'm not going to help you sabotage your ex-girlfriend's relationship!" I frown. "It isn't exactly sabotage . More like...make them jealous." "What are you trying to say, Jason?" "You like him. I like Reyna. Reyna absolutely hates you and has always been the jealous type." "And?" "You and I are going to make them jealous by pretending to date," I explain. "We're going to act like the perfect poster couple. Once Reyna realizes that she still likes me, she'll break up with Dylan and we'll be back together. And Dylan's definitely attracted to you from what I had seen before. So after we 'break up', he'll realize that he likes you and everyone will be happy. Deal?" "This doesn't make any sense! I'm not going to ruin Dylan's relationship just because I like him! I'm not psycho!" "We're not ruining anything. We're gonna get them to realize who they actually like." Piper crosses her arms. "And how do you know that she still likes you? And that Dylan likes me?" "You'd have to be an idiot to not realize what Dylan feels for you. He just doesn't know it yet because Reyna is...Reyna. And I know Reyna still likes me. She's liked me since we were seven years old. Those feelings don't just fade away." "I...I don't know. It's just...weird." "All we have to do is pretend to date. It's like acting, except our stage is a bit more...extended. And if it doesn't work, then we just pretend to break up. It's not like we're going to have to actually date. I don't feel anything like that for you, and I'm a hundred percent sure you don't either." Piper bites her lip, which I oddly can't look away from. "We're going to pretend to be a couple. So I'm basically going to have to be your girlfriend." I narrow my eyes at her tone. "What's wrong with that?" "You're kind of a cocky goody two shoes, Jason." "And you're an immature bitch." "Thanks." "You started it." "This is not going to work. Forget it." Piper turns and starts walking away from me. I panic and jog up to her. Damn it, she's fast. "Wait, Piper!" "Forget it, Jason!" "Look! We can make this work!" She stops and turns around. "How?! We're total opposites!" "Look, you're the only girl who can help me. Reyna hates you, Dylan likes you. We can do this, Pipes." "Really? Pipes?" "Come on. Please?" Piper hesitates. "What if we just ruin everything?" "We won't." "But-" "Pipes, we got this." She stares at me for a few seconds before nodding. I can't help but grin at her. "Yeah, then?" "Yeah, okay. I'll pretend to be your girlfriend." Lol, I'm so excited for this story. I'm even more excited than I was before when I started Mixed Feelings haha. Well, you should review :) QOTC: Who was your favorite character in PJO? (Not Heroes of Olympus, I mean the original PJO.) AND YOU CAN'T PICK PERCY EITHER! Mine was probably either Nico or Luke...lol I have a thing for bad boys with messed up backgrounds. Gah, I miss Luke :( SCREW YOU, RIORDAN. ~maybeitslaiba~