back. "I remember you!" "You're too stupid to remember anybody," Annabeth taunted. "Much less Nobody." I hoped to the gods she was already moving when she said that, because Polyphemus bellowed furiously, grabbed the nearest boulder (which happened to be his front door) and threw it toward the sound of Annabeth's voice. I heard the rock smash into a thousand fragments. For a terrible moment, there was silence. Then Annabeth shouted, "You haven't learned to throw any better, either!" Polyphemus howled. "Come here! Let me kill you, Nobody!" "You can't kill Nobody, you stupid oaf," she taunted. "Come find me!" Polyphemus barreled down the hill toward her voice. Now, the "Nobody" thing wouldn't have made sense to anybody, but Annabeth had explained to me that it was the name Odysseus had used to trick Polyphemus centuries ago, right before he poked the Cyclops's eye out with a large hot stick. Annabeth had figured Polyphemus would still have a grudge about that name, and she was right. In his frenzy to find his old enemy, he forgot about resealing the cave entrance. Apparently, he didn't even stop to consider that Annabeth's voice was female, whereas the first Nobody had been male. On the other hand, he'd wanted to marry Grover, so he couldn't have been all that bright about the whole male/female thing. I just hoped Annabeth could stay alive and keep distracting him long enough for me to find Grover and Clarisse. I dropped off my ride, patted Widget on the head, and apologized. I searched the main room, but there was no sign of Grover or Clarisse. I pushed through the crowd of sheep and goats toward the back of the cave. Even though I'd dreamed about this place, I had a hard time finding my way through the maze. I ran down corridors littered with bones, past rooms full of sheepskin rugs and life-size cement sheep that I recognized as the work of Medusa. I stopped at a room and saw a girl around my age with raven black hair and sea green eyes filled with hate, frustration and anger. I stared at her In complete silence until she rolled her eyes at me and said, 'Are you going to stare at me or are you going to help get me out of these chains. I hesitated, wary at first before I decided that she was a fellow demigod in need of help and used riptide to cut her loose. The only thank you I got was 'nice sword', but that's just how it is in demigod world. She followed me down a corridor where we found collections of sheep T-shirts; large tubs of lanolin cream; and wooly coats, socks, and hats with ram's horns. Finally, we found the spinning room, where Grover was huddled in the corner, trying to cut Clarisse's bonds with a pair of safety scissors. "It's no good," Clarisse said. "This rope is like iron!" "Just a few more minutes!" "Grover," she cried, exasperated. "You've been working at it for hours!" And then they saw me. "Percy?" Clarisse said. "You're supposed to be blown up!" "Good to see you, too. Now hold still while I—" "Perrrrrcy!" Grover bleated and tackled me with a goat-hug. "You heard me! You came!" "Yeah, buddy," I said. "Of course I came." "Where's Annabeth?" "Outside," I said. "But there's no time to talk. Clarisse, hold still." "Lara?" Grover seemed to be staring at the girl now known as Lara in pure shock. "Yeah I'm alive. Why are you guys here?" Judging by the look on her face, our expressions must have created a solemn atmosphere. I decided to be the first to tell her, "Luke poisoned Thalia's tree. We came for the fleece." "Son of a bitch!" she exclaimed. "I pacifically told him not to. We could bring Thalia back without poisoning her. We didn't need to persuade Chiron to give us a quest. This isn't what should have happened. If that Cyclops hadn't smashed my boat, Thalia would be alive right now and none of this would have happened." I decided to stop her there. "What do you mean Thalia would be alive now?" "You guys don't know? The fleece won't just cure her from the poison, but would bring her back to human form. Luke told me the day that she died that if we got a quest the golden fleece would bring her back. I told him that it was mad and that Chiron would never allow it. He said that he would poison Thalia's tree and then he'd get a quest. I told him that it was ridiculous and that to even consider putting Thalia in harm's way again was malicious. He wouldn't budge. He was serious. I told him that we didn't need a quest and on the next day I sneaked out of camp and you know the rest." She waited for us to take this all in. "Why did he wait to poison her now then?" I asked. "Because he wants to use Thalia as his advantage with one of the children of the Big three." Grover answered. "Why would he need her though?" Lara asked. "Kronos has raised and the Great prophecy has begun." I answered. Ignoring us all, Clarise asked me to cut her loose. I uncapped Riptide and sliced off her ropes. She stood stiffly, rubbing her wrists. She glared at me for a moment, then looked at the ground and mumbled, "Thanks." "You're welcome," I said. "Now, was anyone else on board your lifeboat?" Clarisse looked surprised. "No. Just me. Everybody else aboard the Birmingham ... well, I didn't even know you guys made it out." I looked down, trying not to believe that my last hope of seeing Tyson alive had just been crushed. "Okay. Come on, then. We have to help—" An explosion echoed through the cave, followed by a scream that told me we might be too late. It was Annabeth crying out in fear.