leaving me on the ground Annabeth's POV I leaned over and kissed Percy, making him grin. We were laying on the top bunk if one of the beds. My head was on his bare chest, his arm around my shoulder. "Your lips taste like salt water" I said "Well I had some pretty salty fries earlier" I laughed "What?" He asked sitting up "I think it's because you're dad's poseidon" "Oh, I never thought of that" "Of course you didn't seaweed brain" He put his hand on his chest jokingly "What does that mean?" "It means you're not much of a thinker" "I'm not even going to say you aren't a thinker, because then I'd really sound stupid" I leaned forward and kissed him, but it was interrupted by a knock at the door "Hello? The slumber parties already have started" "Dang it" I whispered We both jumped off the bed and searched the floor for our clothing on the floor "Here's your shirt" Percy whispered, throwing it into my hands Once we were both dressed we opened the door to find Jason and Piper "Hey guys" I said Jason put his hand over his mouth, hiding his laughter. "You may want to brush your hair Annabeth, people may know" Piper said "You're too good Piper" I said I combed my hair with my fingers, then kissed Percy "See you later. Let's go Piper" I walked along with Piper. "So, you and Percy?" "Shut up!" I said, playfully punching her We were standing in front of the Aphrodite cabin when Madison ran up next to us, her shirt on backwards. Piper laughed "Is everyone having sex right now? Your shirt's on backwards" Madison's face blushed as she quickly turned her shirt around "I wish we could go to the boys' party" I said "I second that" Madison said "Oh and Madison, be prepared for some scrutiny. They always go after the new girls" She groaned "Of course they do" Piper stepped to the front door and opened it. We all walked in together. In a circle were about forty girls. Some were braiding each other's hair, painting each other's nails, doing each other's make-up. Drew looked up from her nails "Hey guys, glad you could join us" She smirked "Shut up Drew" Piper said "Whatever. Join the circle, we were just about to start boy talk" She clapped excitedly Piper, Madison, and I wedged our way into the circle. "So" Lacy said "What about that new Apollo camper. He's super cute" "I guess he's kinda cute, but he's so for you Lacy" Drew said Lacy smiled "What we really need to talk about is the new son of Zeus. Man is he smoking hot. I'm gonna flirt with him until he asks me out" "Excuse me" Madison said "He's my boyfriend" She looked at Madison, scanning her eyes up and down her body "He's your boyfriend? How did that happen?" "Maybe because I'm a good person and don't constantly judge people" Drew looked appalled "Who do you think you are new girl? I can get any guy I want" Piper stood up "You didn't get Jason" "Or Percy" I added in She huffed and rolled her eyes "This party blows" Madison said "I'm going to the boys'" Drew stomped her foot "You can't leave! It's against the rules" "Watch me" She walked to the door and exited "I'm going with her" I said, exiting the cabin Piper soon followed me out The three of us were walking to the Poseidon cabin where the boys' slumber party was taking place. Madison reached for the doorknob "Wait" Piper stopped her "Let's see what they're talking about" We silently walked and peeked through a window. The boys were sprawled out throughout the room. Some on beds, some on the ground. "So" Leo said, turning towards Percy "Have you and Annabeth had sex?" Percy had a pensive look on his face "I'm not saying" "Why?" Leo asked "Have something to hide?" Percy shook his head "I don't want to say something wrong" "What do you mean?" Jason asked "I'm afraid to answer. I may say something totally wrong and it will upset Annabeth. Not taking the risk" Leo grinned like an elf "Then why are you still dating her?" "Because I am. Take that answer" He laid back on the bed he was on "She's my girlfriend and I love her" Madison turned to me and nudged my arm. I could feel myself grinning from ear to ear. A few campers snickered at Percy's comment. Percy sprung up and swung his feet over the side of the bed "What's so funny about that?" "It's just, I didn't really think guys said stuff like that to their friends" A random camper said "I love Madison" Ryan said "I love Piper" Jason said The camper's smile faded "If anything we should be glad that we were lucky enough to find people we love" Ryan said "Sorry" The camper said "You guys are right" They started in on conversations about cheese-puffs "Watch this" Madison said A small ball of water formed over the lake and flew the window, splashing Leo on the back of the head. "Hey!" Leo said, turning towards Percy "What was that for?" Percy put his hands up in the air "It wasn't me, I swear" "Then who could it have been?" Ryan obviously knew it was Madison, because he was scooching out of Leo's eyesight. His hands were on his face, covering his smile. Leo must've come to the same realisation "Your new the sister, that hot girl!" Ryan looked towards the window and caught Madison's stare. He was doing everything to not laugh. Percy looked at Ryan and said "What the hell are you doing?" Madison, Piper, and I started cracking up. All heads turned towards the window where we were standing. "Damn girl. You're hot and fun" Leo said, walking to the window with puckered lips. "I'm right here" Ryan said