a smirk at her son's reflection, who seemed frozen stiff. Eventually, he shook his head. "Great Zeus... and people think I'M the crazy love god!" Somewhere on the ship, Percy woke up. The booming voice outside was unmistakably the roar of a god or goddess, which ordinarily meant trouble, except it was over hardly after it began. He rubbed his eyes and attempted to sit up - that is, as best as he could, what with his girlfriend sprawled over his chest. When he started to slowly stir, she murmured in protest, clinging him closer. "Stay..." she said sleepily. "Annabeth, something happened out there," Percy said in exasperation. "A think a god or something was yelling at someone..." "Coach Hedge," Annabeth murmured. "Heard his footsteps. Unmistakable." "Okay...? Well, is he all right? I probably should check-" Annabeth pulled him down before he could leave the bed. "Think for a second, Seaweed Brain, why would Coach Hedge be in trouble, if we didn't hear a struggle or him crying out?" "I-" "It was probably Aphrodite," she said nonchalantly. "Huh?" "You heard me. Anyway, wear these," Annabeth said, handing Percy some earplugs. "I borrowed them from Piper, and have been hanging on to them for the past few nights. I think we'll need them tonight." "Why?" Percy asked, completely lost. Annabeth smiled. "Oh, just a hunch." "Yes, yes, YES, FASTER, OH MY GODS, FASTER, PIPER!" Jason screamed, guiding Piper's hips as she rode him. She couldn't stop smiling in utter happiness, finally fulfilling her greatest fantasy. Just when Jason hit her sensitive spot while he ate her out, she screamed loud enough to awake the whole ship - if it wasn't for her mother's intervention. Jason, perhaps because he was lost in the moment or wasn't connected to the goddess of love, didn't seem to notice the booming voice outside their door. The only reason Piper didn't leap off her boyfriend in shock was because simultaneously, her mother's spoke in her mind. "Honestly, I never understood satyrs. They always chase my daughters, but they don't know anything about basic bedroom etiquette! Never mind the fool, sweetie. Just keep enjoying yourself. Your man won't notice anything's off. Have fuuuun~" Ordinarily, Piper would have been humiliated by her mother's brash manner, but for one thing, while your boyfriend is busy eating you out, it's hardly the time for exasperation toward one's parent. And for another, she was eternally grateful the alternative didn't occur. She didn't think she could live to see the light of the day ever again if Coach Hedge had knocked their door down while she, Piper McLean, stark naked, was sitting on her equally naked boyfriend's face. Thanks, Mom , she thought gratefully, and then allowed herself to succumb to pleasurable activities again... Thanks to their equal amount of pleasing one another, Piper was able to slide herself down Jason's shaft with no trouble at all. He had a flash of worry on his face moments before penetration, but Piper kissed him roughly, and quietly told him to relax. Let her take care of this. He then grinned sheepishly, and said, "As you wish, my goddess." Piper blushed and tried to dismiss the compliment, but he insisted. "I don't think there's a single mortal on Earth who could turn me on the way you can, Pipes," he said breathlessly. "Take me, my sweet goddess of love." Moments later, she was bucking her hips on top of him, effortlessly and roughly, feeling waves upon waves of pride and happiness threaten to overwhelm her entire being. Finally, she'd convinced her boyfriend to make love with her. Finally, she was taking the reins of love and not tiptoeing around barriers. Their walls were down, their insecurities laid out on the table, everything couldn't be more perfect. "I'm cumming, Jason!" she screamed, digging her nails into his shoulders. He reciprocated this action, clawing her lower back and ass cheeks. She cried out in encouragement, bucking her hips harder and harder, her voice growing louder and louder until at last... Eros was silent for a good while. Aphrodite, sipping the last of her nectar in triumph, turned to face his reflection in the fountain. "Well?" "… Not gonna lie, when you asked for my help, I was expecting to turn the boy into a sex maniac, not your own daughter. What was the reward exactly?" "All of my demigod children share two common traits," Aphrodite said smugly, smiling in the direction of her daughter, sleeping in her boyfriend's arms. "Stunning good looks, and a deep-rooted desire to inflame their lover's desires in bed. That, dear Eros, was her reward." AN: Thank you for reading! Also, please let me know how I did with these two, as I'm not as comfortable with their characters as I am with Percabeth. Or at the very least, I hope I created some satisfactory smut for your enjoyment. ^_^ Also: if you're wondering why Eros is confused, being the god of sexual desire and a son of Aphrodite, remember, Eros is a god and doesn't understand the way mortals work. Aphrodite is not only far older and experienced (hell, in most stories, she's the oldest Olympian god!), she is the goddess of romance as well. She watches and encourages relationships (for better or for worse), and her demigod children share some of her favorite traits and are among her favorite offspring over the ages. While Eros understands the passionate nature of sexual desire, he's not one to understand when the woman in the relationship can just as wild, if not more, than her partner. I suppose you could say he's a bit stuck in his time, hence his rather bitter attitude toward meeting Jason and talking with his mother. And yes, I'm aware that Eros was written here differently than Rick Riordan's aggressive version. What else is fanfiction for? :P Not to mention the Greek gods were versatile and interpreted in various ways. This was my way. Again, thanks for reading!