bet that he or she would probably give more answers than Piper and Annabeth and even Percy. "Not important" she said "now let's continue the tour shall we?" Annabeth persuaded "Wait" Reagan was starting to get frustrated they brushed off her questions and gave her answers that meant nothing "I need to know more none of this makes sense" "Wow you sound like Annabeth" Piper joked "I'll tell you more after the tour" Annabeth reassured "don't worry we'll have to go to the big house anyway" there it was. Another question that needed answering. But she decided to keep her mouth shut she would figure out what 'the big house' was later. After seeing the cabins Annabeth showed her the other activities there were at camp. There were some pretty strange ones. The rock climbing wall looked cool with the lava and all. They walked past a building where you could hear lots of clattering. Annabeth just continued past it like it wasn't even there but Reagan decided she would take a peek. The room was massive with tables and benches cluttered with scrap materiel. There was a girl in there who was trying to make some sort of contraption fly. "This is the forge" Annabeth uttered with a look of sadness. Reagan had always been pretty good at reading people but she couldn't figure out why Annabeth would be sad about a forge. Her eyes widened as she studied the things around her. It was amazing how well the things in here were built. She wondered silently who had made them. "The Hephaestus cabin made all this" she said reading Reagans mind. "They're very talented" Reagan declared tearing herself out of her mesmerized state. "Let's continue" she added exiting the building with Annabeth following close behind her. When the tour was done Annabeth led her towards a large farm house on the edge of camp where a man in a wheelchair was sitting. Piper suddenly appeared beside them and followed them towards the house. That must be the big house she thought as they approached it. "Hello Chiron" Annabeth said "this is Reagan" "Hi" "Oh hi" he said looking uncomfortable "let's take a walk shall we?" She looked slowly down to his wheelchair then quickly looked away not wanting to offend the man. "Annabeth go get Percy please" he added wiggling a little bit. Annabeth skittered away hopefully to find Percy. He emerged from the wheelchair suddenly. He looked normal. From the waist up that is. From his torso instead of legs there was well horse. "Your a centaur" Reagan thought out loud "You are correct" he smirked "oh look there's Annabeth and Percy, we better get going then". She followed him unsure with Piper close behind. "Don't be afraid" Piper said "he's not like the centaurs from the storys" Reagan relaxed a little but she still had her doubts. The situation reminded her of all those books and movies where the enemy plays nice but doesn't tell the hero anything until it's too late. But in this case Reagan wasn't a hero so it probably wouldn't work out for her in the end. These people seemed nice though. It was hard to believe they would try and kill her. The. There was the topic of the other demigod. The one nobody seemed to be able to talk about… she was pulled out of her thoughts by Chiron "So any questions?" "Lots" I said "I mean about the camp rules" Annabeth leaned towards me "He just explained the camp routine" she whispered. That was her ADHD acting up again. Man it was annoying. "Right er…nope, no questions" she said "Alright then you can stay in the Hermes cabin until your fully claimed" Reagan made a look of disgust. There was no way she wanted to stay with the children of the god of thieves. "I know what your thinking" Percy exclaimed "but they aren't as bad as they seem" for a second she thought Percy was one of them but his expression said otherwise. And so did his sea green eyes. "So why did you call us here?" Piper asked directing my attention back towards Chiron "I want you to make her feel welcome since you guys are around her age" She could tell by Annabeths face that wasn't the only reason but she let it go. They led her away from the hill and towards the Hermes cabin. "Alright so I would keep everything you own close and don't let anyone touch you" Annabeth rolled her eyes. "I can take your stuff if you want" she said sympathetically seeing Reagan's obvious discomfort. She nodded thankfully and handed her tote to Annabeth. She slowly walked into the cabin seeing a lot of children and some teens on the ground. There was one space against the wall beside a girl who looked about 8 years old. "Hi" she whispered as she sat down. The little girl looked at Reagan for a while before answering. "Hello" she said shyly "I'm Zealia" "Nice to meet you Zealia. I'm Reagan" she announced. "How long have you been here?" She asked "Only a few days" Zealia said "I'm still kind of confused I'm not the smartest 8 year old out there" "Don't worry" she said "I'm still confused and I'm 15". The young girl smiled and lays own in her makeshift bed. Reagan lied down to ready to go to sleep. It had been a long day she would have to figure out more tomorrow A/N I am pa-the-tic! Wow! This goes to anyone who read my story before. Like wow! I was begging for reviews in a way that wasn't even subtle. I feel really bad now. Wow! (BTW I used to be EmmyLovesRoss) Well I anyways it takes a while to write this so updates won't be to often. Tell me if this chapter was too long it was almost 4,000 words! Leo comes in, in a few chapters so don't worry.