a sparring match, let alone the middle of a mortal class. Plus side, at least Hermes couldn't use his godly powers either. I managed to hold my own but only barely. Our fight was fast paced and brutal. True we were only using the same practice swords as everyone else, but we both treated it as we would a real fight. I was more exhausted and happy then I remembered being in a very long time. Our fight lasted until he got a phone call a few minutes before class ended. We both paused when Martha spoke. Lord Hermes, we have Zeus on the line for you... Oh and hello again Percy. I smiled and gave a wave as the god of messengers frowned. "Tell him I will call him back." I don't know if that's such a good idea. Remember what happened last time? He made sure that the council meeting went on for 37 hours straight. It took you months to catch up. "Yes I remember George." The god of thieves frowned and turned to look at me. "I have to take this." I nodded. It sucked that class was cut short. I liked spending time with him. He had always been one of my favorite gods. "No worries, I will see you next class." He gave me a smile before he went to dismiss the rest of the students early. It's not polite to ignore us. I shook my head to dispel my thoughts and turned back to Martha and George. "Sorry. I didn't mean to. I was distracted." We could tell. Be nice George. I smiled, "So how are you guys doing? It's been a while." We are well thank you. Your correct, I believe the last time we saw you was when you rescued us from that horrible giant. Humm... yes it was. I remember there being a lot of tasty rats that day. Do you happen to have any now? "Sorry, I don't have any rats on me." That's a shame. They're delicious. Now George, if you keep asking for rats he's going to think that's all you want from him. I laughed and shook my head in amusement. "That's alright. I will bring you guys some next time." I was surprised that I had not seen George and Martha since Hermes had been teaching. His phone was usually ringing off the hook. I still couldn't even fathom how he found the time to teach my gym class every day. I felt my eyes widen as something occurred to me. If I couldn't get answers from the god, maybe I could get them from someone else. "Hey, do you guys know why Hermes is teaching a gym class? I can't figure it out." I heard Martha's hissing laughter. It's rather obvious Percy. "What is?" You really don't know? Hermes... "You're free to head home Percy." I glanced back at Hermes. He looked livid but his anger didn't seem to be directed at me. I think you made the boss angry George... "I'm sorry, I..." I wasn't sure where I was going with my apology but it didn't matter as it was cut off. "It's okay Percy. Now if you'll excuse me..." Good-bye Percy. I waved farewell and he gave me a quick smile as he turned away. As the door closed behind him I heard George say, We were only trying to help... ΩΩΩ It had been a week since Halloween and I had yet to see Hermes again. Gym just wasn't as fun with a substitute. I was over at Annabeth's house. Her dad had recently gotten a job in New York. Both of us were incredibly excited when her family moved from here from San Francisco. No one liked their best friend living clear across the country. Plus it was so much easier to go to her for advice when we didn't have to worry about having enough drachmas... "I just wish I had thought to ask a little bit sooner. He was just about to tell me!" The daughter of Athena rolled her eyes and laughed. "It really is obvious sea-weed brain." I sat up from my spot on her bed. "Why does everyone keep saying that?" "Because it is?" "Then why don't you tell me?" "Just think Percy, you can figure it out." I pouted. "Please Annabeth?" Wisdoms daughter frowned at me. "You really don't know?" I shook my head and she sighed. She looked like she was just about to give in to the 'baby seal face' when her dad came in. She immediately seized the opportunity to turn her back to me, "Hey dad." So close... "Hey honey. I just came to see if you needed anything." I did my best not to roll my eyes. Any time I came over he made sure to stop in to ask us about 7 times. "No, were good thanks." He nodded. "Okay, just making sure." When he left he made sure to leave the door wide open. I shook my head. "He does know I'm gay right?" Annabeth sighed. "Ya, but he doesn't believe it. I made the mistake of telling him you though Calypso was beautiful and now he's positive that you're just pretending." I scoffed, "That's stupid. Just because I don't like girls in that way, doesn't mean I can't think they're pretty. You can think someone is attractive without being attracted to them." She laughed, "I know. He's just worried about me. That's all." I smiled at her. I knew how much their relationship meant to her. Her father had been so distant for so long that it was nice to know that they got along again. She glanced at the door once more before she turned back to me. She looked at me for a few moments before she shook her head. "I'm not going to tell you Percy. You either figure it out or get Hermes to tell you." I groaned. "You're mean." "I know."