totally going to do this mission. "Because Bianca is at the party." "I'd love to see my older sister in pain, she deserves this…" That was a lie, that was a bold-faced lie. Bianca never shut up about prom! She was so, so happy that her crush was taking her. Bianca never stopped gushing about her dress with Numbuh 79 and she filled their ears with every little detail about her perfect night. His mission would ruin it. "Because you know it isn't right." What wasn't right exactly: Emailing all social media accounts to teenagers' parents, grounding them for like ever or pelting the party with the smoke bombs filled with the highly contagious acne virus. It would ruin prom week and possibly graduation. That was the mission. This was justice for everything. His name would go down in KND history. So what if he was sympathetic. "Because you don't want too." And if he didn't? So, what then? Nico scoffed. He didn't reopen his iPad. "I want to see Iron Man 2." "Your wish is my command," the teen said dryly. He'd think about it. The lights dimmed. The movie played. The food was eventually brought, and Nico pushed his mission objective to the corners of his mind. It was his first mission, the only mission that he went against orders and failed to complete. Eventually, Nico fell to sleep. Meatball lightly smeared around his lips, his head rested on Percy's shoulders. A quilt covered him. The beginnings of Iron Man 3 played in the background. Percy slipped the tablet out of Nico's hands. It was easy enough to guess the password. He went straight to the Skype Chat where he video-called contact "Numbuh 13." It took a few moments, but Jason popped up on grainy screen mountains of paperwork surrounded him. His glasses slipped halfway down his nose. It looked as if he hadn't slept in months. "Hey man, you look…" "Like death." "I was going to say like you fought with the sand man and lost, but yours works too." Jason gave him a dry look. He was never one for jokes. Jason pushed up his glasses, yawning. Another hand was used to signal him to speak. Percy glanced down at Nico. "He failed. He didn't take the bait." This got Jason's attention, he perked right up as if Leo's famous Coffee Energy Drink tonic was injected into his veins. "Wha–how could he not–what did you—?!" "Shh, he's sleeping right next to me!" Percy shifted the camera, so, Jason could see a sleeping Nico. "I don't know what happened, dude. He was doing well in all his reports, and he passed the prison test with flying colors, he just… he couldn't take the final plunge." Jason furrowed his eyebrows, his lips thinned. He had the face like he very much wanted to say something, but he couldn't, or he wouldn't. "Report on my desk by tomorrow evening, 007." "Yes, sir. Anything else?" There it was again, like Jason wanted to say something but he decided against it. "No 007, you are dismissed." "Night!" The screen blinked back to the original skype dashboard. Percy clicked the home-button, and slid the tablet back where it belonged. A sigh escaped Percy, his fingers tangled in Nico's hair. He shifted to find a better position where they both could lie down. "You were so close," he whispered to Nico. "You didn't have to grow up, just like me." It's the type of night where sleeping is impossible. There are empty glasses of warm milk all over the floor with residue honey dotting the edges. He's counted over a hundred sheep and he has squeezed his eyes shut so tight that when he opens them he sees a kaleidoscope of dizzying colors. He has tried every sleeping trick in the gosh-darn book. He blinks at his faded glow-in- the dark stickers for minutes, his legs kicking restlessly under his covers before he climbs out of bed. His feet are sticky on the wood floors. He's careful in how he mazes through his room where he avoids the menacing dark bundles and small shadowed objects alike. He grins, victorious, when he makes it to his doorway. He peeks into hallways, left and right, are bright with nightlights. He goes left. He tiptoes past the many, many doors of his fellow operatives until he makes it to the end of the hallway. The door is open like always. He doesn't even need to step in to see fluorescent lights on the walls that remind him of the glow of the jellyfish floating lazily under the dark cover of the sea. He goes in. He shuts the door behind him and scurries to the bed. Other nights, he'd burrow deep within these covers that smell like the salt of the sea and the grit of sand and sweat. Tonight, he's hot and sticky and stays atop of the covers. The windows are wide open, there's no air that filters through. He swears if he stares hard enough he catches dark clouds in the distance that crackle with lightening, and if he's quiet enough he can the deep boom of thunder. "Can't sleep, Nico?" Percy's voice is rough with sleep. Percy's hand slips to find his arm where they begin to graze. Percy doesn't have faded stars on his ceiling. Just odd seashells and surfboards and little bits of memorabilia from all the battles won. Tomorrow there will be nothing on his ceiling. It will be like Percy never existed. "…Percy?" "mmhm?" he slurs, still half-asleep. I'm scared, he nearly says. Go rogue, run away. Don't leave me, please. I don't want for tomorrow to come. The words, like spikes, are lodged in his throat. It makes it hard to breathe. "…hey, whatever it is, it'll be fine," Percy says, he shimmies closer. His hand never stops moving on his arm. Except it's not. It won't be. "Tell me a bedtime story," he says. Percy does.