ask?" "I think I have figured some things out." she muttered. He began to look away and she called, "Percy- I." She mustered up the last bit of courage and kissed him. His lips were soft and the feeling in her stomach grew. It felt good, right, but there was something missing. Annabeth was confused, was this love? They broke apart and Percy looked away. "What's wrong?" she questioned. "Do you not feel this way about me?" He chuckled sadly. "I do. Annabeth-" he paused, "Annabeth, I have fallen hopelessly in love with you but, I cannot say the same for you." Annabeth began to retort, but he held his hand up. "I know you. Do not try to trick yourself into a love you are not fully committed too. I know you may think you feel the same way about me, but you do not. You are hoping by doing this you will be able to fall in love and escape a marriage you know you absolutely do not want to have with another man." They sat in silence: Annabeth in confusion and Percy in solemnness. He stood up. "I had been looking for you. I leave to return to my father. I have be away for a long time and it is about time I at least pay a visit. However, I can not be sure of how long I will be staying. As it may be, we are in similar positions about the inheritance of our kingdoms." He smiled. "I want you to fall in love with the right person, at the right time. Maybe Luke will be that person. It is what will make you happiest." Annabeth stood up as well and gave him a hug. What he had told her made sense. She didn't want to marry someone she didn't know, but she wasn't in love with Percy. "I'm sorry." Annabeth's eyes began to water. They had been so close for so long, it would be difficult to part. "For everything." Percy mumbled into her shoulder. "It is not your fault." 21 It had been two years. Two whole years! As soon as Annabeth saw him she was going to punch him. Sure he had written, but really, it had been way too long. A ship came into view of her telescope and she smiled. Only a couple more hours and she'd see her best friend. When the row boat came up to shore, Annabeth couldn't wait any longer. Despite her father's protest at wanting her to wait at the castle, she ran down to the beach to meet him. Only Percy wasn't there. It was his father. They had the same sea-green eyes and black windswept hair. His athletic build let her know he worked on the ship himself and didn't just let his crew do it. He looked very young, which was odd to her. "Annabeth?" the man questioned. She knew that voice. Annabeth could not have forgotten it. "Percy!" she gaped. "You're so-" she gestured vaguely. "You look beautiful." he said confidently. She felt a blush coming on her face, which was weird because it was just Percy. "Not so bad yourself. I thought you were your dad." He laughed and oh- her heart ached from missing him. He opened his arms and she ran into them. Percy smelled of saltwater and he had grown taller. The feeling in her stomach had come back. "Where is your husband?" he questioned lightly, but she knew it was hard for him to ask. For some reason, it made her happy to respond. "That never happened. My parents agreed to let me wait a few more years." What Annabeth didn't tell him was that her parents had noticed her "mopey" attitude after Percy had left. They thought it was because she was in love with him, and let her wait until Percy returned. Now Percy was back and she didn't know how much longer she could hold off her parents. "That is very generous of them." he said, seemingly happier. They walked along the beach, talking and catching up. It had gotten to be dusk when they realized how late they'd been out. "I can make it back quicker." she bet Percy. "Not anymore. My growth spurt has given me- certain advantages." The two friends raced back along the beach, acting like their younger selves. "I was first." she claimed, out of breath. "You were not." Annabeth ran into the serf, not caring about her dress. It felt good to stand there in the water. Percy followed her into the water and they watched the sunset like they had years ago. A wave suddenly knocked into Annabeth and caused her to topple into Percy's arms. He held them there until the wave had passed. "Thank you." she said a little breathlessly, looking up at him. He smiled at her and her heart began to pound. "How do you know when you're love?" she asked him. Percy's smile wavered. "First, it starts in your stomach. You can't get the feeling to leave. Then it starts in your mind. You can't stop thinking about that person." he paused, Annabeth had started laughing. She had figured it out "What? I am serious." "I know. Then it is in your heart. You can feel it. Percy. I get it now. You were the one who brought me back each time I ran away. You brought me on the best adventure I could ever ask for. But there is nothing that can compare to that fact I love you." He smile warmed her to her toes. He leaned down kissed her. It was a proper kiss, not one full of regret, one full of passion. This was love. 22 She decided that she would have to get used to the fancy dresses, now that she was queen. There were lots of beautiful dresses she had worn throughout the years, but this was her favorite. This time, Annabeth's dress was white.