letter from the gods themselves. With a clear of his throat, Hermes began. " To all, in celebration of the second defeat of Gaea and the victory of the gods and their children, Olympus have decided to host a grand party this Sunday at 6 p.m. in the evening. " He paused briefly as he waited for the loud cheers coming from the demigods to subside. " All guests are required to wear formal clothes like suits and dresses, including the Hunters of Artemis. " At this, murmurs broke among them and Thalia and the rest of the Hunters as well as Clarisse shrieked in shock and disbelief while the girls at Aphrodite cabin squealed in delight. As for Piper, as soon as she heard that they need to wear formal clothes, she immediately groaned. "My lord, why are we being told to wear a dress?" One Hunter asked nervously. At this, Hermes shrugged. "I don't know." He said with a smirk. "Ask Aphrodite. It's her idea." This time, Piper groaned again and banged her head against the table. Percy sighed. Knowing Aphrodite, the love goddess got something planned. He looked at Annabeth and his thoughts wandered to his girlfriend wearing a beautiful dress, making him blushed a bit. Suddenly, Hermes cleared his throat once more to gain their attention. " Furthermore, the remaining Six along with Nico di Angelo and Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano are being requested by Lady Aphrodite to come to her palace six hours prior to prepare them for the party. " He continued. I knew it. Percy thought with a groan. He glanced at Piper, who for the second time since the announcement was made, banged her head against the table. Meanwhile, he looked at Annabeth to see her looking nervous. He couldn't blame the two girls though. The thought of Aphrodite doing a make-over for them is just as bad as fighting Tartarus. " Lastly, each demigod in both camps will get an official invitation letter in the morning to be shown to the doorman at the Empire State Building lobby. The Olympian council are hoping that everyone can make it on time as this is only a one in a lifetime event. Regards, Olympian Council #1 Zeus " Hermes finished. The two gods soon left after that, with Apollo still sobbing. Meanwhile, the demigods clustered around the campfire as they discussed the recent announcement. "This is bad! Really bad!" Piper moaned beside Jason and buried her head in her hands. "Honey, what's bad about it?" Drew said from her left. "Just imagine all those hot guys wearing suits! It'll be amazing!" She drooled a bit as she said this. Meanwhile, Annabeth spoke in hushed tones with Percy. "What do you think? Will I look good?" She asked with a hint of nervousness. Percy frowned. "What are you saying? Of course you'll look good!" He said. "Even without Aphrodite's help, you'll always be beautiful." He smiled and kissed her softly. That was the truth. To him, Annabeth was the most prettiest demigoddess he met. In fact, he preferred her natural beauty, as it shows her true self. "I hope so." She muttered and leaned on his shoulders. "I feel sorry for Piper though. It seems that she hasn't still recovered from last year's incident." "You mean the one where she was claimed by her mother. Complete with make-up and dress." He smirked as he remembered how Jason had thoroughly described Piper's look. "Jason Grace! If you ever mention that incident again, I'm breaking up with you!" Piper suddenly shrieked loudly before storming off, Jason following her and apologizing earnestly. Around them, the demigods chuckled. Apparently, Jason had just reenacted his expression when Piper was claimed. Meanwhile, on one side, Thalia and her Hunters were debating on whether they should risked Artemis' disappointment by not showing up to join her in her most embarassing moment, since she will be wearing a dress too, or risked the gods' wrath by castrating every male who so much as smile in their direction. "It seems that some girls are not really excited to wear a dress." Percy mused. Annabeth snorted. "You can't blame them. Especially the Hunters." She said. Then she yawned. "I'm tired." She mumbled. Percy smiled. He glanced at her and in the light provided by the bonfire, he could see just how much beautiful his girlfriend is. "Come on. Let me take you back to your cabin." He said and offered his hand. Annabeth took it as she stood up before they started to walk away, her head leaning against his shoulder once more. As they made their way to the Athena cabin, Clarisse's howl pierced through the night. "I DON'T WANT TO WEAR A DRESS!" So, how's that for the first chapter? I hope I portrayed the characters very well! :D Now I said in my beta profile that I do not support yaoi. HOWEVER, that doesn't mean I do not support canon pairings. Hence, the Solangelo scenes in this chapter. XD Oh, and I have nothing against the gay community. Just saying. :D Anyway, I have something to say regarding the dresses. Since I'm kinda lazy to think of a good design(formal clothes are totally not my forte XD), we'll be having a contest. Just like my Pacific Rim fanfic, I will let you, the readers, submit your entry. Basically, you'll choose whatever dress you wish to see the demigodesses and goddesses wear on that party. Please be reminded that detailed descriptions are required OR a picture itself. Deadline is exactly 14 days from now, meaning you'll have to wait two weeks for the next update. You could send your submissions via the reviews or through PMs. :) Note that ONLY three of the very best ideas for each female characters will be chosen. So you will have to use your imagination to the fullest. Anyway, that's it for now. Hope you have enjoyed this chapter! :D Please Read & Review! Until next time!