Gwen's eyes widened, and she gripped Reyna's hand. "Tell her yourself, Praetor. You are going to get better." Reyna laughed, even weaker this time. "Doesn't... feel that way." Gwen glared at her. "Just stop. Stop. Don't think that way. You're going to get better. You're going to be back on your feet and ordering Octavian to shut up in no time." Reyna squeezed Gwen's hand back. "Thank you for that." Then her eyes drifted shut. The next day, Hylla is called into Circe's office. I don't see her until dinnertime. When she comes back, she is... different. Her eyes seem harder. Whatever innocence she still had, it's gone now. "Listen, Reyna," she says as she sits next to me. "What I said about Dad yesterday... It's still true. He was a good man. But I know now..." Her eyes close off. "Daddy was the exception to the rule, okay?" she told me. "We got lucky, having him, even..." She chokes on air. "Even if it was only for a little while. But most men are like the one Circe showed you. They seem nice at first, but they really aren't. The things Circe showed me... The things men do to us..." Hylla closes her eyes, looking upset. "Don't cry, Lala!" I say, holding her hand. "Circe keeps us safe." Hylla smiles and looks at me. "I'm not crying, kiddo," she says. "I know Circe keeps us safe. I'm just glad you won't have to face the things Circe showed me." I'm close to eight years old now. Mascara is no longer a mystery to me. Neither are skin cleansers, foundation, hair products, nail polish, eyeshadow, eyeliner, and lipstick. I'm a true attendant now. I help the older attendants to give our (female) spa guests manicures, pedicures, facials, and makeovers. Without exception, they always ooh and aah at how cute I am. I always giggle at their compliments. I'm still innocent - for now. And I still feel a tiny bit bad whenever I have to feed our male spa guests - the guinea pigs. After all, they're resigned to nasty pellets, while we eat gourmet meals. Aren't they humans like us, even if they've been transfigured into animals? Don't they deserve at least a decent salad ? I am nine, like Hylla was when Circe told her the truth about men. She shows the same truth to me. My innocence is gone. But it's for the best. I now know that men cannot be trusted, and knowledge is power. Circe is only protecting me by giving me that knowledge. That doesn't stop me from running into Hylla's arms that night. "Men... Boys... They all..." I sob into her shirt. "I know, Reyna, I know," Hylla says softly, rocking me back and forth. "Don't worry. This island keeps us safe." Eventually, I dry my tears and look at Hylla solemnly. "I will never trust a man," I tell her. "Not after what Circe showed me." I only wish I had kept that promise. I am ten-and-a-half. Circe tells me that I have the makings of a first-class spa attendant, and that soon I may even be able to give spa treatments on my own, without help. I always glow at her praise, but I don't giggle now. After being shown a glimpse of the real world, I'm not a little kid anymore. And I don't mind feeding the guinea pigs now either. I don't even feel a tiny bit bad that they used to be humans. After all, the things that Circe showed me last year have proved to me that those men in that cage - Blackbeard and his pirates - well, Circe was being generous by letting them stay alive as guinea pigs. I would have tortured them for days... and then killed them. Maybe that's just my mom's blood - Bellona, Roman goddess of war; Circe told me when I was eight - speaking up again. Still, I think Blackbeard should be grateful for Circe's kindness. He could be facing much worse now. The way he tries to bite me when I feed him convinces me that he doesn't feel the same way, though. The piggish pirate isn't even vaguely happy with his living conditions. People filed by her cot at all hours of the day and night, in between her battles and theirs. Sometimes she was conscious enough to talk to them, and sometimes she was too delirious to know that they were there. But Gwen always made sure to let her know that they had visited - that they had cared. Bobby. Dakota. Frank. Hazel. Countless other legionnaires. Leo. Percy. Will Solace, many times. Leo again, making her laugh even though she felt like crying. Hazel again, cheering her up with a funny story about Frank as a weasel. Even Annabeth, promising her that things were going well, and the gods really were helping now. They really had a chance. But the one boy who once would have been at her bedside day and night, keeping her spirits high and her happiness higher... He never showed. Reyna knew that he was busy fighting - everyone was busy fighting - but that was no excuse. Percy had come to see her, and he was the hardest worker out of all of them. He acted like he had to fight just as well as he had during the Battle for Manhattan - never mind the fact that he no longer bore the mark of Achilles. Forget that he was still half-exhausted from his time in Tartarus. He didn't care that he hadn't slept in two days. He fought with a strength and intensity that surpassed everyone else (or so the others told her, since he was far too modest to admit it himself). But even he had said hello on his only break - the break that had lasted less than an hour. No, Jason Grace had no excuse. Other than that he was a coward. Any thoughts?