for trying to help, it won't happen again." She didn't like feeling attacked. Avaline was one of those girls who could handle herself. She may have been small, but she was fast, and her movement were precise. And she was very fierce. The horn signaling meals was blown, giving her an excuse to leave. She stood up and looked down at the boy. Her face relaxed, remembering that he had recently been unconscious. "You should probably eat something." She offered him a hand. He took it, but as she walked away toward the pavilion, Killian stood in place for a while. 'Go ahead and sulk then,' she rolled her eyes. After joining the Hermes cabin in giving a portion of their food to the gods, Avaline really didn't understand how this was a good sacrifice, she was just about to dig in when she felt, rather than saw, something wrong. The air changed, and when she looked up, she noticed a crowd around the brazier. Listening to the Hermes kids at the crowded table, she gathered that the people standing at the fire were the members of the Hypnos cabin. One boy, short and rather fat, but seemingly with authority in the group, turned around and addressed the other campers. "Our food isn't burning." Killian regretted getting angry at Avaline. He realized she was only trying to help him, and he had verbally attacked her for it. He accepted her help in getting up for lunch. He closed his eyes to think his next words through carefully. It had always been hard for him to apologize. "… Sorry I was such a jerk to you…" he said in a quiet voice, but when he opened his eyes, Avaline was already on her way to the mess hall. Killian sighed before beginning his own trudge that way. Killian deposited some of his own food into the brazier, and sat down to eat alone at the Hades table; Nico was currently off at Camp Jupiter, hanging out with his sister. He was sipping at his Brisk tea, though it reminded him of stupid Jak, when Clovis made his announcement. After all of the drama the morning had offered, Charlie finished up in the infirmary and made his way back to the Apollo cabin to go to lunch. 'Gods, I'm hungry,' he thought, relishing the thought of a good salad. He and the rest of his siblings made their way to the Apollo table, and after sitting down, he got his salad. The campers began the routine of giving food to the gods, but the line stopped. Charlie looked up from staring at his delicious looking salad, his stomach now even more upset at the delay. At hearing Clovis's words, though, he forgot his hunger. Jak walked with Chiron slowly to the dining pavilion, explaining the day to the centaur as they went. Chiron had left his wheelchair on the porch of the Big House, saying he needed to stretch his legs for the day. Jak tried to cover everything, from the first time he had experienced the dream, to waking up and noticing he wasn't the only one to have it, to exploring the dream further, and of course, to his fight with Killian. Jak finished his story just as they had come to the pavilion. He saw his siblings already eating, having sacrificed portions of their food to his father. Every cabin was present, even Killian sitting by himself at the hades table. Despite the all you can eat, whatever you want, lunch, however, there seemed to be an air of unease as Jak walked up with Chiron. Many campers seemed confused and were looking at the newly arrived centaur for an explanation. Jak saw that a good number of them were staring back and forth between the brazier and the Hypnos cabin members, who looked exasperated. Curious, Jak stood with Chiron as Clovis, head of the Hypnos cabin and technically Jak's uncle, approached the activities director. Chiron listed to Jak as they walked, keeping an open mind with everything that Jak told him. He nodded his head every now and then to show his attention, but was thinking deeply and was somewhat troubled by the news of these events. He was about to address the issue of the fight with Killian when they arrived at the dining pavilion. "Well-" Chiron was cut off by the approaching Clovis. "Chiron, we've got a problem." Clovis said, seeming very nervous and unsure of what to do. Chiron yawned at the aura the boy put off, unable to help it. "The offering for Hypnos isn't burning." Chiron trotted over to the brazier and looked down, noting the food sitting in the fire unburned. A red-headed girl slowly made her way toward the dining pavilion, her head throbbing. It wasn't often that she interacted with the other campers, seeing glimpses of their futures every time she saw their faces was enough of a deterrent to stay away. She instead preferred the company of her friends, Percy, Annabeth, and the others, and she often had long talks with Chiron. Occasionally, she would join the multitude for meals, wanting to catch up on everybody's current events, but today was not one of those days. No, there was something else driving her to the other campers today. Gently massaging her temples, she strode into the center of the pavilion, drawing everyone's attention, even the distressed members of the Hypnos cabin. Rachel doubled over, a green haze gripping her body and mind. Then, she stood suddenly upright, her eyes now glowing a radiation green, signaling a new prophecy. Her voice rang out through the pavilion, resonating inside the campers' skulls as multiple people speaking together. "Beware brave campers, the hound in the dark; Hear its howl, fear its mark; Grave men who see with blinding sight; To dance with danger, to chance his might; With gods whose power never wanes; And binds them in eternal chains;" Rachel promptly collapsed.