apartment 4D his heart started to beat faster. Whoever's death he had just sensed was behind that door. He took a deep breath and tried the knob, surprised to find that it was unlocked. He stepped through the door and took in the state of the apartment. The sink was over flowing with dirty dishes and there was trash piled next to the over filled can. His eyebrows pulled together in confusion, what kind of person are they setting me up with? "Mommy? Come on Mommy, you have to wake up..." Nico's eyes widened at the child's voice. He walked down the hallway to a bedroom. Lying on the ground was a woman around the age of 25. There was a used needle on the dresser. A little boy around five years old was kneeling next to the body, shaking her arm. Nico's heart broke for the child. The woman was already dead. He stepped forward and the floor squeaked. The little boy turned around. He had tears running down his face. He jumped up and ran towards Nico. The little boy grabbed his hand. He looked up at him with pleading eyes. Nico looked down at the little boy, completely stunned. He found his body kneeling to the floor without his consent. He looked into tear-filled, sea-green, eyes. The messy black hair and tan skin of the child confirmed Nico's suspicions about the young child's father. Even without feeling the child's spirit Nico knew. He had never seen him at such a young age but the features were unmistakable. He took a shuddering breath and opened his connection to feel the boy's essence. The instant his mind brushed against the child soul Nico knew that he had been right. It had been decades since he had felt that soul but he would never forget it. The young boy sniffled, "Please, I need help. My Mommy won't wake up." Nico pulled the weeping child into his arms, "I'm so sorry piccolo. I cannot help her." The boy started shaking with his sobs and threw his arms around the god. The son of Hades was disturbed that at such a young age, the boy knew the truth without being told. Nico closed his eyes and tucked the small body against his, trying to protect him from the pain that he couldn't stop. Nico sat rocking the child in his arms, whispering calming words, until the boy fell asleep. Nico carried the sleeping child to the living room and laid him on the couch. He stood up to find a blanket for the boy but felt something tugging on his sleeve. The god looked down into pained eyes that held too much understanding for one so young. "Please don't leave me. I don't like being alone." The son of Hades blinked and sat back down. "I won't leave you alone, I promise." The little boy nodded and climbed into Nico's lap. He bit his lip and looked up at the young god. "Are you a friend of Mommy's?" Nico swallowed and brushed a lock of hair from the child's eyes, unable to answer the boy's innocent question. "My name is Nico, what is yours piccolo?" The child leaned his head against Nico's chest, "My name is Percy. Mommy... Mommy always said that as soon as my daddy saw me, he told her that was my name." Percy started to cry again. Nico wrapped his arms around the boy's small frame and pulled him close. The son of Hades was unsurprised by the name; of course Poseidon would name him Percy... He held him until the boy finally fell into a deep slumber. He set the boy on the couch once more and wrapped him in a blanket. He debated bringing the boy to Chiron immediately but decided against it. As much as it pained him to leave him there, he wanted Percy to have at least a small chance at a normal-ish childhood. He couldn't do that if he was at camp. The aura of innocence Percy gave off, even in sleep, made Nico want to protect him. Percy had clearly already seen too much in such a short life. The son of Hades did not want to send a 5 year old child to a camp where they would train him to fight. Nico knew that he couldn't protect him forever but he could spare him such knowledge for a few more years at least. Nico called the authorities. He waited with the small boy until he heard the sirens approaching. The son of the underworld tucked the blanket closer around the child's small frame and placed a kiss on the boy's forehead, "I will see you again piccolo." The young god of the underworld stepped back and flashed out just as the police arrived. ΩΩΩ He reappeared in a garden on Olympus. Somehow he was unsurprised to find Cupid waiting for him. The son of Hades ran a hand through his hair, trying to come to grips with what had just happened. The god of love smiled and walked over to his friend, "So what do you think of your gift?" Rather than playing his game, Nico asked the question that was burning in his mind. "How did you know that Percy Jackson had chosen rebirth?" Cupid shrugged, "My mother heard it from Ares who heard it from Thanatos. That's not what's important here..." Nico scoffed, "I disagree. I think it's quite important." The son of Hades closed his eyes and shook his head, "Just... tell me why." The older god gave him a sad smile. "This is your second chance at true love." The young god of the underworld gave Cupid a disgusted look, "He's a child!" The god of love brushed off Nico's reaction. "He won't always be. Give him another 12 years and you will see him differently." "What makes you say that?" Cupid gave him a surprisingly serious look, "Because I am the god of love."