with the flash from a camera reflecting in one of the many empty beer bottles that stood scattered in the captured scene. Next to headstones and flowers, various needles lay on the ground, some empty, some full and some clearly in use. But the main part of the photograph was a girl. She was lying on the floor amongst the needles and broken bottles, one eye half-open and one eye closed, clearly unconscious and in a stupor. Her mouth, which was slightly open, had a lock of hair caught in it and drool dried on her cheeks. Her skin was pale, unlike her hair, which was choppy and black and obscuring parts of her face. One arm rested on her chest. She was dressed as if she were at an underground party, an unknown punk band t-shirt and ripped jeans on her sprawled limbs, but the photograph was clearly taken outdoors. Annabeth sucked in a sharp breath. " Thalia ," She whispered, and leapt to her feet. "Percy, it's Thalia! It's her!" She shouted, no longer caring whether she was quiet or not. "She must be alive, she must be. She's posed for these pictures, she knew we would find them!" Percy felt like a lead weight was in her stomach. "Annabeth..." She tried. "Thalia's been missing for seven months. She..." Annabeth either ignored her, or just didn't hear. She was studying the photograph so intensely it was as if she were trying to transport herself to whenever it was taken. After a few minutes, she looked up. "Headstones, of course!" She said. "This was taken in the graveyard. I...I know that exact spot! I've been there!" She grabbed Percy's hand, and although she shouldn't have, all she could think was how soft her skin was. "Come on, we have to go find her!" Heart heavy, Percy let Annabeth drag her out of the church into the surrounding graveyard. "Here!" Annabeth said suddenly, dropping Percy's hand like it was poison. She knelt down. "There's nothing here." Percy said, perhaps a little stupidly. "Dig, moron." She told her, scraping at the earth frantically. Percy dropped down and did the same thing, scrabbling away at the dirt and stone. Her chest felt tight as they dug deeper, squinting in the darkness, their only source of light the dying glow of Annabeth's phone. Percy's fingers scraped against something soft, and she immediately recoiled. Unfortunately, before she could warn Annabeth, she'd pulled away the rest of the mud only to be met by a pungent smell. "Oh, god." Annabeth murmured, turning away and retching. Percy tried not to vomit, and crawled backwards in horror, anticipating what was coming next. Once she'd stopped retching, Annabeth held her breath and moved forwards again, seemingly not knowing what she was going to find. Percy's heart thumped in her chest, knowing exactly what the smell was but at a loss for words on how to break it to Annabeth. She'd grown desperate, retching and vomiting, curls falling into her face and tears streaming from her eyes as she practically battled with the dirt, tossing it behind her in huge handfuls as she dug up further and further. When it was finally revealed, Annabeth threw herself over the whole she'd dug, crying and throwing up and trembling in a despicable mixture of grief, horror and anger. Thalia Grace's dead body, decaying and maggot-infested, lay in the hole they'd just unearthed. Her mouth was slightly open, one of her eyes mid-blink and a variety of needles and beer bottles lay encased in dirt as she had been only moments ago. The smell of rotting flesh became all too strong and set Percy off too, so she grabbed Annabeth and forcibly pulled her away from the corpse, carrying her out of the graveyard. She kicked and shrieked hysterically, shouting Thalia's name and screaming profanities at Luke. Once she'd wrestled Annabeth into the truck, still crying and smelling of sick, she started the engine and shot away instantly, not caring about seatbelts so long as Annabeth was okay. She sped along the roads, skidding and squealing the tires until she pulled up outside her house. Snapping back into reality, Annabeth fell into a scary silence. In an almost zombielike trance, she allowed Percy to lead her into the house, tiptoeing into the bathroom and cleaning herself up before joining her in the bedroom. "Percy..." She began, "I...I'm so sorry." She leant against Percy, this time smelling of lemon soap and sadness. Percy breathed in her scent, still terrified but feeling much safer now Annabeth was in her arms. "Don't be sorry, Annabeth. I never even knew her. You and her must've been close." She felt a tear land on her jersey and pulled Annabeth closer to her. To her surprise, instead of resisting, Annabeth curled her body around Percy's. Percy could feel her heartbeat next to her own. "We were." She said quietly. "I loved her with all my heart." She stopped. "No. I brought you into this, it's my fault that we found all this. It's my fault that we..." She swallowed. "We found her. You shouldn't have had to see that." Percy lazily twirled one of Annabeth's curls around her finger. "It's okay, really. Maybe...maybe we were supposed to find her. You took pictures, right? Now we can finally give her justice. Finally get closure." She buried her face in Percy's sports jersey. "I'm going to kill Luke Castellan." "I don't blame you." Slowly, slowly, Annabeth's fast breathing slowed and she was asleep, finally at peace. Percy smiled at the sight of her, and soon she was asleep too. When morning came, the sun thrusting bars of golden light in through the gaps in the blinds, something felt different. Annabeth slept soundly in her arms, Luke was about to be apprehended, Thalia would finally be brought to justice and maybe life at the academy would be brought back to normal. But even if it wasn't, at least she had Annabeth.