others in a moment. Frank, Hazel." Two people emerged from outside, where apparently they had been waiting. There was a buff Asian guy with a chubby face, and a dark skinned girl with curly brown hair. "The girl is to go to the Fifth Cohort." Annabeth was herded away before she could say goodbye to Luke. This was bad, really bad. As they walked forward, the two Romans introduced themselves as Frank Zhang, son of Mars and Legacy of Poseidon, and Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto. She was instantly reminded of Bianca and Nico, two Greek kids who's father was Hades. "You must of gotten on Reyna's bad side to get put in the Fifth Cohort," Frank remarked, and Annabeth shrugged. The two were friendly enough, and by their body language they were dating, or at least liked each other. But even though they were nice, Annabeth couldn't help but hate them a little bit. They were still Romans, and soon her camp was going to be gone, while the Romans laughed and joked around. "Reyna mentioned something about me being the daughter of Athena." Hazel's eyes dimmed in knowing. "Oh, Minerva. Yeah.. You might have a bit of trouble gaining respect." "I'm a Greek, I'm not going to get any respect anyway," Annabeth reasoned. "What's so bad about Minerva?" She couldn't help but defend her mother. "Do they not like her?" "No.." Hazel looked kind of apologetic. "We respect her. She is the goddess of battle strategies after all. It's just that she's a virgin goddess.." Realisation dawned on Annabeth, and she couldn't help but flush slightly. "Oh. I get it... So.." "No children," Frank confirmed. "I thought Athena was a virgin goddess as well..?" Annabeth's attempted to cool her burning face. Talking about how she came to be made her uneasy. "It's.. complicated. What's wrong the Fifth Cohort?" She changed the subject abruptly. Frank shrugged. "We're probably the least respected Cohort. We're kind of the misfits.. It's getting better though. Jason's helping as Praetor, and Percy is gaining reputation as well.." "Not to mention you, Frank," Hazel smiled. Frank blushed. "Thanks, Hazel." Annabeth stayed silent for the next few minutes, before Hazel halted them quickly, running into a building and returning with three cups, offering one to Annabeth. Curious as to Hazel's kindness, she took it, peering inside. Hot chocolate. "Aren't you supposed to be all mean to me? I'm kind of your prisoner, and your long time enemy." Hazel and Frank exchanged looks. "We don't believe in being rude to different people. I mean, I'm a daughter of Pluto. That doesn't earn me a lot of respect. So you're a Greek. Why do we have to hate you?" Annabeth couldn't answer that question. She was surprised when they finally arrived at four buildings. "Welcome to the Fifth Cohort," Frank introduced with fake enthusiasm. He pointed to the furthest cabin. "That's your barrack there." She was led inside, where many Romans shot her dirty looks. Annabeth glared at them all in return. The cabin - or barrack as Frank had called it - looked pretty simple. About ten beds, a few desks, that was all. Annabeth appreciated simplicity. It helped her to think, gave her breathing space, but this place was... bare. No photos were pinned on the walls, no posters. Annabeth sat on her given bed. She wanted nothing more than to be alone, but she knew that the Romans would never leave a Greek unwatched. Honestly, she was just surprised that they weren't locked up in a cell. She pulled out her Yankees cap, casting a sideways glance to Hazel and Frank, who were talking not far away. Annabeth could slip on the cap, turn invisible and sneak away. But something stopped her. Camp Half-Blood was in danger. She couldn't just escape and dash any chances of help from the Romans. Worry churned in her gut. And she wished she had her dagger with her. It always made her feel more secure. As thoughts kept spinning in her head, one stuck out the most. Would her camp still be standing when - if she returned? ... They were gathered in a building now, feasting on food. Annabeth had to acknowledge that the Romans dined well. Annabeth finally got to meet up with the others. They seemed mostly okay, although Grover was disgruntled after having seen how fauns were treated. They were separated from the Romans, having been put in a building with guards posted outside. Two dogs, one silver and the other gold were also prowling around outside. "What did they say?" Piper whispered. "They're still deciding," Luke looked worried, his face tight and making him look older than he actually was. Grover bleated mournfully. "I miss Juniper. And Camp Half-Blood." Piper blinked sympathetically. "We all miss Camp, Grover." Leo fiddled with his cup, having drained it already. "What can we do? We have to get back soon, else.." "Annabeth, do you still have your cap?" Luke looked hopeful, and Annabeth nodded. "Yeah, but I don't like the look of those dogs. They're not normal ones, that's for sure." Annabeth grabbed a slice of pizza, munching on it although she wasn't particularly hungry. "We'll figure it out," Luke promised. "We'll get the Roman's trust." "I sure hope so," Leo mumbled, and Annabeth couldn't help but agree with him. Things were resting all in the Roman's hands, and this time there was nothing Annabeth could do. A/N: So yes, this is my new story! God(s) knows if I'm actually going to finish this one, but I'm pretty excited for it, so hopefully. Percy has not been introduced yet, so you'll have to wait a little while for that. The next chapter, maybe? Again, we'll see! The characters will probably not be quite in character, so sorry about that. And, obviously things have changed slightly. As you can see Luke is alive (and good, yay!) and so is Bianca (well, for now at least). Anyway, thanks for reading!