gods just stared at him in astonishment. "Oh, right. Wanderer of the Labyrinth as well." Annabeth laughed at the looks on the gods' faces. "God, Percy, watch their faces," All the demigods laughed, Thalia and Percy had to grab their sides to keep themselves from rolling on the floor. Nico huffed. "And you probably even forgot a few more titles." Thalia shrugged. "Don't we all sometimes. And counting all the monsters Percy defeated? Impossible." Athena blinked a couple of times. "Uhm." Poseidon laughed. "Wow, you guys really did a nice job of startling Athena. I have never heard her say 'uhm' before!" That broke the ice. All the gods joined his laughing, all except Athena, and Annabeth, who both turned crimson red. "Shut up!" Athena said, causing Poseidon only to laugh more. "This kid claims to be even more powerful Hercules… and you are all here laughing as idiots!" Poseidon just huffed. "He's one of mine. Doesn't surprise me." Athena sighed. "Okay. Fine. On your head be it, believing this kid. And the others. But that doesn't answer this; where are those supposed books we are to read? And the letter said our kids from this time period would be joining us as well." The demigods glared at each other. Percy sighed. "Look, Athena… Uh, I mean, Lady Athena," the goddess obviously liked the second naming more, "All we know is that Hermes and Apollo granted our wish to alter our future. Uhm, our past. Your future. Gods, this is messed up." His crooked smile appeared. "All we know is that you are going to read the past, and that the main character of the books – the kid whose thoughts you will read – will experience all the pain and emotion and stuff the kid in the book does. We all agreed to those terms. We don't know anything about our younger selves –" Just as he said that, the fourth bright light appeared. Zeus swore, but this time, the other gods joined in. even Hestia, surprising all the gods. Three children appeared; it was obvious who they were. Grover looked maybe twelve, and was very cute – for a satyr. His eyes were big and brown, and he was a scrawny looking kid, trembling with fear as he stared at the sight of all the gods. "Oh, gods, oh no, Zeus, uh," The other two kids stared at their surroundings with surprise. They were both maybe six, or seven. The girl was cute, with pretty blonde curls, and big grey eyes. But the cutest of the kids was obviously the boy. His eyes were big and fearful, his lips were trembling, and his hair – way too long – pointed in all directions. He wore a way too big sweater, and he trembled with fear as he quickly sat on the floor and made himself small. His face was covered in bruises. The girl didn't have such fright, she stared at the gods as if she recognized them, holding her blade tight. "Where is Thalia?" She demanded to know. "I was just running with her! What happened? What did you do?!" her tone was exactly the same as Annabeth's had been when she arrived there, and all the gods smiled at the similarities. Little Annabeth – Annie – was a copy. Little Percy – P.J. – however… he couldn't look more different than his older self. Speaking of, the older Percy winced as he saw his younger self, and looked anywhere but. "Hello, children," Poseidon began. His voice shook with fear. Why was his little son so afraid? Why was he beaten up? Were it monsters? Bullies? "You are here safe. You may not know who we are," Annie scowled at him, as if she couldn't understand why he didn't understand that she was smart for a seven-year-old, "But I promise we won't harm you. You are pulled from your time" – that was easier than trying to explain them something they didn't – "to read some books with us." Annie didn't seem very happy with that answer, and sat on the floor beside the trembling P.J. She stared at the little kid, frowning why he seemed so frightened. The gods all sighed. Zeus relaxed in his throne. He nodded at Hestia, who – with a little wave of her hand – made big sofa's appear for the demigods to sit on. Percy and Annabeth immediately sat side by side. Nico and Thalia sat together, and Grover took the three little kids with him to the biggest couch, as if he wanted to take care of them. The Romans, Hazel and Frank, sat together. Jason and Piper choose a lovecouch, much to the liking of Aphrodite. She squealed with happiness. As soon as everyone sat, a box appeared in front of Zeus, containing ten books. Everybody let go of their breath. "Ten books." Apollo exclaimed. "Ten? This is going to be the death of me." Athena rolled her eyes, and grabbed the one at the top before anyone could stop her. "This seems to be the first. Percy Jackson; the lightning thief." Percy Jackson paled. "Oh, Styx," he muttered in Annabeth ears. "They're from my point of view." Thalia cursed as well. "Kelp Head, you've g –" Poseidon glared at her, and she was hit by a big wave of water before he could stop himself. Thalia gasped for breath. "Wh – what? Lord Poseidon? What'd I do?" "Nobody can address me as Kelp Head." Only Athena, he thought, but didn't say anything. Percy started laughing. "Oh, she meant me, dad. I'm kelp head. And Seaweed Brain. And –" Poseidon blushed, but hit it quickly with a smile. "Oh, right. Sorry Thalia." "No problem, mister Poseidon," she muttered under her breath, and the demigods all laughed. Athena joined them. "Okay," Hermes said, and was stared at. It was the first time he said anything in a long time. "Just start reading. It's going to take eons like this."