painted a sea green like her eyes with a sea star at the top and looked as if you could step right into it and be on a beach. After waiting for about 5 minutes the door opened revealing a man with a hawaiian shirt, khaki shorts, and was holding a trident in one hand. "It is nice to see you lord Poseidon" Seph said bowing. "Hello Persephone, please come in" said Poseidon. "So if you don't mind me asking what you wanted to talk to me about" Said Seph. "Of course, well I wanted to know if you had a father?" Asked Poseidon/Neptune. "Oh. I never knew my birth parents. Mom said that she found me on a beach and took me in."replied Seph in a distraught tone. "Well, I realize if this is too late, but I am your Father Seph" Poseidon/Neptune said looking towards Seph heard this there were so many thoughts and emotions running through her head. Like why didn't I know this, has mom known, and should I even call Hestia my mom anymore? "Can I ask a few questions then dad?" Seph said trying to blink back tears of frustration, she was only five years old after all. "Of course, ask away" Poseidon/Neptune said. "Well if I have been on Olympus for five years, why did you only bother telling me now." replied Seph. "I was just really scared about how you would take it." Neptune replied. "Oh, ok is my mom still alive?" asked Persephone hope shining in her eyes. "No, she died during childbirth, but Amphitrite thought of you as her own over the month that we kept you." said Poseidon looking down with tears in his eyes. "Mhmm, ok so does that mean i can go to Atlantis, I really want to meet Triton" Seph questioned Poseidon. At this time Andrew, and Hestia were done making the macaroni and cheese then got ready to IM Persephone. After about twenty minutes Persephone arrived back at her house, and went upstairs to wash her hands. After coming back downstairs she said hi to Andrew and her mom and started to set up the table. Once everyone had mac and cheese on their plates and orange juice in their cups Hestia broke the silence, by asking Seph "So what did you and my brother talk about?" "Oh we just talked about my birth parents, oh mom by the way is it okay if I go to Atlantis to meet my brother Triton?" asked a giddy Seph. "Mhmm, so you know who your dad is I presume" Hestia said. "Yeah. So you would technically be my aunt but thats ok you can be my second or third mommy depends if you count both my birth mom or Amphitrite." said Seph matter of fact. "Oh, mom also is it okay if we take Andrew to see cousin Athena?" "Why do you want to take me to see Lady Athena?" Andrew asked scared that he got in trouble. "Oh, no reason I just have my suspicions. She also told me I needed to start learning basic things for school either way and have a discussion about my powers so I guess it would be fine if you tagged along" stated Persephone. "Yes I do believe that should be fine, i'll contact Athena to make sure. Now if everyone is finished eating go get ready for bed, you both have a big day ahead." Hestia said ushering the kids to bed. In the morning after breakfast Persephone and Andrew were walking to Athena's palace. While they were walking there was a comfortable silence. Once they reached her palace they knocked on her door. As soon as they knocked she came out. "Seph, I see you made it on time. Who is this you brought with you" questioned Athena. "Goodmorning m'lady, this is a friend I brought" Seph replied. "Hi Lady Athena my name is Andrew Chase" said Andrew introducing this statement Athena's eyes grew wide like in the comic books, as she looked at Andrew now noticing his features, and enveloped him in a hug. When she let go Andrew asked"Not to be rude M'Lady but why did you hug me?" "Well that is because you are my son. Now Andrew why are you on Olympus why are you not with your father or at camp?" questioned Athena. "Well, I'm sorry for interrupting, but that would be because his father neglects him after remarrying and having two more children." Seph states. "Oh my boy, I am truly sorry for never checking on you I never knew and your father had been so kind, I just don't understand what happened." Said Athena apologizing to Andrew over and over. "It's okay but I really would like to go inside and start the lesson, mom" Andrew said awkwardly still not used to calling anyone mom. "Oh of course!" Athena said, and so the rest of the day was spent learning school subjects, how to use a bow and arrow, gymnastics, and also the next nine years Persephone trained with all her powers and could control them all perfectly, except when her emotions went out of control then there was no telling what would happen her only anchors was Hestia and Andrew. After her first meeting they met once again but after started ignoring her and was never like a father figure to her. He never even bothered to bring her to Atlantis to meet Amphitrite or Triton. Her uncle Hades was more of a father figure as he helped her with her powers, he was able to help a lot especially since he was one of the big three. Over time Andrew started to develop feelings for Seph and they started to date. Everything was happy on Olympus. Until two weeks after her fourteenth birthday her father , as she had started calling Hades had asked her to receive his children for him and she accepted this quest, along with Andrew.