was what prompted all of this in the first place anyways; he just wasn't tired so why did he always have to have one? While he was waiting for the coast to be clear again, he looked around his father's office. Normally he wasn't allowed in here, and when he was he was told to sit still and not touch anything. Curiosity piqued, he walked around slowly. On the sides of the office was dark wood and books with the odd bust of a head of a man or woman and on a table in the corner was a globe. The office was part of the old wing of the mansion and had wooden floors and a deep red intricate carpet. In the middle was a desk, and to the left and right of it fold-out tables with various papers on them. He walked towards the desk in the middle, with the two computer screens and climbed onto the chair. It was a difficult task as it spun but at last he made it and peered at the papers, keyboard, and mouse. Forgetting his previous plan he clenched his fist around the nearest bunch of papers and looked at them. There were lots of pictures with lines and words. Percy couldn't read that well but even he knew his numbers by heart…as long he could use his fingers. Percy placed back the papers with words and looked at the ones with numbers. He sounded out the words at the top of the page just like his tutor taught him to when the word was long. Often they were made up of smaller easier parts to read. "A-qua-tic In-dusty-ries," He pronounced, "Sta-tist re-po-ort." He repeated them a couple times. Percy said the whole thing out loud, "Aquatic Industyries statist report." He knew what it was! A report was a summary, and status was how something was doing. Just like when the soldiers from his favorite TV show always have a status to the general when something was going wrong, often when the bad guys infiltrated the base. He looked at the numbers and the charts again and shook his head and blinked…it made sense…everything here made sense. The very first paper had numbers in green but he looked at the graph and his gut wrenched. Green was always good but somehow he knew that they would go red very fast. Red was bad. In Star Wars only the Sith had red blades, so it had to be so. Percy looked at his dad's computer screen and back and the paper. He'd managed to read the paper so Percy knew he could at least try to read the screen. He squinted at the screen slowly seeing there was a countdown with six minutes left and a graph that looked identical to the one on the paper in his hand. On the side were little buttons and windows, but at the bottom in larger letters was ORDER STATUS: and two buttons to confirm or cancel. He looked down at the paper again and then at the door. His father would be coming back any minute now, but he knew he had to do it. He didn't want his father to have bad red numbers. Percy scrutinized the keyboard and hunted down the backspace button and carefully pressed down new numbers. These numbers would stay green for a long time even if they went close to red for a bit. Percy pumped his fist, then placed the papers back to where they looked like they were before and slid down from the chair and tiptoed to the door. Upon seeing that nobody was near, he grinned and ran off to the East Wing of the house. He hadn't hid there in a long time, and it was near his room so he could stop by and get his Gameboy. Perfect. .o. GotS .o. September (two weeks later) Percy was waiting at one of his dad's offices downtown and scowled as he shifted again in his chair and fought the urge to pull at the bowtie that was wrapped around his neck. He was going to an event that his parents wanted him at and he knew it would suck. Whenever he had to wear a nice tie there were always so many photographers and the flash of all the pictures made it hard to see. He glanced at the big man next to him, an ever present body-guard and sighed as he glanced at the TV in the corner, set to a quiet volume that was talking about boring things, like the news. He turned to his bodyguard and asked for his Gameboy, which was promptly given to him and soon he tuned out the sound of the television. "It's amazing Matt. Aquatic Industries moved its stocks in vast quantities, almost at the limited total two weeks ago, and today we are seeing the effect." "Yes we are Susan," The male newscaster responded. "Previously even though there was no confirmation the relations between the Tsunami Insurance Pros Corporation and Aquatic Industries seemed rocky, but now I don't even know what to say! It seems that investing in the start-up company has been like finding a gold vein for both companies." "Exactly. We've just seen the earnings for Aquatic Industries spike, and the CEO of Tsunami Insurance must be thanking the heavens for his good fortune," Susan said. "So Susan, how much are we talking about here?" 'Well Matt, I'm reading that Aquatic Industries just earned 6.8 million dollars because of that transaction." So that was chapter one! *whew* Hope you like the general idea of the story, and please remember this chapter is slow on purpose . The next chapter really starts to get into the plot, which if you just look at the name of this fanfiction... you get a pretty darn good idea about what this is... : ) Please review, follow, or favourite! They're always loved, and received and welcomed! Stads