greatest inventors would tell him it was a horrid idea. Changing one event could ruin the whole course of events in the future. Leo didn't care, he wanted his friend back. He wanted everything to be okay again. Reyna Reyna arrived at Camp Half blood a little later than Frank and Hazel, but earlier than Jason and Piper. Reyna was told to meet Nico at Hades cabin. She walked along and found Hades cabin easily, it was the darkest one. Reyna knocked on the door and Nico answered it. His eyes were red, like he'd been crying, and his face was pale. "Are you alright?" Nico handed Reyna a note, with Annabeth's script on the front. It read her name. Reyna, When I first met you, I didn't know what to think. You had such power and I was honestly afraid Percy might've chosen you over me. We obviously know he likes me better. :) But onto more important things. I grew to be good friends with you and I'm glad. It was nice to show a Roman how Greeks are superior. This was the only way to make sure you would win, know though, that none of this was your fault. It is better this way. Goodbye my friend. -Annabeth Reyna leaned against the doorjamb for support. She met Nico's eyes, they were dark and empty and sad. Reyna inched forward to sit on his bed. She didn't know what to say, Reyna may not have known Annabeth as long as the others, but she was definitely good friends with her. Annabeth and Reyna kept in touch all of the time. Annabeth was the one Person, other than Nico, that Reyna told all of her troubles to. Reyna felt like she did during senate meetings, She had no voice. Jason Piper and Jason flew into camp a lot later than the others. Jason was okay with that, because he got to spend the whole day with Piper. He flew her to her cabin and said he'd meet her at the campfire. She walked inside as he flew back to his cabin. He placed his luggage down and sighed. "It's good to be home." He walked around, inspecting the place, and he found a note on his bed. It read his name in very elegant script. He carefully opened the letter and read it's contents. Jason, What to say to you. I wanted to kill you when we first met, I knew I shouldn't trust Hera, but I did get to meet you so I guess she wasn't totally Fucking with me. I got to meet you, Leo, and Piper, so I guess Hera must've been feeling extra special happy that day. ;) We both know that I didn't totally trust you, especially when we reached the Roman camp. But over time you proved yourself, I'm glad I got to meet you. Take care of Piper, I'll haunt you if you break her heart. It's better this way, Annabeth Jason fell back against the dresser. Jason felt like punching a wall, Jason felt like sinking a boat, Jason felt like-he felt like crying. Sure, he didn't know Annabeth too well, and sure he didn't trust her at first either (Those scary grey eyes seemed to bore right into him), but Annabeth was one of the seven, he grew to love her like family. He couldn't bare to live a day without any of the seven. Most of All, He couldn't bare to see the look on Percy's face. Piper Piper waved as Jason flew off to his cabin. She walked in to grab a sweater from her bunk and meet Jason at the campfire. She reached under her pillow where she was going to grab a flashlight, but found a note instead. Piper read her name on the front, in Annabeth's handwriting. She opened the letter, excited to see what her friend had wrote for her. Piper, I-wow, there is so much to say. I thank the gods I met you, you were the friend I needed. We became so close over the months that I searched for Percy and I loved all of the breakfast we ate together. You stayed friends with me even though I necessarily didn't trust your boyfriend. You were a great friend and I'm glad I got to make your acquaintance. I'm sorry if I hurt you by doing this, I'm so so sorry. But it was better this way. I promise you that. Tell Rachel I'm sorry aswell, I haven't seen her in forever, and I didn't have time to write her a note. Take care of my seaweed brain for me, Annabeth Piper sat on her bunk, unable to move. She began to cry, Annabeth was her best friend, they had been through so much together. They both talked about their dumb boyfriends, they spent quality time together. Piper couldn't take it. Her best friend was gone. Jason flew in within a matter of minutes, he climbed to Piper's bunk and wrapped his arms around her. She cried into his chest, clutching his shirt. She couldn't go to the campfire, not now, not after the news she'd just received. Jason was able to get her to stop crying, he was able to convince her to come to the campfire, he was even able to convince her to sing along in the songs. Piper watched as Percy laughed and sang to the songs, joked with the kids next to him, and overall looked very happy. Piper watched every day as Percy was happy and joyful. Piper couldn't understand that. She cried every time she thought about Annabeth, and they were best friends, Percy was dating Annabeth, shouldn't he feel worse than that. But little did Piper know, that Percy cried himself to sleep every night, with memories of Annabeth all around him. Well that broke my heart to write and post. I think I need help, like that was so in depth... I'm scared...