easy for you, but you—" "You know," Kinzie interrupted, "you were right." Hylla frowned at the sudden subject change. "What are you talking about?" "It's my fault that you're sick." Kinzie huffed and wouldn't look at her. "I'm sorry." Hylla furrowed her eyebrows. "It's just a cold, Kinzie. It's not a big deal." When Kinzie's shoulders stayed tense, she tried for a smile. "Besides, it was worth it for you to finally start calling me Hylla." "Your Majesty—" "No, no take-backs," Hylla insisted. "It's Hylla— just Hylla—from now on, except if you absolutely have to call me Queen Hylla in a big meeting or something." At that, Kinzie finally looked at her again. "Why do you care so much?" Hylla hoped Kinzie would attribute the flush on her face to the fever. "All those titles are too formal," she said. "You don't have to use them with me. We're, um, friends . . . right?" "Of—of course." Hylla nodded. Even if she liked Kinzie a lot , she could handle it if they were friends. That could be enough—at least, that was what she told herself until Kinzie suddenly perched herself on Hylla's bed and placed her hands on Hylla's knees. At her touch, Hylla's breath hitched in her throat. "Hylla," Kinzie said softly, "why did you really go after me yesterday?" Hylla's heart thumped hard, ready to explode at any moment. "I . . . I told you," she said, struggling to keep her voice even. "I thought you were in trouble, and I thought of Anastasia, and I couldn't let you get hurt too, so I left." "Yes, but . . ." Kinzie stared right into Hylla's eyes, like she could read her mind if she just tried hard enough. "Hylla, I know you and Anastasia were dating when she was killed." Hylla felt all the blood drain out of her face. "How did you—we didn't—" "Don't worry," Kinzie said quickly. "You know I pride myself on my observation skills. I don't think everyone knew—at least, not until you threw together a rescue party and stormed out of headquarters after her. At that point, it was pretty obvious." Hylla gaped. "But I—" "No one cares, Hylla," she promised. "It didn't affect your ability to rule, so we didn't care then, and we don't care now. Please, I—I thought you knew that we knew. Please don't worry about this." "But if I don't have to worry about this, then why would you bring it up—oh. Oh, gods." Hylla scrambled back against her headboard. "Kinzie, you don't think that—I mean—I would never make you—I don't want you to feel—" She was rambling, and she knew it, but Hylla couldn't stop the words from pouring out. She needed Kinzie to understand this. "I would never try to overstep professional boundaries if you didn't want—" "But Hylla ." Kinzie grabbed Hylla's hands and scooted closer. "What if I do want this?" If Hylla heard one more revelation today, she thought she might drop dead from shock. " What ?" "I know it's been less than a year since Anastasia died," Kinzie rushed to add. "And I know that I'm just your assistant. But if you ever feel like—" Hylla cut her off with a kiss. After a moment, Kinzie kissed her back, and Hylla felt confident enough to trace her shoulders with her fingertips, then skid her hands down her back. Kinzie could probably hear her racing heartbeat— ba-da-dum, ba-da-dum —but at this point, Hylla didn't really care. Seconds bled together, and the only thing that mattered was the taste of Kinzie's lips on hers. When she finally pulled away, it was too soon. "You—you—" Hylla stared at her assistant with open astonishment. With shaking hands, she reached out and traced the lines of her cheekbones. "This whole time, I thought . . . And what about This, and That, and whatever you called the rest of them?" A laugh escaped Kinzie's lips. "Pansexuality is a thing, Hylla," she said, leaning forward. "And for the record, I never actually did any of them. I just enjoyed watching your reaction." "Kinzie!" But Hylla wasn't angry enough to stop herself from melting into another kiss. Long hours in her office were going to be so much more enjoyable now. Still, she broke away long enough to say, "I have a cold. You shouldn't—" "I have a good immune system," Kinzie said, and kissed any of Hylla's other protests away. Hylla was just starting to think that maybe it was a good thing they were in her bedroom already when she smelled smoke. In an instant, Kinzie was scrambling off of Hylla. "Oh, Styx !" She ran out of the room, and with a frown, Hylla followed her. When she came into the kitchen and saw the mess on her stove, she understood. " Kinzie! Were you cooking chicken noodle soup this entire time ?" "I was only supposed to be in your room long enough to give you medicine!" Kinzie cried, dumping water on the soup, the saucepan, and the burner, even though she'd already turned off the stove and aired out most of the smoke. As she watched her, Hylla couldn't help herself. She doubled over and cracked up. Immediately, Kinzie whirled around. "What's so funny? This is serious!" "I . . . I . . . the smoke," Hylla gasped out. She controlled herself long enough to say, "It looks like we're both fire hazards," and then she started laughing again. After a moment, Kinzie smiled too. "Our entire relationship is probably a fire hazard," she told her, which only made Hylla laugh harder. She winked. "But personally, I kind of like fire. What about you?" Hylla took a step forward and tugged Kinzie into her, planting a kiss on her mouth even though they were both grinning like idiots. "What do you think?" she asked. Then she kissed her again. They could worry about cleaning the stove later. Thanks for reading!