Reyna found herself smiling. "I would love to, Leo Valdez," she replied. "As long as you're paying for dinner." "Of course I will," he grinned. "Otherwise, your rating of my potential would probably drop, like, 500%." "I think that's a statistical impossibility, Valdez." "Nothing's impossible where I'm concerned," he claimed. "I already found an island that doesn't technically exist." She rolled her eyes. "Whatever." And just like that, the conversation petered out. Leo glanced over at her. She eyed him back. Suddenly, she was painfully aware of the fact that the two of them didn't really know each other all that well, and they were about to spend several hours together. Was it going to be this awkward the whole night? Oh, gods, she couldn't let that happen. It would be torturous—and if she was going to slack off on her college work, she had to at least enjoy herself while she did. "So—" she began. "You know—" Leo started at the same time. They both stopped abruptly. Leo was the first to crack a smile. "By all means, Praetor, you can speak," he said courteously. "Don't let me interrupt you." "I see through you," Reyna retorted. "You're just using manners to raise your boyfriend potential, and it won't work. You've got to act exactly like you always do, or what's even the point of going on this fake-date? Be as rude and annoying as usual, Valdez, and go first." Leo snorted. "Glad to see you think so highly of me," he shot back. "Just for that, I'm going to force you to go first." After a beat of silence, she sighed. "I was only going to say, 'So maybe we should get this fake-date started.'" She paused. "So, maybe we should get this fake-date started?" Leo looked at her carefully for a moment, and then laughed. "Sorry, Praetor," he said. "Guess I should have gone first after all, because I was planning on saying, 'You know, if we want to make this realistic, I'm going to have to change clothes before we get started. I'm not exactly date-ready.'" "Oh." Reyna looked him up and down and had to agree. His jeans were oil-splattered—although really, when were Leo's jeans ever not oil-splattered—and he was wearing a shirt that read "The Flaming-Hot Mechanic" and (ironically) had a hole burned into one sleeve. His hair was a wild mess. Still . . . "You don't have to do that," she said, rolling her eyes. "It's not like we're actually going on a date—" "Well, of course not," he said. "But the casual observer will think we are. And I don't want to make any bad impressions, especially when it comes to our waitress. Who knows? She might be cute. In which case, you can feel free to leave, and I'll pour out some sob story about how I was having such a nice dinner with my cousin and then she got annoyed by my sense of humor and stormed out, and wow, that crowd two tables over seems loud and obnoxious, are you the one who's stuck serving them, that's too bad, here, maybe you should sit down and eat some of the appetizer I ordered and I'll put on your apron and pretend I'm your assistant and I'll be taking care of them from now on. You've probably been working long enough already. I'm sure you could use a break." Reyna shook her head. "That would be sweet," she said, "if the whole thing didn't start out with a lie about your 'cousin'." "Oh, come on," he said. "I'd only say that because it's easier than explaining that I was on a fake date. If someone I was actually dating left in the middle of dinner, I would still strike up a conversation with my waitress and let her take a break while I took care of her tables, but I would make it very clear that I was doing it out of the goodness of my heart and not because I thought she was cute." Reyna just barely kept herself from laughing. "Of course you would," she said. "Now go and change clothes." "Yes, ma'am." He was still chuckling when he closed the apartment door behind him. The next time Reyna opened the door for Leo Valdez, she couldn't help but stare. "You know," she said, "when you told me you were going to change clothes, I figured you were just going to grab a pair of pants that wasn't stained. Now I feel underdressed." Leo pushed the sleeves of his white collared shirt up to his elbows and grinned. "The bow tie's a nice touch, don't you think?" "Maybe," she admitted. "The suspenders are a bit much, though." "Aw, what are you talking about?" he smirked. "Suspenders are the coolest things since magic toolbelts." "Which, I notice, you're still wearing. It ruins the whole high-class vibe you're going for." "Yeah, probably. But I'm not walking through monster-infested Manhattan without my bag of tricks." "Can't say I blame you." Reyna studied his outfit again, glanced down at her jeans, and sighed. "All right, I can't have you outshining me, Valdez. Give me a minute to change again." Leo looked at her with open astonishment. "Nice dress, Praetor," he said appreciatively. "Piper's been forcing me to get some," she said with a shrug, sweeping her braid over one shoulder. "She claims I'm going to have to stop dressing so practically eventually. But don't worry, Valdez. I've still got a knife down each boot." "Oh, yeah, now I'm not worried," he said sarcastically. "Gods, Reyna. Forget your rating of my potential. I'm going to make sure I don't screw this fake date up, just so I don't end up stabbed at the end of it." Reyna grinned. "Good. Now what are we doing first?" This will be a two-shot, so keep an eye out for another chapter at some point! (Hopefully soon, although I'm not making any promises. :)) Feedback is appreciated!