Discovering that they were friends. Finding the House of Hades. Finding Percy and Annabeth. Saving his friends. Purposefully falling into Tartarus. Saving his friends. Protecting his friends. Leo breathed in and out slowly, trying not to pass out. He had to protect his friends. He had to be able to close these stupid Doors. With a jolt of surprise, Leo realized that the stupid Doors were only two feet apart now, instead of twenty. "You can do this, Valdez," he muttered. "Don't back down now." And he sent one huge burst of flames out of his hands, his hair, his entire body . The heat soaked into the Doors of Death, destroying the final remnants of dark magic that were keeping them open. Leo fell to his knees, completely spent, and forced himself to shoot two last fires towards them. At the same time, Nico threw two massive balls of black energy. Those missiles collided, and their combined strength was just enough to finish the job. The Doors of Death slammed shut. There was a globe perched on the top of the House of Hades. It represented that all people in the world would eventually find themselves in the god's domain. It had a sort of special power, a little like the Athena Parthenos. The globe hadn't even budged when Leo had forced the Argo II through the too-small entrance and into the building, but the power involved in closing the Doors of Death was too much for the globe to handle. As soon as Leo had finished closing the Doors for good, it toppled off its pedestal. The rest of the seven had been busy forcing fluids into Percy and Annabeth and trying not to think about Leo's sacrifice, but when the world hit the floor outside with a thud strong enough to start a minor earthquake, their eyes all widened. "Oh my gods . . ." Piper whispered. " To storm or fire, the world must fall. Leo used fire to close the Doors, and then that globe fell to the ground. . . . The prophecy is coming—" "No!" Hazel shouted suddenly, her eyes filling with tears. The others turned to her in confusion. "It can't be coming true!" she insisted. "It can't be! Because the . . . the next line is . . ." She swallowed a sob. " An oath to keep with a final breath . . . And . . . And Leo promised Nemesis that he would get revenge on Gaea. And he promised that he would rescue Percy and Annabeth from Tartarus. Oh, gods, you don't think . . ." She buried her head in Frank's chest. "Nico, Leo's not dead , is he?" Silence was her only answer. "Nico . . . ?" The others looked around and saw him, flopped across the claw arm, pale and unconscious. Everyone wanted to help the son of Hades, but they still felt too shocked to move. Eventually it fell to Jason. He went to the helm, half-dazed, and stared blankly at the controls. Naturally, none of them were labeled. He hesitated for a moment, and then just turned to Festus. "Look, buddy," he muttered, too softly for the others to hear, "I know I'm not Leo. None of us is Leo. We don't know this ship like he does. But he's . . . he's gone now. So just until Annabeth recovers and can help us figure you out. . . . Do you think you could cut us some slack?" Festus's teeth whirled. Jason decided to take that as a yes. "Great. Then could you bring Nico over here and put him on the deck?" Obediently, the grabber arm started to move. It maneuvered over the son of Jupiter's head and deposited Nico on the floor. Immediately, Hazel ran to him and started forcing nectar into his mouth too. The others stayed crouched over Percy and Annabeth, willing at least one of them to wake up again. Jason hesitated for a split-second, and then thanked the bronze dragon figurehead before rushing over to the son of Hades. "Closing the Doors of Death must have taken all of his strength," Hazel whispered, wiping away her tears. "He'll be fine, but he won't be waking up any time soon." Frank came over and wrapped his arms around her, and she leaned into him for comfort. Jason went to Piper and did the same. They ended up in a contorted circle made up of four points – Percy and Annabeth, Jason and Piper, Frank and Hazel, and Nico. Neither couple said what was on their minds. With Nico unconscious, there was no way to know how Leo was doing. And . . . well, they were looking at the three people passed out at their feet. Percy and Annabeth were injured and exhausted from trekking through Tartarus and finding an exit. Nico was exhausted from closing the Doors topside. Both of those were terrible ordeals. However, Leo had just spent at least as much energy to close the Doors from Tartarus. And assuming that he was still conscious, it would take him at least a week – that was how long Percy and Annabeth had taken, working together – to find another exit (assuming that there was another exit). Nico's fight had knocked him unconscious. Percy's and Annabeth's fights had knocked them unconscious. But Leo was facing both . That was an insane amount of danger. With the odds stacked against him like that . . . How could the son of Hephaestus possibly survive? So even though I had this Leo-closes-the-Doors idea before I even knew about Viria, I still feel like I should credit her because her story-comic-thing was the reason that I felt confident enough to start posting this story because somebody else shared my weird headcanon! So yay, Viria rocks! But I'm pretty sure everyone knew that already. :P Hope everyone enjoyed the chapter! Tell me what you thought!