wind, and she pushed them away as she spoke. "I told you I'd be happy no matter what we did! You weren't supposed to be going to any trouble to plan something else! We had enough to do while getting ready for that Capture the Flag game!" At that, she couldn't help but smirk. "Which I'm still excited that we won, by the way." " Beyond excited," Frank agreed. "And I think Annabeth's still locked away in Cabin Six, furiously looking through her plans and trying to figure out the hole in her brilliant strategy. The competition kind of backfired on Percy—because now she won't let him spend any time with her until she's confident that she'll beat him in next week's game." "I know," Hazel laughed. Then she sobered. "But like I was saying, we've been busy enough with that. I hope you haven't been trying to think of some elaborate romantic gesture on top of everything else. . . ." "What? Of course not," Frank promised, making a mental note to yell at Jason later. "But I did want to do something nice. It's our first date, after all." " Frank— " "Just let me finish," he pleaded. Reluctantly, she laced her fingers through him and fell silent. "Okay. So I was thinking through all the possibilities for tonight, and then I realized . . . well, Nico brought you almost directly to Camp Jupiter, didn't he?" "Yes?" She said it almost like a question, tilting her head in confusion. "So you were never really fully introduced to all this modern stuff, right?" "I guess." Frank nodded. "That's what I thought. And that's when I figured out . . . well, I'd been trying to think of some wildly creative thing for us to do, but all of the mortal world is this wildly creative place for you now. Lots of things have changed since the forties, and I don't want you to be overwhelmed the first time we explore the mortal world—really explore it, you know, not just hurry through some old-fashioned European city on a dangerous quest." Hazel smiled and nodded. "So, before we went out and did anything, I thought we should do something else first." He pulled the picnic basket between them and opened it. Hazel looked inside, raised an eyebrow, and glanced up at him with a question written plainly on her face. "I told you this wasn't really a picnic," he reminded her. "All these magazines are what I borrowed from the Aphrodite cabin." He hesitated. What if she thought this was presumptuous and stupid? "I thought we could sort through each one, and I could explain all the new technology and odd slang and weird pop culture references to you—unless I don't know them either, in which case, they're probably obscure and unimportant. I was . . . I was hoping that this might help you acclimate to this time period, since you're going to be stuck here with me for a long time." He looked at her shyly. "I hope you'll stick with me awhile, anyway." Hazel's eyes were shining. "Of course I will, Frank!" she said, beaming at him. "This is . . . Oh my gods, this is so sweet. I hear people talking about their . . . their cell phones, and computers, and iPods, and all sorts of things, and . . ." She stared down at the pattern of the blanket. "Sometimes I just feel so lost," she said softly. "I wonder how I'm going to catch up to a world that moves so fast." "Hey. Hey, you don't ever have to feel like that." Frank caught her chin and tilted it up towards him. "I'll catch you up, Hazel Levesque. Don't you dare be nervous about that. And in the meantime, I'll answer every single one of your questions. And I'll make sure you don't feel lost." He smiled at her. "Besides, Haze, you ride a horse that can gallop at six hundred miles an hour. You, of all people, don't have to worry that the world will move too fast for you." Hazel smiled, leaned up, and brushed her lips against his. "Thank you, Frank," she whispered. "This is going to be an amazing date." "What? No." Frank shook his head. "It's our first date, and you think we're just going to stare at magazines the whole time? No way. That's why we're starting out so early. Once you feel prepared enough, we're going to take a cab into the city and experience the modern world at its best—New York City." He flushed. "And while we're there, I thought you could experience a . . . a stereotypical modern date as well. So, dinner and a movie." He winced. "Of course, if that's all right with you?" " All right with me ?" Hazel repeated, her eyes lighting up. "Gods, Frank, that would be amazing! I haven't seen a movie in . . . well, in seventy years. Piper told me that they've improved a lot since the forties, but I thought they were incredible then . I can't even imagine what they'll be like now." Frank kissed her again. " You are the incredible one," he promised her with another silly grin. "But if you haven't seen even one movie since the forties, I guess we'd better start small. We'll go to a regular theater, not an IMAX one." Hazel frowned at him quizzically. "I, Max? Is that the name of a new movie?" "No, not exactly." Frank laughed and pulled her closer, smiling and flushing as Hazel pulled out the first magazine, looked it over, and asked him what the headline "Find Your Perf BF!" meant. Maybe it was a good thing he hadn't come up with a creative plan after all. If Hazel was going to be this blown away by the most cliché date of the twenty-first century . . . introducing 3-D glasses was probably a bad idea.