rescue him-" "Wait, wait, wait." Percy waved his hands. "You're telling me Nick, I mean Nico, is really the Ghost King and has been under my nose this whole time? Hell, I just had sex with him! Don't you think he would've told me?" Hazel tried to keep her disgust to herself. At the moment, the last thing she wanted to be talking about was her brother's sex life. "Look, this is so not the time to discuss this! You just got to help me get him back and then you can yell at him all you want, okay?" There was a moment of silence as Percy and Hazel stared each other down. Hazel was just about ready to say 'screw it' and get Nico back on her own. But then Percy sighed, "Idiot," under his breath and looked back at Hazel. "Fine. I'll help. But he is gonna be in so much trouble." ... The black hood was yanked off Nico's head. Nico was nearly blinded by the sudden light, causing him to groan. A man chuckled. "So sorry for the inconvenience. I had to get you here somehow, Ghost King." Nico squinted at the man standing in front of him. Everything was blurry and the back of his head ached. And - he glanced down at his body - his hands and feet were tied to a metal chair. What exactly was going on…? "Those need to stay on, I'm afraid." The man leaned back on a huge desk behind him and cross his arms over his chest; Nico noticed he was wearing a pinstriped suit. His black hair was slightly curly. His eyes were a bight blue. Nico's own eyes widened. "Zeus." Zeus hummed and reached inside his suit jacket to pull something out. A gun. It seemed to draw Nico's gaze, as if it was a magnet. Here ws a weapon that could kill him instantly. HIs powers couldn't protect him from everything. Hi powers. He could just shadow travel out of his bounds. He opened the shadow in front of him to do just that when- Nico jerked and cried out when a surge of electricity shocked him. Like ripples in the water, it ran over him, hot and thick and god why couldn't he move ? The feeling suddenly disappeared, leaving Nico panting, his heart pounding, and his bones aching. Zeus hummed. "It's rather hard to use your powers when you're being electrocuted, isn't it?" Nico didn't answer. He was trying his best not to swallow his tongue. "I know who you are," Zeus stated, caressing the barrel of his gun. "My employees have been terrorized by you for quite some time now. At least until the so-called Tsunami came along. Too much for you?" Nico wanted to speak, but everything felt wrong. He couldn't make his face work properly and he kept twitching. Here was his sister's killer and he couldn't even move. Zeus hummed. "Enough of this, I suppose. I'll just kill you now." He lifted the gun, the safety off- "Hey!" Nico and Zeus both turned to face Tsunami, who stood proudly in the doorway, two unconscious men crumpled at his feet. Without a word, Zeus fired the gun at Tsunami, but he dodged just in time. Nico jumped when he felt hands on his wrists, yanking the wires wrapped around him. He looked up at met golden eyes- Hazel. She grinned at him and yanked at his bounds until they broke. Before he could ask what she was doing here, there was the sensation of shadow traveling. They landed right behind Zeus. Hazel promptly summoned a bar of gold and smacked him over the head. There was a painful sounding crunch and Zeus collapsed to the floor. Nico scrambled to grab his fallen gun, and pointed it at Zeus' body. "Nico." Nico glanced up at the soft call of his name. Percy, not Tsunami as his mask was off, approached him slowly, as if he was a cornered animal. He held his hands up. "Don't kill him, Nico. I'll be forced to take you down too. I don't want that and neither do you. Put down the gun." Nico's eyes flickered between Zeus, the gun, and Percy. He had to avenge Bianca. He'd promised when he'd just been a little kid that he'd bring her killer to justice. Hazel touched his back gently. "Maybe he's right, Nico. If you don't kill him he can be locked away for life. You've collected enough evidence over the years…" Nico felt Hazel's warmth. Saw Percy's pleading, green eyes. Looked down at the cold gun held in his clenched hands. He sighed and let the gun fall. … Two Weeks Later "We should totally start a team." Percy waved his arms enthusiastically from his spot on the grass. Nico snorted and nudged Percy's foot. "You would say that. What? You want to put up flyers? Suits wanted?" Percy stuck his tongue out. "Maybe we don't like to be called Suits. Think of that? Maybe it should say 'Heros Wanted'?" Nico grimaced, as though the word 'hero' put a bad taste in his mouth. "No way. We'd only get a bunch of weirdos and nerds." "Um…" Percy gaze raked over Nico's lying form, a grin pulling at his lips. "Kinda hypocritical, Mr. Mythomagic." Nico glowered at his past archenemy, and flicked him on the forehead. "Don't bing that up. I'm gonna kill Hazel for telling you." Percy just laughed before kissing him on the cheek. "Sure, sure…" Nico pulled him closer and let Percy's head fall into the crook between his shoulder and neck. He pecked the top of his head, smiling when Percy sighed quietly. And if it was somehow turned into a heated make out session that gained them quite a few stares from passing students, well… Nico shadow traveled them back to their dorm. They'd be heroes later. AN: Thank you for reading! Leave a review please! They always make my day!