I almost sunk to my knees with relief I took a deep breath and smiled at her as best as I could then ran off back to Richards car. I saw my father in the doors to the entrance and he was looking at me. See dad? Progress, slow progress, but its there none the less. I still feel like i'm about to vomit my heart up but atleast I finally managed to apologize. LINE BREAK A WEEK LATER The long bus ride to New York felt very surreal, I had mixed feelings about the situation, joy, anger, and fear. Anger because I couldnt believe my father was doing this, fear because I am going to be even more alone than I already was, doesnt help i'm by myself on this bus with no knowledge of Goode high school and Manhattan New York except a google search of the general area. And lastly, a bit of joy, I get a chance to make a fresh start, I can get away from my worthless father and my whore of a mother and hopefully I dont ever have to see them again. fifthteen hours and forty-seven minutes later (Google is one hell of a friend) I was standing in front of Goode high school, my new home away from home. There were kids walking around the campus which expected considering it's a boarding school, I wont bother you with a description of the place, hell if you want a half-assed one look up Zoey 101. I was deciding whether to turn around and walk off into the sunset like some cowboy (it was starting to get dark) or attempt to find the principle's office to tell them i'm here. I can give my dad one thing, he plans ahead, the staff already know about me and my antics and what I look like so they should recognize me. If they dont i'm supposed to tell them to call my old man and he'll remind them. "Hey dude, you looking for someone? I can help you find them?" Someone asked. The person in question has messy jet-black hair, sea green eyes, a "Mediterranean' complexion and was very lean and musculur. "Uhh yeah I am, i'm looking for the principle Mr. Brunner? I'm a new student and I think this is the area i'm supposed to be, this is Goode high school right?" I ask and he nods. "Yup your in the right place, i'll lead you there, whats your accent by the way" He asks and motions to follow. I tell him british and he seems surprised that i'm british but doesnt ask questions. A short walk later and voila were at his office. I turn to Percy (we exchanged names) and say thanks. "No problem dude, take it easy" He fist bumps me and jogs off back the way we came. I take a deep breath and knock, I hear a mumble and assume it's morse code for come in and open the door to see a man in a wheelchair, he looked to be about forty, with a bushy beard and shaggy hair he looked like an old shaggy, he also had the kindest eyes i'd ever seen on a person ever. I felt at peace just being in the room with him. "Hello! You must be Damien Machiavelli, you father just got off the phone with me, he'd said you'd be arriving soon. Go on and have a seat and i'll get your class schedule, I just need you to sign a few things if you dont mind." He said. His voice was warm and friendly so how could I say no? I take a seat and he hands me a couple of papers, I read them over, sign and wait for him to find my schedule amidst this suprisingly neat desk. LINE BREAK CHIRON'S POV (you shoud have guessed it the second your read the name brunner.) This boy is a demi-god, an extremely powerful one, how has he not been attacked by monsters, maybe he has with that scar on his face, or maybe someone is protecting him, maybe his father is a demi-god? Either way we need to get him to our camp very soon or his life may be in danger. LINE BREAK DAMIEN POV "Here is your schedule, my boy" He hands me my schedule and I look it over, i'm a junior so I have the normal junior classes but one in particular stands out. Greek mythology. Huh. I love Greek mythology but there were no classes in Alabama to take so I had to learn on websites at home (when I wasnt grounded) so while I know some, I dont know it all. "Greek mythology? Did my dad tell you about my liking for it or what?" I ask. "He didnt give us an elective or second language for you to take so we gave you both in one. I did not know you liked it and I am pleased you do so, it is a good class so I hope you enjoy it." He said. I only had one thing to say. "When do I start?" A/N: When I said remake I freaking MENT it, I wasnt just talking about revising it and fixing errors and adding a few extra tid bits here and there, I ment completely scrap the old story and start anew with one thats better. Also unlike the voting pole this one has an actual set pairing, it's gonna be Thalia cause she is my favourite PJO and HOO character, also, to anyone who wants to know I try to update every saturday or sunday but if i'm feeling up to it i'll update twice in one week or wont update for like two weeks, I am a bit inconsistant I will admit but I never want to abandon a story ive seen to many excellent stories do that and I dont want to be one of them.