Nancy standing next to the fountain completely soaked in water. "I hope wooped your butt" she said. "Who?" I said? "Our teacher duh!" She snapped. I walked over to Grover and asked where was, he said "Who?" " Not funny man" I said. Then I walked over to and asked where was. He stared at me blankly "Who?" "The other chaperone " I replied. He frowned and sat forward and said "Percy there is no on this trip, as far as I know there has never been a at Yancy, are you feeling alright?" After the field trip I started to weird out, my grades slipped from Ds, to Fs and I was always irritable. I asked Grover who was once in awhile to see if I could get him to slip, he didn't. The night before my final exam I tried to study. The words swam up off the page and danced around like they were doing 1-80s on skateboards. I couldn't do this. I walked down to the faculty offices hoping was there and could help me. Most of the office doors were closed and no light came from them. But 's was ajar and the light was on. I heard two people talking and stopped to listen to the conversation. " Percy is definitely a half-blood" said one voice. "Did you see him? He can't stay still for 2 seconds and he loses focus so easily."the voice continued. The voice was "Can he read?" he asked. "Apparently he can't Chiron" another responded. It was Grover. "Are you sure?" He asked. "Yes sir" Grover replied."We need to get him the the camp. the deadline-" said Grover in an urgent voice. Camp what camp? "The boy needs to mature more" said . "But Sir, he saw her " said Grover. My mythology book dropped out of my hand and made a thunk on the floor. "Someone is listening to us" Grover said. I picked up the book and backed up the hallway. I opened the nearest door then slipped inside and looked at door. A shadow much taller the my wheelchair-bound teacher appeared. The shadow of something that looked much like a bow in his hand. I heard the slow clop, clop, clop of wood blocks on the floor. Then the sound of an animal sniffed at my door. "Nothing" he mummered. "My nerves haven't been right since the Winter Solstice" Grover said. "Mine either, go get some sleep Grover" replied . "Ok sir" replied Grover. I sat there and waited for a while in the dark. Eventually I slipped out from the door and went back to my dorm. Grover was sitting there like he had been there the entire time. I laid down in my head and pondered what I had heard. The next morning went by in a blur. I finished the 2 hour long Latin test, thinking about how many names I had spelt wrong. Right before I could walk out of the class called me back. "Percy" he said. "Don't be discouraged about leaving Yancy. It's…. it's for the best. Even though he spoke quietly Nancy Bobfit overheard and smirked, making sarcastic kiss motions with her lips. wheeled back and forth for a moment before saying "This isn't the right place for you it…. it was only a matter of time" My eyes stung. Here I am in front of my favorite teacher and he tells me I was destined to be kicked out of Yancy. "Right" I said while trembling. "No, no" said. "Oh confound it all. What I'm trying to say…. you're not normal Percy. That's nothing to be-" "Thanks" I blurted. "Thanks a lot sir, for reminding me." "Percy" but I already gone. On the last day of the term I shoved my clothes into my suitcase. Some of the guys asked me what I was doing for the Summer and I told them I would be going back to the city. One of the guys said "Oh thats cool" then they continued goofing around like I didn't exist. The only person I actually didn't want to say goodbye to was Grover. I didn't have to, he had gotten a ticket for the same Greyhound bus that I had. We got on the bus and were on our way. Grover always seems jumpy and worried when we left Yancy. Finally I couldn't stand it anymore and said "Looking for Kindly ones?" Grover nearly jumped out of his seat "Wha-what do you mean?" I confessed about eavesdropping on him and . His eye twitched "How much did you hear?" " Oh not much, what's the Summer Solstice Deadline?" He winced. "Look Percy… I was just worried for you, see. I mean hallucinating about demon math teachers…" "Grover-" "And I was telling that you might be overstressed or something… because there was no person called " Suddenly something snapped in my brain. I had 'dreamt this' before. Where had I dreamed this happening? It suddenly hit me like a brick wall " BOOM". When I was in the coma. My mom still thought I was crazy. I knew it. This exact thing had happened in my dream. Was the rest of it real? I couldn't remember any other part of the dream " sigh" . Grover shook me out of my thoughts. "Grover your a really bad liar" I mumbled. His ears turned pink. He gave me a card that said. Grover Underwood Keeper Half-Blood Hill Long Island, New York (800) 009-0009 " Whats half-" "Don't say it outloud!" He yelped. "That's my umm…. summer-address." "So thats the number I call if I want to go to your mansion?" I asked. He nodded "Or if you need me" Grover muttered. "Why would I need you?" It came out harsher than I meant it to. Grover blushed right down to his Adam's apple. "Percy look the truth is I- I kind of have to protect you" I didn't say a thing, I just stared.