a deep breath and knocked on the apartment door. There was a crash and the sound of laughter- Percy's laughter. Nico's heart ached. "I'm coming!" The door swung open to show Percy, a wet half-naked Percy with only a towel wrapped around his waist. "Oh, my- Nico?" Nico swallowed and did a sort of half-wave that he instantly regretted. "Hey, Percy." "W-what are you doing here?" Percy took a step away, as though Nico might attack him. "You haven't talked to me since…" "I know," Nico sighed. "I know and I'm sorry. If it's okay, I'd really like to-" "Who's this, babe?" Some blond, surfer-type man wrapped an arm around Percy's waist and pulled him into his side. His blue eyes were narrowed as he took in the sight of Nico. Percy's gaze kept to the floor. "Luke, this is Nico. Nico, this is my-" "Boyfriend," Luke interrupted. Percy stayed silent. "Oh. I see." So this is why Nico never wanted to love anyone. Because it felt like what was left of his heart had been ripped out and then got run over by a monster truck. He tried to smile at them. "Well, it was nice seeing you, Percy. I wish you all the happiness in the world." He left then, as quick as he could. Love sucked. … It was one year later. Nico was still a cupid and summer had come once again. There was nothing quite like a summer romance, as Nico had seen from watching the marks. Though, he was visible now, so he had to be extra careful when on the job. He mostly worked when everyone else was asleep. Nico was getting an ice cream from a food truck, wanting something sweet and cold after a night's hard work. Even though it was only noon, the sun beamed down on New York, easily making it one of the hottest days on record. "One scoop of Blue Moon please." Nico froze. He knew that voice. How could he ever forget it? He turned slowly, expecting this all to be some cruel prank from Cupid. But, no. There was Percy, seventeen now with miniscule changes to his appearance. His black hair was longer, his body leaner and more muscled. His eyes were still as bright though, and the smile he gave the cashier dazzling. Dumbstruck, Nico watched Percy pay and start to eat his treat, appearing to be by himself. He wore a white T-shirt over blue swimming trunks and flip-flops. Percy noticed him. Nico could tell by the stiffening of his shoulders and his stunned expression. He turned to leave, hoping to avoid more pain that would surely come, but Percy's call stopped him short. "Nico!" Nico stopped. Percy jogged toward him, all smiles and happiness, and Nico had to wonder if Luke was the one Percy was meant to be with. He seemed content enough, even though Nico himself felt like there was a hole in his chest. "Yes?" Percy slowed, suddenly seeming shy. "Do you remember me?" Nico wanted to laugh. Remember? How could he not remember Percy Jackson? Still, he just nodded and tried to smile. "Of course. How are you?" "I'm fine." Percy glanced at Nico's back and grinned. "Take up archery?" "Oh. Um, yeah." Nico shifted his shoulders where his bow and arrows were kept. They could be seen by mortal now, but most just assumed they were fake and he was a geeky cosplayer. "What about you? Any new hobbies? Still with Luke?" Percy shook his head slowly. "No to both questions. I'm still pretty much the same and Luke and I broke up. He wanted something that I...just wasn't ready to give yet." That was new, Nico noticed as he stared into Percy's eyes. There was a wall there, one that hadn't been there before. He winced when he realized it was probably because of him. "I'm sorry to hear that." And he was surprised to discover that he really was sorry. He didn't want Percy to be alone. Not when he knew how painful it was. Percy shrugged. "It's okay. My love-life has just been interesting. Guess Cupid's got some plans for me." "Yeah, well, Cupid's an ass." Percy laughed quietly. Nico's ice cream melted in his hand. He took a deep breath. "And he's not the only one. Percy, I want to say I'm so sorry for walking out on you and for ignoring you and-" Chuckling, Percy stepped forward and took Nico's hand. "It's okay. I forgave you a long time ago. And I understand." "Understand?" Nico squeezed Percy's hand, feeling oddly desperate. "How can you not be angry with me? I betrayed your trust. I hurt you-" "But I know why you did it. How can you love someone when you don't even love yourself?" "I did love you, Percy." Nico's voice dropped to a whisper. "I still do. And you may have forgiven me, but I haven't." He hadn't deserved it. He'd bitched about how love didn't exist, but when it was handed to him on a silver platter he threw it away. Percy brought a sticky hand to rub the ridge of Nico's cheekbone like he did when they first met. He smiled. "That's okay. I have time." Ding! They both glanced down at Nico's pocket, Nico with annoyance and Percy with amusement. He dug it out and swiped his thumb over the surface to see the new marks. Nico di Angelo: Age: Eighteen Likes: Mythomagic, Horror films, and Percy Jackson And Percy Jackson: Age: Seventeen Likes: Blue food, Long walks on the beach, and Nico di Angelo Nico looked back at Percy, who was watching him curiously. He felt his lips curl in a grin. "So, Percy. How much do you know about Cupid?" AN: Sorry if Cupid is out of character. I haven't read House of Hades yet, so I was just guessing based on what others have said. Thank you so much for reading! Please leave a review!