Dion who was already here, in the woods on horses. Percy's PoV "WOOO HOOO!TOLD YOU I'D WIN! I AM THE KING OF HORSES!YOU CAN SUCK IT THESS AND TRITON! BOOYAH!"I shouted out while cantering Black Star around with Ana behind me and Thess behind her. I could see everyone laughing at Triton's face when I said that. It was hilarious because Apollo and Hermes had fallen off their horses they were laughing so hard and by now the whole family was here and they were laughing at me and Triton too. We finally calmed down and went to the ampitheater with the horses, campers, gods and Chiron oh and mom and Paul. I made the annoucements with the gods and my siblings. "So hello fellow campers ,if your new and havent heard yet i'm Percy Jackson and I got quite the suprise this morning !" giving the microphone to my dad I went to stand by Thess while Ana jumped onto my back bringing us both down . Thess laughed so me and Ana grabbed an ankle each and pulled him down with us "Ahhhh" he yelped "what the hell did I do to you bro and sis?!"he said right as dad told the camp the three of us are triplets. "WHAT!" everyone screamed. Me ,Ana, and Thess just waved from where we layed still I was being picked up by Apollo and Thess by Hermes,his boyfriend and Ana was picked up by Artemis her girlfriend. Aphrodite and her cabin 'awwwwed' at us three with our girlfriend and boyfriends as they kissed us in perfect timing with each other. Apollo's PoV Hours after we'd introduced the camp to Percy's siblings me and Percy flashed back to the house . We landed on the bed in our room. 'Apollo tell Percy to go into his closet and put the outfit on' Aphrodite told me in my head . I repeated the message and Percy grumbled as he walked into the closet . I smirked and flashed my clothes off ,enjoying the freedom. I also soundproofed the room and made it where no one can get in but me and Percy. He finally walked out of the close and I promptly forgot how to breathe . Percy was dressed in coblat blue lace panties and gold high heels on . His dick was nicley outlined by the panties and the heels made his legs look miles long. I made the 'come here ' gesture with my finger and he came forward to the edge of the bed so i was eye level with the beautifl 10 inch cock of my love . I grasped his hips and leaned forward to mouth at his dick while the panties were still on. He groaned and threaded is fingers into my hair as i kitten licked at his dick. I started kissing down his dick and lifted him above me so i could mouth at his balls . He was a moaning mess when i laid him down on the bed finally. I got down bettween Percy's legs and grabbed the blue underwear with my teeth ,dragging them off his body. He'd lost the heels already. I moved back up to Percy's leaking dick and swallowed it all in one go. He let out a strangled gasp and i started bobbing head . I licked the underside and kissed the tip of it. He guided me with his hand an eventually came down my throat, moaning my name loudly . He flipped over on to his stomach after i had taken my mouth off his dick . I smirked and a made an thick blue dildo appear in his ass . He screamed in pain and pleasure as it stretched him nicley for me . Once it deemed him stretched enough it dissapeared and he whinned from the loss , his pretty pink hole clenching and unclenching . I dove froward and started rimming my love. "Apollo , I love this but if you dont stick your fucking horse sized dick in my ass i will tie you down and have sex with Hermes in front of you!" Percy moaned out. I groaned at the thought of Percy being fucked by my half brother and immediantly sat up . I flipped him over and grabbed his hips . I shoved my hips forward and my 14 inch dick was swallowed by my boyfriends tight ass. I groaned and started fucking him mercilessly . Meanwhile In The Room Of Hermes And Theseus Hermes groaned at the sight of his boyfriend. Thess was wearing green lace panties and black highheels. Apollo didnt know it probably put he always thought of me during sex with Percy so whatever Apollo and Percy did ,Me and Thess did. Meanwhile on Olympus The goddess of love and the goddess of child-birth were disscussing the possibility of how many kids the two Jackson boys would end up being pregnant how many kids total would be in the Jackson household The next day Sally's PoV I was down in the kitchen making breakfest with Paul, Leo and Calypso when all the kids came downstairs . First was a proud looking Apollo and limping Percy. I smothered a laugh at that. Then came a proud Hermes and limping Thess,I smothered another laugh again. Then a smug Nico and limping Will, smug Jason and limping Piper ,smug Reyna and limping Annabeth, proud Ana and limping Artemis and a tired Frank and Hazel. They all sat at the giant kitchen table as the four of us served breakfest and sat down ourselves. I waited until everyone had food in their mouths before i asked my question from the kitchen ,camera in hand and ready . I started streaming live to Olympus. I cleared my throat "So how many kids should i expect to be running around here in afew months?" I questioned loudly Authors Note Tell me if I should continue the story or not please!