Davy Jones was making a deal with the mortal pirate Captain Chase. He held out his hand and she took it tentatively. "Though you should know," he said softly and leaned in. "My deals only hold with the dying." "I know." She met his eyes and gripped his hand tighter. ~xOx~ The rifle kicked in his hands and threw up a cloud of smoke that blocked his sight but he was sure of his aim. Jason lowered his rifle and waited for the haze to clear. When the wind caught the smoke and cleared the air he held her against him with an arm around her waist. His eyes flicked up and Jason nearly stepped back. He'd grown up in a port town listening to the haggard old men use the name as a threat to send shivers down the backs of other men and whisper stories over pints in taverns. Davy Jones was the devil who waited below the depths for every man who dared to take to see. Now he stood on Jason's ship holding the woman he'd been ordered to kill or capture. "Annabeth!" Both men turned to the sound of the scream. Two of Jason's men held back a a girl with feathers braided into her hair while she fought to get past them. Jason recognised her as Chase's first mate. He dropped the rifle and walked to the girl. As soon as she saw him she drew her pistol and cocked it. "I'm sorry," he said softly and ignored the gun pointed at his chest. "It was part of her deal." The gun trembled then fell and the girl broke into tears in front of him. "Piper," he said her name gently. "I was asked to give you this." He took the letter from his breast pocket and held it out for her. "She also wished to tell you the ship is yours. You can take your ship and leave Captain." "Captain Grace," Frank spoke up. "The warrant was for Captain Grace and made no mention of her crew or ship, and until Ms. McLean or her crew are found guilty of a crime I have no reason to arrest them." Jason spoke loud enough for the crew to hear him. "This was her plan." Piper said to herself as much as to him. "A deal with the dying." Jason turned back to the raven haired man still on his ship. "A deal your bound to uphold." Jason couldn't tell if he had been heard or not but the man slammed his sword into the deck and lifted Annabeth up with both arms. "Our debt has been settled, I have no qualms with you or your crew Captain McLean." He turned and moved to the railing. A plank was laid between the ships and the rest of his crew followed him across to their own vessel before it raised anchor and sailed away. Jason and Captain McLean stood at the railing of the H.M.S. Jupiter and watched the ancient ship head towards the horizon. Just as the sun reached the line of the ocean in the distance there was a flash and the ship was gone but just before she disappeared Jason caught sight of a blonde woman standing at the stern of the ship. Jason turned and surveyed his ship. Both battles and the days of skirmishing between them had left his ship battered and frayed. The masts were splintered in places, sails had been hastily patched, and the hull had been damaged by cannon fire. His crew looked no better. "Mr. Zhang, have the deck cleared and make ready to sail, we need to make for port." "Yes, Captain." The first officer gave a quick salute and set about giving the men instructions. "Captain McLean, you'll be escorted back your ship." Jason turned to her. "How exactly did you manage to get aboard my ship?" "I asked," she shot back. "Don't think this is the last you'll see of me or the Argo II." Her hand dropped to her sword as she spoke. "I didn't expect it to be," he said and gave her a weak smile. "For what it's worth, I'm sorry." She gave him a curt nod before she turned and left. As soon as she was gone Reyna stepped up beside him. "I'm glad to see you made it through the fight, I expect you'll give a report of what happened when we return to port?" "The pirate Annabeth Chase was killed in the fighting, a third ship then intervened and opened fire on you. It was driven off but the Argo II managed to slip away. However both ships were severely damaged in the fighting and are unlikely to be seen again." Jason turned and stared at her. "Thank you," he said just loud enough for her to hear. "Captain McLean is... interesting…" Jason noticed the slight smile on Reyna's lips. "I'll wager she's wanted for Piracy within a week." Jason said with a smile in his voice. "You think it will take her that long?" He let out a laugh and watched the Argo II raise its sails. ~xOx~ "Ms. Chase," his voice drew her eyes away from the green-black water they cut through. "Take the wheel." He stepped away and gestured for her to take over. The wood felt warm beneath her hands and the ship seemed to breath in the gentle wind. Annabeth had spent her time on the seas but this was unlike any ship she had ever stood on. To her it felt as if the sea had built it herself and it had never known land, only the pull of the open sea. "Where to, Captain?" She glanced over her shoulder to him. "Does it matter? You have the next thousand years to get there." The words struck her hard, a thousand years aboard this ship. "I suppose not," she said quietly and looked out to the water ahead. "Welcome aboard, Ms. Chase."