but I can't. I'm terribly sick." "Well, isn't that ironic? A doctor is terribly sick." I laughed, "Well, get well soon." We said our good nights and went to bed. I couldn't help but be saddened by the fact that Percy can't attend my graduation. The next day, I woke up late, which was fine because I didn't have classes anymore. Around after lunch, I started to get ready for the graduation. I wore a dress that Silena gave me a couple years ago. It was a light blue and sleeveless cocktail dress; Calvin Klein rain draped dress to be exact. My hair was in a messy bun and I wore make-up. My shoes were silver Alexander McQueen heart peep toe skull pumps that Silena forced me to buy some years ago. I went to the venue of the graduation and as I got there, they were already lining up, wearing the toga. I went to my place and wore my toga. The program went on smoothly, no problem or whatsoever. When I went up the stage to say my speech, I was hoping that Percy would magically appear out of nowhere. I scanned the audience before I gave my speech and I saw someone waving at me…someone named Percy. I smiled widely and said my speech, happily and confidently. Everything was rather a blur after my speech because all that was in my mind was talking to Percy. As soon as the program ended, I ran to Percy, which was quite hard because of my heels. "Congratulations, Wise Girl." He said as he hugged me. "Thank you." I said as I let go of him after a few minutes, "What are you doing here?" "I can't live with myself knowing that I missed your graduation." "But I thought you were sick." "I still am but don't mind that. You finally graduated Law!" "I still can't believe it, you know." "After how many years of studying, you finally did it." I smiled at him and he smiled back but he started coughing. "C'mon, let's take you home." I said as I rubbed his back. "No, you go out. Celebrate. I'll stay at the hotel." "No, I'll go with you." "You shouldn't stay in with me. I'll probably just get you sick. Go out and celebrate, Wise Girl." "Then have some extra medicine because I'd have more fun being sick with you rather than celebrate without you." He smiled at me and gave me his blazer as I removed my toga. We got a cab and I told the cabbie the hotel's address. We went to his room when we got to the hotel. He let me use the bathroom first so I exchanged my dress for Percy's shirt. After I used the bathroom, Percy went in and changed. A few minutes later, he came out only wearing pajama bottoms. "Come here, Percy. Let's rub some Vicks on you chest." "But I don't like that!" "I said come here, Percy. This will make you better." "Well, catch me." He said then ran away from me. I ran after him then I tackled him. I was on top of him and opened the container while he squirmed under me. I smiled at him menacingly then rubbed some Vicks on his chest. He pouted at me; I laughed at him, and then stood up. "Now, turn around so I can rub on some Vicks on your back." He followed me and turned around. I put on some Vicks on his back. "Wear your shirt. Drink lots of water and go to bed." I instructed. Since there was only one bed, we had to share and sleep beside each other. Percy did what I told him to. I sat down on the bed, under the blanket, and watched TV. Percy lied down and a few minutes later, he was snoring. I smiled to myself, played with his hair for a while, and continued watching TV. Frankly, being with Percy and taking care of him is better than celebrating. xxxxx "Annabeth, where's Percy?" Silena whined. Right now, we're sitting at BLT Steak, waiting for Percy. We have this friends get together every Saturday. This week, I chose the place where we were having dinner and of course since I love Gordon Ramsay, I chose his restaurant. Silena, Nico, Thalia, the Stoll brothers, and I are sitting at BLT Steak, waiting for Percy. "I don't know, he's not answering his phone." I said as I put my phone back in my bag. It was kind of a miracle to have all of them here. Silena writes for Vogue. She's a regular columnist and she sometimes interviews people. There's no doubt that she's always in style and knows what's in or out. Nico does autopsies and works along with the Stoll brothers. As for the brother's, they are NYPD detectives. They know almost every case of murder, suicide, or homicide in New York City. Thalia is a journalist and a columnist for the New York Times. I'm a defense lawyer and Percy is a doctor. "Of all the time to be late, Percy chooses to be late right now." Silena complained. I looked at the door and that moment, I saw Percy come in. "Percy's here." I announced. Percy removed his coat and walked to our table with a huge smile on his face. He sat down, his smile still unfaltering. "Why are you late?" Thalia asked angrily. "I asked Rachel to marry me." Percy simply stated. There was a chorus of what's and how's but the one I heard the loudest was, "What did she say?" He sighed, smiled widely, and said, "She said yes." A/N: Thanks for reading! :) Tell me what you think of the chapter. Write a review. It makes me smile throughout the day. So make me smile and write a review :D Question of the Chapter: Do you have a relationship that is similar to Percy and Annabeth's with someone? :)