hatching," Anger began to cheer, which sounded like strangled hiccups to Percy. The other sisters screamed in terror. The taxi crashed into the sides of two trees, then barreled toward a gas station. "Noooooo!" screamed Wasp. "It can't hatch now. It is too soon!" Anger screamed too. A stream of curse words flying from her mouth as she reached across her two sisters to the steering wheel. Wasp tried to yank the wheel away from Anger but instead sent the taxi in a sharp right turn narrowly missing the station. Tempest made a grab for the iPhone before it flew into the windshield. She caught it and her expression turned hungry. "Eggs are so tasty," she said. But her expression turned sour. "But not the Hatchlings of Hera. They are-" Anger's fist came out of nowhere and punched her sister in the face. "Be quiet or the demigods will hear. We can't give away any more information," Anger hissed to her sister. Annabeth's head whipped toward the sister in the middle. "Hatchlings of Hera?" It was clear that she had never heard of the Hatchlings of Hera, which was rare of Annabeth. She usually knew about every single myth ever told. "Don't you want this storm to stop?" Tempest asked sucking on the drachma, rubbing her now sore cheek. "It's so bad for business." "Be quiet, be quiet! We cannot anger the gods now! We were just about to get a new car. One with a working radio," Wasp said angrily stomping on the gas pedal a few times. Percy felt his stomach jump up to his throat as the car lurched. "What hatchling?" Annabeth pressed. "Is it causing this storm?" "Nothing!" Sang Anger grabbing for the iPhone in Tempest's hand. "It's nothing. We were talking about the egg hatching in my Pokémon GO! App." Percy exchanged looks with Annabeth and they came to an agreement. If the Grey Sisters knew anything about that baby in the sky, then they had to get the information. "Hey Tempest," Percy said while he steeled himself against the disgusting thing he was about to do. They couldn't take the eye from Anger, but they could take something else that would make the Grey Sisters talk. Tempest turned toward him. He lunged at her face. His hand came in contact with a large slimy tooth. Yanking on the tooth, he pulled it out of her mouth. Tempest screamed, more in indignation than pain. Annabeth pulled her drakon bone sword out and pointed it at Tempest to prevent her from coming in the backseat. "Now, tell me about these Hatchlings of Hera. How do they relate to these weird storms?" Annabeth demanded. "Give me back my tooth!" Cried Tempest clutching the drachma to her chest, clearly afraid they would take that too. "I recognize you two," Anger said finally turning her bloodshot eye onto them. "You were the ones who took our eye last time." "Yep," Annabeth said. "And now we have your tooth. Which I will ask my wonderful boyfriend to smash if you don't start talking." Percy took out Riptide in pen form. He didn't uncap it, fearing that two swords in a moving taxi with a distracted driver would equal a very messy accident. But he tried to look as threatening as possible. "We can't tell you. We promised," Anger hissed shaking the iPhone at them. "We are almost at camp anyway." "We'll give you each a drachma at the end of the car ride if you can tell us something," Annabeth bribed, taking out three more coins. They glinted in the sunlight that popped out of the fading storm. The sisters got a greedy look on their faces. They muttered to themselves. They glanced at the sky then back at the demigods. "We can only tell you one thing." They all said in creepy unison. Smiles stretched their faces into melting wax masks. Heat started rise from the seats of taxi until the air became blistering hot. Percy held on tightly to the tooth. Sweat began to pop out on his forehead. Annabeth pressed the point of the sword harder against Tempest who ignored her. "The first monster that came out of one of the eggs nearly destroyed the gods, twice. Now his sibling desires to try its luck. Storms shall continue to burst forth as it tries to escape from the shell." The three old ladies laughed madly. Percy shivered as the heat drained back out of the taxi. A monster that could destroy the gods nearly twice? He could think of a few monsters that could potentially kill the gods. He thought about Bessie the Sea Cow he had rescued on his quest to save Artemis. He hoped Bessie had nothing to do with it. "We're here!" Anger said, then turned back to her iPhone, Zubat flapping on the screen ready to do a gym battle against Vulpix. "Give us the drachmas!" Wasp demanded. Annabeth gave her the coins "Give me my tooth!" Tempest spat. Percy gave her the tooth, which Tempest jammed back into her gums. She tried out a one-toothed smile at Anger who ignored her. "What does the monster have to do with Hera?" Percy asked as he scooted out of the taxi. Thunder boomed and Percy had a feeling that it was Hera not the monster in the sky. "We told you we can only tell you one thing. Plus, we promised Her Majesty not to speak of that particular choice." Wasp caused the taxi doors to slam shut and the taxi sped away. Rain began to pour down again. Percy looked the sky. The sun was fading behind the clouds but not before he saw blood red lips and a scaly tongue try to suck on the bright disk. A flash of lightning crashed into tongue. Percy was about to comment to Annabeth but she spoke first. The fear in her voice sent more chills up his spine. "Percy, the camp. It's completely flooded."