cupcakes." Annabeth smiles and pulls the apron over her head. She pulls the strings behind her and attempts to knot them together. Percy steps it from behind the counter and takes the strings from her. In a few quick movements he ties them and gives a tug on her apron to be sure it stays. He leads her to the back and shouts to his mom letting her know the front needs to be covered. Sally emerges from her office and gives Annabeth a knowing smile before heading to the front. "So, what are you hungry for today? Any particular cravings?" Percy asks and leans against the metal table top. "Something fruity," Annabeth tells him. Percy's eyebrows knit together for a moment in thought. "Do you like peaches?" he says with a little smile. Annabeth nods and Percy takes her to get the ingredients. He pulls flour and sugar, butter and eggs, milk and fresh peaches. Percy leads her step by step through the process. Once or twice he steps up behind her and helps before his words become clipped and his hands shake. Annabeth smiles and pushes back the sensation of his hands on hers and his smell. By the time they're half way through her cheeks hurt from smiling. Just as they slide the tray into the oven Percy's stepfather arrives with Hannah, who immediately demands she help make the cupcakes. Effectively, though, it quickly becomes a chance to play around. Somehow flour gets thrown and it turns into a fight. The three of them end up dusted in white from head to toe and laughing. Percy is sent to find a broom to clean up, leaving Hannah under Annabeth's watch. "Momma says if Percperc doesn't ask you out soon you're gonna turn him into cupcakes," Hannah says flatly while drawing flowers in the flour. Annabeth hears something clatter to the ground behind them. "Is that so?" Annabeth pretends to lean over and inspect Hannah's drawings. "Yeah," Hannah says solemnly. "She says she loves him but he's dense." "Well—" Annabeth stands back up— "she's a smart woman," Annabeth makes sure to say loud enough for a certain eavesdropper to overhear. Percy appears a minute later with a broom and dustpan and sets about cleaning up their mess. Annabeth and Hannah both help him and they manage to make the kitchen look presentable by the time the cupcakes are baked. Percy sets up both of the girls with frosting and decorations. Hannah's first cupcake comes out nicer looking than Annabeth's and Hannah beams. She then sets about instructing Annabeth how to properly frost a cupcake. Percy watches and laughs and frosts his own. Hannah is a harsh critic and picks at every detail Annabeth makes a mistake on. "No, no, sloooower." Hannah instructs. "You gotta take is slooowww." She draws out the word and points to the frosting. Annabeth looks at the cupcake then down at Hannah before grabbing the half frosted cupcake and smashing it into the little girl's face. Hannah lets out a squeal before grabbing a handful of icing from a finished dessert and chucking it. The throw goes wide and hits Percy in the face. Annabeth starts laughing instantly. Percy wipes the frosting from his face before glaring at Hannah for a second. "Sorry Percperc." Hannah says in a timid voice. "Not yet you're not," Percy's eyes light up and he grins. Hannah squeals again and turns to run but Percy catches her and lifts her up. Hannah erupts into laughter and Percy blows raspberries against her stomach. Annabeth leans back against the counter and watches them. Hannah wiggles free and runs around the kitchen with Percy trailing after her making monster noises until Sally leans her head in and clears her throat. Both of the kids stop dead in their tracks. "Don't bother trying to blame each other," Sally cuts off their pleas before they can start. "Annabeth dear, it's getting late. When do you have to be headed home?" Annabeth checks the time and frowns. "I should probably head home now." She admits regretfully. "Well get going then, these two will take care of the mess, won't they?" Sally cocks her head to the side and raises her eyebrows. "Yes, mom." They say in unison. "Percy, walk Annabeth out." Sally says quickly and looks in her direction. Annabeth gives her a smile of thanks. "Yeah, of course." Percy wipes his hands on his apron and glances around. Annabeth pulls her apron off and leaves it on the counter. Percy follow behind her just a step and Sally grabs Hannah with the excuse of getting her cleaned up. Annabeth keeps an eye on him as they close on the front door and waits for something to happen. She even slows her pace to give him more time. It's just as she's reaching for the door that he finally speaks up. "Hey, Annabeth?" She hides the smile and turns. "Yeah?" "I, uh- I was- was wondering if you…" He clears his throat. "Next week- maybe you, uh-" She can see his determination crumbling. "Already thinking of next week's flavor?" "Actually I was wondering if you wanted to get dinner instead." The words come out in a rush. "Yes," Annabeth says before he can turn and bolt. "You- yeah?" Percy says dumbfounded. Annabeth laughs lightly. "It took you long enough." Annabeth grabs the front of his apron and presses her lips to his quickly. "I'll see you next week for our date," she says and pushes the door open with one hand. "See you next week," Percy says with a grin. Annabeth steps out onto the street and gives him a wave goodbye. Percy waves back and watches as she walks away before shouting in joy. Unfortunately for him Annabeth still hears but decides to let it slide, figuring he deserves it after finally asking her out. A note of thanks to ragingserenity for reading through the mess that was the unedited fic and fixing it