shoes he owned and how many t shirts. "Do you have any posters or anything you want to put up? My dad won't mind." In a minute all of his posters were up, plastered to the wall by his powers. "I didn't know you liked these bands." Jason rubbed the back of his neck. "Well Thalia likes them and sent me a list of ones I had to listen too. They grew on me." A signed poster from Three Days Grace, A Semi Precious Weapons one from an old tour and a band she didn't recognize. "It's from when she was younger." It took her a second, but then she realized that Thalia was supposed to be like 24, and she was only frozen when she was fourteen which meant she had a while to decide what music she liked. "What year was she born in again? 1987, right?" When he nodded, she shook her head. "90's music, bleh." She felt her heart flutter when he laughed, like it was trying to fly with him. Jason wrapped his arms around her waist and pressed his forehead to her's. "You know, we haven't even had a second date yet, if we can even count the one on the roof. Is it too soon to say I love you?" When she shook her head he moved so his lips were merely centimeters from her's. "Well then. I love you Pipes." And then nothing else mattered because oh gods it felt good to kiss him in real life. His hands pulling her to him tightly, her hands running through the hair he had grown out just enough. By the time he pulled away, she was breathless. Not from lack of air of course. "There's something I want to show you, something I found when I was younger and loved exploring the house." She reluctantly moved out of his arms, receiving a little resistance. She pecked him on the lips again, now being free to move over to the book shelf. The shelves had about a foot of space in between each one to make room for taller books such as the few Atlas's her dad had placed in the room. "I hope it still works." She moved so that she was kneeling in front of the shelves before grasping a seemingly random book. When she moved it and put it in the empty slot on the next shelf, she moved back a little. For a second nothing happened. "I thought..." And then it started moving, slowly at first like it was getting used to moving again. When it had revealed a small crawlway, just large enough for someone Frank's size to crawl through, it stopped. It was still on the rug, leaving no marks. "I'll explain once you go through, it only stays like that for thirty seconds." Once he was through, she quickly followed. As soon as she had gotten all but her legs in, it started moving again. She pulled them through quickly as to not get them crushed. She reached up and found the light switch, which showed the hallway they were in. It was a tight squeeze for two people standing next to each other. "It's for emergencies. The door behind you leads to my room, so if you can move, that would be lovely. Oh, and did I mention the walls here are sound proof? All except the ones we came through." When he moved, she quickly knocked on the back of the book shelf, letting Tala know to let her through. Then, she turned off the light. When they were through, Piper took in her old room. It was a lot smaller than Jason's, but it was perfect none the less. Her bed was the centerpiece, with it's blue and brown styled blankets and pillows, while the underside of the bed was filled with drawers for her to put clothes in. She had no dresser or closet, only a master type bathroom like the rest of the bedrooms in the house. There was a love seat in the corner, a double desk for her to do homework and of course the bookshelf they just came through. "So basically the rug is there for camouflage. Since it's shag, it covers the tracks that it uses pretty well. You can either go back to your room through the hallway or you can just push start the bookcase in your room. There is an emergency key that we can use to get through any doorway, but only my dad and Elvis have one." Piper quickly explained before noticing that Tala wouldn't meet our eyes. "Tala, we just finished putting all of his stuff away in his room. Do you mind helping me with mine?" It took a few minutes, but suddenly the room felt more like home to her. "So. Since we're all finished in here, can I show him the basement?" Tala looked ready to fall over she was bouncing so much. Without even waiting for an answer, she dragged Jason out of the room and over to one of the doors. She pressed a keycode in, making the door swing open. "This is the only way to get down stairs. Not even the secret passageways get to it." And then they were off down three flights of stairs. It was a miracle they didn't fall, especially after the door slammed shut behind them as Jason had jumped a foot in the air, bringing Tala with him. "Please don't kill my cousin! I actually like this one!" Piper tried to kept a straight face but it was hard when Jason was pouting like that. "Oh fine, just go." And they were racing down the stairs again, all previous anger forgotten. "Vous les gars sont ces enfants*." Author's Note: Hope you guys like the chapter. Anyway, here's the translations: *jusqu'à ce que nous nous reverrons: until we meet again. *vous les gars sont ces enfants: You guys are such children