Chiron exclaimed. "And Elijah,Emily and Aangela have to go on the quest!" He exclaimed "They can choose who they want to go with!" "I choose Blake!" Emily said. "I choose Jake!" Aangela said. "I choose !"Elijah said coming toward me. "And I've already started make our ride, after all,I am the son of Hephaestus." He said. I did a double take. I didn't realize that everyone was staring at me until Aangela pointed at my head. ",daughter of Nike!" Chiron said. "I choose Angelina too!" Emily said "I choose Destiny!" I yelled. " and Alaina!" "Joe!" Everyone was chosen after a while. "Well then,You all get to your cabins." Chiron said. "What about me?" I asked,sheepishly. "I'll take you!" Elijah said "It's on the way to my cabin!" He brought me there and I saw an old woman crouching near the bushes. "Save meeeeeee…..Save meeeee!"She screamed in agony. "Do you see that, Elijah?" I asked him He was looking at that exact spot. "Yeah, the old woman, right?!" "Yeah, and SHUT UP!" I whispered-shouted to him. "I should check it out." He said. He stepped toward. "Mrs, who are you" He asked She smiled and disappeared "WHAT WAS THAT?!" Elijah said. "Shut up and I don't know" "Let's go!" I rolled my eyes and followed him. He stopped at a yellow cabin with a laurel and a winged shoe above the door. "Well then, bye!" I waved. I went inside to see a tall, athletic looking, asian girl who introduced herself as Becca. I waved and introduced said that the other girl in bed was Chelsea and she'll introduce us when she awoke. "Well then..Good Night" I said and jumped to my bunk. I lay awake at night, one side of me wondering ' Why am I going on this quest? My parents will kill me' But the other side said ' My parents are not here. I am a demigod,and my parents aren't really my parents. Nike is. Well, my dad is. But, not my mom. I mean stepmom! Ugh! I've always thought she was my mom, but I guess not! I snapped back to reality. I thought about why I was here, I drifted off to sleep. I woke up with the sunlight streaming into the room, A girl with blond hair and blue eyes was standing over me. "Wake up, sleepy head!" She said, I think Becky said her name was Chelsea. The girl,Chelsea, poked my nose. I swatted her hand away. "Don't touch me!" I growled and scowled." And get off of me!" Chelsea yanked her hand back " I just warned you. Classes start in 10 minutes!" I shot up and grabbed what looked like a orange T-shirt and capris and rushed into the bathroom and changed. I pulled my long, brown hair into a side ponytail,stuck a bow on it, and ran outside to what my first class was, which was archery. I ran into the dome and grabbed a bow and arrow. I notched an arrow and shot a bulls-eye. "You're pretty good!" A voice said. I turned around to see a black haired boy with blue eyes. "Hi" I grumbled. "Someones a saddie-maddie!" He said. "You must be a Apollo kid" I grumbled. "No, I'm a Hades kid. Of course I'm a Apollo kid!, But that shot was pretty good!" He said. "I didn't catch your name!" I called out as he jogged out. "Names Evan Solace!" "And my names Mata" I called out, sadly. A horn blew across the camp. "All quest members report to campfire!" I dropped my bow and arrow and ran out of the door. I made it there first and Blake,Aangela,Emily,Jake,Elijah and Angelina made it there after me. "Weirdly, Elijah has made transportation for you guys in 2 nights!"Chiron said. We all stood there, our mouths hanging wide open as he made that walked by,closing each of our mouths for us. "Bad-boy extreme #2 is back!" He said. "HE NEVER LEFT AND ITS SUPER-SIZED MCSHIZZLE!" A voice rang out from the entrance. We all turned and say an extremely buff latino guy with elf ears walking toward us. One cabin ran up to him and awed at him. "Dad?"One kid yelled. Leo went up to him and started hugging him. "Wheres my little Tui!" "Dad, don't call me Tui!" "Wheres Espie?" "Who's calling himself bad-boy extreme when he's right here!" He said, still hugging the little boy, Tulio,I think. "Im sorry ryy !" Elijah stuttered."Can I show you our transportation for our quest?" "Sure!" The Latino, Leo, boomed. "I made it in 2 days!"Elijah said, "With the cabins help of course!" Elijah scrambled off with Leo at his heels and we started cracking up. P.O.V. Elijah I scrambled off to Bunker nine, with Leo at my heels. I can't believe I'm showing LEO VALDEZ, The person who almost single-handedly built an entire Flying Greek warship by himself, my first thing I built! We made it to bunker nine and I practically pranced in. I held out my arms to a tour bus. "Ta-da!" I said. "Its just a tour bus!" He exclaimed. I winced. "No. Its a an ever expanding tour bus with 2 floors, for girls and the boys, A dining hall,kitchen,game room,built in-wii,engine room, auto drive,bathrooms, living room, 50" screen in the living room and a 100" screen for each floor."I "Nice!" He said. I was having a Dionysus party on the inside. I just got complimented by Leo Valdez! "Would you like me to give you a tour?" I said. "Sure" He replied. I went inside, him trailing behind me, and showed him stayed in and I turned on the autopilot and lounged back as everyone oohed and aahed when we came swooping in. Everyone went to their cabins, got their stuff, and got into the Tour bus.I assigned everyone to their floor. The boys and I plopped down on the couch in our living room and watched a movie on the 100" tv.