Leo's mood deflated like a pathetic, yet somehow endearing balloon. "But—but—" "No buts, man, it was a condition to Chiron even letting up stay here. GPA of 3.5 or above." Leo turned the music down and mumbled something along the lines of "fine, dad" while closely resembling a small, scolded child. This made Percy blanch and then redden in embarrassment as if someone was tampering with the thermostat on his face. "Stop calling me dad, dude! Hephaestus is literally going to blast my ass into dust with some sort of workshop tool!" Piper and Leo had taken to calling Percy and Annabeth "mom and dad" because of how paternal the two had gotten since moving in together. Annabeth found it amusing, but for some reason it freaked Percy out to no end. Nico speculated it was because the boy had never been responsible for anything in his life. Well, it wasn't even like he was incredibly worthy of responsibility at this point, because Nico was sure that he would own no clothes if Piper didn't shop for him and would consistently forget to even buy groceries if Annabeth hadn't made a chore chart for all of them (Nico was on laundry duty because he was the only boy that didn't wig out washing panties. It was like they wanted him to constantly roll his eyes, he was sure of it.) Anyway, Piper had even gone so far as to comment "dad" on all of Percy's Instagram pictures, which confused and alarmed him. Everyone else — Nico included — thought it was hilarious. The situation progressed with Percy chasing Leo around the living space in an attempt to discredit his paternal title and Leo was combatting him by yelling the word "dad" in as many languages as he could think of ("Padre! Paterfamilias!"). Nico chose then to grab his lighter and proceed to fish out the joint he had rolled earlier that day from his hoodie's pocket. He saw Frank raise an eyebrow at the small object but when confronted with Nico's middle finger in response, his hands went up in surrender and he went back to studying his playbook. Just as Nico was about to light up, he heard a ping from his phone. He wrestled with the device before finally managing to turn it on, and seeing that the text was from Hazel. His anger melted. Will be home later on tonight because my lab is running late; sorry! Save me some food, please! Love you, Hazel Nico had to grin at the formality of her texts. Perfect grammar, signature at the end. How very 1940's. He glanced over to see Frank smiling down at his phone as well, meaning he had received a similar message from his girlfriend. Relaxed, Nico sighed and let himself fall back into a lazy position in the couch and held the end of his Zippo up to the tip of the joint. He would have to get as many puffs in as possible before Percy slapped him upside the head and threw it away. It was good to be home. Later on that night, after Nico had become a drowsy, lethargic presence in a room of drinking half-bloods and all of the apartment's residents were drifting off to sleep, he again found himself on the couch. Opposite him in a love seat were Percy and Annabeth, with whom he had just been discussing dates for their return to camp. He knew the both of them were anxious to get back to counseloring. He understood. If Nico though of Camp Half-Blood with half of the fondness that those two did, he would never want to leave. Annabeth was residing in Percy's lap after a few glasses of wine. She seemed a bit more relaxed. Although, in fairness, that could be attributed in large parts to her current closeness to Percy. As her eyes drooped down for the third noticeable time, Nico watched as Percy patted her leg fondly to get her attention. "Alright, Wise Girl," he whispered, "time for bed. Come on." Annabeth nodded dazedly and moved to get up, but Percy held fast onto his grip of her and instead picked her up in the same way one would a bride over the threshold to her new home. If Annabeth was surprised by this, she didn't show it. All she did was snuggle closer to Percy's chest and yawn softly as he looked down at her, eyes sparkling. He addressed Nico. "Alright, man, we're headed up. Don't stay up too late." Nico nodded silently and tipped his empty glass toward them in acknowledgement. Percy seemed satisfied with this. He padded up the stairs to his and Annabeth's shared room as quietly as he could. Nico began to think about the old proximity theory someone had told him about some time ago. That if you spent enough time with someone, eventually you would develop romantic feelings for them, or something like that. He clicked open his phone to look at his home screen — it was a picture of himself and Will Solace, sitting next to each other at some dive bar in Brooklyn. Will had insisted upon the photo. Nico, surprisingly, had relented. He smiled at the picture softly and closed his eyes, lost in memories. Maybe the theory was half-right. Maybe he saw these people as family because they lived and acted like one. But maybe not. Maybe it was the other way around. Will was always better at philosophy than he was, so Nico resigned himself to not knowing. He'd bring it up with him in the morning. There you have it! Sorry for any typo's here and there; the story is un-beta'd. Anyway, please review whether you think I should continue with these! I have a few ideas; a monster attacks one of the seven, Calypso comes by, Annabeth has a stress breakdown (we saw the beginnings of that here), drunk!Heroes, etc. Thanks so much, and please review! -Summer Sunrises