the hell did he think he was up to? But he didn't listen. I panicked, what would my mom think if she just walked in right now? And then I stopped, mid-thought. Kyle was standing in front of me, without legs. In place of his legs he had furry legs and instead of feet he had, well, hooves. "Surprise," Kyle said weakly, trying to smile. I felt my knees wobble below me, so I sat on my bed. "You're half donkey?" "Goat! I'm half goat!" Kyle exclaimed, stamping his foot, I mean, hoof. I felt my head swimming with worries and thoughts. My mind went blank, and I fell back onto my bed. ... "Oh, thank the gods, she's awake," my mom whispered, rushing over to me and pulling me into a hug. "You have got to stop fainting so much." "He's a...a...a..." I stammered, sitting up and frantically searching the room for any sign of Kyle. "Shhh, honey. I know. He's a satyr. He left, he was embarrassed." My mom stroked my hair back from my face. She handed me a drink, and I sipped it. I'd tasted it before. It was like piña colada. My mom handed me a bag, and a box full of pancakes along with apple juice. "What?" I questioned, my voice hoarse. "It's morning," my mom answered. "You're leaving today." The doorbell rang. I sprang out of bed, yanked the door open and found Kyle there alongside some other girl who looked about as confused as I felt. Which, by the way, was a lot. "Dawn, meet Nicole, Nicole, meet Dawn," Kyle introduced. Nicole had brown hair, intense green eyes, and she held a dagger in her hand. She saw me staring. "Imperial Gold, that's what the satyr says, anyway," Nicole explained, twirling the dagger in her hand. Even though she looked very confused, I couldn't help but notice a dangerous glint in her eye. By looking at her, I guessed that if you messed with her, she'd do karma's job instead. "Um, nice," I said. She smiling half-heartedly, her innocent look returning. I couldn't help but wonder why Kyle had decided to put us together. ... "Keep safe, and make sure they serve pancakes." My mom enclosed me in a hug. I could barely breathe, but I tried to keep it strong and not cry. "I will, you too," I whispered. "Did you pack everything? Have you got your toothbrush? Some clothes? What about snacks? You'll need snacks. Oh, god, did you remember the snacks?" "Mom, really, I'm fine, everything's fine," I sighed, smiling. My mom let me go, and looked me once over before turning and running into our house, her eyes blurred with tears. I turned round to face Nicole and Kyle, who were awkwardly looking at each other. "Are you okay?" Nicole asked gently, stepping towards me carefully and patting my shoulder. I wiped away an escaped tear. "Yeah, I'm fine. Why wouldn't I be?" "Dawn, it's okay to be sad about leaving your mom," Kyle insisted. "Yeah, well, I'm fine," I snapped. "So, are we all ready to go?" Nicole asked, looking between me and Kyle. "Yeah, we're ready," I said, keeping my eyes on Kyle. "Ready as we'll ever be." ... We trudged through the city of New York in an uncomfortable silence, nearly losing each other several times in the busy streets. Lucky for me, I didn't have the New York accent, so people wouldn't ever wonder why we were getting lost if we lived here. Some time passed when we came across a nearly empty Subway. "I don't know about you guys, but I'm starving," Nicole stated, rubbing her stomach. Mine rumbled in agreement. "Sure." Kyle nodded his head enthusiastically. He opened up his bag, and cursed in Ancient Greek. Somehow, I knew what he said, it was, Curse My Unlucky Gym Shorts. "What?" I asked. "Did you understand that?" I turned to Nicole. She nodded. "I only have Drachma on me," Kyle explained. "You mean," I said. Drachma, that was the currency in Ancient Greece. "Ancient Greek currency?" "Yeah, no dollars, though," Kyle muttered. I searched through my bag and pulled out two twenty dollar bills. "Problem solved." I grinned. ... We walked through the door, and a little bell went off somewhere in the back of the shop. We were the only customers besides a small, old man wearing tattered police uniform. We figured it was best not to talk to him. I walked up to the counter and my eyes lingered on the lady behind the counter. She had long curly ebony hair, deep brown eyes so that they almost appeared white, and pale skin that had a slight green tint to it. I didn't know if I imagined that. She covered all her skin except her face and neck. She wore a high collared shirt, long pants, doc martens and gloves that everyone had to wear when working. "Hi," she said brightly. "How many I help you?" "Well, we'll take it to go, but I'll have a half size Italian bread with cheese, ham, pickles and honey mustard sauce," I said. The lady smiled again, and made my order. I looked at her name tag. Dracula. What a weird name to give someone. I didn't know if she was pranking or being serious, but I didn't bother about it. Once Nicole and Kyle had gotten their orders were paid, and were about to leave when the blinds on the windows fell down and the doors all slammed shut. "What's going on?" Nicole yelled, grabbing me and Kyle and sticking close to us. "I have no idea," Kyle stuttered. "I do." We turned round, and right where the lady 'Dracula' had been, was a woman in the top half, but on the bottom half, she had two large snake trunks. "Die!" She threw a spear at me, and I was slow to move. I saw it come closer, and a scream escaped me.