telling him what to do. Teenagers were irrational, half-blood teenagers even more so. The more you tried to reign them in, the harder they fought to get free. He'd have better luck winning a dog show with Mrs. O' Leary. "It's feels wrong, Annabeth," he breathed, listening to the ocean's melody. "The sea is wrong. The world is wrong. And that vision… I can't help but think there's something more going on, something we're not seeing. Whatever it is… we can't do anything about it. We're useless." Annabeth pulled him into a tight hug. He responded with a tighter one. He held her close, taking what comfort he could in her embrace. It would've put him at peace once. There'd been a time where he thought he'd won. He thought he'd beaten all the world could throw at him, despite the odds, and gotten his happy ending. But the happy ending had the day after it, and the day after that. The world marched on regardless. Fate marched on. He almost yearned for those days back. At least then he'd been able to do something more than sit around negotiating. A sword in his hand with a monster to slay was much simpler. "There is something you can do," Annabeth said, pulling away from him. "The vision said to offer your guidance, right?" "Sure, but… What kind of guidance do I have to offer?" "Oh, plenty. Different species of fish, oceanic currents, how to survive a world-ending prophecy, varieties of whale-song…" Percy gave her a shove. "Okay, I see your point. But who am I supposed to help? And why?" Annabeth frowned, deep in thought. "Well… One of the six is obvious. I think I know another… I'm at a loss on the other four. Any ideas?" Percy thought he knew which two she meant, but had no better ideas for the rest. "Who knows? I'm supposed to be on call for an extraction out of New York in the next few days. The satyr at Yancy's caught wind of a notable street urchin. Maybe I'll get lucky and they'll have all the answers." Annabeth smirked. "Yes, maybe. That'd be a nice change of pace. A transparent prophecy would be too much to ask for." Percy raised an eyebrow. "I don't really think this counts as a prophecy." "What would you call it?" "Uh…" "Looks like Rachel might have competition for her job, Mr. Oracle. I'll try to break it to her lightly." "But none of it even rhymes!" Percy protested. "Er, well, most of it doesn't!" Annabeth shrugged. "Maybe the Fates are running out of rhymes. There's only so many rhymes in the English language, and they clearly exhausted Greek and Latin a while ago. Maybe Rachel's next prophecy will be in Spanish instead." Percy rolled his eyes at her. "I now foresee you taking an unexpected dip in the lake sometime this week." "Is that a threat, Seaweed Brain? You prepared to handle the payback?" "You bet I am, Wise Girl." The two of them laughed, holding each other and kissing under the moon. They tried to enjoy each other's company as much as they could, but they were both distracted. Thoughts of what might lie ahead plagued them. Each tried to find a way to avoid it. Each tried to make sense of Percy's vision. Their laughter died down in short order, and again they silently listened to the tense pitch of the ocean's song. The eastern sky continued to lighten, and the forest was starting to wake. After a time, Annabeth yawned and stood. Her clothes were still dry, courtesy of Percy. She extended a hand to him. "Come on. Let's try to get just a little more sleep. We've got a long day of calls and meetings." Percy took her hand and pulled himself up, groaning. "Fun." "Yeah, fun," she agreed. "We should write down the words of your vision when we get back. We'll need to remember them." "Alright, sure." He didn't think he could forget them even if he tried, but he agreed anyway. Maybe that would help him get the images out of his head. They walked up the beach hand-in-hand, heading back toward the camp proper. Percy cast one more look out at the ocean. Even from here, he could tell it was off. The waves were too choppy. The currents turned too sharply. It was waiting with bated breath for a storm that would not come by sea. The way the foam clung to the sands seemed like a prayer, desperately hoping it would be proven wrong. " One to make the heavens tremble, one to hold the world in their hands. There is still time…" "You and me both," Percy whispered. He turned away, pondering how one could stop a storm before it grew too large. In his experience, you didn't. It didn't matter what you did. Even a son of Poseidon was nothing before a hurricane. All one could do was get out of the way. As you may have noticed, the other chapters have been deleted, the prologue rewritten. This is because I have a different tone in mind for this story than those chapters conveyed, and a few new ideas to toss in. To avoid potential problems this might cause, I'm going back to the plan of not updating further until the story is complete. I know I've said that in the past, but this time I have solid checks in place to keep me from jumping the gun again. We've seen where that takes us. My sincerest apologies for the inconvenience, and my sincerest gratitude for your patience. If there are any of you who are impatient and would like to help, I'm looking for a dependable beta reader. My spelling and grammar is good, I wouldn't need much help with that. I'd primarily like someone to bounce plot suggestions off of and critique characterization. If you'd be interested in that, send me a PM.