cream. Thalia ate sushi and sashimi. Silena ate sweets. "I wonder who the pilot for our flight." Katie wondered out loud as she tipped her head to the side and rested it on her index finger. "Why?" Thalia asked. "Ooh, someone has a crush!" I teased her with a singsong tone before I popped a grape into my mouth. "Perks of being a travel writer: you get to meet great pilots." Silena commented. "Did you get his name?" I asked her. "Unfortunately, no." Katie said with much dismay. "The first time I was on a flight with him, I was on my way to Los Angeles. Our flight was delayed because of him. Every passenger was already on the plane then he walks into the plane, saying that he was from the duty free shop. He probably stole something because on his way to the cockpit, he was recounting his encounter with the ground security. Gods, I was annoyed by him." "Wait." Thalia interrupted. "And you actually like him? That is so unlike you." "I didn't say I like him." Katie replied and continued on. "Next time I was with him, I was from Switzerland to New York. I barely had any sleep that day. When I got in the plane, I immediately sat down on my seat without checking it. Apparently, he thought it was funny to put a melted chocolate egg on my seat and a couple of the other passengers' as well." "How sure are you that he was the one who did it?" I asked. "After a few minutes later, the crew announced an apology for the prank that one of the pilots did. He does so many pranks like going out of the cockpit to check on a random passenger's window because there was a malfunction on one of the engines, announcing that the airport tower wasn't responding so we'd have to land at another country's airport, telling everyone to brace cause we were about to crash, having the plane plummet down nose first to act as if we were crashing, dropping all the oxygen masks and then later telling us that they pressed the wrong button, and more." Katie said, annoyed. "Sounds like a prankster." Silena said. "He sounds fun though but does he ever wonder if there were passengers who'd get a heart attack or something?" Katie shrugged, "Sounds like a jerk to me." "Sounds like you like him." Thalia teased. "Shut up." Katie rolled her eyes but I could see her cheeks get a bit redder. "Olympus Airlines?" Thalia asked Katie. "Maybe I could ask Jason or Luke." "Yeah, New York Times only chooses the best." I feigned a cough and discreetly said, "Suck up." Katie gave me a long look, scoping me up and down before looking away as if she doesn't care and wouldn't even spend her effort to. I laughed and so did Katie. When the laughter died down and normal chatter about our careers filled my ears, I looked at my phone and checked for news update while listening to them. Silena was going to be interviewed by Marie Claire's top journalist and will have her own photo shoot. If all things go to plan, her interview will be on the October issue. Katie already submitted her complete manuscript and will be read by the publisher and the readers of the publisher. The publisher said that the first copies of the book will be out on the Ber months. Her work in New York Times remains the same but she has no protests. She loves it there. Thalia is going to be sent to Greenland soon for pictures. She's expecting an extra job in National Graphic too as a magazine editor. "Flight SD004 bound for Moscow is now boarding." The person behind the front desk announced. "Flight SD004 bound for Moscow is now boarding." He repeated. "Come on guys." Silena said as we stood up and grabbed our things. "Hey guys, we should've walked and gone around because now we have to spend ten hours sitting on our butts." I said as I carried my bag and added paper bag and adjusted my dress. "Stop fretting over the dress, Annabeth. It looks fine, dear." Katie said, fixing her hair and shouldering her bag. We left the lounge, thanking the person on our way out. It felt weird not having cloth graze against my back. We pushed through the glass doors of the lounge and made our way to the gate where the tube that would bring us to the plane. As we got to the gate, there was already a queue of passengers just waiting to be accommodated to the plane. The ground airline employees called for the business class passengers to board first and when the four of us started lining up, Silena tapped my shoulder. "What's up?" I asked as I turned around to look at her. "You still don't have a dare, right?" She asked me and I just wanted to lie. "I have one for you." "Isn't wearing your overbearing dress enough?" I groaned. "I dare you to heavily flirt with him." She inconspicuously pointed to a guy who was walking briskly through the crowd with another guy in tow who on the other hand looked composed and walked leisurely. "What? Silena, don't be absurd. We're about to board the plane. I can't do that in, what, a minute?" I reasoned. "He's on our flight, dummy." Silena smiled. "What makes you so sure?" "He's making his way here." She said as she continued to keep an eye on him. A/N: Thanks for reading! :) Tell me what you think of the chapter. Write a review. It makes me smile throughout the day. So make me smile and write a review :D Outfits are seen on my Polyvore account . Link to my Polyvore profile is available on my Fanfiction profile. Question of the Chapter: Do you enjoy traveling? Where have you traveled to? :)