his body upright. Any sort of composure he had melted away. He was extremely tired and went to take a nap. There was little else worth doing. It was eight o'clock before he woke up to his phone vibration. 1 new message. Dad: I'm working late tonight. Make dinner for your sister. Nico sighed. His dad was often absent. Nico wasn't really sure what he did, not that he really cared. To the best of his knowledge, they were rich, but his dad was often gone on business trips, leaving only Nico and Hazel in the large house. Occasionally, Jules-Albert, a family friend checked up on them. Nico wished, as he often did, that Bianca was there. Bianca was Nico's older sister. When they were little, they used to run around the house together for hours when their dad was gone and their mom was either sleeping or out. It usually ended when one of them broke something. It then turned into a game of "let's see how well we can hide [insert item] without mom or dad noticing." Six years ago, Bianca and Nico's mother, Maria, had left to drive Bianca to her archery lesson. Nico's dad hadn't gotten home yet. Maria had told Nico to watch the house for her. That she'd be gone for fifteen minutes. Lock the door and stay with Mrs. O'Leary. When she didn't come home in half an hour, Nico had gotten slightly worried. That had been when the phone had rung. "Mr. di Angelo?" a voice had asked. "Yes?" Nico asked. That was him. "Kid, is your dad home?" the voice said. "He's at work," Nico answered. "Alright, is there anyone home with you?" "I can't tell you that!" "Kid, if your dad gets home tell him to call me back. It's important." "Ok," Nico had said. He hung up the phone. A few minutes later Jules-Albert had come over. He looked very upset. "Nico, come one," he said. "We're going to the hospital." To make a long story short, Bianca and Maria had been in a car accident—a bad one. Maria had been killed on impact. Bianca had been left in critical condition. She'd been transferred to the local hospital but had died less than an hour after her admittance. Nico had never seen his dad cry before. He'd hugged Nico so tightly Nico was sure he'd be crushed. His dad didn't let go of him for what felt like ages. Nico had wrapped his arms around his dad as far he could and stood there, crying into his chest. Jules-Albert put a hand on his shoulder. "Hades—" Nico's dad looked up at him. "Yeah, I know," he said. The funeral had been the following week. Bianca was buried in her white Easter dress. Nico had crept up to the coffin and looked down at her face. It was almost like she could have been sleeping. As she was lowered into the ground and buried, Nico felt a part of himself stuck down with her, covered in the dirt, never to rise again. He felt like he'd never be whole again. Life had been very hard for both Nico and his dad the next couple years. Nico had spent weeks cursing life for being so unfair. One day Hades had come home to find Nico sitting on the floor in the middle of his room. The place was destroyed. It took years but, eventually, very gradually, Nico had begun to feel ever so slightly better. He wasn't over it by any means, but he's stopped feeling absolutely terrible every day. Two years ago, Hades had come into Nico's room. "How do you feel about getting a new sibling?" Nico frowned. "I don't want a replacement." Hades shook his head. "No, not a replacement. A new sibling." Nico shrugged. "I don't know." "Well, I've been thinking of adopting," Hades said. "I'm actually going to put in the papers tomorrow. I want to check with you though." "And if I say no, you'll forget about it?" Nico asked. "No. I do want your input though." Nico shrugged again. "I don't care." A few months later Nico had met Hazel. A few more months after that, it was official and Hazel moved in. Nico tried to think of her a separate person, but it was easy to compare her to the sister he'd lost. Hazel looked and acted nothing like Bianca, but Nico still occasionally slipped up and called her the wrong name. It was an awkward situation for everyone involved. Despite that Nico had grown to really love Hazel. She was always so upbeat about life and seemed so innocent. Nico knew she must have seen her fair share of pain, but she never let it show. She had cute, little mannerisms that made Nico think she was from a far older time than the 2000s. But then she pulled out her smartphone and ruined the image. Nico went downstairs to where the sister in question had finished her homework and was now playing computer games. "Hey," he said sitting down next to her and tugging at her headphones. Hazel paused her game and looked at Nico. "He's not coming home tonight, is he?" she asked. Nico shook his head. "You hungry?" "I already ate." Nico shrugged and went back upstairs. Once in his room, he looked for his backpack, but realized he'd left it downstairs. It was too much work to retrieve. Besides, it wasn't like he understood how to do most of his homework anyway. Nico grabbed his "at home sketchbook" and drew a few, not very good, pictures in it before deciding he wasn't in a creative mood and throwing it back down on this floor in frustration. Unsure what to do with the rest of his day, Nico went back to bed. It wasn't a very interesting or fulfilling life, Nico mused as he stared at the ceiling, but he had no idea how to make it any better.