behind them. After a moment, he answered; "Do you mean the Gods like Zeus and Poseidon?" "Yeah, Zeus is the king of the gods and the God of the sky, Poseidon is the God of the sea, hurricanes and earthquakes -" before the girl continued Aidan cut across "what do you mean by is ?" The girl gently smiled before answering. "I mean they're real. Not just the gods, but also the monsters. The one you just fought-" "A Minotaur" Aidan interrupted again. The girl didn't seem annoyed, and continued once again. "- yes, the Minotaur was one of the monsters that roam the earth at the moment. You've probably met a lot more on your journey, and you'll meet many more in the future. So the camp we'll take you to will prepare you" she finished. "Wait, what has this got to do with me? Why is all this happening to me?!" Aidan asked exasperated. Finally, the youngest boy of the three walked forward. He looked about fifteen, with sandy hair, tanned skin and blue eyes, like Aidan. However, he was much more muscular and his top clung closely to his broad chest. "Sometimes, the gods come down to the earth on human form. They often have kids with humans, demigods. That's what we are, I'm a son of Apollo, God of Poetry, prophecies and the sun among other things, John's a son of Hephaestus, god of the forge and fire, and Lily is a daughter of Athena-" "Goddess of wisdom and battle strategy" the girl, Lily, finished. "I...I don't understand" Aidan said quietly, shaking his head with his eyes closed. "Aidan, this is about your father" I said gently. I looked up at the demigods in front of me, looking at each one "isn't it?" I directed the question to them. Only now did they seem to notice me as I'd been standing quietly at the side. More specifically, they noticed the horn I was clutching. "No..." John muttered quietly. The son of Apollo looked at me with a mixture of awe and shock. "But you're not a demigod. Chiron said there was one demigod. Who are you?!" Lily said. I was starting to dislike her tone. "I'm Arianna Morgan" I said, crossing my arms over my chest. The three looked back and forth between each other, clearly they weren't sure what to do. Then Lily looked into my eyes and clicked her fingers, white mist pouring down and surround me. The air shimmered, just liked it does when I concentrate hard on the pegasi or the Minotaur. "We're just three teenagers on the beach with horses-" I knew what was coming, she would probably make me forget what happened, so I closed my eyes and started singing as load as I could in my mind, the first song that came through my mind was black magic by little mix, so I concentrated on the words until the song finished in my head before I opened my eyes. The mist has disappeared but I could still see the pegasi and had all my memories. I looked over at Aidan who was standing in shock looking between me and Lily. I decide to break the ice. "Where do the wings attach?" I asked, looking over at the pegasi. "Wh-what?" Lily stammered. "The wings, on the pegasi, where do the attach? Is it attached to the bone or muscle?" I repeated. The three and Aidan looked shocked, although I could see a little smile tug at the corners of his lips. "How can you still see them? Do you still remember what happened before?" Lily asked. "Yeah" I replied simply. After a moment of them still looking shocked, I explained "I just closed my eyes and, uh, sang a song in my head so I wouldn't concentrate on you, an here we are" I finished with a smile. "Here we are" The son of Hephaestus repeated. "So," Aidan clapped his hand brightly, "what now?" Lily, the first to come out of the daze of staring at me, looked towards Aidan, now beside me, remembering their mission. "Um, right, yes. You need to come with us to the camp, I think Chiron might want to meet you" she looked pointedly at me. She walked over to the chestnut and mounted on to her bareback. John jumped on the black and Aidan quickly jumped on the bay who was standing besides me, with his hand outstretched. With a smile, I accepted and leaped on behind him. I felt slight bad because we basically hijacked the son of Apollo's ride, so he had to jump on behind Lily. After everyone was on, we spurred the horses on and galloped across the white sand before lifting up into the sky and soaring across the land. After adjusting my balance and grip around Aidan's waist, a spread my arm into the sky, slightly lifting and lowering it in the sharp wind. We pulled up besides John, who seemed at ease on his strong horse. "Where are we going exactly?" I yelled over so that he could hear me. "Long Island in New York" he yelled back. "But that's on the east coast, it's ages away" "I know". Well then. I turned my attention back to Aidan, who was sitting tensely while gripping on to the reins. "Hey," I said closely to his ear, so that he could hear me, "have you ever ridden a horse before?". He shook his head in response. "Loosen up in your shoulders, he can feel you tensing. Soften your hands, with your thumb on top and little finger underneath" I said, while adjusting his hands in the reins. His shoulders loosened slightly and he looked over at me. "You ride?" He called over. "Yeah, since I was nine" I replied. I watched the stars above for a long time, before my eyelids felt heavy. Gripping slightly tighter on to Aidan's waist, I leaned against his back and felt myself off.