of my mouth, but I managed to grin." "Right Nico." Then we both kissed right then and there. It's a gift! It's a bomb! It's…Apollo? (Will's POV) Nico and I were in the Hades cabin watching How to train you Dragon when we heard a knock on the door. "I'll get it." Nico said. When he opened the door Jason and Percy were standing there with grins on their faces. In Percy's hand was a really bright golden box. There was a nametag on lid, and since I couldn't reach it I got up and headed to the door. "What's this all about?" I asked. "I don't know. This box appeared on the porch of the Big House. Chiron told us to deliver this to the two of you." Jason explained. I looked at the tag on the lid, and it read: To Will Solace and Nico di Angelo. DO NOT OPEN THIS OR ELSE -Olympus "Well that's weird." Nico stated. "Hmmm…well Jason and I have to go. See you guys at dinner." "Bye guys." "Bye." Nico closed the door and we both sat on Nico's bed. "Should we open it?" my beautiful boyfriend asked. "I mean…it says our names on it labeled to so I mean I guess we should open it." "It is a gift?" he asked. "Maybe." "Is it a bomb?" "Probably not." "Well there's only one way to find out." As he said that I slowly opened the box. When I opened it the impossible happened. A man in his very early twenties shot out of the box and flipped so he landed on his feet his face tuned to us. The box had disappeared, and all that was left was this very familiar man. "It's definitely not a gift, it isn't a bomb…" "It's a freaking Apollo!" Nico blurted out. Sure enough my dad was standing there in front of me flashing me with his bright, blinding smile of his. "Dad, why the Hades are you here." Nico glared at me. "Sorry Nico." Damn it! I should have known not to use Nico's dad's name as a swear word. Oh well… "Well hey there son! How are my two lovers doing?" he asked "I'm doing very good sir Apollo, but my blonde friend over here doesn't look like he's doing too well." It was true, I mean, my dad just appeared out of a box for no apparent reason so…I probably looked like I had seen a ghost or something. "Oh don't worry son, I mean to trouble for you both. By the way Nico you can just call me Apollo. But I do need to talk with you about something very important." "Uh, umm…, uh, dad? Are you here to give us the talk?" I asked. To be honest this was expected sooner or later, but for my dad to appear in a box? That sure was new. "Sort-of. You see Will, you are seventeen and Nico is fifteen, am I right? Well I am here now to speak with you both about marriage. I announce to you both that gay marriage is no legal in the United States. I know that you two are too young to get married, but just letting you know that it just became legal! Sorry if I am getting too excited, but I just want you both to be happy!" Nico and I just stood there in shock. I couldn't handle looking over at him because of my crimson red blush on my face. "Wait, so what you are saying is that you want us to get married? Or is this just really really coincidental awesome news?!" I asked my dad. My mouth kinda moved for me though, so I wouldn't say that I asked that question. "Well Nico I am aware that this certain topic was treated with disgust back in "Your Times", so I just wanted to let you know about this certain piece of information. Sorry, but I have to go or else Zeus is gonna get really mad. See you around my son." "Wait-" I said, but he had already vanished. I really wanted to know why he came in a box. "Oh my gosh Will this is such great news!" Nico yelled as he jumped on top of me knocking me onto the bed. We both just stayed there, lying down, not moving. None of us spoke and it was very awkward. Nico was laying on top of me with both elbows on either side of me. When I met his eyes I could see the excitement in his eyes. If I was him right now excitement wouldn't even be able to describe how I felt. Nico then got up and off of me and sat on his bed with his back against his wall. I got up and sat right next to Nico. We both sat their quietly next to each other until he finally broke the silence. "Will, does this news make you happy?" he asked me. "Of course Nico." I replied. I looked over and he was crying. Not sobbing, but tears were streaming down his eyes. "Nico, why are your crying?" I asked "I'm not crying Will! These are tears of joy! After all these years America has finally come to its sense to let gay marriage be legal. I'm not planning on getting married anytime soon but this is really good news!" he said. He then rested his head on my shoulder and we sat in silence for a little while. We sat in silence Total silence Until we both fell asleep Hahaha sorry for the cliché ending to the last one-shot but I hope you guys enjoyed! Please review if you liked it or if you have any other ideas for following chapters. Next chapter will be coming out soon so please favorite/follow if you want more! Don't worry, this isn't self-promotion but almost I'm getting a little too excited here. Have a wonderful day! -Svet 3