Hades grins. It is a horrible sight. Then they are forced to close their eyes as a flash of light encompasses them all, and they find themselves kneeling in the throne room of Olympus, white marble embedded with gold streaks. Percy is directly in front of him, palms pressed against the floor. Annabeth knows he is shaking because she can feel it where her arm is pressed to his knee. He was scared and she couldn't tell. He's holding out the backpack now. "Lord Zeus," he says quietly. "Your Master Bolt." In an instant the backpack is gone, deposited at the base of Zeus' throne, and the Bolt zooms into his outstretched hand. Lightning flashes; thunder booms, and Percy freezes when Zeus' white-blue pupiless eyes turn to him. "Boy," the king of the gods grunts. "You did well." Then he turns away with a negligent flick of his hand. Annabeth slowly raises her eyes to look at the gods. There are three staring at them. No, not them—only Percy. Her mother's slanted grey eyes narrowed in cold calculation. Poseidon's face is likewise expressionless, but Annabeth thinks there is something like tentative longing there, if gods could even feel anything like that. Anything like regret. The last is Apollo, which confuses her. He's gripping the armrests of his chair with white knuckles, his jaw clenched. He is angry. Veins stand out at his temples, easily as wide as Annabeth was tall. He is the god of prophecies , her logic whispers. He has seen something . "You may go," says Zeus, as though just remembering they were there. "Wait," says Poseidon. They freeze. Percy slowly turns back to face them, radiating tension. "Come closer, my son," says the sea god. At the affectation, Annabeth sees Percy stiffen, his face going white with anger, and she quickly jabs him in the ribs with her elbow. She knows he's going to do something stupid and piss off the gods, and she didn't want him to die. "Go," she hisses. There's a moment where she thinks he won't listen, but he only grinds his teeth and steps forward, each step looking painful. It is a large distance to traverse. At the foot of Poseidon's throne, Percy kneels, slow and jerky. "My lord," he says stiffly. "You have no need for formalities with me, Percy." "Apologies, my lord." Annabeth cringes. To her surprise, Poseidon does not look annoyed, only the distant cousin of amused. "Your mother is safe." His head snaps up, eyes blazing, so much life and rage inside of them that Annabeth wonders if they will ever successfully train his personality out. "She has never been—" he bites his tongue, forces himself to drop his head, fists clenched at his sides. "Thank you, my lord. It is appreciated ." "I will call on you one day soon, if that is amenable." "Poseidon," Zeus warns, gripping his bolt. (Percy's suddenly reminded of the way a toddler would clutch a favourite toy possessively, and has to stifle an inappropriate snicker.) "Brother," Poseidon counters smoothly. Their eyes lock. They seem to have a silent conversation. Finally, Zeus looks away with a grimace and Poseidon turns back to Percy, smiling pleasantly. "Percy?" he prompts, gentle. "I would be honoured," Percy says, each word bitten out. Athena seems to hear his distaste as well as Annabeth does, and she looks thoughtful. "Good. That is all." Percy stands, bows, then leaves. Annabeth and Grover catch up with him. He's shaking. "I hate him," he breathes. He doesn't seem to realize he's speaking out loud. "I hate him so much..." "Why?" says Annabeth, careful to keep her voice down. She rests a hand briefly on his shoulder to warn him to do the same. "He doesn't get to decide my life." "He is a god." "He was my father." They're silent for the rest of the journey back. [x] Their return is celebrated by applause at dinner, but after those few minutes have passed, everything returns to normal. It's just another day, another crisis averted. "We have successfully taken out the trash, yet again," Percy says sarcastically next to her. "Hurray." She elbows him. There is more fondness than annoyance now, and she wonders when this transition had happened, so subtle it had avoided her detection. But perhaps saving the world was one of those things that brought people together. [x] Then Luke happens. Annabeth finds Percy dead in the forest (notdeadnotdeadnonono) and remembers what fear tastes like. [x] Percy wakes up with a new scar and another bucket of water to the face. This time, he doesn't react, except to scowl. "Is this how you greet all your patients?" Annabeth makes a show of pausing to think, then grins slightly. She does not think of finding him, face-down in the mud, surrounded by half-hysterical dryads, and how her own stomach had twisted and she had screamed— "Nah, just you." "I'm honoured," he says flatly. Both of them avoid looking at his hand. "So what are you off to?" "My dad's come to pick me up, but I wanted to say goodbye first." His eyes come up to meet hers, so sincere and unguarded that she's momentarily taken aback. She's more used to the backstabbing and subtle manipulations of camp life than Percy's open, genuine nature. She doesn't know what to say. "Stay safe. I'll see you around." "Yeah, Seaweed Brain. Don't piss off any more gods." He winks. "Don't worry about me, Annabeth. Everything'll be alright." Somehow, that seems more like an oath than a promise. [x] "I can give you something more than the power of Zeus' bolt. I can give you power beyond your dreams, over all the Olympians, but it will take time and you will have to trust me. And from your agreement I will exact a promise." "And what can you bring to me, little demigod, that I do not already have?" Dark light flickers off his eyes. "I will make them love you."