evil laugh," he said and tilted his said to the side with a smile. "You're cute when you say I'm cute," I said and copied his tilt. "You're just plain cute whenever," he said and narrowed his eyes. "You're just cute because you're cute." "Can we please stop with the cute?" "Fine. You're just handsome because you handsome," I grinned. "Ugg…" he tilted his head backward and then back up. "You smell like lemons," he said and stuffed his head into my pile of curls. "Umm.. okay." "What do I smell like?" he asked through the curls. "Like the sea." "No, you probably just smell that because we're in the sea." "I meant like you always smell like the sea and your lips taste salty." "Oh. Is that a bad thing?" he asked. He still had his head in my curls. "No, it's a very nice thing," I laughed. "Okay." "That's all you have to say to that?" "Sort of." "Well your eyes are a sea green," I said. "Does everything about me have to relate to the sea?" "Maybe." "So you actually just love the sea, not me?" he grumbled. "No, I love Percy the Seaman," I replied. "Great.." he groaned. "Well, your eyes are not gray." "But they are?" I said confusedly. "No, they aren't. They are a silver. Like a big pretty silver orb. But when you get mad, all I see is storm clouds." "Really?" I smiled dreamily and he took his head out of my hair. "When you get mad, I see hurricanes," I replied. "When you are happy I see rainbows." "In my eyes or around you?" I asked suspiciously. "Good question," he gave me his goofy grin. "When you're happy I'm happy," I grinned. "Okay, that's enough. We need to get going or else we will miss the ball drop." "Fine," I whined. "Take me to-" "My leader?" he chuckled. "No, I'm your leader or at least the smart one in this relationship," I smirked. "Take me to your horse , kelp head." "Sure, honey." "Honey? I thought I was sweet cheeks?" "So you admit you like that name!" he grinned. "I never said that, now did I?" I narrowed my eyes at him. "Now let's go already!" -LINE BREAK- "Are we there yet?" I whined. "Does it look like it, sweet cheeks?" he asked sarcastically. "So you're going to keep calling me sweet cheeks?" "Yes, because it fits you perfectly when you're being sarcastic or just plain annoying." "Shut up, sweet cheeks," I stuck my tongue out at him. "Hey, that's my name for you!" he whined. "Oh, we're landing," Percy said as he peered down. I wonder what the mortals saw. Probably a helicopter or something. "Okay, put this on." He handed me a blind-fold. I stared at it and he looked at me expectantly. "Why?" "It's a surprise so do it. Please, for me." "Okay, fine." I put it on. "Alright, we've landed." I felt him pick me up bridal-style again. I squirmed. "Please put me down." "Fine," he said. I could sense him pouting. He put me down. "Alright, I'm gonna lead you to the surprise," he said and I felt a slight push on my shoulders. I didn't know what was happening, but I kept walking. "Um, this isn't times square," I observed. "We're inside somewhere." "How do you know?" "It's quiet," I said simply. "Why aren't we at times square? Isn't it going to start soon?" I didn't get a response. "So, where are we?" "Just wait." I felt him stop me and I heard a push of a button. I realized we were in a elevator. After what felt like ten minutes in the elevator, I felt myself step out into the outdoors. He led me somewhere out there, but I didn't have a clue where we were for once in my life. "Okay, open your eyes." I screamed. Well, that's the simple way of putting it. We were at the Empire State Building, I could see the Times Square party from where we were. Not to mention there was a party where I was. Our closest friends and family were up here with us and that means my mother and Poseidon (who were human sized). It must of taken a lot to get them not to choke each other. There was a News Crew and they were going 'awww' and recording what was happening. Why? Well, because Percy was down on one knee proposing. And it was 12:00, because the ball had just dropped. "Will you marry me, Annabeth Chase, and become ?" he asked hopefully. "You really are a Seaweed Brain. OF COURSE I WILL!" I squealed. He sat up and put the ring on me and I jumped into his arms and he spun me around. He set me down, and kissed me. I could hear the guests cheering. And the News Crew. I stared at the ring. It was a green diamond on a silver ring. "You'd be a Seaweed Brain to think I would of said no," I whispered in his ear. "You're a very Wise Girl for saying yes," he whispered back. "I know," I smiled. "And I have a question, Percy." "What is it?" he asked. I pointed to our parents. "How did you manage that?" "I have absolutely no idea." "That's my Percy Jackson." "That's my almost Annabeth Jackson." "That's my almost husband." Okay, so that's done. Like it? Yes or no? Pretty much this story is going to be like their life, starting from their engagement to their death. The marriage, the kids, the lazy days, the life, the grandkids, the death, the after-death-but-not-really-death-oops-I-gave-away-a-spoiler, etc. Review? They won't stop me from writing but make me continue to write. I hope Azuphere reads this. Someone wanna share it to her for me? Favorite too! Yes, I know it was cheesy. I'm a very cheesy person. Also, I hope you like the "Delphy the Dolphin" Mod the Sims reference.