life. I stared at my cup and rejected it. Gwen gave me a look, but then I asked her to follow me. I followed the horrible stench of the beer as it got stronger. Finally, I found it's mother-lode. The drink was in a container with a bendable shower spray, but only for drinks. Gwen had an evil look as she grabbed the spray. I walked back a bit, and when the coast was clear, I took a deep breath and gave Gwen the signal. The beer had great projectile force, and it hurt my throat a bit, but I didn't care. Instantly, a crowd formed as everyone chanted 'Chug! Chug! Chug!' ... I heard a loud chant of chugging, as I searched for Reyna. Gosh, when will there ever be a fraternity party without this kind of event happening? I go closer to the chants, to hopefully find Reyna in the crowd. Then, the horrifying sight came before me. Oh I found Reyna alright. She was the one chugging down the keg! What is she thinking?! I look to see who the sprayer was, and it was Gwen. I knew that Gwen would Reyna into this kind of trouble. Oh god, Reyna is taking in too much of the juice. Gwen stopped spraying, and I was surprised to see that Reyna's clothes didn't have a single drop of juice on them. Just as Gwen put away the sprayer, Reyna put a hand on her forehead, and then fainted! Gasps erupted from the crowd, and everyone surrounded Reyna. I came to the front to see if she was okay, and then suddenly she stood up in a flash. You could see it in her eyes that she looked so lively. "Does anyone want to dance?!" She asked so loudly. The crowd replied with a just as loud 'Yeah!' I tried my best to get close to Reyna to stop her before things get too far. Though I think it's too late. "Well then let's go dance! I love this song!" With that, Reyna headed for the dance floor, and dance like a chicken. Literally. She was doing the chicken dance! I finally came up to Reyna, though it doesn't seem like she notices me. "Reyna! Reyna! You have to stop! You're drunk!" I shout at her over the pumping music. Reyna stopped dancing, but then stared at me and pouted. "You're no fun! You are the one who wanted me to attend this party!" She said while giggling in-between. "Yes I know, but I didn't want you get drunk!" I reply. Reyna just put her finger on my lips and shushed me. "Hey, it's getting hot in here...LETS GO TO THE POOL!" Oh no. Reyna started running outside, and when I caught up to her, she was wearing a kiddie float and cannon-balled in the pool! "Don't they just grow up so fast?" Someone said beside me, I turn to see an entertained Gwen. She is the one who caused this. Immediately, I shoved Gwen, and she fell to the ground. "What is your problem Jason!?" She yelled. "My problem? What is your problem? If you think you are so deserving of being RA, then why did you encourage your newest housemate to become drunk! If you have any piece of responsibility left in you, FIX THIS!" I shout with a stern voice. Gwen looked at her hands and stood up. "Fine." ... This pillow is so comfortable. Wait pillow? Was that party a dream? Hold on, why is there still so much loud music? Why does my head hurt so much. I flutter open my eyes, and then groan. I look at the clock and see that it was 3 in the morning. What did I at that party? "You became drunk and embarrassed yourself." Somebody said. I instantly jump, and turn on the lamp beside me. It was Jason who said that. He was sitting on a chair across from me, as I place a hand on my forehead. Did I really get drunk? Must explain this hangover. "What did I do?" I asked with an ashamed tone. God, how did I let this happen? Why did I decide to let loose. Gwen is really persuasive. "I'll tell you when you feel better. You might not remember even until now." He said. Jason stood up from his seat, and handed me a glass of water. I drink it all up hoping that it will make this headache stop. I feel like I have a migraine. I probably do, actually. Jason sat beside, and I bury my head in my hands. "You were just like me when I first had a swig. It happens to everyone. No need to feel ashamed." He explained. "Yes, but I knew this was gonna happen. I was prepared for it. Gwen is just so...convincing." Jason laughed at my excuse. "Well, if you stick with me, I promise I won't let this ever happen again. I told you to let me come with you." Jason joked. I laughed, though it quickly turned into a groan. "The party is still going on, and we've already gone through so many jugs, packs, and bottles. I won't be surprised if everyone is going to be in bed tomorrow with painful migraines." Jason explained. I kept taking deep breaths, until I turned to Jason. I met his blue eyes, which made me melt. My mouth curled into a soft smile, and then he gave me one too. Since I already have done so much today, perhaps 1 more risk won't hurt. In the heat of the moment, I came closer to Jason, and our lips collided. I broke the connection, and I looked at Jason trying to read his expression. He had wide eyes at first, but then he just smiled widely, as I did too. It was nothing too lustful, it wasn't short and awkward. It was just a kiss. A kiss from apparently, my campus crush.