right. Artemis and Apollo. "Stop calling me baby sis!" "But you are my baby sister!" "No I'm not!" Care to guess which two Olympians shared this particular argument? That's right. Hestia and Zeus. Not Artemis and Apollo, though they did frequently argue about a similar topic. At this moment in time, Hestia was starting to get sick and tired of Zeus treating her like a child. She wasn't a baby anymore- in fact, she was singlehandedly responsible for keeping the Olympians from killing each other... yet. "Hestia, when are you just going to admit that you're younger than me?" Hestia growled. "I never said that, though I am older than you! But I'm asking you to stop calling me that ridiculous nickname and to stop calling me a baby!" "Well, you're the one who hasn't married anyone and refuses to fight!" Hestia glared and her eyes flashed. Zeus narrowed his eyes. "Do not push your luck, Hestia. I may be your brother, but I am also the king of the gods, and any disrespect towards Olympians will not go without punishment." Hestia knew better than to argue when Zeus's voice took that tone, so she instead settled on glancing at the thrones of Artemis and Athena longingly. My Normal Mythological Life - Part 4 (Rock paper scissors) It was once again time for the museum field trip. Percy, of course, knew exactly what was going to happen. He had gotten used to talking to Grover again, and considering it had been a while even in the past timeline where the world already ended, a few days was adequate enough for Percy to stop gaping at Grover like he was surprised the satyr was present. Nevertheless, they were seated next to each other on the bus. Unfortunately, Percy was on the inside, next to the aisle. Nancy Bobofit was across from him. She was making snarky comments and tossing bits and pieces of her sandwich at Grover. Percy was catching them, and he realized he had half a sandwich in his hands. "Hey! Stop wasting your lunch," Percy glared. Nancy laughed. "Like you're one to talk, freak! In fact, your lunch is being wasted on you!" Some of Nancy's friends snickered. "Oh! Sick burn!" Grover actually commented. "Yeah, she roasted you with that one, Perce." Nancy smirked. Percy rolled his eyes. "Fine. Rock Paper Scissors. If I win, you stop throwing food." Nancy chuckled and would've rolled up her sleeves if she wasn't wearing a short-sleeved shirt. "Let's go." Percy chuckled. "I've never lost at this game before." Nancy smirked. "We'll see about that." "3... 2... 1... go!" Nancy had thrown scissors. Percy wore a triumphant smile on his face. He had thrown rock. "Well... looks like I win." "Best of three," Nancy challenged. Percy raised an eyebrow. "Alright." Nancy was in deep thought. He just played rock, and I just played scissors. He might not play rock again, in which case I should play scissors. But at the same time, he might be trying to trick me into playing scissors or rock, in which case, I should play paper! If he plays rock or paper I win or tie. But he's not going to pick scissors because he wants me to play scissors or rock... "3... 2... 1... go!" It was Nancy who won the round, with her paper beating Percy's rock. "Ha!" she grinned. Percy chuckled. "Last round?" Nancy frowned and concentrated again. If he's just playing instinctively, there's no way he's gonna pick rock three times in a row. And I just won with paper, so he's probably anticipating I'm going to play paper again, in which case he'll either play scissors or paper. Just to be safe, I should play scissors to tie or win in that scenario. "3... 2... 1... go!" Percy chuckled. "Game over." He had played rock three times in a row, and won best of three. Nancy was dumbfounded, having played scissors and lost. "But... how?" she asked in wonder. Percy laughed. "I could explain the psychology, but you wouldn't understand." Grover elbowed him. "How did you win?" Percy smiled. "Well..." Nancy tried to eavesdrop on his conversation and caught him talking about how guys usually played rock and girls usually played scissors on their first turn. She was under the impression that she had lost to a genius. Percy stopped midway through his explanation. "- actually, no. I just picked rock three times for the heck of it." "What?!" Grover and Nancy both shouted at the same time. Percy smiled wryly. "Whatever. Thanks for the sandwich, Nancy." This earned him a stutter, a blush, and a hasty 'your welcome?'. "... that was unexpected..." Percy muttered. "G-Man, shut up!" Grover was snickering. Apparently, Nancy had a thing for Percy. "Well... that was brilliant..." Percy groaned. Grover was still snickering as the bus slowed and students started to depart. A/N: Hello! If you're reading this, then you hopefully read the first four parts of the story. Obviously, this is supposed to be relatively funny. If it was, great! If it wasn't, then too bad. Try and laugh. Whatever the case may be, it was actually pretty brief. I want the parts to describe full scenes in the future, but I was just a little lazy this first chapter. The interludes between parts were all serious this time, and somewhat relevant. If you want to skip over them, fine. But don't blame me if you miss something. You may also have noticed that I repeat "My Normal Mythological Life" every single part. This is simply to bolster the word count, so just ignore it, please. So how was it? Tell me in a review. The pairing is also undecided except it won't be Annabeth, so suggest that in a review as well. If you just don't get what's going on, leave a review and I'll maybe try and explain it with a response in the next chapter. All suggestions are welcome. Have a nice evening.