shock at seeing the most powerful and important being ever to exist crying into his chest, but he continued trying to comfort her. "Shh... You created the entire universe by yourself; I think you did a great job," he kept talking. Chaos didn't say anything; she laid her head in Percy's shoulder. "And you also created all life other than yourself, which includes me, so I'm grateful for that." "But, only a few people are nice like you..." Chaos whined. "Not just a few. You said that you thought all of the gods were arrogant and selfish? Well, from my experience, some of them are actually very nice. Maybe not Zeus or Ares, of course. But Hestia, Artemis, Apollo, my dad, Hephastus, and Hermes are pretty cool." Chaos kept crying, but was listening to what Percy had to say. "Take people like Artemis, who frequently hunts down monsters to protect demigods who haven't found a way to camp, or who rescues young girls in need of assistance. Look at Hestia, who is one of the most level-headed individuals who plays a huge part in keeping the Olympian family together. Or even my father, Poseidon. He's helped a lot of underwater sea creatures, and he supervises the oceans to carry ships safely to their destinations." Chaos looked up into Percy's eyes and found nothing but sincereness and concern. She stopped crying, briefly. Percy continued. "There are plenty of people in the demigod camps who would sacrifice themselves to save others. People in the military do this for their fellow soldiers, like Frank's mother. My own mother and step-dad are some of the best people you'll ever find." Chaos finally spoke again. "Yes, but... there's a lot of bad people, too. And they tend to overshadow those who do good... you've said it yourself, I believe. The best people have the worst luck." Percy sighed and patted Chaos on the back. "That's part of what makes life worth living. Of course there's going to be some people who try and get you down, or are egotistical and cruel. But getting around these obstacles is a challenge, and that's important." "But it would've lead to your death," Chaos said, disheartened. "You would've died because of my mistakes," she cried. "Well, yes, but think about what the world would be like if there were no terrible people out there. Nobody would fight, nobody would be unnecessarily punished or killed. But, nobody would have the will to live, because everything is already perfect for them. If anything, more selfish people and deceitful beings would arise from the group of complacent individuals anyways." "That's the problem," sobbed Chaos. Percy looked down at the girl he was hugging. "No, it isn't. You can't have a world completely devoid of negativity. If you have a grounp of happy, peaceful people, inevitably some of them are going to turn self-centered; it's impossible for any beings of free will to not be riddled with those who wish to harm others, or boss everyone around. And don't say that people are better off without free will." "But..." Lady Chaos muttered. "Shh," Percy said soothingly. "You did a great job creating the world and its people. Even though some of them are bad, most of them are good in the heart, and they either thrive the most or hurt the most emotionally. But, that's a good thing, because without emotions, you aren't really a person." "But..." Chaos muttered again. "What is it, Lady Chaos?" Percy asked. The girl couldn't repress a small giggle despite her emotions. "Well... why the formal title? Don't call me that," she said. Percy nodded and shrugged his shoulders. "And second... you really think that nothing is really my fault?" "Yeah... You did a heck of a job creating everything in the universe just by yourself," Percy said and smiled a tad. "I... well, I think you helped, Perseus, so thank you." "You can call me Percy if you want," he offered. "But... well, if you'd prefer it," Chaos relented. "Okay. Please call me Percy," he said, grinning. "Alright..." Chaos let go of Percy and stood back a few steps. "I'm so sorry," she said. Percy was confused. "For what?" he asked. "Crying in front of you, leaning on you, talking with you about this stuff..." she explained. "Oh, no," he said. "It's fine. I was happy to help." "I wanted to ask you... if I gave you powers equal to mine, would you help me work to make the world a better place for those who deserve it, then?" Chaos asked. "Umm..." Percy looked uncertain. "Yes, but I don't want powers equal to yours." Chaos was surprised by his answer. "Well, I feel obliged to give you that power anyways," she muttered. "Plus... I need a friend..." she sighed. "But..." Percy's eyes widened in surprise. "No, really, it's okay. You can just send me to the underworld..." But Chaos wasn't listening; she had already said the necessary incantations and was about to grant immortality and the powers of creation to him. "I will not let you refuse immortality again," she said, dead serious. "We both know you deserve it." Percy was frightened and unsettled, but he stood still. A bright light emanated from Chaos, causing her hair to fly in the wind that the display of power was creating. Then, the light made its way from Chaos towards Percy before surrounding him in the glow. Suddenly, all at once, the light faded, and it left behind Percy, now immortal, with power on par with Chaos herself. Speaking of Chaos, she smiled, then collapsed. Percy's reflexes allowed him to catch her as she fell. "Used a lot of energy to do that..." she muttered. "Did the power thing work?" Percy nodded. "Yes, yes it did. You didn't have to do that," he said softly. Chaos drowsily said, "You deserved it..." Then she fell asleep. Percy gently set her down on the grass, then sat down himself and waited.