boys and dragging them off to the principal's office. "Jackson was getting into trouble early this year" Luke said then turning back to his lunch. Only a few moments later Annabeth heard her name called on the speakers, calling her to the Guidance office. "Why are they calling you up there?" Piper wondered, her eyebrows knitting together as she tapped her chin. "I have no idea" Annabeth said standing up and grabbing her purse and throwing away her apple and granola bar that she had packed that morning. "Its too early for you to be getting any awards" Jason joked. "Maybe its the mentor assignment?" Piper said. "Maybe..but they usually wait till the end of the day" Annabeth said. "Well you can't be in any trouble. So don't sweat it" Luke said winking at her. "Alright. I'll see you in Study Hall" Annabeth said pecking his cheek and turning to walk back into the school and through the halls to the Guidance office. Annabeth walked into the office and as the receptionist saw her pointed her to the main guidance counselor's office. The blonde walked towards the shut door and knocked on the door and heard a "Come in" from the inside. She opened the door to see a pissed off Percy Jackson sitting in the chair with the Guidance Counselor, Mr. Chiron sitting at his desk with his finger folded. "Ahh, Annabeth Chase. Please sit down." he said extending his hand to the seat beside Percy. "Umm..might I ask what I am doing here?" Annabeth asked sitting down and crossing her ankles and putting her purse down beside her. "I was just speaking with Mr. Jackson about the little incident outside at lunch" Chiron said. "Sherman didn't hit me on accident. And he attacked me first" Percy said exacerbated. "Yes, yes. I heard you the first time Mr. Jackson. But I have decided since it is the beginning of the year not to punish you to severely. Chiron said in a calm voice. "I shouldn't be punished at all" Percy mumbled, crossing his arms and looking at the floor. "Mr. Chiron...you still haven't answered my question" Annabeth said, trying to sound as polite as possible. "Mrs. Chase, you are one of the school's best mentors. I called you here to introduce you to your assigned student; Percy Jackson" Chiron said. Annabeth had to try and keep her jaw from dropping to the floor. "Bu-but Mr. Chiron!" Annabeth said, panic surging through her. "There is no way I am letting little Ms. Princess try and be my mentor " Percy said, making the mentor sound like a dirty word. "Mr. Chiron I have to object to this" Annabeth said, her eyes pleading with the man. "I am afraid when you signed up to be a mentor you agreed to take on any student assigned to you." Chrion said with a stern voice "Any student, Miss Chase. And if I am not mistaken, Mr. Jackson is a student." Annabeth was almost gaping like a fish. She was at a loss for words. And she always had something to say. "Like hell am I agreeing to this" Percy growled. "Mr. Jackson, your record at our school is not the best. I fear if you don't agree to this mentor program that you will not be able to graduate this spring" Mr. Chiron said. "No! I-I mean...isn't there another way" Percy said almost desperate. Annabeth was taken slightly aback by this. Percy didn't seem like the person to care about this type of thing. Many were thinking he would drop out or be expelled before the year was over. "Mr. Jackson" Mr. Chrion said, pulling off his glassed and sighing "This is the best course for you. If you don't I have to suspend you for fighting with another student." Percy leaned back in his chair with a huff "Fine. I'll do the stupid mentor thing" "Good. Then Miss Chase please set a time with Mr. Jackson for a meeting once a week. And here is his file for your mentorship" he said handing Annabeth a manila folder "In it hold his schedule and academic history" "Can I leave now?" Percy asked, annoyed. "Yes Mr. Jackson. And I hope to not see you in here again" Mr. Chiron said as Percy bolted out of the room leaving Annabeth sitting with Mr. Chiron, still stunned. "Miss Chase. I know you can help him." Mr. Chiron said seeing the conflict written across Annabeth's face. "But..he and I don't particularly get along Mr. Chiron" Annabeth said. "I understand that. But I believe you both can act like professionals and put your personal differences aside." Chiron said. "I-I-I don't know if that is possible" Annabeth said, looking down at the ground. Chiron pulled out from his desk and wheeled himself over to Annabeth. "If anyone can put that boy on the right path Miss Chase, its you" The bell rang and Annabeth stood up to walk to her next class. "I will be checking in on you two in two weeks. Good luck Miss Chase" Chiron said as Annabeth closed the door behind her and ran her hand through her hair. Of all the people in the school, it had to be Percy Jackson. Her perfect senior year was just turned completely upside down. So? Please tell me what you all think about the first chapter. And just so ya'll know. Annabeth won't be a total girly girl during this fic. She will still retain some/most of her personality traits from the book, but some are just hidden under her lip gloss, if you know what I am saying. Same goes for Percy (minus the lip gloss though) and many of the other characters. Also I am looking for a beta! Please message me if you are interested! I really really want one because I want this fic to be the best it can possibly be! So please message me! So please please review your thoughts! :)