Nico." Reyna said, turning away, a single tear streaking her face. "Reyna," Nico explained impatiently. "You turned me back to the little Mythomagic boy I used to be, and you understand me, and you're the only friend I am so opened to. Why-?" Nico's voice cracked. "Why don't you trust me?" Reyna slowly stood up as well and faced him. "Nico," She said softly. "I-I... I can't tell you this." "Why?!" Nico almost expected Reyna to say, "You won't understand," but her answer was something else completely. "Nico... What do you want of me?" Nico hesitated. Did he have the guts to tell Reyna he loved her? And take the risk of Reyna running away from him? Nico internally shook his head. Choosing his words carefully, Nico said slowly, "I want to be your friend, Reyna." Reyna threw her hands up in frustration as Nico jumped back. "Exactly!" "So... You don't want to be my friend anymore? I understand you, Reyna. We used to be so close. What happened to that?" Reyna shook her head. "It's not that. What if..." Reyna sighed. "Let me tell you a story Nico." Nico nodded, having no idea where Reyna was going with this. "Once, Jason and I were searching for something. We found a maiden, but she would disappear evertime we neared. I thought since I was a girl, it would talk to me. So when I approached her, it was actually Lady Venus." Nico was quiet. Where was the story going to go wrong? Reyna's face was now purely crestfallen. "Venus cursed me, saying my heart will never be healed by any demigod." Reyna's eyes turned from hurt to misery and regret. "I-I'm sorry Nico." Nico felt a rush of sympathy towars Reyna, but he felt something similar to her. Nobody dared near him, because he was "mysterious, creepy, and a son of Hades." So his only true friend was Reyna, and of course no girls were interested in him. He thought he never would have the capability of loving again - but he had. "I don't see the problem," Nico finally said, though it sounded more broken than before. Reyna let out an angered sigh. "You really don't get it, do you? When I found someone who actually understands me, and we became great friends, it would never be that simple, wouldn't it?" Nico was silent for a moment, trying to decipher her words. It can't be... It wasn't possible... Reyna looked down on him with sad eyes. "It's best that you leave, Nico. It'd be better for both of us." Was it possible that Nico would be able to break Reyna's heart? That their fate is doomed? Nico found fragments of his heart slowly breaking. Now he'd have to push everything back again. Soon, he'll be thinking he used to love Reyna... But how could he not love her? How could he even stop? He felt like as if he found his other half... "Have you even considered how I felt?" Reyna snapped her head back, her eyes saying, 'you're not gone yet?'. She stood there, her beautiful black hair cascading down to her back and her obsidian eyes staring back at him until the words sunk in? "But what about the curse?" Nico felt a surge of courage and took a step forward. "The cruse could go to Tartarus for all I care." His voice lowered down as he murmured. "I swear on the River Styx that I'd never intentionally hurt you, and that I love you." Reyna blinked, as if in a trance. Then she threw her arms around Nico. "Are you sure?" She whispered, tears starting to stream down her cheeks, which was unusual for Reyna as the praetor of New Rome. "Am I dead yet?" Nico joked, knowing he could only act this way around Reyna, and nobody else. Nobody else would ever make him happier. The corner of his lips lifted up in a smile. He loved Reyna. "I love you Reyna," Nico said, leaning closer even though he knew Reyna already knew it. Reyna drew closer as well. "I love you too." Nico has never been so happy, and felt a burst of joy explode inside his chest, his wounds now healed. Nico felt a feeling so foreign yet so sweet as he dipped down to kiss her. Love. At the touch of their lips, Nico felt as if his heart could explode, and like he was wielding a weapon even more powerful than anything he's ever known. As Nico continued kissing Reyna and as they broke apart, smiling at each other as if there was no one else in the world, Nico knew that he would never be a "used-to" for Reyna. He'd always be by her side, and he didn't care if the gods and goddesses tried to seperate them because Nico couldn't live without Reyna, and that she was the only one to understand him, not used to understand him, and that he could only love her. Nico smiled at Reyna - a true, geuine smile. "What would I ever do without you?" Reyna shrugged, acting like herself around him. "Not be able to kiss me?" Nico let out a small laugh before dipping down his lips to kiss her once more. SwanDestiny: Please review... All of you... I'm begging you! Also, please follow and favorite! We want Reynico to prevail! Do it in the name of this story and Reynico! SwanDestiny: This one-shot was actually inspired by Of All the Princesses in the World by CrazygurlMadness . No, it has nothing to do with Percy Jackson or Heroes of Olympus, and it is in fact a fanfiction in the category the Legend of Zelda. Nayru, I love that game and fanfiction archive. And Zelink. SwanDestiny: This'll never be as good as Of All the Princesses in the World, but I'm satisfied with this. Reynico for the win! SwanDestiny: Still, please review and tell me what to think! Bye, readers. ~SwanDestiny