word for, growling (can sea monsters growl?) and launching spikes at your boyfriend. He must've already got some good hits in, it's bleeding golden ichor, but it sure isn't dead yet. It takes you a moment to get over your shock, but when you do you unsheath the dagger from your boot and run to the side of the pool. You trip. Yes you, daughter of Athena, two time hero of Olymous, survivor of Tartarus, slip on the tiled pool deck. Your head makes a loud thump as it hits, and Percy abruptly turns towards you his eyes wide and mouths you name. Which gives the giant sea monster thing an opening. You see it a second before it happens. You see Percy's guard drop, for only a millisecond, but it's enough for the sea monster (let's call it George) to stick his head through Percy's water shield and bite down. The next thing you see is Percy falling through the air. The next thing you hear is a scream. You're not sure if it's his or yours, but it's enough to get you up from the deck and lunging towards the pool. You hit the water and fight through the waves to get to the surface. There's water if your eyes and you can't see well so you reach out blindly with your dagger and try to locate George. After the third try you hit something that you think is the monster. There's a disgusting shlick sound of your weapon hitting it's target and suddenly it disappears. You scramble to find the ladder and climb out of the pool. Your blond hair is hanging in your face and it takes you a minute to blindly search for a hair tie before finding one it in your pocket and putting you hair up. You blink the water out of your eyes and look around. Nearly everything is destroyed. You know the cleaner person isn't going to be happy. There are broken pipes littered around the pool deck and smashed tiles and dirt smudges all around. But what scares you the most is the sight of you boyfriend, lying in the pool, his eyes closed. You're heart misses a beat and you jump back into the water, pulling Percy with you back to the edge of the deck. You drag him up and lie him on the deck and frantically slap his face, trying to get him to wake up. When he doesn't you let out an anguished cry and start checking his body for injuries. It occurs to you that Percy is the son of Poseiden and he should be healed by the water. You rack your brain for everything Chiron has taught you. You remember somethings. You start. Poison. He must have poison in his wound. You quickly rip off the remaining shreds of his T-shirt and scan his chest. You fight the urge to gag. You've been at camp since you were seven, but this injury is by far the worst you have ever seen. There is one long slash across Percy's chest, and it's oozing with green slime you guess is the poison. You rummage through your pocket and find a piece of ambrosia and stick it in his mouth while you grab a bottle of nectar and pour it over the gash. Nothing happens. Tears are starting to stream down your face as you shake him and cry because god damnit you guys made it through actual hell together, he is not leaving you now. Color slowly starts to seep back into his skin and his wound slowly starts to close. He slowly blinks his eyes open and sits up with a confused look on his face. He has your name on his lips but before he gets a chance to say anything you launch youself into his arms. You're crying and laughing at the same time and you can't do anything other than grip him tight and listen to the beat of his heart and thank all the gods, even Hera, that he's alright because you can't live without him and he's a part of you and-. Percy slowly pulls you off him and looks you in the eyes. He brushes away your tears and smiles. "You didn't think you could get rid of me that easily did you Wisegirl?" You let out a breathy laugh and help him stand, before embracing him again. He runs his fingers through your curls and you'd be content just standing there for the rest of eternity. But you have to go and report the attack to Chiron and on your cab ride there Percy tells you about how he was just getting put of the pool when George appeared and how he got everyone out safely before fighting. You fill him in about what happened afterward and after you're finished you both snuggle up next to each other and Percy makes sure the cab drivers not looking and magically dries you off. You sit there, with Percy's arm around you and think about how you and him have recovered and wonder if you will ever have a normal life. But then you glance out the window and see a young girl melt out of a tree and wink at you and you smile. You wouldn't give up this life for anything. Percy tilts your head towards his and asks, "Hey, what are you grinning about?" Your heart expands with love for him and you answer, "Oh, just thinking about how lucky I am." And the kiss you get in return makes the whole day's events totally worth it. Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo AN: This is my second story here, and my first PJ fanfic! I absolutely love all of Rick Riordan's book! Please review and let me know what you thought, if you have any suggestions please let me know! I need some new prompts to right about, so if you have any just shoot me a PM. Thanks for reading!