you kidding? If I wasn't so bad then you were like superstar level! Seriously!" Will's cheeks were tinted pink as he ranted about the other boy. "Oh shut up, Solace." But Nico felt heat rise to his cheeks too. Thanks to his light complexion, it usually could be seen pretty easily. The two walked in a comfortable silence for a while. "You know, Nico. You still never told me if you liked the song I sang." "You know, I did like the song. A lot actually. So much that I replayed it a bunch of times." Nico faltered but steeled his nerves. Will made the first "move" tonight already. It would be unfair for him to have to do it again. "But, I'd like it a lot more if I knew that it was for someone I knew very well." "Oh like Hazel, Reyna, or Jason? Sorry no, it wasn't for them." Will received a slap on his arm. Nico meant to hit him kind of hard. He did that apparently because Will winced. "Okay, okay. It was for you Death Boy." "Well if that's so Will, then I like that song much more. Especially since you sang it." "Good to hear. But you know, if I knew who Somewhere in New York was about maybe I'd like it more too." "Shut up, Solace. Everything else fit and you know it! But, fine. It may or may not have been for you." This time, Nico received a slap. It was much lighter, but the same point. Nico scoffed and suppressed laughter. "Okay let's go with high possibility of may." "That's more like it. Nico, I have something to tell you." Nico's steps faltered at hearing those words. Skeletal butterflies resurrected themselves in his stomach. Despite everything his friends told him before, he couldn't believe that it was true at the moment. Even Nico's logical side was thinking that it would be what hoped for. But his logical side was drowned out by fear. Nico involuntarily groaned. "Please, Solace make it quick." Nico mumbled. His face was twisted into a grimace. "Woah, Nico, you don't look too good. Are you feeling okay? Wanna go back to the infirmary?" Will completely dismissed what Nico said and cared about Nico's health more than his own heart. This thought got through Nico's brain and broke the barrier of fear that prevented Nico from thinking clearly. Thank the gods for this Solace boy , Nico thought as he straightened his body. "Sorry, Will yeah I'm fine. Forget what I said also, and continue." "Are you sure? Because I'll take you back and get you some medi-," Will was cut off by Nico pressing a finger to his lips. Once again, giving Nico more butterflies than he thought possible. And for the second time for the night, Nico did something he didn't expect himself to do. It gave him goosebumps, even though he wasn't cold. "Yes, Will I'm fine. Get on with it Sunshine." Nico felt his mouth curl into a smile. "Um, okay. Uh, I feel like you already know, but Ilikeyoualot." Will rushed out and took a deep breath out. Nico heard everything Will said perfectly. "I'm sorry, Sunshine. Didn't hear the last part. Care to repeat it?" At this point, Nico was grinning and looked at the other boy expectantly. "I like you a lot." Will whispered, much slower than before. At this point, the pair stopped walking and faced each other. "Is that so?" There was a twinkle in Nico's eye and a smirk on his face. I'm having way too much fun right now. "Shut up, Death Boy. Got something useful to say?" "Yeah, actually. I like you too. A lot." Wordlessly the boys found each other's hands in the dark. Wordlessly, their lips did the same. All of a sudden, there was the sound of cheering behind them. Nico found himself extremely embarrassed, but Will only seemed a little annoyed. "No privacy, huh?" Still holding hands, they turned around to see Lou, Cecil, Jason and Piper leading the pack. They also then seemed to notice that they were right by the canoe lake. Uh oh , Nico had time to think, before Lou shouted. "These lovebirds need to cool off!" Somewhere in the crowd, Percy said "Huh. That's what they told me and Annabeth too." All of a sudden, all they heard was laughter and squeals as the crowd somehow got Will and Nico over them, and passed them over the crowd into the lake, like a celebrity would be held up by the crowd at a concert. Nico and Will tumbled into the lake, splashing around everywhere as they tried to right themselves and pretty much making a fool out of themselves. The crowd cheered once again as they came up from the water, still hand in hand. They spoke in quiet voices to each other. "You're the blood spill, but in love still huh?" Will teased, poking the other boy in the nose. The son of Hades glared at him half-heartedly. "Oh shut up Solace. It was part of the song." Nico looked up and grinned. He couldn't help but think this is a really good kind of different. Nico decided to add something he was thinking about since he sang the song. "But I might be on my way there." Will turned his head and grinned at him, not moving in to kiss the son of Hades, but hug him instead. Will threw his arms around Nico. Usually, Nico disliked physical contact and even though he didn't mind it as much after the past few months, it was different with Will. A lot of things seemed to be. "For the record di Angelo, I am too." Will whispered in Nico's ear. Nico couldn't help but grin at the other boy, and pressed his head into his neck. Again, Nico could hear the roar of the crowd surrounding them, but couldn't care less. He was much too happy.