my love", whispered Nico, hands wandering down Percy's body. Percy nodded his head wildly as Nico cupped his dick and balls. The black dragon smirked as he rolled Percy's balls in his hands slowly, teasingly. His lips captured Percy's and by the time his hand slipped further down. He circled Percy's hole teasingly, enjoying its soft texture. Percy mewled and pushed down against the fingers. They easily slipped into the tight, slippery hole, making Percy sigh pleased. Nico hummed in agreement, latching onto Percy's neck. He kissed and bit down on it, puncturing the skin just the slightest bit, enough to make Percy wince. "You're supposed to fuck me, not to eat me", argued Percy with a glare. "I'm also supposed to mark you, my love", chuckled Nico amused, sinking his teeth in deeper. To distract Percy, Nico added two more fingers, pushing them in deep and spreading them to stretch Percy properly. The distraction worked fine, because Percy was more busy moaning than wincing. His other hand slowly wrapped around Percy's cock to massage it. Nico startled a little as Percy's tail curled around Nico's ankle, holding him in place. "You're cute", grinned Nico, even more amused by that. Percy glared a little at him, grinding down on Nico's fingers. "Cute enough for you to fuck me?" "Definitely", hummed Nico and slowly pulled his fingers out. He was so rock-hard just from the picture of Percy sprawled out beneath him. His little human had already been enchanting as a real human, but now that he was a hybrid? Breathtaking, really. Lining up with Percy's slick hole, Nico slowly pushed in. Nico thought it truly could only be magic that Percy fit him so perfectly – warm, tight, squeezing down around him in just the right way. "Bite me", ordered Percy, arms finding their way around Nico's neck. "Oh god, I want you to bite me. I need you to mark me, please. Y—You feel so good inside of me!" "And you... you feel so, so good chocking my cock like that", murmured Nico in a praising manner, nibbling Percy's neck. "So perfect, my little mate. Gonna open you up wide with my dick, fill you up with my cum until you'll carry our offsprings. We're gonna make such gorgeous little dragons." Percy breath hitched for a second and his eyes widened nearly comically. For a split-second Nico thought that the reality of being a dragon's mate had just caught up with him and was too much. "...We are, aren't we?", whispered Percy in awe. "Between you, my gorgeous black dragon, and my new awesome blue dragon form, our babies are going to be ridiculously pretty..." Nico blinked before he smiled fondly. The thought urged him on to go faster. Within minutes, they were fucking so hard, if Nico owned a bed it would have broken already. The base of Nico's cock slowly swelled on with his approaching orgasm – it had been so many decades since he last had some kind of sex. And sex with Percy was now officially his new favorite thing. The sounds spilling from Percy's lips, those flushed cheeks, sweat glistening on his sun-kissed skin and running over the occasional patch of blue scales. Nico leaned down, allowing his tongue to follow the same path. He licked down from Percy's pulse over his chest, kissing his lover's perky nipples before licking back down. Before his knot could fully fill out, he thrust harder to force his swelling knot through the tight ring of muscles. Percy made a wanton sound as it slipped in. The moment Nico came, he sank his teeth fully into Percy's neck, tasting the metallic blood on his tongue. "Mine", growled Nico possessively as he rode out his orgasm locked onto his mate. "Y—Yours", confirmed Percy with a gasp, coming without even really noticing. The feeling of Nico's knot stretching him out and Nico's cum filling him up and Nico's bite claiming him, it all made him come harder than ever before. Percy had Nico in a vice-grip, refusing to let go of his mate. Nico made soft sounds to calm him down, kissing him tenderly. After a little while, Percy was calmed enough to allow Nico to cuddle up to him. "But if you expect me to be a house-dragon who's going to tend to the little ones and keep the cave clean, I will personally burn you to a crisp", warned Percy pointedly. "My love", whispered Nico and kissed Percy behind the ear. "I chose you because you're a hero and knight. We started patrolling your kingdom three days ago to keep your humans safe and I don't expect you to stop doing it. I will support you and keep your kingdom safe with you. I will also keep you safe and our younglings and I do expect you to do the same. Be a hero, but don't be reckless, my love. I would never be able to endure losing you." Percy heaved a sigh. Nico was being literal; if Percy died, so would Nico. They were now sharing a heart, a life. Percy would never risk his lover's life, or their children's. And Nico was right, the black dragon had so far helped Percy watch over Atlantis, because Nico knew how much it meant to Percy. Being a hybrid now, Percy would never be able to return to the castle, so he had to at the very least make sure from afar that his family and people would be protected. "I love you, my big bad dragon", whispered Percy with a happy grin, kissing Nico's neck. "And I love you, my heroic little knight", grinned Nico pleased. He had his arms wrapped tightly around Percy's waist, holding him safe and close, relishing in the warmth of his mate. This was all Nico had longed for for centuries. He closed his eyes and he could hear their hearts beating in the same rhythm, beating as one. ~*~ The End ~*~