Percy leaned back so he could appreciate the sight and Nico used the opportunity to do the same. Nico marveled at the rough beauty of the pirate's body. There were scars all over the sun-kissed skin, a wave motif tattoo making its way up from Percy's left hip-bone over his torso and to his right shoulder. Nico leaned in to trace the tattoo with his tongue, making Percy yelp and gasp. "Well, someone doesn't want to wait", observed Percy amused, running his fingers through Nico's hair as he slowly laid down on the pillows to give Nico better access. "I got... some oil, in the cabinet over there. The one I can't reach because I have a Nico attached to me." Nico grunted, not taking his tongue off of Percy's sixpack as he blindly patted along for the cabinet to reach the little bottle of strawberry oil. Nico raised one eyebrow at the bottle, tilting his head to look up at Percy just as he dipped his tongue into Percy's naval. "Well, I picked this handsome stray up a few weeks back and I was... optimistic", shrugged Percy. Nico snorted amused while kissing his way up to Percy's shoulder so he could whisper into Percy's ear. "Yeah? Optimistic? I like that. So... are you and me going to... now?" "Sex. The word missing in that sentence is sex", supplied Percy with a pointed look. "Sorry, Captain Sass", huffed Nico and bit Percy's neck. "What do you want me to do?" Percy spread his legs, the pointed look intensifying as he wrapped his arms around Nico's neck. "I want you to put your cock inside of me. So would you apply the oil and do something? Because I have been dying to do this with you, Nico..." "Aye, aye, captain my captain", whispered Nico teasingly, opening the bottle of oil. Nico slowly spread the oil over his hand and cock before reaching between Percy's legs. He gave his lover's cock a couple of jerks, just enough to make Percy moan and relax beneath him. As that was achieved, Nico's hand slipped lower to caress the soft spot of Percy's muscle-ring. Most of Percy's skin was the slightest bit leathery from being out on the sea all day long, but Percy's hole was so soft and velvety to the touch that Nico simply wanted more . So he slipped two fingers into the tight entrance, making Percy moan softly. The captain's fingers were clawed into Nico's curls, tugging demandingly to urge Nico on to do more. Nico eagerly complied. He wrapped his lips around the head of Percy's cock, tongue teasing the slit until the fingers in Nico's hair eased a little. He used the opportunity to add a third finger and properly spread the tender hole more. When Nico first caressed Percy's prostate, the entire ship suddenly swayed sharply. "What was that?", grunted Nico surprised. "My powers", huffed Percy embarrassed, blushing a little. "Now back with your lips to my cock." "Aye, aye, captain", chuckled Nico and opened up wide, swallowing Percy whole. By the time Percy came down Nico's throat, the Italian removed his fingers. Percy was in too much bliss from his orgasm to complain though. Sea-green, hooded eyes watched intensely how Nico swallowed and then licked his lips in a sensual way. The gesture made Percy grin dumbly. "Now for the main act", hummed Nico greedily, grabbing Percy's thighs tightly and lifting them up to position himself at his lover's entrance. "You think you can relax for me?" "Totally relaxed", purred Percy, arching his body sluggishly. Nico snorted in amusement as he eased his way in, inch by inch. He closed his eyes to fully relish in the feeling of Percy's pulsing heat around his aching cock. The tight channels cramped down on Nico in the aftermath of Percy's orgasm. The feeling was incredible and it got even better the deeper Nico went. He paused once he was pressed up close against Percy. Leaning down, Nico captured Percy's lips in a lazy, nearly sluggish kiss, tongues caressing each other as Nico started slowly thrusting into the tight heat. At first, his movement was slow paced and after a while he picked it up, going hard and sharp. The harder and sharper he went, the harder the ship shook in Percy's ecstasy. This was amusing, though Nico considered next time having sex when they were at the shore. He ran his hands greedily over Percy's body, finger-tips leaving trails on the sun-kissed skin in their very waking. Percy arched his body into Nico's touch, moaning every time Nico hit his prostate. Grasping Percy's hips tightly, Nico bend down for another kiss as he felt his own orgasm approach. Nico's grip tightened even more the moment he came deep inside his lover. Percy's moans spilled into Nico's mouth as Nico's seed spilled into Percy's ass. "Shit", gasped Nico as they slowly rolled over. "That was good." "That was damn good", agreed Percy and snuggled up against Nico, lips attaching to Nico's neck. "Finally. I've been waiting for this. And it was better than expected." "It was", confirmed Nico, caressing Percy's sides. "I like your tattoo." "Thanks", grinned Percy. "You'd look good with a tattoo too. Like... my face, on your biceps." Percy trailed his fingers over Nico's biceps, making Nico laugh. "I think that's going a bit too far, captain. My possessive little demigod, mh? All this power... and yet... you're so... normal. Kind." "You can't let it get to your head", shrugged Percy casually. "And I have my family to ground me. My crew. The pirate life is... perfect, for a demigod like me. What about you, my lord?" "I do prefer the pirate life to that of a lord", agreed Nico, kissing Percy softly. "The freedom. The... good we do. Though that one was a surprise. And, of course, you." "Of course me", grinned Percy, more than pleased, settling down to cuddle his lover. ~*~ The End ~*~