after him. Percy's brain short-circuited and he grabbed his phone, dialing his number one emergency contact. "Leo here, where's the fire?", chimed a way too chipper voice ( it was only seven in the morning). "I just kissed Nico di Angelo!", exclaimed Percy in a nearly panicked voice. "Finally!", groaned Leo relieved. "Seriously, your will-they-won't-they was driving me insane!" "W—What are you talking about?", stammered Percy a little embarrassed. "Oh, come on. I saw you two groceries shopping the other day", snorted Leo amused before sobering up. "Look, Perce... There is nothing wrong with this. He was there for you in what can safely be considered your darkest hour and he has been there since then. It's just... the next step." "You... think so?", asked Percy softly. "Totally", agreed the Latino. "Now go and get your man." Sighing softly, Percy hung up the phone and made his way downstairs. Nico was actually making breakfast, while Derek and Sam ran around his legs like little puppies. Trend, always the most responsible of Percy's boys, was setting the table. A tender smile spread over Percy's lips as he observed them. This was what he wanted, what he wanted to come home to. His family. "Boys, go and get cleaned up", ordered Percy. "Oh, daddy wants to be alone with Nico", giggled Derek, pulling his brothers along. "Percy?", asked Nico with an inquisitive note to his voice. He didn't get a chance to say more because Percy stepped up to him and wrapped his arms around Nico from behind, nose buried between Nico's shoulder-blades. The Italian was only wearing a black Batman shirt and sweatpants. And he was barefoot. Nico really must have rolled out of best last night just to get to them. The thought made Percy's heart flutter. "You know... you wouldn't have to run three blocks at night to arrest a raccoon if you'd be living here", whispered Percy softly, closing his eyes. "You could protect us from here." "We only just kissed this morning", pointed Nico out, trying to sound soft. "You're practically living here already", countered Percy amused, standing on the tips of his toes to rest his chin on Nico's shoulder. "You're over here five days of the week, even if it's just for a short visit. You crashed here on multiple occasions because we live 'closer' to the precinct. Three blocks. That you easily ran last night. You want to live here. So do." "You make it sound so easy", sighed Nico and turned around to face the teacher. "Why can't it be?", argued Percy curiously, tilting his head. "I mean, you're a cop. You know life can be short. So... why waste time with unimportant things? With waiting? You... gave me something to hold onto when I thought I had nothing , when I didn't know how I was even supposed to function anymore. I—I know that's your job , I know you do that for other parents and victims, but I... like to think that the extend to which you did was... because we're special. To you. So, if we're special to you and you're certainly special to us, why... can't we just be together?" "Because you have three sons", pointed Nico out, reluctantly laying his arms around Percy's waist. "What if it doesn't work out between us? The kids get attached to me and we break up? Or what if they don't even want me here to begin with, mh? I don't want to mess up your family." "Silly Nico", chided Derek rather seriously as he stomped back in. "Daddy likes you a lot and you tell great bedtime stories and you make daddy smile and you're a policeman, which means that if you live here, you can protect us and make sure no one ever hurts my Sammy again." "I second Derek's reasoning", agreed Trend as the boys sat down at the table. "Also, you can cook." "What do you think, Sam?", asked Nico, looking at the still rather shy boy. Percy always spotted a rather sad smile when he looked at Sam. The boy used to be so wild and loud and just there – his presence could fill a room easily. But ever since everything with Leroy and the police interrogations, he tried to melt into the shadows. Dark, forest-green eyes turned toward Nico with something akin to hope sparkling in them. "Can we come to the police station with you then if you move in?", asked Sam curiously. "If you move in and kiss daddy, that like makes you our second parent then, right? So we could come and see your workplace? Oh! You could come to career day!" "Yes!", chorused Trend and Derek, their eyes sparkling just as much. "You're in second grade, boys, take it slow", laughed Percy, ruffling their hair. "So, if I see that correctly, then it's four to one. I think you're outvoted, Nico." "Really?", chuckled Nico, raising one eyebrow. "So... I don't get a say in where I live?" "When I tell your sister that the choice is between the rathole you call an apartment and this house, she will personally drag you here and terminate your lease", countered Percy with a grin. Nico started laughing, a rich and dark sound as he pulled Percy into another kiss. Ever since he had walked into that classroom months ago, Percy Jackson and his three rascal sons had been on Nico's mind every single day. How could he not want all of that? "Stop kissing!", shrieked Sam high-pitched. "Take care of the bacon!" The adults parted and started laughing again. Nico obeyed the boy and saved the bacon from being turned into coal while Percy finished setting the table. A beautiful woman once said that sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together. All of this, as cruel, horrible and horrifying as it had been, had brought them all closer together, had formed this family. Made them better. ~*~ The End ~*~