show was based on a book series Octavian had been obsessed with for years now and since this fancy new show started airing a few weeks ago, he forced Percy to watch it with him. Percy was fine with it, as long as it involved cuddles. Percy was laying curled together on top of Octavian, nose buried in his collarbone. While his blonde was babbling on about the plot, Percy just enjoyed the augur's arms around his waist. "Can we go and have some fun ?", whispered Percy to interrupt the blonde's rambling. Octavian paused and stood, grabbing Percy by the waist to carry him off. Mike and Leo laughed as they watched the other couple leave. Percy huffed with a pout as he was dumped on his own bed. They had started doing more than groping on Valentine's Day, though Percy was not really ready to go all the way – he hadn't been ready for that with Mike either. Something just didn't feel right about it. But Octavian didn't push, so it was alright on all accounts. Percy moaned softly as Octavian's tongue trailed down his torso, clever fingers wrapped around his cock, caressing it into full hardness before Octavian's mouth moved from Percy's stomach to his cock. A small yelp escaped Percy's lips as he could feel the warmth engulfing his hardness. Octavian had a really clever tongue and Percy enjoyed it immensely. He could feel Octavian's smirk around his dick. "Oh, shut up", huffed Percy and rolled his eyes. Octavian chuckled, the motion sending pleasant shivers through Percy's body as he felt himself erupting in the wet cavern. Gasping for breath, Percy relaxed beneath the blonde. Octavian licked his lips as he came up to lay beside Percy, arms around his Greek's waist and nose buried in the soft, ocean-scented hair. Percy made him feel at ease. Too much at ease sometimes, sometimes Percy was infatuating with his easy going nature, but most the time, it was good with Percy. /break\ Most the time was not always though. A year after he and Leo had moved to New Rome, Percy found himself sitting on the couch of his new apartment. As nice as having Octavian all to himself had been, Percy was a person who valued his friends and wanted to share his happiness with his friends and family. Keeping their relationship a secret was something that only worked for a few months. It wasn't just the end of his relationship with Octavian that had chased Percy out of New Rome though. Romans were hard and stern – he had experienced so when he had first been to Camp Jupiter. But they were the same way at college and he was desperate and felt like he was failing on all accoutns, so when Annabeth called and told him the Athena Academy was finished and he learned that he could do his last two years at college over in the newly finished New Athens, he was more than just tempted. He could be close to Annabeth, Clarisse, Grover, Piper and all his other Greek friends there. New Athens was less than an hour away from New York, so he could visit his family whenever he wished to. And he had truly missed his Greeks, his Camp Half-Blood and his family. It were all those components playing together, he guessed. Leo remained in New Rome with Mike and their Roman friends, he knew he would move to New Athens after his graduation to open up the shop with Jake and Nyssa. But Percy, he longed to be back home. The newness of New Rome had been a good change of pace for a year, but now it was time to return to his roots. "It's not a big apartment, two bedrooms and a small living room, but it's enough for the two of us, right?", asked Rachel as she collapsed next to Percy, grin on her face. After her graduation, she had left home and wanted to make a life of her own, with the her demigodly friends. It seemed like a perfect fit for Percy to move in with the redhead and the apartment may not be big, but Percy really didn't need much room. Percy loved New Athens so far, it had beautiful parks, gorgeous buildings and the college looked good from the outside too. "It'll be good, right?", whispered Percy softly. "You and me, living in New Athens." "Who knows", mused Rachel with a grin. "Let's see how long it'll last." "Well, I want to open my dojo in New Athens, always wanted to anyway, so this will last as long as you wanna stay with me", shrugged Percy, bumping shoulders with her. "I'll miss Leo though." But Leo was doing good in New Rome. He could handle college better, he was still happy with Mike and he wanted to enjoy the time with his Romans before he'd return to New Athens after his graduation. That aside, Percy could still IM his Roman friends and he would visit them, together with Nico. Now that he was back on the Greek side of life, he would get to see Nico more often too. But first of all, he wanted to focus on himself and on finishing college and he wanted to enjoy his time with his Greeks again. He had a feeling that life in New Athens would be good for him. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Aaand with this, ARC I of my headcanon timeline is officially closed! OHMYGOSHIDIDIT! With this, the pre-relationship phase is officially done with. (If you visited my profile lately, you may have noticed that I split my headcanon universe into five arcs) I'm relatively happy with this, because it tied up all the loose ends ARC I had left - how Percy moved to New Athens, how he and Leo became best friends, how his relationship with Mike fell apart and how he got together with Octavian! *grins broadly*