wasn't just a storm, it had a face, the face of a woman. "Is that... But Gaia is the deity of the earth I thought...", whispered Piper confused. "That's not Gaia", answered Jason. "We don't know what it is, but it got Percy." "What?", growled Nico wide-eyed, staring at the cloud-woman. It was true. The woman-shaped cloud was holding someone in his hand, someone who was way too important to the son of Hades to let her get away with it. He flexed his hands, trying to hold back, all he wanted to do was jump up there and get his Sea Prince, but he couldn't. "Grace, move your sorry ass up there and get him down!", demanded the Ghost Prince angered. "What am I supposed to do, di Angelo?", hissed the blonde back. "I can't get close." "That is right, little ones", whispered the wind into their ears, the voice seemed to come from everywhere. "You won't get close to me. And you'd better not try. Because you wouldn't stand a chance against me. I am a force too great for you." "Who are you?", screamed Thalia at her, trying to fly closer with Blackjack. "I am Chaos, the oldest and most powerful deity in existence." "Great, because we're not having a hard enough time fighting Gaia", groaned Frank annoyed. "I am not here to fight you", called the wind to them. "Then return Percy!", demanded Nico outrageous. There was laughter ringing in the wind, laughter so light and amused but still a bit psychopathic that it shook the teenagers. Something was off. What did Chaos want from them? And why did she take Percy? Nico's yaw tightened. No one was allowed to take his Sea Prince away from him, he still had Hera's ass to kick for the last months without Percy. "Don't be so angry with me, heir of Hades", whistled the wind. "I do not plan on hurting him. There's something I have to show him, a lesson he has to learn." "Why? Why him? Where do you want to take him?", screamed Nico. "On contrary to your beliefs, not every deity older than the gods is evil", there was a certain smile evident in the voice. "For you to win against Gaia and what is about to come, you need to learn a lesson about yourselves. And I will teach you this lesson." Chaos opened her mouth, though it was so much more like a tornado behind those cloudy lips. And then she tossed Percy inside. Wide, fearful sea-green eyes stared at the Argo II. "Nico!", was the faintest thing they could hear from him, before he disappeared inside the storm. "No!", screamed the son of Hades, his knuckles turning white as he gripped the rail hard, ready to jump over it to get to the boy he loved. "Don't be ridiculous, Nico", whispered his sister, her hand on his wrist. "What do you plan on doing? Jumping after him into certain death?" "You don't understand, Hazel!", growled the Ghost Prince. "I understand perfectly. I've understood it the moment I introduced you two", smiled the girl softly. "You love him. I'm not stupid, Nico. I know you love him." Gritting his teeth, he averted his eyes. "I can't just stand here and do nothing." "That's the reason we are going to follow him, dumbass!", interrupted Leo as loud as possible. "And now get to work, everyone! We need to fasten the sails and everything loose and then I want everyone to get below deck!" "What are doing, Valdez?", asked the son of Hades surprised. "I'm gonna bring us through that storm. I didn't built that ship to fetch Percy Jackson so some other crazy woman can take him away again", grinned the Latino. "Everybody!", called Jason. "Do as he says! We're gonna get Percy Jackson back!" Cheers could be heard all over deck and the half-bloods started moving, both Hunters and Amazons landing on board again to help. Soon everything was ready and the teenagers got below deck. "You too", ordered Leo, trying to concentrate on navigating through the storm. "You're gonna need help, Valdez", smirked Nico and got next to the son of Hephaestus. "He's right with that one, Leo", smiled Piper, gripping the wheel on Leo's other side. "I'll try influencing the storm to our advantage, but I doubt it'll work out considering that that's the doing of a higher deity", sighed Jason, his face contracted in pure concentration. "We need to get through this storm fast, but you need to slow down for that. The force we're facing is too strong, we'll crash if we go full force into it", commented Annabeth with scrunched eyebrows. Together they worked their way into the gaping mouth of their newest enemy, sailing through the wildness of the storm. Once they got out again, everything was dark for a split second before it turned into normalcy again. A normal sky, stormy but with regular storm-clouds. Though as soon as they were settled at least a bit, something came crashing down on deck. Since the shaking of the ship finally stopped, the other half-bloods got out again to take a look at where they were. The something that had come crashing down on them moved and groaned. "What a shitty landing, Blackjack", groaned the boy. He wore faded, black jeans, a skin-tight sleeveless shirt and a leather jacket tied around his waist. Black hair was styled into every direction. "Who... Who are you...?", whispered Nico dumbfounded. The boy turned to them and snorted, sea-green eyes glinting with mischief. He spread his arms out and walked some steps closer to them, a wicked grin on his black-painted lips. "Who do I look like? I'm Percy fucking Jackson, second in command of our high Lord Kronos", chuckled the teen, putting his hand into his pocket, pulling Riptide out. "What I would want to know though is: Who are you? Because I'm pretty sure I've already killed most of you."