After all, you were always given a task . To help a great king and serve him. This time, your father just dumped you here. Without a task that can be fulfilled to get your godhood back." "Clever. So that's why you've been skyping with your ex -girlfriend, right?", asked Apollo. Percy frowned at the way Apollo said 'ex-girlfriend'. "You know, if I wouldn't know any better, I'd say you're jealous. Though that would explain why you've been glaring at me the whole time I spoke to Annabeth. And why you didn't get a word the two of us have been talking about. Oh my gods, you were so engrossed in being jealous and pouting that you weren't listening, right?" Apollo made an undignified sound in the back of his throat and threw a pillow at Percy. Damn that mortal body, it just blushed in answer. There were so many things he missed about being a god. His chariot was all the way up there on that list, followed by not having urges like peeing and sleeping. "Oh gods. I'm... I'm actually right , am I?", asked Percy stunned and gaped at the blonde. "I—I was just teasing ! Oh gosh. You have a crush on me? On me ? How did that happen?" Apollo rolled his eyes a bit tired and put his plate away as Percy ranted and rambled. He had already witnessed how awkward Percy could get when it came to realizing someone had feelings for him – with Rachel and Nico, Apollo had watched from above, laughing at their demise because they couldn't have him. Granted, the Athena-brat had snatched Percy away before Apollo had a chance, but apparently the ex in ex-girlfriend was still up-to-date. And Apollo was the one sleeping in Percy's room, not Annabeth, so that had to mean a lot too, right? Getting up, Apollo walked over to the still rambling Percy and grasped the boy's neck. Percy instantly froze like a deer in the headlights and Apollo just smirked. He pulled the other boy into a kiss that started out sweet enough and ended on a very hot note, with Apollo straddling Percy's lap, running his hands down Percy's spine to cup the boy's butt as much as he could in their current position. Getting hit by a shoe hurt a lot when one was mortal. The two bolted apart and Apollo stared wide-eyed at the furious stepfather. Paul looked ready to punish Apollo worse than Zeus had. "Get off my stepson. You're sleeping in the living room from now on and I am going to check if you're there at least twice an hour and if I find you all over the boy again, I'm going to take my other shoe and put it up your not-so-godly arse. Square", warned Paul darkly. "Yessir!", yelped Apollo wide-eyed, putting a couple feet between himself and Percy. "Good", grunted Paul pleased. "And the door stays open when the two of you are in here." Percy rolled his eyes fondly as he watched Paul leave. Honestly, for a boy who spend his earliest years all without a father and then later with an abusive stepfather, it was always a little exciting to finally have an overbearing father-figure. He had most noticed that when he had been reunited with his mom and Paul after the Giant War. Paul and Sally made sure to shelter him since then, obviously afraid that he would be snatched away again or forced into another war. "So... You want the whole human experience? Including the overbearing dad of your boyfriend?", asked Percy teasingly and laid down on his bed, facing Apollo, who still sat frozen on the ground. Shaking the stupor off, Apollo turned to face the cheekily grinning son of Poseidon. "Sure." The cheeky grin slipped off Percy's face as his cheeks heated up. "Uhm, so... you mean that? I mean, you actually want a boyfriend ? Because Will said you spend a lot of time flirting." "Please, flirting is like breathing to me", huffed Apollo dismissively. "But I don't go around kissing people, do I? You're cute, Percy Jackson. I came to you because I know I can trust you. There aren't many I can say that about. I don't know how long I will be mortal, but I want to spend that time with you. Doing mortal stuff like dating and such." "But no making out in my home!", barked Paul from somewhere outside the room. Both Apollo and Percy blushed before laughing. Apollo knelt in front of the bed so he could steal another kiss. Percy eagerly leaned in for the tender treat and Apollo smirked into the kiss. "I'm looking forward to that roadtrip though. No nagging chaperon", whispered Apollo. "You underestimate your oldest son", returned Percy amused. "I can already hear him complain about how gross it is to watch me and his dad making out." "Oh please, he needs to stop being so whiny", huffed Apollo dismissively. "He was complaining so much while I was at camp! 'Don't talk about this', 'don't ask my boyfriend about our sex-life!', 'Don't flirt with Malcolm, he's my best friend'. So boring, really." "Ah, but... don't flirt with Malcolm. You have a boyfriend now", offered Percy as alternative. "No flirting, huh?", asked Apollo with a troubled frown. "Not if you don't want to get into trouble with both Will and me", chimed Percy. Heaving a defeated sigh, Apollo nodded slowly. "How about we take Meg instead of Will?" "You only just recently met this girl. She is untrained and new to all of this", grunted Percy with a deadpan. "I'm very much against throwing newbies into big quests. No, Apollo." Apollo chuckled at the cute expression on Percy's face and kissed him again. "Everything you say." "Now, that sounds like a deal", hummed Percy intrigued. "Then kiss me again. Apollo eagerly obeyed and kissed Percy deeply. Being mortal wasn't that bad after all. ~*~ The End ~*~