entire cabin with those damn Furby things." Needless to say, Nico didn't fight him on his decision. The Furby incident became Camp Half-Blood legend soon after, and it spun quickly out of control. Nobody left Will and Nico alone about it, asking if Will had really lost an arm and a leg, or if they really had a threesome with the Furby (This was quickly denied). But soon, as all of the stories and rumors do, they faded out of importance in everyone's minds. That is, until one day later that summer… A knock sounded on the door to the Apollo cabin, and all of the campers looked up. It was a late afternoon in early August, and the Furby incident had happened over a month before. Nobody had brought it up since July, and Will was extremely grateful for this. "Special delivery for the Apollo cabin," a muffled voice called out. "Open up!" yelled another muffled voice, sounding rather similar to the first one. The cabin broke out into chatter of who was going to go up to the door and get it, until Meredith sighed and called out, "I'm coming, I'm coming!" She started to wheel herself up to the door and opened up, scootching her wheelchair backwards as it swung open. The Stoll brothers stood in the doorway, one of them holding a brown box held shut by tape. "Late delivery from the camper mail," the other one explained. "Just got it a few minutes ago. Thanks, Dad!" Thunder rumbled. "Anywho…" The one holding the box dropped it into Meredith's lap, causing her to let out a squeak. "Enjoy your package!" The mock-saluted at the same time. Meredith leaned over to grasp the doorknob, and she swung the door shut, muttering about how stupid the Stolls were. "Who's it for?" Samuel asked, looking up from his card game with Alex. Meredith turned her chair around, before picking up the box and studying it. A hush rang out over the cabin as they waited for Meredith to announce who it was for. "It's for Laurel!" she announced. Campers groaned, as Laurel squealed and jumped up, leaping over to Meredith. "Thank you!" she squealed, taking the box out of Meredith's hands and giving her a one-armed hug. The older girl chuckled and hugged her back. "Swiggity swox, what's in the box?" Alex yelled, and Samuel half-jokingly slapped zher on the shoulder for it. Alice stood up from her bunk, a pair of scissors in her hand, and she walked over to Laurel. Carefully taking the box out of her hands and setting it down on the floor, Alice opened up the scissors and started to drag one sharp edge slowly through the tape. Everyone groaned at how slowly she was doing this. "Go faster, sis!" Gordon yelled. "Shut up, Gordon!" she snapped back as she finally slid through the tape. Laurel squealed and opened up the box, first taking out a letter that seemed to have been written in Portuguese. "It's from Mam á! " she squealed, opening up the letter and reading it slowly to herself. When she was done, she reached back into the package, disturbing all of the packing pellets that had been crammed into it. Laurel then pulled out a sight that made many of the Apollo campers gasp. The Furby was lavender with a tuft of magenta hair, its eyes closed. The animal pattern that it bore was a set of leopard marking, colored dark purple. Its beak and claws were a light orange, like mac and cheese. Its eyes were closed. Alex clamped zher hands over zher mouth to stifle their giggles, and Samuel starting going "Ohhhhhhhhhh" quietly. Many of the other campers were doing similar things, as they all turned to face one member of their cabin in particular. Will looked up from his medical book, pulling out his earbuds as he did so. He frowned when he saw every member of his cabin staring at him with barely concealed looks of mirth upon their faces. "What?" he asked. "What's wrong? Is there something on my face?" Meredith coughed "Will, you promised not to repeat that… incident from June, right?" Will shut his book, groaning. "Guys, that was one time . And I'm not gonna do it again, I just overreacted!" "Show him, Laurel." Laurel held up her brand-new Furby, and the look of horror on Will's face was enough to send the entire cabin into giggles. Especially when Will ran out of the cabin, yelling, "NICO! We've got a problem!" I literally have no apologies for this one-shot. Except for the make-out scene. That was actually sorta awkward to write. I stared at the computer screen for like five minutes while trying to write it. Bleah. Also this wasn't supposed to be eight thousand words and 23 pages I don't know where I went wrong I am very sorry Anyways, I have two other Solangelo one-shots up. One is "Nico-Sexual," the other one is "Underneath the Mistletoe." I have more in the works, such as "A Common Memory" and "Don't Slam Dunk the Child" (I have no idea where I am going with that one). I also have a multi-chaptered Solangelo fic up, called "How Not to Get Your OTP Together." It's actually my most popular story right now woop woop. And at least one of you has read it already don't lie. My tumblr is gamzee-makaraoni. Warning: I am multi-fandom trash, so expect not only Percy Jackson, but Homestuck, Harry Potter, Doctor Who, Marina and the Diamonds, and Ninjago, along with many, many, MANY others. Also a lot of feminism as well. I hope you enjoyed this! I personally have never enjoyed Furbies. I've never had a proper Furby toy, though, just some toy things from either McDonald's or Burger King when I was a lot younger. They still scared me though, and I kept on putting them in the attic of my dollhouse. Ciao for now! Deranged Shadow Fangirl