"B—But... You... You came here?", whispered Percy. "For... For me?" "You said you could love me", nodded Nico, gently wrapping one arm around Percy's waist and pulling the Lord of the Lake up against his own chest. "How I could I not follow that call? If there is a chance for you to love me, I am not letting you slip away again, Percy. Because I do. I love you. I love you very much, you swept me off my feet when we traveled together. Please?" Percy wanted to say so many things, but in the end, he just leaned up and kissed Nico, thinking that to be a far better answer than any words could be. And oh, those warm lips moving against his own nearly drove Percy to tears once more. Nico held him tightly in his arms. /Three Hundred Years Later\ Percy smiled softly as he snuggled up against his consort. Nico chuckled as he pulled his hood deeper into his face, the black satin cloak making him look like Death himself. Which was ironic, since death could not touch him, not since he had risen again. Percy tilted his head up to kiss Nico, the necromancer wrapping a protective arm around Percy as the two stood on the hill. "It's time", whispered Percy softly into his lover's ear. "Are you sure?", asked Nico concerned as they watched the group of knights. At the head of the quest rode a blonde prince with bright blue eyes and a cocky grin on his lips. Nico snorted and shook his head as he watched the prince sprouting cocky comments. There was so much irony to this. Three hundred years ago, he had been there as this boy's ancestor had tried to pull the magic sword and fail. Nico wondered what Jason would say now, if he were around. "He's an arrogant ass", agreed Percy to Nico's silent asset. "But he'll be fine. All he needs are the right people to support him. His knights are loyal to a fault and... I have something more planned." "What do you have planned love?", asked Nico accusingly, kissing Percy's jaw. "Someone needs to keep him in check. And to truly unite this realm, he needs to unite humans and warlocks. I know your sister's bloodline has been living off the public for many years now, but... he is the strongest warlock I have ever encountered in my life. Your sister's blood runs in his veins." Nico froze a little, glaring doubtfully. "Sure, he's the strongest warlock, but-" "And he has a connection to the dragons, since he himself is a descendant of a dragon", added Percy, eyes sparkling mischievously, stealing a kiss from Nico. "He does, but-", started Nico once more, being cut off by yet one more kiss. "I know. You are protective of the descendants of your sister because they are your blood, but he... he is special . Rachel has seen it centuries ago, when she had first met Jason and Reyna and Hazel and Frank", argued Percy gently. "That their bloodlines will meet again. Will be great together." "I don't like it", sighed Nico doubtfully once more as he stared at the blonde prince of Olympus. "Love, you never like anything that might just endanger someone you care about", snorted Percy, hitting Nico's chest hard to make him go 'oof'. "To end the war, there will have to be fighting." "And... And you think they can truly bring peace?", asked Nico once more, skeptical. "They're strong. Brave. Loyal. They can unite these three realms so a new united kingdom might just be born", nodded Percy, biting his lip. "But... there's one member missing." "What? No. No ", growled Nico pointedly. "Love. Lance wanted to be a knight since he could talk", chuckled Percy, using his begging kitten eyes on his consort. "Come on, please. He asked me to talk to you about this." Lance was their son. Fifteen years ago, Percy had found an orphaned toddler at his lake. The child with the azure-blue eyes and messy, soft brown hair had taken Percy's heart with one smile. Nico had no say in adopting the boy, but oh, was Nico taken with their son by now. Sadly, Lance was very stubborn about becoming a hero and joining a strong force to defend their home. "It's an awful idea. Awful, I tell you", growled Nico pointedly. "You actually want to send our lovely but bumbling son into this quest? With a cocky, arrogant prince, a strong but inexperienced warlock and this bunch of young knights. To save us all. I think I'll convert and start praying now." Percy hummed in amusement, a gentle smile on his lips. He watched the knights traveling with the prince, a lanky knight with black hair and nearly violet eyes arguing with a short blonde until a tall knight with a curious white streak in his hair got between them. A big, roundish fella pulled the blonde aside with a distracting story. They seemed like good friends. Lance could use some good friends and Percy had a feeling that the story they would write would go down in history. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Kudos to those who know into what fandom this story briefly crossed over there at the end :D (I just couldn't resist, since Lancelot was raised by the Lady of the Lake, so... Lance and Percy as the Lord of the Lake... how could I resist, really?) Anyway, this was something I wanted to write for like... years. I mean, not one-by-one this, but the idea of Percy as a Lord of the Lake and Nico as a medieval prince has been around since 2011 when I drew a series of illustrations for such a possible AU. Since I've said it before - lots of times - I don't like lazy rewrites. Like, actually making Nico Arthur and stuff, so I thoroughly enjoyed twisting the Arthurian legend some *grins broadly*