panting hard. "I want you. Mine. My mates." There was a possessive edge to his voice as he growled, his own claws scratching their backs. He was slowly growing really desperate here. He had controlled himself as best as he could, but the wait was driving him positively insane. All he wanted and needed right now were his dominants. He needed them. Inside of his aching hole. Groaning softly, Percy stole another kiss from Jason. "You are mine ", growled the merboy. "And I need you now ." "Anything you want, sweet sub", murmured Nico soothingly, nibbling on Percy's neck. "Your cocks. Inside me. Now", prompted Percy needfully. Jason groaned blissfully at the idea of being inside the wet, hot hole. He had never fucked a submissive before and as much as he loved his demon, both needed something to balance them out. And the sweet, bossy merboy seemed to be just the thing. Nico got up and walked around them, holding Percy by his hips and slowly guiding him closer to Jason's cock. Kneeling between Jason's legs and right behind Percy, Nico eased Percy down onto the hard cock of the angel. Jason's wings jerked as the unusually slick heat embraced him. Percy moaned, a relieved sound as he was finally penetrated by the hardness of a dominant. His fingers found their way into the fluffy wings, balling fists. Jason whimpered a little as the merboy pulled on his feathers. "Sensitive much?", teased Percy as he sucked and nibbled Jason's throat. "Yeah", grunted Jason with a bit of a pout. "Try not plucking my feathers." "Baby", teased Percy with a grin, kissing the corner of Jason's mouth. He heaved a soft sigh as he was finally fully impaled on Jason's cock. His mind, a raging chaotic mess of hormones and need, was finally easing up a little. It wasn't fully okay yet, he'd need a couple rounds of sex first. Biting Jason's neck hard, Percy then turned to look over his shoulder at Nico with a demanding expression. The demon grinned broadly as he obeyed. Tightening his grip on Percy's waist, Nico slowly lined up with Jason's dick that was already settled deep in the tightness. Squeezing in beside his angel, Nico pushed in deeper and deeper. The demon took a moment to pause, leaning over Percy's shoulder to kiss Jason and give Percy the chance to adjust. "Bite me", ordered Percy, wiggling around displeased. "Stop wasting time! Fuck me. Bite me. Mark me. I need you. That still hasn't gotten through your thick skulls?" "You're one cheeky submissive", snorted Nico amused, scratching his fangs along Percy's pulse. "But he's cute when he's so bossy and disgruntled", grinned Jason. "Come on, let's move." Percy groaned relieved as they finally started moving. Nico thrust hard and sharp, lifting Percy off Jason's dick with his movement. Percy completely fell apart between their movement. Finally he had the thick, hard cocks of his dominants deep inside of him, stretching him and filling him up. While Nico's fingers were leaving bruises on Percy's hips, Jason's right hand was curled around Percy's cock, jerking him off with painfully slow motions. Percy rocked between them, trying to get more of their cocks and more of Jason's touch, just generally more . "Sh, not so greedy, sweet sub", cooed Nico, scratching Percy's neck a little. "We're going to give you everything you need. Everything you want. You're ours now, we will take good care of you." Percy sighed heavenly as he leaned back against the demon, completely melting into their touches. This was all he had ever wanted. Finding the perfect mate – or mates, as it turned out – who knew how to handle him. The annoying dominants his father tried to set him up with always thought they could make him swoon and obey them, but they never cared who he was and what he even liked. Jason and Nico had been so adorkable when getting to know Percy. They'd watch him with such starry-eyed expressions when he'd talk about his killer whale Blackjack or his family. "Come for us, Percy", requested Jason, kissing the underside of Percy's throat. Whimpering, Percy couldn't find it in him to disobey the request. He came all over Jason's torso. His contracting muscles urged both his new mates into their orgasms too. Nico sank his fangs into the left nape of Percy's neck and Jason mirrored the motion on Percy's right. Marked and filled by his mates, Percy collapsed pleased. Sure, he'd be in a world of trouble with his parents, but he didn't care. He loved those two and they loved him. This was going to be Percy's happy ending. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: First things first; I'd love to direct your attention to the Percico Positivity Project on tumblr! It's an event in August, 18th to 28th, covering one prompt each day, either for fanart or fanfiction. I myself plan on participating all eleven days and I'd love for you guys to also join in on the fun - the project was started because Solangelo stole so many fans who abandoned our beloved ship or gave up on Rick Riordan and abandon everything all together! So, show some solidarity, show that we're still here and we still love Nico and Percy and it's worth staying on board of the ship! Show it by participating! And, well, personally I would love for you guys to participate so the Percico will also have some Nicercy in it, you know me ;) You can easily find it by googling its title; it's the first thing to pop up (you know FFNet doesn't allow links *sighs*), so check it out guys! Second little announcement; You can now check the update-dates for every story of mine on my profile and see which one will be updated next! The dates are not set in stone, something can always come up and mess with my life and my schedule, of course.