to snicker. Oh, the little tease knew exactly how much Luke frightened Nico. Frowning annoyed, Nico reached down to pinch Percy's ass. "Ouch", huffed Percy, hitting Nico's chest. "Scratch that, you two are just disgusting!", corrected Alabaster loudly. "Don't be such a jerk, man", chuckled Frank from where he stood at the table with the food. "Yeah, I think they're like the perfect couple", agreed Leo, sitting perched up on the table. "...What do you two want?", asked Nico suspiciously. "What makes you think that?", asked Leo innocently. "We're just being supportive." "Yeah, no, you two teaming up to defend me can only mean you want something", snorted Nico. "You said you're gonna go to New Orleans visiting Hazel next week and I really miss her. Haven't seen her since last year", admitted Frank with a blush. "And I kinda told Leo so much about her that he got curious. I just know she'd get along great with Leo." "Fine, fine. You two can come with us to New Orleans", sighed Nico. "...That was easier than you said", pointed Leo out with a frown. "What can I say, Frank is probably right. Hazel would like you. You kind of remind me of her ex-boyfriend Sammy. And with you and Frank over, you could occupy her time long enough so I can get some alone time with Percy too. I want to show him the city in a more... romantic way", stated Nico simply, shrugging. "I mean, I am looking forward to seeing my little cousin again, but I also want to enjoy the vacation with my... fiance too." "Say that again", requested Percy with a dopey grin. Nico snorted and rolled his eyes. "Fiance." "Loving the sound of that", hummed Percy and leaned up to kiss Nico. "Wait. Is that also why you planned that mini vacation for you and me? So we can tell your cousin about the engagement?" "...Perhaps", admitted Nico slowly, blushing a little. "But I also miss her. I haven't seen her in months now. I hate when that much time comes between her and me. She's like a sister to me." "You're the cutest thing on this planet", whispered Percy, kissing Nico's nose. "Says the cuddly oversized seal snuggled up against me", countered Nico amused. "You're both disgustingly cute", stated Alabaster and rolled his eyes. "Didn't you listen?" "At this point, I have to agree with Ally", said Ethan seriously. "I mean, I know from experience that Percy is a cuddle-monster but he's even worse with you than he ever was with me..." "What can I say? Nico brings out the best in me", grinned Percy teasingly. /Their First Vacation\ Frank was more right than anticipated, noted Nico as he watched how Frank, Hazel and Leo sat together in her back-yard, huddled suspiciously close and sharing a bottle of wine. Nico and Percy had been out for a couple hours and Hazel didn't seem like she had even noticed. Sure, she hugged the life out of both Percy and Nico, especially when she saw the ring, but then she met Leo. Her and Frank, they had been dancing around dating for years now. And she was instantly smitten with the cute Latino, just like Frank had been. Nico rolled his eyes at them. "Hey, guys. Got some wine left over for me and Nico, or is this an exclusive date?", asked Percy. "D—Date?", sputtered Leo wide-eyed and flushed. Percy frowned confused and looked at Frank and Hazel. "I thought, judging from the family pictures of Nico, Hazel, Frank, Jason and Reyna, that you two are in a long-distance relationship. In a polyamorous one, because... aren't you two dating now , Frank and Leo? I... thought the reason you two wanted to come here was to, uh, you know, do the three-way thing?" "Percy, amore, I love you, but you are not good with your words", snorted Nico amused. "I—I... we are not dating", stammered Frank embarrassed, face red. "Neither of us." "Yeah, because you never had the guts to ask me out", sighed Hazel pointedly. "You too?", asked Leo wide-eyed. "I thought that it was all me!" "Oh, sweetie, it sure ain't you. You're adorable", assured Hazel with a smile. "It's all Frank." "A—Adorable?", echoed Leo with a bright blush. "Yes. I'm very grateful Nico brought the eye-candy for me", grinned Hazel and winked. "...Oh", mumbled Frank, faltering a little. "I meant you too, silly", laughed Hazel, hitting Frank's shoulder. "O—Oh", hummed Frank, face beet-red. Percy grinned at them from where he had his chin resting on Nico's shoulder. "On second thought, I'm really tired from touring New Orleans. Come, Nick, let's go upstairs to our room." "You are so good at this, you should have become an actor", called Hazel out, rolling her eyes. "Have I mentioned that I really like your cousin?", laughed Percy, steering Nico toward the stairs. "Have fun, you three! Lots and lots of fun! Nico and I are really heavy sleepers!" "Actor, Jackson, really, you should become one", called Hazel after them fondly. Percy giggled as he pushed Nico forward toward their bedroom. Once inside, they shed most of their clothes and curled together on the bed. Nico got his tablet out to work some on his graphic novel, another reason why he had wanted to come to New Orleans because the next issue was supposed to take place here. Percy rested his chin on Nico's thigh, watching curiously. "When I came back to New York, I thought... I'd never manage to piece my life back together", whispered Percy softly. "That I'd never have the perfect life like they did in the movies and shows. But... then I met you. And our life? It's even better, because it's real. Because we are real." "You're right", admitted Nico softly, caressing Percy's hair. "You gave my life a better twist than I could have ever written for my stories. You're better than anything I could ever write." ~*~ The End ~*~