out her pinky, and Nico wrapped his pinky around hers. "I pinky promise to tell you when you're old enough. Now it's time for bed." Rosabella yawned, her sandy hair falling down around her face. Just like her other father, she lost energy as the sun fell down, so she didn't argue about going to bed. If only her two younger siblings were like that. "Nico?" Heavy footsteps thudded on the stairs. "Paul and Winry are in bed already. Are you done getting Rosabella ready?" "Yup. I just finished her story." "Daddy!" Rosabella leapt off the top of the couch and tackled Will, who went down with a grunt. Nico laughed. "Whoa, Princess. Be careful about jumping off the couch onto other people," Will reprimanded. "But I can't shadow-travel yet. How else do I get to you?" Rosabella rolled off as he sat up. "We don't know if you can. You're still too young." "Why am I always too young? Papa says I'm too young to hear about the rest of the reception!" Will raised an eyebrow at Nico, who shrugged. "Go to bed, Rosa." "Tuck me in, Papa?" "Sure." Nico got up off the couch and took Rosabella's hand as she scampered up the stairs. She hummed sleepily as he tucked her into her bed. "Good night, mi gattina ." " Bacio , Papa? Please?" Nico kissed Rosabella on the cheek, and gave her a quick tickle. "Papa!" She squealed. "Sorry about that. Sleep tight." Nico opened the door. "You too, Papa." Nico smiled and shut the door behind him. He walked down the stairs to find Will looking through the photo album he had just shown to Rosabella. "So I take it she liked the story of our wedding?" "Yup. I didn't go into all the details, though. I don't want to explain why Cecil was singing 'Shots' just yet." "Dear gods, I thought I had that memory buried." Nico smirked as he flopped down on the couch. "She loved it. Best story she ever heard." "I hope so. I'd feel like a boring dad if I didn't have any interesting stories." Nico snuggled up close to his husband of ten years. "Funny thing to here out of the mouth of one of the most interesting men that I know." "Stop, you're embarrassing me, you sap." Will wrapped his arm around Nico, the orange jewel on his finger catching the light. Nico took the album from Will and placed it on his lap. "I can't believe it's been nearly ten years since one of the best decisions of my life." "What, marrying me wasn't the best moment?" "There's just so many others. Kissing you, making all of my friends, having Rosabella-" "That decision was very painful, mind you." "Let me finish. There was also adopting Winry and Paul, and agreeing to be Felix Jackson's godparents. And saying yes when you proposed to me." "Well, those are definitely my best decisions too. Except it would be me proposing to you." "Mmm." Nico hummed as he snuggled deeper into his heater of a husband. His sweater was soft and warm. It was probably a gift from Annabeth. Her crafting skills had improved over the years, and she often used them to make presents. Years. So much time had passed. Over two decades ago he was a scared teenager, running through the darkness of a horrible maze, guided by a man that had been even more horrible. Now here he was, a grown man, with a husband, a house, and three beautiful children. If he had told that to his past self, he would have scoffed and accused him of lying. But it was the truth. Nico's life had turned around for the better, and it wasn't going to turn back around, as long as he was in control. "You're just as tired as Rosabella." Will's breath was heavy across his ear, blowing around the hairs on Nico's face. "Want me to carry you to bed?" "I'd rather stay here for a bit," Nico mumbled. "With you." "As you wish." Outside, a light summer rain began to fall, pattering against the rooftop. The sound lulled Nico into a deep sleep, and Will followed him. His life was happy, and he wouldn't want it any other way. Hello! Thank you for reading my first ever wedding fanfiction! I'm TailsDoll13, but I go by Taylor. I'm nonbinary and don't care about whatever pronouns you use for me. I did name one of Will and Nico's children Winry, mostly as a joke since I recently finished Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood. When I do write a second gen her name will be different. And Rosabella is their biological daughter (I headcanon Will as a transboy). As mentioned in the author's note above, this was originally the last chapter of my fanfiction "How Not to Get Your OTP Tgether." But this came out so well that I decided to upload it here. I'm also putting it up on AO3, WattPad, and Tumblr. I have many other fics up. In addition to "How Not to Get Your OTP Together" I have mulitple Solangelo oneshots up. I also have a few oneshots from other fandoms up, such as Homestuck and Ninjago. My current project is a multichaptered Homestuck fanfiction called "The Princess and the Dragon," which is Terezi/Feferi. My AO3 is Gamzee_Makaraoni and my WattPad is TailsDoll13. Feel free to check them out! My Tumblr is spoopywillsolace, and after Halloween I'm changing to autisticedwardelric (yes, I am autistic). I'm multifandom with some aesthetic and social justice. I reblog a lot of Percy Jackson, Homestuck, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls, Ninjago, bands, and more recently Fullmetal Alchemist, along with some other side fandoms. Check it out! I don't have much else to add. Except that tomorrow (October 20th) is my birthday! I'm turning 16, so I can legally get a driver's license and run people over. I'm targeting Donald Trump first. I hope that you enjoyed this! See you later! -Taylor