nodded Leo, pointing past Hazel at the completely frozen and stunned Frank. "There's a merboy hanging off our ship", observed Frank, blinking a couple times. "Yes. That's—Oh. What's your name?", inquired Hazel as she turned from one to the other. "I'm Leo", introduced the merboy himself. "You're Hazel. And your mate's name is Frank." "We have a merman-stalker...", muttered Frank and sat down next to Hazel. "Two", chimed Leo amused, tilting his head. "I just wanted to tell your mate to stop crying. Her brother is alright. My best friend saved the captain of this ship." "Oh!", exclaimed Hazel, relief and happiness fluting her. Leo yelped a little as two arms went through the bars and hugged him tightly. Frank grunted as he observed the awkward hug, shaking his head. He had never seen something so special. A merboy. "You say you have a friend and he saved Nico?", asked Frank worried. "Yes", nodded Leo. "If your mate lets go of me, I can lead you to them." "Oh, thank you, pretty, little merboy!", said Hazel and kissed his cheek. Leo blushed furiously as he freed himself from her grasp and jumped back into the ocean. /break\ Nico and Percy were sitting in the captain's cabin as they listened to Frank, Hazel and Leo retelling how the crew had found them. Leo and Percy were sharing a large wooden bucket that normally served as the crew's bathtub. They squirmed, their tails flapping around awkwardly. "Thank you, Leo", said Nico honestly. "You saved me a lot of trouble." "No problem", replied Leo, half sitting on Percy's lap. "No, this really isn't working." "Yeah, not really", mumbled Percy as he had one of Leo's elbows in his face. "Out you go." With that, he pushed his friend out of the tub. Frank wanted to protest, because the cute red merboy needed saltwater too. But before he had a chance to, Leo just stood up. His tail parted into two legs, still with the red tint to it and some occasional scales. The fins remained too, but otherwise, he looked like a normal, naked human. Frank blushed darkly and held a hand under his bleeding nose. "Y—You...", stammered Hazel stunned as she untied the silken cloth wrapped around her waist. She then proceeded to lay it around him, hiding his body from the horny gaze of her boyfriend. Leo blinked confused before turning concerned eyes on Frank, tilting his head some. "Why is your mate bleeding?", asked Leo worried. "Is he hurt?" "He's aroused, Leo", chided Percy and rolled his eyes as he too climbed out of the tub. "Can't you see the bulge in his pants? You didn't pay enough attention when we studied humans." "Oh. Why are you aroused?", asked Leo curiously, looking intensely at Frank. Percy rolled his eyes again, holding onto Nico's arm for support. "Ah, not used to the legs." "You have legs", stated Nico, staring at the long, blue-tinted legs. "As slow and oblivious as Leo", muttered Percy amused. "Yes. We're not bound to the sea. We can walk the shore. Not, well, forever. We need to return to seawater at least once a day though." Nico shook himself out of his trance and shrugged out of his shirt before helping Percy into it. "You are not walking around naked on this ship. I don't need my crew to die of blood-loss." Percy smiled gratefully at the captain, sniffing the shirt that smelt like Nico. "Thank you. But Leo and I really should get going. We have to go a long way ahead of us due to this delay..." "W—What?", stammered Leo, giving him the same crestfallen look as Frank, Hazel and Nico. "We can't leave! I—I mean, you just saved your human after you watched him from afar for so long! C—Can't we stay a little longer so you can talk to your human some more?" "Your human?", inquired Nico, cocking one eyebrow. "Yes, you", nodded Percy with a bright smile. "You're my human." "Well, if I'm your human, then it's decided. You will stay", stated Nico calmly. "I told you I will not let you slip away again. I can't let you go back to a sea where you're in danger, after all." "I don't know", sighed Percy, looking playfully doubtful. "I mean, Leo has been protesting for years now about this, about approaching your ship. I wouldn't want to abandon him-" "He can stay!", chorused Frank and Hazel, before they turned to look at Nico with puppy-eyes. "Of course he can stay too", nodded Nico, mildly amused. "Well, then... I would like to get to know you better, my human", whispered Percy softly. With one absentminded motion, Nico managed to get Frank, Leo and Hazel out of his cabin. Percy, still wobbly on his legs, collapsed against Nico's chest. The captain smiled amused, his arms once again around the slim waist as he tried to steer the merman over to his bed where both rather gracelessly collapsed on top of. Percy huffed, hands on Nico's chest. "I'm not that kind of merman", protested Percy teasingly. "You don't get me into your bed after one date. And saving your life is actually not the kind of date I swing for." "Neither do I. I'd like to skip the nearly-dieing part", smiled Nico amused, caressing Percy's hair. "You're a cheeky one. You just manipulated your friend into staying here, didn't you?" "I think your cooks did most of the work there", whispered Percy with a smile. "Now kiss me." "Demanding", noted Nico, one hand resting in Percy's neck as he pulled him down. Their lips met in a soft kiss, the kind Percy had been fantasizing about for years now. His fingers curled into Nico's hair, tugging a little as they deepened their kiss. The merboy smiled softly. "I wanted to do this for a long time", admitted Percy breathlessly. "So did I", whispered Nico, smiling against Percy's lips. "My little merboy." ~*~ The End ~*~