mischievous features underlined that. He had been the big commotion for a few weeks, after all he had been the first demigod to be brought to camp by a giant metal-dragon. During Elementary School, Leo had been PJ's only friend. Nowadays there were others too. Like their beautiful, if not a little cold praetor Regina (who Annalene was totally semi-secretly dating – PJ had read her diary, he knew!), or their other praetor Duncan and their augur Frankie, who were a happy couple. And that was all PJ needed. Those were enough friends for him, he didn't need anything more. He had his friends and his family and he'd do anything to protect them. "Leo, Leo, Leo!", screamed PJ at the top of his lunges as he burst into Bunker 9.2. Leo may not have been a son of Vulcan, but he was an artist, very much like his namesake. He enjoyed designing fascinating – and mostly dangerous – constructions to help him and his half-siblings with pranks. The elvish boy crawled out from beneath one of his inventions. PJ smiled brightly when he saw Leo. Leo was the most adorable thing PJ had ever seen, with his large eyes and elvish features and wild, dark and messy curls. He often reminded PJ of a puppy, a cockerspaniel more precisely, just like now as he cocked his head curiously. "Si?", grunted Leo and blinked. "Quest. You, me, Annie", stated PJ excitedly. "Really?", asked Leo surprised. "What... quest? Where to?" PJ blinked in slow-motion. Annalene smirked amused as she saw the wheels turn behind those sea-green eyes. Patting him on the back, she gave him one of her patented looks. He grinned sheepishly. "I'll go and get the details from Regina and Chuck", offered Annalene amused. "Oh. Okay. Thanks, sis", grinned PJ delighted. "What do we do while she's gone?" "I have to get Festus ready then. We're so taking him. And you make lunch", offered Leo. "Why do I always end up taking care of food?", pouted PJ as he was being pushed out of the bunker. "I mean, okay, you always blow up the kitchen and Annie can give you food poisoning..." "And there you have your answer", laughed Leo amused. /break\ "What are you getting so excited about, Perseus?", asked Jamie concerned. He pushed his glasses up as he watched his son work in the kitchen. Jamie Raser still remembered rather vividly how his great-grandmother Percy had passed away and in the following weeks, when his wife Arwen had fallen pregnant, he remembered the look on his grandmother's face. Jamie didn't have the legacy of Hades like his grandma, but Donny's eyes had sparkled in that special way. When Donny had insisted that the sea-green eyed baby boy should bear the name Perseus Jackson, Jamie knew what was going on. It had worried Jamie a little, because he knew that often, rebirths tended to lead similar lives, show similar character trades. It worried him that his youngest may have to live through the hardships he had read about in the history books. "Quest", replied PJ slowly, finishing up some sandwiches with hard cheese and bacon. "More details?", requested Jamie, half-amused as he continued observing. "Me, my idiot brother and Leo of all people are supposed to track down a demigod." "Annalene, you know you're not supposed to call your brother an idiot", chided Jamie. Annalene entered the kitchen and offered her dad the large, innocent eyes that always worked because she was daddy's princess. PJ huffed as he wrapped the last sandwich. Annalene looked rather serious as she left to pack her and her brother's stuff. She knew he tended to forget things. "Oh. That's... good for you", nodded Jamie concerned, shifting some. "Will you be alright?" "Sure. It'll be fun", grinned PJ brightly, not minding that it was potentially dangerous. "I'm glad you're taking Annalene with you", said Jamie beneath his breath. "We all are, dad", chimed Annalene with a bright smile. Author's note: So, I'm writing a rebirth fic. Because this is my hundredth Nicercy fic (only counting those where Nicercy was the main pairing, not those where they were only a side-pairing). So it had to go into my headcanon timeline and it had to be something... else for a change. I know I previously already stated how I dislike when the names of characters are changed, but rebirth-fics don't leave much choice, so I tried to stick with close names! Here a short list with an explanation (even though I'm not gonna introduce them all at once to make it easier on you guys anyway); Percy Jackson = Perseus Jackson Raser, named after himself since Donny knew he was the rebirth Nico di Angelo = Nicolay Iliov, so his name is still Nico (and he still gets an European accent). Iliov means "of the sea" Annabeth Chase = Annalene Raser, I hope Annalene is close enough to Annabeth for you guys. Also, she now fits into the Raser-name-scheme of girls' names ending with -lene Leo Valdez = Leonardo Alduino, still goes by Leo. But being a son of Mercury fits to him, in my eyes. Alduino means "strong friend" Hazel Levesque = Duncan Bishop, Hazel and Duncan both mean brown and Levesque means "bishop". She's praetor now and a son of Mars, because at one point, things had to differ from their last lives Frank Zhang = Frankie Yumi, still Frank, but as a girl. Zhang and Yumi both mean "bow", but instead of Chinese, Frank's now Japanese. And a daughter of Apollo, because his archery fits that Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano = Regina Gatti, Reyna and Regina both mean "queen" (the last name is rather random, but I always picture Reyna with the grace of a cat, so yeah). I made her a daughter of Trivia to get some difference in this life again To help against confusion, their family tree can be found on my DeviantArt account (link to that in my profile)!