Paul returned outside. "Stop lingering around. Get inside", ordered the teacher, his face stern, but his voice fond as he clasped one large hand down onto Nico's shoulder. "You brought him back to us, just like you promised months ago. The least we can get you is a piece of blue birthday cake." "And at least one round of Monopoly!", called Percy from inside. "Right, mom?" Nico smiled wryly. It reminded him of the first time he had met the Blofisses. It felt like aeons ago that he had told Percy about the Curse of Achilles, like a whole lifetime laid between then and now. "I thought you'd rather spend the day talking to your mother", countered Nico. "We have months to talk about and I really hope we will have months time to talk about it. Not... not today. I don't want to think about the war today, I just... want to be happy", whispered Percy. Sally sobbed a little as she clung to her son, pulling him into another tight hug. "I'm just so glad you're here and safe and not hurt... I'm so glad to have you back, my little boy... I missed you..." "I missed you too, mom. So much", whispered Percy, face buried in her hair. Paul and Nico left to get the cake and plates, giving mother and son at least a moment to exchange the very most important things, to hold each other and cry just a moment longer, because they deserved it. They deserved this and the world. Nico's heart ached a bit as he watched that scene and fleeting memories of Maria di Angelo passed through his inner eye, late evenings in Venice when Maria would sing soft, Italian lullabies to him and Bianca. "Tell me the truth", prompted Paul as he got the plates out of the cabinet. "How is he? I know he will say 'fine', because he doesn't want to worry his mother and me. But..." "Physically speaking, he is fine", answered Nico reluctantly, cutting the cake. "A few scars, but everything is healed just fine. It's more... the emotional part that troubles me..." "Mh?", grunted Paul inquisitively. "Why?" "He's literally been through hell. Tartarus, the Greek equivalent of it", answered Nico, keeping his voice low and soft so only Paul in the kitchen with him could hear it. "He's been through a lot and I suspect that he's suffering from PTSD. The other day, when something in the Hecate Cabin exploded and the camp reeked of sulfur, he had a panic-attack. I remember the stench of Tartarus too, I was down there before Percy, and... I think it send him into a flashback. He's suffering from nightmares. The really, really bad kind. I don't think he'll get over all of this on his own." "He won't have to", stated Paul firmly. "Sally and I will make sure of that. He's not alone." Nico knew. He knew Percy had the love and support he needed. That was all he needed to know. ~*~ The Beginning ~*~ Author's note: Things I just can not accept and thus will not be taken into account from canon: - Percabeth, Jasper, Caleo. See the above mentioned headcanon-pieces as explanations how things worked out of Pipabeth and Jayna to have happened - Leo just leaving without another word. Yeah, no. Just no - Octavian didn't die in my headcanon, because I love Octavian and I do understand why he acted the way he did - if you can't follow my reasoning (as done by Reyna in this story), feel free to argue with me. He did receive proper punishment though by being stripped of his augur-ship. Enter: Danny - Blackjack ships it. It's something Goddess of the Multiverses and I concluded, seeing as it had been stated in previous books that horses don't like Nico, but Blackjack was MORE than just friendly with Nico in BoO - Nico just getting over his feelings of four years within two weeks. Yeah, no. It wasn't just a crush. Just a crush wouldn't have been a worthy challenge for a vicious god like Cupid - and Cupid's goal had been Nico's feelings for Percy, not the fact that Nico is gay. After all, he made sure Nico said he had feelings for Percy, not label his sexuality, so it was specifically about Percy. And freaking Hades caught up with Nico's feelings for Percy. That's not an easily-getting-over-it crush, sorry, but Rick was just trying to force a debatable happy ending onto everyone by making Nico move on and I'm not accepting that ridiculous move after the ground HE laid in the previous books - Not changing my headcanon on the crew of the Argo II, because even after finishing the series, I still do NOT see a valid reason why they would send four teens and an elderly goat into the biggest fucking war in the history of their world. So Hedge stayed with his pregnant wife and Juniper took over as nursemaid (because what the fuck had Rick been smoking when he made the daughter of Ares nursemaid...? Seriously?) - As of the end of "Blood of Olympus", we're on the first August 2010. "A Very Half-Blood Christmas", my headcanon-story of how Nico and Percy got together, takes place in December 2012, giving Percy another two years to 'get better', because seriously, Rick had been downplaying the trauma Percy had been through during the books a bit too much - If you have no idea what the buck I'm talking about, my headcanon-timeline can fully be found on my profile, with dates on when which story happens and links to the individual story. They can also be found in a series on my AO3 account, the series is named "Phoe's Headcanon-Timeline" If any of this still left open questions concerning my headcanon fitting with canon, feel free to ask. I'm only human, perhaps I missed something important. I'd be glad to supply an explanation! ;)