all that—" "—no, Annabeth. I love you." "Percy," she begins, with the same tone she used when she was little and telling him he had a sticker in his hair. She can't help but notice how sweaty his palms have become in between hers. Or maybe hers are the sweaty ones. He's so cute; it aches in the way she's been missing for the past year. Her voice is carefully neutral, because that's the only way she knows how to say this. "I love you too. I think we've known this for a while now, haven't we?" V. "EVERYONE MOVE. MY WIFE IS HAVING A BABY. SHE'S HAVING A BABY." If Annabeth wasn't in too much pain to throw a punch, then surely a couple would have been aimed Percy's way by now. The throbbing in her stomach is relentless, and every few minutes the contractions return. On one hand, she's thankful that Percy is supporting nearly her entire weight as he half carries, half drags her into the hospital. On the other hand, he's screaming in her ear and he's a shaking mess. His face is flushed and hot and his fingers are gripping her arm so tightly that the blood is no longer making it to her hand. She's supposed to be the one freaking out. She needs someone calm, someone supportive. If it weren't for her enormous belly and the pain that racks her body every few minutes, she'd think Percy was the one in labor. "SOMEONE BRING A WHEELCHAIR ALREADY. THIS IS RIDICULOUS." All heads in the room turn their way, and Annabeth is about to stifle an embarrassed groan into Percy's shoulder before the contractions start again, causing her to bow over and clutch her stomach in agony. "Percy," she mumbles through gritted teeth, "calm down. Take deep breaths. And get me a goddam wheelchair before I murder you." He takes a deep breath. "Good." Annabeth feigns her most soothing voice. "Just like that." If only he knew how close she is to ripping his hair out… "Okay. I'm okay," Percy asserts, visibly calming a little. Annabeth lets a muted cry of pain out of the back of her throat. " Wheelchair, Percy. Focus." "Right. Wheelchair. Right." And suddenly the nurse is behind Annabeth, lowering her gently into the chair. Annabeth pushes her sticky hair up into ponytail and reaches weakly for Percy's hand. All she's aware of is the pain searing from her stomach, down her back, to the tips of her toes. Every ounce of pre-baby nerves is gone, replaced by a much more present set of worries. By the time she's brought to a hospital bed, the nurses are talking rapidly to Percy. She can see him nodding in response, but his eyes are on her and she's pretty sure all the information is going in one ear and out the other. "Oh my god. Oh my god ," Annabeth groans, throwing her head back into the pillows and covering her eyes with her forearm. "OH MY GOD. OH MY GOD," Percy rushes to her side, nearly knocking over the nurses with his wild, flailing limbs. He slides to his knees on the side of her bed, grabbing her hands and pressing them in between his. He's swaying gently on his knees, and Annabeth is suddenly worried that he's going to pass out. Part of her can't wait to tease him about this later, but a larger part of her is so frustrated that he just can't, for once, actually just not freak out and be normal and— "AHHHH," she screams, gripping his hands tightly. "AHHHHHHHH," he screams back. Annabeth manages to glance over at their hands, which are a white bundle hanging over the bed. She's not sure who's squeezing tighter, her or Percy, but she's thankful for the distraction for a moment. And the suddenly she's being told to push, and all she can focus on is Percy's face, drenched with sweat. His pupils are tiny, his face pale and bright red at the same time, his lips purple from either stress or lack of oxygen. If that's how he looks, she can't imagine how horrible she must be right now. "Breathe, breathe," a nurse chants, a hand placed on Percy's shoulder. Annabeth questions exactly whom she's talking to. The room is filled with a harmony of screams. Each time she shouts, Percy's voice parrots hers. It's frustratingly charming, she supposes, through the haze of childbirth. She's not sure how much later—it could be hours or seconds—before she gives one final scream, her voice scratchy and broken. Percy's yell follows, and then the air shatters with the screeching of a newborn baby. "Ohmygod." "Ohmygod." She feels Percy shift next to her, and suddenly his lips are lingering next to her ear. He presses a sloppy kiss to the corner of her jaw. "I love you," he mumbles against her neck. "Mmph, yeah. 'S nice." He chuckles low and breathy. The baby is placed in her arms, and Annabeth falls against the pillows. Their daughter's eyes are bright green, just like Percy's. She's the most beautiful thing Annabeth has ever seen. "She's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen," Percy whispers, and all Annabeth can do is laugh. Percy reaches a hand out and tentatively strokes her head. The baby reaches for his hands, and wraps an entire tiny fist around one of his fingers. Her laughter echoes through the room, big, wonderful peals of laughter that rise and fall like waves. Percy leans forward, his huge head blocking Annabeth's view of the baby. She shifts to the side, lifting their daughter so that the baby is in between the two of them. He glances up, and his eyes are on her. " We did this Annabeth. We did this." She smiles at him. There will be plenty of time to tease him about exactly how she feels about that statement later. "Nothing is more important than family," she says instead.