up and down Percy's thighs, every time pushing the dress further up until the black panties were revealed to Nico. Growling darkly, Nico hooked his fingers into the panties and pulled them down. If possible, his eyes darkened even more. As did Percy's face. "Again, please say you like it before I feel like a fool", muttered Percy embarrassed. "I love it, Perce", whispered Nico, kissing Percy passionately, panting afterward. "Lube?" "Upper drawer on the left", panted Percy, licking his lips. "Well then, let's get you well-prepared", murmured Nico, sitting up slowly. Percy watched with dark eyes of his own how Nico shed layer of layer of clothes. "I think that won't be necessary. I'm... ready for the fun when you are." Nico raised one curious eyebrow at that and discarded the last piece of his clothing. While applying a good amount of lube to his already hard cock, he watched how Percy hitched his legs up. Nico's second eyebrow joined the first as he saw the piece of plastic sticking out of the boy's hole. Now that it was so silent and they were so close, Nico could hear the buzzing coming from the toy. Nico's lubed-up hands found their way to Percy's cock, adored by a silver cock-ring. "Would you like me to take that off?", offered Nico with a sly smirk. "No", declined Percy, tilting his head with a smirk of his own. "Mh?", grunted Nico curiously, slipping his hands down from Percy' cock. He started fondling Percy's balls with one hand, playing with the vibrating plug with his other. Percy beneath him moaned as the plug was pushed more against his prostate. "I enjoy not coming every once in a while", gasped Percy, arching his back. "Makes the next orgasm all the more intense. Besides, tonight is about you, Nico." "About me?", asked Nico surprised. "Yes. Tonight is a thank you for everything you have done for me", smiled Percy, spreading his legs. "It's all about pleasuring you and giving you what you want." Nico hummed in appreciation and pulled the plug out of his lover in a swift move, one that made Percy gasp for breath. Nico put it aside and grasped Percy by the underside of his knees, lifting him up some. Stiffening in anticipation, Percy waited for Nico to enter him. Though the Italian took his time to appreciate the moment. He finally got what he had wanted for weeks now. It felt even more incredible than he would have dreamed, Percy's tightness around him while the beautiful boy was sprawled out beneath him, helplessly tied to the bed, wearing a pretty dress and a cock-ring. All for him. Nico completely had the little baker at his beck and call. "This truly is what I want", groaned Nico as he pushed more and more into the other. It was tight and warm and somehow, in a strange way, it felt like coming home. As though it made Nico complete to be inside of Percy. When he was balls-deep in Percy, he paused and looked down at the enchanting picture that Percy painted with his luscious body. "You are the most gorgeous creature on this planet", mused Nico in awe. "That is all sorts of nice, but move ", huffed Percy, rolling his hips. Nico groaned at the feeling and truly, it seemed impossible to stay still for yet another second. He wished to feel it all, the whole intensity of being one with Percy. His thrusts were well-aimed and sharp, not wasting a second of their love-making away. The tight heat coupled with the sounds spilling from Percy's pink and swollen lips drove Nico nearly mad with lust and he couldn't help but try to swallow them all in heated kisses, every moan and groan and whimper and whine. There was nothing elegant about their shared kisses, unlike the way they fucked with such certain precision, their kisses were sloppy and messy, wet and with teeth. More about possession than tenderness, as though they were trying to swallow one another whole in the process. Hunger evident in every single time their lips met. The pend up tension of weeks of dancing around each other were resolved in their kisses, satisfying a greed neither had noticed before. At least not quite to that extend. "I want you to come inside of me", panted Percy out, voice barely a whisper. Fueled by the offer of his lover, Nico thrust more vigorously into the boy beneath him, aiming deeper. And every time he hit Percy's prostate, he was rewarded with yet another gluttonous sound from the green-eyed beauty. Not long after and Nico couldn't hold back any longer. The feeling of Percy's body, the scent of sweat and sex and something that was uniquely Percy, the taste of Percy on his lips, the sound of Percy's moans and the sight of how utterly debauched Percy was by now, all of those coupled together were what drove Nico over the edge. Just everything purely Percy. And as requested, Nico came deep inside of his lover. Panting hard, Nico collapsed beside Percy, pulling the still hard boy against his side. The shackles rattled a bit, reminding Nico to free him. "This was... intense", gasped Percy, shaking his wrists. "I never... gave myself to someone like that. Not in... this way. Makes things... really more... mind-blowing? Yeah. Good word." "And you still don't want to come?", inquired Nico interested, hugging Percy close. "Oh yes", grunted Percy, large grin on his lips. "Next time we do this, you'll fuck my brains out and make me come twice. That 's gonna be intense. Though you ruined my dress." "I'll buy you a dozen new ones", promise Nico, brushing his lips against Percy's temples. Percy smiled and snuggled up to his very own Prince Charming. He would have never thought he'd end up as the crossdressing most precious treasure of a mafia boss. Life was weird like that. ~*~ The End ~*~