to spend the summer at Camp Half-Blood as moral support, though Percy knew that Reyna was mainly there for Nico. Percy knew Reyna was the one showing Nico the ropes of how to be a proper alpha and how to court an omega. After all, she had successfully courted two omegas. And Jason and Annabeth all the while supported Percy. Jason was very strongly pro-Nico, while Annabeth was very strongly anti-Nico. The two blonde omegas were very nearly literally Percy's angel and devil on his shoulders. But it was also what he needed. Percy didn't want to be blinded by his love for Nico, he didn't want to instantly forgive Nico just because the son of Hades begged for forgiveness. It was the reason Percy had walked away from Nico before he could fall into the alpha's arms and forgive him. Annabeth helped Percy stay strong. It had been Jason's suggestion to make Nico work for it by courting – and Nico had been more than eager and grateful to accept that second chance. Every single day, Percy would find a small gift in front of his cabin's door. A single, blue-dyed rose, a blue cupcake, blue chocolate, a piece of jewelry, a cute stuffed toy, something self-made, even a poem once or twice. It was endearing and sweet. Percy loved it. Nico also did sweet things for Percy, like pull his chair back for him or polish Percy's armor for him or taking Mrs. O'Leary on a walk for Percy when Percy was too exhausted after a long day of camp. Nico had helped Percy pick out an apartment in New Rome, together with the rest of the pack. Only, what Nico didn't know was that his opinion weighed heavier than that of the rest of the pack because Percy planned on living here with his alpha. After all, Nico was being so damn cute while courting Percy and while doing everything in his powers to prove to Percy that he valued the son of Poseidon and that he was sorry – he still regularly apologized, which was actually getting kind of exhausting if Percy was being honest. No, it was really clear that Nico had made an honest mistake, that Nico hadn't destroyed the nest because he was disgusted by the idea of being Percy's mate. Yet still, Percy let Nico continue working for it. Percy wanted to do this right, he also wanted to do this once they'd move to New Rome, which was right now. It was only when Nico obediently shadow-traveled the last of Percy's things into the new apartment that Percy grabbed the alpha and pulled him into a brief kiss, startling him so Nico dropped the box. "You know you're moving in with me, right?", whispered Percy softly against Nico's lips. "I—I... what?", stuttered Nico, face flushed a bright pink. "B—But..." "You've... been nothing but a considerate gentleman the past four weeks. You courted me by all the rules of the book. You did take those classes from Will and left every single one with ruby-red ears. You've been apologizing to me every single day", whispered Percy, gently caressing Nico's cheek. "I didn't believe you at first, but... you proved it to me. That you didn't mean it. That you love me. And I believe you. I love you, Nico. I... still want you too, Nico." "Really?", asked Nico hopefully, giving Percy a very convincing puppy-pout. "Yes, really", laughed Percy softly, wrapping both his arms around Nico's neck to pull the alpha down. "You... You were so convincing, even Annabeth stopped snarling at you all the time. I love you, I really do. I want this to be the start of a new chapter, for the both of us. I want to... to leave that misunderstanding behind, I want a new start here. If you want to." "Yes", blurted Nico out, hastily laying his arms around Percy's waist to hold him close. "I... You were the only reason I was still at Camp Half-Blood. My two best friends and my sister are all living in New Rome, but... I didn't want to leave you alone, not while you were still stuck in high school in New York. I would... I would love to live with you, Perce." "To prove yourself further", interrupted Percy firmly. "We're going to do that... boyfriend-thing. Living together. Being together. And then, let's see how it goes, we'll bond. That... okay?" "That's... That's... yes", nodded Nico hastily, smiling in a dopey way as he was kissed deeply. "But we have to go back and get my stuff now, right?" "There... is something I wanted to do for a month now...", drawled Percy with a flush. "Can we... do that first, before we get your stuff? Because after bringing all my things here and after building our furniture all morning... I'm really exhausted. So... can I have... alpha-cuddles?" The dopey grin on Nico's lips grew even more as he shifted. Percy cooed just a little when that endearingly faithful looking hellhound stared up at him with a wagging tail. Then, Percy also shifted. It was kind of ridiculous, because Percy was about the size of Nico's head. But the hellhound was very gentle as he curled together around Percy. He was also very warm and comfortable, mused Percy as he curled together against Nico's soft underbelly. It felt far safer and warmer than pack-cuddles, just knowing that this was going to be his alpha. He meowed happily as he licked Nico's cheek, making the hellhound whine contently. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: With my Alphas of Percy Jackson series, I've been writing so many alphas with Percy by now that I was craving some Nicercy again. So I handed kitten!Percy over to hellhound!Nico. I'm also a huge fan of the alpha accidentally messing with the omega's nest and having to make up for it, including all the feels in entails. Hope you guys had fun with it too ;)