way down Will's belly. Nico refused to be completely outdone: he stopped teasing at Will's erection and pulled at his waistband, just enough to get him out of Jason's embrace and to let his hand down the front of Will's pants. Will gave a small whimper of surprise when Nico wrapped his fingers around his shaft and moved his hand, running it up Will's length just once, tentatively. Will's knees bucked and he rested his head against Nico's shoulder, like this was too much for him to take, and Nico reveled for a moment at the power rush of being the one who did this to him. Distracted by Will's reaction, he barely registered Jason's hand leaving—or how the man had let go of Will completely, and was now pressed to Nico's other side. He only noticed when Jason's hand came back, pressing against Nico's erection through the fabric. He gasped, and turned to face Jason, to see that he'd removed his pants and shoes while Nico and Will were busy, and stood in his underwear, tenting with his own arousal. Nico nodded at Jason to get behind him, and he did, unbuckling Nico's belt while Nico pulled Will's pants and underwear down in a single, awkward motion, stroking Will's dick all the while. Will fumbled to get his shoes out of the way, then kicked his clothes away, and crashed against Nico again just as Jason freed him from his own pants and wrapped a hand around Nico's dick. Suddenly dizzy at the overload, Nico let Will's momentum carry him backwards, and they all fell, right down on the mattress. They froze, Nico on Jason's lap, Will sprawled naked on top of them, and burst out laughing. "We really need to get more methodic," Nico said. "I don't know, I like the impromptu so far," Will retorted, closing one hand around Nico's around his cock, and the other around Jason's, stroking Nico together. Nico let out a moan and lay back against Jason, feeling his erection digging into his back, and snapped out of it. "We can't ignore you," he said, gently pushing Will off of him and rolling to lie on top of Jason. Slowly, he pulled Jason's underwear down, taking in the sight of his cock as it came free. He reached out, but before he could wrap his hand around it, Jason pulled him down, pressing them together as he kissed him, sweet and soft and—and Jason bucked his hips, rubbing their dicks together, and Nico moaned into his mouth. Nico felt like he lost his balance, trying to hold himself up, but his hand landed on Will's body instead of the mattress. Blindly, Nico caressed down his torso, finding his hip to pull him closer, then wrapping his head around Will's dick again and giving a stroke. Will rested his head on Jason's shoulder, and Nico broke away from Jason to kiss at the corner of Will's mouth, reaching through Will's daze just enough to get him to turn his head and kiss him back. Jason didn't stop moving under him, rubbing their erections together, and his hands had settled on Nico's ass, squeezing his cheeks in a way that felt strangely enjoyable. Then, Jason shifted his hips slightly, and his cock was pressing against Nico's crack, still moving up and down with the movements of Jason's hips. Nico had expected this—dreamed about it more than a few times, too—and he couldn't help but feel anxious, too. But before he could do or say anything, Will pulled his head back, with a cry, and he came in hot spurts between Nico's fingers. Nico didn't let go of his cock, pumping him through his climax, until finally, Will rolled on his back, out of reach. "Um—sorry." Jason chuckled. "Don't be. That's the goal, isn't—" His sentence ended in a strangled moan as Nico gently bit at the base of his neck, in the spot where Jason loved to tease him all the time. It was just a guess, but it paid off—the moment his lips closed on the soft flesh, Jason's voice climbed up in pitch and volume, and his movements became more frantic and desperate. One of his hands moved from Nico's ass to his dick, and his strokes were irregulars just as the thrusts of his dick between Nico's ass cheeks became stronger and stronger, his muscles tensing further with each movement. Finally, his entire body tensed and he came wordlessly under Nico. Satisfied, Nico finally let go of the base of Jason's neck, who pulled him up for a brief kiss. Then, he pushed Nico, rolling him on his back and making him land right between Jason and Will. Immediately, both of them were above him, each pinning one of his arms and legs to the mattress as their hands joined around Nico's dick. Only a few strokes were enough to send him over the edge, in his state, and he came louder than he was willing to admit, closing his eyes and letting his orgasm crash over him. "Um—Nico?" Jason's voice was slightly tinged with worry, and Nico opened his eyes—except he couldn't see. "I think you killed all the lights." Nico chuckled. All the candles in the room were extinguished, blown out by Nico's magic in the wake of his orgasm. "Sorry." "It's fine," Jason said, kissing him on the cheek as he pressed himself against Nico on the mattress. "I just hope it was only in this room," Will teased as he let himself fall down, draping himself over both Nico and Jason's bodies and settling his head over Jason's chest. "It would be awkward if the entire court could tell when exactly the King is coming." Nico was suddenly glad for the darkness, because he knew he was blushing furiously. "Hopefully, yeah." "You'll get it under control," Jason said, amused. "You just need practice." Nico chuckled. "Are you offering? Because I just might take you up on that offer."