I found mommy first! Mommy's all mine!" "What?", grunted Octavian with a frown, arms crossed over his chest. "No, Sedanur. That's mine." "Nu—uh", disagreed Danny with a matching frown, hands on her hips. "Mommy is mine." "Not quite. I saw him first, he's mine", argued Octavian, shaking his head. Percy was snorting beneath his breath as he sat down beside Luke, with Bianca Maria eagerly crawling into his lap to be more comfortable. He exchanged a look with the other submissive, the corners of his mouth drawn up. Luke was grinning from ear to ear as he rolled his eyes, nodding in agreement. Those two had been playing this game ever since Sedanur moved to their little village. She had been merely an infant, helpless and all alone after her herd has presumably been killed by hunters. The whole village had taken turns taking care of her ever since, but she took the most to Luke and Luke instantly adored her. Octavian acted annoyed and like it was a great sacrifice on his part, as the first time Danny had been in danger, he had gone all over-protective dad and not let her out of his sight for the entire following week, keeping her curled up against him and growling at anyone who wasn't Luke when they tried to approach them. To make it short, finding Danny was the best thing that had happened to Octavian ever since he mated with Luke. And after Danny started walking and talking, she and Octavian had entered a kind of competition. Both loved Luke, so they always fought for Luke's attention. Whoever got to Luke first, got to keep Luke. "You're both so wrong, you know", stated Luke playfully, interrupting them. " You are both mine ." Danny and Octavian exchanged a look before stepping aside a little and whispering with each other in low voices and with serious faces. When they turned back to Luke as a united front, both of them looked very sober, both having their arms crossed over their chests. "Sedanur and I came to the agreement that we accept your claim", stated Octavian. "Uhu", agreed Danny, nodding wildly. "We approve of that! Is best solution!" With that, the little girl threw herself at Luke, being caught by her mom's arms. Octavian knelt down between them and wrapped his arms around both of them, kissing Luke's temple in a sweet way, making Percy smile as he watched the little family. Luke was the best thing that had ever happened to Octavian and Danny was the best that ever happened to the couple. "You had plans today, didn't you?", chimed Percy in, looking at Octavian. "What plans?" "We're gonna go to the city!", declared Danny, eyes wide and sparkling. "Auntie Rachel promised she'd order me all the Harry Potter books! All of them!" Rachel was a mortal living in a city on the other side of the forest's borders. Octavian and Annabeth both often went to her bookstore to buy and order books. Danny too had taken a liking to it. The little girl looked so happy and content as she had her cheek plastered against Luke's chest, with Octavian caressing her hair proudly. He was very proud that his little girl was rather chasing adventures in books than real life adventures with the rascals. "Mommy", hummed Bianca Maria, nudging Percy. "Can we go home? I want family cuddles too. And I want you to read a story to me too. But not witches, please. Dragons." "But your brother is over playing with Sander and your dad has meetings", argued Percy. "Is okay. Then you just have to cuddle me until they come", declared Bianca Maria. "As you wish, my princess", laughed Percy amused, gathering her up in his arms. He waved Luke off, watching how Luke was pulled away by Danny and Octavian. /break\ By the time Nico returned from a very exhausting meeting with a herd that was passing through his territory and did the regular 'So pleased to meet you, my king. Thank you for your generosity' routine. Having to spend that afternoon with Annabeth on top of that made it all the more draining. It didn't particularly help that he had Donny on his shoulders right now, babbling on and on about how awesome Sander was and how much he was looking forward to tomorrow's game. He adored Donny and loved to hear about how happy his son was, but he was already exhausted as it was and all he truly wanted was some calm and peace and maybe to lay down with his legs up. "...You alright up there? You've gotten awfully quiet?", asked Nico suspiciously. The weight seemed to lay on his head now and there was soft snoring. Snorting amused, Nico adjusted the little fawn to hold him in his arms instead. Donny instantly snuggled up to Nico's chest. The king headed over to Donny's bedroom to tug him in, just to be stopped on his way. "Nico! You're home", called Percy out from their bedroom. When Nico turned toward said room, he found Percy and Bianca Maria curled together under the fluffy blanket, watching television together. Bambi, by the looks of it. Seeing that made Nico smile wryly. Changing course, Nico carried Donny over to place him next to Bianca Maria on the bed just before crawling in himself. The little ones were left stuck between their parents, Bianca Maria grinning as she kissed her little brother's forehead sloppily. "He has no energy", complained Bianca Maria and wiggled her nose displeased. Percy laughed as he leaned over their kids to steal a kiss from his mate. "How was your day, love?" "Exhausting", replied Nico with a heavy sigh before snuggling in more comfortably and pulling all three closer to himself. "But it just got decidedly much better, my queen. Rather perfect, actually." Percy hummed pleased at that answer, resting his head on Nico's chest. A perfect day indeed. ~*~ The End ~*~