emerged again. Nico blinked in slow-motion as he watched how Percy put on Nico's leather-coat. "W—Where did you get my coat?", asked the Italian stunned. "I made sure to lock all my clothes up in my room before Hazel's little party started to take place!" "That's not yours", huffed Percy and rolled his eyes. "I told you about how I met someone. I met him at Luke's Halloween-party and when he brought me home, he gave me his coat." "Yeah, no. That's my coat. My father had it tailored specifically for me", grunted Nico and shook his head. "I gave it to Perseus on the... Perseus. Per cy . Don't tell me your name is actually Perseus?" "It's embarrassing, but yeah my mom has this thing for the Greek myths", muttered Percy, before his eyes widened and his breath hitched. "Wait. That means you're my Death Angel." " Your Death Angel?", asked Nico with amusement dancing in his eyes. "Uh... eh... well...", mumbled Percy awkwardly, blushing brightly. "Though... I thought your name was Perseus Blofis...", mused Nico curiously. "Well, it is Perseus. But Blofis is my stepfather's last name. I kept my mom's maiden name when they got married. No need to change my name because of that", shrugged Percy awkwardly. "Oh for Christ's sake, stop talking and kiss me already, will you?!" The blushing jock glared and grabbed Nico by the neck, pulling him into the kiss that he had longed for for three weeks. His eyes fluttered shut as he leaned into the tender touch and he melted into the embrace as Nico finally reacted and laid his arms around Percy's waist. "Your Death Angel", whispered Nico, sounding very much like he was agreeing with the notion. "Yup. Mine", nodded Percy with a bright grin. "Well, Perseus, it seems you truly do have more layers than a cake", huffed Nico. "You're nothing like how I thought a jock like you was supposed to be. I suppose I should apologize for that." "If by 'apologize', you mean 'kiss', then yes please, apologize as much as you want", grinned Percy broadly. "And I'm guessing you're going to keep calling me that from now on, huh?" "Perseus?", asked Nico, the name more like a purr, causing Percy to shudder. "Yes. Definitely." "It's way too cliche to be making out in the closet. I mean, I get that you're not ready to get out of the metaphorical closet just yet, Perce, but don't take it so literal." "Leo! Get out of here! I'm having a private moment!", exclaimed Percy embarrassed. There, in the doorway, stood a broadly grinning Latino, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. "I'm sure Paul will pay me good money if I return you home with your virginity still intact." Percy's face was beet-red and Nico cocked one intrigued eyebrow, caressing Percy's flushed cheeks. "Mh, now that's something to be looking forward to then, mio bello." "Urgh, I hate you. Both of you", groaned Percy and threw his head back. "Yeah, well, you're welcome . I obviously helped you getting over your crush", huffed Leo. "You didn't. Nico is my crush!", exclaimed Percy, his blush darkening. "I mean-" "I think we all know what you mean", chuckled Nico, amused by Percy's embarrassment before turning toward Leo. "He means that I'm the guy from the party. You must be the best friend." "Oh. My. Gosh. Do you know what that means, Perce?!", yelped Leo high-pitched. "That... I may have a boyfriend now...?", offered Percy, throwing an uncertain look at Nico. While Nico nodded firmly like he wanted to say 'What kind of question is that? Of course you're mine now!', Leo just shook his head widely. "No, dumbass! That means we're so going to be brothers-in-law! Since your boyfriend is my girlfriend's brother! I gotta tell Hazel!" The Latino turned on his heels and dashed off, rambling to himself. Nico and Percy exchanged an amused look before Nico took Percy by the hand and led him out of the closet. "Let me bring you home safely, Perseus", insisted the Italian, one arm around Percy's waist. Percy just smiled happily and leaned against his boyfriend's side. "Totally fine by me." /Omake – One Week Later\ Sally was frowning a little confused. Was Percy going through some kind of phase? She had heard that some rebelling teenagers turned goth or emo or whatever the dressed-in-black-kids were called these days when they wanted to 'make a statement'. But Percy wasn't exactly rebelling. He used to be in middle school, but ever since Gabe had left their family, Percy was rather well-behaved. Still, it was strange. Last month, Percy had suddenly showed up with that black leather coat and now Sally was holding a black hoodie in her hands as she was in the middle of doing the weekly laundry. She knew that every piece of clothes that Percy owned was blue. Holding the hoodie close to her chest, she decided to confront Percy about this new phase. When she entered Percy's room, her son was still deep asleep. Wearing a slightly too large, black Nightmare Before Christmas shirt that she hadn't known he owned either. Where were those clothes coming from? "Mh... Nico...", mumbled Percy in his sleep, a dopey grin on his face as he rolled over. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Also, let there be a message hidden in plain sight. Because since BoO came out, I got about half a dozen Solangelo requests. That. Will. Never. Happen. Not. Done. By. Me. The only thing Solangelo is good for is to make Percy jealous, as can be seen here. There'll never be more to that in my stories, at least not as long as it doesn't involve a threesome including Percy. Sorry, I just didn't know how else to reach out to all those requesters who don't bother to look at my profile before requesting (where it quite clearly states that I don't accept requests for Solangelo)~ Now happy Halloween tomorrow! ^^