did or just continuing on as Percy would, Perseus just cooed at him. "Cute, little grumpy version of my boyfriend is cute!" "...Don't ever call me cute again", warned the son of Hades viciously. Perseus giggled and poked Nico's cheek. "But you are cute when you glare like that. My Nico doesn't do a lot of glaring and glowering and all. It's adorable though." "Will you stop it now?", spat Nico and smacked Perseus' hand away. But Perseus just smiled kindly at him before pulling him into a tight, warm hug, startling Nico. The son of Hades froze up in the embrace, while Perseus caressed his back and hugged him tighter. "You're so filled with anger and pain", whispered Perseus into his ear. "And I am so, so sorry. I just... I just want to keep hugging you and tug you away into a safe, happy place where you can smile and laugh and enjoy company and touch from others. I noticed that you even avoided being touched by your sister Hazel. You don't like it, because you're not used to it. And I wish you would. I wish you'd find the person that makes you feel safe and complete and happy." "...He doesn't want me", whispered Nico hoarsely against Perseus' neck. "He never will." "Give him a chance", pleaded Perseus softly, holding on even tighter. "Please. Give him time. But don't give up on him. I know you can find happiness. You just have to fight for it." "I'm tired", admitted Nico, resting his forehead against Perseus' shoulder. "I'm tired of fighting and of being alone. I'm just... tired. Why does it have to be so hard?" "I know you are", murmured Perseus. "I know it is. But it'll be all worth it in the end. I promise." They remained like that for another long beat, Nico slowly relaxing in the embrace and if the son of Hades shed a few tears that had been held back for years, then Perseus wasn't going to mention it. /break\ "Bye! Be safe! And save the world, alright?", called Leo out loudly, waving wildly. "You too!", exclaimed Leo from the other ship. "Save your rainbow bridge and our universes!" Nico and Perseus smiled and waved as the Greeks slowly grew smaller. Hazel was hanging over Perseus' shoulder a bit, braiding another little braid into her brother's hair. She complained every now and again whenever Perseus leaned more against Nico and curled up to his lover more. "You think they'll be alright?", asked Nico with a worried frown. "The quest? Sure. I think they can get the hang of it. Percy and Nico? I think so", hummed Perseus with a grin. "I mean, he's no Ice Prince, but he's cute and devoted. He cares. And that Percy? He needs someone to care for him right now. I'd love to check in with them once all of this is over." "That's not how things work", chided Piper and whacked him over the head. "Annie, your girlfriend is abusing my Sea Prince", complained Nico loudly. Annabeth just huffed and rolled her eyes fondly before leading Frank and Reyna over to hiss the sails and prepare to leave this world behind for good. /Omake – 2 Years Later\ It was a slow-paced development. A couple weeks after the Giant War ended, Percy and Annabeth officially broke up. Percy had seen it coming; Tartarus had driven them apart. They needed space. It took nearly a year of careful mending to re-establish the friendship they had before the pit. Both found other distractions, other projects and other paths. While Annabeth spent a lot of time with the Romans – with Reyna in particular – Percy spent his time with the Greeks. He had been confided to the infirmary for weeks after the war, basically rooming with Nico. Nico befriended Cecil, Lou and Will during the war and somehow, during their stay in the infirmary, Percy got involved with them. About nine months after the war, Annabeth and Reyna officially started dating and Percy started wondering. He was leading a PTSD support group at Camp Half-Blood and he had graduated from high school. Life was going relatively good for him, he was slowly sorting everything out. One and a half years after the war, Percy and Nico were just hanging out as friends, watching Marvel's Thor for the first time. It hit home, because it reminded them of Perseus and his Ice Prince. And for a split second, Percy and Nico looked into each other's eyes, before leaning in slowly. That had been half a year ago now – and things couldn't be better. "Honey, I'm home", called Percy as he unlocked the door to their little apartment. "...I told you not to call me honey, you dork. How was college?" Kicking off his shoes, Percy grinned broadly. Teasing Nico was his number one pastime. Dropping his keys along the way, Percy made a beeline for the kitchen where Nico was currently cooking, a black apron being the only thing he wore aside from boxer-shorts and a ratty old band-shirt. "Hey, my Ghost King", whispered Percy as he leaned in to steal a kiss. "Welcome home, my Sea Prince", hummed Nico as he answered the kiss. "Open up wide." "Oral sex before dinner? Naughty", grinned Percy teasingly and obeyed. Nico rolled his eyes pointedly and slowly as he offered a spoon full of sauce to his boyfriend. "I still wonder why Perseus thought my happiness laid with such an utter dork." Percy hummed contently and licked his lips. "He knew what he was talking about. You do all the smiling and being happy ever since we moved in together. Lovesick puppy, you." "Oh, like you're one to talk", huffed Nico, laying one arm around Percy's waist and drawing him close until their chests touched, dark eyes staring into sea-green ones. "Yep, you're right", agreed Percy softly, leaning in. "I'm a total goner. Irredeemably in love." ~*~ The End ~*~