through to sit on Frank's other side, while Hazel took the spot right next to him, Nico next to his sister, followed by Percy and then Leo. The seven of them soaked up every bit of information that the panel was willing to give them, all eager. /break\ By the time the panel wrapped up, Percy's phone buzzed with a text from Rachel. While Percy took his sweet time reading and replying – dyslexia was a bitch and Percy so preferred talking to people instead of texting – Leo was very animatedly talking to Frank and Hazel. "Percy? You coming?", asked Nico, grasping Percy's elbow inquisitively. "Everyone's clearing out." "Right. Yeah. Sorry", grinned Percy and got up to follow. "Leo, Rach asked if we wanna go eat." "I am starving", groaned Leo, nodding wildly. "Where?" "Chinese. She and Annie went ahead", stated Percy, eyes flickering over to Nico, Jason and Reyna, who were on his other side. "You guys... want to come along too? Our friend said the place is cheap but looks good. We could talk about the panel some?" "Food sounds so good right now", agreed Jason, exchanging a look with Reyna. "Sure. It's been a very long and exhausting con-day. Food sounds about right", said Reyna. "Awesome!", exclaimed Leo happily. "Can I take pairing-pictures of you two then? Please?" "Ew. You and your gross ships", sighed Percy dramatically while Leo used the Puppy Eyes of Despair ™ on Frank and Hazel. "It's such a burden being friends with you, Leo." Leo stuck his tongue out at Percy while their group left the building. Percy grinned and elbowed the Latino. Nico smiled as he watched them. They really looked like an entertaining duo to know and Nico so wouldn't mind getting to know Percy better. He was happy Percy had invited them along. "So, where are you from?", asked Nico casually. "New York. Born and bred", declared Percy with a proud grin. "This one is imported from Texas." "Oi!", yelped Leo with a glare. "Imported? I feel offended by that." "Aw, but we only import the best", cooed Percy and kissed Leo's cheek. Leo huffed and allowed Percy to ruffle his hair, while Jason raised an eyebrow. "So... are you two like a couple? Totally not judging. Just, you know, curious. Frank and Hazel are together. Reyna here is my girlfriend. Nico is totally and absolutely single and without a boyfriend right now." Nico rolled his eyes at the brick-wall subtly once again. Percy made a curious sound in his throat. "Naw, Leo and I are just best friends. And affectionate. It's just the way our friendship works", shrugged Percy. "But my ex-boyfriend used to get real jealous about it. Hence the 'ex'." "Mh. So... you're single right now, Percy?", asked Jason. "Oh, for the love of it, just ask him if he wants to go on a date with Nico, because this is painful!", groaned Reyna exasperated by her boyfriend. "Nico's living in New York too. Studying here. So are Jason and I, by the way. Hazel and Frank are attending college in New Orleans." "Oh. So... gay, single and from here too?", hummed Percy intrigued, looking at Nico coyly. "And your very bad wingman over there... he's trying to set us up?" "Well, it's not helpful that you're cosplaying his first crush", teased Hazel lightly. "When Alien Force hit, Nico discovered he's actually really very gay. I think that's also when he discovered fanfiction. It was a scary time, really..." Nico blushed and glared at his traitorous sister before turning to Percy. "You... don't happen to have a Kevin Levin in your cosplay-group, right? Because I'd be torn between wanting pairing-pictures and really disliking the idea of having you in pairing-pictures with someone else...?" Nico held his breath, unsure if he was being charming or creepy at the moment and really hoping Percy had humor. Considering the wicked grin on his lips, Percy had humor. "Are you... offering to cosplay Kevin for me on the next con? Because I would not object to that." "Only if you'll be my Lance", grinned Nico with a wink, sighing relieved. /break\ Rachel as Gwen Tennyson and Annabeth as Charmcaster were a great addition to their group and got along very well with Hazel and Reyna. Percy and Nico were glad to have their friends occupied during dinner, because they were too busy getting lost in each other's eyes and learning more about the other. By the end of dinner, each of the two boys really-really- really wanted to do pairing-cosplays with the other for whatever next convention would come. "It... was really nice to meet you, Nico di Angelo", grinned Percy softly as they reached the hotel where Percy's group was staying in. "We're going to see each other tomorrow, right?" They had compared schedules of panels and things they really wanted to see and realized some overlapped so the two groups had agreed to merge for those. Nico smiled and took Percy's hand, lifting it up to kiss it gently, which made a beautiful blush appear on Percy's cheeks. "Looking forward to it. And... when the convention is over, give me a call. Literally whenever you have time. I'll make the time to see you", promised Nico before wincing. "That sounded really desperate. It was supposed to be charming and eloquent." "I think it was cute. Cute's good", grinned Percy and blushed as he kissed Nico's cheek. "Percy! Come on! You can do your weird crossover slash-fic tomorrow!", called Rachel loudly. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Yes, a bit of an open ending, but come on, you know they'll get together and live happily ever after. It was all about them being adorable and cosplaying ;) - Also, if you're unfamiliar with Voltron, please google "Keith Voltron" and you'll know why Nico is the perfect cosplayer for it. And when you did that, go and watch the show. Just, binge it and let it suck you in