up: Silena will be complaining how all her cheerleaders are only drooling over their new Italian teacher." "Sounds to me more as though all your swimmers are going to complain how their coach is only drooling over their new Italian teacher", countered Annabeth with one cocked eyebrow. "He has this whole hot accent going on. You know how weak that makes me", whined Percy. "Why yes, I do recall making you drool quite a lot when we first met", nodded Octavian, laying heavy on his British accent. "Why ever did we not work out, exactly?" "Because I wanted to settle down, have a family and a little house with a white fence while all you wanted was your fun", hummed Percy and turned around. "Anyway, I should get going..." He didn't particularly enjoy talking about his past relationship with Octavian. Especially not with Octavian. That was the downside of dating co-workers. When it didn't work out, it could make everything just a bit too awkward. He was lucky that him and Octavian still got along relatively well, though he guessed he had to thank Luke for that. Because at first, Octavian had been quite bitter about the break-up and only sleeping with Luke had brought him back on tracks. His feet carried him to the garage, where Beckendorf and Leo were working. Beckendorf was a mechanic and owner of Hephaestus' Garage, but to earn some extra cash, he was also a part-time teacher, Leo his apprentice from his garage had been more than eager to also help out at the school. Which was a good idea considering how dangerous the combination of idiotic teenagers and blowtorches was. "Hey, you guys. What are you working on?", asked Percy interested as he walked over to their work bench. "Anything interesting? Or are you perhaps maybe free to take a look at my car?" "Seriously?", asked Leo as he pushed out from under a car. "Dude, this is like the second time this school year that your car broke down and it's only the third day of the semester." "What can I say? She's not the youngest", huffed Percy with a desperate shrug. "Sometimes, it's better to invest in a new car instead of patching the old girl back together", advised Beckendorf, who was leaning over a bunch of blue-prints. "Let her rest in peace, Perce." "Right. If one could effort that new car", snorted Percy and rolled his eyes. /break\ Nico took an interested look around the teacher's lounge. There was a broad dark-skinned man, his clothes dirty with grease, as he talked to a very excited and very gorgeous woman. "Those are Beckendorf and Silena, his fiance. She's the coach of the cheerleaders and he's our local mechanics teacher", explained a voice from behind him, startling him a little. When Nico turned around, he came face to face with the beautiful, green-eyed man. "Ciao, bello." [trans: Hello, beauty ] "Let me introduce you!", grinned Percy, waving his arms around. "Guys, this our new guy! Nico di Angelo. The new Italian teacher. Nico, as I just said, those are Beckendorf and Silena. Then there is Jason, the football coach and Clarisse, the basketball coach. All others are scattered or in class right now, I guess. Why don't you join me and my fellow coaches for lunch?" "I would love to, carino", nodded Nico with one of his enchanting smirks. Percy bit his lips to keep from sighing. He sat down between Silena and Clarisse, who both nodded at them shortly. Clarisse was in the middle of making plans for her team while Silena most likely was currently telling her fiance about the newbies. She was always very animated when it came to her cheerleaders. But as soon as Nico and Percy joined them, she went silent. "Oh wow, you are... hah...", sighed Silena dreamily, looking Nico up and down. "I can already see you posing for Rachel's art class. The students surely would have something to drool over." "Silena, love. Stop making the new guy uncomfortable", grunted Beckendorf amused. "Ah, it's alright", offered Nico with a smile. "I enjoy compliments from beautiful women." Silena giggled and blushed a little, batting her eyelashes at him. "So charming... You surely will break many teen-girls' hearts this school year. So, tell us a little more about you!" /break\ Nico taught his first class that afternoon. And just as he stepped up to the board to write his name on it, he caught sight of his classroom's view. The swimming pool. Where Percy was currently teaching a class. He may have drifted off with his thoughts as he just stood there and watched the other. Yes, he liked this room and its view. One of his students had to call him back to reality though. /break\ That night, as Nico arrived back in his hotel room, he felt just a little empty. His new colleagues were very sweet. Clarisse was a little rough, but he got along with Jason quite well and Silena was rather amusing too. But his personal favorite surely was the swimming coach. He had to admit that the young man with the mesmerizing eyes was far more than just nice company. He was beautiful. Yawning widely, he collapsed face-first on the bed, not bothering with undressing himself. He had been awake the whole night and just finished his first day of school. By now, he was far too tired to care. Hopefully, the pretty one would have classes tomorrow too so Nico could enjoy the view. Author's note: I feel as though FFNet is being flooded by Percico these days. It needs more Nicercy. So you're getting more Nicercy. Next chapter will have our still homeless Nico getting an offer he can not refuse - to move in with Percy (and Annabeth, but really, what does Nico care about that?). Also, we'll see a little bit of Leo who is stuck between a hard place (aka Hazel) and a rock (aka Frank)!