the blade, gently taking my trembling hands away. Then, as gently as she could, his sister pulled the blade free. A new wave of pain rolled over me, black spots dancing on the edges of my vision and I gritted my teeth. The boy quickly put some nectar on it and started wrapping. "Damn it, Cooper. This isn't good Nick, this wound is bad. Look, I don't know what the heck all that was about, but that doesn't matter. I will not lose a patient. Screw Chester, the war got to his head, I knew something wasn't right with him since last summer. Cooper has always helped camp, he was blind not to be able to see it." Then after a pause, her eyes tracing to my fallen weapon. "I recognize those powers, but she isn't like them. She helped camp." She said loud enough for the other campers to hear. Ellen, that's her name. She was on the Poland trip. And the boy, Alan. He came last winter. I felt a small smile tug at my lips despite myself. Then I focused my gaze back to Nick. "Nick, I would rather joke than cry about how unfair it is or something. I.. I know I'm not going to make it back to camp." I told him, my voice catching. I squeezed my eyes shut, then looked back to him as he spoke. "No, don't say things like that. You can't be dying on me, not like this. I refuse to accept it." He muttered, panic evident in his voice as he tried to get me into a more comfortable position, briefly glaring at Chester's body. "No, if this was how I was meant to go out, I am glad I was able to save you along the way, Nick. We will see each other again though." He just looked at me mournfully, wiping his eyes quickly, probably hoping I mistook them for the rain. Most of the other campers were keeping their distance, whispering, but let us have some privacy - probably sensing the limited time. Nicole was slowly making her way over to us though. I felt my blade return to its necklace form at my neck after never being recalled manually. "No, Allison you have to make it. Don't talk like its already done. We can get you back to camp- we can-" "Nick," I cut him off. "this was bound to happen at some point. War is not the place for kids, even if we are demigods. I would never be able to stay at camp like I was for long anyways, the odds were against it. Eventually someone would find out. Just.. just live your life for me, okay? Live it to the fullest and beat them for me. You can tell me all about it when we see each other again. Tell the rest of the camp what happened, and tell Chiron that I'm sorry, he knows what else. My mom already knows what I would say to her, just look after her for me please." I said slowly. By this point I could feel myself being pulled down further, not just my aura slipping away anymore. My senses were dulling and becoming numb. I reached out with my hand and grasped his. The pain was slowly ebbing away, leaving no feelings whatsoever. Nick cradled my head, brushing my hair out of my face quietly, trying to savor the time we had left. Alan shook his head slightly as he wrapped the cut on my arm after trying to seal it , I could only faintly feel it. Ellen was trying to do some Apollo healing magic on my stomach, but I didn't know what effect it was having. Nicole was now crouched down in front of me, pieces of her short brown hair falling from her ears, her face torn. "Allison, don't worry. I'll get him back to camp safely and keep an eye on him. You've done enough, just.. rest." I managed to give her a small nod, trying to convey all my thanks through my look. I felt horrible that Nick had to see this, but I was happy I made what I had of my life count. I felt a strange sense of peace, but there was still this subtle persistent feeling of underlying panic. I wanted to see out the end of the war, grow up and see the world in peace again. I had to fix my sibling's wrongs, fix our legacy. I wanted to help Nick as much as I could - I didn't want him to be haunted by my death. Survivor's guilt. For some reason though, it felt like this wasn't the end. Not just the Underworld being that end either. It was like the calm before the storm. I wasn't sure why though, I knew I was nearly gone now, that being one of the few thoughts I could still manage. The only thing left for me was my father's kingdom. I promised myself I would find Nick despite that though. I wouldn't leave him. I heard Ellen and her brother trying desperately to save the last shred of me. I pooled my remaining strength into squeezing Nick's shaking hand. "You are my best friend Nick. Wait for me, I'm not quite done yet." I said quietly, meeting his electric stormy blue eyes for one last time. Nick gave me a sad smile, but his eyes were red and watery, black eye nicely formed and cut still leaking. The pain was hardly there, replaced with nothingness, with darkness. But I heard him respond despite that; "I'm not done either, you will not be forgotten. Until next time Allison, I will wait." He vowed. -Cover Art by incredibru (Amazing artist) -Look to the next chapter's AN. when I post the updated version of it for a brief summary of the story, as you might be thinking, why bother reading this still?- Have an awesome week!