out, so she went to a boarding school in New York where she met Percy. That's how we know Percy." Nico nodded a little numbly. He hadn't known that. Beryl's lawyers and PR manager must really be keeping that under lock and key. It also explained why Thalia allowed herself to be dragged into this family vacation even though she was already nineteen. She was probably happy that her family had worked out after all. And it really did explain why everyone tolerated Octavian, if he had helped Luke off the street and helped him sort his life out. He just wasn't entirely sure how helpful all of this would be for him on the long run. But he knew he would figure something out. /break\ Percy's heart was aching a little as he got out of the car and grabbed the box with his most important belongings from the backseat of the car. He couldn't believe how fast the summer had ended. And with that, a new chapter in the book of his life would begin. It was the reason they had gone on this all-family vacation, after all. Percy had successfully graduated from high school and would be attending college starting now. He was nervous about this, he had spent half the drive here texting Nico. The thought made him smile faintly. Yes, summer was over, but Nico and him texted on a daily base. Nearly hourly, if he was being honest. It was heartwarming, but Percy was still doubtful. "Move your butt, Jackson. I want to get settled soon so we can order pizza. I'm starving." "Seconded. The sooner we get our stuff into our apartment, the sooner we can nap." Percy rolled his eyes as he turned to look at his new roommates. He was going to move in together with his two best friends – Annabeth and Rachel. He was really looking forward to this, even though he knew he would end up being bossed around all day long by the two girls. The decision where they would study had kind of been made a year ago. Because this was the city where Annabeth's girlfriend lived, the city where Annabeth's and Percy's friends Thalia and Luke lived, and it was also the city farthest away from Rachel's parents while still being in the states. "Ah! Finally, the lost pups return to the pack!", exclaimed Luke as he came to hug them. While Luke practically suffocated Percy and Annabeth in a hug, Rachel went to hug a very unwilling and annoyed Octavian. Ethan and Alabaster snorted amused as they went to get some of the stuff out of the truck of the car to help out some, ruffling the younger teens' hair in passing while Thalia went to join the hug between Luke, Percy and Annabeth. "Yeah, pack mom here has been getting real antsy", teased Thalia amused. "Thanks for coming and helping, gu-", started Percy with a smile after the hug. He paused when he noticed that Thalia, Luke, Octavian, Ethan and Alabaster weren't the only ones who had come to help them unpack and welcome them in Los Angeles. Annabeth gasped and ran straight into the arms of a gorgeous Latina – Reyna, Percy had met her a few times over the past year. But what made Percy pause was the olive-skinned boy next to Reyna. "...Nico...", whispered Percy and swallowed hard. "I'm taking you out for dinner tomorrow", was the first thing Nico said to him in utter determination as he stepped up to Percy. "Not tonight, because you've had a long, exhausting drive. But tomorrow, I am taking you out for our first date, boyfriend." Percy flushed a little as Nico stepped up into his personal space and grabbed him by the hips to pull him even closer until only a breath separated them. Percy was confused and wanted to ask what Nico was doing here, but then he remembered that he had never actually asked where Nico was from. The closest he had gotten to that was Nico asking where Percy was from and then whining with a long face that New York was 'too fucking far away'. "...You live in Los Angeles", whispered Percy stunned, blinking slowly. "Really?" "How did that not come up in your conversations?!", called Rachel out and shook her head. "Annie, Rachel, Percy, this is my best friend, Nico. But judging by the fact that Nico is five seconds away from kissing Percy senseless, I get the impression you already know each other", introduced Reyna with one raised eyebrow. "So Annie's Percy and Nico's Percy are the same Percy." "Thank the gods. Two of them would be a nightmare ", muttered Octavian pointedly, getting elbowed by Rachel. "Ouch, Dare. And can you two finally kiss so we can get this over with and I can go back home and do more productive things with my boyfriend?" "For once, I have to agree with Simmons", stated Nico with a mischievous grin. "Can I have a kiss now and can I call you my boyfriend now? I promise I will sweep you off your feet, Perce." Percy managed to nod before he felt Nico's firm, demanding lips upon his own and felt like melting. He had been thinking about this for weeks now, but he had denied it himself, not thinking he'd ever see Nico again. It seemed the fates had different plans for them, thankfully enough. Their friends snickered and whistled in the background as Nico and Percy got lost in each other's taste. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: So, this was fun :D I always enjoy writing a random piece of Nicercy among all the requests, new chapters to my open stories and the very increasing Malace I write these days. And I just looove turning the Heroes of Olympus characters into little kids. It's too much fun. And no one can tell me that Jason wouldn't hang off Nico's legs all the time xD