much larger than the three fingers had been, the whole thickness filling him in a perfect way. More and more and more of the meaty cock was shoved into him. He felt as though he wouldn't be able to keep himself upright much longer, intense pleasure driving him insane as he realized he had all of Nico inside of him at this point, could feel Nico brushing against his prostate for the first time. Whimpering softly, Percy gave in, only Nico's grip on his hips holding him up. "No, this won't do", mused Nico thoughtful and – much to Percy's dismay – pulled out again. Before the son of Poseidon had a chance to protest, Nico flipped him over again, having Percy laying sprawled out beneath him. He hitched Percy's legs up and placed them over his shoulders, lifting Percy's hips in the process. Percy licked his lips as Nico entered him again. "Yes, this is better", agreed Percy, wrapping his arms around Nico's neck. "Way better. I like being able to look at you. You're so handsome like that... all turned on, dark-eyed, delicious..." Nico smirked and leaned in for a kiss as he started to move hard and fast. His thrusts were short, barely pulling out before he rammed in harshly once again. He was pounding away into Percy's prostate at a mind-numbing pace, bringing intense pleasure to his lover. And even though the movement was fast, their love-making lasted. Percy was amazed at Nico's stamina as the son of Hades didn't slow down while Percy's throat was already sore from all the screaming and moaning. When Percy started to scratch Nico's shoulders, clawing at his lover in despair, the Ghost King stared to jerk Percy off, grinning wickedly as he played with the smaller dick. "So cute", whispered Nico with a chuckle, kissing along Percy's collarbone, biting over and over again, leaving a lot of hickeys decorating the delicious neck. "You have such a cute, little cock." Percy moaned and arched his back, enjoying the touch and the praising manner in which Nico talked about his cock. Nico continued to murmur nonsense about how adorable his tiny dick was until he drove Percy over the edge. All he had left was a weak whimper when he came. Nico sealed their lips together in a harsh kiss, captivated by the feeling of tightening muscles as he felt his own orgasm approach. He rammed as deep into his lover as he could the moment he came. Before collapsing on top of his lover, he rolled them both over to Percy came to lay sprawled on top of Nico, breathless and practically out cold. Nico grinned amused, pleased with himself and the fact that he had managed to knock his lover out like that. Resting one hand on Percy's ass, he combed the other through Percy's messy hair, enjoying the afterglow and the body-warmth. /break\ Percy woke up to the incomparable smell of freshly made pancakes and bacon. Cracking an eye open, he came face to tray with breakfast. Scrambled eggs, freshly squeezed orange juice, crispy bacon and blueberry pancakes. Next to the tray sat a smiling Nico, pushing Percy's hair out of his face. Percy hummed contently and leaned into the touch, kissing Nico's wrist. "We're not playing today", stated Nico, voice firm yet somehow tender. "I went to the market and got fresh blueberries and made you breakfast. You, just lay there, be gorgeous and enjoy it. Afterward, we'll cuddle some, if you want. And then I'll draw you a bath, because if I remember that correctly, your ass is still filled with my cum. You take a relaxing bath while I make the dishes." "Sounds amazing", agreed Percy and yawned before crawling over to snuggle up to Nico. "If you want, you could take a nice bubble-bath? There was this soap-stand at the market and I got that essence that makes those funny honey-scented bubbles you like so much", whispered Nico. "That's so thoughtful of you", sighed Percy contently, chewing his pancakes. "Gods, this is amazing. You're the best fake husband on this entire planet, Nick." "Thanks", chuckled Nico amused, laying his arms possessively around Percy's waist as he pulled the older demigod as close as possible, burying his nose in Percy's hair. "You deserve only the best. You were so good yesterday, so good . The way you took your punishment and how nice you made yourself look for me and... when you gave yourself to me. You felt so amazing around me. So tight and hot and delicious. Thank you for being so perfect. You were wonderful yesterday." "Mh... I like it when you praise me", hummed Percy with a cheeky grin. "And you deserve all the praise", chuckled Nico, brushing a kiss against Percy's temple. "So, what do you think about my suggestions? What do you want to do today, babe?" "Breakfast and then a hot bath sound good. I'm all sticky", giggled Percy delighted. "And maybe, when you're done with the dishes and I'm out of the bathtub, a... Game of Thrones marathon?" "Like I said, anything you want", whispered Nico. "Though I'd like to clean the bath today so you won't have as many chores when we play tomorrow. That a deal?" "Sounds good to me", nodded Percy and leaned up to kiss Nico. "I love you, Mister di Mare." "And I love you, Missus di Mare", grinned Nico, his grip protectively tight. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Percy considers himself "Andy" but I still referred to him as "Percy" in the narrative parts due to me being uncomfortable with the whole "let's give the main chara a new name!" (Harry Potter has definitely too many fics where that happens and is just... bad), but seeing as Percy poses as a girl, he did need another name. Just to clarify why even when the third-POV was talking about Percy's feelings and Percy's situation, it didn't say Andy's feelings and Andy's situation.