around him. "We're really, really sorry. Please don't be angry..." Taking a deep breath, Nico knelt down in front of Trend, trying to look at Derek. "Tesorino, you're not in trouble. Remember, mommy and I promised you that regardless of how bad you screw up, we will never hurt you or give you back, bambino. The only one in trouble is uncle Leo." Leo gulped and made a face, but he nodded obediently. Derek relaxed visibly, also nodding. "But daddy, uncle Leo just wanted to help me make cake for mommy!", exclaimed Sam and shook his head. "Because mommy loves cake. He'll come back when we tell him we have cake." Nico laughed softly and grabbed Sam around the shoulders to pull him into a one-armed hug. "Bambino, mommy isn't gone. He's just away for the weekend. He didn't leave us." "You keep saying that, but he's still gone and we're here", muttered Sam upset. "See?!", hissed Leo, pointing down at Sam. "How could I not agree to bake with them?" Nico sighed and kissed Sam's forehead. "Do all three of you think that? That mom's gone?" "I dunno", said Trend with a frown, shifting a little. "But I think Sammy's idea is good. If you wanna catch a fish, you use worms. And if you wanna catch mommy, you use blue cake." "Mommy promised to come back and you keep your promises, so I think mommy will come back", whispered Derek softly, sounding a little unsure. "He... will come back, yes?" "Yes. Promise", nodded Nico and sighed. "Look, bambini. I have work to do, so you be good and clean this mess up with uncle Leo and when I'm all done, we'll bake a cake together." /break\ "I want your sperm." Percy was not the only one to choke on his coffee in the teacher's lounge at that. Clarisse next to him looked up and threw the blonde a nasty glare, but Annabeth didn't budge. Piper next to her at least looked embarrassed. Alabaster made a disgusted face and wiggled his nose. "You're lesbians. What do you want with that?", asked Alabaster and froze. "Wait. Don't answer that. No. Percy's answer is no. There's no way in hell I'll endure kids produced by you two." "It does bode for a... weird combination", nodded Ethan, opening the box of doughnuts. "Take a doughnut and sit down, you two. That aside, Piper and Percy don't share many features." "Ethan has a point", agreed Jason from Clarisse's other side. "I mean, wouldn't you want the kid to at least have the chance to look like both of you? What if the kid completely comes after Percy? It would be horribly adorable, but it would also look nothing like its parents..." "Think about Luke and Octavian. They adopted a blonde, blue-eyed girl so she would resemble them", added Rachel, sipping her tea as she approached their table curiously. "So why not Piper as the biological mother and then you take your pick from all our blondes and see what happens?" "Do not even think about asking my husband", warned Reyna, not even looking up from her book. Percy grinned amused and gathered his stuff. "Come on, I'll walk with you to the library." The couple looked at him oddly, but they followed nonetheless. They left the teacher's lounge. "Being pregnant... I don't know...", sighed Piper with a frown. "I want a baby. And I want it to be related to us", stated Annabeth with a glare. "Besides, you were totally hooked on the idea as long as it was me being pregnant. But you're too good for it?" "No! That's not what I meant!", exclaimed Piper wide-eyed, shaking her head. Percy grinned amused to himself. Piper would have to put a lot into this if she didn't want to sleep on the couch for the rest of the month. But the thought of a tiny Chase running around was nice. "Why don't you ask your half-brothers? That way, the baby would be related to both of you." "Mh... that is actually a pretty good idea for a seaweed brain like you", praised Annabeth. Percy huffed and stuck his tongue out at his friend, nudging her side. /break\ Detention was a pain in the ass. Now Nico was starving because he hadn't had a lunch break and he missed his lover's delicious steaks that Percy had promised he'd make for them today (and sausages for the kids). He was grumpy when he entered the house, but when he reached the living room, the frown on his face turned into an amused grin. It seemed his family had pushed the furniture around, because the backs of the two couches were facing each other and a blanket was thrown over the couches. Stepping closer, Nico could hear whispers from beneath the blanket. "Ciao, familia", greeted Nico amused, living the blanket enough to look beneath it. Percy was holding a flashlight, a bowl of popcorn next to him and a half-asleep Sam curled together on his lap. Trend had his head resting on Percy's thigh, while cuddling Derek like a teddy-bear. "Hello, dad! Do you wanna come into our secret lair?", asked Trend, looking up at him. "Secret lair, eh?", repeated Nico, even more amused as he too crawled under the blanket. "Jup. We build a secret lair", confirmed Percy with a broad grin. "You joining us?" "What treasure are we hunting?", asked Nico, returning the grin. Trend loved pirates, so they often played pirates, hunting for treasure. And since Derek liked to hide, they normally played under the bed or in the wall-closets. It was fun for everyone. Author's note: I normally don't do that - obeying the demands for a sequel. But I liked the idea of Trend, Derek and Sam growing up as Nicercy's kids, so I thought I'd give it a try. Next chapter will have the Nicercy wedding and the family vacation honeymoon as well as a special wedding gift from Hades!