entertaining the children, getting to know them, but Asterion loomed behind, a dangerous presence, not yet having spoken a single word. The Minotaur stiffened when he saw his mate's tears. He growled and stalked over to them, grasping Percy's chin to tilt it up. "Did she hurt you?", asked Asterion in a dark, dangerous voice. "N—No!", exclaimed Percy, hastily shaking his head as he clung onto Asterion's strong biceps. "She... She said she wants to stay. She wants to get to know her grandchildren. I... I'm happy ." Asterion searched his face critically, before he deemed the fox-boy's words to be true. Nodding pleased, Asterion let go of Percy's face to look at the woman in question. "Then you are welcomed here", stated the Minotaur. "...Thank you", nodded Sally with a reluctant smile. "I'm... I'm Sally Blofis. What... may I call you? It always did bother me that Belle never asked the Beast's name in the movie." "Oh. I can't see that movie anymore", groaned Asterion and made a face. "Mpatis makes us watch it too often to be healthy. But... thank you for asking. Not many mortals consider what we 'monsters' have names. You can call me Asterion, Missus Blofis." "Oh, Sally, please", corrected Sally, smile growing more sincere. Percy watched the exchange in awe. His mate was being nice . The grumpy big Minotaur being polite . It was kind of adorable. Asterion wanted to be on Sally's good side. For Percy. How cute. /break\ Life honestly couldn't be better. His mom and Paul were living in Monstro City, Pasiphae and Pepromeno were happily enrolled in school, going to the same class as Pandorika and Fidi. Sally and Medusa were actually getting along real well . The war took a turn for the heroic side, after the initial big argument between Thor and Zeus – only the gods would manage to turn a lightning bolt throwing contest into a full-blown war – did the demigods, under the lead of Annabeth and Magnus Chase, bring peace once more. Not that it really interested Percy, because finally a war did not immediately effect him, did not leave him in the middle of it and in charge of solving all the problems, but there had been a certain something he had wanted not long ago and Asterion had told him off because of the war. So today, as Asterion came back home from work, with Pasiphae out with her friends, Pepromeno at the library, Agkelos on an adventure with Blackjack and Pegasus and Mpatis and Serpentarius opposite the street with Paul and Sally, Percy was waiting for his mate and master. He was butt-naked and on all four on their bed. "...Is there something you want, pet?", growled Asterion a bit amused. "Not very much", admitted Percy, looking over his shoulder at his mate coyly, his tail raised high to reveal his stuffed hole. "You've already given me everything I want. You even made it possible for me to have my mother with me again. But there is another thing I want. I want another baby. Please master, please, you promised you would make me another baby after the war. You promised!" Asterion grunted as he shed his pants and climbed onto the bed. Like he could deny his teasing little vixen anything. And ever since the war had ended a few days ago, with the gods victorious, Asterion had been making plans of breeding his little mate again. Alas, he seemed to be too slow for the greedy little tease. He grabbed the plug and pulled it out harshly, leaving Percy gasping and breathless. Asterion held onto Percy's hips tightly, his cock already hard since he entered the room to the enchanting picture of his mate presenting himself like that. Lining up with the greedily clenching hole, the Minotaur thrust in with one merciless, deep thrust that tore the most beautiful scream from Percy's throat. Pleased, Asterion leaned down and started kissing and biting Percy's neck and shoulders as he started fucking his mate earnestly and hard. He fucked Percy into the mattress, until the screams and howls turned into desperate little whimpers and whines, the kind that showed that Asterion was positively driving his pet insane with the constant assault of his prostate. Percy's tail was tickling Asterion's sick-pack, his tight hole clenching down needily around Asterion's dick until the Minotaur finally came deep inside of Percy, filling him with all the cum the kitsune had been craving for weeks now. Percy keened and came from the sensation of all the hot cum flooding him, knowing he would soon be pregnant with his mate's child again. Spent and overwhelmed did Percy collapse on the bed, with Asterion cradling him close against his chest. "Good little pet", praised the Minotaur pleased, nuzzling Percy's face and caressing his belly. "For you, always, master", purred Percy happily, eyes slowly closing in exhaustion. "Always." Asterion hummed knowingly, a deep rumbling in his chest that soothed Percy into falling asleep. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: So, I fina-fucking-lly did it! Hah. Only took me five years to finish this series, but hey, who's counting, right? :D" (I mean, I totally screwed up when writing this because the first version was centered around all of this happening during the Giant War, what with me including Bob and Damasen and all, but then I kinda-sorta... remembered that I wrote the first one under the assumption of "Whatever the fuck is going to happen in this still new Heroes of Olympus series, it's already over by the time this story rolls around :D", so I had to go through everything again and invent a new big war. Now that was... not so much fun =_=) Anyway, yes. This series is now officially over. I managed to tie all the lose ends I could find. They're happy, they're safe, Sally and Paul and Tyson and Ella are back in Percy's life. The end, as it says above.