the retort. But only because he could feel the head of Nico's cock poking his entrance. Thanks to the sauce, the cock was nicely slick and easily slipped into the tightness. Olive-skinned fingers dug harshly into Percy's hips as Nico pushed more and more of his dick into his lover. After a few minutes of patiently easing in, they were finally united. Where Nico had taken all the time in the world during their foreplay and preparation, he wasted not a single second now. Their intercourse was rough and fast, more like the rutting of animals. Percy loved when Nico didn't hold back and Nico was completely lost in ecstasy. The only thing bothering the son of Poseidon was his painfully hard cock that didn't get any attention at all. "N—Nico, please", whimpered Percy, tugging on his cuffs. "Let me come, Nick!" "Not yet", whispered Nico into his lover's ears. "Right now, your only purpose is bringing me pleasure. We'll take care of you later, babe." A strangled, displeased and yet aroused sound escaped Percy's throat. Nico took only a couple of more hard thrusts, making sure to hit Percy's prostate as often as possible to increase the deliciously tortured sounds. Still, after all the incredible things Percy had let him do today, Nico didn't last too long. Biting down hard on Percy's neck, Nico filled his lover with his seed. "Wonderful", whispered Nico breathlessly. "You're just... amazing. Spread your legs for me." Pulling out of Percy, he twisted the son of Poseidon to lay on is back. Percy groaned relieved as he spread his legs wantonly. A blush crept onto his cheeks at the vulnerable position and the fact that a mixture of chocolate sauce and Nico's cum was dripping out of his hole. With Percy's legs drawn up like that, Nico had such a delicious view on Percy's dirty hole and hard cock. Smiling a little, Nico laid down between Percy's legs and reached out. Scoping some of the mixture of cum and chocolate up, he slowly licked his fingers. Approving of the strange mixture, he repeated the motion, just to bring his fingers up to Percy's lips. The son of Poseidon blushed brightly and opened his lips. "There's a good boy", praised the son of Hades, turning his attention to the straining hardness. Opening the bottle, Nico started to pour chocolate all over Percy's cocks, decorating it with a crown of whipped cream. This was going to be the unhealthiest blowjob ever. And Nico would enjoy the hell out of it. Licking greedily up and down the hot cock, Nico started nibbling at it playfully before engulfing it with his mouth. Percy groaned and went slack, just enjoying the heat of the wet mouth and that cunning tongue continuing what it had started with his hole before. This started to feel more like a present for Percy, not that the son of Poseidon minded. "N—Nico, I—I...", gasped Percy, tugging on his bonds. Before he could even finish the sentence, he came down his lover's throat. Nico tried to catch as much of it as possible and then pulled off. Licking his lips, eyes dark with the aftermath of lust, Nico crawled up to Percy to open the handcuffs. Percy groaned relieved and shook his wrists. "That was the best birthday ever", groaned Nico, kissing Percy feverishly. Percy grinned into the kiss and wrapped his arms and legs around the Italian, trying to touch as much of Nico as possible, regardless of how disgusting he felt at that moment. After all, there were cum, chocolate sauce, ice-cream and whipped-cream all over his body. But the only thing on his body that mattered right now was Nico – and he loved that happy little smile on Nico's lips. The one that said How do I deserve you and You're the best thing in my life and all those other ridiculous things that made Percy blush and his heart flutter in all the right ways. "You know I'd do everything for you", whispered Percy softly, kissing Nico's neck. "How can you be so perfect?", whispered Nico, voice raw. "I mean..." "Because I love you", shrugged the son of Poseidon, looking up at Nico. "No. No, all of this", disagreed the Ghost King, shaking his head. "You pushed all my friends into throwing a party for me even though I explicitly told you I didn't want one, but... you insisted and now I realize I actually wanted it. I wanted it a lot. All those people who care about me, I think... part of me still isn't used to that. Part of me is still the scared ten years old who lost his mother and sister. But another, far larger part of me is.. whole, thanks to you. I have my sister and my friends and the most amazing boyfriend, who is willing to push me enough to realize the wonderful things I have. And he's also willing to do all kinds of naughty and dirty things." Percy laughed and hit Nico's chest. "Dumb-ass. So, you know you owe me a bath, or alternately a shower. Whatever you prefer. But not now. Now, I think you still fucked all capability of walking out of me, Nick. So... cuddles, shower, dinner, your favorite movie?" "Sounds like the perfect ending to a perfect day", smiled Nico, kissing the side of Percy's mouth. "I'm trying", grinned Percy sheepishly. "I just... don't want you to... grow tired of me." "Silly little thing", chided Nico, biting Percy's earlobe. "How could I ever get tired of you? But... at times, I'm a little afraid that I'm... overstepping. Like with the kinks, you know?" "No! The kinks are fine!", exclaimed Percy. "I just think we need to... explore them. Together." "Agreed", whispered Nico, pulling Percy into a soft kiss. "For now, just... stay in my arms." Percy made a confirming sound as he snuggled up to Nico. The perfect day, for both of them. ~*~ The End ~*~