big three arguing?" questioned the Titan in a curious manner to the centaur. "Oh, I believe that Lord Poseidon wishes to bestow the some form of the Mist enchantment to a mortal, similar to how we bestowed a Mist between the camps that keep the children of Rome from ever interacting from the children of Greece. The torch-bearing Titan's eyes widened as she realized what the Gods wanted her to do. "But the Fates—" she started but was cut off as Chiron gave her a nod. "Hence the argument," he responded. He turned back to see Poseidon, after having finished his reasoning, turning back towards them. "I want you to place a heavy mist on a young mortal," the Sea-God said, coming straight to the point. "This is not a request," he added as he saw a look of hesitation cross the Titan's face. "What form of mist, my lord?" asked Chiron, the specifications had to be accurate for any form of mist to be placed and this seemed that a complex one was being asked for. The Sea-God's face seemed to age visibly as lines appeared on his eternally ageless face, his usually calm and composed eyes showing turmoil of emotions. Heaving a shuddering sigh, he continued. "A mist that will never allow the mortal to become a part of his true heritage. He is a demigod, my son. He is only six years old, and he recently lost his mother to a lightning strike," Poseidon gave Zeus a seething glare and even Hades' face flinched at the horrid accusation. "And lastly, I want his demigod scent to be covered too so no monster, or any other supernatural being who might want to harm him in the future may get to him." "As you wish," replied the centaur before turning to Hecate, as they were both needed to perform the ritual. The torch-bearer seemed to hesitate, before shaking her head and nodded towards the Chiron. Slowly, both titan and centaur joined their hands and closed their eyes before Hecate started to chant in a language more ancient than even the Olympian Gods as power seemed to fill the entire council room. The air thrummed with an unearthly hum as the chanting took effect. The elder Gods stood around the pair as they fed their own power into Hecate's charm as a method of showing that the mist had their own approval and consent, even though Zeus felt anything but approval about the task occurring before him. The chanting went on for quite some time before Hecate and Chiron started glowing a light blue, signaling that the mist was taking effect, and after a few more moments, the duo stepped apart, as the glow around them vanished and Hecate gave a nod towards Poseidon indicating that her intended task was complete. "It is done my lords, now if I have your permission, I must return to my duties," said the centaur as he waited for the Gods in the room to grant him permission. "You may leave, centaur," responded Hades as he waved his hands and a shadowy darkness seemed to engulf Chiron before melting away into the walls. "You too Hecate, I have one more thing to tell my brothers before the meeting of the solstice will officially be over," Zeus said, as the titan nodded before disappearing in a small waft of smoke. "What else do you need?" asked Hades, annoyance and scowl back in place. "First of all," said Zeus as he looked towards the God of seas. "Are you not forgetting something?" "Yes," responded Poseidon as he held his trident up and closed his eyes as both weapon and god started glowing an intense green. "I, Poseidon, by my place as the ruler of the Seas, shaker of Earth, master of water, and the King of Atlantis, hereby forsake my son from all bonds that he may share from me." Poseidon's declaration seemed to have no effect other than him and his trident stopped glowing, but Zeus and Hades knew full well what had just happened. Poseidon's son, while he was still a demigod, had lost all his connection to his father and as a result all the benefits that came with being the son of the Sea. Now, he was nothing but a mortal in all aspects except for his blood. Before anything else could be said or done, the Sea-God gave one last glare towards Zeus before disappearing as the roar of a hurricane was heard before that too was gone, leaving the two brothers standing in sudden silence. "I too must leave now," said Hades as too prepared to shadow-travel when a hand on his shoulder stopped him. "Before you do so let me tell you something," Zeus took his hand off his brother, but the way he said those words, there was not a doubt in the Undead King's mind, that his younger brother was about to threaten him. "What do you want now?" "Now I know who to go after if anything happens to my son or daughter," the Sky-God staring intently at Hades as black eyes met light-blue. Hi guys, I hope you guys liked it. I had this idea playing in my head for a while but I didn't get the time to think on it farther until just recently. So yeah, Poseidon, in his worry for Percy, decides that for Percy's safety, it would be best if he never came to know of his heritage as a demigod. Special thanks to Nitrogirl for helping me with the idea of this fan fiction as well as the name! This story would not have happened at all if not for her major help, so please give her some applause as well! Next chapter there will be a time-skip and we will see how our favorite hero has grown up. The story will start with Percy being 15 instead of 12 years old and it will start with high-school! Thanks, Tanneal.