didn't know how you felt about... the lawyer me." "I like the lawyer you", whispered Percy against Nico's shoulder. "He's dorky and fun to talk to and kind and I look forward to my exhibitions the most because I get to see you..." "Well that... makes me an idiot then", mused Nico with a frown. "So I should have asked you out months ago then? Because I really wanted. But I thought, well, I don't know..." "You were being silly", hummed Percy knowingly and stared up at the lawyer. "But so was I, so I guess we deserve each other for being idiots, huh?" "Yes, I suppose we do", laughed Nico, kissing Percy's cheek. "I do. Love you, that is. And your art. The new series that I bought last night, it was so intense, it instantly inspired me. Which is why after the exhibition, I headed out to the train station to start a new piece myself." "It's funny", chuckled Percy and tilted his head. "You inspire me and I inspire you. Poetic, eh?" "It's sure going to be interesting", hummed Nico, licking his lips. "So... Would you like to come over to my place some time and be my model? Because I wanted to do a piece of you for a while now. You, the trains. I do have a vision for it, but I want to do you justice." "So, that's why you... made those sketches of me last night, yeah? Well... Okay. Only if I get to take a couple photos of you", whispered Percy with a predatory gleam. "What kind of emotion does a lawyer convey?", snorted Nico amused. "Oh. Not for a series. For me", chimed Percy with a broad grin. "Because I like looking at you." "That... feeling is mutual", whispered Nico, caressing Percy's cheeks as though he was following the outlines of Percy's face. "You're the most intense piece of art I've ever seen, Perseus. Your eyes... they're so expressive. I feel like getting lost in the swirl of emotions they present." "Flatterer", whispered Percy red-cheeked. "So... you busy at the moment?" "Very", nodded Nico seriously, watching Percy falter a little. "After all, I just cleared my schedule for an entire hour to talk to a new client. Now, Mister Jackson, what would you like to talk about?" Percy's face instantly brightened again as he grinned at the lawyer. "How about we go and grab a coffee and breakfast? Because I'm positively starving and I left my coffee in Rachel's clutches." "Yes. Breakfast sounds brilliant", agreed Nico and got up before pressing a button on his phone. "Miss Beauregard, I'll be out for the next hour. An important meeting. Do not bother me." Not waiting for a reply from his secretary, he grasped Percy's hand to pull him along. /break\ It was somewhat poetic, Nico had to agree with that as they were in Rome two months later, Percy in the middle of a photo shooting on a hill overseeing the city while Nico sat on a bench close by and was capturing Percy in rough sketches that he'd be turning into a graffiti later on. Percy was interacting with the little girl with the ice-cream that he was trying to capture in a carefree moment. He got the moment as a flock of pigeons rose next to them and the little girl stared after them with an o-expression. Percy looked at her so fondly as he captured her between the rising birds and with the beauty of Rome in the background. Nico smiled pleased as he captured Percy's expression the moment he looked at the little girl. Being with Percy was so inspiring and fulfilling. He had tried to fill the void and longing ever since his sister had passed and Percy's art had come close, but being with Percy finally made him feel whole again. "Thanks for your time, princess", grinned Percy, ruffling the girl's hair. She giggled and ran off to her mom waiting at the sidelines. Both waved at Percy and Nico as they left again. Nico slowly packed his things up and walked over to his lover. Percy smiled brightly as he greeted Nico with a deep, passionate kiss. Grunting amused, Nico wrapped one arm around his lover's waist to pull him up against himself some more. Art made Percy horny, Nico knew that. And Nico appreciated that. Smirking into their kiss, Nico adjusted them both a little. "I'm... glad we took the time for this vacation", whispered Nico. "It's a work trip", chided Percy with a half-grin. "Though, well, my work is more fun than work. And with you, it's actually even more fun. Thanks, for clearing your schedule for the week." "For you? Always", smirked Nico and took Percy's hand. "Now, shall we get back to the hotel?" "That is a great idea", agreed Percy, leaning his head against Nico's shoulder as they walked. And truly, Percy's life had become a masterpiece after he became an artist. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: This story was inspired by a conversation I had with a friend about the word "wanderlust", which is German and is being very much misused in the English language. Wanderlust means, literally and figuratively, the desire to go hiking. It's being used as what we Germans call "Fernweh" however. Fernweh is the yearning for other places, to travel the world, go on vacation, to literally just be away from where you are. It irked me that the English language decided to borrow a German word... but they just took the wrong one. Anyway, that's what inspired this story! Next update is going to be another Nicercy oneshot titled "Sharing Pizza With a Prince" on Wednesday; Prince Perseus of Atlantis is visiting New York with his family. On a gala, he talks to Nico, who is a cook and just there for work and really not interested in royals so he has no idea the cutie he's chatting up is actually a prince.