innocent green eyes, identical to his own. He'd kissed her forehead. Smoothing his hand across her soft, downy cheek, delighting in her small, happy gurgle. He'd smiled at her, and she'd smiled back at him, imitating him. He hadn't wanted to leave, but he knew he was endangering her being there. He'd left a note for Sally, telling her to keep their daughter hidden. To keep her safe. She had. Sally had put her own happiness to the side to keep their daughter safe. Gabe had been a disgusting man, but he had kept the monsters away, and Sally had made sure he never touched Persephone. Poseidon had been dubious when he'd found out the name Sally had chosen for their daughter, but when he'd heard her reasoning he'd understood. Sally was always such a romantic. From then Poseidon had watched his daughter as closely as he could without risking her safety, and he was always overjoyed whenever Sally took her to the beach. Montauk had become one of his favourite places in the world. When Persephone had been introduced to their world, Poseidon had known. He had known what would happen, but it still struck him harder than lightening to hear his daughter tell him she hated him. He hadn't let her see it, but it had broken a tiny part of him. She was the thing he loved more than anything in the world, and she had hated him. Even now, he would never tell her. The guilt she'd feel would never be worth it. Poseidon knew his daughter. So he never told her, and he never would. He held his silence, and every time his daughter hugged him, he hugged her tighter. When Sally had met Paul, Poseidon had been angry, but he'd understood, and he hadn't interfered. He couldn't make Sally happy, and if another man could then he would let her go. Everything Poseidon had done for the women he loved had been through his silence. They wouldn't know, and that was the way Poseidon would keep it. Nobody would ever know but him. So if sometimes the wind off the sea blew too harshly, the seas roared too loudly, the waves crashing too strongly. Poseidon would never tell anyone who asked why. He'd keep his silence. But he would never willingly let his daughter suffer. Not if he could help it. Which was why Poseidon was here, on Montauk beach. "Persephone. I want to give you something. You don't have to take it. It's completely your choice but I want you to listen to me first." Poseidon's voice was strong but gentle as he spoke to his daughter. Persephone nodded to show she was listening, and it was testament to her trust in Poseidon, and self-awareness that she didn't react strongly when her father suddenly picked her up, before settling her down again of a bench that appeared out of the sand. "I propose that you take over responsibility of these surrounding seas and its subjects as their Queen." Poseidon was quick to cut his daughter off when she moved to interject. "Wait. Listen. You would stay mortal. Whilst in these seas and surrounding areas you would not age physically, but it would not extend your life line, you would die at the same age you would even if you don't take up my offer. Moving outside of your domain you would revert to your physical age, but whilst here you would have the power of a minor god and an extension of my powers anywhere else. It's completely up to you whether you take the offer, but I think you would do well taking up the offer. You were born to lead." Poseidon made sure not to look away from his daughter as he spoke, although he did struggle with the idea of her death, he didn't let it show on his face. When Persephone didn't respond immediately Poseidon could tell she was thinking about it, and the longer she stayed silent, the wider Poseidon's smile grew. "You don't have to give me a reply immediately, I can ask again in a day or two?" But Poseidon knew the idea was already sold. "No. Actually I would love that. I feel better here, and I love the people." Persephone smiled her beautiful smile up at Poseidon, and he knew he'd made the right call. "I, um, I don't feel as much despair when I'm in the water." He knew it was hard for his daughter to admit her vulnerabilities, so instead of replying, he just crushed her in a hug. "You might want to go tell your mother. You might be gone for quite a while getting used to your duties, and anybody else you would wish to say goodbye to for a while." After a few minutes Poseidon released his daughter. Persephone nodded her head, and with a wave of his hand Blackjack appeared, meaning Persephone let out another laugh. That horse really did have an obsession with doughnuts. "I'll see you this evening." Poseidon hugged his daughter one more time. "Yep. Bye dad, love you." Blackjack was already cantering away as her words travelled back to meet him. "I love you more, my daughter." He watched her as Blackjack took off and wondered whether she realised she was still wearing the dress he'd gifted her with. She honestly looked like a true queen in it. His children always looked as though they would fit better living in Ancient Greece. All Demigods did truly, but his children felt it. This was just another way of giving his daughter a future she could truly belong in. With a wave of his hand Poseidon cleared her discarded clothing from where it lay on the sand, returning it to her cabin back at Camp Half Blood. He'd give it all to her later. But right now he had some arranging to do. With a whirl of sand and a salt water breeze Poseidon was gone.