enthusiastic way Percy would talk about it was worth listening to stuff he didn't know about. If Percy continued like that, Nico was going to start watching it. In return, Percy would let Nico ramble on about Star Wars . So in a way, both of them also enjoyed science fiction – they could, at least, agree on Star Trek in this section. To sum it up, Nico truly was head over heels and right now, he was sitting in an Italian restaurant, nervously shifting on his seat and waiting for Percy to arrive. He hadn't seen Percy in two weeks and he couldn't wait to talk to the other boy in person again. "Sorry to keep you waiting, Bucky. Of course my professor was in rant-mode today." "No problem, Korra. You're worth the wait", replied Nico with a grin. He barely managed to keep his pokerface at the sight in front of him. Percy was wearing a blue dress-shirt and rather tight dress-pants. Aside from the clothes that complimented Percy's body quite well, it was more the area of Percy's face that stunned him. He realized he hadn't seen Percy without the wig and contacts yet. Percy's hair was a mess, roughly two inches of black, fluffy hair. Nico instantly had the urge to run his fingers through it. The most startling thing however were Percy's eyes. They weren't silvery-gray or golden-amber, no, they were even more impressive. They were something between green and blue, like those two colors were clashing, fighting in Percy's irises. Nico was pretty sure he could spend hours just staring into those eyes, watching that battle. "Uhm? Nico? Still in there somewhere? Now I'm relieved you're sitting, because I'm pretty sure you'd run into a wall again right about now", said a voice, interrupting Nico's thoughts. Shaking his head, Nico looked at Percy apologetically. "Sorry. You distracted me. Again." "I tend to do that a lot", agreed Percy, mischievous smile on his lips. "Better not drive in a car with you behind the wheel, mh? What in the world is it that distracts you so much?" "All of this , quite obviously", grunted Nico with a frown, indicating to all of Percy again. "I'll make sure you get a mirror for your birthday, because you apparently don't own one. Those strong arms of yours, that taunt stomach, the cheekbones and pink lips and that ridiculously cute nose and those hair and have you ever actually seen your eyes? Because I'm pretty sure that color doesn't exist!" "Oh. Uhm. Okay", nodded Percy, cheeks turning darker and darker. "And your legs seem pretty much endless. Like, how are they so long? You're not exactly tall! It's like they're trying to force me to imagine what they'd look like wrapped around my waist", continued Nico, stuck in ramble-mode. "And, okay that one I could even believe that you haven't really seen yet, but you have an incredibly hot ass. It's begging to be squeezed, really." "You can stop talking any time now", mumbled Percy, face ridiculously red. "...Right. Sorry", muttered Nico, face matching Percy's in color. "You're just... really something. And like your incredibly enchanting exterior isn't enough, you have to be this... sweet, kind, caring guy with that big heart and all this dorkiness that I adore. You're amazing." "Way to swoop a guy off his feet on the first date", whispered Percy with a small grin. Nico shifted a little in his chair. So that had gone smoothly. A ton of word-vomit that made him sound more like a fanboy than a potential boyfriend. He didn't understand. Sure, he wasn't the best when it came to social interactions, but he wasn't that awkward normally. Percy however made him feel like an utter fool, yet also like the happiest person on the planet at the very same time. He blamed the age difference. He had never been with someone who was more than a year apart from him before. But he also saw a thrill in this. The goal of having this gorgeous college student beneath him at one point. Not tonight. Tonight was all about the romance and showing Percy that Nico, even though he was far younger than Percy, was still the perfect match for him. During dinner, they talked animatedly, barely catching a breath in between. It was for both of them entirely too easy to talk to each other. They shared their food, feeding each other and laughing when one of them missed. Afterward, they decided to take a big dessert together. Nico smiled softly as Percy had a little bit of chocolate sauce in the corner of his mouth when they stood. "You... have a little bit of something there", noted Nico, grasping Percy's chin. "Let me." Percy blushed as Nico kissed the corner of his mouth. For a moment, time seemed to freeze as they were only a breath away. Percy tilted his head enough to properly capture Nico's lips. Nico hummed softly, relieved to get this reaction out of the other. He slowly laid his arms around Percy's waist and pulled the green-eyed beauty close until they were chest to chest. Percy grinned into their kiss as he wrapped his arms around Nico's neck, tilting the Italian's head down to deepen the kiss. "You know, you're pretty amazing too", whispered Percy breathlessly at the end of their kiss. "Does that make us amazing boyfriends now?", inquired Nico teasingly as he led the way out of the restaurant, fingers linked with Percy's. "Because I really, really, really like you." "That's good, because I'm holding you to your promise to be the Asami to my Korra", said Percy. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Because I recently fell in love with the Avatar cartoons and all I could think was "Damn, Korra is Percy's spirit animal. They're like siblings", which then evolved to "Damn, Korra's (first season) outfit would look great on Percy ôo". So here it is, Percy cosplaying Avatar.