own team decided to come a bit closer again. Leo grinned amused as he knelt down in front of Nico. "Did Brainiac just bitch-slap you?", asked the Latino teasingly. "I'm dating a supervillain", muttered Nico with a dumb look on his face. "Uhm, yeah sure. What else is new?", asked Piper confused, raising one eyebrow. "What?", grunted Nico with a frown. "What do you mean?" "Well, we already met him a couple of times in the restaurant", replied Hazel as she joined Leo and started running her fingers through her boyfriend's hair. "And while Frank and I didn't spend too much time with Percy, Leo did. Because he's a nosy little Firebug." "It's really not that hard to figure out once you get to know him", pointed Leo out. "I mean, he has the exact same statue, same height – easily found out by comparison with you since I always see the Sea Prince standing close to you – and the general way of his body-language." "Leo told us", grunted Frank with a frown. "And we told the rest of the team. We thought it may not be your best idea ever. But we, as a team, came to the conclusion that if you manage to separate your two lives so well, then it was your decision and we wouldn't get involved." "We observed for a couple days, how your and his behavior during their heists went and since nothing seemed to change and you didn't give an inch, we thought it was fine", added Reyna. "We kind of didn't think that you had no idea what was going on", snorted Jason amused. "I mean, seriously. You're a good tracker. You're good at reading people. How were you not able to read Percy's body-language and everything, even though you know him far better than Leo does?" Nico's frown deepened at that. Even his friends had figured it out. Percy had figured it out. And Percy surely hadn't taken advantage of his relationship with Nico. Great, now he felt like crap. /break\ Percy was sitting on his bed, pouting as he glared at the wall. His friends had asked him if he wanted company, but right now Percy wasn't in the mood for company. His dumb, stupid idiot moron boyfriend hadn't figured out who Percy was and now he apparently had a problem with dating a criminal. Stupid, stupid, stupid superhero boyfriend. "Can... I come in, Perce?", asked a soft and clearly guilty voice. "No", replied Percy as he turned to glare pointedly at Nico. "I bring... doughnuts and flowers?", offered Nico awkwardly. Percy's glare grew more annoyed as he saw the blue-dyed roses and the blue-frosted doughnuts. "Why? So you can properly break up with me because you can't handle a supervillain?" Nico winced as he approached and put the doughnuts on the bed next to Percy before sitting down on their other side. "I'm not here to break up. I'm here to apologize. On multiple accounts. First of all, for you getting kidnapped, which was my fault and I'm so sorry you had to go through that. Second of all, for being a dumb, ignorant idiot who was apparently trying very hard not to see what was in front of my own eyes. I should have realized it sooner, you're right. And thirdly, I want to apologize for how I handled the news. I didn't mean to. I'm... you're not really a supervillain, Percy. You're no way near the level of Kronos or Gaia. I love you. I don't want to miss you in my life again. I don't want to lose you, Percy. I've never been as happy as I am with you, Percy." "Are... you sure you can handle dating a criminal?", asked Percy doubtfully. In answer, he was pulled into a deep, slow kiss. The kiss lasted for minutes and by the time it broke, they had adjusted to lay curled together on the bed, with Nico holding Percy close and Percy resting his head against Nico's chest, listening to the Italian's heartbeat. "I think I can handle it. I have been dating you for months now, without knowing who you are", drawled Nico slowly, caressing Percy's side. "But... maybe I could... understand you better, it better, if you'd... tell me why you're a criminal. Why are you using your powers for bad?" "I'm not", huffed Percy amused. "See, I suppose that is why me and my friends do what we do. For you heroes, there's only bad criminals – black – and the good heroes – white. But... there's a wild array of colors between black and white. And we chose to live there. We do good. We steal things that have been stolen. Paintings that had been taken by the Nazis during WWII, jewelry taken from people. We steal it, bring it back, cash in a little fee, sometimes also steal something else – because who doesn't care if he owns a Nazi painting surely deserves to have their golden cufflinks stolen." Nico frowned surprised. "But if you're doing good, why... why have you never confided in the heroes and joined our side? To work together. Clear your names and all." "Not interested", shrugged Percy a bit bored. "Robbing Hood, he... he's the son of one of the original heroes. Hermes. Left him alone with a crazed mother, drove him into the arms of Kronos, until Robbing got his head straight again. Me too. I'm the son of Poseidon, but Poseidon wanted to 'protect' me by abandoning me. Left me and my mom to fend for ourselves. No interest in that." "Well, those... were the old heroes", whispered Nico and cupped Percy's cheek. "We're different." "That may be true, but... your fancy little heroics are just not ours", shrugged Percy amused, leaning up to peck Nico's lips. "That's something you have to learn to live with." "For you, I can learn to live with anything", whispered Nico against Percy's lips. ~*~ The End ~*~