looked up at his lover from hooded eyes, smiling coyly. "Fuck me. Really, not just... laying there in the wait. I want you to fuck me hard with that gorgeous, giant dick of yours", groaned Percy, bucking his hips. "It feels so good inside of me, please!" "You do have a thing for the size of my cock, mh?", chuckled Thanatos amused, starting thrusting. He started with a slow rhythm, but Percy's nails eagerly scratching his back so harshly that Thanatos started moving faster all too soon. Within minutes, they were rutting away like animals, Percy urging Thanatos on to go harder and faster, until the god was pounding Percy's prostate hard, stretching him so much, Percy never wanted to miss that dick again. And those large hands so easily embraced all of his cock, jerking it off in a rhythm to go with the thrusts, driving him completely insane within the shortest of times. When Thanatos leaned down and kissed him feverishly, it really was the last thing Percy had needed to break. Whimpering into their kiss, he came all over both their stomachs. Thanatos grunted as the already tight channels started to tighten even more. This time, he started to go more frantic all on his own, wanting to feel more of that amazing ass. "C—Come inside of me", ordered Percy, his arms locked around Thanatos' neck. "Please?" Thanatos grunted and obeyed the sweet request, filling his lover's tight hole with his seed. Since Percy's legs were wrapped tightly around Thanatos' waist, the god stayed inside of his lover, having a feeling that it was exactly what Percy wanted from him right then. The boy was smiling like a pleased cat as he curled up against the broad chest of his lover. "Wow, I really love you...", groaned Percy, right before he froze. "Uhm, I mean... I didn't mean..." "I love you too, Perseus", interrupted the god softly, kissing Percy's cheek. "Now let's sleep some." "Mh... sounds good...", yawned the son of Poseidon with a goofy smile on his lips. /break\ The next time Percy managed to leave the bed was around Monday noon. He had tried everything with Thanatos. It was just too hard to resist Thanatos when Percy was waking up with that delicious cock hardening inside his ass, or waking up head-to-head with that beautifully large cock. It had sucked when Thanatos had pried himself out of Percy's horny grasp to go to work, saying something about Hades grilling him if he skipped another day. So, bored out of his mind, he IMed Nico and asked about the status on Operation: Jealous Blonde. Fifteen minutes later, Percy was laying curled together on his couch when Jason and Nico arrived. "Wonderful. Can you make me breakfast Nico, please?", begged Percy with large eyes. "That's why you really called us, isn't it?", snorted Nico, cocking one eyebrow. "You're a great cook and I spend all weekend riding Thany's cock", whined Percy with a pout. "It took me fifteen minutes to climb down the stairs, Nico. Have mercy on me." "Since you helped me solving my blonde problem...", mused Nico, slapping Jason's flank once. The blonde winced and sat down on the couch opposite Percy while Nico headed for the kitchen to make pancakes for them all. Percy smirked viciously at the way Jason kept shifting. "You can lay down, you know?", snickered the son of Poseidon. "It helps, laying on your side." "Shut up", mumbled Jason embarrassed, doing as Percy suggested. "Fuck, I mean, I don't mind when Nico tops, I like it a lot, but he's never been that rough. Or... spanked me." Percy grinned at the blush on his friend's cheeks. "You know how these underworld guys are. You can't act all jealous-possessive and distrusting. Nico is the master of holding a grudge. So you better get used to the aching in your backside. I think it'll take another couple of rounds before he calms." "Great...", groaned Jason, burying his face in a pillow. "Percy is completely right with that one", called Nico from the kitchen. "Tonight will involve a paddle, a cock-ring and a vibrator. Just as a little heads-up." "So, how's your sex-life, Percy?", asked Jason, eager for a change of topic. "Amazing!", exclaimed Percy bright-eyed. "I mean, really. Thany's cock is so large and amazing." "Let me guess, that's why you haven't been over the whole weekend?", asked Nico loudly. "Yup", agreed Percy, licking his lips. "We did it at least a dozen times... I'm so sore, it's ridiculous." "Tell me about it", muttered Jason, rubbing his face. "My ass feels so violated." "Oh please, Nico's not even close to Thany's size!", snorted Percy and shook his head. "I am concerned that you seem to know so well about my boyfriend's size?", growled Jason. "If you throw another hissy-fit, I will spank you so hard, you'll forget your own name!" "Yes, sir!", yelped Jason terrified, eyes large. "Oh, I said that a lot too", snickered Percy delighted. "You wanna go shopping with me and Leo later next week? I want to try some toys. Using Thanatos' cock this weekend had been overall great, but I think he has some kinky depth hidden there. Also, I need new costumes, because that kink is not hidden at all. I caught him sniffing my panties yesterday." "That means some hours away from the devil I share a bed with...", sighed Jason pathetically. "I'll be tagging along to that one!", called Nico out from the kitchen. "Gotta chose something nice for Jay to keep him from misbehaving again. Don't make that pouty face, Jason." Jason grimaced at that. "Sometimes, I think he's psychic or something..." "You could get Nico a collar so Will knows to back off?", offered Percy teasingly. "Yes!", exclaimed Jason excited, sitting up. "No!", growled Nico, sticking his head out of the kitchen. "Good to see you two agreeing", laughed Percy amused. "Nico? When do I get my pancakes?" ~*~ The End ~*~