huffed Eli flushed, pulling the two heroes with him. Tom and Cal stumbled after Eli down the stairs and through the living room. They entered the Raser household through the connection door between the living rooms. The Raser household was already bustling with life. Eli smiled brightly as he joined his family. "Ma! Ma! Ma!", exclaimed Eli loudly and jumped Sam. The son of Ares just had enough time to turn around and catch Eli. Trend was sitting at the dining table, reading the newspaper and drinking a black coffee. Derek next to him repeatedly stole the mug of black coffee to take large sips himself while reading the newest Vogue. Colly was in the kitchen with Sam, helping him with breakfast (and looking completely miserable as though that was the greatest punishment ever). Mikki and Clover sat at the table with Derek and Trend, playing. "Why's Eli wearing jeans?", asked Mikki confused and stared at his big brother. "Because he slept with Tom and Cal, stupid", huffed Colene and rolled her eyes. "Why? He has his own bed and his own clothes", frowned Clover equally confused as Mikki. "Because he had a sleepover, just like you, Clover, but he didn't have clothes with him", replied Derek smoothly and put his Vogue down. "Tom. Cal. Sit. Now." The two boys immediately obeyed and found themselves sitting opposite Derek and Trend. The son of Athena put his newspaper down to stare intensely at the teenagers. Eli all the while didn't notice anything of his boyfriends' misery, too happy in his mother's arms. "So I take it, you had fun last night?", asked Sam with a small smile. "Yes! We danced all night until my feet felt like falling off and Anna even hooked up with some guy and Corny became Prom Queen and Cal and Tom were so amazing and we like kissed all the time and then we cuddled and it was just so amazing!", exclaimed Eli, nearly forgetting to take a breath. "Tom and Cal were being real gentlemen then, mh?", asked Sam next, motioning for Eli to help. "Yes! They were so... wonderful", whispered Eli and Sam was sure he could see stars and hearts in his son's eyes. "They make me feel all light and happy and... is this what you feel with dad and pa?" Sam smiled fondly, one arm around Eli's shoulders as they continued finishing breakfast up together. "They make me feel like the happiest and luckiest person on the planet, yes." Eli's heart fluttered at that. It was what he had always wanted. He wanted what his ma had. The two perfect husbands who carried him on their hands and were so dedicated and loving. "Hey, sweetheart. When will breakfast be ready?", asked Derek as he interrupted them. He wrapped his arms around Sam's waist and kissed Sam's earlobe. The son of Ares leaned in some. "Soon. Get the kids to set the table. And stop threatening Tom and Cal with glares", answered Sam. "Trend, Sam says we have to stop threatening Tom and Cal", called Derek out as he returned to the dining hall. "Colly, Mikki, Clover. Go and set the table. Tom and Cal... at least get some cleaned up. You still reek like alcohol and you look worse for wear." Tom and Cal blushed a bit embarrassed and made their way to the bathroom to get cleaned up, as ordered. Derek snorted amused. Those boys were really easy to push around. Had he been the same when it came to Sam, when they had been teens? Probably. Sitting back down with Trend and kissing the blonde's stubbly chin, he watched as Colly, Mikki and Clover set the table while Eli and Sam served the food. He nodded grateful when Colly came and brought him his own cup of coffee. As much as he enjoyed annoying Trend by stealing the blonde's coffee, he did consume a large amount of coffee, so stealing a sip here and there didn't do. "Why's Eli wearing a crown?", asked Clover as she sat down next to Derek. "It's called a tiara", corrected Derek amused, ruffling her hair. "It's a crown for princesses." "Is Eli a princess then?", asked Mikki with a frown. "Tom and Cal got it for me for prom", grinned Eli, pulling Sam to the dining table. "Oh, it was magical! They were so wonderful and the night was so... it was... perfect." "Yeah?", grunted Trend, cocking one eyebrow, critically looking Eli up and down. The boy had a certain jump to his step, light and happy. No limp. So he had to hand it to Cal and Tom not to push his baby boy. The two boys returned from the bathroom and took their places on either side of Eli. Eli was glowing happily as he looked from one of them to the other. "Yes. They're my boyfriends now and... they make me happy", declared Eli. "As long as they make you happy, they're more than welcome", stated Derek cautiously. "As long." "Sure thing, Mister Raser", nodded Tom obediently, linking his fingers with Eli's. "Of course we'll make him happy, he makes us happy too after all", agreed Cal with a smile. "I sometimes feel like Sander and Donny just took all of their adorableness and put it into their firstborn", muttered Sam and shook his head. "Enough with that now. Breakfast." "Ma's pancakes are the best", stated Eli and put large piles of pancakes on both his boyfriends' plates. "And you have to eat them with the raspberry sauce dad and I made." "I helped too!", exclaimed Clover with a pout. "Eating half the raspberries before we can make the sauce is not helping", huffed Eli. Cal grinned as he dug in with his left, fighting a little as he only had one free hand, but he had to hold Eli's hand with his other. Because Eli was their now. Finally. And he wouldn't let go again. ~*~ The End ~*~