heard Christopher planning with a spirit to take over Olympus. In one of the dreams, Daedalus pledged his loyalty to the group. I think it is him. Who else could even dream of producing a device to defeat a god?" Silence met this statement, indicating that everyone agreed. My mother sat in silence and I knew why. I had just indicted her hero and she couldn't defend him. I had a feeling I'd find laptop parts all over Hera's cabin tonight. "Nico, you said you were winning," Jim Davis said. "What happened to turn the tide?" "Christopher happened," Nico said. "He had spent most of the battle fighting Persephone, who was masterfully using her power over vegetation to stop his sword from hitting her. A couple of times I even thought she'd captured it. But eventually, he surprised her and nicked her side. One little cut and it was enough. Her howl of pain shook the cavern. She rose from the ground and began to glow. Then she turned into fine yellow dust and flew off to Tartarus. "My father bellowed in rage and found some new life, but he was too late. I fought through a couple of Chris's minions just in time to see him enter Tartarus' cave. Next thing I knew, all sorts of the worst creatures I had heard about were flying toward me and I panicked. I turned and ran toward my Dad's castle. One of the hell hounds he'd released followed me. I did the only thing I could, I stabbed my sword into the ground and created a pathway through the earth to Camp. The dog followed me and...well, you know the rest of the story I guess." Everyone leaned back and just looked at each other. Finally, Chiron said "Do you know the fate of Hades?" "No," Nico said. "But he was weak. Maybe he got to his chariot, maybe not. I'm not holding my breath though. Chris got Persephone without the monsters of Tartarus. Hades wouldn't stand a chance alone." "You have done well, Nico," Chiron said. "I should have died defending my father," Nico said. "It's what a hero would do." "Because you escaped, we now know what happened. This is a great advantage. Again, you have done well," Chiron said. "What could be gained by this?" Jet asked. "If the goal is Olympus, it seems like a massive waste of life." "A lot can be gained," Nico said. "With Dad out of the way, Chris controls the Underworld. He'll just regrow all of the dead he lost." "And remember the War," Percy said. "Hades showed up right outside Olympus. It would be impossible to defend the mountain for us." " Heroes look on as Olympus falls... ," I said, recalling the Great Prophecy. I'll tell you more about that later. "How can we fight if Chris can just show up behind our lines?" "A problem, but not the problem," my mother said. "What could possibly be worse than someone having access to Olympus with a god-defeating machine?" Jim Davis asked. "The real reason he would attack Hades," my mother said. "What's that?" Jet asked. "What else could there be?" "Because the throne...well, Chiron, you'd know more," she said. Chiron nodded. "When the metaphysical, big G God created the universe, He established governors over all the planets to ensure that the worlds ran properly. The governors had to answer to Him for their actions, but they were allowed to do what they saw fit. He created Ouranos to govern this world." "Then Kronos killed him," I said. "Don't say the name," Chiron said as thunder rolled overhead. "But yes, my father, the Lord of Time, killed him. But an ancient law stipulates that there must always be someone on the throne. Therefore, he sat on his father's throne and took it over. He moved it to Mount Orthys. Then Zeus defeated him and again took over as governor of the Earth." "But Zeus' throne is on Olympus, why attack the Underworld?" I asked. "Because Zeus' throne is not the only one to act like that," my mother said. "Remember that after the defeat of the Lord of Time; Zeus, Poseidon and Hades cast lots for their respective domains. That implies that the domains existed." "Every throne wants to be filled," Chiron said. "So once someone dies, the first person alive to sit on the throne gains its power. Hades would make sense considering his is the strongest true seat of power outside of Olympus." "So wait," Percy said. "Once Chris sits on Hades' throne he becomes god of the Underworld? Like with a true immortal form and everything?" "Let's hope he tries it," Chiron said. "Why?" my mother asked. "Because it would work," Chiron said. "And it would vaporize anything around him and himself. He is Master of the Underworld, but not a god. Only Zeus' throne has the power to make a mortal immortal. He will be god-like though, with every power necessary to do the job except immortality. That power is why he would attack the Underworld now." "So, in other words, he's taking Hades place," Jet said. "In a nutshell, yes," Chiron said. "And if he dies before capturing Zeus' throne?" Jet asked some hope in his voice. "Then the next person alive to sit on Hades' throne would become Master of the Underworld," Chiron said. "Let us hope that will be Nico." "So he controls Death?" Jim asked. "His army can't die?" "No, Death is something completely different," Nico said. "Hopefully Death can avoid Chris's forces. But he'd be able to summon them back pretty quickly." "What should we do?" I asked. "It's already been done," Chiron said. "I've called an emergency meeting of the gods on Olympus. Nico, you will need to come with me. I urge anyone of you willing to fight for Olympus to follow me as well." Chiron got up onto his four horse legs and walked out the door. Everyone followed.