of his hips. For once, he allowed the water to wet him, causing his skin to glister in the sun and his shorts to cling to his legs. For a little while, he had worried if going after his ex-girlfriend's brother was morally wrong. He had confided about that in Rachel, rather concerned about everything. But Rachel had told him, in her typical oracle-like cryptic way, that it would be alright. And why shouldn't it, after all. Annabeth was off being happy in New Rome, together with Reyna, visiting college there and staring a new life. So why shouldn't Percy get a shot at a happy ending too? Next thing Percy had done was call Annabeth – who had been gushing over the idea and wished them both the best. Now all Percy needed was to know whether or not Malcolm was even interested in him to begin with. But the blonde seemed to be avoiding Percy, so those weren't good signals Percy was getting there. So next thing he had done was ask Will, because there really were only four gays at camp that Percy knew of and two of them were still in the closet and a little awkward. And Jake was just awkward in general, because even though he was better than Leo with people, he was still rather bad at relationship-stuff and if not for Nyssa, Shane, Austin and Kayla who had done some quite active matchmaking between their older brothers, Jake would still be single. Which left Will as the perfect option. Oddly enough, Will had groaned annoyed and glared at him. And then he had advised Percy to try and seduce Malcolm and be offensive and teasing and all. Percy had no idea how to seduce someone! "Woah!", yelped Percy as he slipped on a slick stone and crashed face-forward into Malcolm. Yeah, that was how 'seduction' ended with Percy and he was so freakishly embarrassed about it. They both crashed down into the shallow water and Percy found himself with his face pressed against Malcolm's chest. Closing his eyes tightly, he gathered himself for a moment before he got up. The son of Athena had been so strong during the Giant War, as Annabeth's second in command he had been responsible for the Athena Cabin and thus taking quite charge of things. After all, Clarisse had been quite busy with a pregnant nymph at times, so the other head-strategist of camp had to step in. The leader of Athena. And looking at the shirtless Malcolm beneath him, Percy appreciated the training Malcolm had gone through ever since the Titan War. "Would you two like to be alone, or are you joining us for the game?", asked Jason teasingly. Nico snickered and threw the ball at them, hitting Percy. And all of a sudden, Malcolm found himself roped into a game with the little Big Three. And he was actually having fun. At least until the sky seemed to be coming down on them. The rain was cold and hard and nearly painful. "Shit!", yelped Nico and jumped. "Let's get out of here!" The son of Hades, who did not quite appreciate storms at all seeing as they were a mixture between Zeus and Poseidon and thus kind of his biggest enemy, was pulling Jason along so fast, Percy nearly missed it as he blinked. He just grinned and turned toward Malcolm. If he was being honest, he had kind of been interested in Malcolm even before. When Annabeth had been busy with her plans to redesign Olympus, Percy had mostly just been sitting obediently in her cabin, not bothering her. Malcolm had spend him company then, talking to him about movies and comics. Malcolm had even pushed Percy into reading a book. Granted, thanks to his abduction by Hera, he had never gotten around to finish Bartimaeus yet, but he planned on. One day. Maybe. "Oh, don't be silly, come to my cabin to warm up", chided Percy as Malcolm wanted to walk past. They had entered camp together and the son of Athena was really fighting against the rain, so why send him even farther through the cold rain? Smiling a little, he pulled Malcolm inside. The son of Athena blushed faintly as he found himself alone with Percy, in Percy's cabin, both dripping wet. "You can go ahead and shower, if you like", offered Percy. /break\ This is the part where you have to go to AO3 to read the good part, because trolls are trolls. The link to my AO3 account is on my FFNet profile, very much at the top. Here's the link to this story on AO3 (you just need to remove the - that I had to put in because FFNet doesn't display links): archiveofourown-.-o-r-g-/-works-/-3257078 /break\ They spooned and a ridiculously happy grin spread over Percy's lips as he snuggled up against the blonde behind him. Malcolm's arms were tightly wound around Percy, his nose buried in Percy's neck, smelling the delicious ocean-scent of his lover and relishing in the moment. "This feels so... unreal", whispered Malcolm softly, kissing along Percy's neck. "Well, I'll hope you'll get used to it soon", countered Percy, tuning enough to smile at Malcolm. "Because I really like this and I want more of it. And... more, in general." "More in general?", repeated the son of Athena a little confused. "Dates!", exclaimed Percy eagerly, grinning brightly. "I want you to take me out on dates. Fancy dinner, movies, walks along the beach. Oh, you have to meet my parents. And I don't know anything about your family. And not too much about you. But I want to. I want to know." "I'd like that", smiled Malcolm softly, incredibly happy. "But for now just... cuddling?" Percy hummed and closed is eyes. Malcolm still couldn't believe his luck, but he was surely looking forward to all the things Percy wanted, because he wanted them too. And finally, he'd get them. ~*~ The End ~*~