Hmm well that's a good thing then at least I wont have to bug her. And that offer about the shower does sound tempting, I feel all sweaty and dirty it is not pleasant plus my hair is a mess. I open the door and scurry down the hall to the bathroom closing and locking the door behind me. The shower is great ! Wow I will never again underestimate how awesome hot water feels. But I don't want to use all of it and hurry up, I use the cherry blossom shampoo and conditioner then turn off the water, I gather my hair and wring it out, getting out all the water making my hair nice and damp. I then get out and dry off. The tank top and shorts fit nicely then I realize I left my socks and shoes back in that bedroom and go back to put them on. Afterwards I go downstairs looking for them, I walk into what looks like a parlor ? Living room ? Whatever you call it and see a cheetah head mounted on the wall above a fire place. " Aww poor thing.." I pout a little but that is until it moved and growled at me. " Okay that's not cute !" I back up a little as it stares at me for a bit. I stare back and tilt my head to the side, suddenly it does the same thing. I move my head the other way and it does the same. " Huh, so..." " Ah you're up. Welcome Ms. Andrews." I turn around and see Mr. Burner wheel himself into the room. I smile relieved that he's all right but also at the same time confused. " Mr. Burner...I-" " I know you have a lot of questions, and that you may be a little confused." I nod as he gestures for me to sit down and I do, placing my hands in my lap. " Annabeth has told me what you remember." " Yes, I know I sound crazy but I know that's what I saw I know it was real." I look him in the eye, trying my best to make him believe me, he just stares back and nods. " Ms. Andrews, tell me. What do you think of this world ? As well as myths and fairy tales ? Do you believe that some of those Greek stories where real once upon a time ? Or where they all made from someones over active imagination ?" Once again I'm confused but I take a deep breath preparing an answer for such a question. " W-Well.. It's possible for such stories to be imaginary but the world is full of mysteries. And for each old fairy tale where possible answers to how we came into existence.. So it's possible that those stories where true..." I look up at him as he nods smiling a little. " I'm glad to hear that because this would be hard to explain if you didnt think that way." " Hard to explain ?" " You arent normal Jenna. Remember all of those stories of the hero's ? Hercules, Perseus, Theseus." ' Lotta us'es.' I thought in the back of my mind. (A/N: The line I used just now is not mine and belongs to Disney. :3 ) " Yes." " Well like them you have something in common." " Something in common. How is that ? They where hero's. Demi..." I stop as it all clicks. " Demigods." I stare at him a bit shocked. Did my favorite teacher just go crazy ? Or am I crazy ? " Demigods...You think I'm a Demigod..?" " No. I know you're a Demigod." He nods, his smile growing a bit, he places his hands on his lap then stands up. " Mr. Burner I thought-" " That I was paralyzed ? Oh that's just a cover up my dear." He chuckles as he stands up and the next thing I knew his pants where gone... Err wait that didnt sound right. I mean yeah his pants where gone and the only thing he had on was his shirt but instead of legs was a Freaking Horse Body ! My eyes widen and my jaw dropped as I stand up. " Woah ! Where did.. .I... What !?" I ask as he holds up his hands. " Calm down, take a deep breath." I do as he asks and exhale. " All right. Jenna you're a Demigod. I'm a centaur, my name is actually Chiron." " C-Chiron ? As if the Trainer of Hero's Chiron ?" " The one and only." Percy adds as he walks in smiling a bit. " This may be a lot to take in. I know and you where lucky you saw a cyclops when I found out it was after a harpy attacked me, and it that was disguised as my teacher." " Same difference." I shrug making him laugh a little as he stands in front of me. " Look all of those Greek myths about the gods and hero's. The satyrs, nymphs, cyclops, hydras, dragons, it's all real. If you want to we can show you." He smiles and places a hand on one of my shoulders, I look over at Mr. Burner- Chiron and he nods encouragingly, I look back at Percy, taking a deep breath I nod as he leads me out of the house. " Well. Welcome to Camp Half-Blood." ( BOOM ! IT IS DONE THE FIRST CHAPTER IS DONE ! WHAT ! Ahem. Well sorry about that guys had to get that out of my system so... Yea rate and review so I may live and get some inspiration for Chapter 2. Thank you guys, just wanted to let you all know that you're beautiful, and handsome and I love you guys so much ! And have a good day, night whenever you guys read this !)