the meta had thought about it—and thought against it. No new meta showed up in town, either—with fire powers or otherwise—and none of Jason's regular cases seemed to get the attention he was hoping for. Maybe, in trying to gain the meta's trust, he'd just scared him away. He had just been to see Leo at the hospital—last day before he was discharged—when he walked by a group of analysts on his way to his office. Annabeth, Grover and Percy, just like that day in the lounge. And the moment they noticed him, they fell silent, with Grover casting obvious glances his way. Jason would have ignored it, but his eyes caught Percy's for a moment before the analyst looked down. Green and familiar—he froze in place. Then, realize he was basically staring at them, he just resumed his way to his office. Had he just imagined that? It had been weeks—his memory of the meta and the color of his eyes could be hazy. And besides, many people probably had the same eye color. And the same flush on their cheeks? He couldn't pursue that train of thought because Annabeth all but followed him to his office and closed the door behind her. "Okay, spill." He turned back to stare at her. "What?" "First Percy claims he's kissed someone—for the first time in eight years after coming out—then after you leave he claims he was just making it up. Now this…whatever it was you did back there. What's going on?" What indeed? Was Jason even thinking of the same thing Annabeth was? "I can assure you I have no idea what you're talking about." "At first I thought he wanted to make you jealous. Then I realized he was doing a pretty shitty job at it, since he was all but avoiding you. Do you know how many times I've had to cover for him in the past weeks? Seventeen. All because he wouldn't work with a team you were on. So I figured, hey, that can't be it, right? Which leaves the other option. He kissed you , and when he realized you wouldn't own up to it, he backed out of it." She paused, but not long enough for Jason to answer—if he'd known what to say. "Oh God, I'm right, aren't I? That's really shitty of you, sir . Do you know how long it takes him to get out of his shell? And you're just going to toss him aside like that?" "Why don't you ask him?" Jason said. None of it seemed to fit, and yet, Annabeth's logic came as a confirmation of what Jason had just been suspecting himself. "Look, I can promise you I didn't do anything to hurt your friend." "Maybe that's what you think." "No, I mean I'm sure I did nothing wrong." Annabeth's eyes narrowed, but Jason didn't leave her time to argue. "I'm also pretty sure it's not the time nor the place." Annabeth let out a long breath, fuming. "Fine." She walked out, slamming the door shut behind her. Jason didn't really mind. Jason spent the rest of his day carefully crafting his plan. Finding an isolated area of the beach, where no agent would be nearby. Making sure his distress call would reach the right analyst, and calculating how long he would have to wait before sending a second message, confirming the false alarm, to prevent other FBI agents from barging in on the scene. There was no threat to fight when the meta in costume showed up—when Percy showed up, he corrected himself. Percy had to have noticed too. Jason was almost surprised when he emerged from the waves into the night air. "I wasn't sure you'd come out," he said, crossing the few steps that separated them. Percy took a step back, his feet landing squarely into the shallow water. "Don't. You did warn me you were luring me into a trap. I guess I had to see it for myself." "If this is a trap, I didn't really think it through, did I? No weapon, no protection, no backup?" He stepped forward, following Percy even as he retreated further into the water. Putting himself at his mercy. "The worst battlefield?" Percy finally stopped as the water reached his waist, and when Jason moved up against him, he didn't shy away. "Can I kiss you?" Jason asked gently. Percy huffed out a laugh, and he kissed Jason without answering. But when Jason's hand tangled into his hair and found the strap of his mask, he froze, and the waves pushed Jason back. "Don't," he said. "Don't do that." "I know, who you are," Jason said. "I know that. But the moment you say it—the moment you see me—everything changes." "Don't you trust me?" "I thought I'd made it clear last time. I don't trust me ." Jason had no idea what to say to that, so he remained silent. "Please…just go," Percy said, and Jason did. It was a surprise when Jason glimpsed Percy at the Bureau the next day. It wasn't like Percy had any reason to leave, but after knowing his identity was compromised, Jason had half expected him to disappear. But to Jason, it was an opportunity. He sent a message to Annabeth, and waited in the lounge all morning. Eventually, his patience paid off, and Percy was half-shoved inside. Percy saw Jason, and his eyes widened in open panic, but when he turned around, the door slammed shut before him. "We need to talk," Jason said. Percy turned to him, a deer-in-the-headlights look on his face, until his eyes fell on the two cups Jason was holding. They were lukewarm by now, but it was better than nothing. "Your friend thinks I hurt you. I wanted to fix that." "Are you—did you—" "Don't say anything," Jason said, softly, hoping he would get the hint. The moment you say it, everything changes . "I just want to get to know you."