the opportunity to run into the tall grass towards the bright lights. Monsters chased her but she felt a rush of energy surge throughout her body the closer she got to the jewel. She went from speed limping to jogging to full on sprinting towards the light. She felt invincible . The moment she reached the source of the power, she tried to pick up the jewel but it responded by sending horrible burning pains through her arms. Reyna screamed aloud and fell to her knees. Her fingertips were blue and burned badly, the jewel was obviously radiating some kind of energy that seemed to be too much for her naked skin to handle. The pain was lessening but it was far more than usual pains she's ever experienced. At least she faired better than the monsters that appeared from the tall grass. They tried to grab the artifact but their scaly skin morphed into diamond like skin that erupted into thousands of pieces leaving only clothing behind. When the pained died down, Reyna managed to stumble to her feet. She grabbed a jacket from a dead monster and wrapped the jewel with it. It seemed to only affect people through skin contact. The problem was that as soon as the radiation coming from the jewel had been covered any energy she had been given instantly was lost. Pain seared from the wound in her thigh and she could no longer find the will to stand up straight anymore. Reyna dove down into her Roman training and fought the urge to curl up in the fetal position and die. She willed herself to find a way from the chaos behind her. But first things first, sheer had to find Percy. Leaving him behind was not an option. The fields of grass were ablaze and she could hear the earpiercing screeching of monsters. Back on the main road and past the fields she finally found her way to the wreckage, but Percy was no where to be found once again. Reyna opened the front door to one of the SUVs and threw the jewel into the passenger seat. Before she had a chance to even turn around, the front window shattered and someone hit her from behind knocking her unconscious. Reyna watched through blurry vision as a man in gold armor went one on one with Percy in sword fight. It was an epic clash of metal that sent sparks that set off fires and caused nearby vehicles to explode. She had no idea who this guy was but he stood his ground against Percy. The fight went on for what felt like an eternity, the two were clearly evenly matched. Though Percys wounds put him at clear disadvantage. The standoff ended when the warrior was knocked from his feet by a blast of water. Reyna gained the strength to stand up, she looked over at him and Percy smiled. "I think...it's time we run." He suggested. Reyna nodded. "Get in the car." "Gimme a second," he replied. "I'm getting slow in my old age, baby." "Don't call me that." Reyna muttered. The two turned towards the car only to realize that the gold clad warrior was holding the jewel in his hands. Surprisingly he wasn't being disentegrated like the other monsters. This man held it like it was a battery. He seemed to enjoy the radiation it was emmiting. That was until Percy tackled the man and wrestled the jewel away. He kicked goldie in the face and slammed the blue rock on his temple repeatedly. Reyna watched in horror to what happened next. The orb began to pulse. Percy held the glowing jewel in both hands. It glowed blue vigorously and sent a powerful blast wave in every direction. Glass shattered, SUVs were sent flying, monsters erupted into gold dust, and two swords nearly impaled her when she hit the ground. "NO!" The bleeding warrior bellowed. Percy's eyed glowed blue and he let another wave of energy loose that burned every being within ten feet to ash. Reyna rolled behind the SUV just in time to avoid the wave. Percy cried allowed as a giant beam of pure energy pierced the sky and popped any light bulb in sight, leaving only the shine from the moon and stars. The orb exploded into a million pieces and Percy crumbled to the ground. "Percy!" Reyna shouted. She ran to his side and lifted him into her arms. His skin was turning solid blue and hardening into a diamond like texture very slowly. Reyna was crying. "You're gonna be alright, Percy. Come on, Percy, we just need to get you in a car t-then, um Chiron will know what to do. Please..." Percy smiled at her and Reynas heart dropped. "I think it'd be best... If I just...sat right here... With you." He struggled to speak. Reyna was choking on her words. "We have to find you help, Percy. Someone can help us, please...we have to try." He held his hand to her face. "I did something stupid today... I'm sorry I couldn't be here for you... Reyna." "You were, Percy." She sobbed. "Everytime I needed you the most, you always showed up. You were the only thing that I ever needed. I'm sorry I didn't realize that any sooner." "Reyna leaned in and kissed him. "I love you, Reyna." He whispered. Reyna managed another smile. Just as she was about to speak, Percy's face turned into a crystal statue frozen in time. "P-p-percy?" She whispered. "N-no, please gods no. Percy, please. I love you." Reynas heart dropped. His crystal silouhette crumbled in her arms. Percy Jackson, every molecule of him whatsoever, had just crumbled to pieces. All that was left behind of him was his pen. Reynas usual strong demeanor had completely dissovled now. Tears were rolling down her face and she silently sobbed holding the gold pen. That day, during the incident Percy Jackson was dead. An era had ended.