seemed to so not get along with Annabeth... just because of Percy? Calypso, sweet Calypso on her damned island. And Luke. Luke, who he had been developing a crush on but before he even had a chance to contemplate his feelings or their meaning, Luke had betrayed him and tried to kill him twice. Percy had thought it was Aphrodite's meddling, that the goddess was screwing up his life like that, using him like a puppet and pushing him around. But was it the author all along? Either way, maybe now Percy had a chance... to have an easy, uncomplicated life? Here, in this very weird and normal world. Maybe... with this very weird and normal boy...? /break\ When Nico woke up the next morning, it was because he had Alabaster's foot in his face, with a toe in his nose. Grunting annoyed, he swatted the foot out of the way and instead focused on the Percy sprawled out on top of him. Percy Jackson, clutching him like he was some kind of teddy bear. Sure, the demigod was leaving a giant drool-stain on Nico's shirt, but Nico really didn't mind. Smiling dumbly, Nico ran his fingers through Percy's hair and pulled the son of Poseidon closer. "Mornin'...", yawned Percy as he woke up, instinctively snuggling closer to Nico. "M—Morning?", offered Nico slowly, pausing with his motion. "No, don't stop the hair-thing. It's nice", whined Percy with a cute pout. "Gods, how are you so adorable?", asked Nico before his brain-mouth-filter activated. He took in a sharp breath and stared wide-eyed down at Percy, praying the powerful demigod wasn't going to strangle him. Percy blushed a bit and stared doe-eyed at him before sitting up some. He leaned over Nico, licking his lips very slowly – Nico's eyes followed the motion closely. "Yeah?", asked Percy softly. "You... like me. As... just a kind of... celebrity-crush, or...?" "Or", confirmed Nico embarrassed, nearly swallowing his tongue. "Very much of the 'or'." "Oh, for fuck's sake, just tell him you love him, you dork", groaned Alabaster and kicked Nico. "Yeah, because when the two of you are busy kissing, you won't be talking and we can keep sleeping", agreed Lou while yawning wildly before throwing a pillow at them. "Kissing sounds good", declared Percy, perking up a bit. "What do you think?" "I've been dreaming about kissing you for years now", admitted Nico, eyes fixed on Percy's pink lips. "But... I gotta admit that desire has been growing ever since I got to know-know you. Not just... your thoughts and life through the books, but... interacting with you. You're... perfect." "I'm gonna kiss you to shut you up now", warned Percy embarrassed. Nico grunted surprised at the force with which Percy was kissing him. Under the tired cheers and 'yay's of his – no, really, at this point their – friends did Nico wrap his arms around Percy's waist. "Oooh. That much for him not being your boyfriend, Neeks?" Percy and Nico bolted apart and turned to stare wide-eyed at Bianca, who was just passing Nico's room on her way to the bathroom, towels in hand and teasing grin on her face. Nico groaned and rolled over so he could hide his face in Percy's chest this time. /break\ Nico smiled faintly as he sat at the beach in Montauk, with Percy on his lap. The waves were lapping at them and every time they did, Percy would pull the water a bit closer, occasionally form animals out of the water and make them prance around. The Blofises had decided to go on a family vacation and due to a by now rather close friendship between Sally and Maria, the di Angelos had tagged along and both families had rented cabins next to each other. It was nothing like how Percy remembered it from his world, but he still liked it. It was still the sea, after all. Even though it felt different than the seas Percy had known, because these here didn't belong to a god. "They belong to you now", whispered Nico into Percy's ear. "We have no gods in this world. But you, as a demigod, are... kind of the new deity of the sea then, huh?" "Dork", snorted Percy with a slight blush. Nico hummed in agreement. Even after half a year of dating Percy, he was still completely overwhelmed by how magical, powerful and amazing his boyfriend was. Even after all this time, even in years to come, Nico would probably still fanboy about dating Percy Jackson. "So, the third movie about you hits theaters in a couple months", drawled Nico out, kissing along Percy's neck. "What do you say? We go and laugh at it?" Percy laughed softly and craned his neck enough to kiss Nico properly. "Sounds perfect." "Boys! Barbeque is ready! Please come before Paul and Ade start arguing about rare and medium rare again!", called Sally loudly as she emerged from between their cabins. "Coming, mom!", called Percy with a happy smile – a truly happy smile. For the first time in his life, he was truly happy. He was safe, had his family, new and good friends and he also had Nico. Yes, he missed his old friends, but he couldn't change that. All he could do was live in the now and enjoy the life he had – the love he had. And that, he enjoyed a lot. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: I feel like this should go without saying, but since administrator-san is worried about pairing bashing and some people do love to take things the wrong way and feel offended out of principle; Nico hating on Percabeth and basically any other pairing involving Percy/other-person-than-Nico represents the character's opinion, not the author's and is in no way meant as bashing. Quite obviously does a person not exactly like when the one they love is in a relationship with someone else, so Nico has a few choice words about it.