and the defiant pout on his lips. Grinning a bit, Nico leaned down and kissed the pout away, a slow and loving kiss as he slid his hands between their bodies and down to Jason's crotch. While one hand got busy with Jason's half-hard cock, the other slipped past the blonde's thighs and toward his hole. The grin turned nearly wicked as he felt the velvety skin and the twitch of the pucker. "W—Wait", grunted Jason, gripping Nico's upper arm tightly. "Yeah?", asked Nico concerned, trailing kisses along Jason's neck and collar. "Can you... be... uhm... It'smyfirsttime", muttered Jason embarrassed. It took Nico a moment to decipher what his kitten had just said, but when he realized, he grinned victoriously. And mashed their lips together in yet another passionate encounter. One finger easily slipped into the tight hole, though it caused the blonde beneath him to tense immensely. "Sh, you need to relax, gattino", whispered Nico, keeping his voice smooth and soothing. "I know how to make Jay relax, master." Both Nico and Jason froze, sudden guilt setting in. They had been so focused on each other and where to take this that they had sort of forgotten about Percy. Not really forgotten, just temporarily displaced. Now both turned toward Percy, with equally guilty looks. After all, Percy was Jason's mate and Percy was the kitten who had opened up more to Nico in the past four weeks, who already had made Nico fall deep and hard. They didn't want for Percy to feel left out or forgotten. Much to their surprise however did Percy look not the least bit put out. Quite the contrary, he looked eager and very tempting. All half-lid eyes, slightly open mouth, naked and still with the reminders of what had just recently happened. Red marks on his wrist, ass still cherry-red and sore, cum-strains on his thighs and sixpack. His black tail was swinging back and forth behind him, slowly and seductively. "Percy, I'm sorry", grunted Jason, trying to get up, but stopped by all the Nico all over him. "Why are you sorry?", asked Percy confused, tilting his head. "You're finally listening to me and accepting our master as ours and us as his . Then again, yes, you should be sorry. For starting without me. You should have woken me up! That's not nice." Nico felt a little invisible as Percy just went to straddle Jason's torso and lean down to kiss the blonde lovingly. Nico didn't mind, because that way he had a perfect view on Percy's abused ass, black tail raised high. Pleased with the view, Nico removed his one hand from Jason's cock to pat Percy's butt and gain the kitten's full attention. Percy yelped slightly and craned his neck to look over at Nico with the most adorable pout. Nico just smirked and squeezed a little. "Can I get a kiss too, Perce?", inquired Nico with a fond look. "Oh! Yes, master!", grinned Percy delighted and turned around. He laid his arms around Nico's neck and tilted his head, eyes closed. The kiss was equally tender, sweet and spicy. Nico caught Percy's lower lip with his teeth, nibbling just a little. Jason beneath them both didn't feel too neglected himself, because Nico was still fingering him, by now with three fingers, spreading and scissoring the blonde. After the kiss between Nico and Percy broke, Percy kissed down Nico's torso, leaving little possessive bite-marks all over the delicious olive-skin. Once he was done, he adjusted to lick the length of Jason's cock, kneeling over the blonde. "Mh, that does seem like a good method of making him relax", chuckled Nico amused. Jason groaned, completely blissed out. Nico was fingering him, Percy was sucking him off, yeah, he was completely satisfied. Running his hands over Percy's thighs, staring up at Percy's hard cock that was pointing down at him. Grinning a little, he leaned up and gave it a lick, surprising Percy. "Okay, okay, I think I've had enough", grunted Jason, wiggling his hips a little. Percy whined a little and got off Jason so Nico could slowly ease his way in. Instead, Percy laid down so he could kiss Jason softly, distracting him some from the pain. With his mate kissing him, Jason barely registered the pain. Once Nico was fully seated inside of him, he paused. While Nico waited, Percy got back to sucking Jason off, easily deep-throating his mate. As soon as Percy got Jason turned into a moaning mess, Nico started moving in a slow and well-aimed rhythm. "Now, tell me, do you like this?", asked Nico teasingly, caressing Percy's ass in a praising manner. The black-furred catboy bobbed his head, enjoying the little praises while Jason nodded wildly in agreement, head thrown back as he moaned loudly. Nico smirked as he picked up the pace, trying to hit Jason's prostate as often as possible. Percy twisted his tongue in that way he knew Jason loved the most and an instant later, the blonde came down Percy's throat. Percy did his best to swallow as much as he could while Nico rode Jason's orgasm out and came moments later deep inside the blonde. Both of them were panting hard as Nico pulled out and was instantly attacked by Percy, who was more than eager to clean up their human. Nico laughed softly as the force of Percy knocked him back onto his ass. He adjusted to pull Jason up against his chest while Percy's cunning tongue licked all the white stains off of both his lovers. "Enough now, kitten. Come here and cuddle with us", ordered Nico softly, pulling Percy into a kiss. Jason and Percy were purring loudly as they laid curled together against him from either side. He ran his fingers over their sides, smiling softly to himself as they fell asleep. This was home. This was what he had needed. Those two beautiful, loving catboys. They were his home. ~*~ The End ~*~