grinning at the beautiful smile on Percy's lips. "Yeah. We could... I don't know, well, who knows, maybe our parents will have demigod children by then again and we may end up adopting them? Or a mischievous little kid of Hermes or something?" There was an odd frown on Percy's face as he shook his head. "Oh. Uhm, I thought... own kids...?" Nico mirrored Percy's frown. "Well, like I said, we could talk about it way in the future, when it actually comes to it. Though to be honest I'm not the biggest fan of surrogates. We'd have some kids being yours and some being mine, but... I think I'd prefer to just adopt a kids that's... neither of ours, because I kind of fear there'd be favoritism. Not sure in which direction, like if I'd try to coddle up more to your biological children, trying to make up for the lack of DNA link, or..." "No, I mean, own kids, yours and mine", interrupted Percy and blinked slowly. "It's why I insisted that whenever we have sex, we will use condoms. So I don't end up as a teen mom." It took Nico a moment to process this information. "Wait... You... c—can get... p—pregnant?" "Uhu", nodded Percy, adapting a frown again. "It's a thing. I mean, a power of mine. I dunno, I kinda expected this to be a thing you'd know, what with your early on obsession with Mythomagic and how you delved into mythology after you learned you're a demigod. Think about it, Aphrodite was born to the sea, simply because a torn-off dick was tossed into the ocean. That's all it took for the sea to give birth to the goddess of love. My dad once got impregnated by a male god too. The sea is fertile, life-bearing, and so are its children. It doesn't matter that I'm a guy." Percy paused, studying Nico's face carefully. "Are... Are you freaking out? Please don't freak out on me!" "N—Not freaking out. Just... taking in the information", grunted Nico slowly. "That's... uhm... Okay. That's amazing. I never... never thought about having own children, not since I realized I'm gay. This is... really very incredibly amazing. I think I may love you even more right now." Percy blushed and ducked his head embarrassed, blushing a bit before grinning softly. "Well, what kind of queen would I be if I couldn't offer my king any heirs, mh?" Nico laughed heartedly and kissed Percy deeply, conveying all the love he felt. /omake\ Nico groaned and popped his neck as he returned from school. High school was hell, but he managed, because he knew Percy was waiting for him at their villa. When Nico unlocked the door and entered, he didn't even get the chance to call out for his lover, because Percy already stood there, looking very guilty and shifting nervously. He was wearing the school girl uniform with the too short skirt and Nico's eyes instantly darkened as he saw that. He loved that outfit and he knew exactly what it meant that Percy was waiting for him in this specific costume. "Hello, sir", mumbled Percy and bit his lips shyly. "I—I... I know I failed the test, but can I do anything to make my grades go up, Mister di Angelo? Anything at all ?" Percy knew how much Nico hated that teacher he had today and he knew how hard this week had been on Nico and he knew how much Nico loved it when Percy dressed up. Nico's eyes softened as he kissed Percy deeply. He appreciated how his lover was trying to lighten his mood. "Well, a naughty girl like you who doesn't learn her lesson first of all needs to be taught a lesson", grunted Nico with a stern frown. "Go to my office, bend over the desk and stick your ass out. Wait like that for me until I come for you. Don't move. Am I understood?" Percy grinned brightly and skipped down the hall. Nico rolled his eyes and got rid of his tie. It was to cheer Nico up, but in the end Percy enjoyed his spankings probably more than Nico did. Nico took his sweet time to approach his waiting lover. At the desk, Nico grasped the wooden ruler there and ran it slowly up Percy's thighs, making him shudder. Without further delay, Nico started to let the ruler come down hard on Percy's ass and thighs, barely pausing between the hits. He knew Percy loved his spankings like that the most. Percy was a whimpering and sobbing mess by the time the beautiful firm ass was dark red. Nico loved listening to the cute little sounds and to the echo of the slaps, he loved watching how the pale skin turned a dark ruby red, one shade at a time. "Okay. That's enough for today", declared Nico, cautiously rubbing the tears off Percy's cheeks. Nico's office was normally off-limits for Percy, since it was for Nico to concentrate on work. They did have a special play-room to make things easier for Percy now that they were living together. But some session, especially themed ones, they'd move to a different room. They had agreed on that. Gathering Percy up in his arms, Nico carried him over to the couch in the corner, placing Percy on his lap and resting his hands on top of the nicely heated flesh, squeezing a little. Percy whimpered and buried his face in Nico's neck. Nico suspected that he wasn't the only one who has had a hard day. When Percy initiated a session involving a spanking, it was normally about Percy wanting to drown out something or seeking punishment for something he thought he had done wrong. Nico found himself incredibly grateful to be in the position of stabilizing Percy and helping him through life. Smiling tenderly, Nico placed a soft kiss on top of Percy's head. This was true happiness. ~*~ The End ~*~