bit embarrassed. "I... feel better sitting in your lap and..." "You don't need to justify yourself, darling", murmured Nico soothingly, trailing kisses along Percy's neck. "If you want me to hold you a while longer, I'm glad to do that." Nico watched with hawk eyes how Percy's nimble fingers with much preciseness finished what looked like a delicious parfait. Nico's arms remained around Percy's waist the entire time, until Percy was done and Nico reached out to get one spoon out of the cupboard. Percy raised one confused eyebrow, at least until Nico scooped up white cream and a raspberry and offered it to Percy. With pink cheeks did Percy open his mouth and accept the treat. They ate in companionable silence, Nico feeding the both of them until the dessert was gone. "That was very delicious", praised Nico pleased. "Shall we move this to my bedroom?" Grinning cheekily, Percy laid his arms around Nico's neck, holding on tight. Rolling his eyes fondly, Nico lifted Percy up and carried him upstairs to his bedroom, where he sprawled his baker out on the bed. Percy more than eagerly spread his legs in invitation. But before Nico joined his lover, he shed his own clothes, leaving them on a pile on the ground as he crawled into the bed. "I'm going to make love to you now, amore", whispered Nico softly, watching Percy relax. He ran his fingers over Percy's thighs, grasping them and lifting them up so they were bent. Then Nico went to get the lube from his nightstand. Spreading a lot of it over his dick, just to make sure, he leaned down to kiss Percy again. While their tongues battled for dominance, Nico cautiously pulled the vibrator out of his lover. As they parted, he shook his head a little in astonishment and put the toy aside. Percy grinned sheepishly up at him – and Nico fell just a little more in love with the baker. Taking a deep breath, Nico slowly eased his way into the tight hot channel of his boyfriend. He groaned blissfully – fingering the baker was one thing, but feeling him around his dick? Incredible. So much better than anything he could have pictured. It took all his willpower to hold back once he was deep inside his lover. He distracted himself by kissing Percy again, rougher this time, biting Percy's lips hungrily. Percy groaned into their kiss, rolling his hips in a silent demand and baring his neck in a pleading offer. Nico obeyed both; trailing kisses down Percy's jawline and slowly starting to rock his hips back and forth. Movement slow at first, Nico picked up the pace soon. It was too good, so tight, squeezing Nico's cock like that. "F—Fuck", groaned Percy, eyes squeezed tightly shut. "N—Need to come, please!" "Sh, I know, mio prezioso", cooed Nico tenderly. "I know, it's been five days, right? Come for me." His fingers were so cunning as they ran up and down Percy's aching cock and the way Nico repeated to hit his prostate was driving the baker positively insane. When the fire fighter circled the head of Percy's cock and teased his slit, Percy couldn't help but whimper and come into his lover's hand. Nico groaned strangled as Percy's muscles contorted around his dick. Jerking forward one last time, Nico came deep inside his boyfriend, crashing their lips together during his orgasm. Only when he came down from his high did Nico roll off his lover and held onto him tightly. Percy hummed contently, snuggling up to his boyfriend, palm spread out right over Nico's heart. "That... That was worth the wait", whispered Percy breathlessly. "Can we repeat it soon?" Chuckling fondly, Nico slipped his hands down to rest on the still heated and sore ass, squeezing it until Percy whimpered softly. While occasionally squeezing, Nico slipped his fingers to the loose, cum-oozing hole, playing with it. Percy buried his face in Nico's chest in embarrassment. The small smile on Percy's lips however told the fire fighter that Percy bathed in the attention. "Do you... Do you want to move in with me?", asked Nico after about half an hour of naked cuddling and Nico playing with Percy's ass. "I—I know you have a couple apartments picked out to look at soon. I know both of us are annoyed that we never have privacy when we're at your place. I am very, very annoyed that I don't get to see you as often as I'd like. I know I enjoy this, right now, just holding you. I'd like to do that every night possible." For a moment, he was afraid Percy would say no, or laugh at him, but then Percy looked up at him with happily sparkling eyes, heaving a relieved sigh. " Finally . I've been waiting for you to ask for like weeks now! What do you think why I put looking for a place off so much? I got the insurance money a month ago. But... I kept thinking about living all on my own again and how much I'd hate it and how much I like your sisters and Frank and Leo by now and how much I'd like to fall asleep in your arms, how much I'd want to be able to spend more time with you." Nico blinked slowly before grinning. That was just such a Percy-thing to say. Smiling, Nico leaned down to capture Percy in a deep, slow kiss, conveying all the love he held for his boyfriend. He grew giddy at the thought, the picture of coming home not just to his family but to his love. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Well then, I hope you enjoyed this little AU! This is what happens when I'm ODing on the Chicago franchise. Next update will be on Saturday again, this time it's "Chasing Fireflies" turn and after that, I am hopeful that I'll be able to regain my Wednesday/Saturday schedule again.