each holding a stack of candy canes. Jason just lowered another one into Percy's ass where, as far as Percy could see, already ten sticks were pointing out of. His blush darkened even more as Nico pushed an additional cane in. "W—What in the world are you doing?!", exclaimed Percy embarrassed. "You said you like playing with candy canes. It was an intriguing image and when Jay and I woke up this morning, our knots having gone down and cocks slipping out of your loose, sloppy hole, you whimpered so pathetically at the loss, we figured we'd need to fill that hole again", replied Nico. "And then we turned it into a game", shrugged Jason, adding yet another candy cane. "Because one cane was so not enough after how much our knots stretched you. So we wanted to see how many we could fit into you and how many it would take to wake you up. But you are such a wanton little slut, you just moaned and bucked up against the canes when we added more." "H—How many...?", asked Percy, ears burning with his humiliation. "This one is the fifteenth", stated Nico, ramming the next one into the stretched ass. Percy gasped as all of them got driven deeper into him with the harsh thrust, rubbing against his prostate. Jason chuckled and stood, leaving the room for a moment, while Nico poked various canes with his finger to push them in deeper until they all were deep enough inside so Nico had a view on the snugly stretched pucker again. Jason returned, holding a pretty dress and a pair of pink silken panties with a cute, little bow in the front. Nico leaned down to kiss Percy's cheek and suckle on one of the canes before he too got up from the bed. "Come on, little angel. Time to get dressed. We should tell your father that you are not leaving Olympus again. You're our angel and we're not giving you back", ordered Nico seriously. "A—And the... canes...?", asked Percy confused. "They are staying inside of you until we get back home and we'll replace them with our cocks again", declared Jason amused. "Gotta keep that greedy hole well-fed, don't we? Now get dressed." Percy's blush intensified as he took the dress and the panties and slowly got dressed. The canes inside of him shifted at every movement, poking and rubbing against his prostate in a torturous way. His two dominants looked rather pleased and also kind of wicked as they looked at him. /break\ They found Poseidon in the main house of the Ruperts, sitting together with Hades and Persephone, chatting away. Percy was blushing furiously as he tried to figure out what to say. But Jason and Nico easily took that decision away from them, both sneaking their arms possessively around his waist, pulling him close between them and kissing his cheeks encouragingly. "Father, mother, uncle Poseidon, with all due respect, but Percy is staying in Olympus", stated Nico calmly. "He's ours and no one will take him away from us again. Right, little angel?" "Y—Yes", nodded Percy flustered, staring onto the ground. "That's... good, my boy", smiled Poseidon and stood to hug Percy tightly. "All I want for you is to be happy. I wanted to take you home with me because I thought you weren't, but if you are happy here, then I won't force you to leave, of course. I love you, Percy." "I love you too, daddy", mumbled Percy, wrapping his arms around Poseidon's neck. "...Does it smell like candy canes in here...?", asked Poseidon confused, looking around. /break\ Christmas Eve itself was kind of boring for Percy, seeing as Jason and Nico were out to bring toys and coal to the children of the world. While Percy's only job had been the reindeer who of course were out pulling the sleight right now. Nico's and Jason's sleight. After all, Zeus' was being pulled by Rudolph and his friends, but his sons had their own sleights. Percy had fallen asleep in boredom at one point, only waking up again when Nico and Jason returned from their rounds, shushing each other as they tried not to wake Percy. They truly were the most adorable idiots ever. Smiling a little, Percy cracked one eye open to look around. His smile faltered, replaced by a stunned expression when he noticed the piles of presents around him. "Our last stop on our tour", grinned Jason brightly. "And since you were so well-behaved this year, you get a lot of presents. Don't you want to open them, little angel?" Percy took another moment to appreciate the sight of Jason in his red work-outfit, with the white fur-rim, while Nico was wearing his black, mysterious cloak. They were so hot. Still, presents! Eager like a little boy, Percy started to rip wrappings off and unpack everything. At the end of it all, he found himself blushing because he was buried under a pile of dildos, vibrators, plugs, anal-beads, naughty costumes, collars, leashes, whips, paddles and handcuffs. He glared at them. "We may have chosen your presents after our own taste", grinned Nico, kissing Percy. "But we hope you like it nonetheless. Merry Christmas, love", added Jason, also kissing Percy. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Merry Christmas to you all! This was a little inspired by the show "Grimm", what with them turning the brothers Grimm into a race, in a way. So I thought, why not turn Santa into a race? And due to cultural differences, I think I'll explain Nico's race a little more. We get our gifts on Christmas Eve from the Christkind, but the dude known as Santa Clause, aka Sankt Nikolaus (Nicholas in English), brings the gifts on the sixth of December, together with his counter part Ruprecht (Rupert in English), who punishes the naughty kids by giving them coal. So, the punishing part fit so nicely for Hades and his side of things.