inquired Nico curiously, also leaning in some. "On the side, yeah", confirmed Percy, amusement dancing in his eyes. "I own this shop and if you teach surfing classes, it helps if you know how to reanimate the idiot customers who think they can learn how to surf without knowing how to swim. Which, yes, happens more often than you'd think." Nico smiled charmingly and tried taking Percy's hand in a way to get closer, only to realize the young man's hand was wrapped in gauze. "What happened to your hand?" "Oh. I cut it cooking dinner last night", laughed Percy a bit embarrassed. "So... you wanna buy a surf-board while you're here, or did you just want to say thank you?" "I wanted to ask you out on a date", blurted Nico out, locking eyes with Percy. "Sure", shrugged Percy with an easy grin. "I'm busy tonight, but... tomorrow I get off at five?" "Okay", nodded Nico a bit wide-eyed, surprised by how easy that had been. Mike had been telling Percy to relax and take life easy for years now and that was exactly what Percy planned on doing. Especially when meeting this gorgeous, adorable Italian. How could he say no when Nico had asked him out so cutely? The Italian was only on the island for a vacation, but Percy was going to make the best of it. In the following three days, they had gone on three dates and Percy had to admit, he really enjoyed spending time with Nico. And not just him. Their second date had been a lunch date due to Percy being busy with work but still wishing to squeeze in a date a day due to the time-limit on Nico's stay, so Percy, Nico and Leo had gone to an ice-cream parlor and Nico had been insanely adorable around Leo. When Percy had asked him about it, Nico instantly got his phone out and showed off photos of his little half-sister Hazel, who was around Leo's age and who Nico quite obviously worshiped, judging by the pride in his voice. Normally, meeting Leo chased guys off, because not many wanted to get involved with a single dad. Suffice to say, Percy was kind of falling for Nico – which was not good, because Nico was going to leave again soon. Which meant that Percy was even more determined to spend more time with Nico. /break\ Nico felt rather blindsided when he arrived at the beach for his fourth date with Percy. When he walked up to Percy, he saw a beautiful pair of black wings on Percy's back, the same kind of wings as he had on his wrist. Though it got even harder when he walked around Percy and Percy stared stunned at the merboy on Nico's chest. Leo smiled brightly up at Nico and yelped. "Look, daddy! It's your little merboy!", exclaimed Leo, pointing at Nico's soulmark. Nico watched how Percy subconsciously wrapped his left hand around his right wrist, which was still wrapped in gauze. Nico's eyes widened dumbly as he slowly sat down next to Leo on the blanket, staring borderline helplessly at Percy, who smiled nearly shyly at him. "So... you...", started Percy before grabbing Nico's wrist and gently tracing the raven-wings in a circle that Nico had there. "You couldn't at least roll your sleeves up?! Seriously, how do you even walk around Hawaii in a suit all the time? I could have seen this days ago. You... argh." "You're... not just my guardian angel, you're my... my... little merboy", whispered Nico in awe. "You're my guardian angel", argued Percy, vaguely motioning at his own back. "You literally gave me wings. Oh god. Wait. I'm... I'm dating my soulmate. How is that a thing?" Nico's eyes wandered down to Percy's wrist, still wrapped and thus covering his soulmark. Percy groaned and threw his head back in utter frustration. Then, both of them resumed staring at each other awkwardly, unsure how to proceed now. Thankfully enough, they had Leo. "Kiss", demanded Leo and tugged on Nico's arm. "You need to kiss daddy now!" Nico and Percy blushed furiously before they very slowly leaned in and kissed. It wasn't their first kiss, but it felt so much more intense now that they knew they were soulmates. Percy nearly melted against Nico as he laid his arms around the Italian's neck and Nico sighed relieved into their kiss. /One Year Later\ "Papà, can we go play with Frank?", asked Leo, tugging on Nico's curls. Nico, carrying Leo on his shoulders, winced and agreed. He had moved to Hawaii the week after his vacation was over, first staying with Leo and Percy before they got a bigger place together. He still preferred wearing his suits, even though his soulmate and fiance enjoyed making fun of him. Nico opened his own practice in Kaua'i, went to the beach with his lover and their son, he basically just got to enjoy life in a way he never thought. He never thought he would live on an island with the beach in his backyard, a laughing, hyperactive little son and a beautiful true soulmate. "Tomorrow, bambino. Dad's cooking dinner", argued Nico as they reached home. "We're home!" "Perfect timing, my boys", called Percy back with a bright smile as he peeked out of the kitchen. Nico put Leo down and kissed Percy gently – and in that moment, he knew he was home . ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: I genuinely kinda feel like this is a bit of a let-down after the soulmate AU I wrote for Shadowhunters? But after I wrote that, I was emotionally drained myself and just needed all the sugary fluff, so I wrote this. And dads!Nicercy are the best fluff there is. I'll end up writing a more heart-breaking and heart-wrenching soulmate AU at one point anyway, you know me, I always write, but for now pure sugar for everyone ^o^v *hands out tiny cuddly Leos*