the vibrator into his lover. He knew Percy liked a bit rougher preparation – he had asked Nico to entirely skip it a couple of times already, something Nico adamantly refused to do. But he did usually just use two fingers right away, knowing how much Percy liked the burn. The vibrator easily slipped in and Nico started moving it around, wiggling it until he found Percy's prostate – that find was easily confirmed by Percy's uncontrolled moans. After a little while, Percy started bucking up, rubbing his dick against Nico's sixpack. Nico smirked at the frustrated little whimper coming from Percy. "L—Lemme come, Nico", pleaded Percy, turning his normally very effective puppy-eyes on Nico. "Not yet, babydoll", whispered Nico darkly, tugging on Percy's earlobe. "You're gonna be a good boy and wait until I'm inside you, until I'm filling you up with my cum." That had been their first step into naughtier than vanilla territory. A month ago, they had talked about doing it bareback. They had gone to the doctors, made sure they were really clean. Turned out Percy really liked being filled with cum. He whimpered at the words, nodding wildly. "Good boy", whispered Nico, feeling as though those were the right words here – and judging by the way Percy went boneless beneath him, they actually were. "You like that?" "The being filled thing? Duh. We've talked about this weeks ago", huffed Percy embarrassed. "The 'good boy' part", corrected Nico, raising one eyebrow. "You like when I call you that?" After a beat, Percy nodded reluctantly, face red. "I... I like the... uh, validation? Feeling like I did something right. Like... I'm appreciated? Scars from the past and all that stuff." Nico nodded sharply, not wishing to go into detail about a) abusive stepfather, b) manipulative gods and c) two wars. He knew exactly where Percy's need for appreciation rooted from and he cursed himself for not having figured that out sooner. Leaning down again, Nico started peppering Percy's face and neck with soft kisses while slowly moving the vibrator inside his lover. "You're very much appreciated, Perce", whispered Nico. "My precious, precious Sea Prince. You're so good for me, letting me do this to you. Trusting me like that. My good boy." He kept whispering sweet praises until Percy seemed to melt beneath him. Only then did he pull out the vibrator, which earned him the cutest little whimper and pout from Percy. Grinning amused, Nico tried to kiss the pout away while lubing up his cock. "C'mon, no pouting, Perce. You get something way better", promised Nico. "That sounds good", hummed Percy in appreciation, tugging on the handcuffs because he wanted to lay his arms around Nico's neck. "Aw. Untie me so I can touch you, Nick?" "Nope. Tonight, you're all mine. All the touching is my privilege. You're my present for my first Independence Day, aren't you? Kinda ironic how un-independent you are being right now", smirked Nico as he grasped Percy's thighs. "Tonight, you're mine to touch." Percy mewled at that, closing his eyes in bliss. "Then at least do more of the touching!" Percy wiggled around under the vibrating eggs, nipples slowly growing too sensitive and a little sore. Then again, Percy actually liked that. He loved when Nico left him sore one place or another, as a reminder of their love-making. A drawn-out moan slipped from his lips as Nico finally pushed in. The thick, warm hardness spread him more and more as it entered him deeper and deeper. Nico kissed him deeply, swallowing all his moans, as he waited for Percy to adjust. Once he felt as though Percy was well-adjusted, Nico started thrusting in sharp angles. Percy moaned and whimpered every time Nico hit his prostate and after a while, he couldn't endure it anymore. "P—Please, Nico! I really need to come! Please, please, please", begged Percy desperately. "Tell me why I should let you come", demanded Nico teasingly, hands on Percy's cock. "B—Because I'm your good boy? I was good, right? So reward me, please?", requested Percy. Nico looked thoughtful for another moment before slipping the cockring off and smiling at Percy. "Yes, you are. You're my good boy. You were very good tonight, so you do deserve a reward." Percy sighed relieved as Nico started pumping his cock in the rhythm of his thrusts. Within seconds did he come hard all over both their bodies. He collapsed back in his bonds, breathless and boneless. Nico's thrusts grew harder and deeper as he enjoyed the way Percy tightened up around him. Only a couple thrusts later did Nico follow his lover and filled Percy up with his come. The warm sensation made Percy hum contently. While riding out his orgasm, Nico marveled at how beautiful Percy looked beneath him like that. Percy was positively debauched and it was gorgeous. Huffing pleased, Nico slowly pulled out of Percy, but not without grabbing the butt-plug – he had quite the hunch how that particular item had found its way into Percy's shopping bag, seeing as Percy liked being full. The content humming grew louder as Nico plugged him. Nico started peppering Percy's torso and face with kisses while slowly pulling the duct-tape and eggs off before turning them off. After putting them aside, Nico cautiously unlocked the cuffs and gathered Percy in his arms, hugging him tightly and kissing his forehead and cheeks softly. "Happy Independence Day", whispered Percy as he snuggled up to Nico. "You liked it?" "Which part?", snorted Nico amused. "The great food, the fun evening, the beautiful fireworks or the mind blowing sex with my amazing boyfriend who trusts me so much and amazes me even more? Because I gotta say, if all Independence Days are like that... It's my new favorite holiday." Percy laughed at that, obviously pleased as he adjusted to rest his cheek on Nico's chest. Nico was right though, the evening really had been perfect all around. ~*~ The End ~*~