want." "And what do you want?", inquired Leo curiously. "I want Nico di Angelo", stated Percy firmly, cheeks red. "So I am going after Nico di Angelo." "...Nico?", asked Leo a little surprised. "He's so dorky and sexy", sighed Percy with a dreamy expression. "The other day, we talked like for an hour about whose side we're on in Civil War, you know? I've never had a philosophical conversation about the MCU. It was awesome. He gets so enthusiastic about the stuff he likes, it's like he becomes a totally different person, you know? All glowing and rambling, compared to his normally more... secluded dark self. Though I like both. He has this bad boy charm. And when he speaks Italian? I just... melt. It's insanely hot, really..." "I hadn't realized you're into him that much", teased Leo amused. "Well then, go get him." "I have plans", nodded Percy determined, taking a shaky breath. /break\ Nico was sulking. And this time, he wasn't even denying it. Hades, Bianca and Frank were wisely walking around him and not talking to him, because he would be ripping off heads today if talked to wrongly. Percy had asked out Will Solace for a date. Nico glowered a little more dangerously. "Uhm... Hello? Anyone... alive in here?" The sudden voice of Percy Jackson interrupted Nico's sulking and he perked up with a confused look on his face. Percy grinned brightly as he walked over to Nico, with two coffees and a bag. "Percy. What... brings you here? Did someone die?", asked Nico concerned. "No. No one died, but... you didn't show up this morning to get your coffee, so I figured you must be busy and decided to drop by", declared Percy with a nearly shy smile. "Here you go." Nico blinked slowly – mildly aware of everyone else watching them – before he took the coffee and the bag. When he opened it, he had to smile, even though smiling wasn't his standard facial expression. It was a cupcake. With black frosting and a cute little hard-sugar skull on it. "You... like my cupcakes. I wanted to bake you one especially for you", explained Percy flustered. "...That... That is very thoughtful of you", whispered Nico surprised. "Thank you." Percy took a deep, slow breath and fixed Nico with a determined look that startled the Italian a little. "Do you like me? Like-like, I mean. Because I'd like to go on a date with you. If... If you're interested. But... I mean, you don't have to. And if you're not interested, just forget I said anything." "Date? You and me?", asked Nico stunned, eyes wide. "How come? I mean, yes. Yes. But..." Percy smiled brightly – the most blinding smile Nico had ever seen in his entire life – as he nodded. "I... Well, the thing is, I've been getting those anonymous roses for the past weeks and I was wrecking my brain to find out who may like me. Yesterday, Hazel told me I may meet my secret admirer at the vet. And then I figured, since Will was flirting with me, I thought it was Will and I embarrassed myself by asking him out. Even though I'm not even really romantically interested in him. So, last night, I decided that I am so done with that secret admirer and instead of chasing after who may or may not possibly like me, I decided to instead chase after who I like. And I like you." Percy jumped slightly as all of a sudden, everyone around them started snorting and laughing like Percy had just made the most hilarious joke ever. Frowning confused, the baker turned back to Nico. Was it that funny to think that Percy had a shot with Nico, or what...? "Come on. Say it, Niccoló", prompted Hades agitated. "We have heard it often enough, after all." There was a cute blush on Nico's cheeks and Percy wondered what he'd have to do to put it there more often. "I... would like to go on a date with you. Multiple dates, even. Because, uh, I'm kind of... your... secret admirer. I asked Hazel to dye the roses for you and I left them there in the mornings. Because... I'm not... good at this ." "Oh", whispered Percy dumbfounded. "You're... Oh." "For the love of everything holy, would you two please just kiss?", groaned Bianca annoyed. Nico looked down at the cute little cupcake in his hands. Percy had made one especially for him. Percy liked him. Nico had managed to make Percy like him. Somehow. Looking up again, Nico took in how his cute baker shifted around, looking at Nico's face curiously. "So... if you like me and I like you... can we listen to your sister?", asked Percy hopefully. Nico nodded sharply, laying one hand into Percy's neck to pull him close until he finally got to taste those pink, bow-shaped lips. They tasted like frosting, suggesting that Percy had tried his cupcakes before bringing Nico one. Percy sighed into the kiss and leaned forward against Nico. "So... You and me, a date? Tonight?", asked Nico softly against Percy's lips. "Yeah. Yeah, that... sounds great", nodded Percy, grinning. /break\ Nico was a bit awkward during their date, but after the salad, he eased up and realized that all he had to do was do what he had always done. Just talk to Percy. And Percy really enjoyed that. He was a little disappointed that he didn't find a blue rose in front of his shop the next morning though. But then Nico suddenly stood at the counter, the first customer of the day, smiling and with a blue rose in his hands. Percy gave him a shy smile in return before he took the offered rose. "I really enjoyed last night", started Nico slowly. "Did... you too...?" The smile turned into a bright grin as Percy leaned over the counter to kiss Nico. "Very much so." ~*~ The End ~*~