Idiot", muttered Percy annoyed. "And yes. Bed sounds nice about now. Carry me?" Octavian snorted, but he obeyed. Godhood had, thankfully enough, given him godly strength, because there was no way he would have been able to carry the hero. The way things were, Octavian could easily lift Percy bridal-style and carry him back inside from their star-gazing-picnic-nest on the balcony. As soon as Percy was on the bed, he sneakily tugged Octavian's shirt off before lifting his own arms demandingly. There was a giant teasing grin on his lips, lasting for as long as it took Octavian to strip the son of Poseidon down. As soon as Percy was naked, the Sea King spread out on the bed, stretching lasciviously. Octavian's eyes darkened as he drank in the sight. "Shall we get a head-start before Lucas returns, Perseus?", inquired Octavian amused. "That was the plan, Tavy", grinned Percy and wiggled his eyebrows. Snorting, Octavian went to fetch the lube. Octavian smirked as he saw how Percy spread his legs in invitation. The son of Poseidon had grown onto him too fast and too hard. Luke was supposed to be his one and only. The only person for him to care about. And somehow, Luke had burdened him with all of those people. Ethan and Alabaster were... enjoyable company, so was Annabeth actually. Percy was endearing and lovely. Sedanur was worth worshiping. "Well, darling, what is it you want tonight?", inquired Octavian, sitting down next to Percy and running his fingers over Percy's thighs. "You've had a very hard day today, didn't you? Want me and Lucas to take proper care of you? Just tell me what we can do for you tonight." Percy smiled pleased by that. His day had been long, he had spent most of it negotiating treaties in the underwater palace, trying to end a gang war between dolphins and beluga whales. Because that was his life now. It sounded amusing, but it had been hard and exhausting and long-lasting. Spreading his legs some more, Percy pulled Octavian down into a kiss. "I want you to fuck me a bit. Until Luke comes. And then I want him to joining you", said Percy. Octavian's eyes darkened in hunger. He hastily lubed his cock up and slipped his hands around Percy's waist to reach his ass, kneading it a couple of times before his fingers found Percy's waiting hole. At first Octavian only teased, the touch light and rhythmic, but since Percy promised them a big night just now, Octavian wanted more and he wanted it fast. Grasping Percy's ass-cheeks, he pulled them apart as he lined up with the tight hole. Percy liked the stretch and burn of not being so well-prepared. Octavian grunted as he thrust hard and sharp and deep. Percy moaned and threw his head back as Octavian assumed a fast and punctured pace, aiming for Percy's prostate. "Ah. So you started the fun without me", noted Luke amused as he entered. "I'm just getting him warmed up for you, darling", countered Octavian. "Why don't you join me?" "Oh? Is that an actual offer?", asked Luke intrigued as he started stripping down. Once naked, he crawled onto the bed to his lovers, watching in fascination how beautiful Octavian and Percy looked together, the pale augur fucking the tanned hero hard, both looking blissed-out. Octavian gripped Percy's butt harder and lifted him up, practically offering Percy's ass to Luke. Luke smirked, looking like a hungry lion as he lubed his cock up and leaned against Percy's back. "So good for us, babe", purred Luke pleased, kissing Percy's shoulder. "Gonna take care of you." "That's what I already promised him", pointed Octavian out. "So please, go ahead and join me." Percy craned his neck enough to look at Luke seductively. How could Luke possibly deny that? He lined up with Octavian's cock and eased in slowly, knowing that two dicks were quite the stretch on Percy. Percy whimpered softly and Octavian and Luke kissed him all over to sooth him. Percy closed his eyes and enjoyed the feeling of being pampered and kissed and taken care for tonight. After a short pause, Octavian continued thrusting and Luke finally started. They were a well-oiled machine, one thrust in just as the other pulled out. Percy loved how well his blondes worked together and especially when they worked together to wreck him. With the stimulation – intensified by Luke's cunning fingers around his cock, choking it and stroking it – Percy didn't last long. "L—Luktavian", moaned Percy as he spilled his seed. "Lazy bastard", snorted Luke amused and bit Percy's neck. "Can't even properly moan two names." "Shaddap", complained Percy as he went lax between them. He closed his eyes and just enjoyed how both his lovers continued fucking him hard until they came, nearly at the same time, filling him up with their warm, sticky cum. He knew it was a mess, the bed would be a mess in the morning, but he didn't quite care at the moment. He just enjoyed the sensation and the caresses. Both his blondes stayed inside of him as they laid down on the bed together. Luke tenderly trailed kisses along Percy's shoulders and neck, while Octavian traced Percy's face with his hands. Percy smiled softly at the Roman before he leaned in for a kiss. "I'm glad I decided to stay", whispered Percy, voice tired as he snuggled up to his lovers. "Believe me, so are we, darling", countered Octavian with a frown. "Even though I still can not believe it myself. How did not just one but two annoying, stubborn, heroic, mischievous Greeks manage to worm their way into my heart? Impossible." "Yeah, we really are", agreed Luke cheekily, leaning over Percy to kiss Octavian's cheek. Percy smiled sleepily, closing his eyes. "Tomorrow, we go to the zoo with Danny..." "Yes, we will", confirmed Luke, also kissing Percy. "But for now, sleep some, Perce." ~*~ The End ~*~