grunted Percy and rolled his eyes. "So you had sex with Leo. Big deal. It's not like you guys sneaked around and cheated on each other. Apparently, all three of you did it together , with each other, in this very bed. So, I don't see a problem." "Seconded", chimed Leo as he sat up and ruffled his hair, big grin on his face. "You two enjoyed yourselves last night. You enjoyed me last night. What's with the freak-out?" "W—We're married now. We shouldn't... want other... people", grunted Frank awkwardly. Leo sighed and rolled his eyes as he got out of bed. He grabbed his clothes and then he wrote something down on a piece of paper before hooking arms with Percy. "Enjoy your honeymoon. Sort yourselves out. Give me a call when you're done freaking out", stated the Latino simply. "Come on, Perce, we promised your mom we'd return Ty by noon." "...Uh. Right. Yeah", nodded Percy surprised, staring at Nico one last time. /break\ The next time Percy saw Nico was three months later on Jason and Reyna's wedding. Because Jason and Leo had gotten along like a house on fire and while Frank and Hazel still had their 'heads too deep up their asses' (Leo's words, though Percy agreed to them), Jason had called Leo the very day after the wedding and the two of them started hanging out. So Leo ended up being invited to Jason's wedding and he took Percy as his plus one. And once again, Percy found himself drooling over the best man, because the best man was the very same hot Italian as on Frank and Hazel's wedding. "And we meet again", chuckled Nico amused as he sat down next to Percy, pushing a protesting Leila out of the way so he could get closer to Percy. "I regretted that Leo pulled you away like that, I never had the chance to give you my number. And my sister, she was too... I don't know... to call Leo and ask him for your number for me, which is a real shame." "Yeah", agreed Percy, looking over Nico's shoulder to where a totally wasted trio of Frank, Hazel and Leo were dancing very inappropriately. "Look, I like your sister. I like my cousin. But if those two dickheads have sex with Leo again and leave him without calling, I will gut them." "They won't", promised Nico as he linked fingers with Percy before pulling out a pen and writing down a number on the napkin. "This is my number. I want you to call me tomorrow so we can arrange a date. I've been waiting to say that for three months now." "Okay. Yeah. I'd... I'd like that", nodded Percy with a small smile as he leaned in to kiss Nico. /2 Years Later\ Percy smiled pleased as he looked over at Leo, cuddled up close between Frank and Hazel, Leo's partners of nearly two years now. He was glad to see his best friend happy like that. He still remembered when Frank and Hazel had been embarrassed about their desires and needed to figure things out. His pleased smile lit up even more as Tyson ran up to him. "Here! I got them! I haven't lost them!", declared the nine-year-old proudly. "I knew you wouldn't lose them", chuckled Percy amused as he leaned over. "Thanks, Ty." Tyson grinned proudly up at his big brother while Percy picked the two golden bands off the pillow. Straightening his back, Percy handed one of them to the man opposite him. "Nico di Angelo", started Percy softly, taking Nico's free hand and slowly slipping the second golden ring onto Nico's ring finger. "When I first met you on my cousin's wedding, I thought you would just be a nice distraction for the night. A charming flirt. But when I met you again at the wedding of your best man here, I thought... maybe... it could be more. And if I'm being honest, a month into dating you, I knew you were the one. When we were on that vacation to Venice and you talked about your family with so much love in your voice and eyes. I knew I wanted to be talked about like that by you. I knew I wanted to be with you. I love you. I always will love you." Everyone cooed while Nico took Percy's hand and slipped the other wedding band onto his fiance's ring finger. "Well, here you go, getting your chance to be talked about with so much love in my voice." Appropriately, everyone laughed at that while Nico smiled dreamily at Percy. "I knew it the first time I saw you. You were like an angel, on my sister's wedding. Three months I spent longing for you, wishing I could see you again to see if we could have something more. When the fates put you into my path once more, I knew I couldn't let you slip away like that again. And now, well, now we're here so I can make sure you truly won't slip away from me again. You're mine as I am yours. From now to all of eternity, l'amore della mia vita." Percy practically turned into a puddle of goo as he looked at Nico. He still couldn't believe this was happening. That he was actually getting married, to the love of his life, a man who had just accidentally entered his life through other people's weddings. "You're mine as I am yours, from now to all of eternity", promised Percy softly. He leaned in in slow-motion and so did Nico, until their lips met in a sweet, short kiss. The cheers and clapping from their friends and families were the perfect soundtrack for this kiss. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: So, I wanted to write something a bit, ah, episodic. Also wanted to write weddings and Frazel being awkward idiots! xD I do hope you guys enjoyed the fluff-piece! ;)