Nico's bed, had just kissed him. Okay, at this point, Nico knew this must be one of his dreams. Next Percy would be stripping and dancing for him and then they'd have hot, amazing sex after role-playing that Nico was some other Italian royal who stole Romeo away before he could fall for the deadly trap of Juliet. His favorite fantasy, seeing as it involved Nico seducing Percy in Italian and also Percy in tights. "Y—You just... just... k—kissed m—me...", stammered Nico, brain slowly shutting down. "I'm sorry. Was that too much too early?", asked Percy concerned. "Okay, honestly, more words", requested Nico and sat up, albeit stiffly so. "What just happened?" "I kissed you, as you so nicely pointed out", stated Percy confused, tilting his head. "I mean, wasn't that... I thought that was why your sister asked me to come over for the project. After all, we could have as well done it in the library, your father doesn't have that special books here..." "What...?", asked Nico slowly, starting to feel extremely dumb. "Crap", muttered Percy with a wide-eyed and horrified expression. "I waited too long. I knew I should have said something after the flowers, or the poem, but I really couldn't when you gave me the chocolate, that was entirely too early because I still had a boyfriend then and the TARDIS was just, uhm, I wasn't sure what to say then. But now it's too late, right? You moved on from your... crush on me and I just made a total fool of myself. Crap, crap, crap." "Please shut up", requested Nico with a frown. "No, wait, don't shut up. Tell me how you knew that it was me – h—how do you even know who I am. I thought you weren't aware of my existence..." "You're silly", giggled Percy amused and shook his head. "You're the broody, black-leather-coat-wearing punk with the Italian accent. I don't think anyone in our small, boring high school doesn't know you. It's a private school where everyone is more posh than the next and there is you, with your holes in the jeans and the band shirts and piercings. Everyone knows you!" "O... kay... wasn't aware", muttered Nico stunned. "Now, the presents. H—How do you..." "You really think no one saw you leaving chocolate on my desk?", asked Percy with a deadpan. "Why do you think Tavy—I mean, Octavian, kept getting you in trouble for your parking, your piercings, it was his way of payback because you were hitting on his boyfriend. And the TARDIS, well, I wasn't sure at that point if it wasn't Tavy trying to get me back seeing as he is from London and I don't know, Doctor Who was kinda our thing there. There's only one amazing comic store around where you can get a TARDIS, so I went and just asked who bought one recently. And the poem? Rachel, the head of our school's newspaper, is one of my best friends. She told me you wrote it. For the flowers, well, my best friend Grover's parents own the shop you bought them from and he recognized them right away when they were laying on my table." "S—So... you knew all along that it was me...", whispered Nico surprised. "I'm not as dumb as I look, thank you very much", huffed Percy with a slight glare. "But yeah, I do get that a lot. Must be my face or something. Anyway, yes, I knew all along." "But why didn't you say something?", asked Nico unsure. "Well, the first time around I was still in a relationship-", started Percy. "Which we'll get into too, how can someone so amazing like you have been dating someone so... so... Octavian like Simmons!", interrupted Nico and made a face. "-and the second time around, the breakup had been too fresh for me", continued Percy, not minding Nico at all. "And after that, well... All your gifts were anonymous, so I kinda figured that you weren't really ready for, well, me. Or a relationship in general, I don't know." "Oh fuck", groaned Nico, throwing his head back into his neck. "We're literally stuck in a dumb rom-com-misunderstanding, aren't we? I didn't say something, you didn't say something..." "Yeah", laughed Percy with a sheepish smile. "Now I'm glad your sister pushed me to coming over and told me to go to your room and spend the evening with you..." And all of a sudden, Nico was ridiculously grateful to have a big, meddling sister. "Okay. Now that I'm up to date on this situation, let's try the whole kissing again, mh?" "I totally second that", grinned Percy and leaned over slowly, eyes half-lid. Nico grasped Percy by the neck and pulled him into a passionate, slow kiss that would have lasted for an hour at least if not for the flashlight interrupting their kiss. Nico turned to glare at the door, where Bianca leaned, smirking and holding her phone up, taking another picture. "Well, I'll be on the party, this will remain mine as blackmail-material, because I think you still haven't told dad, so I think you want to do my chores for the rest of the year", chimed Bianca. And Nico was back to hating having a big sister. Well, at least now he had a Percy. His own Percy. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: For those who didn't catch on; Bianca knew about Nico's crush, obviously, but she also saw the dreamy expression on Percy's face at each attempt of courting on Nico's side. She got sick and tired of them not figuring it out, so she decided to team up with Percy in a project, lure him into their house, make Nico curious by telling him he should stay away and in the end, sending Percy to Nico's room. Because that's how I picture Bianca would have grown if she hadn't died. Annoyed with having a baby brother, but still ALWAYS there to help Nico out~