that. "You don't know me as well as your stalking might make you believe, because I am not a good boy. I got kicked out of more schools than you got fingers to count. I've gotten into nothing but trouble until I transferred to this school. So... a bad boy... is way more interesting than some well-behaved good boy." Percy caught his lower lip between his teeth, chewing it very slowly while his cheeks turned a soft pink. Nico gulped hard and dry as he watched the motion completely enthralled by it. A cheeky grin tugged on Percy's lips as he took a daring step forward, crowding Nico in between the sinks. "So", started Percy carefully. "I like you. And you... stalk me? And care enough to go feral on anyone who'd dare to hurt me, even if they're just fragments of your imagination. Where exactly does that leave you and me, Nico? I mean, seriously, the least I should get out of this whole embarrassing, soul-baring encounter should be a new boyfriend." Nico sputtered before he started laughing. The sound startled Percy a bit and the jock watched in total surprise how Nico's entire face lit up in a smile when he laughed. Percy gaped in total awe. "You need to laugh more often. You look really pretty when you do", whispered Percy amazed. Coughing a little, Nico stuttered to a halt, entire face pink as he stared at Percy. "Don't... Don't call me pretty . Bad boys aren't 'pretty'. That needs to go into the boyfriend-negotiations." "...You called me the 'prettiest pretty boy'. How are you allowed to say that and I don't get to call you pretty?", challenged Percy unimpressed, both eyebrows lifted. "That does need to be negotiated, because if you're the kind of guy who can't handle compliments and cutesy stuff and holding hands and such, I don't know if we could really work out." Nico narrowed his eyes at the jock who now leaned in teasingly. "Fine. But no one can hear you call me stuff like that. Same goes for embarrassing pet-names. That stuff belongs behind closed doors." "Okay, cupcake", grinned Percy mischievously, tilting his head. "But no food names!", argued Nico disturbed, slowly leaning in. "Okay, okay. Mh... darling? Nah. Oh. Angel?", offered Percy, also leaning in more and more. Nico rolled his eyes dramatically, but instead of answering, he gently placed his lips upon Percy's. The kiss lasted for what felt like two days straight. It was probably just two minutes or something, but both of them completely got lost in the sensation of the one thing they had dreamed of for over a year. Percy leaned into Nico, arms slowly winding around Nico's neck while Nico's found their way around Percy's waist until they were pressed flush against one another. "Dollface", hummed Nico thoughtfully once they parted. "What?", grunted Percy confused and still dazed. "If you give me dumb, embarrassing petnames, so will I", stated Nico simply. "And you do have that perfect pretty dollface. Well. Normally. Right now, you look like a raccoon." Percy looked past Nico into a mirror, cheeks heating up in embarrassment as he saw his awful attempt at mascara and what the chick in the youtube tutorial had called 'smokey eyes'. Nico gently pushed Percy off a little and set his backpack down on the ground to get something out. "Let's get the make-up off", offered Nico softly. "But I really thought this could look good", sighed Percy with a pout. "Not the way you put it on", chuckled Nico. "C'mon. Let's take it off, I'll redo it for you." Percy perked up at that. He always liked what Nico did with his eyes, with the black around them making them look even more intense. Percy hopped onto the sink and allowed Nico to use the soft make-up removal tissues to get rid of the 'raccoon look' before Nico started applying mascara and eyeshadow slowly and gently. Percy kept biting his lips to suppress the giant dopey grin. "So... mixed signals about the new looks", drawled Percy casually. "Black's not your color", stated Nico simply. "You're... blue. Always. It's kind of what made me first notice you. The boy who's always dressed in blue. Sticks out. It's your thing. Your cute dorky thing. Though... do keep the skinny-jeans. I wildly appreciate them. And the hair... suits you really well. Now let's see about the make-up. Maybe less. But just a little. Because you do have amazing eyes." "Okay", nodded Percy, sounding relieved. "Because yeah, black's kind of... not my color. Also, it's like impossible to keep black clothes black. It's ridiculous. You got one kitten and I swear, Small Bob just had to glance at the shirt and there was fur on it!" Nico snorted amused. "There. All done. See for yourself, doll." Percy's cheeks heated up at the nickname as he turned around to check himself in the mirror. It did look good. Way better than what he had done to himself this morning after two hours of fighting with the mascara. Percy wiggled his nose cutely as he tilted his head and then turned back to look at Nico. He offered the punk a smile and pulled him into a kiss. "So... I'm supposed to be in math. But math has been going on for twenty minutes now, so I guess... there's not much point in going anymore, is there?", drawled Percy mischievously. "That sounds reasonable", agreed Nico. "How about we ditch the school bathroom and I invite you to lunch? I didn't grab anything during lunch break..." "Too busy stalking me and worrying about me to eat?", cooed Percy teasingly, a bright happy smile on his lips. "That sounds like I'm the one who owes you lunch, since I worried you." "That sounds... like a date", nodded Nico, kissing the corner of Percy's lips. "It does", agreed Percy, the smile on his lips now practically splitting his face. ~*~ The End ~*~