mom and Paul, or the camps. Triton had assured him that if he'd agree to become the merman's mate, he would as the consort of a god gain immortality and godhood, that also included that he could change shape – he could switch between merman and human at will whenever he wanted to. It was tempting. Amazing, even. "You've been awfully thoughtful these past weeks." Percy slowly turned to face Robyn. The son of Hermes stood in the doorway to Percy's room, both eyebrows raised as he apparently waited for an explanation. He hadn't told anyone about his decision yet – not even Triton. Maybe talking to someone else would be good. "It's just... graduation is right around the corner and I've been thinking about... what to do", admitted Percy, motioning for Robyn to sit down beside him. "What I want to do with my life." "And... did you come to a conclusion there?", asked Robyn, frowning thoughtful. "Coach Andersen is Triton, as in my half-brother Triton the god of merpeople", replied Percy. "Okay. Wow. Not sure how that relates to my question, but... wow", muttered Robyn. "He wants me to go with him to Atlantis and become his queen", continued Percy, knees drawn up to his chest. "We kinda had sex with each other a few weeks ago and we've been dating since then." "Oh, I'm aware of that", grunted Robyn and rolled his eyes. "You're not as sneaky as you think. But... wait. That means you're dating your brother. I mean, that's nothing weird considering our family tree, but still... are you fine with that? And... does that mean you'll go with him?" Percy stretched his legs out again and reluctantly lifted his shirt, showing the slight bulge of his stomach. "I'm... pregnant. It took him the first try to know me up. Bastard. So, uh... I mean, I'm not just agreeing for the sake of our baby, but it's certainly part of it. I grew up without a dad, I wouldn't want the same for my baby. But... I also want it for myself, I think. I've been to Atlantis and it's... it's beautiful. I love it. The feeling of beign a merman, I can't even... I can't even describe it..." "So... yer happy then?", inquired Robyn while staring down at Percy's slightly rounded stomach. "I... yeah, I guess", nodded Percy with a faint blush and a broad grin. "Well, then I guess I'm happy too for ya", grinned Robyn, ruffling Percy's hair. /break\ "Oh, I'm so proud of you, my boy!", sobbed Sally as she hugged the air out of Percy. "An' me too, laddie! Yer great, both of ya", agreed Kate from the other side. She was hugging both Percy and Robyn, the boys exchanging a sheepish look. They were wearing their graduation robes, both holding onto their diploma. Of course Sally and Paul had boarded a flight to attend Percy's graduation, especially knowing that their boy would leave for the ocean afterward. Oh, Percy had told them a few weeks ago to prepare them for what was about to come. And even though they hadn't been happy at first, they realized the more often they talked to Percy just how happy Triton made their boy. Paul crossed his arms over his chest as he turned away from the hugging people to level a glare at 'Coach Andersen'. Triton returned the glare. "You will take good care of him. He's Sally's greatest treasure", warned Paul sternly. "He is also my greatest treasure", whispered Triton softly. "Be good. Be safe. Come visit", ordered Sally between kisses onto Percy's forehead. They were already at the beach and Sally reluctantly took the diploma from Percy. Robyn and Kate stood back some, grinning at Percy. He knew he was welcomed to visit again any time he wanted to. Triton stepped up to his mate, laying one protective arm around Percy's shoulders. Percy walked backward and waved for as long as he could, until the water covered his nose. He yelped as he turned around and was faced by Triton, with green skin and two tails. Grinning broadly, he looked down at himself. Slightly blue skin and one elegant, beautiful tail. He loved being a merman. "You're... You're...", stammered Triton as Percy swam around him in circles. They hadn't had sex in a while, mainly so because Percy was trying to cover his condition. There was no reason to hide it any longer. Percy stopped, hovering in front of Triton, with his belly right to Triton's face. The green merman reached shaky hands out to place on the rounded stomach. "Pregnant, yep", confirmed Percy with a mischievous grin. "With your child. Yes." "Why... didn't you say something?", asked Triton with a frown, kissing Percy's stomach. Percy giggled as his stomach was showered with kisses, squirming and wrapping his tail around Triton's waist. "I didn't want you to think that I only agreed to your offer because of this pregnancy. I agreed because of you. Because I love you. Well, and the baby, the baby too of course." "You make me the happiest god out here", whispered Triton and scooped Percy up in his arms, whirling him around enthusiastically. "Father will be rather happy about this grandchild." Percy wiggled his nose, grinning a bit. He still tried not to think about the fact that the baby had the same grandfather on both sides of the family. Smiling softly, he slid down enough to lay his arms around Triton's shoulders, pulling him into a loving kiss, swatting his tail back and forth. "Let's get moving. I wanna make your mother faint", declared Percy mischievously. Triton couldn't help but laugh heartedly. This boy was as beautiful as he could be mean. He was glad to be in the good graces of Percy by now. Taking the blue merman by the hand, he led him away and toward their palace. Toward their new life together. The thought made Triton smile. ~*~ The End ~*~