someone is gonna notice that we're missing. I mean, aren't your folks waiting on you?" "My sister went to some weekend road trip with her archery team, father has some kind of... business trip of something. No idea when he and mother will even be back", replied Jason. "Oh", whispered Leo softly. "Sorry about that. Well, my big sister is gonna notice when I miss today's Lion King marathon so... We'll be here for a couple hours, at the max. Nys will call around when I don't get home and since my circle of friends is a limited one, she'll reach someone who can tell her about the plans of cleaning out the storage room, so we can as well just continue working." "Nys?", repeated Jason curiously. "Nyssa. My older sister. She's in the same class as your sister", supplied Leo. Jason nodded slowly. "Right. She was over the other day, together with Jackson and di Angelo." Jason found himself instantly jealous. Leo and his big sister had movie marathon nights? She'd notice if he was late only a few hours? Thalia probably wouldn't notice if he was gone the whole weekend. Then again, their villa was so large, it was easy not to see each other all week. "You and Thalia aren't that close, huh?", asked Leo curiously, tilting his head. "No. Not really", shrugged Jason and continued to clean out the shelves. "I'm not close to anyone." "That can't be true. You and Percy are like the most popular guys at school", argued Leo surprised. "Just because they swarm me doesn't mean that I'm close to them", whispered Jason, barely audible. "But... you must be close to Piper, right?", inquired Leo confused. "Oh. Yeah. Piper's different", replied Jason with a large, happy grin. "Of course she is. She's your girlfriend ", muttered Leo, now his mood being damped. Jason's eyes darted between the Latino and the door. They were locked in here, he and the boy he loved. And this was like the perfect opportunity to come clean. He'd never even have the most remote chance at being with Leo if Leo still thought he was straight and had a girlfriend. "She's more like my sister", whispered Jason cautiously. "Actually, she nearly became my sister." "Come again?", grunted Leo confused and stared at Jason's back. "Back, before... our father took us in, my sister and I were living with our mother. She was an actress who played in a movie together with Piper's father. They were dating for a while." "Huh. That would make dating her kinda awkward", mused Leo with a frown. "No. You don't get it", grunted Jason frustrated and turned toward Leo with red eyes. "We're more like siblings than lovers. We're not in love! We're just dating because it's... safer for both of us that way. Keeps the peers and admirers away from us both. We're just friends, I swear." "Hey, it's okay", chuckled Leo amused. "No need to get so agitated. It's none of my business." "But... I want it to be your business", groaned Jason exasperated, resting his forehead against the wall, hitting it a couple of times. "God, this is so fucking hard. How is this... I... argh..." "Are you... having a mental meltdown?", asked Leo concerned, stepping up to Jason. Jason made another strangled sound and turned toward the adorably confused Latino. "I love you." Leo's eyes widened and he gaped at the blonde, but before he had a chance to process, he had firm lips pressed upon his own. He yelped and whimpered softly into the kiss, before desperately clawing his fingers into Jason's shirt and pulling him closer. Both were flustered by the end of it. "I... I don't think I can come out yet", whispered Jason against Leo's lips, holding onto the Latino. "But I know I love you and I wanna be with you. If you can just... give me time, please... I promise I'll treat you to the best dates ever and give you chocolate and whatever you want and-" "I just want you", interrupted Leo softly, clinging onto Jason. "I don't need no fancy dates or stuff, I just need you. Besides, uh, if we're confessing stuff here, I'm kinda rich, so I don't exactly need you to buy me anything expensive. But... I get it, if you can't come out yet. Let's... take it one step at a time, as long as we take those steps together... if... you want that..." "I'd love to", grinned Jason and stole another kiss. /break\ Nico was pouting. He had just wanted a date with his Percy, but now there were Frank and Hazel, as well as Reyna and Annabeth (due to a lack of planned family dinner) and Piper McLean. This was a group-outing, not even remotely close to a date. He glared at Percy, who was laughing with Piper. "Okay, you still owe me an explanation as to why I stole Jason's keys and phone", demanded Piper. "Well, you care about Jason and you like Leo too, don't you?", chimed Percy mischievously. "Oh my god, you're setting them up", groaned Frank as realization finally dawned on him. "...That was slow", snorted Nico and rolled his eyes, slumping a little. Percy had known that Jason's and Piper's relationship was fake ever since he had found Piper making out with a member of the swim-team one time after training. She had told him the truth and made him promise to tell no one . He never thought that secret would actually come in handy at some point. Grinning pleased with himself and the world, Percy leaned against his boyfriend. He watched how Piper fell into a conversation with Hazel, Reyna and Annabeth. It would do that girl good to have social contact aside from Jason. Yes, Percy was very pleased with himself. Now it all was up to Leo, but he trusted his little lion cub to go and get what he wanted. ~*~ The End ~*~