His eyes went pointedly toward the vibrator innocently resting on the bed. Percy followed Nico's eyes and blushed, eyes widening in realization. Grabbing the toy, Percy hastily put it back into the box before facing his new boyfriend again, face so red it looked ready to explode. "I don't want to rush into things either!", exclaimed Percy hastily. "I don't want you to help me out with my little problem right now, okay? I mean, sure, I'm a horny teenager and yeah, I was masturbating while thinking about you, but... but that doesn't mean I want sex with you right now. I... never... I—I'm a virgin, Nico, okay? I mean, with Calypso it was only a two-weeks-fling, we didn't get that far, and when I was dating Annabeth, we were both too young and not ready. I wasn't really ready when I was with Luke either and... things with Octavian fell apart because of that." "Oh...", whispered Nico surprised, nodding very slowly. "Okay. So... slow-pace. Good." "Yeah", confirmed Percy a bit relieved. "Uh, so... if you wouldn't mind... getting out, so I can get dressed and go and take a shower, cold shower, very cold shower..." Nico grinned slyly as he leaned up to steal another kiss from Percy, hand slowly sliding down to grasp Percy's upper arm. "I got a movie to catch anyway. So... why don't you just continue doing what I interrupted? I gotta admit, I do like the thought of you touching yourself, thinking of me." Percy huffed and threw a pillow at Nico as the Italian left the room, snickering to himself. /break\ Being with Nico was easy. Not much changed between them, aside from the excessive cuddling, kissing and holding hands. When they were alone, Percy would sneak into Nico's lap and curl together contently. Sharing Happy Meals at McDonald's, stealing kisses between classes, cuddling in one bed before actually going to sleep (always watchful that Paul wouldn't find them). They were happy, incredibly happy. Which was why they were so sad right now. They were snuggled up to each other on the lower bunk, Nico lazily leaving kisses along Percy's neck. "What if, and stay with me on that, we just keep you here and not return you to Italy?" Nico snorted amused, biting Percy's pulse. "Bianca and papà won't like it. I... have to go, Perseo. I'll leave with the others from my school with tomorrow's flight. I'm going to miss you, but I also miss my home. I want to go back home. I do not want to leave you, but..." "Yeah, I get it", sighed Percy with the cutest pout, kissing Nico. "But... I mean... Are we..." "We can make it work. If you want to", offered Nico slowly. "I'd want to make it work. We can talk, skype, chat, whatever. Stay in touch. I... don't want to lose you, Perseo. I don't want to break up." "But... Venice to New York is kind of...", drawled Percy out doubtfully. "I mean... It's really far. But Annabeth said something that kind of makes sense... We're not going to last with that kind of distance between us, Nico. It's just... too far. Only getting to see each other like once or twice a year? I... I don't know if that'll be enough. It won't be in the long run." Nico would have felt somewhat hurt about this, but the expression on Percy's face was so heartbroken that he realized it wasn't exactly what Percy wanted either. Sighing softly, Nico cupped Percy's face and tilted it up so they could properly look into each other's eyes. "What... if that 'long run' would only be a year?", asked Nico slowly. "I... know a long-distance relationship isn't going to be a full-time solution, but can it be a... short-time solution?" "Why... only one year?", asked Percy very confused, tilting his head. "Main reason why I did this exchange was because I wanted to see New York and properly learn about the city, because I want to come here for college", explained Nico. "And what can I say, I like New York. I plan on coming back after graduation. It is asking a lot, to expect you to wait for me, but I love you. I really, truly love you, Perseo. I want to try this, for a year, and... if we can make it work, I want to come back to New York and... come back to you." Percy stared at him with large eyes for a long moment before he practically tackled Nico and kissed him until they both ran out of air. "Yes. Yes, yes, yes. I want that. I... I love you too. I love you." /1 Year Later\ Nico had a bag shouldered and was pulling a suitcase as he walked into the open airport. It reminded him of how he had first arrived here, as a mere exchange student. His heart was beating fast and a broad smile broke out onto his face as he was greeted by the same sight as he had back then – the Blofis family. Paul, Sally and Tyson had come too, even Jason and Reyna were there. He had managed to keep not just his relationship with Percy going, but he had also stayed in touch with Jason and Reyna. When he came closer, he offered the waiting group a grin, though his cool entrance was completely crushed when Nico was being crushed – by Percy, colliding full-force with Nico and throwing him down onto the ground, long limbs wrapping around Nico, soft lips peppering Nico's face with kisses. They had seen each other two times in the past year; Nico had visited New York one time and the Blofis-family had spend their summer vacation in Venice. Two times in a year were not even remotely enough though. Nico wrapped his arms around Percy tightly. "I missed you, Perseo", whispered Nico roughly. "God, I love you so much, mi amore." ~*~ The End ~*~