Travis, or the seers Octavian and Rachel. But ever since the water had been poisoned, Nico had ordered his herd to stay inside the cave. Only those too stubborn to obey him and too close to leave him on his own still followed him outside. "It's not dangerous. That's Percy, he's our new water nymph, which means you can leave the caves again", replied Nico, watching how the two fawns high-fived. "Not without your parents' permission, of course. Now, what are you two doing here anyway?" "Ma says to wash up for breakfast cos we got a guest", replied the female fawn, frowning. "Him?" "Him", confirmed Nico with a nod, observing how his nymph resurfaced. Percy gasped deeply as he resurfaced again, supporting himself on the cliff, blinking. He blinked a couple more times when he came face to face with a little brunette fawn. The boy stared at him curiously with his nougat-brown eyes, gaping at Percy like he was something totally awesome. "You're totally awesome", whispered the little fawn, blinking himself. "I like water nymphs! They can swim really fast and dive really deep and talk to fishies and they're pretty and blue!" Percy blinked again, tilting his head some. Grinning brightly, he reached out to pat the little boy's head. The brown deer-ears twitched at that. Percy cooed when he felt the tiny horns. "My, you'll be a great and strong stag one day, mh? You already have such big antlers", smiled Percy amused, watching how the little boy puffed his chest out at that. "Hello, little ones. My name is Percy, I'll be staying with her herd from now on. What are your names, sweetlings?" "Those are Calandra and Chrysander, they're the fawns of Clarisse and Chris", stated Nico. "Sander!", corrected the little boy and wiggled his nose. "Is Sander. Hello, Percy." "Hello, Sander", smiled Percy brightly. "And Calandra. It's nice to meet you." Calandra frowned and sniffed the air. "Is he pregnant? He smells like auntie Annie did when she was pregnant. Where's his mate? Do we get little playmates then? Will they be nymphs too?" "I'm his mate and... we don't know if it'll be nymphs or fawns", replied Nico amused. "Now get into the water, you're reeking, little ones. And then we'll go and eat breakfast together, mh?" He gave each little fawn a push and watched them hit the water with a yelp. Percy giggled as he climbed out of the lagoon and came to sit next to his mate, leaning against his proud stag. Nico hummed and wrapped his arms around his mate, pulling Percy onto his lap. "They're cute", smiled Percy as he watched Sander and Calandra swim. "Will ours be cute too?" "Cuter even", nodded Nico, sounding very sure. "They'd have your beauty, my love." /break\ Six months later would prove Nico's words to be true. Percy was laying curled together on their moss-bed, holding onto a tiny little stag. The youngling had Nico's olive-skin, though the soft fur on his belly was tinted blue like Percy's skin and Percy could feel the tiny little bumps of antlers between the dark curls on the fawn's head. A blue deer. Percy's little miracle. "It's cute! And tiny! Can I have it?" Percy blinked a couple of times and looked up at an excited little Sander. The boy had gotten very attached to Percy and the larger Percy's stomach grew, the curiouser and more protective did the little fawn grow. If Percy wouldn't have been in such labor-pains, he would have laughed at how cute Sander had been pacing next to Nico. Nico chuckled amused from where he laid next to his mate, holding their other fawn. A precious little female who suckled on Nico's finger. "No, you can't have it. It's our son", stated Nico amused. "Sander, meet Bianca Maria and her brother Hades Poseidon. Our newest little fawns. Now, as their elder, you're responsible for them too, you know that, right? A herd looks out for each other." "Okay", nodded Sander obediently and leaned over the tiny male to sniff his belly, completely fascinated by the blue fur the boy was sprouting. "Oi! Tell it to stop! It can't do that!" Percy bit his lips as he watched his little son. Donny – because as honorable as it was to name the little one after their deceased fathers, he needed a cute name for a cute kid – was making grabby motions for Sander. And since Sander was leaning over Donny to sniff his belly, Donny had managed to get a hold of Sander's antlers and was now happily suckling on it. "No, that's not for eating", chided Percy amused and pulled Donny off. Donny looked upset at that, making more grabby-motions for Sander. Sander tilted his head curiously, poking the tiny fawn. It was cute and weird and tiny. Sander grinned broadly. "I'll keep it safe, uncle Nico!", promised Sander. "That's good", praised Nico. "Now go back to your parents, Percy needs the rest." While Sander nodded and dashed off, Percy curled against his mate, holding their children close. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Tomorrow is the American release date for BoO. I just wanted to get another Nicercy story out before that book hits its shelves because depending on how Rick ends it all, I may not feel in a PJatO-creative mood for a while. I'm afraid of what he will do. That aside, since people like to spoiler me in reviews and PMs, I will be staying away from FFNet for a couple of days because I'll get my copy on the 9th of this month and until then, others may have already finished it and feel the urge to discuss it. I want to read it myself before anyone can spoiler me, which has happened with MoA and also with HoH and I won't let it happen with BoO, so don't expect replies to reviews or PMs within the next week, give or take.