on Percy's cock up and back down again, curling around Percy's hardness and giving it a couple rough caresses. Percy jerked in his grip, bucking up into Nico's hand. Smirking, Nico let his lips wander down Percy's neck to bite there. Not deep-bite, just a little scratching and nibbling. They'd get to the actual biting soon enough. When Percy's moans turned loud enough to echo through the bedroom, Nico slipped his hand down from Percy's cock to his quivering entrance. He could feel it pulsing beneath his fingertips, all velvety and tight and slick. He easily slipped one finger in, wiggling it a couple of times before squeezing a second one in alongside the first. As he started pumping them in and out of the tight hole, Percy's moans turned into the most sultry little whimpers Nico had ever heard. "Shit, you make some nice sounds", grunted Nico, his own cock achingly hard at this point. "A—All your fault, my king", groaned Percy, baring his fangs at Nico in a nearly threatening manner. "Now give me something more than fingers, or I'll flip us over and ride you." "Tempting offer", grinned Nico, thoroughly scissoring his lover. "But not now. Now, I want you beneath me, falling apart and whimpering. That's... I really need that." Percy grinned just a little bit at the confused look in Nico's eyes. "Yeah. That's your instincts talking, Nico. Don't worry too much about them. Just roll with it for now, mh?" Taking a slightly shaky breath, Nico nodded and crashed his lips against Percy's once more, though this time with far more teeth. It was more like biting, a fight between their mouths, as Nico pulled his fingers out and gripped Percy's thighs to lift them up some more. He positioned himself at Percy's entrance and slowly eased his way in. Though he really just wanted to pound away and it took all his self-control not to. He did not wish to hurt Percy, not ever and certainly not on their wedding-night. So he tried to suppress that urge by biting a little harsher on Percy's neck, leaving a nice mark. Pleased by that, he lapped at it proudly, making Percy giggle a little. "Man, you're adorable, Nick", grinned Percy fondly. "And now start moving. Properly, please." Nico grunted and nodded hastily. Not that his resistance would have lasted much longer anyway. Pulling out partially, he started thrusting away with a harsh and unforgiving rhythm. Percy practically yelled as Nico hit his sweet spot, his legs around Nico's waist tightening and his nails digging into Nico's back. His wings jerked at the pain, but he didn't comment. Instead, he thrust even harder, pulling out nearly all the way before pushing back in. He brushed his wings against Percy's in a tender and soothing caress as Percy's breathing picked up and his moans turned more desperate. Percy returned the caress and they continued their mating in a cocoon of their own wings, protected and separated from the outside world, completely lost in the pleasure of each other. "I'm gonna bite you", growled Nico, voice deep with lust. "S—Shit, I really want to bite you." "Y—Yeah. Yeah, that's good", groaned Percy, willingly baring his neck to his mate. "I—I'm close too. Please mark me. Wanna be yours. Want you to be mine. My mate." All Nico could reply was a gluttonous growl as he sank his teeth into his mate. The same moment, the thick base of his cock slipped into the tight entrance of his mate. Percy whimpered at the combined feeling and came all over their joined bodies. The sensation of Percy's contracting muscles and the taste of Percy's blood – very salty, more like a gulp of sea-water, not exactly how Nico had pictured it to taste – was too much for Nico too. His knot swelled as he thrust as deep into Percy and came, filling up his mate. While riding out his orgasm, Nico cautiously let go of Percy's neck, just to be pulled down by Percy so the Atlantian could sink his own teeth into Nico's neck. Nico jerked a bit at the pain, yet at the same time he completely relished in it, knowing the bite would mark him as Percy's mate. He grinned a bit amused as Percy just kept suckling and digging his teeth in while running his fingers along Nico's wings. "Fuck. That was great", grunted Percy with a pant as he reluctantly let go. "Though damn it, I'm gonna be sore for... well, a while. I knew Plutonians got knots, but I never expected them to be this... thick. Ouch. Not complaining. I like the feeling. It's nice. But we'll delay our honeymoon." "Speaking of...", said Nico as he rolled them over to lay more comfortable. "Where are we going?" "How about Rome?", suggested Percy as he snuggled up to Nico, hand resting on his mate-mark. "I was hoping to go visit a different planet. Not go back to Earth", argued Nico with a slight pout. "...I was talking about the planet Rome", clarified Percy amused. "Wait. Not the Rome in Italy? There's a planet called Rome?", asked Nico intrigued. "Of course", huffed Percy and rolled his eyes. "You expect that humans managed to grow such a superpower all on their own so suddenly? The Roman Empire was an invasion from the beginning. An alien invasion. All the new and modern changes? Alien. Pizza? Totally alien. It's why the Romans refer to my dad as 'Neptune' and your dad as 'Pluto'. Being aliens themselves, they knew whose princes and princesses the so-called Greek gods were and they just preferred referring to them by their planetary heritage. You'll like Rome. It's exciting. So much to see!" Nico laughed delighted and kissed Percy softly. "Life with you is gonna be adventurous, eh?" "It sure will", grinned Percy wickedly, pecking Nico's lips tenderly. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Next update is going to be "Chasing Firelies" next Saturday!