softly, making Octavian grin. "And I told you to help and not daydream. There's still a lot to do and the day won't last forever. I had plans to watch Game of Thrones tonight. For that, we'd be done before tonight." "...Something tells me you've been rooting for Geoffrey", muttered Percy beneath his breath. Octavian glared pointedly after Percy as the son of Poseidon finally proceeded to carry in his own box. Ethan and Alabaster snickered as they patted Octavian on the back before passing him too. When he had suggested that Ethan and Alabaster should move to New Rome too, Octavian hadn't meant for them to move in with him . But somehow things had gotten away from him there. "Don't look so grumpy, Octavian", chided Rachel as she looked out the kitchen window. "Come on, help up. I can hear Luke cussing even down here. He's clearly in over his head with your new bed. I still vote for us to call Leo over so he can help. He's good at building stuff." "It's an IKEA bed, not a warship. I'm sure we will manage without the most annoying tinkerer to ever grace the Earth", sighed the augur exhausted. "There are enough people in my house already." "Oh honey, this stopped being 'your house' when I moved in", snickered Rachel amused. "And it sure as Hades isn't anymore. You need to get used to that fact, Octavian." Octavian heaved a long-suffering sigh and continued on his way into his house. Back after the Giant War, Rachel had been forced upon him – as a chaperone too, to make sure Octavian would 'behave' himself, while they would translate the Sibylline scrolls together and document them. After all, the augur had a luxurious house. It came with his family being one of the biggest money givers New Rome had. Of course Octavian had to show off the Simmons family name. "Hello, love. How are you doing?", asked Octavian as he entered his bedroom. "What's it look like?", huffed Luke annoyed, not looking up from the large bed. "Let me help you", offered Octavian and plunged down next to Luke. His second spare bedroom was being turned into Ethan and Alabaster's room, while Luke and Octavian were busy configuring Octavian's bedroom to fit three. About half an hour after Octavian joined Luke, Percy entered the bedroom and looking curiously at the blondes. "Oh. You're nearly done. That's nice. Rach and I made sandwiches, here", offered Percy. He sat down between his blondes, placing the plate of sandwiches on his own lap and grinning from Luke to Octavian. Octavian reached out to pat Percy's head between the ears in an absentminded praise, causing the catboy to purr pleased. They had agreed to see how comfortable Percy was with his new trades, but at this point, Percy had grown to love his heightened senses and sharper reflexes – he enjoyed that he now repeatedly knocked Clarisse down on her arse in the arena. He subconsciously wrapped his tail around Luke's waist as the three started eating. Luke smirked and nudged the bell on Percy's collar. The son of Poseidon enjoyed sneaking up on them and startling them a little too much, so Luke and Octavian had bought him a pretty blue collar with a silver bell after a week of Percy being a catboy. It had been meant as a bit of a joke, but the way Percy had blushed and willingly accepted it had made them rethink that. "You going to be okay living with E, Al and Rachel too?", asked Luke slowly. "It's a bit more than just living with Tav and me. And sure a lot of more people than you're used to." "I guess it'll be alright", shrugged Percy with a small grin, snuggling up to Octavian as the augur continued caressing him between his cat-ears. "I've always felt... lonely in my cabin. I think it'll be nice, living with the others and with you two. I'm just... happy to be here." /break\ And oh, he truly was happy to be there. They all ate together, joked together, gathered in the living room for movie-nights. He attended a few classes with Piper, some with Rachel and some even with Leo and Frank. And at night, when he went to bed, he found himself cuddled up to both Luke and Octavian. Like right now. It was a lazy Friday morning about two months into Percy and Luke living in New Rome, Percy didn't have any classes at all and Luke's classes didn't start until noon. Which translated to all three of them still being in bed contently. Percy blinked sluggishly, peeking up at Octavian, who was laying in the middle, with Percy at his right and Luke at his left. Luke grinned over at Percy and winked, one finger pressed against his lips to indicate for Percy to stay silent as to not wake Octavian. Their augur had been busy with the Sibylline prophecies until way past midnight yesterday, arguing with Rachel the entire time. Luke leaned over to kiss Percy. "Morning, kitten", whispered Luke against his lips, barely audible. "Any plans today?" "Yeah. First, cuddling with my boyfriends, then making pancakes for us for breakfast, meeting up with Piper and Leo for our study group and who knows what the evening brings?", answered Percy. "I do hope the evening brings me the two of you, naked and spread out on the bed", offered Octavian as he yawned widely. "Good morning, darlings." "Morning", chimed Luke and Percy, both kissing one of Octavian's cheeks. Octavian smirked, pulling his two mischief makers closer, enjoying their closeness and warmth. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Remember my last contest? This is the winning prize for captain-tronnor ! I do hope it turned out the way you wanted ;) Next update will be on Saturday, another request I have had laying around for a long time about astronaut!Nico crash-landing on the home-planet of alien!Percy!