was agony to even think about letting go of Nico. Persephone had inherited her stubbornness from both of her parents, though Poseidon was famous for it, as well as his possessiveness and the need to just hold Nico close and never let him go was overwhelming. For Nico it had to be complete and utter hell. He was the son of the god who kept his love trapped in the underworld for half the year for fear of losing her, she could see the battle he was raging with himself every time his grip on her tightened and he tugged her closer. Perse's mother had – ironically – named her after Persephone from the famous myth (which wasn't such a myth) in the hope that her daughter would be able to find someone who loved her so much that they would go to unimaginable lengths to keep her safe from harm, and who would love her. Because her mother, being the loving, and hopeless romantic author that she was, saw underneath the tragedy of the particular tale to the love story underneath. That she had found the love of her life in the only current living son of Hades had not escaped her mother's notice and she had just smiled sweetly at her in an innocent, 'you-know-I-was-right' kind of way. But that was where the similarities ended. No matter what, Persephone knew Nico respected her and her wishes too much to ever force her into captivity or immortality. And she wouldn't get to keep Nico forever. They got three whole years of their little eternity before she had to let him go. Not six months each year for the rest of forever. It hurt. It hurt so much and she knew if she really was Persephone, she would happily stay in the underworld all year round if it was Nico down there. But the situation was different. She had known her whole life that she was mortal, and she knew, the way her instincts had never failed her before, that she was not fated to be immortal. You could say, that the brightest threads are always the one that get cut the quickest. They naturally draw things to them. The good and the bad. Persephone felt a presence lingering in the doorway. Not intruding, but making their presence known. She turned, expecting to see Hermes, but was caught off guard when instead it was Lady Aphrodite standing in the doorway. She could feel Nico tense next to her, but she placed a hand on his chest. Up until a few years ago, Persephone and Aphrodite had always had a very rocky relationship. The goddess seemed determined to mess with her life, and she had irritated Persephone to no end. She had finally snapped, and the aftermath of that particular incident had produced a friendship that left everyone astounded. What they didn't understand was that, although Aphrodite was perceived as vain, shallow and narcissistic, she was also the goddess of love. She felt every heart break, every pain, every betrayal as if it were her own. Nobody realised and Aphrodite was left to suffer in silence. So she built a mask, a fortress that looked away the deeper emotions and left the less desirable ones behind. Those were the ones that everybody saw. Even her fellow gods. And nobody suspected, because Aphrodite hadn't been born from Kronos and Rhea, she was made from the 'remains' of Uranus, after Zeus had dealt with him. They let that become an excuse for their inability to understand her and who she was. Aphrodite had dealt with such pain from the moment of her existence and she had received help from none, never did anybody try to understand. So she had become bitter, making it her goal to ruin those who had the potential to ruin her. She became the reason for all the heartbreak and pain. Instead of letting it affect her, she made it so she was the afflicter, so she held the power. It wasn't true of course, but it was a coping mechanism. Persephone had managed to unearth it and had asked Aphrodite why, instead of focusing on all the pain, why not focus on the opposite? Love was such a strong emotion and she was the embodiment of it. She could spread love, she could overcome the pain. So Aphrodite had changed. Not to the others. Not to anybody who didn't bother to look, but she had changed, you could see it in the relationships that developed between mortals, you could see it in her children, the newest ones all came to camp from loving homes. Her elder children had become more involved and less shallow, something many attributed to the war. But there were those who knew the truth, and that's all that mattered. It had been Aphrodite that had let out the strangled gasp earlier, feeling the pain emanating from the pair, from the girl who had helped her overcome her own pain, and it bought Aphrodite to tears. How could Zeus and Hades bear to break apart something so beautiful she couldn't understand. So Persephone could understand why it had been Aphrodite who had come to get them. Aphrodite would want to stop the inevitable goodbye for as long as she could, enough that she would be the one to volunteer to collect them. She didn't say anything, just watched, and a silent tear slid down her cheek in compassion and anguish. Nico and Persephone understood nonetheless. It was time. A/N: So what do you guys think? I used google translate for the Italian and I can never be sure how correct it is, so if there are any Italian speakers out there, do feel free to correct me. I absolutely adore this pairing, so I hope you guys liked it too, and I'm considering expanding this story in some other oneshots or a chapter story if enough people would like me to. Review and tell me!