of the to-go restaurant and Reyna took over the bar. Nico couldn't bring himself to tear it down, because it was beautifully crafted. When Reyna during their many hours of renovating had mentioned she used to bartender during her college years, it was practically a done deal. A job working with the people they all loved, so close to home instead of having to drive nearly two hours every day – Jason and Reyna instantly agreed. "Tonight's a busy night", stated Jason as he joined to help out in the kitchen. The to-go restaurant was only open during lunch hours, since it was specifically for lunch breaks of those close by. Nico grunted, but it was a pleased sound. He enjoyed being busy. When he was busy, he didn't think so much about Percy or stare pathetically at his phone, hoping for a text. They were still in contact, even nearly half a year after Percy had left. At this point, Nico feared it was just hurting him, but even so he couldn't bring himself to stop talking to Percy. "Nico", called Lou out as she entered the kitchen. "One of the guests wants to speak to the owner." "Seriously?", grunted Frank, one eyebrow raised as he turned to Nico. "What's to complain about?" "Beats me", sighed Nico and put the knife down. "Well, the downside of owning the place..." Hazel snorted a bit amused and shook her head as she watched her cousin leave the kitchen. Nico straightened his back and put on a professional smile, because this restaurant was his baby, his life. "Buona sera", greeted Nico with a pleasant expression. "What seems to be the problem?" "Well, I was promised the best pizza on the planet, but it just... it just doesn't taste as good as it did on your crappy little balcony", complained the customer seriously. Nico blinked, very slowly, before getting lost in those sea-green eyes. A mischievous smile laid on Percy's lips. His hair was a little longer than Nico remembered, but it was even messier. He was still as breathtakingly gorgeous as Nico remembered him. And he was here . "...P... Percy", was all Nico managed to say. "Thank the gods you still recognize me", huffed Percy and stood, grinning. "Hello." "Yes. Hello", nodded Nico slowly. "What are you doing here...?" "Well, since I paid for the place, I figured I should eat here some time", shrugged Percy with a mischievous grin before stepping up to Nico. "I... missed you. I wanted to see you. I don't know if you still.. want to see me. You've been sending fewer texts these days... I wasn't sure if..." Nico laid his arms around Percy's waist and pulled him up until their lips met in a passionate kiss, showing just how much Nico had longed for this. Around them, whispers and even cheers started up. Nico had managed to get what he had always wanted; to open a restaurant that was a place where people gathered to be together. If there wasn't enough room, his guests were okay sitting together because everyone knew each other. They asked about each other's life and all of Nico's regulars knew how Nico had gotten this place and how hung up he was on the pretty prince. "I missed you so much", whispered Nico against Percy's lips. "Every single day. I love my restaurant, it's perfect. Thank you. Thank you so much. But... it's missing... you." "Good thing I'm here then", hummed Percy pleased, resting his chin on Nico's shoulder. Nico's arms tightened around Percy, as though he was afraid his prince would just vanish again. "How long will you be staying? What are you even doing here? Why didn't you say something?" "I didn't say something because I wanted to surprise you", replied Percy, kissing Nico's neck. "And we're here to stay. Percy said your restaurant has multiple apartments, so you better clear one of those out for us, because the only condition under which King Poseidon let his darling little son move here was that he'd live with me", stated the other one at the table. Nico looked up, only now noticing that Rachel had been sitting with Percy at the table. All the Percy had blinded him for anything surrounding the charming prince. She grinned at him. "What?", asked Nico, needing more information. "I told you I finally applied to college, right? Well, I didn't tell you I applied for college in New York", shrugged Percy with the broadest grin possible. "And Rachel, she wanted to take art classes for a while, but her parents were against it. Now, with me as an excuse, they were eager – eager to impress the royal family and all that stuff. So... me and Rach, we're looking for a place. I figured I could rent an apartment, but then I remembered I bought an entire building." "I kind of gave the other apartment to my cousin", admitted Nico. "But... there is a perfectly fine spare bedroom in my apartment for you, Miss Dare. And... a lot of room in my bed... for..." He was unsure, because this was insane. They had only known each other for one week before declaring their love, before Nico got a restaurant from Percy, before Percy left. Now Percy was back, after nearly half a year, had come back for him. Was moving in together too fast? Or was it just their pace exactly? The way Percy smiled at him and kissed him again was answer enough. "...But try tuning it down some in the bedroom", grunted Rachel teasingly. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: I've been asked/requested to write a royal!Percy/peasant!Nico story on multiple occasions, but never found the right plot or idea to work with it before. Next update is going to be... the final chapter of "Chasing Fireflies" on Saturday. Damn it, I still have a hard time to grasp that after 100 chapters, it's... over... *sits in corner and hugs fic*