"P—Princess Bianca", yelped Percy and whirled around wide-eyed. "I didn't mean any offense!" "Oh, I know exactly what you mean", chuckled Bianca, leaning against the door-frame. "Nico, do you mind if me and Thalia borrow your little mate for our next hunt?" "H—Hunt?", asked Percy, borderline fearful. The siblings started laughing at the expression on Percy's face before Nico pulled him into another kiss. "My sister Bianca is part of a sub-division of our knights, the Hunters of the Moon. General Nightshade leads our strongest female warriors on their quest to discover new realms." "Oh. That actually sounds pretty cool", admitted Percy curiously. "And Hazel spends a lot of her time with the mines and miners", added Bianca. "Contrary to popular fairy tales, a princess does not just sit in her tower until a handsome knight decides to visit her. We have our own duties and places in the realm. And I'm sure we'll find one for you too." "Sure about that?", asked Percy concerned. "Elysium reaches out to the coast in the South and borders on the large Silver Lake in the West. When father decides to give up the crown in our favor, Bianca will take over the snowy mountains and forests of the North, Hazel will take over the mines of the mountains in the East. And Thanatos, who has always been close to the marines, will take over the South. The West will go to me and... I'm sure I could use a water demon who knows about fishes and the rare silver hippocampi that live only in the Silver Lake. But for you to take on such a responsibility, you'd need the proper education of a queen-to-be", replied Nico, staring deep into Percy's eyes. "Well then, why are we keeping Miss Athena waiting, Bianca? Hurry up!", ordered Percy. Bianca laughed amused as Percy grabbed her hand and pulled her along. It was always about the proper motivation, Thanatos and Nico had figured that out a few days ago and approached their sisters and father about the future plans of their realm. /break\ While Percy was by now sucking up the lessons he got in the palace, with Triton quite as intrigued now that he had the prospect of moving to the ocean side of the realm, Leo was still grounded. "Little one", called someone out from the window. Leo hastily sat up and ran over to the window to see Frank below it, smirking. The knight and the princess had been visiting him ever since his first day of being grounded. "You know you'll get in trouble if you keep coming over", pointed Leo out, frowning a little. "I'm a knight and the king doesn't mind", stated Frank with a smirk. "He meant with me , young knight", countered a dark and serious voice. The smirk slipped off of Frank's face as he looked at the bulky, broad and quite a little taller blacksmith who looked rather intimidating as he loomed over Frank from the door. "H—Hello", started Frank, suddenly not as cocky anymore. "Your mate may be the princess, but the next time I see you or her lingering around my house, I will have an audience with the king", stated Charles Beckendorf firmly. "My son is still grounded for his mischief and in this house, my rules are final. If you and your mate have any intentions toward my boy, you will come to me and my wife and ask our permission to properly court him. No more sneaking around my house at night as though he is a common wench. Are we clear?" "Yes, sir. Completely!", exclaimed Frank and retreated slowly. Leo pouted, but not for more than two days because then the royal carriage arrived, bringing Hazel and Frank in appropriate clothes and with a proper request. Leo didn't stop grinning for weeks. /Five Years Later\ "Love, come. There is another dove from Nico and Percy!", called Hades out, smiling fondly. The palace in the center of Elysium was mainly used for official meetings between the four sides of their realm. Bianca, Thalia and their Hunt in the North, guarding what used to be the weakest border of their realm and keeping Elysium safe. Hazel, Frank and Leo in the East, overseeing the precious mines that kept their realm so prosperous. Thanatos and Triton in the North, taking care of the oversea-trades and the marines. And Nico and Percy in the South, tending through the great Silver Lake that was their main trade-route with their neighboring realms. "What are they writing?", came the loud reply back. "I'm in the bath. I don't wanna get up." Hades chuckled fondly. "Apparently, Percy has fallen pregnant again. The healers say it's twins this time. Little Donny is apparently rather energetic these days and keeps his parents on their feet, while Nico is content that Bianca Maria will be a proper, little princess one day." While holding the letter and reading over it, Hades made his way to the bathroom to be closer to his mate so he wouldn't have to scream so much. He smiled when he saw Poseidon sprawled out in the large bronze tub, playing with the soapy bubbles surrounding his beautiful, naked body. Only months after their sons had become mates, Hades had started courting Poseidon. After retiring from his kingly duties, he relished in the love he had found with the water demon. Most the time, the two bounced between the corners of the realm, visiting their children and grandchildren. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note to my dear troll: Consider "Jealousy Makes Dumb" yesterday a test to see if I still have your attention. I do. (Not to worry, all the evil, evil smut that is offending your poor, delicate eyes has been edited out already) I hope the 13k words worth of appropriately M-rated, no-rules-violating "The Cop and the Teacher" yesterday were time-consuming to read. And I hope this one with its 18k words took even longer! ;)