an inch between their lips. "Hello to you too", grinned Percy, pecking Nico's lips. "Stop being disgustingly cute and sit down", called Hazel out. The five of them used the time that the dogs were playing with each other to eat their lunch. Half-way through it, Percy noticed that the dogs were back to sniffing him and Nico kept staring at him. Right now, he wished that aside from fish and horses, he'd also understand underworld-creatures, but that was something reserved to children of Hades. " Why does prince's mate smell like he wants pups? ", asked Zerberus confused, nudging Percy. " Because master is a child of the sea. Master can have pups and now that master and his mate spend so much time together, master is getting ready for breeding ", replied Mrs. O'Leary. Nico choked on his coke and stared wide-eyed at Percy. Percy tilted his head confused. "Uhm, guys, if you'd excuse us. I think Percy and I'll take the dogs for a walk", grunted Nico. Hazel frowned confused as she stared after her brother who hastily pulled Percy along and away from them. Something was weird here. She was also a little displeased that Nico and Percy left her and Frank alone with Leo. Not that she disliked being with Leo, but he was complicated. "So... how are things going with Calypso?", pressed Frank out between clenched teeth. He didn't want to ask. Didn't want to know. But he might as well get it over with, since at one point they'd have to be polite enough to ask about the stupid, stupid, stupid girlfriend. "Great", grinned Leo broadly. "Rachel, Annabeth and Piper are actually on a road-trip with her at the moment. She's really getting used to our modern time and all. I thought it would be harder." "Why didn't you go with them?", asked Hazel surprised. "I'm not her babysitter", said Leo confused. "I mean, she has other friends aside from me too, so she doesn't need me to hover by all the time. I already got on her nerves on the island, I guess me being around all the time reminds her of that. She has a whole world waiting for her to discover." "True enough. A little distance doesn't hurt in a relationship either", nodded Frank slowly. "Relationship?", repeated Leo stunned. "You think Cally and I are in a relationship? We're just friends. She's bossy and mean and honestly, by now I have enough self-esteem to know that I deserve someone who treats me good. I mean, we kinda work as friends, but I don't need a girlfriend who degrades me all the time and insults me. I'm not like Percy who fell for Annabeth after the thousandth 'seaweed brain' and hours of bickering. Piper beat it into my head, I need to stop being into girls who treat me like crap and start looking for someone... nice." "He's not with Calypso", stated Frank, nudging Hazel while staring at Leo. "Uhm, I just said that", nodded Leo confused. "He was talking to me", laughed Hazel and scooted closer to the Latino. So did Frank, from the other side. After a little while, Leo found himself sandwiched between the couple, his thighs touching theirs. Blushing a little, he chewed on his sandwich restlessly. "Is... there something wrong, guys?", asked Leo unsure, looking from one to the other. "I know we weren't always the nicest to you and we're sorry and I really hope we don't go into the 'not nice enough' category anymore, because if so, I'm going to kiss you now", answered Hazel. "Okay...", nodded Leo slowly, gulping. "I mean, yeah, you're nice. I know why you two were acting weird around me at first, but we're friends now, right? I... like you a lot." "Then I'm going to kiss you now", smiled Hazel and leaned over. /break\ "Okay, what's up with you?", grunted Percy, a little freaked out after a while. Mrs. O'Leary and Zerberus were running around wildly and Nico was just silently staring at him. "Sorry. I didn't mean to freak you out, Perce. It's just... Molly and Zerberus said that you're... uhm... getting ready for... breeding? Because you can have... pups." "Well, they have good noses, so I guess they can smell my hormones", mumbled Percy embarrassed and blushed brightly. "That's not how I wanted to tell you that we really need contraception when we have sex, because... well, I can get pregnant. It's a Poseidon-thing." "That's... interesting", nodded Nico slowly. "You're freaking out, right?", groaned Percy, hiding his face between his hands. "Actually, no", chuckled Nico amused. "No?", grunted Percy surprised and peaked out from between his fingers. "No", confirmed Nico and stopped, taking Percy's hand. "You talk to fish and can walk over water. Why should it freak me out that you can get pregnant, Perce? It just means we have to use protection until we want children. I mean, if that's something you'd want, of course." "Let's take it one step after the other, Nick", suggested Percy and leaned in to kiss Nico. Nico smiled into the kiss, one hand in Percy's neck. "Okay. So... should we return to the others?" "No. I told Leo very seriously today that if Hazel and Frank don't get it right soon, he has to seduce them. So I really hope he's using this opportunity to do some seducing", declined Percy with a grin. "Why would he do that?", asked Nico, honestly surprised. "What about Calypso?" "I don't know", shrugged Percy confused. "She's discovering the female form these days. Thousands of years and she only got to see guys. As far as I know, she's currently dating Drew." "Drew?", repeated Nico stunned and nodded. "Okay. Then we better take a long walk. To be safe." Percy didn't understand, but he was fine with that. Their fingers were linked as they followed the two underworld-dogs. A soft smile was laying on Percy's lips. This was perfection. ~*~ The End ~*~