he was really, truly more than just an affair to the gods. "Hold on", ordered Percy as he was crowded against the closed bedroom door. He had moved to the royal bedroom weeks ago already. Hades and Persephone both didn't look very pleased as they were stopped from ravishing their new royal consort. Percy bit his lower lip as he looked up at them. All three were wearing white, beautiful togas from their wedding. Percy lifted his right hand and concentrated very hard. With becoming the royal consort, he also became a god. With a snap of his fingers, he tested his new godly powers. Considering the sharp intake of breaths, he guessed it had worked. When he opened his eyes and peeked out between his lovers, he could see himself in the large mirror. Well. He looked even better in the white wedding dress than anticipated. A slight yelp escaped him when Hades attacked his mouth feverishly. "Well, don't we have a pretty little bride there", purred Persephone delighted. "Mhmh", grunted Hades in agreement, hands finding Percy's ass. "What does the pretty little bride want us to do with her though? Certainly not ruin that pretty dress though, right?" "Daddy, I want you to fuck me. Please", requested Percy gently. "I can keep the dress on, daddy?" "Mh, that sounds like a good plan, princess", chuckled Hades delighted. "Persephone?" "Oh, absolutely", grinned the queen delighted, gathering the white dress up. Percy yelped delighted as he felt her sneaky fingers working their way into his hole. He groaned pleased as he was pinned between them, Hades biting and nibbling his neck while Persephone prepared him. After a few minutes, the two older gods switched their work. Hades took over prepping him while Persephone left a last hickey on his neck before she went to the bed. She slowly shed her clothes, aware of the two hungry pairs of eyes on her body. When she reached for her large strap-on, Percy made a pleased sound in the back of his throat. He loved when she prepped him for Hades by fucking him. Persephone sat down against the headboard and licked her lips. "Come here and ride me, princess", ordered Persephone, beckoning him over. Hades smirked and took the long white veil attached to Percy's hair with white roses and used it to tie Percy's hands behind his back. Percy gasped as he was guided over to kneel over Persephone's lap. Two sets of hands grasped him by the thighs and held him in place. "Are you going to be a good girl for daddy?", asked Hades with a dark voice. "Will you be good and ride your brother's cock hard for daddy, mh? Be daddy's good little princess?" Percy flushed pleased. They had finally worked out all the kinks of their kinks. He lowered himself onto Persephone's fake cock, trying to angle for his own prostate. Hades slapped his butt in encouragement, urging him on to go faster. Percy obliged, lifting himself off and bringing himself down again. He whimpered softly and craned his neck to pout at Hades. The god rolled his eyes and continued spanking Percy through the whole ride to urge him on. Percy smiled pleased as he rolled his hips slowly. Persephone beneath him watched with dark eyes, enjoying the sight thoroughly. "Aren't you a good girl?", asked Persephone with a grin. "I'm sure you can go faster, doll." Percy nodded and moved faster, thighs shaking with the strain of it the longer he went on. His cock was aching and begging for attention, but he wasn't daring to ask them for attention just yet. Hades came to kneel behind him, hands on Percy's thighs, hot breath ghosting over his neck. "You're doing very good, princess", whispered Hades darkly. "You think you can take us both?" Percy's eyes widened, making Persephone laugh lightly and smack his butt once. "Come on. We know you've been thinking about it, doll. I'm sure you can take me and daddy, right?" Percy bit his lips hard, stupid grin on his face as he nodded. "Yes, I'm sure I can, daddy." He craned his neck to look up at Hades endearingly. Hades groaned at the innocent look alone. Persephone grabbed Percy by the ass-cheeks and pulled them apart in invitation for her husband. An invitation Hades gladly took. He carefully eased his way in beside Persephone's strap-on, causing Percy to whimper and whine softly, tugging on his bonds a little. Both his lovers cooed soothingly at him until Hades was fully seated inside. They gave him a moment to adjust. "Daddy, daddy, please move, please", begged Percy when the way took too long. "Please, daddy?" "How could I ever deny my princess?", chuckled Hades, kissing Percy's shoulder. Percy groaned and threw his head back against Hades' shoulder as the god started fucking him for earnest. The movement easily lifted him off Persephone's toy too, then pushed him back down. Persephone all the while found Percy's neglected cock beneath the white dress and in the rhythm of Hades' thrusts did she start jerking him off. Percy groaned and moaned as his lovers fucked him. "Can you come for us, princess?", asked Hades, Percy's pulse caught between his teeth. "Come for daddy, baby girl? You're doing so good for me, mh?" "Da—addy", gasped Percy strangled as he came into Persephone's hand. "Such a good little consort we got there", smiled Persephone pleased, offering her hand to Percy and brushing her cum-covered fingers against his lips. "Be a good girl and clean that up." Eagerly, Percy opened his mouth and started sucking on the offered fingers while Hades fucked him even harder until the king came deep inside his new royal consort. They made sure to straighten up Percy's pretty dress as they sprawled down on the bed together, legs intertwined and gentle kisses shared between the three of them. Percy smiled softly as he soaked up their love like that. ~*~ The End ~*~