need romantic confusions", admitted Frank awkwardly. "What?", repeated Leo, growing a little suspicious. "Yes, we thought that would be too much for him at the moment", agreed Hazel. "And maybe a little as revenge because they kept interrupting us too!" "Seriously; What?", grunted Leo rather demandingly. "If you've been deliberately sabotaging the happiness of my parental figures and the boy who's become like a brother to me, you two are in a whole world of trouble right now. And what do you mean they interrupted you?" "Well, uhm... I guess now is as good a time as any?", inquired Frank, looking at Hazel. "Sure. I mean, first time the union of Charlena aren't hanging over Leo's shoulders", nodded Hazel. "What. In. The. World?", huffed Leo, growing frustrated with his two Romans. And then he was attacked. By lips and hands and Romans. He was kissed and groped and then they switched and someone else was kissing him and the other was groping him and he was pretty sure he was still asleep in his bed. Wait. Was this why Silena and Beckendorf had been glaring at Frank and Hazel ever since they had met them? Why they refused to leave Leo alone with them? "They worry about my virtue!", yelped Leo in sudden realization. "Yes, they do", said Hazel after a moment. "But we wouldn't mind... taking that burden from you." Leo blushed furiously, causing Frank and Hazel to laugh. Frank leaned in to kiss his neck. "Not now. Don't worry", whispered the former praetor. "After all, we do want to prove your guardians wrong. We don't just want sex from you. We want you to be ours. We'd like to take you out on dates and kiss you and make you happy. If... you'd want that." "I... I'd want that very much", nodded Leo shyly. "Perfect. So, let's use the time without your overbearing parental unit", suggested Hazel, grinning. "Uhm, I think I'd like that too", nodded Leo, blushing a bit. Frank and Hazel were grinning like sharks at him and then he was pushed onto the bed. /break\ "Percy, dear? Can we come in?", asked Silena to be polite before just entering the room. She looked upset as she found her little Sea Prince curled together on his bed. Silena and Charlie slowly approached the bed and sat down, Charles on the foot-end and Silena next to Percy's head. "It's okay to have nightmares", whispered Beckendorf, running his fingers over Percy's calves in a soothing manner. "We all have them. I still sometimes see the Princess Andromeda burning, the... the demigods who didn't manage to escape, burning alive because of us..." "Honey, we all carry our burden from the wars", murmured Silena, combing her fingers through Percy's soft raven locks. "But the thing is... you have to share your burden. Charlie and I, we share our burden. Charlie helps Jake, Nyssa and Leo, I help Piper, Mitchell and Lacy. We support each other. And... I had hoped that when you asked us to move in, you'd let us carry part of your burden." "I don't want to be a bother", whispered Percy, voice flat. "You're more of a 'bother' by trying not to burden us", stated Beckendorf bluntly. "Percy, we want to help you. But you make things more complicated for yourself and for us by not sharing." "I just... I feel like it's egoistic to push all my baggage onto others", countered Percy upset. "Silly little Sea Prince", chided Silena and leaned down to kiss his forehead. "You share your worries and nightmares with us, we share ours with you. We'd be helping each other, Percy. So, in a way, you're sabotaging our healing process too by being egoistic and not letting us help you." "...That's cheap, Silly",complained Percy with a glare. "What can I say? I know what buttons to push with you", teased Silena with a grin. "Now, do you want to tell us about your nightmare?", asked Charles, getting more comfortable. He leaned his back against the wall, pulling Percy's feet into his lap. Percy protested a little as Silena did the same, just that she proceeded to pull Percy's head into her lap. His protests were weak though, because if he was honest to himself, he wanted to be right where he was. "It was... about Tartarus... I was so afraid of never getting out again and the whole place made me feel so... so guilty for what I've done", admitted Percy lowly, fingers clawed into Silena's skirt. "It's alright, honey. You're not at that awful place anymore and you never will be again", promised Silena and leaned down to kiss his cheek. "And when you have a nightmare again, don't hesitate to come to us. Please. Tell me what I can do to make sure that you will." "Just... what you're doing right now...", mumbled Percy embarrassed. "Just be with me, please..." Silena's eyes softened as she looked at Percy. He looked so lost and vulnerable and only then did she truly see what the wars had done to her bright Sea Prince. She couldn't help but lean down and place a tender kiss on his lips. He was startled at first, but then he gladly accepted the kiss and started moving his lips against Silena. When they parted, he was breathless. And he didn't get a chance to catch his breath because Beckendorf leaned up and cupped his cheek, directing his lips to another kiss. And for the first time in what felt like years, Percy felt at ease. "Can we... stay right here for a little longer and just... lay together?", requested Percy softly. And Charles and Silena couldn't have been more happy to oblige his request. /break\ All the while, Nyssa was enjoying a breakfast meant for eight all on her own, trying not to think about what Will and Jake were doing in her room, or what was happening anywhere else in the loft. ~*~ The End ~*~