get started", interrupted Nico. "Lots of work to do." /break\ Even though Percy had promised himself to never be in awe of anything Nico owned again, he still stared with his mouth open as they entered the castle-like mansion that Nico owned, right at the beach – a private patch of the beach. It was so incredibly beautiful. "Amore, you're here." Percy whirled around to see Nico approaching them. Leo and Piper were getting the luggage out of Leo's car, while Annabeth stood next to Percy, also staring at the building, though with the eyes of an architect. Percy smiled as he ran over into Nico's arm. The billionaire chuckled amused as he laid his arms around Percy's waist and whirled him around a few times while kissing. There was such a tender smile on Percy's lips as he looked down at Nico, arms around Nico's shoulders while Nico was holding onto his thighs. Neither was thinking about letting go of the other. "This is beautiful", whispered Percy, getting lost in Nico's eyes. "The castle, I mean." "Let me carry you inside and show you around", offered Nico softly. "He can walk on his own", called Annabeth out and rolled her eyes. "Yes, he can. And I can carry him", hummed Nico, not minding her. "Hello to you too." Percy giggled a little as Nico did carry him inside. Clinging onto Nico, Percy looked around in awe. He waved a greeting when they walked past Frank, Hazel, Jason and Reyna, who were waiting inside to welcome them. Nico was still fixated on Percy's eyes. "Will you two stop it?!", called Leo out loudly. "You've only been apart for a week!" "Week's enough to miss my Perseus", huffed Nico annoyed. "Don't even try", chuckled Hazel amused. "They'll be gone for the next two hours. I'm Nico's sister, Hazel. It's nice to meet you in person. How about I show you to your rooms?" "Leo Valdez, supreme best buddy", replied Leo eagerly. "And yeah, rooms would be great." Percy smiled happily as he clung onto Nico and allowed the billionaire to carry him upstairs, where he was instantly dumped on the bed in the master bedroom. He grinned pleased as Nico leaned down and started kissing Percy passionately. The barista sighed pleased by that. "I missed you", whispered Percy while he caressed Nico's hair. "Oh, really?", asked Nico teasingly from where he was kissing down Percy's neck. "But you were being a good boy while I was gone, right?" A small, playful smile tugged on Percy's lips as he slowly pulled Nico up and into another kiss. "Yes, daddy. I was being very good. Impatient, but good." "Not anymore", whispered Nico soothingly. "I'm here now, babe. And we got the whole next three weeks to ourselves. Well, and our annoying friends, but mainly you and me." "Mainly you and me sounds good", grinned Percy pleased. /break\ It was, of course, not just Percy and Nico. They went to town together with the others, to the beach, lazing about in the giant garden or on the couches in one of the living rooms, having breakfast together on the balcony and generally getting to know each other properly. It was on their fourth day together in the Hamptons that they actually had cooked together. Well, it was a big barbeque and they had made various delicious looking salads to go along with the meat. Frank was a beast at the grill, even though Leo, Piper and Jason had tried to take it over, the man defended his grill from anyone trying to butt in. In the end, no one had any problems with it, because damn, Frank was a genius. Percy felt positively blissed out. Good food after a very long and very exhausting day – Nico and Percy had started it off with a two hour session of bondage fun and fucking, followed by brunch with Hazel, Piper and Annabeth for Percy, then a shopping-tour with Hazel and Reyna, the afternoon had been spent at the beach swimming and playing volleyball. "Can you pass me the potato salad, daddy?", asked Percy a bit tired. His mind was replaying the exhausting but fun day he has had today. Nico hummed, eating with one hand and passing the salad with the other. He didn't even notice at first, until he noticed the stares from everyone at the table and how silent it had gotten. Percy was blissfully unaware, clearly distracted by his own thoughts and the slowly settling tiredness. "...Well, that was unexpected", pointed Reyna out dryly. "Not really", disagreed Annabeth with a thoughtful frown. "Have you seen the way Nico pampers Percy and showers him with gifts? Most of those rather... childish, actually." "So I was right after all!", exclaimed Leo triumphantly. "Nico is your sugar daddy." Percy had paused in the middle of serving himself more potato salad, staring at everyone with large, frantic eyes. Panicked, really. Ready to bolt. Nico frowned concerned, searching Percy's eyes. "Babe?", whispered Nico softly. "You alright?" "Hey, man. We're just teasing", assured Frank with a frown, elbowing Percy. "You're not... uh...", drawled Percy confused and worried. "Dude, I accidentally walked into some nasty shit that you and Nico did in our bedroom. You calling him daddy? Not even half as weird as that", snorted Leo and rolled his eyes. "Yeah, no kidding", huffed Jason and turned a bit green. "I have seen things, things no bro ever should see his bro doing... I am already mentally scared for life." The atmosphere relaxed with that again, the others laughing softly and continuing their teasing. Percy smiled very carefully and slowly eased up too as their friends continued with the banter and with treating him just the way they always did. Nico encouraging smile helped too. Percy knew he could be glad that he had found those people – all of them. The amazing, caring boyfriend just as much as those wonderful friends of his. ~*~ The End ~*~