comforting manner. Percy watched them fondly, the smallest smile on his lips. This would prove to be interesting. /break\ "He's adorable", whispered Juniper with a small smile as she prepared the room. She was peeking through the half-open bathroom door while making the bed together with Piper. In the bathroom were Will, Nico and Trend. While Nico tried to scrub the little pup, Will tried to do a check-up. Take the pup's temperature, measure his height and weight. Trend wasn't cooperative. "He's deeply scarred", pointed Silena out, frowning concerned. "He already lost everything – his parents, his pack, his home. It'll take a lot of time before he's alright again..." "That's why I called you", countered Percy amused. "You're part of his pack too now. Pack helps." "For a vampire, you have a very good feeling for pack too", stated Charles, raising one eyebrow. While Juniper and Piper were making the bed, Percy, Charles and Silena were cleaning up some. The guest rooms were rarely being used and if so, they had enough time to prepare them beforehand. It was still far from a proper bedroom for a child, but for not, it at the very least had a bed, a bath and a roof over his head. Percy was a little concerned that the child may not like the presence of a vampire close by, which was why he had chosen to help cleaning up – so his scent would be all over the room too. By association, he may grow used to Percy then. "Look at the pretty cub that was hidden beneath the dirt", announced Nico proudly. He was carrying Trend back to the bedroom, holding him up by the armpits. The little boy squirmed and tried to escape. Nico carried him to the bed and sat him down there, starting to tickle his belly until the boy was finally forced to laugh a little and bare his tiny fangs to the Alpha. Percy smiled fondly as he sat down on the bed and watched his mate and the pup play. "I want you to meet some people, Trend", stated Nico once both were calmed down again and Trend was curled up in Nico's lap. "This is Percy, he's my mate, which makes him your Alpha too." "But he's a dead thing", frowned Trend, trying to hide in Nico's embrace. "A vampire", corrected Nico fondly. "Your parents were on the way over here because we wolves and the vampires live in peace. That's because me and Percy are mates. So you can't call them 'dead things' anymore. They're vampires. And I promise that the only vampires you'll meet here will be nice. Like Percy. Percy is very nice and he can be very silly, I'm sure you'll have fun with him." To prove Nico's point, Percy started making silly faces until the boy was giggling again. Nico smiled gratefully at his mate. Will, Charles, Silena, Juniper and Piper formed a half-circle around them, all offering the little boy smiles and trying to look as non-threatening as possible. "Those are Juniper and Piper, they work here. If there's anything you want or need, you can always ask them. Like, when you're hungry", continued Nico, nudging Trend's head with his own. "And those three are our pack-mates. Will, Charles and Silena. Guys, this is Trend." "Hello, little puppy", cooed Silena and reached out to pat his blonde curls. "I'm not little", objected Trend and wiggled his nose. "I'm already seven a half!" "My, such a big boy", grinned Piper. "Uhu!", agreed Trend, nodding wildly and looking around. "And... I can really stay here?" "You're part of my pack now and I, as your Alpha, am responsible for you", nodded Nico, grip on the pup tightening. "I'll protect you. Me and Percy, we're your Alphas from now on. We'll... never be able to replace your parents and we're not going to try, but from now on, we will try our best to do what they did for you. Protect you, feed you, care for you." Percy quirked his lips in amusement. So he had just adopted a kid without a prior word, huh? It was a good thing he had such a big heart then, because there was no way he'd put the little pup out into the rain again. Scooting closer, he slowly lifted a hand and caressed Trend's curls. The little wolf turned skeptical gray eyes on Percy, observing every little movement. Percy smiled. "I think we should leave them alone for a while", suggested Will, pushing the others out. One of the qualities about Will that Nico appreciated. The blonde was good at bossing others around and getting what he wanted. Now that it was just the three of them, Nico adjusted the pup to lay between Percy and Nico, facing his new Alpha. Percy wrapped his arms around the little child from behind and Nico laid his arms around both of them. "It's alright, Trend", whispered Nico softly. "You're safe now." It was all Trend needed to break down. The little boy started to sob, crying over the loss of his parents, the time he had spend isolated in that cell, having left his home forever. This was why Nico appreciated that Will had given them some privacy. Trend was a tough boy, but he was still only a boy. He needed to cry this out, in the safety of his new Alphas. Nico's eyes searched for Percy's, locking with the sea-green, soft eyes of his mate. Percy had his nose buried in Trend's blonde curls, looking tenderly at Nico. Nico smiled a little as he saw the acceptance in them. Author's note: The story will have three chapters. Just a tiny short sequel to round things up. Next chapter will unravel the mystery about the attack - who did it and why. And now with Trend around, Percy will start questioning if maybe he should start looking for an heir too; someone he could sire.