two who were at least a head or two taller than Percy and all three of them about twice as broad as Percy – laughed at that. When Nico saw something sparkling in the hand of one of the guys, he hissed. A knife. The light of a passing car on the main street reflected on the weapon. "We got a message for Hades di Angelo", snickered the shortest of the three. "Really? Just let me get a pen and I'll note it down for you", offered Percy with a smile. Oh, that beautiful naive sweet gentle Percy. Nico wanted to pull him down and hide him from the world. And then, the next second, the knife clattered onto the ground as Percy easily kicked it out of the thug's hand. The guy grunted in surprise and the other two lunged at Percy. Percy dodged them elegantly, before kicking the legs down from underneath one of them, making him collapse. Nico's mouth hung open as he stared wide-eyed at the fight unfolding in front of him. Percy was precise and graceful as he methodically fought off three bulky, physically imposing attackers and took them out one by one until they were all knocked out and laying in a heap on the ground. Percy stood up straight and dusted off his jeans before getting his phone out. "Thany, I got a bit of a situation here. Back alley behind the cinema. I'll leave the... garbage here for you to take it out and bring the goods home safely. Yeah", said Percy professionally. After he hung up, he went to check on Nico, concern written all over his face. All Nico could do was gape at Percy. This display of physical strength, of strategy. Nico was painfully hard. "Are you alright, Nico? I know I had them pretty much under control, but...", drawled Percy worried. "You look rather out of it. Did one somehow hurt you? Are you hurt?" "Fuck, that was hot", grunted Nico, voice dark as he grabbed Percy and pulled him into a kiss. Percy made a surprised sound as he was now the one pinned against a wall, Nico pressing up against him to let him feel just how hot Nico found it. Percy grinned just a little as he ground against Nico's half-hard cock, fingers looping into the Italian's pants. "Okay. How about we move this to our apartment, babe?", asked Percy amused. Nico nodded sharply. All he could think of was that his tame little kitten had just taken out three guys like it was nothing and didn't even seem breathless. This had most definitely been the hottest thing Nico had ever seen. The two made their way over to their apartment in record time and as soon as the door was closed, Percy was pressed against it and Nico was practically ripping the clothes off Percy, pawing at the former SEAL's six-pack, lips eagerly tracing fresh bruises and cuts from the fight, placing gentle soothing kisses on them. Percy groaned as he tried to maneuver them to the bed, but they only made it to the couch, where Percy just fell backward as Nico pushed him. "You. Were. So. Hot", growled Nico as he stripped down. "Shit. The way you moved. So precise and... like... deadly. So strong . So elegant. So... overpowering. Fuck." "Okay. If that's how you get when seeing me fight, I think I really want you to sit in on my training sessions with the guys", chuckled Percy amused as he spread his legs in invitation. Nico groaned darkly at the mere idea of getting a regular show of that. He grabbed the lube they kept on the stand next to the couch because they often didn't manage to make it to bed. He generously lubed up his cock and then sat down between Percy's legs, his lube-covered hand finding Percy's hole that twitched eagerly at the touch. Percy willingly wrapped his strong legs – legs that had literally just strangled a guy – around Nico's waist, thrusting up while Nico prepped him. Nico didn't have much patience tonight and his own arousal seemed to also leave Percy impatient and eager, because the bodyguard urged him on to get going. Nico gladly obeyed, thrusting hard and sharp in one go, earning him a strangled moan from Percy. Percy's nails scratched down Nico's back as the Italian started fucking him hard and fast. "S—Shit, you're so hot ", groaned Nico darkly, kissing and biting Percy's neck. "What you did to protect me. How you fought . I didn't think... Fuck." Percy was mainly amused and he was also definitely enjoying his lover's passion. With Nico's constant flow of praising words of adoration and amazement did Percy soon come into the hand jerking him off. Percy gasped breathlessly as he collapsed against the couch, adrenaline from the fight and the fuck slowly draining from him as he watched Nico work himself into his orgasm too. Nico soon came too, spilling deep inside his lover before he collapsed on top of Percy. Percy made a little sound at that, nudging Nico over so they were laying next to each other, allowing Percy to curl up half on top of Nico, seeking out his boyfriend's warmth. "You're incredible. I'm sorry I ever doubted your skills", panted Nico. "Oh. You can make up for it with sex", assured Percy amused, pecking Nico's lips. "And cuddles." Nico snorted as he wrapped his arms possessively around Percy's waist to pull him even closer so he could rest his chin on Percy's hair. This amazing creature in his arms had just taken out three armed thugs with his bare hands, all to protect Nico. And now he was curled against Nico like a docile little house-cat. Even though Nico had just finally seen the ferocious tiger behind the kitten. "I love you, kitten", whispered Nico gently. "I love you and I'm grateful to have you." ~*~ The End ~*~