After all, he wanted to look his best. Meeting with Percy in the dark of night to make out was one thing, meeting the hero's parents officially was another one entirely. He was the boyfriend of their Greek, former praetor. It still seemed a little surreal to the son of Venus, if he was being honest with himself. "H—Hello, Missus Jackson", greeted Mike nervously as he reached the table where Percy's family was already waiting for him. "And Mister Jackson. Nice to see you again, Tyson and Ella." "It's Mister and Missus Blofis, actually", grunted Paul, giving his best protective-dad-face. "It's Sally and Paul, actually", corrected Sally with a smile, pulling Mike into a hug. "Nice to meet you, Sally and... Mister Blofis", replied Mike with a small smile. "Sit, eat!", ordered Tyson with a bright smile. Percy stole a tender kiss from his boyfriend which caused Ella and Sally to coo before everyone sat down and ate. There was a little bit of interrogating and a lot of laughing and for the first time in too many years, Percy felt at ease again. Like he was just living a normal life. With his brother and his parents and his boyfriend, everything completely ordinary and wonderful. /break\ "I can't believe you actually told your parents you'd bring me home!", exclaimed Mike with wide eyes. "I mean, your stepfather was so short of ripping my head off, like me being alone with you means I'd viciously take your virginity or something like that!" Percy was having the time of his life laughing as his boyfriend freaked out. He loved this, it was amazing. He felt so carefree and normal in that moment as he walked the beach with his handsome, sweet boyfriend who was freaking out about Paul having giving him the 'Break my boy's heart, I'll break your arm!'-speech. Leaning up, Percy kissed Mike's cheek. "Calm down", grinned Percy amused. "Oh. Let's take a swim! Come on!" Mike wanted to protest, but having his two favorite things at once – Percy and the ocean – it was hard to deny. His eyes widened comically as Percy shed all his clothes in Mike's backyard and jumped into the water, butt-naked. Blushing furiously, he just watched Percy. "Come on! Join me!", called Percy loudly, waving his arms around. "The water is great!" "J—Just because there's a beach behind my house doesn't mean it belongs to me, which means you can't just walk around naked!", called Mike high-pitched. "It's the ocean , it belongs to me !", countered Percy with a laugh, arms spread. "...Point taken", nodded Mike a little amused. "And I, as the prince of the ocean, demand for you to drop your clothes and join me now, servant!" "Now you're overstepping, Percy!", chided the son of Venus with sparkling eyes. "Sorry, can't hear you. Too much ocean between us!", teased Percy and stuck his tongue out. Mike laughed as he obeyed and undressed. Percy was good for him. The boy knew how to have fun, he was sweet and nice. Once he was naked and in the sea, he easily caught up with Percy. The son of Poseidon wrapped his arms around Mike and pulled him into a kiss. Somehow, kissing Percy while both were naked and in the water was something else entirely. "I like you a lot, Percy", whispered Mike softly, trailing kisses along Percy's neck. "Mh... I like you too, Mike. It's... easy talking to you", admitted Percy. "Do you think we can work this out? When you leave?", asked Mike seriously. "Y—You really... want this? This, to be more than a vacation fling?", countered Percy nervously. "As I said, I like you. I want to try and make this work", nodded the son of Venus, arms tightly around Percy's waist. "Reyna and Frank talked about having Romans with the Greeks, just as the Greeks send some of their people over to New Rome to study there. An exchange to tighten the bond. I thought maybe I could... volunteer to be one of those Romans. I mean, your Greek camp is right around the corner, isn't it? We could see each other, go on dates in New York. I've never been to New York. You could show me the city. If... that's what you want too." "I think... I'd like that too", nodded Percy with a small, tender smile, kissing Mike. "Will you trust me to try something? Just... relax and let me do this, okay?" "Okay", nodded Mike stiffly, unsure what his boyfriend was up to. Once again, I apologize deeply for the inconvenience caused by trolls, but to find the juice part, make your way over to AO3 (by removing the - in the following): archiveofourown-.-o-r-g-/-works-/-3276554 "That was... unexpected and interesting", drawled Mike amused, holding onto Percy. "And good." "Well, with my first girlfriend, I shared an underwater-kiss. I figured with my first boyfriend, I should share an underwater-blowjob then", grinned Percy brightly. "Let's get back to the shore. I just want to hold you for a while", whispered Mike, heart pounding. They left the sea again and got comfortable on the sandy beach, curled together and watching the moon in the sky. It was a beautiful and serene night, making Percy wonder how things would work out in the 'real world'. Hawaii was the real world too, but this was a piece of paradise, he was on vacation. With regular life, high school, demigod-stuff. Percy hoped it would work out, because right now, he could picture growing old right here, at the beach and in Mike's arms. But life never did what Percy wanted. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: This one comes three months after "One Saga's Epilogue" and about two years before "A Very Half-Blood Christmas". So you know, they won't last because the endgame is Nicercy. But Percy has a dating-history and this story will get a sequel to explain how they broke up (and how Percy ended up with Octavian).