anyone. Not wanting to burden them. Annabeth had decided to attend school there and to move to New York so she could watch over him and try to help the boy she loved so very much. Another painful jolt was going through her being. She loved him, but perhaps not the way she used to. Not anymore. Ever since they had been reunited, something seemed so very off. All the things that had changed him, that had been wearing him down, they had also caused a raft between them. And Annabeth's close bond with Piper wasn't helping any. During the months before the Argo II launched, she had already spend a lot of time bonding with Piper, but by now, it felt like what they had was the most intimate relationship she had ever had. And they weren't even romantically involved. But they knew exactly what the other was thinking and wanted to say, they communicated without words, something they had perfected during this mission. Something she had once been able to with Percy too, to an extend. Never as brilliantly simple as with Piper though. And not anymore either. Since Tartarus, Annabeth knew that she had no idea anymore what Percy was thinking. What once used to be an open book to her now held seven seals – one from the Titan War, one from the abduction by Hera, one from the memory loss, one from the wolves, one from the Romans, one from Tartarus, one from the Giant War. Which didn't mean she was going to give up on him. He was still her best friend, even though her feelings may have changed. She would always love him, one way or another. "Where is Percy anyway?", asked Annabeth and stood. "Downstairs", chuckled Paul, shaking his head fondly. "You know he and Sally had been attached by the hip ever since you two came home this morning..." Annabeth shared his fond expression as they climbed down the stairs to find the two Jacksons curled together on the couch. Percy had his legs pulled up against his chest, his mother's one arm around him, caressing his side as he practically melted into hers. He looks so small and fragile right there that Annabeth had no hard time imagining what Percy must have been like as a kid. She didn't judge. On the contrary, she wished she could have that too. A family that loved her and could be there for her, cared for her in that extend. She knew Percy needed the comfort – she was grateful Sally could provide it. It was what she had hoped for, actually. That being back home would give Percy the chance to let go. During the quest, she assumed, he just knew it had been the wrong time to have a mental melt-down. He stayed strong and firm, was the leader and hero others expected him to be, even though she could only guess that deep down all he wanted to do was curl together in his mom's lap and hide from the world. The last war had already torn at him, but so soon after another one right away? It didn't help that he was probably feeling guilty for having put his mother through all that pain over the last eight months of his disappearance. He needed someone who could be strong for him now, after everything he had been through. And Annabeth knew she wasn't the one. Because she couldn't be strong any longer either. /Jason&Piper\ Jason knew what was to come the moment Piper entered the Zeus Cabin. He had anticipated that ever since they had recreated their fake-memory kiss. The kiss itself had been amazing, the scenery had been perfect. But they weren't. The reminder of how they had gotten together in the first place was lingering between them ever since. They had barely spoken a word since then – Piper mostly spending her time with Annabeth while Jason kept watch-duty at Nico's bedside (because it was either that or Will would tie the son of Hades down there to make sure he rested and given that choice, Nico rather preferred the Roman babysitter, thank you very much). Their relationship was based on false memories. Without those, would they have ever gotten together to begin with? Jason had witnessed it during the war – the special connection Piper shared with Annabeth. It ran deeper than what they had. He knew that. He was just biding his time by now. "Jason, I... think we should talk", whispered the daughter of Aphrodite and sat down next to him. He just offered her a smile as he put his glasses down to polish them. "It's alright, Pipes." "Mh?", inquired Piper confused, observing how Jason seemed focused on his glasses. He was decidedly not looking at her. "I know. And it's alright. But... we're still friends, right?" A small half-smile came to her lips as she nodded and leaned over to engulf him in a tight hug. "I... Yes. I just... I think I'm in love with Annabeth. And that's not fair to you." "But you know there's a little obstacle called Percy Jackson in the way, right?", asked Jason. "Well, you jumped ships once. Would you jump them again?", asked Piper with a nearly mischievous gleam in her eyes. "Will's dating Jake – come on, how do you not know that? You can't push him and Nico. But maybe... You and me, combining forces..." "Sounds like we're plotting world-domination and not the dating life of our friends", laughed Jason. Author's note: I wanted to wait with posting this until I have all three chapters - it's a three-parter - written. Buuut I'm currently also working on three different oneshots that take the post-BoO-turn, so I wanted the biiig one out first before any oneshots. As just mentioned, three chapters. Next one will have the rescue of Calypso, Nico's matchmaking skills for Reyna and Thalia and Percy and Annabeth having some serious discussions.