up at the bottom of a human pile of hugs and congratulations. Seriously, the people he cared about were way too emotional and clingy. /break\ It took Percy and Nico about half a month before they found the perfect apartment and another week before they were finally moved in, thanks to the help of all their friends. Sure, they still had some cardboard boxes standing around in the halls and the study, but the most basic and important things were all in place. Like their bed, the kitchen, the couch and the TV. Right now, they were curled together on the couch, Nico behind Percy and with his arms around the Sea Prince's waist to keep him pressed close against Nico's chest. They were watching the final two-parter of Danny Phantom – due to moving, they hadn't gotten to finish their marathon just yet. "Nick?", inquired Percy softly, just before the big show-down. "Mh?", grunted Nico in acknowledgment. "I love you." "I know", grunted Nico, now a little confused. "Yeah, I know that you know, but I just... felt like saying it", shrugged Percy, blushing a bit. "Just... laying here with you, like that, it... makes me just love you so much, I guess..." "That's cute", grinned Nico, kissing Percy's cheek. "You're adorable, gattino." "What does that mean?", asked Percy hastily. "I meant to ask that for a while now!" "It means 'kitten'. Because you reminded me so much of one when you were shrunk", explained Nico, kissing Percy's earlobe. "You were so affectionate and you actually purr ." "I snore. I don't purr. I'm not a cat", objected the embarrassed son of Poseidon. "Yeah, no. You're my kitten", declared Nico with a smirk. "You're so horrible", groaned Percy flustered. "Your fault. You make me horrible", countered Nico with a soft laugh. /break\ "Babe? Are you home?", called Nico as he entered the apartment, holding his backpack in one hand and a book he was reading in the other hand. "Gattino? Hello? Kitty-kitty-kitty-cat!" "Oh stop it, you-", started an annoyed voice from the living room. Grinning teasingly, Nico dumped his backpack at the door and continued on. It had been a year of dating and living together and things couldn't go better. Percy truly had blossomed back to that heroic, gorgeous and happy boy Nico had first met all those years ago. He enjoyed hanging out with their friends again, was more open about sharing his feelings again, not just with Nico. Even though Nico was still his most trusted confider, especially when it came to Tartarus or his past abuse. "Mh, such a good, little student", teased Nico amused as he found his boyfriend on the floor. Percy was laying in the middle of what looked like an intense study-session. Multiple books and notepads and notes spread out all around Percy, as well as one plate of blue chocolate cookies from Sally (to make the hard studying easier). Percy sat up some, enough to reach out for Nico. The son of Hades knelt down next to him to steal a kiss and then a cookie. "How was the praetor-meeting?", asked Percy, licking his lips. "Good, I guess", nodded Nico and got more comfortable. "Exhausting, I guess. But our new augur is a sweet thing. Rather young, but Danny seems like a good girl." After Reyna had retired to join the hunt and travel, fight and hunt with her girlfriend Thalia, Nico had been elected praetor, much to his own surprise. The Romans had been joyous to find the ambassador of Pluto who had helped save them all back in their midst. Nico had accepted. "Still worried how being praetor will affect your school-life", pointed Percy out, frowning. "Babe, the only thing affecting my school-life are you and your naked body waiting for me in our bed in the evenings", whispered Nico amused, licking his lips hungrily. Percy blushed, as he often did when that pierced tongue did pretty much anything. It only reminded him of all the naughty things that tongue and that piercing could do to him. His face darkened. "Oh, shut up", muttered the son of Poseidon embarrassed. Nico laughed loudly as he watched Percy's facial color. He had to admit, making Percy blush was one of his favorite pastimes. He shifted enough to be really comfortable, folding his arms over Percy's smaller back and resting his chin on top of them as he watched his lover. "You're so cute", grinned Nico, trailing his pierced tongue along Percy's neck. "D—Don't do that", hissed Percy irritated. "I'm trying to study." "Yes, I'm just testing your concentration", hummed Nico. "Oh come on, don't be such a nerd." "Don't be such a rebel. I have to finish this", huffed Percy. "Sorry, it's just... you're driving me completely crazy", whispered the son of Hades. "Well, the feeling is mutual, though right now, it's not meant as a positive thing", grunted Percy. Nico just grinned and hummed. Percy was so easy to tease. Cuddling up to the older boy, Nico just stayed silently at his side and watched Percy work. The day had been exhausting. School and then praetor-duties. By now it was already pretty late, but as long as Percy would be waiting for him at home, he always had something to look forward to. He still often visited Camp Half-Blood, or his friends would come over. Lou would be graduating this year and she already promised she'd be moving to New Rome for college too. His plan however was still to become a doctor and Percy was more than supportive of this – always with red ears and flushed cheeks. Nico knew exactly what kind of thoughts were running through Percy's head when he thought about Doctor di Angelo. Which was all the more motivation to reach his goals. "We're still on for dinner with my sister today though, right?", inquired Nico. Percy just smiled in reply, pulling Nico into a kiss. Yes, life was perfect. ~*~ The End ~*~