blush darkened when he noticed just how close Apollo really was. The blonde was practically sitting between Percy's legs, one knee on the bed, standing on the other while leaning in. He had one hand resting on Percy's cheek, thumb running over soft skin. "I thought it was the best approach, apparently I was mistaken", admitted Apollo with a frown. "I thought the... direct approach would be too dangerous. Uncle Poseidon surely wouldn't appreciate me seducing yet another cute cousin of mine. But it proved to be too hard to really stay away from you, so I decided to at the very least... watch. If I can't kiss you, I'd let my sun kiss you." Percy's blush felt as though it was as dark as the worst sunburn he had in the past three months. And Apollo just kept getting closer, by now he was properly sitting between Percy's legs, his free hand casually resting on Percy's thigh, the other still cupping his cheek. The hand on Percy's thigh moved up, very slow but still noticeable. Pushing the short-leg up more and more. "I... You... Kiss...?", stammered Percy, feeling completely dumb for this not-sentence. "If you insist", nodded Apollo with a cheeky smirk and just leaned in. Percy huffed in protest, but then he already had hot lips pressed against his own. Apollo's hand slipped down to rest against Percy's chest, fingers spread out as he put just enough pressure into it to press Percy onto the bed. Apollo was looming over Percy, deepening their kiss. Percy moaned at the way Apollo's tongue caressed his own, poking to invite it to a little dance. "If you don't appreciate the tan, I need to switch tactics and I'll have to do all the kissing myself, I suppose...", drawled Apollo with a wicked grin, licking his lips. "Okay", nodded Percy before he could even control his mouth, which only made him blush again. Apollo's sky-blue eyes sparkled in amusement at that. He had really driven the cute one crazy, it seemed. Poor, little Sea Prince. Lowering his face again, he kissed along Percy's jawline, down his neck. His lips grew more greedy as he caught the boy's pulse between his teeth, nibbling it. "Tell me what else you'd want me to do, aside from kissing...", prompted Apollo mischievously. Percy's answer wasn't vocal, but very clear nonetheless. He spread his legs and bucked up against the blonde, hooking his ankles around Apollo's legs to pull him closer. Apollo continued his journey, licking the salty sweat off the tanned skin, kissing along Percy's collarbone while his thumbs hooked into Percy's boxers to pull them off. Once Percy was bare, Apollo took a moment to lean back and appreciate the pretty picture. Beneath the boxers, Percy was still pale. He was too modest to walk around naked, after all. Which was good, because Apollo didn't appreciate the idea of anyone aside from him seeing Percy like this. A needy sound escaped Percy's lips, gaining Apollo's attention. Right, staring was rude. He should continue touching. "I've wanted you for a while now, Percy Jackson", whispered Apollo as he circled a pink nipple his with tongue, the other being squeezed between his fingers. "So gorgeous, so fierce..." Percy just laid there, in too much awe to really speak. He just enjoyed the way Apollo showered his body with attention. The blonde's lips seemed to be everywhere and when they finally wrapped around that one body-part that really wanted it, Percy could feel prodding fingers at his entrance. But Apollo's tongue was just too good and distracting for Percy to feel uncomfortable. Instead, he was a moaning mess, writhing in pleasure. There was a popping sound when Percy's cock left the tight heat of Apollo's mouth. The god hoisted Percy's legs over his shoulders and positioned himself at the demigod's entrance. He was distracted for a second when he saw the debauched look on Percy's face from that little making out. He couldn't wait to see what Percy would look like once Apollo would be done with him. With that thought in mind, he thrust into the loosened tightness, earning him a whimper. His pace wasn't slow for long, because Percy's sounds were too intriguing, so only after a few minutes, he was thrusting deep and hard, set on getting the most delicious sounds out of his little Sea Prince. Percy's nails were clawed into Apollo's back, scratching to leave marks, while Apollo jerked Percy off and fucked him hard. Apollo didn't mind. He had left so many marks on Percy's body already, it would only be fair if Percy would leave some too. "So beautiful", murmured Apollo in total awe, kissing Percy and capturing an especially delicious sound from the boy. "And so tight . I will definitely come over more often, little one." Percy moaned in agreement while Apollo tortured his prostate and urged an orgasm out of the son of Poseidon. With a whimper on his lips did Percy come, spilling all over his own stomach. His legs around Apollo's waist tightened, urging the blonde on to finish too. Apollo obeyed. How could he not, after all? The way Percy's muscles tightened around him, accompanied by the low panting of the beauty, it was enough to drive even a god insane. Crashing his lips into Percy's in one hot, long kiss, he came deep inside the Sea Prince, filling him up with his warm seed. Groaning softly, Apollo pulled out once he was completely spend, then collapsed on Percy's bed. "What would you say if I'd come over more often?", asked Apollo casually. Percy rolled over to rest his head on Apollo's chest. "I'd like that. But please stop stalking me." "As long as I get what I just got, I'll only stalk you when I have to", chimed Apollo, kissing Percy's temple. "So don't stray, little one. I'm a bit... possessive. The sun's the only one to kiss your skin." ~*~ The End ~*~