clawed into Nico's shoulders. The Italian grunted surprised when Percy flipped them over and straddled Nico's waist, glaring at him. "Okay...", grunted Nico surprised as Percy had him pinned by the shoulders. "Either you're serious and want me, or you're just fooling around", hissed Percy irritated. "Hey, hey", whispered Nico soothingly. "Hey now. I'm not fooling around here. It's our first time, I just wanted to take it slow and enjoy your body, marvel at your beauty..." "Well, you're allowed to ogle and 'marvel' all you want once you properly knocked me out with your cock", stated Percy simply, glaring down at the human, ears erect. "We bunnies don't mate with tender kissy-stuff and crap. We fuck. Hard and fast. You can have that tender stuff when I'm not in heat and on edge. Right now, I want your cock inside of me, filling me up and breeding me." "You're... hot when you take charge like that", noted Nico dumbfounded, blinking doe-eyed. Percy grinned down at his chosen mate and adjusted himself to hover above Nico's hardness. How often had he pictured having Nico inside of him? His own cock twitched at the mere thought. He thrust down, impaling himself on the thick cock, grateful he had been playing with himself before Nico had come here so he was now more than ready for his owner. "Y—Yes", moaned Percy when he hit his own prostate with Nico's cock. "S—So thick and nice and warm and... good. Wanted you for so long! My mate, right? Only mine?" "Only yours", panted Nico in agreement while Percy rode him as though there was no tomorrow. All Nico could do was lay there and let Percy take what he wanted, the bunny was so vigorous in his movements. It took the Italian a moment before he had himself collected enough to actually act. He reached out and wrapped his fingers around Percy's cock, causing the bunny to pause at the warm touch. Only for a moment in which their eyes met, after that short moment, Percy started moving again. Within minutes, Percy came all over Nico's chest, not stopping his movement until he could feel Nico coming deep inside of him. Percy bend over, kissing Nico slowly and borderline lazily, his lips dragging down to his chest. Nico squirmed and tried not to laugh as Percy's tongue darted out, placing little licks on the Italian to clean him off the cum. Once Nico was nicely clean, Percy lifted himself off Nico's slowly softening cock and attached his lips to it. Nico groaned exhausted as Percy kept nibbling and kissing and licking his dick back into hardness. "More", demanded Percy with hooded eyes, licking his swollen lips. "You're incredible, coniglietta", whispered Nico in awe, sitting up some and patting his lap. "But now... Come here first. Give me at least a minute break and a kiss, my love." Percy's nose twitched in excitement as he climbed onto Nico's lap and laid his arms around the Italian's neck. This kiss was filled with affection and tenderness and Percy felt himself melting. "And now you'll fuck me again, right?", asked Percy hopefully, kissing the corner of Nico's mouth. "Hard and long and good, yes? And deep . I want you to breed me well, mate." "...Breed?", echoed Nico stunned and blinked slowly as realization set in. "Oh. Oh fuck. Right, condoms. You're a submissive hybrid. I need condoms. I'm so sorry, Percy." Percy blinked doe-eyed and tilted his head confused. "Why? You're my mate. You said you want me. I—If you want me, you have to... to want me wholly. As your mate, right? I wanna be your mate. I wanna have your kits. You don't... want me to have your kits...?" Nico could only stare at Percy in awe. He had gotten pressure from the press for a while now, carrying the family name and continuing the family business. He had always liked children and for the past few years, he had often thought about having children, but this was a little sudden. Then again, when he looked at his bunny, all needy and confused and determined , there wasn't anything else to say. He wanted this. The whole deal. When he looked deep into those sea-green eyes, he could see it all. He could see Percy and him, together. Attending balls, going on vacations, having dates, raising an adorable bunch of children with floppy ears and cottontails. "I... want you...", whispered Nico with as much conviction as possible, grasping Percy's face and kissing him. "For more than just sex. For... everything you have to offer, my love." "Then breed me", ordered Percy with a frown, eyes crossed in impatience. How could anyone say such a kinky thing while looking so utterly adorable? Nico smiled amused and shook his head, adjusting Percy to sit on all fours. The bunnyboy eagerly spread his knees a bit, tail raised in expectations. Nico leaned over, holding onto Percy's his while he eased his hardness into the loose yet tight hole. His lips found Percy's neck, kissing and nibbling it while thrusting. "Sh, good little bunny", whispered Nico as he caught Percy's ear with his teeth, tugging a little. "I'm going to breed you good, my little bunny. I'll fuck you into oblivion, you'd like that, mh?" Percy just moaned in agreement, bucking back against Nico until they came, joined in their orgasm. This time, even Percy was satisfied and laid down pleased. Nico smiled softly when he curled together around Percy, pulling the bunny up against his chest. Percy hummed contently. "I love you, Nico", whispered Percy softly. "Very much. You... saved my life." "I love you too", replied Nico, kissing along Percy's shoulders. "I knew it the moment I first saw you in that coffee shop. I... know I never want to miss you again in my life, coniglietta..." Percy had the happiest smile possible on his lips. This was karma finally repaying him. ~*~ The End ~*~