with you because he'll realize that he only was with you because of the fake memories. I know that, you told me so. You told me how much you can't believe that someone like him would want you. Leo, whatever your former foster siblings and parents and homes may have made you believe, you are a wonderful and lovable person. You're adorable and kind and lovely. And I actually hope Rachel is right, because if you had other lovers, you may realize that others love you, that you are lovable." "You're being too depressing for my liking", frowned Annabeth, poking his nose. "I'm glad Percy has never been that depressing. You need to spend some bonding time with him, he'll be good for you. He can teach you a lesson about confidence and staying true to yourself." With that, Annabeth stood and left the duo. She knew the bond between Piper and Leo ran deep. She was one of the few people the scarred Latino could let close to himself – her, his boyfriend and Jake and Nyssa. Instead, she decided to check on her younger brother. Truth be told, she was glad to know Malcolm at her side. A quest alone, it had scared her. Especially one of such importance. "Hey", whispered Annabeth, sitting down next to Malcolm. "Mh", grunted Malcolm with a short nod, still focused on every little thing they could find on the Mark of Athena, even though it was barely anything. "I don't know about this... It's so... important." "I know", sighed the daughter of Athena with a gravely nod. "We're descending! We're landing! We're there!", exclaimed Leo loudly and excitedly suddenly. Annabeth smiled amused at the Latino, he was the epitome of hyperactive. Percy was going to love the kid. In a platonic way, added Annabeth in her thoughts. What Percy liked were the strong ones, the ones who took what they wanted and never gave it back again. Leo was the opposite of that. But Annabeth was pretty sure that the two of them would still get along very well. Getting up again, she came to stand at the rail, staring down longingly, scanning the ground. "There he is! Travis, Connor!", called Annabeth suddenly, waving the Stolls over. Within a second, she had a Stoll on either side of her, the two nearly falling off the ship as they spotted what Annabeth had seen. It wasn't possible in that distance to see Percy's eyes, but Annabeth was still sure she saw the sparkling of sea-green depths as the black-haired boy stood there in the middle of the place, waving his arms widely around. "Who's that? That's not Nico", frowned Travis irritated. "Why's he touching our Sea Prince?" Annabeth blinked a couple of times and stared more intensely. There was a blonde guy standing behind Percy, his arms wrapped around Percy's waist quite possessively. Really? Leaving her to worry and he went off to find himself new toys to play with? She was so going to punch him! There were many presumably Romans running around the place, setting gigantic tables as though they were preparing for a celebration. To celebrate with them, or to celebrate their victory over the Greeks once they had slain the crew of the Argo II...? Only a handful of people stood at the place and seemed to await the ship's landing. Percy and his new blonde lover were two of them. Next to Percy stood a female with black hair, dressed with the same purple robes. The leaders. Percy had become the leader of the Romans. Jason had told the Greeks all about their customs and about praetors. It was a relief to see that Percy had managed on his own. Two more Romans stood there with them, or at least Annabeth thought they must be Romans because they were wearing purple too. A broad guy and a dark-skinned female. The last few made Annabeth smile. Tyson was standing behind his brother, waving his arms just as widely around, Mrs. O'Leary running in circles around them. Next to Tyson was someone with red hair Annabeth didn't recognize. Curious. "Well, it looks like he made friends", smiled Annabeth softly and relieved. Piper stepped up to her, resting her arms on either side of Annabeth on the rail. "Looks like it." "If he had sex with some Romans without us knowing, he'll get a spanking!", exclaimed Connor. "And where the fuck is Nico?", huffed Travis, glaring down. "He said he needed to check something and then he would meet us here! I though he would be greeting us together with Perce!" "Maybe... he got into trouble", frowned Jason as he joined them at the rail. "He had been visiting Camp Jupiter before my disappearance too after all. Perhaps now with Percy in the picture, they concluded that Nico may be involved in my kidnapping...?" "If your Roman friends hurt our Ghost Prince, I will skin you", growled Connor darkly. "No assumptions, please!", called Rachel out and lifted her hands in peace offering as she too together with the rest emerged from within the ship. "Let's land and talk first, okay?" "Rachel is right", nodded Jason with a glare. "But... stay clear from the augur. He's dangerous." He had told them dozens of times already in the past months. As Leo too finally came back, Jason grabbed his boyfriend and hugged him close. The augur hated Greeks. If he would hurt Leo... Author's note: Sooo, here you go, as promised, even on midnight of my birthday (damn, I'm tired...)! You didn't actually expect to see Percy, did you? *smirks wickedly* No, seriously. I had to introduce the crew first. That's kind of the point of prologues, isn't it? Introductions. The hot smut and reunion-feast starts in the next chapter when the Greeks and Romans celebrate. Plot will differ a little/lot from "Mark of Athena". Mainly because I kind of disliked the book. But it'll work, I have it all planned out! ;)