Demon. Whatever. Either way, he was all that occupied Nico's mind. "Shut up, Hazel", muttered Nico embarrassed and blushed. "Yes, Hazel, shut up", agreed the Latino flying next to them. "I wanna hear more!" "Oh, you're in for a spanking once we get home, Leo", warned Hazel with a glare. Leo blushed brightly, his long, leathery wings flapping wildly. The submissive dragon was quite beautiful. Caramel skin, black curls, dark, coal eyes. Golden horns pointed out of the mess of curls, his long, scaled tail and wings were fire-red, long claws as golden as his horns. He was adorable, but by far not as adorable as Nico's little puppy (not that he would say that out loud in front of Hazel and Frank). The shifter was accompanying them, flying beside them in the form of a raven. Nico had babbled on and on about Percy ever since he had claimed his submissive and Hazel has had enough. She had demanded to meet that boy in person, so right now, Nico was heading home with Hazel and her own two boys. Nico was eager to show his boy off, because Percy was the most beautiful creature ever and the kindest too. They had spend a lot of time together, had done everything. Traveling the human world, going to see movies, eating in restaurants and walking in the park (as a puppy and as a human). They talked, read books together. Well, Percy couldn't read, but he enjoyed the sound of Nico's voice. Nico now knew that Percy loved blue things – since dogs didn't see in color, it was very exciting for Percy to see in his hybrid-form and nothing fascinated him more than the color blue. Percy loved swimming and he had fast learned how to bake. Percy also had a thing for adventures, may it be as stories, or living them himself. He was honorable, had defended smaller creatures in the park without regard of his own safety (which had gotten him quite the hard spankings, because Nico's mate wasn't allowed to endanger himself). But all around, Nico hadn't regretted mating Percy. Not once. "Perseus? My puppy, I'm home. And I brought guests, friends of mine who want to meet you", announced Nico loudly before turning to his friends. "Do not come too close to him though. He's highly pregnant and... well, my instincts are in overdrive. I'm a bit too protective these days, that's how Perseus puts it. So... just a little heads up, you know." Frank had changed back to his human form, a broad and tall Asian. He laid one arm around his own submissive, the cute dragon curling his tail around Frank's leg. Nico frowned confused when he didn't get a reply from Percy and when neither of his animals was around either. He walked farther into the apartment, aware of a confused Hazel hovering over him as well. Only when they entered the bedroom did Nico catch on with what was going on. His mate was laying on the bed, curled together, with Zerberus pressed against his back, on high alert and watching out for any kind of danger. Mrs. O'Leary was laying at Percy's head, licking the boy's sweaty face. And in Percy's arms were the two most perfect tiny creatures possible. Nico stared doe-eyed as he walked up to the bed, cautious of the three-headed dog that was currently in protecting-his-pup's-pups-mode. "A—Are those...", started Nico stunned, his hands shaking. "Ours", nodded Percy, licking one tiny olive-skinned cheek. "A boy and a girl. Beautiful pups." Nico wasn't sure if he was allowed to take one of the babies – he knew that mothers could be fiercely protective of their younglings so short after the birth. But Percy lifted one of the babies up and handed it to Nico, cautious for the little girl's head. She was perfect. Black curls, black eyes, black feathered wings and equally black dog-ears and a tail. A hybrid. Half Dog Demon, half Death Angel. And she was amazing. Kissing her head, Nico placed her back in Percy's arms so he could take the other child. A little boy, with the same features as his sister, but with Percy's bright, sea-green eyes. The little boy giggled and yelped as he looked at his dad. "Oh my gosh, they are totally adorable !", exclaimed Leo loudly, startling everyone. Nico glared at the loud dragon, who sheepishly went to hide behind Hazel and Frank as the adult dogs in the room started growling at him. Hazel hugged her sub, caressing his curls soothingly. "Never challenge a mother", warned Frank annoyed. "And Dog Demons are fierce ." "That they are", agreed Nico with a smirk, lifting the tiny boy up into the air. "You too, little fellow? Are you as fierce as your mommy, mh? What's your name, cagnotto?" "Donny", replied Percy softly. "And his sister... Bianca. Like your sister." Nico had told his mate about his long-gone sister. A sad and affectionate smile spread over Nico's lips at that. It was what he loved so much about Percy, his big heart. Hazel caught on with the atmosphere and the fierce glares from Zerberus, so she thought it best to take her two boys and leave the little family on their own for now. They could come and meet Percy and the cubs later. "Why didn't you contact me when you went into labor?", asked Nico with a frown, laying down opposite Percy so their pups were trapped between them. "I would have come right away." "What for?", asked Percy ridiculed. "You couldn't have done anything anyway, you would have just annoyed me with your pacing. You've already been pacing for days. I was fine. I am fine. And so are the pups. Now they're here and now you're here too. Everything is fine." "Yes...", nodded Nico slowly, caressing Donny's curls. "Everything is fine." "Mate and pups", smiled Percy happily, snuggling up to Nico. "Everything is perfect ." ~*~ The End ~*~