A—And forget-me-nots represent... true love and faithfulness." While Percy was too busy trying to get his heart to beat at a normal rate again, Sally smiled to herself. "So you have a message for Percy and that message being that you think of him, that you think he has the most beautiful eyes and that you won't leave his side any time soon, because you want to confess your secret but true love and faithfulness to him?" "Y—Yes, ma'am", nodded Nico stiffly and awkwardly. "I'm sorry. It was a stupid idea. And the timing is horrible, it's your birthday and we should just celebrate and please forget-" The rest of his overly awkward excuses were swallowed by Percy's lips as the other boy literally threw himself at Nico. Both crashed onto the floor, with Percy on top of Nico, arms around Nico's neck as he comfortably sat on Nico's lap and deepened the kiss. "That's the best present ever!", exclaimed Percy breathlessly once they parted. "D—Didn't know you'd be that happy about flowers...", frowned Nico confused. "No, you dumbass!", huffed Percy, hitting Nico's chest. "You! Confessing your love to me! I mean, that totally means I get you to be my boyfriend as my birthday present, right?" Feeling mischievous, Sally placed one of the blue ribbons that were left over from Percy's earlier present-tearing-orgy on top of Nico's messy hair. The Italian turned red and Percy smiled even brighter. Oh, those two were going to be so cute together, she could just feel it. "I really hope you don't plan on... unpacking that present", stated Paul seriously as he and Tyson entered the kitchen. "Very nice to meet you, boy. I hope you know to treat Percy right." "Yes, sir", nodded Nico hastily, wide-eyed. He hastily brushed the ribbon off his head as he tried to stand. Percy allowed it, albeit reluctantly. Sally all the while lit the candles on the cake and placed it on the table, between the two vases. Their family and guest gathered around, sitting down and waiting for Percy to extinguish the flames. As Percy did so, everyone clapped. The birthday boy proceeded to cut the cake and Sally served everyone a piece of the cake. Nico was blushing a little as he had Percy all snuggled up to him, smiling so incredibly happily that Nico wasn't sure he even deserved the boy. "I love you too", whispered Percy as he stole a piece of cake right from Nico's fork. "Get used to that", advised Paul. "When it comes to blue food, those two don't take prisoners." "I don't mind", smiled Nico, melting at the breathtaking look on Percy's face. "That's good", grinned Percy delighted, planting a kiss on Nico's lips. "Does that mean Nico is Percy's Prince Charming?", asked Tyson innocently. "Like in fairy tales?" "It totally does", agreed Percy with a cheeky grin. Nico had a feeling he would be blushing and stuttering awkwardly a lot during the rest of the evening. This family was something else alright. Nico was already frightened of what would happen once Percy's and Nico's families would meet each other. "Can we watch the movie now? Pretty please", begged Tyson with large eyes. "Yes!", exclaimed Percy eagerly and rushed off, together with his brother. Sally and Paul sat down on the couch together and Nico took a seat on the farthest other end, figuring Percy would want to sit next to his mother. Percy was putting the disk in while Tyson got a bowl of popcorn and another piece of cake for himself before snuggling up to his mom. Nico frowned concerned. The couch was good for four people, but there was no way it left room for Percy now. Percy was the birthday boy, he should get a comfortable seat, but where else was Nico supposed to sit? Before Nico had a chance to get up, he had a lap full of Percy. The Italian's face was aflame as Percy rested his head on Nico's shoulder, comfortably snuggled up to Nico. "P—Percy", hissed Nico awkwardly, looking over to Paul and Sally. "Oh, we don't mind. As long as your hands stay appropriately above waist-line", warned Paul. "Y—Yes, sir", mumbled Nico embarrassed, wrapping his arms around Percy's waist. Percy chuckled amused by his new boyfriend's awkwardness. It was too cute. Looking over Nico's shoulder, Percy took another look at his blue bouquet of love-confession. A brilliant smile found its way onto his face once again. This was the sweetest thing ever. Nico was the sweetest thing ever. "So, I was thinking-", started Nico, before Tyson hit him. "Ouch." "No talking during Disney movies!", exclaimed Tyson wide-eyed. "Big brother has to teach you a lot! We don't talk when we watch Disney movies and Percy doesn't want talk when we watch Marvel movies so you have to be like double-silent now! Shush!" The seven-years-old was adorable as he glared at Nico, one finger pressed to his lips. Grinning a little, Nico nodded and ruffled Tyson's hair. Percy was giggling to himself, face buried in Nico's neck. His warm breath was tickling Nico's neck in all the wrong ways. "Please stop being all warm and... and... seductive while we're sitting on a couch with your brother and parents", whispered Nico into Percy's ear as he felt Percy's lips on his neck. "You're no fun", hummed Percy with a slight pout. "Also, stop talking or Ty will forever ban you from family movie nights and we wouldn't want that to happen, Nico." "If you don't both shush it, you'll both be banned", teased Sally. "Mom! It's my birthday! Can't I watch a movie and tease my boyfriend?", whined Percy. "I'd rather you wouldn't do the latter", deadpanned Paul. "At least not while I'm here too." "I second that", muttered Nico embarrassed, hiding his face in Percy's soft, fluffy hair. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: It was a pain in the ass to find blue flowers with the right meanings. xD