with a crappy stepfather and they're meant to remind me that everyone battles their own monsters and that if you keep surviving, you win." Nico hummed softly. Percy had mentioned some things about his childhood. Not exactly what Nico wanted to remind Percy of during their first night together. To distract his boyfriend, Nico leaned down and kissed him deeply. Percy mewled into the kiss, arching his back and lazily laying his arms around Nico's neck to keep him close. Nico grinned into the kiss before breaking it. Percy eagerly bared his neck to Nico, urging him on to kiss it. Nico gladly obeyed. He kissed and nibbled along Percy's neck and to his collarbone where waves were clashing and a little merboy in Disney style that looked quite a lot like Percy was emerging from the sea that covered Percy's right torso. Nico placed a gentle kiss on merboy Percy's face, making the real Percy chuckle amused. "Gorgeous", whispered Nico as he licked along the waves. Percy groaned as that tongue started lapping at his tats. Teeth scratched over inked skin, kisses were placed all over the colorful pictures. Nico's hands traced Percy's arms and spread them, pinning his wrists to the bed. After thoroughly worshiping Percy's torso and leaving a trail of hickeys darkening the blue of the ocean tattoo, Nico moved along Percy's right arm, until he got to kiss every single fingertip of Percy's. Then, Nico moved over to Percy's left tattoo-sleeve, showering it as thoroughly with kisses and words of adoration, claiming how beautiful and gorgeous the tattoo artist was. "Ni—ico", whined Percy, thrusting his hips up. "Sh. No. Not done yet", growled Nico, pinning Percy by his shoulders. "You need to keep still, mia artista. There is still so much more art to be admired and enjoyed." Gently, Nico rolled Percy a bit on his side, careful fingers tracing the monster tattoos. It felt wrong kissing them, but they definitely deserved acknowledgment. Placing a soft kiss right above that tattoo, Nico adjusted Percy to lay on his back once more. Finally, Nico got to pay attention to the three horses that he had pictured so often in his masturbating sessions. He licked broad, greedy stripes all over, scrapping skin raw with his teeth as he marked and teased. Once he was pleased by the markings he had left on the ink-marked skin, Nico finally paid attention to the hard, leaking cock in front of him. Percy made a strangled sound as Nico wrapped his cunning lips around the head and started deep-throating him. Those lips were going to haunt Percy for many nights to come. All Percy could do was moan and gasp while his boyfriend sucked him off. His moaning stuttered when Nico pushed a gentle finger into Percy's desperately clenching hole. The tattoo artist hadn't even noticed how his lover had lubed anything up. But there they were, slick fingers working his hole and even more slick fingers tracing his tattoos greedily, the pads of his fingers pressing down hard as though he was trying to leave some more bruises. Considering Percy was the one professionally marking skin, Nico was doing a pretty darn good job of it himself. "C'mon, Nico, please, more", groaned Percy frustrated, bucking his hips up. "Ple—ease." Nico found it utterly impossible to deny his beautiful artista. Especially when Percy was naked, flushed and begging for Nico to fuck him. Nico put more gusto into his oral work, teasing all the right spots until Percy came with the most wrecked little whimper. It was a beautiful sound that Nico wanted to hear every single night from here on out. Licking his lips pleased, Nico sat up and positioned himself at Percy's entrance. Percy was a panting puddle of pleasure already when Nico started fucking him. The sounds he made were absolutely endearing. Once again, Nico's hands came to trace Percy's tattoos, a nearly dreamy expression on Nico's face as he marveled at Percy's beauty, making the tattoo artist blush pleased at the attention. Percy enjoyed the aftermath of his orgasm with the sensation of Nico fucking him. Percy watched with hooded eyes how gorgeous Nico was above him, fucking him like this. The Italian didn't last long, too edged on from mapping out Percy's tats with his tongue already. Spending himself deep inside his lover, Nico bit down hard on Percy's neck to leave just one final mark on the perfect body beneath him. "You know...", whispered Percy breathlessly as they curled together. "You seem really into painting skin too. I'll be teased to death at work tomorrow. You know how merciless they are." "Well. You could always just... stay home tomorrow?", suggested Nico, grinning like an idiot as he wrapped his arms tightly around Percy's waist. "Stay here, at home, with me. Breakfast in bed, more fucking, a shower, maybe shower sex, some more worship of your beautiful body, perhaps another round of sex before lunch...? And lots and lots of cuddling?" "You know, you could have really become a lawyer", drawled Percy teasingly. "You drive quite the hard bargain, Mister di Angelo. I might just be swayed to call in sick..." "Might? What do I have to do to make that a 'definitely'?", asked Nico eagerly. "Get me a pen and lay down on your back so I can map out your body", purred Percy, eyes dark. Nico raised his eyebrows, slight grin on his lips. That might just be a deal he could agree to. Then again, he'd let Percy tattoo his entire body if it meant keeping Percy here with him... ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: This one goes to Goddess of the Multiverses . I dunno if you remember, but like... a year ago or so, I was in a writing slump and asked you for a random prompt. And somehow, I got deeper into the slump and the story kept laying around unfinished for ages. Now, I finally finished it :3