afterward, because Percy just felt too amazing and the picture of a debauched Percy beneath him was the straw to break the camel's back. Growling deeply, he came inside of his lover. "God, that... you... just...", groaned Percy exhausted, spread out all over the bed. "Yes, indeed", agreed Nico amused and kissed Percy's nose. "Now let's get you cleaned up." "...Moving...?", asked Percy with a slight whine to his voice. "No, you just look gorgeous", chuckled Nico and lifted Percy up bridal style. He carried Percy over into the master bathroom and cautiously placed Percy in the large bathtub. Then he applied rose petals and some oils and turned on the hot water before climbing in behind Percy. Grabbing a large sponge, Nico started to rub soothing circles on Percy's back. Percy groaned happily as he got the special, tender treatment from his boyfriend. "You're such a good boy", praised Nico and kissed along Percy's neck. "Well, actually you're not and I really want to spank you again for that stunt you pulled today. But seeing as that is contra-productive to your current state, we will delay this until you feel better tomorrow." "Yes, sir", mumbled Percy embarrassed, hiding his face in his hands. "I'm sorry. I know better, normally. I swear. I'm just... I know I was dumb. I promise I'll never do it again." "Not sure if I can trust you on that", frowned Nico as he started massaging shampoo into Percy's scalp. "I want you to move in with me, that way I can keep watching over you." "I don't need a babysitter", grunted Percy flushed and irritated. "I told you, I normally know better." "It's not like that, amore", assured Nico, kissing Percy's shoulder-blade. "It's... you're... very special to me and I do want to make sure that you're taken care for and safe. But I also... This is a very large and very empty house, but whenever you're here, it's brighter and warmer. I love having you here and I'd love to have you here all the time. If that would be something you'd want." He laid his arms around Percy's waist and pulled him flush against his chest so he could start soaping Percy up as both were laying comfortable. Percy loved this. If this was what Nico would do after they had sex, then damn, Percy wanted to have sex every day. The tender touch and soft words were incredibly soothing and he started to truly believe that what he had done early hadn't been right. He had just never been with such an intense dom before. It had all been more playful little games with some bondage and some spanking, not so many orders, so many specifics. This was more intense than anything he ever had and he was afraid he'd screw it up. "I'd like that", whispered Percy and closed his eyes blissfully. "Living with you, being yours." "Not always", frowned Nico, kissing Percy's temple. "I don't want a 24/7 sub. I want for us to... balance our love life and our kink life out. I want you as my boyfriend, I want us to be romantic and tender, not just strict and about orders. You know that, right?" "I have no idea how you imagine this to go down, but sure", nodded Percy with a frown. "I'd like to keep things the way we had them. I'd give you some smaller orders throughout the day and when we're together, we're... lovers. Our playtime starts with the nicknames, maybe we could redecorate a special playroom to which we restrict our playtime, to make the... cut clearer", replied Nico thoughtful, caressing Percy's stomach and tracing his sixpack absentmindedly. "But we can figure those things out as they come along, amore mio. For now, I just want you with me." "Me too", grinned Percy and rolled over onto his stomach, resting his cheek on Nico's chest. "I love you too, you know", murmured Nico, kissing the top of Percy's head. "I know I call you my love quite often, but I never actually said it aloud. And seeing as you proved that you're bad at reading between the lines, I'll spell it out for you. I love you, with all of my heart, Perseus." Percy grinned sheepishly, his cheeks set afire as he looked up at Nico from beneath his lashes. "I know. I should have known. A lot of things, I guess. You're perfect, you know?" "Been told that before", hummed Nico with a teasing smirk. "It's good you're perfect too, because otherwise we'd be a terrible match now, wouldn't we?" "Absolutely", agreed Percy with a broad grin, leaning up to peck Nico's lips. "And you know that, now that you're living with me, you wouldn't have to work in the sex-shop anymore", drawled Nico reluctantly after another while of enjoying the bubble-bath. "You're overstepping", warned Percy lightly, drawing hearts and triangles onto Nico's torso. "I'm not a housewife and I never will be. I love how you spoil me and shower me with gifts and I'd love to live here with you, but I still want to earn my own money and be my own man." "That's part of what I love so much about you", admitted Nico sheepishly, small smile on his lips as he kissed Percy's cheek. "You're independent and strong. I'm sorry. I just thought... you work all those long hours beside college and sometimes, you're really exhausted in the evening..." "Mh...", drawled Percy thoughtful. "I could maybe cut my hours down a little, to get some more free time. That way I could cook you dinner for when you get home from work." "Didn't you just say you don't want to be a housewife?", teased Nico amused. "I don't!", yelped Percy with a pout. "But I wouldn't mind being a part-time-househusband." "That sounds brilliantly perfect", chuckled Nico, sealing Percy's lips. Percy hummed in agreement as they deepened their kiss. This really was perfection. ~*~ The End ~*~