hips wantonly. "Just say the words", hummed Nico, sucking on Percy's pulse. "Say that you're my naughty, little kitten who loves playing with his master, mh?" Percy groaned, hiding his face beneath his hands, cock painfully hard and body overstimulated, needing to come very much at this point. "I—I'm... I'm your naughty, little kitten..." "And?", elaborated Nico with a giant smirk. Percy glared viciously at his lover. "And I love playing with my... master. Who is a jerk." Nico laughed whole-heartedly and started jerking Percy off again. "Good little kitten." Percy would be biting Nico's tongue if not for the feeling of those blissful fingers moving on his cock. So Percy was being generous and allowed Nico to kiss him deeply. His fingers scratched over Nico's back, not really caring anymore – if Nico wanted a kitten, he would get the claws. "Feisty little kitten", whispered Nico teasingly, eyes dark with lust. "Pervert", hissed Percy before he pulled Nico into another kiss. Nico hummed in agreement as he rubbed his thumb over the head of Percy's cock, trying to coax Percy into an early climax. Nico knew he wouldn't last too long anymore and he wanted to ride his orgasm out to the feeling of Percy's orgasm. After all the agonizing teasing, Percy couldn't withstand the cunning fingers for long. Moaning into Nico's mouth and interrupting their kiss, Percy came into Nico's hand. Nico groaned at the feeling of Percy's muscles contracting around him. Nico grasped Percy's hip with one hand, tight enough to probably leave fingerprints on Percy's sun-kissed skin. But he needed to pin Percy down as he thrust harder and deeper, the bed beneath them squealing and the boy beneath him whimpering softly. Smiling, Nico brought his cum-strained hand out from between their bodies and lifted it up to Percy's face. "Look, kitten, I have a treat for you", whispered Nico teasingly. "C'mon, lick it clean, gattino." Delirious from his orgasm and pleasantly overstimulated by Nico still hitting his prostate, Percy felt far more docile and started to lick Nico's hand with tiny, little kitten-licks. Nico groaned loud and pleased as he watched Percy. The little thief had to grin a bit at that. Nico was really weird, but Percy guessed he kind of liked the perverted weirdo. Staring up at Nico with half-lid eyes, Percy darted his tongue out and ran it over the palm of Nico's hand in slow motion. "Meow", purred Percy playfully. That was too much. With a deep moan did Nico hit his own climax. He came deep inside his lover, smashing their lips together again in another passionate kiss. The kiss lasted until Nico had rode his orgasm out. He was panting hard as he parted with Percy and cautiously pulled out of the other. Grasping Percy's waist, this time around tenderly and cautiously, Nico pulled the other closer. Percy instantly curled together against Nico's side like the little kitten he denied he was. It was something that Nico had noticed before, when the two of them took walks through the parks and sat together on a bench, or on the very rare occasions that they had been at Nico's place – Percy was a cuddler. "Good, little kitten", praised Nico softly, caressing Percy's side and hair. Percy pushed his head against the hand combing through his hair. "You're an idiot. But I love you." Nico blinked slowly, a little stunned. "I... love you too. Very much so, mio gattino." They laid in silence for a few minutes, just enjoying each other's company and warmth. Percy stared out of the window with thoughtful and slightly sad eyes before burying his face in Nico's neck. "I don't want you to leave", admitted Percy softly. "And... And I don't want to leave either." "I don't have to leave", replied Nico, kissing the top of the head. "Bia and I have been playing rock-paper-scissor for weeks now to decide who has to stay here. At the very least for half a year, to supervise the changes after we take over the company. I could stay here. With you. If you stay too. Right here, with me. You don't have to con people on the streets, you could find legal work, even if it's exhausting and boring. I just... I lead an honest life. I want an honest life with you." Percy bit his lips and tilted his head. "It'd be nice to have a real home, to stay some place long enough to enroll Ty in school. Maybe even Hazel and Leo and Frank..." "Why don't you bring your family over for dinner tomorrow? All of them. Let me meet them and see. Who knows, our new company could use a few new temps and maybe errant boys...", drawled Nico slowly. "I definitely need a coffee bar in the building, so we'd also need barristas and waiters. I know they're not the most well-paid jobs, but they're a start. For a regular life." A sly grin laid on Percy's lips as he crawled up to whisper into Nico's ear. "Can I be your errant boy? You could spank me when I run late and I could hide under your desk and... ah... do things..." Nico groaned and threw his head back. "Definitely not . Literally no work would ever get done." Percy laughed loudly and nodded in agreement. "It'd be fun though, wouldn't it?" A soft and tender smile laid on Percy's lips as he snuggled back up against Nico, picturing that honest life. Sending the kids off to school, going to work with Rachel, coming home to Nico. All his life he had run from that normal, boring life, but right now, boring sounded pretty amazing. While all Nico thought was that, maybe, Greece could pretty amazing after all, as long as there was Percy. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Next update will be "Percy Jackson, Ambassador of Hades" on Saturday! I hope you enjoyed this little oneshot in between stories ;)