and make a nice cup of hot chocolate for Percy. Nico then led the adults upstairs to his study. While Percy got comfortable on the couch, Nico went and poured himself, Will and Jake a glass of cognac. Percy looked content nursing his hot chocolate. "Well then, to Lizzy Mason", toasted Nico, lifting his glass up. "To Lizzy Mason", agreed the other three with smiles. "So, why Lizzy? I thought you also saw a boy?", inquired Percy curiously. "I couldn't...", started Will and shook his head. "I guess me and Leroy just didn't hit it off. The boy was... we didn't have a connection. Somehow, he... made me feel uneasy..." Honestly, at first I brushed it off, thought it was because, well, we tinkerers are pretty bad with people, but... I gotta agree. Something about that boy is just... off", agreed Jake with a frown. "Lizzy though, I wanted to keep that girl from the moment I saw her." "That's good", said Percy with a caring smile. "It is", grinned Will with a nod. "I mean, she's adorable. Oh, and we adopted four ducks." "Not sure if the girl is a good match. Will is bringing home enough strays as it is", teased Nico with a smirk. "You can just open up an animal shelter right now, Jake." "I think that's a sweet trade", chided Percy with a glare. "Taking care of the weak and wounded." "Says the boy who adopted a pegasus, a hellhound and a skeleton kitten", muttered Nico. "Said the man who just nodded and smiled and did everything his husband wanted", chimed Will. Nico huffed and stuck his tongue out at his blonde friend, causing the son of Apollo to grin broadly. Percy snorted and rolled his eyes before sipping his chocolate again. He was glad for their friends, that they had found a child that seemed to fit so perfectly into their family. All of them had suffered so much during the wars, during their lives before New Athens. All that darkness that kept haunting them in one way or the other, they deserved a little sunshine to brighten their days and in Percy's experience, no light shone brighter than that of a child. A child that loved them unconditionally and needed them to protect and love them just as much. Will and Jake deserved to experience the kind of happiness that family had given Percy. Smiling, he laid one hand on his stomach, soon to be joined by Nico's. The Italian smiled at him so incredibly lovingly as he leaned in to kiss Percy. "I love you", whispered Nico against Percy's lips. /break\ Lizzy was bouncing on the balls of her feet, her backpack sitting at her feet as she waited nervously. Mister Jason stood behind her, also waiting. Mister Jason had come to her this morning and told her to pack her things, because she would get to live with Will and Jake because they had decided to keep her. Which meant she would get her own family and her own home. "If you're not happy or if you have problems, you can always come to me", said Jason honestly. "Okay, Mister Jason. Thank you", nodded Lizzy obediently. "There she is! Look, Will!", exclaimed Jake in excitement as soon as they rounded the corner. "Yes, love. I can see her too", chuckled Will fondly, shaking his head. Lizzy chewed on her lip as the two approached her, unsure what to do or say. But that was taken from her when Jake reached her, because he just picked her up and whirled her around until she was giggling happily. Jake grinned at her as he handed her over to Will so he could take her things. "Hello, ducky", smiled Will, giving her an Eskimo kiss while adjusting to hold her more securely. "You ready to come home with dad and me? Daisy and the ducklings already miss you." "...Dad?", asked Lizzy shyly, looking at Jake. "Yes, ducky?", asked Jake, lifting his head to return her look. "Don't you wanna come with daddy and me? Because we're really looking forward to having you with us." "I... can?", asked Lizzy, searching for Jason's eyes for confirmation. "You can", confirmed Jason and ruffled her hair. "If you want. Do you want to?" Her eyes sparkled in a way that rivaled the sun as she nodded her head so wild that it looked as though it would fall off. Will laughed, tightening his grip on her and looking at his husband. "Well then, let's bring you home so you can play with the ducklings", declared Jake. "And Daisy can really stay until she's all good?", asked Lizzy worried. "Of course, my little ducky", smiled Will, rocking her back and forth. "We're children of Apollo, after all. We tend to those who need our help and make them better." Jake's eyes softened as he watched Will and Lizzy. It was what he had always loved most about his Will. Children of Apollo came in three different versions – the musicians, the archers and the healers. Will was rubbish with a bow, he was relatively talented with a guitar but had never been a true musical protegee. But he was a healer at heart. He was the right person to raise Lizzy. "You know, daddy here always brought home strays too", mused Jake while they made their way back home. "Hurt puppies or kittens. One time even a son of Hades." "Though dad didn't let me keep that one", grinned Will. "We gave him to a friend of ours, who has been taking good care of him though. The nice man we met yesterday, he's the son of Hades." "Oh. The daddy of Thess", whispered Lizzy and perked up. "Can Thess come over again?" "Of course he can, ducky. He's really looking forward to playing with you again", answered Will. Jake grinned as they reached the house and he unlocked the door. "Home, sweet home, ducky." ~*~ The End ~*~