was enchanting and energetic and bright and brilliant – he was quite literally the light of Jason's life. Shining brighter than hope itself. That was what Jason loved the most. /Flashback | Venice, Italy, 1940\ "Y—You can't be serious, brother! You're fifteen! You're not joining the army!" The distressed Italian girl was beautiful, long, black curls framing her body as her pitch-black eyes bore into those of her two-years-younger brother. The boy in front of her wore a backpack, ready to leave home for good, knowing that joining the war could mean he'd never return. "I have no other option, sorellona", replied the boy, staring firmly past her over her shoulder. "S—Someone, stop him!", pleaded his sister, close to tears. "Please... this is your death sentence..." He gave her a sly smile and with a flick of his wrist, he whirled black shadows around his hand. "It so happens that death is what I dabble in, huh? Listen, please. I have to do this. I just have to." A woman, the resemblance to both children impossible to deny, approached them. She looked so worn out, tears streaming down her cheeks as she grasped the boy's face and kissed his cheeks. "Niccoló", whispered the woman softly, so much conveying with that simple name. "Zia Elena", murmured Nico and pulled the woman into a tight hug. "Grazie mille..." [trans: Aunt Elena. Thank you very much... ] The woman – the children's aunt – offered him a pained smile. "Mi mancherai. Stai attento, mh?" [trans: I will miss you. Be careful, mh? ] Nico nodded firmly and turned back toward his big sister. But she wasn't there anymore. She hung back with their grandmother, crying into her lap. Grandma Francesca smiled sadly at him, grandpa Antonio standing behind her chair however had a proud look on his face. Nico knew that if he would still be in shape for it, he would march out there and lead an army. He had done so during the first World War. First. The thought made Nico's heart speed up with slight panic. This, this what was brewing right now, it would be the second. Nico could smell it in the air. The scent of death. Millions and millions of deaths. He assumed it came with being a son of Hades. He was a son of Hades. A child of one of the Greek gods. There were others like him – Nico shook his head. He wasn't joining the army to fight alongside his half-brothers. Even at age fifteen, he could see that they were beyond redemption at this point. He also wouldn't fight alongside the children of Zeus and Poseidon though. Zeus himself had made this war Nico's business and he would fight . Fight to protect his family. Hades had come, wanted to take Nico's mother, sister and him to the US. But Zeus didn't want him there. The US was his territory, ruled by his son. He didn't want the enemy there and he had shown that quite clearly when killing Nico's mother. Their father had tried to hide them away in some hotel, but Nico was too clever – and too obsessed with Greek mythology. Just like Theseus, he had used yarn to find his way back out. They fled back home into the awaiting arms of their grandparents and aunt and all they could do was watch how a cruel war started to rise at the horizon, like dawn. Inevitable, overshadowing it all. Nico would become a soldier, he would train hard and become the strongest. And then he would return to the US and he would take his revenge on Zeus himself. Where else would he get the proper training for that but in the army? And with the dawning of war, they were desperate. Age didn't matter as much as it probably should, they just didn't look twice. And even though Nico may have been a scrawny child once, he was fifteen and relatively tall for his age. He had something most others didn't though. Absolute conviction. He had a goal and he would fight for it until he'd drop dead – and even afterward. His big sister Bianca liked to say he was like a dog with a bone. He wouldn't let again, not ever. He was going to train from the gray morning hours to the dark nighttime, harder than any other soldier, until he was ready for the true battle. Because unlike those mortals, he knew something important. They were even less than soldiers, they were pawns. Pawns to the gods. Pawns to be used in their schemes and games. And Nico would make them suffer for it. He didn't know how, not quite yet, but he would figure it out. All he needed was time. Time to find Zeus' weakness. Time to form a proper plan. It was dark outside as Nico made his way. Then again, for him it was always dark. He was the son of darkness, death and the depth of hell itself, wasn't he? There was no light for people like him. His mother had been the brightest in his life, but then Zeus had taken her away from him. There was no light for Nico di Angelo. He was an angel, perhaps, but certainly not one of the heavens. He was an angel of death and vengeance and those didn't deserve the light of hope. But that was okay. He only had his family and he would fight for them, so one day Bianca could find the light he would never get. He'd give his life for that chance. No, he was giving his life for that. Author's note: As promised, it's gonna be different from what I've done so far. Next chapter will give more insight into how Novus Olympus works, aka the life of Golden Couple Jercy, as well as another scene on Nico during WWII! But not to worry, our three boys will meet all too soon ;)