keeping him in place. Percy gasped, straightening his back as he felt the tip of Triton's cock easing into him. Triton took all the time in the world, saving every split second of how Percy felt around him, with every millimeter even more. The feeling of Percy surrounding him with his tight warmth became suffocatingly intense and all Triton could do to restrain himself was find another distraction. He bit Percy's shoulder, kissing and sucking to leave a mark. His mark. "S—Shit", hissed Percy and gritted his teeth. "That hurt. But in a good way, kinda." Triton snickered and sucked on Percy's pulse when he finally started properly thrusting. His fingers had an iron grip on Percy's waist while he started properly fucking him. After a while of rhythmic thrusting, Triton loosened his grip on Percy's waist and slipped one hand around to grasp Percy's cock. The king's two tails wrapped themselves securely around Percy's tail, holding him in place instead of Triton's hands. While jerking Percy off with one hand, his other hand wandered over Percy's chest, tracing Percy's sixpack, circling his naval and teasing his nipples. He flickered the cyan-blue buds, pinching and twisting them to test what kind of different sounds he could elect from Percy. There was such a wide array of whines and moans and whimpers that Triton was in total awe. It was as though Percy was a musical instrument and Triton was just about to learn how to properly play him to compose the most beautiful songs. It was mesmerizing. "Turn your head", ordered Triton softly, nudging Percy's jaw. "Bite me." "R—Right, mark", gasped Percy, twisting his body to first kiss Triton. He felt himself getting close to the peak, but before that, they needed to close the deal with the mate mark. Triton had already left a pretty prominent mark on Percy's neck and now it was Percy's turn to do the same. Laying one arm around Triton's neck, he trailed his lips along Triton's yaw to find his pulse. Biting and kissing and licking and sucking, adamant on marking his mate. Triton groaned hoarsely in the back of his throat, picking up the pace of his thrusts and his jerks. Percy only let go of Triton's neck when he couldn't hold back the moan anymore as he reached his own orgasm at the hands of his mate. He collapsed on the bed, out of breath, holding onto Triton as good as he could while the king worked toward his own orgasm. The tails were like vices, clinging onto Percy's tail and making it downright impossible to move away, not that he could with Triton's cock impaling him. Only a few more thrusts and Triton came, filling Percy with the warm seed. Both of them were left panting, trying to catch their breath as they laid in silence for a while. "So... you're my husband now, huh?", stated Percy casually after a few moments. "Yes... my queen", replied Triton with a teasing smirk, kissing the base of Percy's neck. "Yeah, that really needs an adjustment phase", laughed Percy and shook his head. "I love you", whispered Triton as he laid his arms around Percy's waist. "I love you too", answered Percy with a soft smile, snuggling up to the embrace. "My king." Triton snorted and captured Percy's earlobe with his teeth. He started drawing little symbols on Percy's stomach, wondering to himself if this first time was enough to plant the seed for their first guppy in his mate. Percy was informed about merpeople customs and Triton knew that Amphitrite had taken the time to explain to Percy about the herbal mix that was used as contraception. He had also made it clear to Percy that he left the decision up to him. Triton loved Percy and he truly did want those little guppies named after Disney characters, honestly Percy could name their children whatever he wanted, as long as there would be children. But he knew that everything was still very new to Percy and he'd understand if Percy needed a few more years or decades to adjust. "Stop thinking so loud, I'm trying to sleep here", chided Percy with a yawn. "I'm thinking loud?", inquired Triton with an amused smirk. "Yeah. You look so thoughtful that the brooding is basically oozing out of you. I know that look. It's like trademarked by Nico and his dad. Don't tell me you're adopted and in reality, you're a son of Hades. That would be quite the scandal", grinned Percy. "So, what got you broody?" "I'm... thinking about... well, you and me... now that we're mates...", drawled Triton. He placed both his hands on Percy's stomach, rubbing small circles with his thumbs until Percy caught on with what was being left unsaid. "We are so naming her Attina, you know that, right?" "...What?", asked Triton slowly, blinking. "Like I told you. You should totally call one of your kids Ariel, which means you should call your next daughter Attina. And since I have the honor of carrying said daughter, she will be named Attina. There's totally no way around me and you having a Disney princess lineup." Triton snorted and shook his head at that. "You're truly one of a kind. I'm glad that you're mine now, as I am yours. And I am very much looking forward to our Disney princess lineup." Percy laughed at that and pulled Triton down into a half passionate and half lazy kiss. After it, their lips still lingered against each other and both settled down to lay as comfortable as possible. "How long are we staying here?", asked Percy curiously. "It's nice, the calm." "A couple days, maybe a week or two. However long you want", whispered Triton with a smile, caressing Percy's cheek. "Just you and me together, my love. Before we face our family again." Percy laughed at that. "Yeah. Dad's gonna be so excited to be a grandpa. Urgh." ~*~ The End ~*~