felt Nico's hot, wet mouth engulfing his cock. He rested one hand against his chin, biting his fingers hard, while his other hand was fisting his jeans so his knuckles turned white. Soft whimpers and mewls escaped his lips every now and then, earning him a flicker against his inner thigh in a chiding manner. He feared that if Nico's tongue would continue to work wonders, he'd bite his finger off. And then he could feel Nico humming around his cock and he was a goner. He brought his hands down loudly on the table, masking his little whimper and using it to distract himself from being louder. Sadly that brought him the attention of the whole class. "Mister Jackson?", asked Mitchell, nearly teasing. "Is everything alright?" Everything is fucking perfect, I just got sucked off by my hot boyfriend, thanks for asking , was what passed through Percy's mind, but instead he shook his head slightly. "No, it's not. The assignment I gave you really isn't that hard and you've been working on it for a while now. So hurry up or I'll be forced to double your homework today!" Everyone blinked stunned at him and then they all – including Percy – were saved by the bell. Once everyone left, Percy slid down on his chair some, allowing himself to pant softly. Nico crawled out from under the desk, stretching some and offering Percy a cheeky grin. Percy blushed when he noticed a little cum at the corner of Nico's lips. "Thank you", said Percy, blinking slowly, leaning forward to kiss the corner of Nico's mouth. "I mean, uhm, that was an interesting present, I guess. But I didn't get you anything, Nick..." He gave a tentative lick, taking the last bit of cum from Nico's lips. Nico smirked amused, eyes sparkling as he leisurely laid one arm around Percy's waist. "Drop your pants and bend over the desk. I know exactly what I want", whispered Nico. "I... don't have a good feeling", muttered Percy and gulped. But he did as requested nonetheless. Holding himself upright with his hands flat on the desk, he waited for Nico to do something . Yet he still gasped surprised when a slick finger prodded his entrance. A bottle of lube was put onto the desk and why was Percy not surprised that Nico carried this with him? Though he didn't have time to be sarcastic, because the finger was joined by a second and both started to work his hole in a fast-paced way. Nico knew they only had a short break, after all. All too soon were the fingers pulled out and Percy could hear the sound of a zipper. He turned to look over his shoulder as he felt Nico's hands holding onto his hips. The Italian leaned over to kiss Percy's shoulder while slowly pushing against the Sea Prince's entrance. "I wanted to fuck you on that desk for months now", admitted Nico softly, entering his lover. All Percy could reply was a strangled gasp as he was stretched by his boyfriend's thickness. His fingers curled together in fists as he closed his eyes tightly at the burning sensation. A whimper escaped his lips once Nico was pressed flush against his back, balls-deep inside of him. "I... know...", panted Percy, licking his lips. "But you should hurry, or else the whole class will see their quarterback fucking their teacher over the desk. And I don't know if the school covers the costs for all those therapies that will be needed afterward." "Therapies?", chuckled Nico amused and started thrusting in harsh, short motions. "You mean jerk-off-sessions, right? If they could see you like that, moaning so softly, kiss-swollen lips, sweat-glistering skin, back arching in silent begging for more..." "Please stop making me sound like a porn-star", muttered Percy embarrassed. "Not that I'd want anyone to see you like that", continued Nico, kissing along Percy's spine. "That is my privilege. You are my privilege. I love you like that, Perce." Percy gasped as Nico hit his sweet spot. The Italian thrust even harder at that, angling to hit it again and again. The desk squealed as it got pushed forward some by the force of their thrusts, its edges digging into Percy's hips, not that he minded because he enjoyed what was digging in from behind so much, he didn't even notice. He probably wouldn't even notice if his class would enter again. "F—Fuck, Nico, pleas", moaned Percy. "Harder!" That was a request the son of Hades always eagerly fulfilled. Percy was clenching down around him so wantonly that the Italian simply couldn't hold back any longer. Pushing against Percy's prostate for a last time, he came, flooding the Sea Prince's insides with his cum. "N—Nico, fuck", groaned Percy, more annoyed than aroused. "I can hardly take a shower here!" "Who said anything about a shower, amore?", whispered Nico teasingly. He took something out of his pocket and the moment he pulled out of Percy, he pushed the object inside. Percy gasped and glared. It wasn't the first time Nico had plugged him with a perverse sense of pride upon having Percy filled with his cum, but Percy still had classes to teach! "Nico-", started Percy to protest, glaring a little. "Sh", interrupted Nico and twisted their bodies so they were chest to chest. "You'll be good and keep that inside of you. Be a good teacher and do your work, with my cum inside of you, reminding you of me until tonight. And when I unplug you, I'll fill you up again, mh?" Percy heaved a sigh, his cheeks cherry-red. "Sometimes I hate that I love you... Stupid sadist..." "I know, Mister Jackson", whispered Nico with a wicked grin, stealing a kiss. "See you after football-training tonight. No removing the plug, or you're in for a spanking, teach." Percy's ears turned an entirely different shade of red as he watched his lover wink and leave. ~*~ The End ~*~