on like nothing ever had. Percy had one arm wrapped around Nico's neck, the other had found its way down so Percy could jerk himself off. When Percy came, his orgasm was accompanied by a deep groan and by his nails digging deep into Nico's back. The Italian hissed and picked up the pace some more. The velvety soft channels around Nico's cock convulsed in a pulsing manner, trying to urge Nico on to follow. Like Percy's tightness hadn't already been suffocating and delicious enough as it was. Nico sealed Percy's lips in another passionate kiss as he came deep inside the model. He had a bit trouble keeping upright and holding onto Percy in the aftermath of his orgasm. Slowly pulling out of Percy, he put the model down. "So... You wanna continue with the art?", panted Percy, kissing along Nico's collarbone. "I feel more than inspired right now, actually", admitted Nico surprised. "Sure you can stand?" "Oh please", snorted Percy mischievously. "You'd have to fuck me at least trice to knock me out." "I may take you up on that challenge one day", warned Nico amused. /break\ What was assumed to be a one night stand was repeated a couple of times over the time it took Nico to finish the statue of Poseidon. The immediate next time, they didn't have sex, but after that it happened at first irregularly and then it became a thing. They'd have sex and then do the art. Only after the statue was finished did they do more than fuck against a wall or on the floor. They had sex on the bed, Percy sprawled out in the after bliss of having been fucked three times – because Nico was up for that challenge – and Nico in front of him, with his canvas put up so he could capture the exquisite beauty of Percy. Now that Nico was drawing Percy, they talked more. It had started out with the simple question about what gods were still missing in Nico's line-up. At that time, it were only Hera, Hestia and Artemis. Percy asked playfully if Nico had anyone in mind and somehow, Nico ended up talking about his family. Bianca, his deceased older sister, was who he wanted to use as a model for Artemis. She had died during a hunting accident as a young girl and Nico pictured Artemis as an eternally young girl, as fierce as his sister. That simple question, more meant to fill the silence, led to them opening up to each other for the first time. Percy talked about the father who abandoned him and the stepfather who abused him – Nico had noticed the scars before, after all Percy was posing naked and they had sex a few times. With that, Nico started to form an actual bond with his new muse. Percy was over every weekend, posing in some kind of way for Nico and also offering his body for other pleasures than just art. "So, how do you want me today...?", gasped Percy after sex, rolling off of Nico. "I actually didn't want you at all", admitted Nico and rolled onto his side to look at Percy. "Uh, that came out wrong. I mean, sex was very appreciated, nice to have you here, but... I really gotta finish the series, so I'm putting my private works on hold for now. I wanted to work on Artemis today. I would have sent you a text, but... I must have left my phone at Hazel's yesterday..." "Oh. Well...", drawled Percy out, frowning a bit. "I kinda don't have plans. And... I'm a bit tired. And I wouldn't mind... watching you work, if you don't mind?" Nico was positively surprised to hear Percy say that, so he smiled and nodded. He had gone and done it. He had fallen in love with his muse. One night stands just weren't enough anymore. Placing a last kiss on the corner of Percy's mouth, Nico got up and got to work. For a few hours, Nico just worked and forgot Percy was even there. At least until a delicious smell filled the air. When Nico put his tools down and turned around toward the kitchen-partition of the loft, he found Percy at the hearth, cooking. Blinking slowly, Nico approached his muse. When Percy noticed, he smiled and offered Nico a spoon. Nico eagerly opened his mouth to taste it, humming in appreciation. "I kinda got hungry. I hope you don't mind?", inquired Percy cautiously. "I'll set the table", smiled Nico, stealing a kiss. "It's delicious, mia musa." Nico set the table outside on the roof. But it was chilly this afternoon, so Percy curled up against Nico's side and after dinner, Nico wrapped the blanket he kept up here around them both. They just sat together and watched the clouds, cuddling. Not exactly one of their regular things. "Can... we do this more often?", asked Nico softly, combing his fingers through Percy's wild hair. "Mh?", grunted the swimmer confused, nose buried in Nico's neck. "The... just being together, without art or sex thing? Like the eating or the you watching me thing... though the latter just sounded really very creepy...", clarified Nico, making a face. "What I mean is that I value your presence. It's nice, knowing... you're around..." "You mean like dating?", inquired Percy with a nearly teasing smile. Nico blinked slowly and tilted his head. "Oh. I... guess that's what you could call it. I never... I've never dated before, to be honest. I just know that I like having you around, Percy." Percy smiled at him and leaned up for a kiss. "Yeah? Well... I like being around, I guess. But we're still gonna do the me being naked and you doing your art stuff thing, right?" "Yes", growled Nico possessively, pulling Percy up into his lap. "And the sex too." "Sounds perfect to me", hummed Percy contently, snuggling up to the Italian. ~*~ The End ~*~