mumbled Percy embarrassed, before his eyes widened. Nico's amusement grew when Percy hastily closed the laptop and practically laid on top of it. What ever had his little kitten been up to while he had been in school? Grinning, he joined Percy on the bed and distracted him with a deep, slow kiss. All the while, he stole the laptop and opened it, peeking over Percy's shoulder to see that apparently, Percy had been watching porn. Strange, when Nico did that, he usually had his hand in his pants, not his head in the clouds. "What have you been up to, kitty-cat?", inquired Nico, biting Percy's ear. The catboy moaned softly and averted his eyes. "I just... I've watched you masturbate for years, you are aware of that, right? I mean, I know what you're into and that you want to try. So... I've been... I mean... why haven't you... asked me yet? We've been making out and kissing and cuddling and even real-proper dating, but... you never... I mean, don't you wanna have sex with me?" Nico's eyes widened comically. "I just... I didn't... I mean, you're a hot catboy, I didn't want to seem as though I'm only interested in your body, because I hadn't had as much chance to get to know your character as you had to get to know me, so I wanted to wait..." "Well... Do you want me for my personality, or for my body? Or both?", inquired Percy curiously. "Both", replied Nico without missing a beat. Smiling softly, Percy leaned up and kissed Nico while also tugging on his shirt. Within moments, they both were naked, eyes roaming each other's bodies. Tongues, teeth and lips wandered over both bodies as they explored each other for the first time. Soon enough, Percy found himself on his back, with Nico between his legs, one of Percy's nipples caught between his teeth. "Good kitten", murmured Nico, teeth scratching over Percy's abs. "Really? I thought I was your naughty kitten", chimed Percy mischievously. "What are you saying?", asked Nico, fingers wrapped around Percy's cock. "Well.. I thought... We could try, as like foreplay... this... spanking-thing?", suggested Percy. His face was beet-red and it was extremely adorable. Smiling, Nico pecked Percy's lips before sitting up and patting his lap. Now both of them slowly grew nervous. Percy's heart was beating a mile an hour as he cautiously laid down on Nico's lap, yelping surprised when Nico started to tenderly caress his butt. The motion calmed him down, slowly. "Okay, so... Uhm, we're gonna try this now, right? And... if... you... like it, we could... maybe... do it proper?", suggested Nico, red dusting his cheeks and ears. "But... uh... for now... relax?" Percy hummed in agreement and nodded slowly. And then he yelped again, upon the first slap. It was a surprise. Then the next came, sharper and more expected. After a few, harder slaps, Percy could feel how he grew more sensitive, his ass growing more heated. It stung, hurt, but not in a bad way, not exactly. It was more... exciting. He could feel himself growing hard. All too soon, Nico stopped and Percy found himself whining, pawing at the sheets in a silent demand for more. "No, I think for the first time, that's enough", declared Nico with a frown. "Besides, if I continue, I'm gonna come before we even started and that would just be pathetic... Do you have any idea what kind of hot sounds you make when you get spanked? And how you look ? Such a good kitten." Percy purred in agreement and sat up to steal a kiss, before he was pushed back into the bed. Nico patted around on the nightstand until he caught the bottle of lube, applying a lot of it on his cock. His slick hand found its way between Percy's legs, playing with the catboy's entrance. Percy was purring, arching his back in a nearly unnatural arch thanks to his cat-like flexibility. When the moaning grew louder, Nico guessed that Percy was ready for more. Grasping him by the knees, Nico slowly eased his way in, stunned at how tight and hot and perfect it felt. He bit down hard on his tongue and tried to think of naked grandmas, because he really didn't want to come before even being properly inside his boyfriend. After a pause to gather his non-erotic thoughts, Nico started thrusting, groaning at the friction and feeling. Percy beneath him starting making those delicious sounds again. He tried to capture as many of those sounds with his mouth in another kiss. It took him some time to regain enough sense to wrap one hand back around Percy's cock. "I—I'm close", gasped Percy, bucking his hips up into the touch. "Bite me!" "...Interesting kink", noted Nico amused, catching Percy's pulse with his teeth. "N—No", huffed Percy and rolled his eyes. "I want your mark. As your mate. So... bite me." He barely finished the sentence as he came under the cunning fingers. At his moan, Nico bit down hard, sucking the sensitive flesh, sure to leave a dark mark. Okay, maybe Nico was also into biting. The sensation, coupled with how Percy tightened around him, drove him over the edge too. He wanted to moan, but instead he yelped in utter surprise as very sharp fangs bit his neck while he filled up his catboy. When they laid in each other's arms moments later, both stained with their own and each other's cum, Nico stared at Percy incredulously while rubbing his sore neck. "What? I'm your mate. You're also mine ", hissed the catboy possessively, snuggling up to him. Nico snorted amused and kissed the top of Percy's head, right between his ears. This kitten had completely turned his world upside-down and he had done so for the better. Nico would forever love him for that. Smiling, he caressed his kitten until the sleeping catboy was purring loudly. ~*~ The End ~*~