"You did save my life, didn't you? I'm sorry. Though I—I really wish you hadn't seen my face." "If it's any consolation, I still have no idea who you are. Your identity's safe with me." The Ghost gave a brief chuckle, which ended in a wince of pain. "How reassuring." "So…are we good?" "What exactly did you expect? That I'd kill you for seeing my face?" He glanced at Will's face, and attempted another chuckle. "Oh, Gods. You totally did , didn't you?" "Well—there are some pretty crazy rumors about you." "I'm just trying to help people. Not my fault that sometimes involves brutalizing someone who deserves it. But I'm not going to hurt you after you saved my life. Besides, I don't think I could do much right now." "You'll need to rest. You can sleep here, if you want." The Ghost looked away, briefly. "I'm not sure it'd be such a good idea. The Bolt could come back anytime to finish the job, and when he sees I'm gone, he'll be looking for me." "The 'Bolt'?" "The Olympian Bolt. Jupiter Grace? Leader of the Olympian gang?" Noticing Will's blank expression, the Ghost chuckled. "Do you even read the papers?" "I know who Jupiter Grace is, I just didn't know—" "Well, yeah, he's not going to advertise that." He paused, then sat up again, wincing as he did. "I really should leave." He was on his feet before Will could react, clutching the comforter around him. However, he'd barely taken a step that he staggered, and tipped forward to the floor—until Will caught him. "I don't think you're in any state to move right now," he said. The Ghost looked up at him. "You're in danger as long as I'm here." Will knew he was right. He'd already guessed that the two thugs hadn't been alone, and that others would be looking for the Ghost. Perhaps he'd been lucky when he'd chosen not to call the police. And yet he couldn't just leave him alone when he could barely walk. "I'm already in danger for helping you, aren't I? I don't think one night can hurt any more." He observed the Ghost's reaction, meeting his conflicted stare with a grin as he gently led the super back to the couch. "Fine," the Ghost finally said. "One night. After that, I don't care how much my wounds have healed, I'll be out of here." "Good enough for me," Will said. "Lie down; I'll get you some clothes to sleep in. They'll be too big for you, but I guess it's better than nothing, right?" "Right," the Ghost said as he sat down. Will hurried to get old pajamas, but by the time he was back, the Ghost was already sound asleep on his couch, and he didn't feel like he should wake him up. Instead, he just tucked him in, taking a cushion from his chair and placing it under his head. He headed to bed, more because he had no idea what else to do. Watch over him all night? Probably pointless—he was certain the Ghost was out of danger now—and a little creepy. Sleep was slow to come, with the thought of a super— the Ghost of New York City —in his living room, but eventually, exhaustion took over, and Will fell asleep. Will was too used to getting up at sunrise, though: even when he'd gone to sleep only a few hours before, he was still up in the early morning. He got up to his usual morning routine, hazy from the lack of sleep and, for a moment, having completely forgotten about the night's events. It was only when he was out of his bedroom, still in his underwear, that he noticed the bundled cover on his couch, and froze, panicking at the thought of how embarrassing this might be if the Ghost woke up now. His fear was for nothing, though: he quickly realized there was no one under the comforter. The costume was gone too, as were a few of Will's old clothes that had been strewn around the room in his usual mess. The pajamas he'd left were still there, though, neatly folded and with a note on top of them. Couldn't stay here—it wasn't safe for either of us. Sorry about the clothes. Couldn't walk back in my costume in broad daylight. I'll make it up to you. -NA Will couldn't help but feel a hint of disappointment that he was gone already, before Will even got to say goodbye—or check his wounds again first. And what was that 'NA' standing for? He shrugged, and went back to his routine. Maybe it was best to move on from that night—though he probably shouldn't forget. If the Ghost was right, someone might look around. Notice that there's a nurse living nearby. Will had to be ready…to do what? He was too tired to think about it. All morning he thought about the Ghost, when he was at the gym and when he showered, when he met Cecil for lunch, and when he headed to the hospital for his shift. Yet, over the course of the afternoon, his work took up most of his attention, finally shifting his thoughts away from the Ghost. A couple days later, another intern in the hospital came to see him near the end of his shift. "Will? Your name is Will Solace, right?" Will blinked at her—she'd barely started working here, and he didn't know her. "Yeah, why?" "There's a patient who wanted to see you. Said he had some stitches to get removed?" "What?" She shrugged. "I don't know. That's all he said—and he was very adamant about you removing them." Intrigued, Will followed her to a nearby room. Thankfully, she didn't follow him inside, because when he saw who the patient was, he froze in place. " Holy shit ." Standing right there was the Ghost of New York City, a faint smirk on his lips.