other side, nudging him again. Luke turned to glare at the cheeky little angel, before noticing that Nico sat on Percy's other side. Smirking wickedly, Luke decided to get his revenge. Spreading his wings some and stretching out, he took more space up, pushing Percy away until the younger angel was nearly sitting on Nico's lap, face beet-red. Luke gave Percy a satisfied and knowing look. "S—Sorry", muttered Percy softly, trying to bring some space between himself and Nico. "Beef with the boyfriend?", grunted Nico irritated, glaring over at Luke. "Boy what now?", echoed Percy confused, tilting his head in a way too adorable manner. "You and the gorgeous blonde", supplied Octavian annoyed and rolled his eyes. "Am... I the 'gorgeous blonde'?", inquired Luke surprised, blushing a bit. "The two of you have been sneaking around with each other ever since I met you", said Octavian. "T—That's not-", started Luke wide-eyed and stunned. "Will you four cut it out?!", interrupted Rachel on Octavian's other side annoyed. "We're trying to watch a movie here. If you have your little relationship-drama, then take it somewhere else!" "Oh please, it would be too easy if those idiots would finally work it out", muttered Bianca. All four males left the room without much more argument – one must be crazy to argue with Bianca or Rachel, much less with the both of them. So while Jason and Calypso remained seated on the couch, stealing secret glances at each other, and Bianca and Rachel were eating popcorn, Luke, Nico, Percy and Octavian left the living room to go to Jason's bedroom. "So, what exactly do the girls want us to figure out?", inquired Octavian curiously. "Maybe the fact that you two seem to think that we two are dating", offered Percy disturbed, first pointing at Octavian and Nico, then at himself and Luke. "Which is kind of ew, because Luke is like a big brother to me. Like, seriously, why would you think that?" "Maybe because the two of you kept sneaking off to whisper among yourselves?", grunted Nico. "Perhaps because Percy was trying to figure out how to respond to your courting", huffed Luke annoyed, crossing his arms over his chest. "And I was actually helping you with this." "L—Luke!", hissed Percy with a betrayed look. "Oh, because the past few weeks weren't spend with me trying to help you with your pre-teen girl crush on Octavian?!" Percy and Luke exchanged glares that both clearly read 'traitor'. Not that they had much time to glare at each other, because as soon as the conversation seemed to reach both Nico and Octavian, the two angels found themselves engulfed in tight hugs. Percy blinked doe-eyed up at Nico as the devil wrapped not just his arms but also his wings around him, eyes dark. "So... you do want to give in to my courting", whispered Nico in awe. "But you're too adorable to figure it out on your own. Does that mean you're mine now, mio angelo?" "I'd rather think of it that... you are mine", hummed Percy and leaned against Nico's chest. They kissed slowly and deeply and Percy felt like melting. This was what having a devil down his throat tasted like? Was this why Annabeth was with Reyna, why Frank was with Hazel? He started to understand. It was so warm and cozy and felt like home – because they were two sides of the same, they completed each other. Percy hummed softly into their kiss, flapping his wings. /break\ "T—Thanks for helping me, Calypso", mumbled Jason embarrassed in the doorway. His eyes flittered over to where his angel and devil were. Calypso had been so kind to spend the whole day with him, learning with him and then even watching a movie. But instead of helping Jason with How To Talk To Girls 101 , his angel and devil were inconveniently absent. Not that being physically there was any more useful. Percy and Nico had their heads in the clouds most the time and Jason knew exactly why. Had known so for many months now. So, in a way, Jason was doubtful if those two morons could help him at all when they couldn't even help themselves. Which was seriously annoying, because they were supposed to be his guides. He didn't feel guided. "It's no problem, Jason", replied Calypso with a small smile, cheeks slightly pink. "Well... uhm... good night?", offered Jason awkwardly, rubbing the back of his head. Percy and Nico, who were flying behind him, exchanged a knowing grin before flying head-first against Jason's back with all the force possible, giving the blonde the needed push to stumble right into Calypso's arms. Both teens yelped while the angels and devils present laughed a little. One thing that Percy and Nico had learned today was that sometimes, people in love needed a little push. Smiling kindly, Percy watched the blushing and stuttering Jason who tried to adjust himself and Calypso without being awkward, which was of course utterly awkward. "Young love is so cute", whispered Percy softly, leaning against Nico's side. Nico hummed in agreement, wrapping his arms around Percy's waist and pulling him closer so he could rest his chin on Percy's head. "Yeah, they really are cute." "Like you two have any right to talk", snorted Bianca and rolled her eyes. "How many years did it take you to figure it out now ? No more acting high-and-mighty, you two kids!" She grabbed them both by the necks and wanted to pull them away before they could do any more damage here, but Percy was faster and louder. "Just kiss her, Jason! Believe me, it worked!" "Yeah", agreed Nico loudly as his sister dragged him away. "Worked out for me too!" Jason turned crimson red as he started down at Calypso, who was only inches away from him. Squeezing his eyes shut, he held his breath and dove right in, hopeful his consciences were right. ~*~ The End ~*~