I lived for when we Iris-Messaged, because it meant that you were alive. When you didn't, the fear came back. Seeing you appear on the hill was the most beautiful thing that I saw this summer." Nico's shoulder shook as he tried to calm himself down. "I-I thought of you-down there," he croaked out. "Really?" He nodded against Will's chest. "You-You kept me going. I knew I couldn't leave you. I couldn't bear to think-to think of you alone, not knowing what happened to me. I had to keep going. I-I had to. I couldn't just let myself die there. I knew you would want me to keep trying. I put one foot in front of the other-for you. I just couldn't-" A fresh wave of tears began to build up, and Nico squeezed his eyes shut. "Hey," Will cooed, gently lifting up Nico's head and wiping away the tears under his eye. "I'm glad I meant so much to you, for me to inspire you like that." He paused. "I had no idea I could mean so much to anyone." "Of course you do, Will! I love you!" The room went silent as Nico realized what he said, and Will's mouth formed a perfect o . "What?" "I-oh, shit-" Nico felt paralyzed. He didn't know how to respond-he didn't mean to say that! Will would want to break up now, he wouldn't be able to reciprocate his feelings- A gentle kiss on Nico's forehead startled Nico out of his thoughts. "I love you too, Nico," Will whispered, leaning back. "Really?" he whispered back, different feelings pulsing through his veins. "Yeah, really. I really love you, Nico." "I…" Could he even say it a second time? Nico swallowed hard and forced his lips to open. "Then I really love you too." "I'm just disappointed that I didn't get to say it first." Nico giggled. "Really?" "Yeah. Well, if either of us had to say it, I'm glad it was you." He could feel his cheeks turn pink, but fortunately a huge yawn managed to cover that up. "You're tired, huh?" Will asked. "Yes." "I guess I'll leave you then." Will pushed himself off the bed. Even though Nico's fears had been comforted just moments before, they rushed back through him, and he found himself leaning forward to grab Will's hand. "Stay with me." Will froze. "What?" "St-Stay with me, for the night?" After a heavy pause, Will nodded. "Sure. Just let me take off my binder." Nico turned around to give him privacy. "You wore it all day?" "Yeah." "I thought you said you could only wear it for eight hours." "Normal ones." There was rustling behind Nico. "Some of us in Apollo's cabin are working on binders you can wear longer." "Do they work?" "We're still testing them." Will grunted. "Shit, this is hard to pull off." "Do you need help?" "No, no, I've got it." "Alright. So the binder isn't hurting you at all?" "Don't worry about me. I've been wearing the new one for a week and it feels better than the old ones. It even tells you when you need to take it off." "How?" "It beeps." "Wouldn't it be weird if you're talking with someone and suddenly there's random beeping?" "We're still working on it." "Good." Something fell onto the floor. "Ah, better." "You done?" "Hang on…yeah, I am." Footsteps thumped against the ground. Will sat next to Nico on the bed again and kicked off his flip-flops. "Good." Nico lifted up the covers of the bed and gestured for Will to get in. He silently climbed into them, and Nico got in after him. Will clapped his hands and the floating light above them disappeared. The shadows reappeared, but Nico felt less scared of them, now that Will was with him. "You alright?" Will whispered into the darkness, his warm breath right across from Nico. "Yeah. You?" "I'm alright." Nico snuggled closer to Will. "I love you, Will." "I love you too, Nico." Nico scooted closer until he could put his mouth on Will's, and gave him a long and tender kiss that Will responded too. "Good night." "Good night." Nico smiled as he closed his eyes, feeling truly relaxed for the first time in weeks. For once, no nightmares plagued his dreams. Hey guys, it's Taylor/TailsDoll13! After months of inactivity I return to the Percy Jackson section! I originally started writing this way back in March for my friend Stormy's (kiohne on tumblr) birthday. It ended up getting out of hand and nearly six months later this is the longest one-shot I have posted to date. I'm so sorry for giving you the latest birthday present you will ever receive my friend. Speaking of my friends, thank you once again to Kari and Ghosty for sending me ideas for this AU when I posted about it on Tumblr, Elizabeth for being a fantastic writer who inspires me to write more, and Mansi for having gorgeous art that motivated me to finish this! I love all of you guys so much. Yes, I do view Will as bisexual and a transboy (I also view him as autistic, but I couldn't find a really good place to work that into the story). I hope nobody has a problem with it. I'm genderqueer myself, so I really wanted to add more representation. If my penname sounds a little familiar I wrote "How Not to Get Your OTP Together." I've written a ton of other fics too. My most recent uploads are mainly Homestuck, but I'm planning on writing more Percy Jackson. My Tumblr is autisticwillsolace (Yes, I am autistic). I'm mostly fandom with social justice and a bit of aesthetic. My main fandoms are Homestuck, Percy Jackson, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls, and Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu. I post a lot of others though. You can also find this fic at ArchiveOfOurOwn under my penname Gamzee_Makaraoni! I hope to see you later with my future fics! -Taylor