in New Rome, where the praetors threw a big party for their pack. New Year's was only them. Percy and Nico, escaping from all the others to spent it together in Italy on a very large carnival, wearing pretty masks and costumes and having the time of their lives. Finally – finally – Percy's graduation rolled around. What he hadn't expected was for Nico to whisk him away from his graduation party to some apartment in New Rome. An apartment Nico had apparently already bought, as a graduation-gift to his mate. Percy had hit Nico repeatedly for that. An apartment was not an appropriate gift for graduation! Nico had endured and explained that he wanted them to have a proper place – a proper den – to start their mated life together. Percy enrolled in college, together with Annabeth and Leo, who had also decided to move to New Rome to be with their own mates. It was good, having their pack together like that. Well, most of them anyway. Piper was currently living in Europe, due to her father having a lengthy film-production over there and her enjoying a year abroad that way. Will, Cecil and Lou were still living at Camp Half-Blood, but they frequently visited and Percy knew Will and Jake were planning on moving to New Rome for college too when the two would graduate. Jake was the biggest change of the past months. As okay as Percy was with being pack with Will, there was still a certain nagging voice that disliked how close the unmated Omega was to Percy's Alpha. So the easiest and most obvious conclusion was, of course, to find Will an Alpha of his own. That proved to be easier than anticipated with a little help of Leo. It also proved to be the solution to Frank's and Hazel's long-lasting problem of Jake trying to tear them a new one. As it turned out, Jake had mainly been so very agitated because he really wanted Will but thought Will wanted Nico – and an Alpha feeling rejected really liked to take his irritation out on other Alphas, especially when they offered such a wonderful target by claiming Jake's precious Omega baby brother without asking permission first. So with a lot of nudging from Leo and Percy, they managed to kill two birds with one stone. Will and Jake were happily mated, Jake was too distracted by his precious Omega mate to make the life of his brother's mates any harder and Percy felt much more at ease with Will. "Alpha, I'm home! Are you... uh.. there?", called Percy into their dark apartment. "Mh? Yes. Yeah, we're in the kitchen", replied Nico loudly. Percy made his way through the dark hall and living room to find the only lit room. Nico was sitting together with Will, Jake, Cecil and Lou, all around the table set for six. Percy blinked slowly before he smiled and stepped between his mate's spread arms. Nico pulled him down into his lap and kissed him gently. Humming in approval, Percy leaned against his Alpha. "What's going on here?", asked Percy softly, nosing at his mate-mark on Nico's neck. "We've been looking for an apartment, Nico went with us. Always the controlling Alpha, he thinks he has to make sure we find a good place", snorted Will amused, rolling his eyes. Jake grunted in agreement, one arm around Will's waste. Both Jake and Nico were Alphas and Jake was new to their little pack, only joining due to his mating with Will. The two still edged on a little, considering the pack-bond hadn't come as natural and on its own as it had between Nico, Will, Cecil and Lou. Percy grinned amused as he watched the Alpha son of Hephaestus. "How were classes, my sweet Omega?", asked Nico gently, resting a hand on Percy's lower back. "Eh. Bit boring. Definitely too long. Missed you, Alpha", whispered Percy back. "And did you guys find a good place, or are you staying longer and looking some more tomorrow?" "Actually, there's an apartment in this complex that's free", said Cecil. "We were thinking about it." "It'd be nice to have all our pack together", hummed Percy pleased, nuzzling Nico. "Been feeling very... off lately. It's better when I'm hanging out with the others, but..." "Yo didn't mention", grunted Nico displeased, glaring at his Omega. "Are you alright?" "It's only natural", assured Will casually, smiling amused at Percy. "You're been the Alpha-mate for months now. It makes you feel more connected to us. Brings out your nurturing, worrying Omega-side and knowing your pack close makes it better. Don't worry about it, Percy." Percy nodded and bit his lower lip embarrassed. He hated feeling this needy, but his pack looked at him with such understanding and Nico was still caressing his hair softly, so he guessed it might actually be alright to be needy with the people he trusted and loved. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: I detest the ABO-verse most of the time, because about 75% of them are "Omega goes into heat, completely loses control of body and speech and spreads his legs for the next best Alpha"-kind of PWPs that feel, to me, more like glorified rape, if I'm honest. Which is the reason I specifically never refer to them as Alpha or Omega when I write a creature fic with dominants and submissives, because I prefer to distance myself from that kind of pre-established world and like to create my own world and my own rules. But by now, ABO-verse has become kind of a very big thing. And since I somehow ended up writing an ABO-fic for "Voltron", I figured I ought to have at least one ABO-fic for PJatO too. Also, early post this Wednesday, because it's my birthday and I plan on being home for about... one hour today in which I plan to eat breakfast before heaving out to university and not posting fics.