anyway. And for the lube…let me take care of that." He pushes himself up the rest of the way, and kneels between Jason's legs, glancing up to meet his gaze one last time before he takes off Jason's briefs. He sees the tension in Jason's body, the way his blush darkens ever so slightly, as if he expects Percy to mock him or find him inadequate—though there's definitely no need for him to worry on that front. Percy wastes no time on niceties, though. He wraps a hand around the base of Jason's cock, and lowers his head to take him in his mouth. Mostly he meant to use his own saliva and turn it into lube—another trick he'd learned with Luke, though for very different reason—but at the moan Jason lets out, he can't help but linger, sucking on Jason's cock and teasing the slit with his tongue, giving a stroke with his hand before sinking back down. It's a dance he knows he's particularly good at—and reading Jason's reactions only helps him get better. But he has to stop when Jason starts to buck his hips up, his legs tensing. He pulls away, chuckling as he wipes the pre-come off his lips. "Don't come just yet. You owe me a fucking. Did you know most industrial lubes are water-based?" He works his hand along the length of Jason's come, and the sticky, half-dried spit turns into slippery lube. Jason realizes what he's done, too, and stares at Percy with wide eyes, unmoving. "I—" "Or do you want me to ride you? I can do that, too." He sees the brief moment of conflict in Jason's eyes, but he shakes his head—though Percy wonders if it's not out of pride more than anything else. "No, I—I want to—do it myself. Just…how do you want to—?" Percy can't help but chuckle at the wording, which he's sure Jason thinks is a clever way to hide his inexperience, but he says nothing. Instead, he slithers up Jason's body, kisses him once, then pulls him along as he rolls on his back. Jason ends up on top, looking almost bewildered, but Percy's already spreading his legs and reaching down to Jason's cock, guiding the tip to his entrance and pressing it there. "Do I need to spell it out even more?" he teases. He doesn't—on the contrary: Jason pushes in immediately, way too fast, sinking in to the hilt in a single movement. Percy winces; it's been too long already, and he's not prepared. But Jason doesn't notice, and Percy doesn't say anything, though he's grateful that Jason's stopped moving. Instead, Jason moans, his eyes closed. "Fuck, this is—" he says, never finishing his sentence. In this moment, Percy's body finds its bearings, getting used to the feeling of Jason as it did so many times for Luke, and Jason's immobility goes from a relief to unbearable. He reaches for his own cock, stroking himself, the feeling of fullness and the pressure against his prostate making each movement of his hand feel like pure bliss. He notices that Jason is watching him, staring as if he's forgotten what he was doing himself, so Percy grabs Jason's ass with his free hand, urging him on. Finally, Jason moves, feeling like he was meant to fit in with Percy with each thrust. Jason's close already, Percy knows it, but he hadn't realized he was. Part of him wants to hold on with pride, to refuse to be the first one to come, as if it was some kind of competition, but then, Jason thrusts right against his prostate, and Percy can't bring himself to care. His hand gains in speed, and he's soon spilling come over his own stomach, crying out—wordless, thankfully; he wasn't sure whose name he would have called otherwise. Even through the haze of his orgasm, he's keenly aware of Jason crying out his name as he comes, and he's just as aware of the feeling of Jason coming inside of him, making his own orgasm feel that much better, that much more satisfying. Jason finally crumbles, pulling out and falling onto the mattress next to Percy. He doesn't mention cleaning up, but Percy takes care of it on his own, willing the fluids away—not really caring where , so long as they weren't clenching to his skin. "Yeah, okay," Jason huffs out, panting with his face pressed into a pillow. "I'll be your boyfriend." "I figured," Percy said, pressing a kiss to the back of Jason's neck. He sees the goosebumps that it elicits, reflexively commits to memory to try and find out more, and that's when it hits him: he likely won't get to find out more. He lies next to Jason, catching his breath and listening closely to Jason's. When it slows down and grows regular, with a hint of a snore there, Percy sits up—slowly, careful not to make any noise. It's grown dark in the tent by now, but he knows exactly where he tossed all his clothes—he memorized it all, even in his earlier frenzy. He gets dressed in a hurry, keeping his shoes in his hand to avoid making noise while walking. Briefly, he thinks about tying up Jason, or gagging him, then he decides it's not worth it—better to let him sleep. He feels a hint of regret when he walks out of the tent under the cover of darkness, but represses it. Percy still doesn't know if he's loyal to Kronos, but he is loyal to Luke. That Jason stirred him up like that was irrelevant. Everything he'd done was to get out, to go back to Luke. A gale whips his face, chasing away the remnants of sleepiness induced by his orgasm. There in the distance are the lights of Manhattan—and somewhere in there is Kronos's camp. Jason's come to surround them; what he hadn't expected was that, in doing so, he'd put Percy close enough to warn them in time.