over you won't be able to move", smirked Nico. Percy snorted amused. "I'm a bunny. You could fuck me a week straight and it wouldn't affect me. Believe me, you'll be the one complaining come Monday. And now fuck me. Please." Nico grasped Percy's hips and slowly eased his way in. That didn't seem to sit right with Percy however, because the bunny was thumping impatiently again and he was pushing back against Nico to urge him on. It was kind of adorable and since the bunny insisted, Nico obeyed. Within seconds, Nico was fucking Percy like it was the end of the world. The bunny was moaning loudly every time Nico hit his prostate and he was practically melting beneath the human. Nico kept Percy in a tight grip as he thrust in. Honestly, it was a bit of a funny picture, to have Percy's cotton tail brush against his loin every time Nico was fully seated inside the bunny. Fucking Percy should not be as adorable as it was, but damn, it was. Nico picked up the pace some more, thrusting in even sharper angles and even harder. Even without being touched, Percy came hard all over the sheets. "S—Shit", cussed Percy blissed out. "More. Again. Please." Nico snorted and grabbed Percy's slowly softening cock to stroke it back into full hardness before he came himself. This time, both came at the same moment, Nico filling up his bunny while Percy ruined the expensive sheets some more. Not that it really mattered. Gasping for breath, Nico let himself fall onto the bed, making weak grabby motions for Percy. Instead of snuggling up to Nico, Percy started sucking Nico's cock, using his tongue to urge the Italian into full hardness again. Nico, exhausted, just groaned and let his bunny do as he pleased. Once Nico was hard, Percy sat up and hopped onto Nico's lap, easily impaling himself on Nico's dick. The bunny-ears stood up as Percy grinned down at Nico and started riding the human in a merciless pace. Nico was pretty sure he saw stars by the time he came for the second time and Percy came for the fifth – Nico hadn't even noticed how Percy jerked off while sucking Nico and then the bunny came two more times while riding Nico. Percy was really not kidding when talking about his stamina. Finally at least a little satisfied did Percy collapse on top of Nico, contently snuggling up to Nico. "So, when are you up for the next round?", asked Percy while kissing Nico's neck. "Heaven, you will be the death of me, coniglietto", panted Nico in a tired slur. "Okay, before we do anything more, we're going online and we're gonna buy you like a dozen vibrators or something. Anything, whatever you want, sweetheart, but otherwise my dick will fall off within a month." Percy grinned cheekily and pecked Nico's lips. "Sounds good enough to me. So, now that we did the fucking, next on the plan are the buns. Since we're both guys, all the fucking in the world won't give us younglings though, but all the fucking is so going to... well... trigger my instincts. So, just to warn you, if you come home to nests all over the apartment, that'd be... me..." "Okay... instincts, sure", nodded Nico slowly, blinking sluggishly. Percy hummed contently and closed his eyes as he cuddled up to his mate happily. /break\ Hearing about the instincts was one thing, but stumbling over the nests and seeing that sad look on Percy's face whenever he did sit curled together on one of the nests. Making the decision wasn't hard. After all, he had thought about it a lot when he was single, but now he had a boyfriend – mate – waiting at home. Percy was kind of bored home alone all day anyway and Percy was clearly longing for children. So on their one month anniversary of being together, Nico gave Percy three children and he gave three children a home. Looking back at it all, Nico felt as though everything had happened so fast – from falling in love with Percy becoming mates and now adopting the kids. But when he came home now, he was not just greeted by his gorgeous and beautiful bunny, no... "Family, I'm home!", called Nico out in an unusually chipper tone. "Papà's home!", exclaimed Sam and rounded the corner, colliding with Nico. Nico grunted and wrapped his arms around the excited boy. The little brunette stared up at him adoringly. Grinning, Nico hung his jacket and following Sam. Trend sat in the living room, reading a book. The blonde looked up with a smile and waved. As they passed him, Nico ruffled Trend. "No, stop it, papà", groaned Trend, swatting Nico's hand away. Nico just snickered as he and Sam continued to the kitchen, where Percy and Derek were just in the middle of making salad for dinner. They had matching aprons and were humming Disney tunes while cutting cucumber and carrots. Nico's eyes softened as he leaned over and grasped Percy around the waist. For a moment, Percy yelped in surprise, before he found himself pressed against Nico's chest. Grinning up at his mate, Percy leaned up and kissed Nico softly. "Welcome home, honey", smiled Percy pleased. "Dinner's nearly done, right Der?" "Yep!", agreed Derek. "Hello, papà! Can we watch Lilo & Stitch tonight, please?" "Oh yes, can we please? Please, papà, daddy?", asked Sam with large eyes. "Anything you want, my honey bunnies", smiled Percy pleased. "Right, Nico?" "Anything my bunnies want", chuckled Nico and shook his head. The kids liked wearing fake fluffy ears to 'look more like daddy'. Percy adored it and so did Nico. This was Nico's perfect, beautiful little family in his now finally perfect life. ~*~ The End ~*~ Author's note: Because I found myself suddenly inspired to write an Easter story yesterday. I hope you enjoyed it and had/have a happy Easter! ^o^