asked Nico confused. "The kind that gets so lost in each other's eyes and kisses that the world could end around you and you wouldn't even freaking notice", snorted Rachel fondly. "He has very nice eyes", agreed Nico softly, turning back to Percy. "Very nice..." "Thank you", grinned Percy happily. "Okay, boys. Enough mush. Settle down, pizza and movies", ordered Rachel. Nico got more comfortable on the couch, letting his eyes wander through the living room while Percy adjusted to properly curl together on Nico's lap, resting his ear against Nico's chest. "I can't believe you came to New York for my birthday", whispered Percy with a happy smile. "What can I say? I love you and I... really wanted to finally meet you", admitted Nico a bit embarrassed, wrapping his arms around Percy's waist. "I figured that your birthday would be as good a day to come to New York and start looking for apartments as any, only with the addition of, well, it being your birthday. I had hoped you'd be happy to see me. I'm glad to see that's true." "You have no idea", whispered Percy contently, snuggling up to Nico some more. /Five Months Later, January 28th\ Percy and Nico had taken it slow; Nico slept on the couch for a month while looking for an apartment. That was when Nico and Percy first had sex and fell asleep together in Percy's bed. After that, Nico slowly moved from the couch to Percy's room and over the following two months, finding an apartment had become more and more of a sideline task, until it was ultimately canned and Nico officially moved in with Percy and Rachel. A development Rachel had predicted from the first week, while it came as a surprise to both Nico and Percy. Hades di Angelo sent the rest of Nico's stuff over and the apartment officially became Rachel's, Percy's and Nico's. Percy had never been happier in his entire life than there, living together with his best friend and his boyfriend. Actually having Nico in the flesh was so much better than just on the screen. Especially considering that Percy was having a lot of fun with Nico's body. Like right now. Grinning mischievously, Percy knelt down between Nico's legs, placing cat-licks on Nico's dick. He trailed kisses along the shaft, took it into his mouth and suckled and licked around it. Nico groaned in his sleep every now and again, twitching a little. Percy was trying to wake Nico up, see how long it took the Italian to actually get up. Something Nico had admitted to wanting to try after Percy used it in one of his HiJack fics. Percy figured today was the perfect day to try that out. "Mh... nice dream...", grunted Nico pleased as he slowly woke up. "I know I'm the boy of your dreams", hummed Percy as he sat up with a mischievous grin. "Mh, not a dream", grinned Nico very pleased and stretched some, moaning loudly as Percy swallowed him whole. "That's a way to wake up, I could get used to this." Percy hummed around the hard cock that was easily sliding down his throat. Nico moaned again, growing fully hard under Percy's cunning tongue. Just as the Italian felt ready to come, his tease of a boyfriend released him and properly sat up. Nico glared before being pinned to the mattress by the shoulders. Percy smiled charmingly down at him as he came to straddle Nico's midsection. "I think birthday sex should last longer than a blowjob", pointed Percy out. Nico grunted strangled as Percy lowered himself onto his hard cock. Nico's hands found Percy's ass to squeeze tightly and hold onto while Percy lowered himself more and more onto his lover. "Birth... oh. Right. Forgot about that", grunted Nico amused. "The things your mouth does to me." "I know I'm bad", whispered Percy seductively as he leaned down to lick the shell of Nico's ear. "But oh, I am so good at being bad for you. Happy birthday, my Ghost King." "You're even better at being so good for me", groaned Nico, squeezing Percy's ass even tighter. Percy grinned as he was finally properly seated on his boyfriend's cock. He loved Nico. He loved having Nico here with him. Even after five months, Percy still sometimes couldn't grasp that Nico was here – in the bed, with him. Not just on the same continent or in the same city, but that they had actually moved in together. Sometimes, they still spend most day communicating via internet; when they were at work or in college. Only now Percy got to lay on the bed and grin like a moron while watching Nico read Percy's stories, or Percy got to kitten-eyes-of-doom Nico into reading Nico's newest stories to Percy. Then there was also the plus-side of them having sex, like right now. "Oh gods, I love you so much", groaned Nico as Percy started riding him fast and hard. "I know you do", hummed Percy mischievously, picking up the pace even more. Seeing Percy on top of him like that, the way his muscles worked, the intense and concentrated look on his face as Percy brought himself down on Nico's cock repeatedly. His Sea Prince was tight and hot around him and Nico would probably never grow tired of fucking his boyfriend. Percy's nails scraped over Nico's chest, making the Italian hiss and wince. "Come on, big bad Ghost King, come for your little Sea Prince", teased Percy, panting hard. "What? Not enough stamina to keep this up?", snickered Nico teasingly, pinching Percy's ass. "I just want to get your birthday breakfast started", panted Percy and leaned down to kiss Nico deeply, tongue exploring the Italian's mouth. "Also, more birthday sex later." "Sounds perfect", hummed Nico contently, groaning as he reached his orgasm. Percy was panting hard as he rolled off Nico and snuggled up to him. "Happy birthday, love." ~*~ The End ~*~