You should be able to fully enjoy it and marvel at it instead of coughing your lunges out", whispered Nico softly to sooth Percy. "Like where they bake the cookies?", asked Percy hopeful. "You said there's more angels." "You seem very smitten with the winged folks", noted Nico casually. "They're beautiful", shrugged Percy awkwardly. "And the cookies you gave me the past few days were like the most delicious cookies I've ever eaten in my life." "Ah. Yes, the kitchen. And the room where they make the toys", continued Nico. "There are more elves to be found there. One of them I can... well... I can see you getting along wonderfully with him. His name is Leo and he is... he is very Leo." "That sounds like fun", commented Percy amused and yawned. "Yes, it is. And for now, you will sleep", murmured Nico as they reached his room. He placed Percy on his bed, very cautious as he did so. Then he pulled the blankets over Percy and tugged him in. Percy hummed contently and snuggled up to the warmth, asleep within moments. Tomorrow, he would show the human even more of the workshop. So much that Percy would never want to leave it again. He blinked surprised. Where had that thought come from? Shaking his head, he decided to rest for a moment in the common room. Get some distance between himself and the boy that was tormenting his thoughts these days. The common room, of course, was occupied by others. There were too many people at the workshop for it to be empty. Yet company was a good distraction. Thalia was bickering with Calypso – she had never quite gotten along with her little brother's mate, not really. Jason was trying to lean away from them as though he hoped he could turn invisible. Apparently Tyson and Annabeth were currently asleep, or Will has had enough of her, because Reyna was there too, smirking as she watched Thalia. Nico decided to join them. "Hey there, boss", grinned Jason teasingly. "Haven't seen you in days, or so it feels." "Yes, well. I have been... busy", muttered Nico. "Busy courting your future mate", chimed Thalia in. "Oh, not that disrespectful human, right?", groaned Calypso and made a face. "Oh, shut your mouth, feather brain", grunted Thalia and rolled her eyes. "Give the kid a break. It's his first time seeing supernatural creatures. He has a right to stumble a bit. I thought it was cute. Like a newborn kitten, really. I just wanted to pat his head." She snickered and Nico glared at her. "I am not courting Percy. Merely being a good host." "If that helps you sleep at night", muttered Reyna beneath her breath. Nico turned to look at Reyna with an irritated expression on his face. Reyna just raised one eyebrow in a nearly challenging manner as she lifted a glass of milk up to her lips, awaiting the retort. "Like you're one to talk", warned Nico, squinting at his oldest friend and comrade. "Yeah. Haven't seen too much of you either in the past couple days", agreed Jason curiously. "Her name is Annabeth", provided Piper, voice carrying a teasing tone. "And whenever I come to the infirmary to bring food, Reyna is busy staring at Annabeth with those love-struck expressions." Reyna growled beneath her breath, baring fangs. This was not the kind of direction she had hoped this conversation would go. Could they not just focus on teasing Nico for once? "Annabeth is quite brilliant. Rarely have I ever had the chance to hold conversations with someone like her. She is... captivating...", Reyna admitted after a beat, cheeks dusted a bit pink. "And what, pray tell, are you going to do when they leave again?", inquired Calypso and shook her head in a disappointed manner. "I mean, really now. They're not like us." Sadly, the caramel-haired angel had a point. Nico heaved a sigh and stole a cookie from Piper. Sure, Percy was enchanting and intriguing and funny and cute, but he was also human. With a human life and a human family, waiting for him in New York. Dark eyes wandered sideways to lock with Reyna's and he realized that similar thoughts seemed to pass the Latina's mind. "Enough with the moping, guys!", declared Thalia and clapped them both on their shoulders. "The way I see it, the future is still in the future, so why don't you just enjoy the now?" Reyna raised one corner of her lips in an attempted half-smile. "Yes, I suppose. You're right. Let's enjoy the now. That does remind me, where does Malcolm keep the chess board?" "...That was so not what I had in mind", grunted Thalia and rolled her eyes. "Yes. I think she thought more about smooching and such", agreed Jason. Nico snorted and chuckled softly as he watched Reyna roll her eyes. They both weren't the type for casual things of any sort. They were more prone to getting their hearts broken instead. Author's note: MERRY CHRISTMAS TO YOU ALL! Though technically you're not supposed to open your presents until it's evening, but due to me having plans of opening actual gifts this evening I won't get to post it then. So I'll just leave this under your virtual Christmas tree and trust you to be well-behaved, nice kids and only read it after five. *stern motherly glare* But seeing as a) this story grew decidedly too much in size and b) as far as Hollywood makes me believe Americans only open their presents on the 25th, I've decided to split this story! So you'll get the second part tomorrow morning-ish. And, well, so the Second Christmas Day doesn't feel so dull, I split the story into three parts (because yes, it really has grown that long). So expect the last part on the 26th. As it is, I hope all three days are filled with joy, people you love and awesome gifts ;)