staggered and fell onto its back, legs moving like an upside-down turtle, steam pouring the cracks in its ruined head. Annabeth came up to us, checking over Percy and giving me a small nod. She pulled some nectar out for him as I helped him keep the weight off his ankle. "The other bull?" He asked. Annabeth pointed downhill. Clarisse had successfully speared the second cow through the back leg with a spear. It was running in slow motion circles now, like a broken windup toy. She pulled off her helmet and marched over to us. Some of her hair was smoldering but she didn't seem to care, and I didn't bother pointing it out. "You-ruin-everything!" She yelled. "I had it under control!" "Good to see you too, Clarisse." Annabeth grumbled. "Argh!" She screamed. "Don't ever, EVER try saving me again!"! "I think this belongs to one of your wounded campers - you know, the ones lying hurt on the hill." I tossed her the spear I had picked up. That seemed to sober her up. Even the rough and tough daughter of War cared about her soldiers. "I'll be back," she growled and proceeded to trudge off to do a check. "You didn't die." Percy said, staring at Tyson in amazement. Tyson looked down, embarrassed. "I am sorry. Came to help. Disobeyed you." "My fault." Annabeth said. "I had no choice. I had to let Tyson cross the boundary line to save you. Otherwise you would've died." "Let him cross the boundary line?" He asked, putting down his foot and removing his arm from my shoulder. "But-" "Percy, have you ever looked at Tyson closely? I mean... in the face. Ignore the Mist, and really look at him." He looked intently at Tyson. I frowned slightly, not knowing how exactly Percy would react. Knowing him he would probably be a bit shocked at first, but I had faith that in the end he would still be Tyson's friend. "Tyson," Percy stammered. "You're a..." "Cyclops," Annabeth offered. "A baby, by the looks of him. Probably why he couldn't get past the boundary line as easily as the bulls. Tyson's one of the homeless orphans." "One of the what?" "They're in almost all the big cities," Annabeth said distastefully and I found myself taking a step closer to Tyson. "They're... mistakes, Percy. Children of nature spirits and gods... Well, one god in particular, usually... and they don't always come out right. No one wants them. They get tossed aside. They grow up wild on the streets. I don't know how this one found you, but he obviously likes you two. We should take him to Chiron, let him decide what to do. "He can understand you, you know, Annabeth." I told her, but at the mention of Chiron my worries came back, temporarily forgotten during the attack. I didn't like what I saw when I was in Chiron's office. "But the fire. How-" Percy started. "He's a Cyclops." Annabeth paused, like she was remembering something. "They work in the forges of the gods. They have to be immune to fire. That's what I was trying to tell you." Percy looked shocked but Clarisse didn't give him much time to think it over as she marched back over to us. "Jackson, come on. We need to carry the wounded back to the Big House, let Tantalus know what happened." " What? " I asked sharply, head snapping around to face her. " Who? " "Tantalus?" Percy asked. "The activities director," Clarisse said impatiently. Chiron, what the heck are you doing? "Chiron is the activities director. And where's Argus? He's head of security. He should be here." Clarisse made a sour kind of face. "Argus got fired. You three have been gone too long. Things are changing." "But Chiron... He's trained kids to fight monsters for over three thousand years. He can't just be gone. What happened?" "That happened." She snapped, pointing to Thalia's tree. I took a step closer to the tree and pressed my hand against the bark. So that is what felt so off... Thalia. Her tree is poisoned and it's affecting all of camp. Her spirit as still inside the tree somehow, I could sense it. She wouldn't be down in the Underworld if this much of her was still here. She reinforced the magical borders of camp now. Something had always felt off about the tree. I looked up at the sickly yellowed needles on the branches, then to the ones at my feet. In the center of the trunk, about a meter off the ground was a puncture mark that oozed green sap. This is what Sally needed to tell us. They tree is dying, along with Thalia's spirit. AN: Hello new and old readers! I just wanted to post a quick few notes: I post once a week, usually at the end of the week. I always post (The story is fully written out and I do a check edit before I post) unless something comes up and I am unable to get to my computer or something of that nature. As you may have noticed, this is the second book in my Into the Darkness series. Book 1 was about Allison's entrance into her new life and mostly surrounding the Master Bolt quest. This book focuses around the Golden Fleece quest. It may be a bit boring to begin with but it will pick up soon. Each chapter is at least 3k, if it is a short chapter I always post two to make up for it but I am pretty sure all Book 2's chapters are at least 3k. I had a lot of fun writing this and I hope you enjoy reading it. I will cut this here, be sure to let me know what you thought of it so far, and have a fantastic day/week! Note: Story Cover Picture Line-art by Incredibru (Check her out, she rocks) Color & Background by myself