into a giggling fit, curling together and closer toward Nico. Nico grinned, proud he could make Percy laugh like that. By the time Percy was calmed down a bit, they laid decidedly much closer together. Both blushed a little as they stared into each other's eyes. "Would... it be alright if I kissed you?", asked Percy softly and unsure. "...What?", asked Nico a bit dumbly. Percy blushed and shrugged. "I thought I was kinda getting vibes from you... Like, you know, gay vibes and you checking me out vibes and stuff like that... So, no kissing then?" "Yeah, no, totally gay!", interrupted Nico hastily. "Also totally checking you out. Just didn't expect you to... to notice. Or to want to kiss me. You... sure about kissing me?" "I dunno. The moment felt right. Now, the moment feels awkward", shrugged Percy. "...Yeah, it kinda does", sighed Nico frustrated. "Still up for a kiss though?" Percy grinned amused as he bridged the last bit of space between them, sealing Nico's lips with his own. Percy's were soft and tasted like strawberries – from his toothpaste. Nico grinned into the kiss, moving his lips against Percy's slowly and carefully. They scooted closer and closer to each other, until Percy was laying on top of Nico, straddling his waist. Nico's arms found their way around Percy's waist and then they slowly inched more down until he managed to cup a feel of Percy's butt. For a second there, Percy stiffened before he relaxed into the touch as Nico squeezed down. Slowly, Nico started massaging the firm butt, making Percy whimper into their kiss. "So... that makes us...", drawled Percy out, slowly licking his lips. "Honestly, whatever you want us to be", admitted Nico with a frown, pinching Percy's butt. Percy yelped a little before clasping a hand over his mouth and glaring. "The kids . Downstairs. Take your hands off the goods, di Angelo, you little perv." "But it's such a gorgeous butt", pouted Nico with the smallest grin. "Boyfriends", whispered Percy against Nico's lips. "What?", asked Nico very confused. "What it makes us. What I want it to make us", clarified Percy. "Boyfriends. I'm not a boy for a little making out between friends, or something like that." "Good", nodded Nico relieved. "You sure?", asked Percy with a frown. "Uh, yeah, otherwise I wouldn't say it's good?", offered Nico confused. "Just, you know, Luke mentioned to me that you're a bit – and that means a lot – of a playboy", pointed Percy out, one eyebrow raised. "I think his exact words were 'Watch your ass around di Angelo or you'll have it spanked and fucked before you know'." "...Ah, Castellan, wonderful. Thank you", grunted Nico offended, glaring darkly. "But... I mean... I... like you. I like you a lot. Lot more than... I ever liked anyone before. I want more than a quick fuck from you, Percy. I'd... I'd like to be boyfriends. If you really want to try it with me." "Sure. I'll teach you the monogamous ways, di Angelo", teased Percy amused, kissing the corner of Nico's lips. "But just a fair warning; I catch you with someone else, I'll do much more than just dump your sorry ass, I will also make you regret it for the rest of your life. We clear on that?" "Absolutely", nodded Nico, pulling Percy closer and into a soft kiss. They spent about an hour snuggled together and kissing, until they fell asleep in each other's arms. /break\ "So you're now officially dating Nico di Angelo, mh?", asked Rachel teasingly. Rachel and Percy were in some classes together. He was glad to have a familiar face around, in the big sister of Tyson's best friend. Tyson and Ella of course adored that their big siblings were friends. Percy blushed a little, smiled and nodded his head. He shifted his backpack some. "He really makes you happy, mh?", asked Rachel, not as teasing anymore. "That's good. I'm happy for you, Percy. You deserve to be happy, you know." "Thanks", smiled Percy. "So, since you love me so much and want me to be happy, surely you'll be more than glad to pick up Tyson for me today and watch him for a couple of hours, because my boyfriend is picking me up to go on a date with him?" Rachel huffed and rolled her eyes, just to have Percy give her his unbeatable kitten-eyes. "Yes." "Aw, you're the best, Rach!", exclaimed Percy, kissing Rachel's cheek. There was a sparkle in Rachel's eyes as she watched him check the parking lot. When he spotted a black bike with blue flame-motifs on it. On top of the bike sat Nico – in his black leather jacket, black leather pants and with the black leather gloves, with one helmet hanging on the handle of the bike and another helmet under his arm. Percy's eyes darkened when he saw his boyfriend in all the leather. Percy liked the leathery Nico. Licking his lips, Percy grinned. "Please. Please just go to Nico and stop eye-fucking", groaned Rachel, rolling her eyes. Percy turned to grin at Rachel one last time before he ran over, straight into the open arms of his still relatively new boyfriend. Nico's arms instantly wound their way around his waist to pull him closer until the two could kiss. Two weeks into their relationship and they kissed basically as often as possible. Nico never thought he'd be this happy with one person. "Hey, babe", whispered Nico pleased, caressing Percy's cheek. "Hello yourself", grinned Percy delighted, pecking Nico's lips again. "So, plan for today?" "A movie, then we go to that beach in Montauk that you like so much and could eat something there? Just gotta buy it first on the way. What do you feel like?", asked Nico. "Pizza. I'm really hungry for Italian", purred Percy teasingly, putting the helmet on. "Dork", snorted Nico, rolling his eyes as they drove off together. ~*~ The End ~*~