it by pressing my ass to your groins every chance I got, but gods, you two are more oblivious than they say about me!" "We... assumed that was unintentional", muttered Nico awkwardly, blushing himself. "We must have misread those situations... badly. We're sorry. Really. How can we make it up to you?" Percy grinned broadly, lower lip caught by his teeth. "I want both of you inside of me. At the same time. I want you to... uh... to double me. Not like one fucks me and I blow the other, but... uh..." "You want both our dicks up your ass", supplied Perseus, torn between amused and aroused. "You are so cute when you try being seductive like that, you know that, right?" "Oh, shut up!", huffed Percy annoyed and embarrassed, arms crossed over his chest. "Now, now, my pet. Is that any way to talk to your master?", chided Perseus as he pulled Percy up against his chest by hooking his fingers into the panties. "You said you liked what I did to you, mh? Then let's continue on that merry note, because I've been dying to repeat that experience. You will be a good boy and do as Nico and I tell you to. No protests. And you will refer to Nico and me as your masters while we... play. If you really don't want something, use your safeword. Say 'seashell' and we'll stop. Playtime will be over when Nico or I say 'end of session'. Otherwise, we're going to ravish you right now. Now, tell me you understand all of that, Percy." "I do... uh... Master Perseus", mumbled Percy, cheeks dusted pink again. "Good boy", praised Perseus and kissed Percy's neck. "Undress us, my pet." Nico cocked one eyebrow in amusement as he let Percy undress them. He had to admit, he loved seeing Perseus taking charge like that. And their panties-clad sub was very alluring too. Once Percy was done undressing them, Nico saw that Percy was apparently internally debating something. "What is it, Percy?", asked Nico softly, tilting Percy's chin up. "Go on. Tell us." "I just thought... I was mouthing off there and maybe... I should be... uh... punished for it..." Perseus laughed softly as he saw Percy's beet-red face. "Someone wants a spanking. Nico?" Nico chuckled amused as he sat down on the bed and patted his lap. "Should have figured. Perseus enjoys his spankings way too much too. Lay down. Let's say... fifteen, for being cheeky." "Yes, Master Nico", nodded Percy eagerly, biting his lip so hard, he nearly drew blood. He had wanted to experience this for a while now, but never felt comfortable enough to actually ask for it. Or had anyone to share this with in general. He took a shaky breath as Nico rubbed his ass in a soothing manner. When the hand left him, he braced himself for what was about to come. He yelped when the first slap hit his butt. It felt a little strange. The second stung a bit. The third send a thrill through him. By the seventh, he was moaning. His skin felt heated, sensitive. He jumped at every following hit, but still found himself leaning in, silently begging for more. This was addictive. "I think our pet took his first spanking very well", praised Perseus afterward, kissing Percy softly. He also handed the lube over to Nico. While watching the show, he had already lubed his aching erection up and while he was now kissing Percy, Nico lubed himself up. They teamed up on Percy to prep their sub though, both pushing prodding fingers into his tight entrance, stretching and pulling and preparing him for what was about to come. Percy was a panting and whimpering mess. After the intense spanking now all the attention to his entrance and the distracting kisses, it was a lot to take in. When he started to buck his hips needfully, Perseus and Nico exchanged an smirk over his shoulder. Nico was behind him, holding onto Percy's waist, while Perseus pried his legs apart. Percy held onto Perseus' neck, taking slow breaths as Nico eased his way in. Perseus joined him all too soon, knowing that Percy liked the pain. He smirked when the boy in the middle gave a hiss that soon turned into a wanton moan. They started off with a vigorous pace right from the beginning, firing away against Percy's prostate until the poor boy was completely incoherent due to the over-stimulation. Perseus kissed him passionately, hands running over Percy's torso, while Nico jerked Percy off with slow, shallow movements until their sub came into Nico's hand. "Sh, pet, just a little longer", whispered Nico soothingly as he noted Percy's exhaustion. Percy whimpered, throwing his head back and resting it against shoulder as he let his two lovers build up their own orgasms and come deep inside of him. He felt completely wrecked from the spanking and the extreme stretch of two cocks inside his hole. They slowly pulled out of him and laid him out on the bed before practically showering him with kisses and praises. "You take two cocks considerably better than I would have thought", whispered Perseus teasingly. "Session's over, for today", murmured Nico against Percy's skin. "And you did so well." "But we'll do this again tomorrow, right?", asked Percy hopeful. "With more orders and more naught, right? Because Annie and Reyna left to visit Annie's family for the weekend..." "Oh, then we're definitely going to do this again tomorrow. And every other chance we get", laughed Perseus as he pulled Nico into a kiss above Percy. "Don't we have the cutest sub, love?" "I do have the cutest subs", agreed Nico with a teasing smirk. "We haven't played in a while either." Perseus blushed as he laid down and snuggled up to Percy like he was trying to hide. Percy smiled, completely content. This was how life was supposed to be. Utterly perfect. ~*~ The End ~*~