at night. I knew were everything was from memory any way so it didn't bother me. I scooped some oats into a bowl and turned to leave the room. 'Oh hey boss,' I heard Blackjack call after me. 'A man came in and said he was a friend of yours. We told him you weren't here, but he said he'd wait for you.' "Did he say who he was?" I asked. I wasn't too worried, there's no place on earth safer for young demigods then camp half-blood. No monsters could get in, and not even a mortal could cross its borders. That only left gods and other half-bloods. If you didn't count Athena's cabin, everyone was still pretty happy with me for helping to save the world last summer. "I'm surprised," said a dark voice behind me. I was so startled that I dropped the bowl of oats. "I thought you'd, at least, be smart enough to remember me. Didn't I tell you to watch your back?" "Ares." I moved to turned and face him but he had me pinned to one of the support beams before I could. "What do you want?" I demanded. I was so dead. Ares hated me, like fillet-me-alive-wear-my-skin-as-a-suit-and-feed-my-insides-to-wild-dogs hated me. He had me pinned to the beam with his weight so I couldn't even fight back. "What do I want? Humm, let me think. I'd like to kill you in the worst ways I can think of, although you seem to have some interesting ideas on that subject." Crap, I forgot gods can read minds. "However, after the stunt you pulled last summer, even Zeus would have my head for ending your pathetic life. So I suppose I'll have to move on to the next best thing." I felt him shift as he leaned in close. "If I can't take your life," he whispered. "I'll take your freedom." 'Boss! Boss! He's not your friend is he? You need help boss?' Blackjack is a good friend and a great pegasus, but sometimes I forgot how naive he could be. Here I am, captured by the god of war himself, and Blackjack's still trying to work around the fact that he'd been lied to. Ares pulled out a dagger from his belt and held it up to my face. I could see it glinting in the dim lighting. There was something on the blade making the tip black. "This blade is covered in the poison of a very rare daimon found in deep Hades," Ares said putting the tip of the blade to my side. "I thought you said you weren't going to kill me?" This wasn't good. I needed help, fast. "This isn't a poison that will kill you, as long as all the requirements are met. Besides you have the curse of Achilles. Unless you chose your side as your fatal spot, you'll live." And with that he shoved the knife into my side. He stepped back, and without him holding me up I crumbled to the ground. The pain was so intense I was blinded for a moment, but I needed to get it together if I was going to get out of this alive. Yeah, he hadn't hit my 'Achilles heel', but I wasn't sure if I could still bleed to death or not. I was sure someone from the camp would hear the alarmed neighing the pegasi were making. Someone had to come soon. "The poison," I gasped. "What are the requirements?" Ares stepped closer to me. He leaned down and roughly grabbed a hand full of my hair, pulling my head back to look at him. "What's the matter whelp? I told you, I'd get in a lot of trouble if you died. All I need to do is stake my claim. It's not like you could st-" Whatever he was going to say was interrupted by a loud 'WHAMP'. Ares flew across the room and smashed through the back wall. I looked up to see Porkpie land next to me. 'Boss! Did you see? I kicked the bad man! Do I get oats too now?' "Porkpie," I gritted my teeth. "I need to get to the Big House, right now. Chiron will, ow, know what to do." I managed to get to my feet and pull myself onto his back. 'Ok boss! Then oats?' "I will kill that damn pegasus!" Ares roared. He was getting up, which meant we needed to get out of there quick. "Porkpie we need to go now!" I shouted. And with that we flew out of the barn. "Perseus Jackson! You will be mine!" I heard him shout after me. Porkpie flew as hard as he could, but it wasn't fast enough. As we passed over the arena I heard something slice through the air. Only too late did I realize it was a volley of flaming spears and they were headed right for Porkpie. One spear hit his thigh while another hit his wing. The flames were spreading fast. I tried to put out the flames in his wings but his tail was on fire too. We were going down. 'Boss, help me!' Porkpie whinnied franticly. 'Please boss. It hurts! I can't stay in the air!' "I'm sorry, Porkpie," I whispered as we crashed into the ground 10 feet away from the singing campers at the campfire. The fall threw me off of Porkpie and I skidded to a stop in the dirt. Everything was quiet for a moment. The campers stopped sing to see what was going on, but as soon as they realized they started rushing around in a frenzied panic. "SILENCE!" I could hear Dionysus yell over the noise of the campers. Their voices instantly died. "Porkpie," I groaned. He wasn't moving and the fire was still burning his wings. It had even spread to his mane and back. His legs were bent at strange angles and his head was twisted unnaturally. "PORKPIE!" I screamed. And my world went black.