loud a child of a wind god can be? Ridiculously loud. Other than Chase and Deven chasing each other like wild animals, everything was normal. The clouds on the walls still moved like they were being blown by the wind. The four fans in the room buzzed, causing the room to be light and breezy- just the way I liked it. My thoughts were interrupted by a pillow being thrown in my face. Deven and Chase stopped in their tracks, staring at me like ' oh my gods she's gonna send us to Tartarus.' I quickly took a deep breath in. I gritted my teeth trying with all my willpower not to blow them all the way across camp. Their curly red hair was a mess. Great, I thought. Now I have to force them to get ready. I glanced at Chloe who was calmly brushing her bleach blonde hair, who was ignoring the scene that was happening behind her. Thanks for the help Chloe. There was a knock at the door. I got up and opened it. "Hey! Captain Skylar! Senior camper meeting in the 'secret' place!" Leo crowed. I looked behind me as the ground shook. The boys had started up again. I sighed. "Right now?" "Yes otherwise I wouldn't be coming in here right now at 7 o'clock in the morning. I need my beauty sleep as much as Aphrodite's kids!" " Fine, just give me a second Leo. " I turned around and grabbed some clothes to go change in the bathroom. I came out and yelled, "Chloe, make sure the little demon spawns don't get into too much trouble." I turned to Leo. "Lead the way." We started walking. "You know, Danny feels really bad for last night." I rolled my eyes. "Why does he feel bad? He didn't even do anything." "Yeah, I know. I told him that, but you ran away, kinda mad." I stopped walking. "Yeah I know. I hate talking about this kind of stuff. It makes me sad and it reminds me of...you know, my past , and I really don't want to remember." " I know." I started to walk again. "Look, let's just drop it. I know for a fact that we both hate talking like this." "Sorry that I brought it up." Leo punched my shoulder lightly, I smiled. "Don't be sorry. I appreciate that you care." We reached the 'secret place' Leo had been talking about. "Hey, look who finally showed up," Percy said. I put my hands on my hips. "Look who's scolding us for it." " So what are your orders, Skylar?" Annabeth said. I looked the the left, feeling as if the older girl would have been a better choice of leader. "I was thinking that maybe, all the children of the wind gods could do border patrol along with the Hermes cabin. Then the Apollo cabin will be in the trees guarding the way to the flag. Ares cabin can go and try to take the flag- also the Athena cabin. That's all I got so far." I sheepishly smiled. I really wasn't used to this. I waited for Annabeth to give me some suggestions. "What cabins are going to go for the flag? We also need a distractions so most of the hunters will go that way. We also probably need someone to fight or distract Thalia. Being both the leader and a powerful demigod, we need her away from the rest," Annabeth suggested. I thought for a second. "I think that the Athena cabin should be a distraction while the Ares cabin tries to take the flag. We'll send some extra people to go retrieve it too, just for some backup. The Demeter cabin can guard the flag with the Hephaestus and Hades cabins. The Nike and Hebe cabins can go with the distraction group, with Iris cabin flanking. The Poseidon cabin can help with border control. The Aphrodite cabin can also guard the way to the flag. Everyone else can just support wherever and get in the way of the campers." "Alright, everyone, go to your cabin and tell everybody what you are doing and get prepared. We start after breakfast," Annabeth announced. Everybody walked out except Leo and I. " Are you ready for this?" I rubbed my hands together in excitement. "As ready as I'll ever be." "Words of a true warrior." "Come on, let's go get breakfast." I groaned. "Let's go find those demon spawns." "I'm looking forward to it." "I know you are, but are they?" "We'll have to see." I ran off to go get my siblings. "I'll meet you at the pavilion," Leo shouted. I waved him off. At breakfast, everybody seemed excited and ready for capture the flag. We had an hour until it started. "Hey, Skylar, what am I supposed to during this capture the flag thing?" Danny wondered aloud as we walked together. "Ah, well…" I paused thinking of the way to have a lesser chance of him getting hurt. "How about you go with the Ares cabin to go retrieve the flag? They know how to fight really well so you wont have to worry about that since you haven't had any training yet." "Okay, sounds good. Who are the Ares cabin?" I nodded my head at to the table full of muscular people who were arm wrestling and yelling at each other. " That's the Ares cabin." "I feel safer already. Thank you for your help." Danny ran off. I hope he didn't mean that sarcastically. Everybody was dressed and ready to go we still had two minutes left to wait for Mr. D signal. People chatted and I was super nervous. "Hey, we will be fine, you know." Leo was attempting to pep talk me again. I sighed with a shaky breath. "I hope so." "I know so. We have a super awesome leader," just as Leo finished, Mr. D gave the signal and we were off.