been a search for a Home Depot turned into a scenic tour through Tallinn, Estonia. Leo pretended he knew what he was doing, pointing fingers at particular buildings and giving them the ridiculous names his dyslexia tried to translate the words into. "That's called the Latragia," he announced, pointing do a tall white building with a top tier constructed of bright orange brick, "and the building next to it is called Grunglesponge." Calypso knew he was joking, of course, but she humored him. She laughed at the dumb names he came up with and ignored the stares they got from strangers. Leo watched her eyes light up every time they turned a corner. She looked so much younger than an immortal goddess like this, like some Hephaestus kid who had just rediscovered Bunker Nine. They continued on like that for a while, almost completely forgetting the real reason they were scouring the city. It didn't matter to Leo that they were lost in Tallinn. They could have been in any city, in any country on any continent and it wouldn't matter. Calypso didn't seem to mind either, not that she would have much of an opinion. Leo figured that, as long as they were screwing up together, they wouldn't screw up too badly. As they walked, they passed more buildings, some with smaller French labels. Leo had grown up speaking Spanish, but the languages were so similar that Leo had little trouble understanding what the signs said, excluding his dyslexia. One vaguely translated to "Garden Store" from what he could read. He didn't think much of any of these establishments until they passed a small, run-down old shack of a store crunched snugly between two grandiose buildings. It seemed out of place for such a clean neighborhood and normally Leo would have ignored such an insignificant little store. But for some reason, the way it faded as soon as he looked away caught his attention. Unless he was looking directly at it, the store wasn't there. He couldn't see it through his peripheral vision. Leo's curiosity got the better of him. He strayed from the path, approaching the old building. Calypso followed impulsively, but she seemed less than enthusiastic. Leo approached the building slowly, glancing up at the old wood sign nailed to the roof. There were three languages on the sign and, because none of them were French, Leo was surprised he could understand one. In large, unreadable letters was the Russian translation, below that something Leo recognized as Latin. At the very bottom was a Greek translation that read: Ilmarinen's Forge. "I found what we've been looking for," Leo announced, but for some reason he found himself hesitating to enter. Maybe it was because Calypso was hanging back, or maybe it was because there was a Greek and Latin translation. On top of that, Leo was a considerably powerful demigod traveling with a goddess-nymph—they were bound to attract some attention. This building obviously had some Mist or something shrouding it from the view of curious mortals, but Leo knew that if you ever found exactly what you were looking for in a foreign country, then you should probably turn around and get away from whatever it was as soon as possible. So Leo did the logical demigod thing: he entered the shop. The inside of the store was cluttered and dimly lit. Shelves lined the walls, the metal pieces and parts coated in metal. To the left was a shelf with a sign that said "ON SALE" in the same three languages as the sign outside. That shelf was stockpiled with competed sculptures of all different shapes and sizes. There were a few bronze flowers, an expansive array of silver animals, but Leo didn't see any pieces of gold. It was the one metal he didn't see represented in the room. Some of the creations around the room seemed to follow him with their eyes, but Leo waved the idea away. He wondered what kind of blacksmith would run this shop. Maybe a fellow son or daughter of Hephaestus? Obviously, the owner had some affiliation with the gods if his shop was shrouded in Mist. Maybe Hazel wasn't the only follower of Hecate. Calypso stayed close to him, like she felt something was off. Leo couldn't place it, but he knew something wasn't right too. The name "Ilmarinen" didn't sound familiar, and it didn't sound very Greek. But Leo could be wrong—he usually was. Still, something here put him on edge. There was a loud and sudden clanging noise, like someone was hammering a helmet from the Camp Half-Blood armory. Calypso jumped and the hairs on the back of Leo's neck stood on end. He kept a hand near his tool belt and approached the back of the store carefully. No one stood at the front desk, but a golden light glowed from an open doorway to a room in the back. The clanging got louder as they neared. Leo moved toward the door, but Calypso grabbed his hand to pull him back. Leo jolted to a stop, turning to look at the goddess. Her gorgeous eyes held a warning. "Leo, what are you doing?" she whispered harshly. "You cannot just walk in!" Leo opened his mouth to reply, but just then the clanging stopped. There was a shuffling noise beyond the threshold of the back room and a shadow loomed in the doorway. Heavy footsteps fell, getting closer. Leo and Calypso back up instinctively, gripping each other's hand like a lifeline. This is stupid, a voice in Leo's head argued. You came in here looking for parts for Festus. There's nothing wrong with this place! Don't a such a baby. That would have been good advice for a person smarter than Leo. Sadly, Leo was preoccupied by the advancing shadow in the doorway and was definitely not a son of Athena. He pulled his hammer from his tool belt as the person emerged from the back room.