is a male. Aren't we supposed to hate males." "Yes, and tonight I hate them more than ever, but he is too young. How can we hate him when he isn't even a day old. He isn't crooked, faithless, or rotten, but we can raise him to be honorable and pure. We can teach him to protect and respect women. Together as a family. Here, I want everyone to hold him." Artemis passed Perseus on to Zoe first. She studied it like it was a science experiment, but then he snuggled into her arms making the Lieutenant smile. "What's his name?" "Perseus. Perseus Jackson." "I like that name." She turned to the baby, "I'm going to call you Percy for short." She passed on the baby to the other hunters, each seeming to like the idea of raising the perfect male. "He seems a little advanced for a baby only a couple hours old. He's already giggling and smiling." Lauren inquired, she was a daughter of Athena so she was always asking questions. "My guess is that he's a really powerful demigod, or maybe that he's too smart for his own good." "Who's his godly parent?" "I am." "Who was it before?" All heads snapped to the goddess, growing anxious to learn of the god who abandoned their own son. "His father," Artemis started, growing angry as she spoke, "is Poseidon, god of the seas." It still felt wrong to say on her tongue. The goddess of the moon had felt that the sea god was one of the better ones. But not only did he just knock up a young maiden, he also left her to face the dangers by herself. His actions solidified the notion that all men are evil, that is until Percy has grown up. But there was more to worry about, like what will Lauren do now that she knows she's holding a son of Poseidon. The son of her mother's rival. But all she did was grin triumphantly, like she just learned the science to invisibility. "Let's see how Poseidon feels when he learns his son was raised by a daughter of Athena." She passed on the infant to the others, each playing with him a little before giving it to their sister. After a couple more hunters Artemis held Percy once more, who was wide awake and playing with her uniform. She twirled his little hairs in between her fingers while looking at her hunters with a arched eyebrow, "So we can all agree on keeping him right?" The ones in question looked at each other until they all nod in unison. Zoe was the one to speak for them, "We will help raise the greatest male to ever walk the Earth." Artemis smiled and stood up, "That's nice to hear. Now we already ate, so why don't we get to sleep and prepare for the future with little Percy." She turned to her tent and made her way to it. The hunters listened and quickly shuffled out to their tents to sleep for the night. Some were whispering about what they'll do with Percy while others focused on how cute he was already. Zoe was quiet but had a small smile, looking forward to raising Percy and also the fact her nickname for him already stuck. Artemis entered her tent, looked around, and realized she needed somewhere to place the baby to sleep in. She made space next to her bed and summoned a wooden crib. The wood seemed to be made of the same material as Artemis' favored bow, and gave an etheral glow in the dimly lit tent. She placed the baby, who already fell into deep sleep again, into the crib. She internally sighed, she hoped this wasn't a sign showing he'll be a lazy male growing up. "Well Perseus, I guess this is a new chapter in our lives. I can only wonder if it will be a positive one." As a response, Percy turned away from her and slept facing the side of the tent. She rolled her eyes, receiving the action as a sarcastic comment. If anyone was to look at her face, they would see a stoic expression painted across her face. But inside she has never been more excited. A/N: I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of hopefully an awesome book. This isn't my first time writing, but certainly my first at publishing. I know for a fact I'm not the best, but I do see myself as somewhat skilled. But I would love and encourage constructive criticism so I can write better and give you guys an overall better story. I would like to have Percy to have a romantic interest in each of my stories. Some I already have a definite match but others, like this one, I'm very skeptical. Annabeth is a definite no. In my eyes Percabeth is only acceptable if Rick Riordan himself writes it. Any other time it just doesn't make sense. The personalities don't match at all and they don't share the same interests. They grew up together and saved each other lives countless times so that's going for them. But that's really isn't strong enough to make a fanfiction with Percabeth in it, unless I make one of them out-of-character. For this story I can only see Percy being with Bianca right now. I'm having Zoe as a motherly or sisterly figure so not her. Maybe I could do something with Reyna. But I would appreciate hearing your ideas. This story is going to be a little sad at first, but expect epic action scenes. Percy will be different from the books in some ways but his backstory is different from PJO so he can be different. I'm striving hard to not have this like any other Percy-being-raised-by-the-hunt story, so predict as much as you want. Again thanks for even reading. Share to others, like it, add it to your library. You won't regret it.