the sound of his actual voice hitting the air. He sounded raspy, as if he hadn't tried talking out loud for ages. She smiled, glad to hear his actual voice and happy that he could speak out loud. What else could he do? "You speak English, then?" "Yes." "How? Who taught you?" The boy's eyes glazed over slightly. "My father. He speaks many languages. Languages of the sea-folk and the humans." Annabeth's eyes widened. She was fascinated. She leaned in close, careful to avoid kneeling on the boy's injured tail. "So mermaids are real, then?" The boy gave her a curious smile, tilting his head. Wavy locks, as dark as ink, fell across his forehead. "Why wouldn't they be?" Annabeth frowned. Didn't he know? "Most people believe that they're myths." "Oh, that . Mer-people usually keep their distance." "Why?" "Humans are dangerous. To others, and themselves." Annabeth's face fell. She wouldn't say that he was wrong, but... "…Do you think I'm dangerous?" The boy's eyes twinkled and the corners of his mouth drew up into a small smile. He shook his head. "No. I think you are kind." Annabeth could feel her face heating up. This was a first. She hadn't looked at any other boys besides Luke Castellan for a long time. She could already feel herself looking the boy before her over before she stopped herself. Okay, yeah, he had some pretty amazing abs...but he was still a merman. She didn't have time for this, she needed to know more about him! The boy's eyes flicked down to her legs curiously. He gazed back up with those neon green eyes. "Can I…?" he broke off, reaching out to touch her legs. Annabeth's eyes widened before she nodded nervously. He had probably never seen human legs up close like this, before. She slowly slid out a leg for him to get a better look at it. His hands felt normal as he trailed his fingers from her knees, to her calves. He squeezed in some places, prodded others. Annabeth held back a giggle as he slid off her sandals and pawed at her toes, touching each individual one. The boy noticed and smiled at that, messing with her toes a little more than necessary. Annabeth pulled away, laughing softly. "Do you have a name?" She asked breathlessly, seriously wondering at this point. Did mermaids have names? "Perseus." Ah. So they did have names. "I'm Annabeth," she declared, pointing at herself. "Annabeth Chase." He smiled at her then, leaning forward. "So you walk on land, Annabeth of Chase? What is it like?" He sounded genuinely interested. Annabeth vaguely thought of what it felt like to walk, to run across sandy beaches, and jump, and skip. She imagined her school, then her home, and herself sleeping softly inside of it. Her house...man, she kind of missed it after being out here on this yacht for so long. She jumped as she felt something prodding in her mind, like someone was dipping their fingers into her brain. She swiveled towards the merboy, eyes widening as he stared at her. Perseus. He was looking through her thoughts. "Sorry," he offered, noticing her discomfort. "That is another way the sea-folk communicate. I only saw your home...it is strange." Annabeth nodded, pushing down her feeling of uneasiness. "That's alright. It's just...most people don't like their thoughts being seen. It's better for us to just talk, like this, see?" Perseus nodded. "Then tell me. Tell me what it's like to walk on land." She shivered before beginning to explain. "Well, it's-" "Ann', where are you?" a voice called out, breaking the moment. Luke. Perseus swerved towards the sound, alerted, before pushing off the deck. His tail made a small slap as he dove into the water and out of sight. Annabeth froze, awed by the display of incredible speed. Her mind soon caught up with the moment and she raised a trembling hand. "W-wait Perseus, don't g-" "Ann'?" Luke called out again, rounding the corner and stepping down onto the platform. "You don't have to sit back here all alone. Why don't you come back to the cabin, yeah? I cleared it out for us. Sorry about the fight…you know how I get sometimes. I miss you already, babe." When he reached out for her, Annabeth moved away, frustrated. "Luke, I am not your babe, Y ou're not sorry. I wasn't kidding when I said I was through with you. I don't want us to be friends anymore. I don't want us to hang out anymore, it's over. And I don't know what you think I'm going to do with you in that cabin, but it's not going to happen. Not here, not now, not ever." Luke huffed. "Fine. Be that way. I know you like me, but whatever. You were always such a prude." And with that, he stalked off, looking for some other way to have fun. Annabeth watched him go, trying not to let his words sting. She hadn't known that he was aware of her secret affection for him. She thought they had been friends . The thought that he would even suggest something like that angered her. Once he was gone, Annabeth turned to the water and called across the waves. "Perseus? Perseus, please, come back!" Silence. The waves remained unbroken and Annabeth sat back, dumbstruck. A merman. She had touched a merman, been touched by one. She had telepathically communicated with something that wasn't even supposed to exist . And Luke had scared it off! Annabeth groaned and threw herself to the ground, her back hitting the platform. That could've been a scientific breakthrough waiting to happen! Perseus was a living contradiction. And if things such as mer-people existed, what about other mythical creatures? What else was out there? Annabeth stared into the night sky from the clean decks of the yacht. He was gone. She wondered vaguely if she would ever see that boy again. If only she knew.