I would go back for her. And if it takes you and me or an army of a thousand men, we are getting her back, and she's gonna love me." "But, um, she's immortal, and you will die at one point in your life," I pointed out. "Thank you, Captain Obvious," he muttered. "But still, I can help you if you want," I offered. "Thanks. I should go now. I don't want to get eaten by harpies." Leo started toward cabin nine, leaving me and my thoughts. The next morning, I woke up with the best idea. It required me, Annabeth, and all the sassy I could possibly muster. I got the idea from a dream where Annabeth said she didn't like the name "Praetor Percy". I didn't tell anyone about it. They would laugh and think it wouldn't work, but I knew Annabeth better than anyone else. It would work or Hera's my new favourite god. "Hey Wise Girl!" I called to Annabeth when she walked past the stadium where I was dividing a prank with Connor and Travis. "I gotta go. I'll be back in a few." "What do you want Seaweed brain?" "Walk with me." I led her to the beach, where I had a picnic set up. It looked like I went all out, when in fact I stole some food from the Hermes cabin and stuffed it in a basket the Aphrodite cabin gladly lent me. We started talking about things. Life. Wars we've won. Battles we've lost. Moments we wanted to strangle Leo and/or the Stolls. We eventually got into the topic of names, which was the greatest coincidence I've ever had. Screw Athena. The timing felt right, so I went ahead with my plan. "Hey Annabeth, I don't like your name." "What do you mean 'I don't like your name?" "I think you should change it. Especially your last name." "Change it to what?" "Jackson," I said, a smirk clearly visible as I walked back to find Travis and Connor. "Did you just propose?! Perseus Jackson get back here! You don't just propose then walk away! That's not how it works you little shit!" She kept yelling at me, but that was my point. "Dude, where did you go?" Connor asked when I got back. "Oh, I just proposed to Annabeth." "What did she say?" "I walked away before she could answer. And that was my point." "Well whether she said yes or not, you should probably tell the Aphrodite cabin. They came round a minute ago to rig the Bonfire tonight to make firework hearts to "set the mood" for you and Annabeth." "Ok. Thanks. I'll be back," I promised. I ran off to find Piper to tell her to de-rig the fireworks. I'm not having the whole camp know about proposing. They can find out afterwards. I passed Leo as I ran, who asked where I was headed. I explained quickly and ran faster to find Piper. I found her putting whipped cream in Drew's expensive bottle of mousse. "Hey beauty queen!" I yelled, walking into the cabin. 6 people out of 8 in the room turned to look at me; the only ones not were Piper and Mitchell, a half-sibling of Piper that she befriended when she first got to Camp Half-Blood. "What do you want Percy?" She sighed, clearly frustrated that I interrupted her pranking. "It's off. Your little show, it's a no go. Don't need the help; I've set everything up myself. So you can call it off. Oh, and tell superman that we don't need Frank to come and turn into a spider to scare her into saying yes. Thanks!" I started making my way to the door before I turned around and have her a tip. "And you should try mixing in some hairspray, just so it stays." "Thank you, pranking master," she replied sarcastically. "You called?" Connor's head poked through the door to the cabin. "Sarcasm. Learn it!" She must've used charmspeak, because he walked off mumbling something about sarcasm. "Bye!" I spent the rest of the day pranking, swimming, and practicing what I would say to Annabeth. I know I had already asked , but she still has to answer. And I'm not making a fool of myself in front of anyone, especially her (even if I have before). Annabeth confronted me after dinner, and she was pretty mad. Not quite Zeus when his lightning bolt had been stolen, but it wasn't far off. Ok, even that was an exaggeration. She was only ten percent mad. "You know, that's not any way to ask a girl to marry you," she declared. "You're supposed to get down on knee and pull out a ring." "Like this?" We were by the bonfire, and a lot of campers were milling about. I knelt down and pulled out the ring. I was doing it. I was actually properly asking Annabeth to marry me. She put her hands to her face. I knew she knew this was coming, but she still looked surprised. "Annabeth Chase, will you marry me?" "What do you think, Seaweed Brain?" She asked, cocking her head to the side, a smirk plastered on her beautiful face. I jokingly looked away, acting embarrassed and sad. I just wanted to hear her say yes. "Yes." After slipping the ring on her finger, she kissed me, and everyone cheered. My cheeks grew red, but I could care less. Later that night, love seemed to be in the air. Jason and Piper were cuddling – which I thought secretly thought was cute, but I would never say that – and all the other couples looked at each other with love in their eyes. I even saw something between Nico and Will. "Hey Jason!" I called out to my friend. He was sitting on the opposite side of the bonfire. "You're next!" I never saw someone try so hard to kill me by staring at me. And I faced Medusa.