and had a nice slender body. He had on a designer black tee with a white skull that took up most of the front of the shirt. It was designer wear, though. There was an immediate uproar of flashes and questions. There was a lot of squealing coming from the girls mesmerized by the boy's cuteness, apparently. He didn't even flinch when someone from one of the crowd tried to jump at him. They met the first guy's firm chest. And was grabbed by the scruff of their neck and tossed away like a rag doll. The driver and the other guy started forward as the school bodyguards struggled against the crowd. The boy seemed to hate the noise and decided to walk a little faster. His cheeks were graced with a small blush when someone asked who he was dating but disappeared as quickly when the boy's eyes wandered over to the school. He looked over everyone staring at him briefly. His eyes paused as the girls broke into fits of giggles and some guys winked seductively. He looked bored after that. His eyes stopped momentarily on Percy. Everyone's head snapped to face what the young boy was looking at. The boy got bored again and began walking. He pulled out his phone and started texting someone. He walked up the stairs leading to the doors of the school. He was momentarily stopped when everyone was asked to file back into the school hall. Everyone stared at him while the uproar died away when everyone entered building. The boy stopped in front again and the two guys that came with him opened the doors for him. Chiron, the activities director of the school motioned for the school club leaders and President of the Student Body to join them in welcoming the new boy. Percy was head of the swimming club and also Vice President of the Student Body. So, naturally he joined Annabeth – President of the Student Body – and the rest of the group filed in. So, basically, it was the group that greeted Percy that morning. When they were ready, the boy finally entered the school with both of the guys that were with him in the limousine. The boy placed his shades above his head. He had bangs and had a black backpack shouldered. He gave a small smile to everyone in the room. "Well, children," Chiron began, "This is our latest addition to the Student Body. As most of you may know–" But Chiron was cut off by a high pitched squeal that escaped Piper's lips. The boy seemed startled but gave another small smile. Chiron chuckled and Mr. D just grunted. "As I was saying, this is our latest to the student body. Care to introduce yourself, young man?" Chiron asked politely, motioning for the boy to speak. He smiled brightly, or tried to. "Hi," he said. He has a really cute voice and accent, Percy thought. He chuckled inwardly at this. "I'm Nico di Angelo, and I hope to enjoy my time here," he finished. Everyone broke out into huge grins, well Luke being the grumpy old troll he is, surprisingly smiled, though Nico didn't seem to take any notice of this. Everyone surged forward but were stopped abruptly by the guy with dirty blonde hair. "It's fine, Charon," Nico said. Most of the kids thought he said Chiron but realized he didn't. He turned to his driver and smiled a small smile again. "You too, Argus. See you guys after school." They both acknowledged Nico and eyed everyone in the room suspiciously. They walked out, closing the doors behind them. Again, everyone, except Luke, went forward and introduced themselves. Percy went after Annabeth. "Hey, there," Percy said. He shook Nico's hand. "I'm Percy. Welcome to ICDAT," Percy flashed the shorter boy a grin. "Thanks," he said. Then, the most shocking was Luke. He walked rather quickly towards Nico and stopped abruptly in front of Nico, his smile unwavering. Nico smiled back brightly and stuck out his hand but Luke pulled the boy into his embrace and hugged him. Piper and Thalia pouted but Annabeth shrugged and Percy just chuckled. It was rather strange to see Luke so cheery and full of smiles. "Hello to you to, Luke," Nico said into the boys shoulder. Luke drew back, a little stunned but smiled. "Thought you weren't coming, Nico," Luke said with another small smile. Nico scoffed. "Yeah, right. I'm tired of private tutors and weirdos in the mansion. Really it's sickening," "I should know," Luke said, "Say, would you like a tour of the school?" Luke asked so eagerly that everyone in the rooms nearly jumped out of their skin. "That'd be great, Luke," Nico smiled. He began to go speak to Chiron and Mr. D and they both gave smiles of understanding. Chiron handed Nico his schedule and Luke couldn't seem more impatient. Nico barely had the time to put his stuff into his locker because Luke yanked Nico by the wrist and they began to exit the administration building. Everyone looked at Chiron and Mr. D with stunned looks, even Annabeth! "What was that about?" Thalia grumbled. "Yeah, how come we didn't get a hug?" Piper added angrily. Chiron cleared his throat and Mr. D began to walk to his office. "Why, I thought you would've known," Chiron began, "Luke is Nico's closest cousin," "What?!" Piper squawked. The room eventually erupted into yelling and chaos and well Percy just rolled his eyes. He was kind of mesmerized by the fact that Luke was so happy all of a sudden. Hooray for the new kid! Percy thought. He chuckled inwardly at this and took his leave. He had Calculus first period. I hate Mrs. Dodds, Percy thought. So? Did you like it? Please review, favorite and follow. I need to know whether this is worth continuing. Well, there's a lot more to come and some shockers! Well, see you next update! ~TheSun'sShadow