father's flying shoes. Luke then flew to the top of the Empire State Building. As he flew to the top, Percy put on Hermes' shoes to fly up to him, while Sally and Annabeth had to wait for him to come back. Xx After the fight with Luke xX (I'm just gonna skip this. It's getting too long and I don't know how to make chapters) "He's got the bolt! Move it, we have two minutes!" Annabeth said dragging Percy inside the elevator Sally activated. As they arrived to Olympus, they heard Poseidon and Athena argue with Zeus "Time has run out" Zeus said "WAIT!" Percy shouted "WAIT!" Annabeth shouted as they entered the room. "Our names are Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase! And we think you might be looking for this" Percy said. Zeus walked closer "Give me the bolt. Lighting thief" Zeus said, Percy just threw the bolt to him. In that moment the sky was rumbling with thunders. "You're wise to betray your father" Zeus said "He's not the lightning thief" Annabeth snapped before Percy could say anything "And I have no connections with Poseidon" Percy said "Then if you aren't the thief…who stole it?" Zeus questioned "Luke, son of Hermes" Annabeth stated "You see, he was angry at all of you and wanted you to destroy yourselves" Percy explained "You two have done well…do you have a wish I could grant as a reward?" Zeus asked "Yes. I have a good friend. He's name's Grover, he's a satyr and if we are here is because he stayed behind" Percy said "As you wish" Zeus turned to Annabeth "You have done a magnificent job as a guardian, Annabeth. What do you wish as a gift?" Zeus asked "I don't have a wish. My wish is standing right next to me" Annabeth said. The Gods looked at her weirdly "Even if he is the son of my mother's greatest enemy, and he can be sometimes annoying, dumb, and I always have to save his butt, Percy is the only real friend I have. And that's a gift enough for me" Annabeth explained "Very well" Zeus said with a smile "Percy, if you want to hug her you can" Athena said, Poseidon smiled and nodded. Percy smiled and hugged Annabeth tightly, she did the same, but as Zeus cleared his throat and they pulled away. As Zeus declared that the reunion was over Poseidon and Athena asked if they could speak to their kids. "Just this once" Zeus answered. All the Gods left except for Athena and Poseidon, who became human form. They walked to their kids. Athena was facing Annabeth and Percy was facing Poseidon who spoke up "I just wanted to tell you the truth" Poseidon began "When you were born, Percy, my life with Sally was perfect, but I was losing all my responsibilities, becoming human. That's why Zeus made a law to forbid the Gods to see their kids" Poseidon said "It was because of you" Percy said. Poseidon nodded sadly "We know we can't be the parents that you always wanted" Athena cut in "But we will always stay beside you. In your thoughts and for you Annabeth probably in your dreams" Athena said "We will be there for you Percy and Annabeth. Always" Poseidon finished for Athena as well. Athena looked at her daughter and spreading her arms open. A tear came down Annabeth's cheek and she hugged her mother tightly, she was so happy. She couldn't believe she was actually hugging her mom. Percy offered his father his hand, but Poseidon hugged him. As they pulled away, Athena spoke up "Ok, now go back to Camp" she said. Percy and Annabeth began to walk away "Percy!" Athena called, Percy turned around "Make me the favor to be quick about it" Athena said "What?" Percy answered confused. Athena raised her eyebrows "Be quick about it " she repeated. Percy was confused, but then he understood "Oh! Ok. Alright I will" Percy said smiling. And they walked away. Xx back to Camp xX As Percy arrived to Camp and prepared for training, he was welcomed by a lot of people complimenting him. "Hey Perce!" Grover called "Hey Grover!" Percy greeted back "And the hero safely returns home! Hey, have you noticed anything new?" "No, what? Have you got a new perfume? You're taller? Stronger?" "Look! I got my horns!" "Oh, yes! I noticed! How cute! Two little horns" "Zeus came through. I'm a senior now" "Good job. You deserved it. I wouldn't have done it without you and Annabeth" "Speaking of which…she's at the field. But I didn't say anything, and you didn't see me. Think you can do it?" "I got Athena's blessing, so I think I can" "Good, now move it" Percy smiled and walked to the battlefield. Annabeth was there, and was fighting with several campers. She turned around as she was done with the last camper "Who's next?" she demanded. " Trust your heart if the seas catch fire " Percy began Annabeth immediately saw him " Live by love though the stars walk backward " she finished "Will you give me a chance?" Percy said and walked to her. Annabeth smiled "Welcome home" she said and placed a hand on Percy's cheek, then she leaned in only to snatch his sword away from him and point it to his throat "Whoa, wait!" "First rule of battle strategy…never let your opponement distract you" "Impossible" "I thought you wanted me to give you a chance" "Yeah" Percy gently moved her sword away "But not this chance" "Then what?" Percy's sea blue eyes connected with Annabeth's sky blue eyes "Well, that's not fighting you" "Just get to the point Per-" Annabeth was cut off as Percy kissed her. They kissed there, in the middle of the battlefield. Demigods were cheering, but they couldn't care less. It was just them. Percy and Annabeth. The Son of Poseidon and the Daughter of Athena, together.