long as he's with Annabeth, any weird feelings are good. After their not-so-dinner, they drive into an elevated part of a grassy meadow overlooking the ocean, in a place Annabeth doesn't know but Percy does so it's alright. They sit side by side, sometimes playing rock-paper-scissors, sometimes joking, sometimes talking nonsense but mostly staring at the indefinite number of glowing stars decorating the night sky. "Why do I feel like we've known each other for so long?" Percy voices out. He looks at Annabeth, who just stares back at him, quizzically. "Maybe we're soulmates? Some people destined to be together? Well, that sounds like crap," she answers, but there's an obvious hint of joking in her tone. He nods his head. "Yeah. I don't believe on those craps. Like, seriously, two people getting together just because of some previously planned out story? What if those two fell out of love or they are in a serious relationship with other people? That's very unfair." "You're right. Soulmates don't make sense," Annabeth agrees. "Star-crossed lovers," he mutters, and they started laughing. This, Percy thinks, is something never planned, something that never works under the supervision of three old ladies spinning strings and is never happening because of some stupid serendipity he doesn't believe to be true. Everything he does with Annabeth is so spontaneous, that no carefully planned out act can ever bring this same rush of feelings he experiences at the moment. He looks at her with a wonder he never did before, as she points out every constellation she can recognize with her signature confident and smug smirk. But, he's aware of the fondness and warmth she tries to share with him for the time being, even those are so artfully covered in insults and conceited praises. "Hey Percy," he hears Annabeth say. He looks at her from the corner of his eye and her head is tilted up in the black heavens. He hums in response. "How long do you think these stars will last?" The question kind of throws him off-guard, he's never thought about it really. He isn't particularly fond of these information and he never wondered about them anyway. He merely shrugs. "Dunno. Infinity, I guess?" She lets out a chuckle and tucks back a strand behind her ear. "No. Scientifically, they last billions of years according to astronomers. Infinity is something never proven to be true. It's just a word used to describe the almost limitless ability of the universe, its abilities that are impossible to discover all." "Yeah. But, there are stuff that we keep on believing even though they remain unproved. There's just this feeling that we trust to be accurate," Percy replies. He's never one to explain a side of his in a conversation so enthusiastic, but he finds satisfaction in a slight argument with Annabeth. "I want to hold on to the theory of boundless time. Do you believe in infinity, Annabeth?" She takes in a deep breath and gazes longingly at the stars overhead. The moonlight does an excellent job of illuminating her features, forming shadows to accentuate her beauty. Annabeth's never one to put on a generous amount of make-up, but she looks like a goddess on Percy's childhood mythology books. "Honestly? I don't know. I've never felt this conflicted before," she answers and looks at Percy intensely, her grey eyes flashing brightly. "But there's this one thing I strongly believe." Percy stares at her and it takes all of his willpower not to kiss her right there because she's just so utterly beautiful. "What is it?" She leans in close enough to tease him and for him to finally count her eyelashes and see those cute freckles adorning her nose. He almost kisses her. Almost. "I don't ever want this moment to end." And Percy crashes his lips to hers because she's so freaking perfect. There's a wave of euphoria that washes over him when she kisses him back. Their lips press gently to each other, nothing particularly urgent, just savoring the moment. Annabeth leans in closer and Percy pulls her to him while gently cupping her cheeks in the process. She places her hand on his shoulder, the other one lost in his hair. They stay like that for who knows how long, but they don't care at all. All they know is that they had a fair share of the taste of infinity, one they can proudly categorize as their own. Annabeth ponders whether the elated feeling in her chest is brought by the bliss of the kiss, or due to that simple moment that never seems to end. They pull back a few beats later, or a few infinities later (time didn't seem to matter anymore) for the lack of air is fairly evident on their faces. Annabeth's cheeks are deeply flushed and she reckons Percy is the same, as they try to regain control of their breathing. "Hi," she says, a little short of breath. Nonetheless, there's a stupid smile on her face that just won't leave. He gets infected. "What's my name? I think my brain's getting mushy," he announces, holding his head in an attempt to fix it. Annabeth rolls her eyes and playfully shoves him. "Shut up. I'm not even that good." She looks down, her face definitely in the darkest shade of red at the time. He shrugs. "Who says that I am? Besides, how was it anyway?" he asks, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. She snorts at him and pretends to think about it. "Hmmm . . . Tastes like . . . infinity," she comments with a smile. "I'm not sure I remember the taste accurately," Percy says, putting on a puppy dog look. "Can we try it again?" "Shut up," Annabeth answers with a laugh but she yanks him back on her personal space again. And again. And again. And again. That's just how infinity works, anyway. ~~(0)(0)~~ Because only two tangent circles make an infinity. ~~(0)(0)~~ FIN.