most powerful, are now waking. Monsters that have not been seen in thousands of years. They will cause death and destruction the likes of which mortals have never known. And soon we shall have the most important monster of all—the one that shall bring about the downfall of Olympus!". Before he could react he heard running and grinned, knowing that the others had found him, Thorn's yelling had probably helped. Thalia burst out of the tree line with her shield and spear out yelling "For Zeus!" making him roll his eyes. "Yield!" the monster roared at seeing them. "Never!" Thalia yelled from across the field. She charged the monster, and for a second, he thought she would run him through. But then there was a thunderous noise and a blaze of light from behind us. The helicopter appeared out of the mist, hovering just beyond the cliffs. It was a sleek black military-style gunship, with attachments on the sides that looked like laser-guided rockets. The helicopter had to be manned by mortals, but what was it doing here? How could mortals be working with a monster? The searchlights blinded Thalia, and the manticore swatted her away with its tail. Her shield flew off into the snow. Her spear flew in the other direction. "No!" he ran out to help her and tried to attack the monster with his fists until Riptide returned but the creature just jabbed at the spike, the tail still regrowing, that was still imbedded in his shoulder making him fall to his knees in pain. Dr. Thorn laughed. "Now do you see how hopeless it is? Yield, little heroes.". We were trapped between a monster and a fully armed helicopter. We had no chance. Then he heard a clear, piercing sound: the call of a hunting horn blowing in the woods. The manticore froze. For a moment, no one moved. There was only the swirl of snow and wind and the chopping of the helicopter blades. "No," Dr. Thorn said. "It cannot be…". His sentence was cut short when something shot past him like a streak of moonlight. A glowing silver arrow sprouted from Dr. Thorn's shoulder causing the monster to stagger back, wailing in agony. "Curse you!" Thorn cried. He unleashed spikes from a regrown tail, dozens of them at once, into the woods where the arrow had come from, but just as fast, silvery arrows shot back in reply. It almost looked like the arrows had intercepted the spikes in midair and sliced them in two, but his eyes must've been playing tricks on him. No one, not even Apollo's kids at camp, could shoot with that much accuracy. The manticore pulled the arrow out of his shoulder with a howl of pain. His breathing was heavy. Then the archers came from the woods. They were girls, about a dozen of them. The youngest was maybe ten. The oldest, was about eighteen. They wore silvery ski parkas and jeans, and they were all armed with bows. They advanced on the manticore with determined expressions. "The Hunters!" Annabeth cried in shock. Next to me, Thalia muttered, "Oh, wonderful.", the distaste clear in the voice of the daughter of Zeus but he didn't take the time to ask what she meant by it. One of the older archers stepped forward with her bow drawn. She was tall and graceful with coppery colored skin. Unlike the other girls, she had a silver circlet braided into the top of her long dark hair, so she looked like some kind of Persian princess, "Permission to kill, my lady?" the girl asked. He couldn't tell who she was talking to though because she kept her eyes on the manticore. The monster wailed in outrage "This is not fair! Direct interference! It is against the Ancient Laws.". "Not so," another girl said, this one was a little younger than he was, maybe twelve or thirteen. She had auburn hair gathered back in a ponytail and strange eyes, silvery yellow like the moon. Her face was so beautiful it made him catch his breath, but her expression was stern and dangerous. "The hunting of all wild beasts is within my sphere. And you, foul creature, are a wild beast." She looked at the older girl with the circlet, "Zoe, permission granted.". The manticore growled. "If I cannot have these alive, I shall have them dead!" before he lunged at him and Thalia, knowing we were dazed. "No.'" Annabeth yelled, and she charged at the monster. "Get back, half-blood!" the girl with the circlet said, "Get out of the line of fire!" But Annabeth leaped onto the monster's back and drove her knife into his mane. The manticore howled, turning in circles with his tail flailing as Annabeth hung on for dear life. "Fire!" Zoe ordered loudly. "No!" he screamed shooting to his feet but the Hunters let their arrows fly. The first caught the manticore in the neck. Another hit his chest. The manticore staggered backward, wailing, "This is not the end, Huntress! You shall pay!". Thorn grabbed Thalia and Bianca, who had tried rushing the beast, in each hand and was about to jump off the cliff with them when he charged forward yelling angrily, "NO!" he screamed and punched the beast in the jaw, causing the surprised monster to lose its grip on Thalia and Bianca before he reached up and threw Annabeth off the monster. He was about to get out of the line of fire and let the Hunters kill it before the beast grabbed him and pulled him close, "You'll have to do!" the beast snarled before running to the cliff. When he noticed that Thorn was going to take another parting shot at one of the hunters, the eighteen year old one, he shot his elbow back with all his might into the creature's gut causing Thorn to stumble and the shot to go wide before he was pulled over the cliff and into the darkness.