knocked me out. I didn't know whose attention she was trying to get earlier, but now it seems to be the people who rescued me, Annabeth Chase, Piper McLean, Jason Grace, Leo Valdez, Hazel Grace, Frank Zhang, and a dead Percy Jackson. Someone layed him beside where I was chained up, and someone seemed to shake me awake. I think it was Piper McLean." Chiron's eyes went wide when she stated the seven's names so confidently, like they were etched on the insides of her eyelids. She seemed to know about them, and much more, even though she had never met them officially. "I sort of ignored her. My gut-feeling came back again, and I was somehow drawn to Percy. It seemed like I wasn't even still in charge of my body anymore, and I placed my hands, one on top of each other on him, and there was the red flash again, and he sort of came back right then and there." Chiron interjected," But how can that happen? What did you do?" Emily thought for a moment and winced at some medicine May was putting on her side. Artemis seemed to be listening intently, as well as May, even though she seemed to try to mask her interest by working on the wounds. "I sort of felt his connection... relationship with Annabeth, and sort of drew on that, like... like a cord. Death divides the cord right? 'Till death do us part'. But I don't know how to explain it, I sort of pulled on the broken end and he sort of came back. After that, I felt my energy waning, and I sort of passed out, but I felt like I had just retied the cord, you know? That's how I would put it in the simplest of terms." May stopped working for a moment. Artemis stared at Emily's distracted face. Chiron sat still in his wheelchair. Emily's long,dark mahogany hair rolled like ocean waves over the pillow she was given. After a moment, her eyes, eyelashes thicker than normal, flitted towards all three of them in the room. "Then, after a sort of dream, I felt a burst of energy and was revived, but not by any of the campers, by Circe herself. It looked like she had frozen everyone in the room in the positions they were in. Annabeth had a sort of glow about her, Percy was back to back with her, their weapons drawn, and everyone else seemed to be stuck in the effort of trying to kill Circe until she froze all of them and walked towards me, beside Piper. She told me to look at everyone around me. She tried to speak to me in a different way, I could feel the power in her words, but the connections/cords between everyone were good ones, and I don't know how to explain it, but it's sort of like a giant spider web between everyone. you can feel the good and bad connections. And all of them had a bad connection to her, as well as me, so I sort of gathered all of the rage and hatred from everyone and kind of focused it on her. It was sort of an exchange of sorts. The best connections got life and the worst... Then the red flash, and she fell. Everyone unfroze and came over, she was pronounced dead, and before I could answer any questions, just that fashioned blow towards Circe had drained everything I had, along with the injuries I had sustained, I passed out, next thing I know I end up here, and Chiron starts taking care of me." The three others in the room continued to stare at the girl. May seemed to conclude her treatments right then and there despite not finishing wrapping the bandages around Emily's waist completely. She walked out of the big house back into the heat of the sun, carrying all of her supplies with her. Artemis and Chiron shared a look with each other, and both seemed to come to a conclusion together. "Well, Emily, you can stay here with us at Camp Half-Blood like I said before, and you can make friends here, and learn how to defend yourself against the world you will be introduced to over the weeks. You will be protected, and you will learn many new things. For now, you will live in the Big House, which is where you are now, and if you want,after we finish that bandaging, you can go to dinner with all of the rest of the campers if you'd like." The wolf stood up beside the couch and made puppy-dog eyes at her. Painstakingly, Emily sat up, holding the bandages where they were, and quickly finished the bandage roll off down to her pants line, and cinched it off there. Chiron went off for a moment and returned with a glass of something that looked like a mango smoothie to Emily, she'd never had one, but she could name it. Chiron gave it to her, and she took a sip, and kept sipping till it was completely empty. Artemis stood and pulled Emily's shirt down for her, afterwards tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. Artemis quickly left without a word, leaving her dog with Emily. "Wait, but-" Emily began. "She will be back, and that should make you feel better for a time, but for now, you should get some sleep." Chiron pulled one of the blankets out from behind one of the couch cushions, and splayed it over Emily, who had layed down and immediately fell asleep. The wolf who seemed to care for her as well climbed onto the couch and layed it's head against one of her legs, keeping watch. Chiron left the room making sure none of the campers could get access to the room. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX How was that? If you liked it, please leave a review for more, and I'll continue it. Goodnight peoples! ;)