depressing. Sylvia and Zoë were watching their parents from across the amphitheater, who were whispering to one another and talking in serious, urgent tones to other war veterans, and to Rachel Elizabeth Dare, her parents' friend and the camp's Oracle. The fact that Leo Valdez wasn't making any jokes about this made Lily think that times were tough. In the middle of the song about the grandma who lost her armor, Lily couldn't take it anymore. She cleared her throat and said, "Chiron, what's going on? Like, really?" The singing stopped abruptly. Whispers filled the amphitheater. Chiron gave her a stern look. "That information is classified. We are keeping it from you for your own good." "But we need to know!" Mean-sounding snickering sounded. The whispers turned to murmurs. Lily heard, "Thinks she's special because she Percy and Annabeth's daughter." "Show off." Luke looked like he was about to tell them to shove off, but Chiron was faster. He stamped his hoof. "Enough!" he shouted. He lowered his voice again. "Let us resume singing." The singalong ended after a few songs, and, warily the cabin counselors led their cabinmates back to the cabins. And as Lily closed her eyes, willing herself to fall asleep, she prayed to Athena once more. Please grant me the knowledge I wish to have. Lily dreamed. She was at the edge of a dark, deep pit, a pit that seemed to drag at her clothes, tug at her billowing raven hair, pull her in. She dug her bare heels into the ground to find a sharp pain in them-they came out bloody. What Lily took to be gravel was really bits and pieces of broken glass. There was no sky above her-it seemed like the world was a cavern, that the sky was the ceiling, even though the ceiling of the cavern was so high Lily couldn't even make it out. The air she breathed in was sticky and weird, like it was acid, and stung her eyes. She had never felt so cold, yet the air was uncomfortably warm, and shifting-forward, backward, forward, backward, like someone was breathing it. She heard menacing rumbling sounds around her, even though it was so dark. It reminded Lily of the tales of the Underworld her uncle Nico would tell her, when she'd beg him to tell her a scary story when he visited even if her mother didn't approve of scary stories. She looked around. "Hello?" Her voice sounded awfully shrill and pathetic in this cruel, dark place. No place for a thirteen year old girl. A deep, dark rumbling sound emanated from the pit in front of her, like it was laughing. Welcome to my abode, Silena Olivia Jackson, a menacing voice spoke. His voice echoed in her mind like the pulse of a migraine, hurting and growing louder and louder the more Lily got afraid and confused. It is…honoring… to have Perseus Jackson's firstborn in my presence. The sarcasm in what could be called his voice was evident. He was mocking her, mocking her dad. And if it was one thing Lily had, it was her pride. She mustered up the courage to boldly ask, "Who are you?" You are at the edge of Tartarus, the second most foul place in the world, the voice replied with a voice like thunder, except lower, more humane. If you jump into this pit, it will-how do humans say?- become a one-way trip to Tartarus. I believe your parents once fell here-they were quite…adorable when they befriended the giant and the Titan-but they have only seen the outside layer. If the Mist had not been merciful enough to obscure their vision from the actual Tartarus…well, they would've gone insane. A shame they didn't though. Little entertains me more than restorer of peace and his loyal sidekick screaming and tearing their hair out of their heads… Lily shivered. She remembered asking her mother, when she was little, before she knew about gods, about the worst thing she'd ever done. Her mother said that she fell into a really big hole one day, and it had monsters in it. Lily now knew what her mother had been talking about. She studied enough, though, to know the basics of Tartarus, and so she gathered herself up and said, "Second most foul place in the world? If so, what's the first?" The most hideous, most terrifying, most foul place in the world, in fact, is what lies underneath it, the voice vibrated within her skull. It sounded amused, like he was telling a child a fairy tale. I suppose I should break it to you. It is I and a few other friends of mine who have invaded your precious little camps. It was rather easy-I suppose Chiron's falling behind, the old chap-and quite fun to terrorize puny demigods. "Who are you?" Lily shouted into the void. I find it better for you to figure that out on your own, the voice said, laughing again. You are a descendant of Athena, correct? Then use what that arrogant goddess gave you. Think. A silence ensued, broken only by the whistling of the shifting wind. But the voice spoke again. I would very much like to kill you later in your little quest, but I feel rather hungry. I suppose you shall be my late-night snack. The wind became stronger, pulling her nearer and nearer to the edge of the pit. The rumbling laughter turned into a low cackle. Lily dug her feet into the glass, ignoring the pain, turned around, and struggled against the wind. Her mind flashed back to a memory when she was younger. Be careful, Lily, Nico had said, his dark brown orbs of eyes sad and warning. It's possible to die in a dream. And with all the willpower she had, Lily forced her eyes open, and she woke up to Luke shaking her, his glasses askew, his expression urgent. "Lily, come on!" he said. "Camp Half-Blood's under attack!"