brownstone buildings from the window, the city was New York. I'd been to New York about four times, and had vacationed in several other important American cities, and I could say with some certainty that the Big Apple had the nosiest drivers of them all. The thought crossed my mind that I might not be in an American city altogether. I furiously punched and kicked that thought into the back of my mind, where it cowered in darkness. I was not spending the rest of my life kidnapped and forced to live in a Russian girl's dorm. I pushed myself off of the bunk bed, cursing as I landed on my foot badly, and hobbled over to the door. It opened before I could get a chance to even grab the knob though, and my momentum carried me forward into a soft body. My vision was momentarily blocked by said soft body. Oh God, please don't let this be a face-in-the-boobs cliche, please don't let this be a face-in-the-boobs cliche, I whined desperately in my head. A sharp intake of surprise reached my ears and I backed away from the soft body to examine the girl whom I'd accidentally run into. Judging from my height and hers, I had lucked out and hadn't actually gotten my face stuck in her breasts. Then again, she didn't actually have much in that way to speak of. She was a short thing, shorter than me at least, and my vision had been blocked by her hair, not her chest. She currently was not in a school uniform, but rather in an edgy black shirt that depicted a heart pierced by an arrow with a jaggedy shaft. She wore equally edgy black pants, and from how well she would've blended into a night sky, to me she kind of looked like she was trying to simulate both a robber and an early 2000's punk band groupie. Then again, she didn't really have the hair for my last judgement; it was straight and a natural red, tied into a ponytail that hung on her back. We stared for a few moments. She looked highly unimpressed with my accidental faceful of her hair. "Um, hello, Earthling," I said, offering a small, nervous wave. "Are you Russian?" Was my voice always that high? I mean, I had a naturally high voice, but I'd thought it was at least low enough to be considered a male's. The girl cocked her eyebrow. "Eve," she said slowly, like I was a piece of gum on the bottom of her black school shoes, "you are so weird." "My name's not Eve, it's Evan!" I snapped, wincing as she shoved past me and elbowed me into the door. Owwww , my funny bone. Seriously!? On top of having cracked ribs, I now also had a hurt funny bone!? This was not funny , God. Just what was going on, anyway? I randomly got stolen from walking my dog in Ohio, I ended up in what's probably a girl's dorm room in New York City, my voice is higher, and this edgy redheaded girl just called me Eve. ...Wait. Waaaaaait . Just what did I like to do in my free time? Just what did I pour my life and soul and precious hours of sleep into every day of my life? Fuck. I was a self-insert. While the redheaded girl gaped at me, I rubbed my non-existent beard and paced in circles in the doorway, largely ignoring the aching in my chest and funny bone. Okay, so I at least know this much now. But what series was I in? Shit, I'd read and watched a lot of stuff. How was I supposed to know where I was? I still didn't know enough about this location to make an accurate guess... I rushed over to the redhead, grabbed her, and shook her desperately. Her eyes widened in surprise and she attempted to knock my hands off of her shoulders. "What year is this!?" I asked hurriedly. "2005!" she yelped, eyes wide. "Hey, let go, bitch!" 2005... okay, so I was definitely on Earth, then. Of course, I'd suspected as much anyway from the posters of Tom Cruise and Brad Pitt, but it was nice to have confirmation. Swallowing dryly, I asked, "Where are we?" "Did you hit your head or something?" The girl squinted at me and punched my elbow. Yelping, my grip on her shoulders relaxed, and I keeled over to nurse my poor elbow. "We're at Yancy Academy, home to every kind of problem child you could name. I'm Nancy Bobofit, and you're my annoying roommate, Eve Gamble." That got me to look up from my elbow. Yancy Academy... Yancy... why did that name sound familiar? Nancy Bobofit was ringing a bell, too. A very faint bell, to be sure, but it was ringing something. Yancy Academy... Nancy Bobofit... Some series I had watched or read... I tapped my foot as I tried to link them together. Furies. Centaurs. Decapitating math teachers. My pearly, hazel eyes shot open in recognition. Sweet Jesus on a Harley Davis, I was in Percy Jackson . ...Fuck, I was in Percy Jackson . ... Awesome ! I was in Percy Jacks - waaaaaait a minute. "Did you say 'Eve Gamble,' and roommate?" I asked awkwardly. Nancy growled and sighed. "Yes. What is wrong with you today? I mean, you're weird normally, but this is nuts even for you." I rushed over to the mirror on the makeup desk and stared. Long, chocolate hair, beautiful hazel eyes, pink blush on the cheeks, lips turned a soft, gel-ish pink from lipstick, and a girl's school uniform. I blinked. The person in the reflection blinked back. I blinked again. She copied me again. Behind me, Nancy Bobofit lifted her eyebrow and stuck her hands in her pockets before collapsing on her bunkbed. "Whatever, bitch." Brain . exe has suddenly stopped working. Reboot? Yes/No. Yes. Rebooting... I screamed.