take care and love you for the rest of your life? All you have to do is slip on this ring and say 'yes'. So, will you marry me?," Jason stated confidently, as he opened the box to reveal a silver ring with a single diamond perched on top. Sure, it had cost him a fortune, but he was willing to spend any amount on Piper, because she was literally priceless. Piper gasped and her hand flew to her mouth. She seriously wasn't expecting the proposal. Sure, she did have thoughts about spending her future with Jason but she did not dare to bring them up for fear he would object. Furthermore, she was happy with their current relationship status so she did not want to push things too far. She originally thought that Jason had a burst of creativity and wanted to use it on this date. Happy tears streamed down her face as she managed to keep herself from trembling, squealing, "Yes. YES! I will marry you, Jason Grace." And it was in that moment when everything was perfect. Every trouble, threat, worry was gone from their lives, only pure happiness was present in the air. Sure, not everything worked out for this couple, as do other couples too. Furthermore, them being demigods just complicated their journey. But it was through these ups and downs that led them to grow closer together, to be by each other's side through thick and thin. Everything worked out. Jason slipped the ring on Piper's delicate fingers before engulfing her in a tight hug, unintentionally lifting her and twirling her around, which resulted in a squealing Piper and a laughing Jason. He placed her down, one hand cupping her face gently as if she were a China doll, and the other snaking around her waist, pressing her tightly against his chest. "I love you," Jason whispered, although there was no need to. It was as if he would destroy that atmosphere if he spoke too loudly. "I love you too," Piper declared, both of her hands winding around Jason's neck. Slowly but surely, Jason leaned down and kissed Piper gently on the lips. Piper kissed back almost immediately and through the kiss, they conveyed their happiness, passion and every other emotion they were feeling then, even though it was gentle and soft, not rough and needy. Both Jason and Piper felt sparks fly – heck, they felt fireworks because of their immense joy – when they kissed, even though they had done this many times. They say it is true love when you never get tired of that person. 'Cause girl, you're amazing Just the way you are. Jason pulled away, a megawatt smile on his face and his smile grew wider – if that was even possible – when Piper's facial expression mirrored his. Their cheeks were flushed and their eyes were filled with unexplainable joy and excitement for their new life, together . Jason kissed Piper gently on the forehead before asking, "And may I have this dance, m'lady?" "Yes, you may," Piper giggled, giddy with happiness. And just like that, the imperfectly perfect couple waltzed underneath the night sky, which held the glorious moon and the many shimmering stars speckled randomly. Even though there was no music, the couple swayed side-by-side, chests pressed against each other, holding onto each other as if they would lose the other if they let go. The moon shone brighter tonight, as though Artemis, a virgin goddess who despised most men, herself was beaming for the happy couple underneath the night sky. And we could all bet that Aphrodite would probably be running around Olympus, cheering for the fairy-tale ending of her daughter, and perhaps one of her favourite couples. Because nothing was perfect or expected for demigods. They had to just go with the flow and see where life would take them because their lives were still being threatened on a daily basis. As for now, Jason was very contented with where he was, right beside his soon-to-be wife. Piper was indeed amazing, just the way she was. Besides, he wouldn't have it any other way. "Mrs Piper Grace," Piper whispered, a smirk evident in her voice, "I could get used to that." "You'd better be," Jason replied, bringing his lips close to her ear to whisper. Then, he planted his lips on hers and the couple shared yet another passionate kiss. Sometimes we don't believe in fairy-tale endings and this might be too cliché for our own good. But surely our lives would have unexpected events, just like the instant noodles and mac and cheese on a formal, romantic date. However, it all works out in the end, just like this couple. So believe in yourself and create the future that you want and everything will all just work out. § § § When I wrote the prep for the date part of this story, just the way you are so happens to come on the radio. Completed: 19 December 2013 Update: This is a re-upload. I reread what I wrote last year and I cringed. I'm sorry for the cheesiness (cos there's mac and cheese #geddit). In all seriousness, this piece of work isn't one of my best and I apologise. There are a few reasons. 1. Sorry to all Jasper shippers. I DO NOT ship Jasper. I only wrote this one-shot because a fellow user requested it. But hey, everyone is entitled to their own opinions and ships so no hate! :) 2. I was just introduced to pop culture back then last year so the songs I use are kinda mainstream. I promise the one-shots I'm gonna write are going to be better songs! Most are my personal favourites :) These one shots are part of a bigger compilation ( PJO Couples Song-fics ). At first I had a book for all these one-shots but then i separated them. Hope y'all will still continue to support me! Thanks :)