floor exactly where Jason's foot would have been and moved his gun back to Percy while never once breaking eye contact with Percy. "Don't do that, hell don't even think about doing something as stupid as that" Rhodes said in Jason's general direction. "What are you waiting for," I asked, before an audible click was heard and the lights in the cubicle area outside my office went off. In my peripheral vision, I saw him smirk as he whispered in my ear "That" Then another click was heard and my office lights went out leaving us in complete pitch-blackness. I felt the pressure on my neck alleviate. This was followed by several screams, a few shots, and a loud smashing noise. Eventually the back up generator kicked in and the lights turned back on, and the scene was carnage. Everyone except Percy and Jason were knocked out on the floor and they had confused looks on their faces, but the room was even worse there were bullet holes in the roof and floor, broken chairs and one of the agents was thrown through one of the glass windows that separated my office from the main office space with the cubicles. And worst of all Mr. Rhodes was gone; hell he must have picked up his jacket on the way out because that was gone too. "Wait, what was the point of all that?" Jason asked "I don't know I mean all he did was… oh god" I screamed and quickly logged into the network. "What?" Percy questioned. "No, really that is just adding insult to injury" "What" Percy said even louder. "The hostage situation was just a distraction to lessen security around the server room, and someone broke in, hacked us, wiped our servers and replaced it with 15 terabytes of… well lets just say it involved things usually only seen on the animal channel " I said as I turned the monitor to show the feed from two cameras one outside the server room which seemed to be current, which is normally guarded by five people but three had come to help with the hostage thing and were currently lying unconscious on my office floor, with two unconscious agents. And the other camera which showed a female looking person plugging a pen drive into one of the many server towers then quickly leaving, however according to the clock in the bottom corner of the camera display this happened a couple seconds after Percy came into my office to find me as a hostage. "So… someone broke in, stole the info and replaced it with animal porn" Jason elaborated to a kind of confused looking Percy. "Well to put it bluntly, yes" I said. Amelia's POV: "Oh. My. God. That is the single most fun I have had in about a year" I screamed as we careened down the motorway in a Ferrari Laferrari (Which I had been informed he had gotten completely 'legally'). "Hell yeah" Ben shouted, "Fast cars and robbing the FBI, what could possibly be better?" "Well I could think of a few things" I said smirking flirtaously. He chuckled turned and whispered "I'm sure you can, but dinner first because hostage taking makes me peckish". "Sure, why not?" I agreed, who knows this could be fun. "But first clothes" he said as he pulled over. I looked at him confused. "What's wrong with what I'm wearing now?" asked innocently. "Literally nothing, but where we're going they don't let people wearing balaclavas and black turtlenecks." He said as I walked to the front of the car to see him looking in the boot while taking off his shoulder holster. I don't know why but a part of me was disappointed when the boot wasn't full of random assault equipment. But all he had was clothing (Men's and Women's), an ice cooler and a Hunting Bowie Machete. "You keep women's clothes and a machete in your car boot" I asked. "You don't?" he questioned as he passed me a knee length dress before taking off his dark cream waistcoat. "What are you doing?" I questioned "Getting changed… like you should be" he answered "What's wrong with that suit?" I asked. "Nothing but some random agent bled on me while I was hitting him so I threw him through a window" I said nonchalantly as he took off his crystal white button-up shirt which with closer viewing had numerous small red blobs on the arms. I took off my black turtleneck (which I bought especially for missions like this) and almost instantly Ben turned around, I couldn't help but chuckle at how weird it is for a man who kills people for a living to have such good manners. But I stopped chuckling when he took off his shirt; his back was well toned but I didn't notice that because his back was also littered this scars from where he'd been shot, stabbed or cut. I must have gasped because he turned around looking panicked, which to be fair didn't really help as his chest looked even more tone but was also covered in scars. Including a huge cut right across his right pectoral and it went through a tattoo which said Z504. I now knew he had been through pain and all I could think about now was making sure it never happened again. Wait what the hell am I on about, how am I supposed to protect him he's a professional. By the time I shook off those thoughts he had turned around again and was finished putting on a new shirt and had put his jacket back on. So I quickly I pulled off my pants and put my dress on before getting back into the car. A second or two later Ben came back to the car got in, closed the door and looked me in the eyes. "Shall we?" he said gesturing towards the road. I smiled at him and stated "Yes, we shall".