cabin at the right time you may see Babes on babes, if you know what I mean." Jason winked at the blushing Percy who pushed him gently. "Come on, I'm gonna go talk to them." Jason took off towards two girls waiting in line to use the rock-climbing wall, which Percy quickly noticed had actual lava coming down one side of it. When they reached the girls it was almost their turn to go up, but they stepped out of line to talk to Jason. "Hey Pipes, Annabeth." Percy gave both girls a quick glance. Piper was obviously an Aphrodite girl, with Cherokee skin, choppy brown hair, eyes that seemed to move and constantly change colors, and ample… assets, which Annabeth defiantly wasn't lacking. Her hair was blonde and her eyes were a fierce gray, which both went good with her California tan. "Hey Jason, is this the guy that stood toe to toe with you yesterday?" Jason nodded to Annabeth's question and wrapped an arm around Percy. "He sure is, his names Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon." Percy shook both girls hands while smiling, which caused them both to freeze. "Oh yeah, Jason must've forgot already, but I'm a werewolf, Lupa raised me as a favor for Poseidon." Jason rolled his eyes when he saw both girls already swooning over him. Percy also quickly noticed that Jason liked Annabeth, something he planned to tease him about later. "So Perseus-" "Just Percy" "Ok then Percy, how about you give the lava wall a go?" Percy looked at Piper and then up at the top of the wall about fifty feet up. "It's fine if you're scared, you can go on the beginners wall where there's little hand holds and no lava." Percy looked back down at Piper and saw her smirking. "What's the record?" Piper smirked more and pointed to a chalkboard with Jason's name and the time '5.24' seconds on it. "He cheated though. He used his powers to dodge the lava section completely." Annabeth smiled innocently when Jason glared at her. Percy looked at noticed a wooden pole that was about seven feet from the wall. "What are the rules?" Piper looked at him astounded, it was his first day and he was already considering it. "There are none. You get to the top without falling and as soon as you hit the buzzer it announces your time. All you have to do is stay on your side of the pillar, if you go onto one of the other sides then it doesn't count." Percy nodded and pointed up to one of the four poles that were placed on each side of the pillar. "What about those?" Piper shrugged. "What about them? There only there so that if you start to fall you can maybe grab on and keep going." Percy smirked, that was all he needed to hear. "Ok, is there a certain spot I have to start?" Piper shook her head and attached a small band to his wrist. "This is the timer, it starts as soon as you touch the wall." Percy nodded and got in front of the side with lava. All the campers around stopped to watch, as not many ever tried to do that side any more. He heard everyone cheering and ignored it, focusing on the sound of his breathing, and his heart pumping faster and faster until it drowned out all other sounds around him. With a roar his eyes snapped open as he sprinted at the wall, jumping as high as he could about five feet away from it. As soon as his feet touched the wall he pushed off backwards and stuck his claws into the wooden pole briefly before pushing off of that too and repeating the process until he got up to the part where there was lava. Here he pushed off the wall and dug his claws into the pole and pushed with his legs, except instead of pushing back and up he pushed straight up. This slowed him down a little, but he still got past the ten-foot section of lava in just over a second before leaping off the pole and slamming his fist into the buzzer at the top of the wall. The problem? He didn't realize that once he lost his momentum he was going to start falling. He frantically clawed at the wall and tried to get his claws to dig in, he saw the ground getting closer, closer, closer. "Umph!" Jason flew into the air and tackled him sideways last second, knocking the wind out of both of them, but not causing any serious damage. "I didn't think anyone was going to beat my time, so I couldn't let you die after doing it. Had to let you watch me beat your time sometime." Percy laughed while coughing and laid out on the grass next to Jason. "What was my time?" Jason looked back at what Annabeth had written on the whiteboard and groaned. "4.89 seconds. That's insane, it's gonna take me forever to beat that." Percy smiled while shakily standing to his feet. He looked around at everyone and saw their shocked faces. He smiled and pointed to his canines. "Surprise! I'm Percy Jackson, werewolf son of Poseidon." A/N: First Story! I know most people are like 'Please don't be mean to me, it's my first story and I can't take the heat' I want your 100 percent honest opinion. Didn't like the POV? Tell me. Didn't think the plot was good at all? Tell me! I don't want to keep working on a story when all I get is good reviews and so I think it's good, but there are ten times as many people who hated the story but loved the writer and wanted something else. This will start out as Percy/Piper, but that'll change unless you want it to stay the same. Tell me! It'll also be Jason/Annabeth, unless you don't want that. Tell me!