Cold, or Ice Man because of copyright issues, and Ice Dude, Cold Kid, The Chiller Thriller, and Icicle Boy all sounded too gay, And Prince Frosty The Killer Snow Bitch was just way too wordy. But you all can just refer to me as Frost." …... I can't tell if that was the funniest or most shocking thing I have ever heard! And all around me everyone would have agreed. Before Chiron or anyone else said anything, Frost got up from his chair, which made everyone jump a little, even me. Then he spoke "OK now that that's out of the way let's just get to the part where you bring me to my cabin." The way that he said 'my cabin' was almost like there was a single cabin reserved for him. And apparently Annabeth was thinking the same thing when she asked "Um, your cabin?" "Um, yes my cabin, the one dedicated to my godly mother. The one titled Ice Bitch." Everyone looked at him confused and surprised by what he said. "Snow Queen." Everyone still looked at him confused. "Elsa? Nothing?" He questioned. "Who exactly is your godly parent?" the head of Hecate cabin asked. "Khione, Goddess of snow." Frost said Flatly. A few collective gasps encircled the the room, the biggest gasp came from Piper who retreated into Jason's arms. Then Frost spoke again. "I see my mother's Icy touch has left a lasting impression on some of you and more so on others." I saw him say something under his breath, but couldn't hear him. Then Will spoke up again to break up the cold vibe of the room, but that just made it worse, "And what about you mortal mother"? Frost answered with no expression or change in his voice."Oh she was eaten by a Manticore." …... OK WOW! I think the most appropriate ( and only reaction) came from Nico, since everyone was in udder shock by what and how he said it. "HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY SAY THAT WITHOUT EVEN A SHRED OF REGRET IN YOUR VOICE, you-you-you make sound like it was TUESDAY!" Nico yelled at Frost. To which Frost replied dryly "It was Tuesday." The current day was Friday, so he lost his (mortal)mom...three days ago! "And another thing, just so everyone one here knows." Frost addressed to everyone. "I. Cant. Feel. Emotions." Well….that explains a little bit. "I have to admit it but I am quite surprised that my mother doesn't have her own cabin, so where will I be staying?" Frost asked breaking off from the previous conversation. Chiron Finally spoke up, " Well Khione has never had any demigod children, with the exception of you which I find most strange, and any demigod that hasn't been claimed by their parent or their parent does not yet have a cabin then they are automatically inducted into the Hermes cabin." "Oh wonderful Hermes Cabin, just what I wanted, being cramped in a small space with a bunch of people and having the bountiful amounts of nothing I own stolen from me." He said in the Biggest display a sarcasm I've ever seen. "Oh really then what about that jewelry you wearing? Is that considered as nothing ?" Conor of the Hermes cabin asked. "Oh please this? This is worth less than half a stack of computer printer paper." Frost answered him in his cold voice. Conor didn't show it but he had a disappointed look on his face, Frost turned to Chiron and asked "So who's going to be showing me to new prison- I mean Barack- I mean sleeping quarters." "That would be me(unfortunately)." Conor answered.(thanks for taking one for the team Conor!) Frost walk over to him and said "Well, lead the way." "Oh but first I have to ask do you have any bags that you need help carrying, I wouldn't want to be rude." Conor said in a charming voice. "I can manage." Frost replied holding his jumbo ziplock bag in front of him. "Is that it?" Conor asked confused. "Yes, and what makes you think that even if I had bags that I would let the likes of you or any of your fathers spawn carry them for me." Frost answered in a dry sarcastic tone. Well that's a disappointment. Conor said softly. As Frost, Conor, and Chester the satyr were about to walk out of the meeting room to Hermes cabin, Clarisse said something a little too audible, "Psh, what an Ice Queen." Frost whirled around fast and dead stared her down with his threatening icey blue eyes, which were now even more threatening since the whites of his eyes were replaced by an even lighter shade of blue than his irises, which were even more illuminated, if that wasn't enough a cold mist(like the one where you exhale on a cold morning, not the magic) was pouring from them making him look like he was ready for blood. Now most if not all Children of Ares would take that as an instant challenge, but when Clarisse saw those eyes staring at her, she was frozen (Oh gods! I'm doing the puns again!). She didn't react, speak, move or anything. Frost slowly walked up to her put his hands on the table and started her dead in the eyes 2 inches from her face, then he said, "Get your facts straight sister." he said in a threatening tone. "I'm not a Ice Queen, I'm THE ICE QUEEN!" And walked away. Hope you enjoyed the Fanatic, just remember it's my first, so dont expect anything mind blowing. If you liked it please review, if it's to give me some pointers on my writing or any ideas for the plot( I already have the plot set in my head) I'm always open to suggestions. Hope you wait to read my next chapter The Fix. P.S: Can you find all the references I put into this fic, the winner who finds them all will get...Um...Braging Rights!