out with them and base the relationship off of looks?" Percy turned the tables. "What I meant was, what would your ideal partner look like if you had a type?" Nico asked, not really sure where he was going with this, but Percy had been polite enough to humor him. Nico wasn't sure why, but he was fascinated by Percy and his strange habit. "Hm, well if you want to base it off of looks, I guess... you would be my type." Percy looked down at Nico, who had his eyes wide in surprise. "Really? I'm your type?" Nico asked in disbelief as he received a nod from Percy. "No one has confessed to you yet," Nico began saying as Percy looked at him curiously. "Well, how about it? Do you want to go out with me Percy?" Nico asked out of the blue. Percy blinked in surprise, but he never got to answer the strange, porcelain skinned boy that had stopped him for a talk, because right then, the pizza came. "Delivery!" The delivery man said as he handed Nico the two pizza boxes, "that'll be $25.78." Nico abruptly handed the boxes to Percy as he fished for his wallet. Ah shit, I left my wallet in my bag... "Hey, can you hold onto those? I gotta go get-" Nico never got to finish because Percy soon pulled out his wallet and paid for the pizza. The delivery man left and Percy handed Nico the boxes, where he read the name 'di Angelo' on the top box. "Thanks," Nico said sheepishly, "I left my wallet back in the classroom, but I promise I'll pay you back." "Don't worry about it," Percy smiled at Nico. "Hey, I gotta go, but see you around," Nico called over his shoulder as he left Percy alone. Percy watched Nico's retreating form, and thought how this strange, brown-eyed boy asked him out. He needed to get his name... ' di Angelo huh?' Percy slowly made his way inside and walked to the main office. ... "Nico what took you so long? I'm starving!" Ellie complained as Nico made his way inside the classroom. As soon as Nico set the pizzas down, Jason and Ellie ravished them. "Hey, guys leave some for me," Nico complained as he grabbed a slice for himself. "Come on, let's help you with math," Ellie laughed as the three put their desks together and started to take out their text books while eating. "Good, I don't think I'll be able to pass Ms. Dodds class at all," Nico let out a huff, thinking about the old, wrinkled and evil math teacher for algebra 2, Nico had taken algebra 1 in eight grade and geometry his freshman year. "She's evil I swear!" Jason exclaimed. "She's not evil, just snotty and pretentious," Ellie stated her opinion. Nico and Jason looked at each other and then at Ellie, "evil," they both said at the same time. School was finally over. It felt like it had dragged on forever and Nico couldn't wait to get home and watch tv or play video games. Well, after art club that is. He had just come out of art class when he spotted Percy Jackson leaning on the wall, looking incredibly attractive. His jacket looked a bit ruffled but otherwise, nicely ironed, his slacks looked very nice on his long legs, and his navy blue tie hung perfectly on his white button up. "Nico di Angelo," Percy smirked as he pushed himself off the wall and made his way over to Nico. "Percy Jackson," Nico said as he started to walk down the hall to go use the vending machine. "When I was talking to you earlier, I didn't know who you were, so I didn't know your name but now I do," Percy smiled feeling accomplished. "Congrats, you found out who I was," Nico sarcastically said. "Yes I did." 'Sarcastic huh? Not exactly how I pictured Nico to be-' Percy thought to himself. "Oh, by the way, here you go," Nico said handing Percy a ten dollar bill and a twenty, "thanks for paying for the pizza." Percy looked at the money for a moment before sliding it back onto Nico's uniform shirt pocket. "Do you have a cell phone?" Percy asked him. "I do, why?" Nico looked at Percy curiously and then eyed the money Percy gave him back. "So I can put my number in and I can have yours," Percy responded. Nico shrugged his shoulders and gave Percy his phone. Percy soon put his number into Nico's phone, texted himself and then handed it back. 'I guess he really is friendly... all of a sudden he wants my phone number and paid for my pizza? No wonder he has so many friends.' Nico thought to himself as he got a Snickers bar and a bag or Doritos. "Are you doing anything right now?" Percy asked Nico. "Yeah, I have art club right now... don't you have swim practice?" Nico asked Percy. "I do, but I skip from time to time..." "Well you shouldn't, go to swim practice tomorrow okay?" Nico grumbled as he made his way back to the art room. Percy chuckled slightly, "okay I will, ever the dutiful student I see. I'll see you tomorrow Nico." "See you," Nico called back as he watched Percy turn a corner. Nico found it strange how friendly Percy had become towards him. Percy was an even stranger person than Nico thought before. Things started to progress rather quickly. He had the crazy idea that, because Nico asked Percy out, Percy was now taking it seriously. 'Well, how about it? Do you want go out with me Percy?' But Percy never gave Nico an answer anyway so that couldn't be it. Surely, Percy didn't think Nico had been serious when he asked Percy out right? 'He couldn't have taken me seriously, could he?' Please tell me what you think! I hope you guys enjoyed it!