her head, pulling out her dagger. The Leanan Sidhe slammed the creature against a wall, the very ground shaking from the impact as the limb was engulfed in dust and debris, yellow dust flitting around inside it. Satisfied that she'd eliminated the pest, she turned away from the wall, just for her eyes to widen in shock as a dagger embedded itself in her chest. She looked down at the blade that was up to its hilt in her chest, then looked up slowly at the Riley, her arm still extended from throwing it. Her mouth opened and shut, mouthing inaudible words before fi\nally letting out a shrill scream, disappearing in a cloud of yellow dust. Riley collapsed onto her rear, gasping for air after having it all kicked out of her, the unnoticeable pain in her limbs now slowly catching up with her body, and the shock of seeing a random monster actually help her was still something she had to get used to. She looked at the boy who stared back at her, and both of them knew they had questions for the other. "Who are you?" they both said at the same time. "You first, seeing as I'm the one who got the last blow in," Riley said. He looked around, noting the rapidly encroaching dusk. "Can we do this somewhere a little safer please? With a little more light maybe." After doing a full sweep of the restaurant, and trying to explain the events to the rather crestfallen (and now talentless) old man, they found a few pouches of suspicious looking liquid that Riley was fairly sure was ambrosia. They left, and after a horrifyingly overpriced taxi drive, arrived at a seedy looking motel. The kid seemed to have enough money at hand to pay for two cheap rooms, and even a fake id in case anybody wanted to know how old he was or where his parents were. (Admittedly, two very good questions) They both hunkered down in Riley's room first, the maroon wallpaper slowly peeling off. The furniture looked like it had seen better days and Riley just hoped that the bedsheets were actually clean, but there wasn't much she could expect from a random kid's pocket money. She collapsed on the bed, not willing to admit that her hand was still hurting. She heard the boy pull up a chair and plop himself down in it. "Alright, you start," Riley began. "You could see through the mist and hunt monsters. You're not from Camp Half-Blood?" "Camp half… um, no. I'm not… from wherever you said. My name's Zachariah. I'm pretty much a demon hunter. Well, a demon hunter in training. You see, my mom's a demon hunter, she travels around the country hunting down supernatural creatures. Empusas, telekhines, wendigoes, dracaenas, rakshasas…." "Okay, is it weird that I've only heard of half of those creatures?" "You must be new to the business then." Riley resisted the urge to punch him in his big stupid looking face. She'd been doing this all her life, what did he know? "Anyway, because of that I'm always changing schools and stuff. But now my mom's gone missing. Ain't exactly the best time for me to be stuck in class. So I'm trying to find her. That Leanan Sidhe was just a little pit stop." Riley nodded her head, trying to absorb all of the information. "Well I've said something about myself, what's your story?" "Well, I'm Riley. I'm a demigod from Camp Half-Blood, and I was sent here on a quest to…." She was interrupted by Zachariah's raucous laughter as he nearly fell off of his chair, clutching his sides. "What?! What's so funny?!" "I'm sorry, you're a demigod? From Camp Half-Blood? " "Yeah, what's so wrong with that?" "I'm sorry, but I just plain can't take that seriously! That's like somebody telling me to watch out for the tooth fairy!" He stopped to catch his breath, wiping the tears from his eyes, then broke out into a second verse of laughter. Riley's face was turning more and more red by the second. "What's so unbelievable about that?" "Hey, Raleigh-" " Riley! " "Riley, I've seen a lot of things, stuff that your nightmares would run from, stuff that you'd have to take a really heavy acid trip to even think of, so I've got a high tolerance for the insane, but I'm pretty darn sure that half human half gods don't exist anymore, and if they did , they sure as hell wouldn't be struggling to take out a simply fairy. If that was it, then maybe I'd be cool, but a camp? Like, a little supernatural summer camp?" "It's not much more unbelievable than your stupid little story!" "Yeah, well I have proof. The fake ids, the cool demon-slaying gun, heck you saw me fighting that thing!" "And you saw me finish it off! Wait a second, so that means you're not a half-blood?" He shook his head. "One-hundred-per-cent human," he said, emphasising the figures. "That doesn't make any sense. Then how do you know about monsters? How do you even see them? Shouldn't they be shrouded in-" "The mist? The all-too-mythical fog that hides the monsters from the eyes of salary-earning-God-fearing folk? Same way you do probably: Jedi mind tricks." That hadn't answered anything, but Riley had long since given up on trying to find out anything from him. The longer they talked, the less made sense to her. "Just… just get out of my room already. Let me sleep." Zachariah shrugged his shoulders and slowly got up. Just before leaving, he pulled out a piece of chalk from his pockets, hunched down on the floor in front of the door and started scribbling something on the floorboards. "Um… what are you doing?" "Drawing a devil's trap. Demons you know, can't predict them." Riley just shook her head and closed her eyes, sinking deeper into unconsciousness. "I'm not sure I want to wake up tomorrow…."