Lady Athena to study and recreate as to build a population of more than five. That is all though i do have a report from one if my contacts that can wait awhile but is gods ears only secret." I say and back up handing the kitten back to Percy who is glaring at me then Thalia steps forward "Um Lady Artemis?" "Yes Thalia?" "I wish to join your hunt. If thats okay with you?" "Yes that's fine we can take care of it later after all i do unfortunately need a new lieutenant." "Alright if that's all Hermes take the Demigods back to Camp and return quickly so Theseus can give his g.e.o. report." Once the others are gone I'm encased in a bone crushing hug from my father "Theseus where have you been I've searched everywhere on earth for you?" "Dad... Cant... Breathe... Huh thanks dad but to answer your question i haven't been on earth on in the air or the underworld." "But that only leaves-." "Tartarus indeed." At that moment Hermes returns and father goes back to his throne i pull off my jacket and push my right arm forward to display my tattoo "Roman liaison to the gods reporting for duty." They shift to their roman forms "Speak Theseus." Jupiter says "I have alerted Camp Jupiter's praetors of the coming threat of Saturn Jason and the other praetor said that they will train the Legion to the best of their abilities but i fear that may not be enough i wish for some of lord Mars' immortal children to train them in the ways of war with the Titans." "Alright it shall be as you request Theseus." "Thank you uncle. Now if you'll excuse me." I say then walk to the nearest bar on Olympus that i know can get into and order a whiskey in nursing my third glass when someone i recognize walks in oh shit its Artemis i immediately turn so she can't see me and its to late she sits down next to me and gestures to the bartender Sara? I think her name is to get the same as me once it gets here she asks "So there a reason you are trying to get drunk before you go back to camp?" "I'm not hades I'm not even tipsy. Why don't you drink three if these and see how drunk you are?" Oh if I knew what a bad idea that choice of words was then i would not have said them because at that moment she downs her drink thens asks for another until this turns into a bit of a drinking contest so far i'm at 23 and she is at 17 and she is drunk like seriously drunk even worse than Apollo on a Friday night drunk so i settle the tab and try and get her home safely but that is not happening at camp so i walk us into the palace section of Olympus passing several beautiful ones as well as some would prefer to forget not gonna say any names there but her initials are APHRODITE so i get to the silver temple and open the door i go up a set of stairs and down a hall way to the master bedroom and put her in bed leaving her uniform on i summon some godly aspirin and water then go down stairs trying to find the kitchen in this place i find one and her refrigerator is filled to the brim with food thank Chaos i pull out some venison sausage some tomatoes, onion, and spices and start some spaghetti sauce then i grab another pot and a pan then fill the pot 2/3 if the way full of water put in a palm full of salt and put that on to boil i brown the sausage and add the sauce put some noodles in the water and wait once its done i strain the noodles get a plate put noodles, sauce and cheese on it then put it and a note saying Good morning Arty, I know last night probably a little fuzzy for you so here's what happened. You got drunk and passed out so i brought you home and put you to bed there is some aspirin and water next to the note along with some venison spaghetti the left overs if which are in the refrigerator. Also don't forget you told Thalia you would induct her into the hunt today Your cousin, Theseus I then left at a speed that would make Hermes jealous and went to my palace in Tartarus to see Zoë when I get to the infirmary i see her wake and decide to see how this plays out one of my servants has her tiara with him and approaches her and say "Ah your majesty your awake." "Huh? What? Your majesty? What's going on here?" "Your majesty king Theseus told us to give you the best we can offer which considering where we are is quite a lot here is your tiara your father hade made for you princess Zoë and if you will-." "It's fine Abnegazar i will take it from here." "Yes your highness I'm glad your back." "Zoë come with me there is much to explain." A.N. and that's a wrap for chapter one if you liked it tell me in the reviews if you loved it tell me and if you hated it tell what I can do to fix it so each chapter will be one book obviously this is longer than most as this was his whole life up to here also shout out to nutsofthechest now because most of Theseus powers come from his story The True Child if Chaos great story by the way okay so suggested reading: anything by: Anaklusmos14, nutsofthechest, or plutosdaughter11 Everlasting promises is an amazing Pertemis fanfic also the Chaos Paradox Reboot by Son of Hephaestus11 is good to so Theseus out guys