knife? It's a very good knife, and it has a little magic in it too. Would you like it?" Colleen grinned as Elizabeth rapidly nodded her head. "But first, you have to promise me something. This knife comes with a story, and you have to never let that story be forgotten. You promise you'll do that?" "I promise!" Elizabeth replied. No one had offered her a weapon before, and the idea of a counselor giving her one - a magical one, too - excited her. "What does the magic do?" "It protects the owner," Colleen replied. Elizabeth frowned. "Don't all weapons do that?" "No," Colleen answered. "Well, yeah, but this one is extra protective. If you keep this, nothing can ever harm you." Elizabeth's eyes widen. "Really?" "Yes, but remember, there is a promise that comes with it." "Don't let the story be forgotten," Elizabeth remembered. Colleen grinned. "Exactly." 1967 Hal calmly sipped tea from the porch of his mansion, waiting patiently for the demigods to show up. Apparently, there was a karpoi infestation in Ohio that was causing a lot of problems for farmers, and Chiron had told the demigods that were going on the quest that they could borrow Hal's car. Hal was annoyed at the assumption, even if he had said that his car was open for use by camp. Chiron should know that he didn't mean it - besides, shouldn't camp have its own vehicle by now? Hal sighed and leaned back in his chair. He was twenty, he should be free from camp's obligations. But no, he had to give up his pride and joy - his precious car. Chiron should know how possessive children of Apollo were with vehicles - a trait directly inherited from their lovely father. Right on time - that is, an hour late - three demigods appeared in the plaza. They looked young, not older than fourteen, but then maybe Hal was getting old. Demigods don't usually live to be twenty, anyways. The leader of the quest was in the stereotypical position of the middle. She was the shortest and the skinniest and the least scariest - she couldn't have been taller than five feet. Her golden brown hair was pulled back into pig tail braids as if she was trying to look younger. The John Lennon glasses that were tilted on her nose didn't take the attention off of her heterochromatic eyes - one eye brown, the other green. Hal frowned and sat up. Hadn't he had a vision about a girl with different colored eyes? Even if he had, he shouldn't do anything about it. Apollo had drilled it in his head - don't try to change the future. He wasn't the oracle, he had no right over anyone's, even his own, future. Just shut up, and maybe write it in his diary if he had to get it out. But those eyes were definitely familiar. So familiar that after giving his keys over the girl - Elizabeth - he pulled her to the side to read her future. "Give me your hands," Hal said, holding his own hands out for her to grab. She obliged. The first thing Hal saw in his vision was evil corn. Karpoi maybe? Visions weren't always straight forward. The corn reached out, grabbing at a car - his car - as it drove down the road. Suddenly, the corn yanked the car backwards, causing it to flip over and - Hal yanked back, causing Elizabeth to do the same. "What did you see?" Elizabeth asked. "Don't go," was all Hal could say. "What, why?" Elizabeth asked. "I mean, this is a quest for my mother, if she-" "Don't. You will die." Elizabeth flinched. "I will?" Hal nodded. "I-I can not tell you more. Even telling you this was a great risk. But promise me you won't go." "I won't, don't worry." Elizabeth smiled reassuringly. "I have plenty of siblings that can handle this, I was just the most eager to get out." She moved as if to leave, but stopped. "Why was telling me such a great risk?" "I am not supposed to divulge what I see," Hal explained. "I have no doubt angered my father already. But as much as I despise getting involve in things like this, I could not let an innocent girl die." "Thank you, then," Elizabeth replied. "For taking that risk. Maybe I could give you something in return?" Hal chuckled. "I'm fairly well off, if you haven't noticed." "I'm not talking about stuff like that," Elizabeth replied. She took a knife out of her bag. "This knife is supposed to protect its owner. Maybe, maybe it will protect you." "Thank you," Hal said, taking the knife. "And be careful." "I will. I promise." Ten years ago Hal studied the boy in front of him carefully. The vision he'd seen of his future was... discerning. Could the boy - not much older than Elizabeth had been - really go on to cause so much harm? But Luke did have a point. Hal was already cursed, already punished. He couldn't come right out and say what he saw, but maybe there was some other way to change his future. Elizabeth's knife, maybe? It was supposed to protect the owner, but she never said from what. Not Hal's curse for sure, but maybe... And his diary, of course. If Luke could learn from past mistakes... Annabeth stared at the two people staring down at her. Could they be serious? No one took her seriously. Not about the monsters, not about the spiders, not about the nightmares... but the boy promised. She could trust a promise, right? And he was offering her a knife, a weapon. As if she was someone who could be trusted, could be taken seriously. Not an attention-hogging seven-year-old like her parents had treated her. No, they were treating her differently. And that's what she wanted. Family. So she took the knife. "Family, Luke. You promised."