are able to pull their pieces together from the war, Meg cannot. She is saved but far from being alright. She has lost everything – from a father to her tormentor – and the truth of the Beast and Nero inflicts as much pain as what the broken oath of Styx inflicts pain on him. He knows it will take years of healing from him to turn her broken heart and soul into whatever it was before, but Apollo fears he does not have the years to do so. His broken oath is killing him and his injuries from his battle from Python and Nero are choking him, and worst of it all, he is becoming more of Lester Papadoulous than Phoebus Apollo. Yet, he abides to those risks because Meg needs him. Their oath is the living proof. Meg might have released him, but he is still bonded with her. He is everything she has left; thus, she is not willing to let him go – to end his servitude to her. He is not willing as her to let her go; he cannot end his trials without healing Meg to her finest. He knows it will not be an easy task and will possibly become his hardest trial, but he is willing to go through it, just so he can see this ragamuffin of a demigod who has become his daughter be free from beings like him. Or maybe it's because for once he wants someone who can change, someone who lives in the fear of death and time, someone who can deteriorate and perish, just so he won't have any more regrets, anything to repent. Exactly eight years has passed since the day he met Meg, and he has not seen or heard from Olympus ever since. Meg is now 20 years old (He is 24, but he knows that's not his real age). She is getting better, slowly and surely, and the trauma of whatever she has endured seems to be fading (He is dying – it hurts when he breathes and Nico looks at him with a quiet remorse). But, that is only because he is with her for those eight years, and in those eight years he has become her father, her brother and her closest friend (in those eight years, he has forgotten what reason his father put him into the mortal realm for, what his sister looks like, and who his closest friend in the Olympian family). Their oath remains strong and firm, and no party is willing to break it. It's winter and Camp Half-Blood is strangely cold despite the ability of its protective barries. He finds it hard to breathe, but opts to stay outside in the cold because Meg is climbing the lava wall and he's watching her just in case she does something stupid (again, and again, and again. She does not give him reasons to relax, because she is afraid it will break their oath). He spots a fox in the distance, watching him watch Meg. Strange. Animals should be let astray by the protective barriers of camp. But, he has no time to dwell on such things. As Lester Papadopoulous, he has no time to flirt, and make flings and children on the way. He spends his time teaching children at camp, taking care of Meg (and makes sure her self-harming tendencies are kept on a leash), and taking appropriate medicines to alleviate his pain. He finds it hard to breathe sometimes, especially in the cold weather, but he is doing okay for a dying man. At least, in this form – as Lester Papadopoulous – he has no regrets and no things to repent, someone who truly needs him – Meg and his remaining children – is being served by his utmost ability and sun breaks at every dawn even if he's not pulling his chariot in the sky. Odd. How this fragile and delicate mortal with a perishable body and a scent so attractive to monsters make Lester Papadoulous feel more of a god that he was as Phoebus Apollo. The fox is shot and it gives out a pained cry, while Meg, in her distracted state, slips and falls. He makes haste and hurriedly comes to Meg's aid because she needs him. Once Meg is okay – the snow has caught her fall, thank goodness – Lester looks back and sees the fox already gone. But, its golden blood shines under the dim sunlight, like the golden rays that a god named Phoebus Apollo once had. Author's Notes: Yayyy I hoped you liked it. It was hard tying up the theme to the definition of Nihilarian. I wanted to portray Apollo being very considerate and responsible for once, but with the wrong things. So he becomes a Nihilarian because when he should be back to Olympus and applying the lessons he learned as a mortal in his job as a god, he stays and takes care of Meg. I also tried putting a dash of amnesiac!Apollo in there. I believe that Apollo's teacup of a mortal brain is not suited to handle his million years worth of memories, so the longer he stays mortal, the more memories he forgets (like what Artermis REALLY looked like, not her human form but her godly form), what were the things that he and Hermes shared in between (I personally believed they're the closest Olympians after Apollo/Artemis), and many other memories that transpired from his childhood as a god and in between (those are the hardest accounts to search; thus, Apollo doesn't have anything to jostle his memory of those). Other than that, I made Apollo dying from his oath because there's also a hint that Apollo might die; I refuse to believe that magic will happen and Apollo will be suddenly relieved of his broken oath. After taking responsibility of his disasters for once, that would ruin his character development. Let the guy have his consequence.