"Yeah?" "Yeah. And I'd always liked stars you know. They make everything look so beautiful." Her cheeks feel warm and she moves to stand beside him, but not quite looking at him. "I'd want to argue that mine has the dullest color ever, but I'll take the compliment. I like yours too." That brings a laugh out of him, but it isn't because he's laughing at her. "Yeah. A lot have told me that, apparently. It seems as though they find green eyes hot." "Yeah right." She glances at him with a small grin. "That was kind of a weird conversation starter," Annabeth comments. "I didn't know. I thought it was awesome. Everything I thought was awesome," he mutters. After a few seconds, Percy covers his eyes with his hands, embarrassed. "Oh gods, that was awful. I didn't realize how alcohol apparently lowers my shame." "Nah," she elbows him jokingly. "You have nothing to begin with." And he laughs like he finds it funny and she laughs with him too, because they're happy and they're two idiots under the influence of alcohol. "So…" he begins. "Today's the last day." "Mhmm," she hums and traces shapes on the floor with her shoes. "Listen, I just want to say that even if—Annabeth," he says, calling her attention. She nods but still doesn't look at him and instead, fiddles with the material of her scarf. "Annabeth." "Go on. I'm listening." "Annabeth. Look at me," Percy whispers, as her fingers join her hand on the scarf. He holds it and lets it slide under his thumb, the silky texture catching on his skin. His fingers ghost over hers and it's rough and soft all the same and a shiver rocks her body. This time, he calls her name again but he also tugs on the end of her scarf to face him. "Look at me." She looks up. And she gasps. There are thousand words written on his face, but she can only understand one thing. Annabeth recites it quietly in her head, repeating the words all over and over to engrave it on her memory. She wants to say a thousand things all at once—there are so many thoughts running on her mind, so many things she wants to say but all she can blurt out is, "Percy." His fingers tug again and she's moving closer and he's leaning down and—oh oh his lips slant over hers and he's catching her breath. She kisses him back in an instant and she feels fire, hot and blazing run through her blood. Annabeth loses her breath with every passing second, yet as he kisses her again, it feels like she's breathing air for the very first time. Then, his hands are moving to cup her face while she lets her fingers tangle in his hair. Percy tilts his head and nips lightly on her bottom lip, and her head suddenly becomes dizzy and she can't quite think. When Annabeth's pretty sure she'll die because she forgot to breathe, he pulls back and presses his nose on the space between her eyebrows, as puffs of breath escape his lips. Her grip on his hair loosens and she slides her finger down to his shirt, where she clenches the material under her fist. Annabeth still doesn't open her eyes—she doesn't want to open her eyes, because it will become real and when it becomes real, she knows that this shouldn't happen—knows that this shouldn't have happened in the first place. But as her eyes remain close, she can make herself believe that this was only a dream, and she can just keep on dreaming and dreaming—but it isn't. Percy's thumb is on her lips, touching lightly and she stores the feeling deep in her mind. When she feels his breath blow across hers, she grips his shirt hard and shakes her head. "No, no. We—we shouldn't." "Annabeth—"he protests, but he cuts her off. Hearing his voice hurt. Hearing him say her name hurt. And it hurts and burns so fucking bad . Annabeth backs away from him slowly, while he walks towards her with every step she makes. "Percy. No. We shouldn't do this. It isn't—" "But, Annabeth, listen—" She shakes her head and raises her palm to stop him. "No, Percy. Listen to me. This—this didn't happen, okay? This shouldn't have happened." Percy grips her wrist, tight. It isn't painful but the way his skin feels on her is. "You just can't say things like that, Annabeth." "But I can!" She shouts. Gently, she places her hands on both sides of his face and stares at him in the eye. "This isn't right. You have Rachel. This—this is just fling. Nothing here is permanent." "But we can make it permanent!" "Maybe in another dream." Annabeth smiles at him, sadly. She kisses the corner of his lips, and whispers, "Say you'll remember me." He whispers the words back. She smiles one last time, turns away and never looks back. ; Percy sits at the table beside the window. The dark clouds stirring are drifting farther from the sky, and it opens up to reveal the sun peeking behind it. He feels a soft tug in his heart as he sees the silver lining of clouds, and he remembers silver stars in a charcoal night. He then shifts his gaze to the white band of skin on the fourth finger of his left hand, remembers how it used to feel heavier than the rest, but now, there's none. He feels lighter somehow, like he doesn't carry something that weighs far too heavy for him. He's still touching the band on his ring finger when a new hand joins his, and he thinks— no, he feels like this might just be the right hand . Percy looks up and sees golden blond curls and silver stars eyes and of course— he remembers . She smiles at him and he smiles back and whispers, "I remember." ; He wakes up.