second," she told me, and went back into the kitchen. She came back with a glass of water and a piece of paper. "Is that for me?" I asked. "Is that supposed to wake me up or something?" "Well, you're pretty suitably awake now, but I need you to be awake enough so you won't be able to convince yourself you're dreaming." This alarmed me, needless to say. "What do you mean?" I chuckled nervously. "In time," she said purposely cryptically in a pathetic attempt to sound mysterious. She led me to my room. I sat on tn my bed and laid back down. Mom closed the door. "Am I in trouble?" I asked her. "Wait, why would I be dreaming about getting in trouble?" "You're not in trouble, Judy. Well, kind of. Maybe. So, Judy, do you have anything to say to me?" I instantly drew a blank. "Uhh... no?" A silence passed. "Oh! I love you, Mom! Does this have something to do with my graduation next week?" She looked at me like I was insane. "You mean to say you didn't?" she asked without any explanation. "I was so sure that you would. I should know; I'm your mother. But I guess you wouldn't be able to fall asleep after learning from it." She let out a deep sigh. "Does this look familiar?" she questioned, holding up a folded piece of paper bearing a ridiculous amount of similarity to the letter inside the Family Circle from earlier. "That's the letter from this afternoon inside the magazine! The one I almost read!" I said instantly. "Right?" "The one you almost read?" she asked. I was about to explain, but she cut me off. "Never mind, I don't want to know. Anyway, read it." She handed it to me. I took it. I felt significantly peeved about the fact that I was supposed to read it, and silently cursed Franklin Pierce and his nonfamous presidency. "Okay." The room was quiet while I read it. "Mom." "Well?" "Is this some kind of joke? Some kind of not-tasteful, unfunny, lame joke?" I asked redundantly. "I mean, seriously." I faked a deep, overdramatic voice. "Signed, Mercury . Mercury? Seriously? What, is it obscure reference day? Roman gods? Seriously, if you want a practical mythology joke, nerd , why the most obscure mythology ever? What is Roman mythology? Egyptian mythology, Native American mythology, I recognize - okay, Native American's a stretch, I only know the Great Tree thing, I think that was them - but Roman mythology? I mean, even Greek mythology! How did I forget that? Hercules , best Disney movie ever!" "Time to stop talking, my daughter. I thought it was a joke, too, but I did a little research in my spare time-" "Skipped Desperate Housewives ?" "No!" she said. "Never. But during the commercials... How about this: Mercury, Roman god of lying? Roman god of thievery ? I don't know, Judy, but those traits seem to personify you ." I didn't say anything. She continued, "Seriously, though, Judy, think about it. You didn't get the stealing trait from me , and you've never needed to steal, right? Farthest thing from it. So we'll check this summer camp out, and if there's nothing there, we'll come back, okay? There's an address." I looked back at the letter. "Yeah, in California ! It's across the country, Mom!" I said. "And seriously, you're going to fall for this? This 'the Roman gods are real' thing? Why would obscure mythology turn out to be the real thing? Why not God -god, Allah, or the Hindu gods?" "Look, Judy. If there's nothing there, we'll spend the weekend in California. You don't want to go to California? We can go to Carl Jr.'s. Those burgers are heavenly. Anyway, we're agnostic." In the end, I decided to go. Sean and Kyle were pissed that I got to take a trip to Cali, while Dad just thought it was a strange way to waste money. Still, we could afford it, so we went. That was how I found myself there, in the middle of nowhere, with just me and my mother. We walked for a while, and then Mom stopped abruptly. "Judy. I think I dropped something back there. Wait here, okay? Actually, just keep walking, I'll catch up." "Mom, I'll come with you." She gave me a weird look. "No, Judy, keep walking. It'll save time and we can spend more time doing vacation things here. I'll catch up, okay? I need exercise anyway." "Mom, no." "Look, Judy, just do this, okay? Or else you're grounded on your first week of freedom. And we'll do absolutely nothing but shop for clothes this whole weekend." " Mom ." "Judy, I'm going to go, and if you follow me, or just wait for me here, I am keeping my word." "Mom, you're being ridiculous." "Judy, if you don't go now, we will stand here arguing forever. I'm not backing down." I wondered why my mother was acting so peculiar, but I finally decided to back down. "Fine, Mom. Just don't take long, okay?" "Okay. Catch up with you later, Judy." I didn't laugh; I was kind of pissed at her. "Bye, Mom." I made a point of not looking back at her as I walked. Until I'd been walking too long of a time, and I didn't know where I was anymore. I looked around for my mother. She was nowhere in sight. "Mom? Mom! Mom !" I tried to retrace my steps, but there wasn't any path. It was my fault; I shouldn't have left her in this area. Now she was probably lost, too. I stayed completely still for hours. That's what they told you if you got lost: stay completely still. And then, I was face to face with a pack of wolves and imminent death. "It's OK to call; now I'll answer for myself. Come pick me up; I've landed." - Ben Folds, "Landed"