was not a complete success, I didn't grab the parts for the sword, and I injured that girl really bad. I still have her blood on my shirt, but I think I might leave it there. Not that I'm creepily collecting parts of her, just that it'll scare people… Yea, that's it…. Anyways, I got my stuff out of my bag and put it with my stash under my bed and fell asleep. The next day I woke up and checked on the girl, it was my fault she's in there I might as well make sure she's ok. She was still sleeping, after all Will did say she'd be out for a while. She looked cute when she was asleep, so content and she scrunched her nose every now and then. Sorry, ranting again… I made sure she was somewhat comfortable and then I left, I was thinking to myself about how to combine the new parts to my weapons I had created. While I was leaving Percy was waiting outside the door, "Hey Matt, how was last nights mission?" he asked. "It was ok", I answered, " the girl is really hurt". "Then you should take care of her, you're probably the only one who knows anything about her" he said. "Don't worry I'm already doing just that" I explained. He stopped and thought for a second and said "You like her don't you?" I didn't answer, and he started to laugh. "If she's caught your attention, she must be quite a girl", he started to say, "a girl that can catch the attention of the one guy who doesn't give attention, she's must be really something". Then he walked off, I decided to go to the armory to start working on the other weapons I had been inventing. When I got there I grabbed the half made celestial bronze blade, that I had been trying to make its effect poison, it could come in handy. But I couldn't focus, I had that girl on my mind the whole time, I couldn't tell if it was a guilty conscience or because I had a crush on her. I lost track of time and then my alarm went off at 1:30, and I skipped lunch to help the girl. She was still the same, content and sleeping I helped give her some nectar to help heal her. I gave her a new pillow and a warm blanket to help make it better for her. I waited there for about an hour, reading and planning for new weapon integrations and new ideas to help demigod fight monsters. Then I decided to leave, I headed towards the rock climbing wall to join up with my cabin and I stuck with our schedule until dinner. I skipped dinner as well, to go check up on the girl and make it easier on her to heal. When I came out, I saw Annabeth. Uh oh, I thought, what's she doing here? "We were wondering where you were" she said, "Percy told me you'd probably be at here taking care of the girl you went to go rescue". I looked down at my feet "It's not a finished mission until she's healed, I'm just looking after her…" I said, she started to look me up and down, studying me. "You have a crush on her, don't you?" she finally asked. "What? No, I'm just making sure she's safe, after that I'll be out of her hair", I said "I'm better off alone, I don't need anyone else", She frowned and shook her head. "You do need someone, being alone isn't good for you" she said, "just try, she might even like you back". I started to think about what she said and she left, what if she's right?, I thought, what if I do need someone more specifically her… I shook the thought, No one likes me, they never have and never will. I left and took a shower, and went to bed early. The next couple of days were a blur, but one night something strange happened. Right before I fell asleep, someone came and knocked on the door, I got up to answer it. It was one of the satyrs that went on the rescue mission, "Chiron would like to see you", he said and then walked away. What would Chiron want? Surely he wouldn't call me for just anything, I got up and went to the Big House. Yes I'm in my pajamas, get over it. When I opened the door and walked in and I saw the girl standing up talking to Chiron. I started to get nervous, I walked towards them, Just play it cool Matt I thought. "Ah, here he is now" Chiron said "this young man helped rescue you, and he nursed you back to help". I stared at the ground and blushed a little, she stared at me and said "Thanks for all your help, without you I wouldn't be here". I said "Don't mention it", she looked at me again and then said to Chiron "I'm ready to go to my cabin now". Chiron looked towards me, I pleaded him with my eyes to not do this, but despite my effort he told me to take her to cabin eleven until she was claimed. I walked her to her cabin and she said "Thanks again, I don't really know the place to well, could you show me around tomorrow?" I thought about it for a second and said "Yea, I'll be here to pick you up at about seven". She smiled and went into her cabin, I walked away and started to think… Does she like me? Or is it only because I'm the only person she knows here? I guess I'll have to wait and see… I made it to my cabin and as soon as my head hit the pillow, I was out. I started to dream, and it was all about her.