Luke asked. Luke was rather scary when he wanted to be, but was kind enough to his friends. He had a good, even tan, was pretty muscular and also had icy blue eyes along with sandy blond hair. The striking thing, however, was the long white mark on Luke's face. It looked like a knife mark, but it wasn't. Not really anyway. The story in town was that Luke's family were performing a ritual that involved slicing open their palms, but something went wrong when his mother passed him the knife. Apparently, she wasn't looking because people assumed she became possessed by the devil and she cut Luke straight down the cheek. Of course, it wasn't true. As far as he knew, they weren't like that. He was so sure that the families that lived on Olympus Drive didn't do what the town said they did. Oh, how wrong he was. Sure he knew the other kids could do some stuff. But, he was sure they did nothing evil. Yeah, well, he knew his family had magical … histories, if you wanted to call it that. And to help things, each and every person he saw in the hall were actually his friends' parents. Strange right? You have weird dreams about you friends' parents and you don't know what to make of them. Sure, he'd hear about the things they had done in the past, but he didn't think that they were that old. He seriously needed to talk to Luke and Jason about these things. They would know, Percy thought. He'd only found out that his friends could practice magic about a month ago. He didn't want to say anything to his parents, because of the things Luke had mentioned. Apparently, some guy named Gabe Ugliano had found out about the family's history and threatened to reveal them. He was never heard from again. "Just the usual," Percy replied, sitting down next to Luke who grinned like an idiot. Percy knew what was going to come out of the blond's mouth next. "I think she has the hots for you, even though she thinks you're an evil witch." Luke said. The rest of the group busted out laughing. Percy really hated these idiots sometimes. Of course, if he told them, he would probably be blown to bits by magic. Percy never really considered dueling his friends with magic. Unfortunately, he couldn't. That would mean his parents finding out about his premature access to parts of his family's secrets and Percy would probably be punished if Kronos ever found out. "Very funny. Just thinking if I should tell my parents about ... you know," Luke and Annabeth seemed to understand. "Maybe you should wait until they tell you," Annabeth said, lowering her voice. "If the heads of the family find out that you came to know about magic prematurely, you would be dealt with harshly. Even if it was because a pair of twins weren't using their heads!" Luke said. The twins were Luke's little brothers. Travis and Connor. Travis and Connor both looked the same. They both had blue eyes, brown, curly hair and the only way you can tell them apart is by their height. Travis was the taller of the two. "Oh, come on Luke!" Travis said. "Yeah, he was going to find out anyway." Connor said. Luke rolled his eyes. "Yeah, well, if our parents find out, it'll be tickets for all of us." Jason said. "Doesn't really matter," Percy said. Suddenly, all eyes turned to face him. "A new family moved into the Drive, and I didn't know up until a week ago." Everyone in the group looked to each other for help. "Yeah … that's the –" Annabeth didn't get to finish. The school bell sounded and it was time for them to get to class. "We'll tell you later, Percy." Luke promised. They all got up and made for the school building. It was quite impressive. There were four buildings, all of which dedicated to specific subjects. Building A was where most of the laboratories were and including rooms for Math. Building B was where the sport facilities were situated. Some outside the building, some inside. It contained the swimming pool, locker rooms, the gym, basketball court and shower stalls. Building B was closest to the baseball pitch. The baseball pitch was actually just a quarter of the entire ground. There was marathon track, a volleyball court and even a small area stationed off for tennis. Building C housed the kitchens for Home Economics, the Cafeteria and the English classrooms. Lastly, there was building D. that was the Administration Building but it also contained the student lockers. Yeah, their school was not an easy one to walk through to get to their next class. Their principal was Chiron. He had a warm smile with warm brown eyes to go along with it. His brown hair was shaggy, yet it was neat. His beard was scruffy and he was rather tall. He was a kindhearted man and always did his best for the children. Well, Percy had to get to class. He had English with Dr. Boring – no, seriously, that was his real name – and they were studying The Great Gatsby . Life couldn't get any worse. Author's Notes: Right, then. That was the first chapter. I really do hope you've enjoyed this. So please, favorite, follow and review. Also, the next update won't be anytime soon since I have this very torturous thing called 'school'. Ever heard of it? This alone took me three weeks to complete. And, finally, should I continue this FanFic? Should I end it? Please, give me some feedback via your reviews. I would really like to know if you want me to continue. So, hugs and kisses. Love all round. And please review. I really find it depressing when you guys don't review. Bye for now. I look forward to reading all of your reviews. ~TheSun'sShadow