onto Grover's lap, "Oops, I didn't mean to do that, I thought your friend here was a trash can—I'm sorry." Nancy mocked. Percy had enough of Nancy's taunts, and bitchy behavior, he tried to contain his anger, but something happened, a waved seemingly roared, and the next thing he knew, Nancy was soaking wet, and Mrs. Dodds standing on top of her. "Percy pushed me!" Nancy screamed. "Perseus Jackson, you're coming with me, right this instant." Mrs Dodds commanded as she helped 'poor Nancy' onto her feet. Mrs. Dodds grabbed Percy's arm, and dragged him into the museum; navigating through the labyrinth of hallway, "Now honey," Mrs. Dodds started, "You should never harm a girl, especially not using your powers on them." Percy's mind was working a million miles a minute, 'Powers? He had powers? Was this some kind of sick joke.' But whilst Percy was lost in thought, he had failed to notice Mrs. Dodds disintegrating into nothingness before reappearing in front of a big marble frieze of the Greek gods, "You've been a slight nuisance towards us, Jackson. Did you really think that you'd escape Lord Hade's wrath?" Percy didn't understand what was happening—oughting to keep silent to, "Confess to your crime, and maybe Lord Hades will par you from torture." "I don't know what you're talking about, ma'am." In a time span of a few second, Mrs. Dodds' eyes began to glow, like hot charcoal, her fingers grew, and morphed into talons, her apparel melted into her body, as she grew leathery wings. Immediately leaping into the air, she made a quick descent onto Percy, ready to slice him into ribbons, but before her talons could make contact with Percy's soft flesh, Mr. Brunner had appeared in front of Percy—he was no longer a cripple, instead he towered over the young boy; he had managed to stop Mrs. Dodds' attack using the sword he was wielding. "Damn you, centaur, if you want to die so badly, then I'll grant your wish." Mrs. Dodds screeched, as she shot back into the air. The battle between centaur, and bat was extraordinary—every time Mrs. Dodds came in for an aerial attack, Mr. Brunner would find a way to block it, but Mr. Brunner wasn't invulnerable, he had sustained a few gashes on his horse like body; during the fight, Percy was trying to comprehend what was happening in front of him. Getting frustrated, Mrs. Dodds decided to change her tactic, retreating to the nearest shadow to convey a false sense of security, she assessed the situation—just when she was about to surprise the centaur with another aerial assault, Mrs. Dodds saw an opening; Mr. Brunner was tending his wounds, and wasn't anywhere near her target. Slipping into the shadows, she appeared next to Percy, and in one quick motion, she jabbed her razor sharp talons through Percy's back. Everything went white, he felt as if he was free floating in microgravity, "What happened? Where am I? And why do I feel like someone stabbed me in the back?" Percy questioned, "Because someone actually did stab you in the back; you're not the sharpest knife now are you?" A disembodied voice replied "Hey! I take moderate offense to that!" Percy retaliated, "But seriously, where am I? And who are you?" "Ah finally asking the real questions, huh? I am Ananke, the primordial goddess of necessity, compulsion and inevitability, and you are in my realm." Ananke introduced herself, "Primordial goddess?" Percy questioned. "You still have much to learn, young Perseus. Nevermind who I am, I'm here to make your life a bit more interesting. You see, a greater power asked me to change your destiny for their entertainment. I can only oblige by their command—you are here because your teacher, Alecto, assumed you'd stolen the Hades' helm of darkness—his symbol of power—and had murdered you to retrieve it for her master." "So what does this mean for me? I assume I'm already dead." Again, Percy questioned, "Yes, and no. You may be dead now, but not for soon; Mr. Q had asked me to grant you three gifts that are within the parameters of his request." "And what is the request?" "He wanted you to have greater powers, he saw that your abilities to manipulate water was too mundane, he wanted you to two of the five powers presented to you. The power to manipulate thoughts, and ideas; the power to manipulate the very atoms within a person, and create whatever you wish for; the ability to manipulate time; the ability to transcend into other universes; or the ability to change fate." To say Percy was dumbfounded was a huge understatement, he could have any two of these, along with his apparent manipulation over water. The ability to manipulate a person's thoughts, and ideas seemed very ideal, and the ability to manipulate time as well. "I… I want the mind manipulation powers, and the powers to manipulate time as well." Percy answered. "Good choices." Ananke responded, as she created a ball of light, gently tossing the ball towards Percy, it had erupted, dousing Percy in a bright flare. "Before you go, I do have a couple of things left, Mr. Q had asked me to give you this," Ananke dug her hands into her dress, retrieving a pen, "This is an enchanted item, it has the ability to transform into a scythe; just pushed the button. That's not all, the scythe is a replica of Death's personal scythe, it has the ability to tear through the fabric of space; you may exile any deities into the space. Lastly, your powers are not fully developed, your time manipulation may be used a few seconds at a time, whilst your mental manipulation works on mortals, it will not work on deities… not yet anyways." "Thank you Ananke, but if I recall, I'm still dead.", Akanke gave a quick smirk before snapping her fingers, sending Percy back to the mortal realm. "Let the games begin."