dates with Annabeth." "I-" "It's not like you're my boyfriend or anything to ask me about this either!" Nico got up, grabbed his coat and stomped out. "Nico! Wait!" He was out the door and Percy groaned in frustration. What was wrong with him? Why did he keep pestering Nico with these questions? Why did he feel so jealous? Seriously, what was wrong with him? He needed to apologize to Nico as soon as possible. But... these feelings that he had been harboring... they were getting stronger and he didn't know what to do... Annabeth and Percy had ended things just a week ago and he felt so relieved. They decided to become friends in the near future not right away seeing as how awkward and forced it would feel... It's not like you're my boyfriend... No, Percy wasn't his boyfriend, but the idea that someone else might be Nico's boyfriend sent anger through his body. He couldn't deny his attraction to the brown eyed boy anymore, these feelings sprung up so quietly on Percy. He never noticed how rooted they had become, they had taken residence in his heart and mind and he couldn't think of his life without Nico anymore. He couldn't just sit here and let Nico walk away, he had to do something, he had to take some form of action... he had to tell Nico how he felt. But... did Nico feel the same way about Percy? That he didn't know... Man up! He thought to himself, Percy got up and grabbed his jacket. He didn't care if Nico felt the same way for him or not, although he was hoping Nico did, he needed to tell Nico that he liked him, more than a friend and he needed to tell him tonight. Percy jogged all the way to Nico's house and rang the doorbell to his apartment. The buzzer sounded out, letting him in and Percy ran up the stairs to the second floor. The door opened and there was Will standing in the doorway, his jacket on. "Oh," Will blinked in surprise, "Percy?" Percy worked his jaw, he hated seeing Will here, he had nothing against the guy, but he could not and would not let him take Nico away. "Percy?" Nico stepped out from behind. "Hey Will, hey Nico..." "What do you want?" Nico asked in an annoyed tone. "Well, I better get going, let me know how that pie tastes like okay? Bye Neeks," Will ruffled Nico's hair and bent down to kiss him on the cheek. Nico blushed momentarily and then, Will said goodbye to Percy and left. "What was he doing here?" "Why do you keep asking me questions that have nothing to do with you?" Nico glared over at Percy. Percy let himself in and let out a frustrated groan. "What do you want?" Nico asked again. Percy wasn't thinking in the moment, because if he was, he certainly would've done things a lot differently. He ran over to Nico, pinned him to wall and kissed him fiercely. Nico stood frozen in shock before he slowly tangled his hands in Percy's hair, kissing him back. Percy pulled away, pecking Nico's lips once more. "I don't how or- or when but, I- my feelings for you... I like you Nico, I really really like you." "A-are you joking? Are you playing some prank on me? Because if you are..." Nico's voice trembled as he looked away. "You- can't like me... guys like you don't fall for guys like me..." Percy grabbed Nico's chin and forced the brown eyed boy to look at him straight int the eyes, those sea green eyes of his pierced Nico on the spot. "I like you, I like you a lot, guys like me can fall for guys like you... anyway, you're perfect just the way you are Nico." Percy kissed Nico once more to prove his point. "What about Annabeth?" Nico asked once they broke apart. "We're done, we've been done months ago, just... holding on to something that died long ago..." "Percy... I- I have loved you- ever since I first saw you three years ago... my feelings for you are no joke, I can't have you doubting your feelings for me... that would hurt more than anything..." "Don't worry Nico, I'm not joking," Percy looked at Nico with a serious expression on his face, "I like you, so much, I want to be with you." "Okay..." "Okay, good." The next day, Will came to the bookstore and kissed an unsuspecting Nico on the cheek. "Hey Nico," Will smiled brightly at him. "Will... um, listen we need to talk..." Will furrowed his eyebrows, "okay?" They moved to sit down in a quiet section of the bookstore. Nico fiddled with his hands as he thought about what to say to Will. "So, um.. I don't know how to say this... especially since you've been so great and everything... but-" "Let me guess, you're dating Percy?" Will interrupted Nico. Nico snapped his head in Will's direction, shock evident on his face, "h-how did you know?" "I kinda figured it out..." Will shrugged, his mood had deflated and Nico felt bad, guilty. "I- I'm sorry..." "Don't be... I understand, maybe we can be friends?" "Sure, we can be friends," Nico nodded his head. They stood up and headed out. Once out in the open, Will and Nico stumbled upon Percy, a bouquet of flowers in his hands when he saw Will and Nico together. "Hey Percy, treat him right, Nico is... special... don't hurt him," Will said a bit sadly as he waved goodbye. "Thanks," Percy said before Will could leave. He looked back at Nico and smiled, "I got you flowers." "Thank you," Nico laughed softly. One night had changed both of their lives, their love was new but it would last a lifetime. And so, that is a wrap! I hope you liked it? Tell me what your thoughts are? Thanks for reading!