felt bad for her arch-nemesis, Athena's mind was already stratifying a scenario to work this newly discovered tragedy in all of their favours. Despite the warning glares Apollo, Hestia and Hermes were sending her way, Athena pushed forward. "It's okay, just tell us how did you come to the decision to leave him at the Lotus Casino?" She trained her voice to sound sympathetic and understanding. Her eyes widen in shock, not for the fact Poseidon bought her act - hook, line and sinker - but that he seemed glad she wasn't using her usual ploy in trying to make him feel guiltier. The Sea God took another heavy breath, "I carried him out of that place, while he to clung onto me for dear life. Even though he didn't know who I was. It was the middle of summer, but he shivered like he was cold inside. He must of witnessed all I could do... he watched his mother die at the hands of his stepfather and then the death of that bastard... And all he said was, was... 'thank you' ." Realising his brother was having trouble finishing the story, Hades continued. "That's when he came to me. I told Poseidon how I had hidden my children from Zeus, but now the great prophecy had come to light I was already preparing to send Alecto to rescue them. He asked, begged for my favour, so as my three children checked out, Poseidon's son was checked in." The God of Death narrowed his eyes in thought. "The home of the Lotus Eaters has caused countless to forget themselves and stay ensnared in that web of lies and deceit. Poseidon felt this the most painless solution to save his son from the trauma and hurt of what he witnessed that night. Now after almost five years, if he kept eating the Lotus flowers I doubt he even remembers his mother's face." Poseidon winced at the prospect. Nico just left everything sink in, because what in Hades? He thought he had it bad after his mother's death, but being dragged through Tartarus backwards would have be kinder than the fate his cousin had suffered. He wondered if maybe leaving him at the hotel would be a more compassionate solution. "But he can't remain there." Hermes said, "I understand now, if the Lotus Eaters wise up they might try to use Lord Poseidon's son against us. If he's as powerful as it sounds, being able to create storms so young from just his emotions, the sooner he's rescued the better." "I agree." Lady Hestia said as she crossed her legs, "there is no time to waste. The place he has been sent to stay has now become a treacherous prison. I suggest Hermes take the demigods back to Camp Half-Blood to prepare for their quest, and return the Cyclops back to Lord Poseidon's palace." Zeus nodded in agreement. "Hermes go now." The God of Messengers took no time in following his father's order, as he shifted into his mortal form. "Hang on kiddies, dad's orders." He winked at Thalia, who looked like she was about to slap the Olympian male, but reconsidered when realising he was her free ride out of here. "Let's just get this over with," she huffed dejectedly, but frowned as she saw Nico backed away. "I can make my own way back," he said fading away into the shadows. The darkness cascaded around his body, before disappearing completely in thin black smoke. Sometimes, Thalia couldn't help but think it would be cool being a child of Hades instead. Hermes shrugged, "Emo's made himself scarce, now it's your turn." Their departure was followed by the sound of fluttering wings, the other five were gone. The twelve God and Goddesses allowed their eyes to drift back to Zeus. Flicking her hair back, Athena carefully approached her calculated plan. "Father, I understand that as our King it has been down to you to make some difficult decisions in the past, even when we don't always understand how they will serve to benefit ourselves in the future. But I can't help but wonder if this could have all been avoided if the law had been different." Apollo, and Ares caught on, mischievous smiles plastering their faces. They quickly masked their expression as Hera raised her eyebrow towards them. "Now, I'm not saying we should completely abandon your law, father, just tweak it to some extent. Perhaps allow ourselves to visit our children more freely, but apply sanctions should we begin to lose sight of our duties. I can't help but feel complete isolation has been quite unhealthy in the long term. And now look what's become of the events brought about by this law. If I may be so bold, perhaps this is something to consider, father?" Athena finished hesitantly, wondering if today was the day, she finally stepped too far over the line. Yet, no yell followed her request, no thunder pounded or lightning cracked. Just silence. And really in this situation, that response felt ten times more terrifying. She wondered if Zeus had actually been listening to her careful crafted words, and then... "...Maybe I was too hasty," sighed the God of the Skies. "As my advisor Athena, I shall take your counsel. From now on, Gods are still not permitted to directly interfere with their children unless the situation may be of mortal consequence, but may visit their children regularly at camp if they wish, as long as this does not interrupt their responsibilities." Thunder clapped and lightning decorated the skies in silver branches. The joyous and excited faces, looked from one another in a mixture of happiness, surprise and delight. Things were about to get more exciting from now on. Aphrodite took her chance to lean closer to Poseidon. "So what's his name?" She asked curiously. "It's Perseus Jackson. But he'd probably want you to call him Percy." ... Review and let me know what you think :)