long distances easily. If that's not possible, possibly a way to fly or something, at least if Lord Zeus would allow me to." The gods turned to each other and began discussing with each other again. They came to a consensus and turned to talk to Percy again. "We have decided to grant you with wings and the permission to fly in my domain." Zeus told Percy, with strain in his voice at the end. "Thank you Lord Zeus!" Percy replied shocked. He didn't think he would actually receive anything, especially something like that. Zeus snapped his fingers and Percy felt something warm go through him. Eventually the warm feeling settled to two parts on his back. Suddenly, a sharp pain, like a knife being inserted into him slowly, shot through the two points on his back. Large, black wings emerged from him, tearing off his shirt yet again. "Hm, I meant for them to be white, but I suppose this works too." Zeus pondered. Percy gave them an experimental flap and he rose off the ground by about half a foot. When he regained his footing, he thought to himself 'What if I'm out in the mortal world? I can't exactly walk around with huge wings without drawing a few eyes, even with the mist obscuring them.' Zeus seemed to read his thoughts as he spoke, "Just concentrate on putting your wings away and they will retract into your back." Percy tried doing this and was successful. "Thank you again Lord Zeus. I never thought I would be able to enjoy flying in my entire life." Zeus simply smiled and nodded at Percy. "Now, unless someone else has a gift to present to Percy, I believe this meeting-" "Wait! I would like to make Percy my champion!" Hestia interjected. This was extremely surprising since Hestia was usually quiet and kept to herself and she had never had a champion before. Hestia turned to Percy and asked, "Percy, do you accept becoming my champion? You will be given powers over fire and some healing powers." Percy was at a loss for words. He just stared at Hestia with amazement on his face. "Uh… wow, um… of course Lady Hestia. Of course I'll become your champion." Hestia touched Percy's shoulder and another warm feeling passed through his body. His body glowed orange for a little bit before it died down. Percy felt stronger immediately. He looked up and the gods saw that his normal sea-green eyes now had soft flames that rippled through them. They looked calming, like a warm fire on a snowy day mixed with a calm beach on a warm day. He held out his hand and concentrated on making a fire, and a small, blue ball of flame burst into his palm. "Okay, this is extremely cool. Thank you so much Lady Hestia!" "No thanks is needed my champion, and just call me Hestia. You do not have to be formal with me." "If that's what you wish… Hestia." Percy replied with a small smile. "Alright, I believe this is the end of this meeting. Artemis, I want you to accompany Percy back to Camp Half-Blood. You can tell your hunters about the situation and Percy can tell his friends about his mission. If any of you hear anything new about this Tenebris Unum , report to me immediately. Council dismissed." Zeus concluded before flashing away in a burst of lightning. The other gods followed, with Hermes smiling at Percy, Ares scowling, Hephaestus nodding, Aphrodite winking, and the others ignoring Percy until only Percy, Artemis, Hestia, and Poseidon were left in the throne room. Poseidon walked over to Percy and hugged him before whispering in his ear, "Be safe Percy. I will leave you a few gifts to help you during your mission. Make sure you tell your mother before you go." "Don't worry Dad, I'll be fine," Percy replied reassuringly. Poseidon nodded and flashed away, leaving a scent of a sea breeze. Hestia approached him next. "There are a few more powers that I did not want the rest of the council to know about at the moment. One is that you can summon home cooked meals just by concentrating on what you want and clapping your hands. Also, you can control your fire and use it to teleport. To do this, just wave your hand in a circle while thinking about a certain location and walk through the portal that is created. It will take more of your energy depending on how far you travel. Try not to provoke the hunters too much and take care of yourself. I will see you soon, my champion." Percy nodded in reply before Hestia teleported away in a burst of flames. Finally Artemis approached him. "Don't think I am happy about this boy. While you are the male I respect the most, I would much rather have any number of girls as my guardian, or no guardian at all. We will discuss what your duties will be once we are at the Hunt's camp. Now let's go. I want to get through explaining all this to my hunters as fast as possible." She said coldly before grabbing his shoulder and flashing out of the throne room. (A/N) Okay so that's the end of the first chapter. I hope you liked it, even though I haven't really gotten into the main part of the story. As you can see, the main antagonist is unknown and has a generic name, and the reason behind that is... I honestly don't know who I want the enemy to be yet. As you can see, I am using a few clichés, but that's really just because I like those specific ideas. Feel free to review, but try to be constructive with them instead of just telling me to die in a hole because I suck as an author. Not that I can control what you say, though, so have fun. Thanks for reading!