pools just knocked the breath out of her. He gripped her waist tightly and flipped them over, so he was on top once more. He pushed his forehead against hers, willing her eyes to look unflinchingly into his. "Annabeth, that is so, unbelievably, not stupid. That is exactly the opposite of stupid." Annabeth's eyes widened slightly. "Seriously?" Percy couldn't help but give a breathless laugh. " Yeah , seriously, Wise Girl." Annabeth tilted her chin upwards and fitted her lips strongly into his. Percy reciprocated, pressing his mouth against hers and slowly slipping back into the heated pattern of earlier: his chest flush against hers, her jeans pushing the thin flannel of his pants, their lips and tongues slow and fast and hard and gentle, saying everything and nothing at the same time. It as Percy who reluctantly slowed to a stop, prying his fingers from their grip on her hips and letting them hold Annabeth's cheek, forcing their warm faces apart. Looking into his eyes in a dazed state of pure want, Annabeth spoke hoarsely, "But that was before I knew you." She smiled slightly. "And how much I really like kissing you." Percy gave her small, genuine laugh. "I like kissing you too, Annabeth." He gave her a look with a raised eyebrow, one that made them both laugh. Looking at her less seriously than before, he gave her a suggestive look, his usual humor returning. "Maybe we should get married, then." Annabeth knew he wasn't really serious, but her heart still jumped in her chest at the thought. She gave him a small whack on the arm, chuckling. "How do you know I'd say yes?" Percy gave her a hard look, grabbing her firmly by the hips and pressing close to her. A small flame erupted in Annabeth's abdomen at the feeling up him that close, especially there . He leaned in so near that their lips almost touched. "I frickin' fell into hell for you, Annabeth. You better say yes." Without giving her a chance to respond, he pressed his lips hard against hers, hearing her small gasp before she kissed him back, the tension building again between them. Annabeth wrapped her legs around his waist once more, pulling him closer to her. She thought, bizarrely, of marrying Percy. It was such a comical idea yet she couldn't get it out of her head. She had turned 18 a week ago, he would be 18 at the end of the summer. Definitely too young to get married. But too young for, well… sex? Not by today's standards, she thought with a sigh. She thought of this fact as they pressed themselves together, Percy's hands resting on the skin of her belly beneath her shirt. She let out a moan beneath his lips, her impatience getting the best of her. "Percyyyy," she whined, her voice a weak, hoarse whisper. "Just take the damn thing off, will you?" she said to him, exasperated, referring to her shirt that was, at the moment, annoying the hell out of her. Giving her a raised eyebrow, his fingers pulled the thin fabric up and off of her head and tossed it to the floor, holding her face in his hand, his eyes meeting hers. Her bare skin against his, Annabeth's head swam, her entire body tingling. She waited as Percy's eyes travelled over her almost bare chest, the look on his face all she needed. She felt his lips on the skin of her neck, hands on her hips, mouth meeting hers. Percy kissed her hard and pulled away, a glint in his green eyes. "You're beautiful, Annabeth," he told her, and she believed him, the way he looked at her. The way he kissed her, lips softly trailing down her neck and across her collarbone, she felt like she could melt into the sheets of Percy's bed. Annabeth's fingers fell to the waist of Percy's pajama pants, her thumb gently running against the sensitive skin above the elastic. She heard Percy's breath catch against her skin, she felt him shiver slightly against her. And when his own fingers went to the button of her jeans, gently tugging it open and pulling the zipper down slowly, her own breath stopped with a flutter. Her eyes met his, secretly pleading with him to keep going, secretly telling him it was okay. And it was, they realized. The way they knew each other, the way they felt about each other—the years and years between them, and everything else, told them both it would be okay. Aphrodite watched through the glass mirror of her room with a sigh, smiling to herself. Olympus's favourite heroes were finally having some time to themselves to, well.… Her secret grin was one of satisfaction. As the goddess of love, she had done her job well, just as she always did. Still, there was something different about this one. About Percy and Annabeth—they were, she would admit, one of her favourites, no matter what Athena thought about her daughter and Kelp Brain's spawn. Against all odds, those two demigods continue to surprise her, in the best way. At almost three in the morning at Camp Half-Blood, she watched as Annabeth crept from Percy's room, a dreamy, satisfied smile on her face and an undeniable bounce in her tired step. Aphrodite grinned. She remembered the first time she herself had made it to third base. Although baseball wasn't even a thing all those years ago. Through the glass she could see Percy, tugging his pants back on with a flushed face and small, happy smile. She could see him thinking about it, about her. Annabeth. Yep. They were definitely her favourites. And anyways, it was about damn time. She would wait patiently for whatever happened next between them, without meddling too much. She was fine letting their romance play out without her interventions—those two were bound to surprise her again soon in the future. She could already hear the bells.