his arm and leading him forward to Jason who was still standing back by the dumpster. I assumed he thought it would be best if I felt with him first rather then being bombarded with two different people asking him questions. I started dragging Leo away but he stopped and jerked on his arm causing me to stop and turn to look at him. "Back? You want me to got back there? After you all ignored me? I'm not going back there!" Leo shouted angrily but it sounded nasally from his nose being all stuffy. I looked back at him shocked. "But... you have to come back," I muttered just barely above a whisper. "And why should I? Huh? You guys don't care about me! You all ignore me all the time, everyone of you! I always tried to talk to you guys, always tried to hang out with you guys, but you never wanted to. You always claim that you're "too busy". The only time you ever talked to me was when you needed something done, when I had to fix something of yours. Other than that, I was nothing but paint on a wall, dirt on the ground. You ignored me. All the time. Why should I go back? So I can go back to being unloved? Unwanted? Used? There's nothing there for me. Nobody wants me around, you make it obvious. I mean, just look how long it took you to find me. A week! And how long did it take you to notice I was gone, huh? 5 days? 6? Probably something like that. You guys don't care about me so why the hell should I go back to that camp?" Leo yelled angrily at me. I was silent for a while. I didn't know what to say. Leo was right, we had all been pushing him off to the side, telling him we were too busy to hang out, only talking to him when we needed something. And it had taken us almost a week to even realize he ad left. He deserved friends way better than us. And we didn't deserve him at all. He was a good, honest friend who always stuck by your side and we took him for granted and I will always hate myself for it. I was wrong for what I did and I admitted that, but now I wanted him back. I needed him back. I need the jokester back into my life to brighten up my day and make me laugh. I needed my little brother to talk to and hang out with, to tall secrets and have deep conversations with. I needed Leo. "Leo, please. I need you. I know what I did was wrong. I should have never ignored you. I should have never taken you for granted. Leo, you are my best friend and I love you more than anything. I messed up bad before and I know it'll be hard to forgive and make it up to you but please let me try. I know you've been through a lot in your life and I know that you think you should run away again and that you shouldn't trust me anymore but please, I want to make it up.I want to know what you've been through I want to see it through your eyes so I fully understand the burdens you carry. I want to help you. You don't have to run away anymore. You can come back to Camp Half-Blood and we can all make a life, a proper life. One were you are loved because you are amazing and we should have never taken you for granted. please, Leo, let me in. I won't break you. I promise I won't let you down. Just open up to me. I want to understand you better and treat you right. Just come back to camp so we can help you get better. You're sick and you need medicine. We can heal you and then we can start all over. Please, Leo, forgive me. Give me a second chance. I won't let you down, I promise." I begged Leo with every ounce I had left in me. I spoke with my heart and let my feelings come out. I told him how I felt, I spoke nothing but the truth. I just wanted him back home with me where he belonged. I wanted him back in my life. I didn't want him to keep running away from every home, carrying a heavy load of sorrow and guilt everywhere he went. Leo stared at me for a while thinking it all through and trying to figure out wether or not to trust my words. I held my breathe as Watched him decide on wether or not he should go back to camp with us. After what seemed like forever Leo sighed. "Fine," he nodded slowly. "I'll come back with you but we have somethings to talk about. I can't keep living there if you guys cast me off to the side and treat me like the last option." I nodded. "I know, I know, Leo, and it's totally and completely our fault and I am so, so, so sorry and I promise you nothing like this will ever happen again. I was being dumb and blind and I didn't even notice that I was ignoring you but I'm going to change I promise." Leo nodded and sneezed. "Okay, I'll go back then." I wrapped my arms around him in a hug and squeezed him tight. I never wanted to let go. "Thank you so much, Leo. I love you and I'm sorry." Leo hugged me back. "I love you too, Pipes." I unraveled myself from around him and grabbed his hand and shot him a reassuring smile. I squeezed it tight and together we walked towards Jason and back towards the camp. I hoped he understood just how grateful I was for the second chance.