a long table, made out of three smaller ones, was set and a wide variety of chairs surrounded it. It looked like someone just went and bought different sets of chairs and mixed them all together. There were the chairs from the kitchen table, the ones from the dining room table, desk chairs, folding chairs and many more. Most of the others were already seated and were now back to staring at Will. Nico rolled his eyes and dragged him to one end of the table were a tall dark haired girl sat. Next to her was a small boy, who couldn't be older than two, and next to him was Sally. "Hi", Will said quietly and gave the girl a short wave. She studied him for a second before giving him a nod in return. Then she smiled at Nico and started complaining about Percy and his ridiculous dares. Will turned to the little boy and waved at him, too. He started giggling and babbled something Will couldn't understand. "That's Chuck", Nico explained to him, interrupting the girl in the middle of her sentence. Chuck nodded and started playing with his plastic plate. "I'm Reyna, daughter of Bellona and praetor of New Rome", the girl introduced herself. Will nodded and smiled but in truth he had no idea what that meant. New Rome was the demigod city, right? But what was a praetor? And which god was Bellona? He decided to ask someone later as not to make a fool out of himself right now. Nico and Reyna picked up their conversation and Will realized that she must be Nico's friend he talked about sometimes. "So, who are you?", a voice asked at the other side of Will. Confused and surprised he turned and came face to face with a Latino elf. That was honestly what he looked like. He was short, with curly hair and pointy ears and looked like he had too much sugar. "I'm Will and you are?" The elf boy looked a bit surprised but then grinned widely. "Well, I'm The Supersized McShizzle, the Awesome Leo Flamin' Valdez!", he yelled and the promptly burst into flames. Will screamed in shock and scrambled backwards, which resulted into him falling of the chair. Leo started giggling like crazy and, still engulfed in flames, leaned on the table for support. Will watched in horror as the fire spread and set the whole tablecloth on fire. The others started screaming, most of them yelling at Leo for being a dumbass, the rest at Percy to put out the flames. An ice cold stream of water shot from the other room, drenching the table, effectively putting out the flames and drenching Will completely. "Oops?", Leo said. "Gods dammit, Leo!", a pretty Native American girl yelled. Her very colourful eyes sparkled dangerously. "Stop setting yourself on fire every time you meet someone. You scared the living heck out of the poor boy", she scolded. All eyes turned back to Will, who was sitting on the floor, eyes wide open in horror and soaking wet. Suddenly the shock waved off and the cold hit him full force. "Cold, cold, cold", he started to mutter and shivered. "You need some new clothes", Nico stated. He looked worried. Will nodded and pushed himself off the floor. "Sorry", Leo muttered, but he still grinned so Will doubted he actually meant it. Nico led him out of the room and into Percy's room. He had never been in here before and was shocked at how blue it was. Nico grimaced. "He's eighteen, I swear" Then he went and pulled some clothes out of Percy's dresser and showed him where the bathroom was. "Can I use these?", Will asked. Nico nodded. "They are the only ones that will fit you and he made you all wet, so yes, you can use them" ~OoO~ After a hot shower and slipping into comfortable and dry clothes, Will entered Nico's room to find his boyfriend on Sally's laptop. "Why aren't you with the others?", Will asked and sat down next to him. He looked at the screen and found a terrified looking Harry Potter on it. Shortly, he wondered when Nico had started watching Harry Potter and if it had anything to do with Will complaining about Nico's lack of knowledge about pop culture. Nico sighed and closed the laptop. "Are you alright now?", he asked instead of answering his question. Will nodded and crossed his arms and glared at him. "I wanted to wait for you and seeing as you take ages in the shower...", Nico explained and motioned to his film. "They also started to trade war stories and I can really do without that", he added quietly. It awoke Will's curiosity about the war and he had to force himself not to ask about it. Instead he just said "okay". "You want to get back?" "There won't be anymore people on fire, right?", Will asked cautiously. He still wasn't over the fact that Leo was burning and seemed absolutely fine with that. "Hopefully not, but I can't guarantee for anything" "This is all so embarrassing", Will said after a short while. "I know meeting the family is never a pleasant experience, but this is awful" "That's perfectly normal. They do this stupid shit all the time", Nico explained. Will stared at him wide eyed. "Demigods are crazy" "Yes" Will flopped back on the bed and dramatically sighed. "I'm dating a crazy person!" "Yes" "And he doesn't even deny it!" Nico started laughing and Will couldn't help but join in. Nico's laughs were so contagious, maybe because he rarely laughed. "So, are you ready to go back and eat something", Nico asked later. Will nodded. He would survive this, even when they were demigods and did dangerous things for fun and he was just a 'mortal' who could easily die because of that. Okay, maybe meeting a bunch of highly skilled warriors wasn't that good of an idea.