pretty banged up." "Hold on, I'll go get the medical kit from the bathroom." "Wait, Silena!" "What?" "Leave the pizza with me, you know, just to make sure nobody like steals it. Nuff' said." I grudgingly left the pizza boxes with her and I left and got the medical kit. After a few band-aids and neo-sporn shit, 20 min had passed since she fell down the stairs and the pizza was delivered. I put 5 boxes in the oven turned off to keep them hot and I left one out because who doesn't like cold pizza? (Jason, how the fuck do you not like cold pizza? Oh shut up, you're butthurt. Well, actually Piper's butthurt...) DING DONG! "I'm coming..." I answered the door expecting a taco delivery guy or something stupid to find Bea, Alyssa, and Cameron. "EEEEEEEEH!" I squealed. "EEEEEEEEH!" Bea and Alyssa squealed. "Um, eeeeeeeh. Eeh." And lastly Cameron, who enthusiastically squealed. "GUYS GUYS GUYS GUYS- Come in!" I yelled, grabbing them by the shirts. I herded them all inside and shut the door. "We gotz PIZZER!" I said, balancing on one foot while holding the pizza box. "You're sure excited Silena." Cam observed. "Oh-I-uhhh..." I broke off blushing. "Hah, Silena..."He said smiling. Then he walked over to the pizza box and took a slice. After a few minutes, Austin showed up, and then Trevor came about 10 minutes later. Me, Jess, Bea, Alyssa, Trevor, Austin, and Cam were all gathered around the table eating pizza when I stood up on my chair, precariously balancing with my pizza in hand to make an announcement. "Everyone, your attention please, people, PEOPLE-" I paused to throw a piece of pizza on the ceiling to get everyone's attention, "Listen up everyone! Here's the schedule for tonight! - We eat pizza and goof off and be idiots! - Next we all set up our sleeping bags and crap, just cause'. - After that we will watch some movies, eat popcorn and snacks and stuff! - Then, THEN we play Truth or Dare! - Finally after ToD, well, we'll see what happens... I finished smiling devilishly. I was determined to throwing my virginity away in the trash by tonight... We managed to watch 3 movies before it was 10:39 PM. We watched The Blind Side, This is the End, and (I made sure I had this movie to perhaps, influence anything we did later) Friends with Benefits. After some crying, some laughing, and some whatevers we were done watching the movies. I laid the popcorn bowl down and we were are nestled in our sleeping bags. "Soooo guys, what did you think of the movies?" I asked. "It was sad!" "OMG, James Franco's beard is godly!" "That black kid was so hot!" "SEX!" "So I guess you guys liked the movies..." I muttered under my breath. "What were we going to do next?" Trevor asked. "Well," I started, "The almighty schedule of schedule-ness declares that we play ToD next!" A bunch of cheers erupted from them all and we started. "So who will go first?" I asked. "Ooh- ooh me!" Jess said, practically hopping off the ground. "Okay, but before you go, here are the rules- If you turn down a truth or a dare, you either have to take off a piece of clothing, kiss someone random, or... S. E. X." "Damn, that's pretty intense..." Austin said. "Try and tell me it would be fun if it wasn't." I reminded him. ( Yes Percy, I got the rules for the game we're playing now from the game back then. ) "Kk, WHATEVER, so Bea, truth or dare?" Jess eagerly asked. "I pick... Dare!" "Okay... I dare you to..." (Percy, what?) Out of Silena's story POV/ Travis's POV "Get down , everyone!" Percy hissed out of the corner of his mouth. "What, what's going on?" I whispered. "Chiron's coming around to make sure all the cabins are asleep!" He said. "Either get under the bunks or get out!" Some ran into the bathroom and others hid under the blankets. After those people hid the only place I could find was under a bunk bed. I rolled under there and waited. I turned and saw Katie hadn't found a place to hide, so she rolled on top of me and we were face to face. "... Hi." She said. "Come here often?" I stammered. "Oh god Travis, you're so corny..." She laughed. "Guys, Chiron's coming!" Percy whisper yelled. "We'll flirt later, let's shut our pie holes." She said. Tlop Tlop Tlop Tlop Tlop Tlop Tlop! We heard Chiron's galloping and we all braced ourselves. "Hello?" Chiron's muffled voice was heard from outside. None of us even breathed. We were all lying under the beds, waiting for him to move on. 2 minutes passed on, and we were all about to pass out when he heard him galloping away. "UGH, finally!" Percy yelled, rolling out from under the bed. Katie got off me and I crawled out from under the bed and stretched. "Man, that story was just getting good..." Annabeth said. "And there's so much more time for more dares and sex and stuff." Melissa added. We were all standing around the middle of the room, waiting for a decision to be made. "I, for one, think that we should continue ToD!" Katie commented. "Me too." I said. "So do we keep going?" Jason asked Percy. "I don't know... Do we? Author's note- OMFG This was soooooooooooooooooooooooo fun to make! It's taken at least 4 months and probably all my creative input and creativity and blood and sweat and life but I finally finished it! It was going to be longer, but I think that perhaps a SECOND one would be even better... :D Ehh? EHH? Whaddya think? Perhaps a second one? It would take a bit to make, but it'd be epic and even better! So please, PLEASE tell me what you thought and if you want another one! Thanks for reading, This-Story-Is-Gonna-be-AWESOME