rage I took to my true form that not even Gods could look at without going insane. I let the ground below me disappear into superheated rubble as I let loose my rage as I punched the ground multiple times and saw craters begin to form. I let monsters come at me and Turned to the Death Walkers and they walked towards me each of their steps breaking small craters as they all towered above me I pulled all my forms together and one together we all let out a scream of primal rage. I felt myself begin to grow to a whole new level of power as I let the being inside me take control on this planet and I just stepped back and watched as I shifted till I towered over the skyscraper sized monsters. I looked down on them with my eyes filled with hate as I finally let the monster inside me go loss I tore through the monster as my final aspect took control and I left it to its job of eradicating these Death Walkers. I let my power build up in a ball around me as I tried to describe what my last aspect looked like ,He had bright green skin and a large amount of wings flying from his back and I saw his face only once but it had a somewhat up tilted nose and chin along with holes instead of ears it was truly a terrifying sight as it curled into his hand and I felt power roll of of him in more waves and he laughed with the sound of insanity and turned to the Death Walkers and they now saw that the one who just killed thousands of them was now holding a maul the size of a small building. I left him as he swung the maul as I heard the granite collision from hundreds of miles away I still winced as it cut through his head like it was butter and went into several others. It let the maul fade into non existence as he let it fall from his hand and the Maul of Order and Chaos that only a son of the two could wield I let it fade back to Mount Othrys as it pushed under the sky and pushing it back to the sky ,I had taken it after I had slain Atlas and out his essence into my being. When I take it out it turns into one of my aspects because it can only be used for a minute before it burns the user. I let myself settle back into my body as he was pushed back down and I told the rest of my aspects that I would now keep him alone. They nodded and all warped out. I heard Artemis scream. I immediately teleported to her and what I saw made me angry beyond anything ,Artemis was chained to a wall with the Hunt in cages behind her all in various forms of disrobe as two cyclops felt up Artemis. I immediately ran to the Hunters and gave them all clothes from what I had and summoned more. I turned to see the Cyclops about to do something that would hurt a lot of people but most of all them as I moved towards them at the speed of light and slashed him from shoulder to knee. The other one I grabbed his neck and pulled him away from Artemis and slowly but surely broke every bone in his body. I looked back covered in black blood from him. I saw the shocked faces of the hunters as I pulled my scythe from my back and slowly started cutting into his eye. I laughed maniacally as I cut through his body and the scythe pulled the cyclopes' strength into me. I turned to the hunters and grinned my trademark smirk and laughed at their shocked faces. I helped Artemis to her feat and whispered into her ear "Are you okay". She looked close to tears and I slowly wrapped my arms around her back and let her cry into my shoulder. I wavered at the hunter's looks of surprise and mild anger. But steeled myself and sent a small push of air into them telling them to leave their spots near the cages and go back to camp. I sat down with a sigh as Artemis cried in my arms. "Arty ,hello, are you alright I need to know what happened just then". I saw a shudder run through her body as I set her down on the chair next to me. I smiled at her and she buried her head in her hands. I put my arm around her and made soothing noises under my breath so only she could hear it. I silently held her as she cried into me. I wondered why she was crying for so long as I then realized she still was only clothed in her undergarments. I snapped my fingers and the flow of time around us stopped and I pulled the clothes from fifteen minutes ago back to me and I flashed them onto her. She looked up at me and broke into tears again as she noticed what I had done for her. I smiled and picked her up bridal style and carried her into her tent as she still had her face buried into my shirt. I laid her down and realized she had fallen asleep while clenching onto my shirt. I smiled as I attempted to pull her off me but she only seemed to grasp harder onto me. I sighed and then realized I would have to lay down next to her for her to relax and let go of my shirt. I layed down next to her thinking of how long I am going to live once she finds out she slept on my chest. /span/p p dir="ltr" style="line-height: 1; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;" /p