to how they even considered his application, but he suspected his father might have had a hand in that. He climbed the stairs to his dorm and honestly wished he hadn't entered his room that day. A little scuffling later, he heard a come in and he entered to be greeted by a very red faced roommate with an equally red faced blonde girl. Adjusting her blouse, the girl ran out of the room, probably to go off to her own room. Percy smirked at his roommate. "Really Jake? Couldn't find any other place eh?" Jake's face was turning redder and redder in embarrassment, though Percy didn't understand how it could get any redder. "Shut up." The other guy half heartedly mumbled. Percy twirled Riptide in his hand (in pen form of course!). "Sooo...what about the classwork?" Jake rolled his eyes. "Dude, you really need to come to classes. Ms. May is seriously considering reporting you to the dean." Percy smirk dropped a little, before remembering Hermes. "Ah. Don't worry man. She wouldn't dare. Have fun explaining 'that' to Melinda anyway." The demigod walked out of the room, before going down the stairs, passing by Melinda, Jake's actual girlfriend. Up inside Percy's room, Jake cursed as he straightened out everything, trying to make it look like two people didn't have sex there. Two hours later, Percy waited at the Big Belly Burger for his Clark. They'd agreed to meet here and Clark had said something about bringing a Lois. Must be his girlfriend or something. A minute later, Clark entered the café, with a shorter brunette beside him. When he spotted Percy, he grinned and the two of them made their way to his table. Percy pointed to the two seats in front of him and they comfortably sat there, with the brunette lazily leaning back. She was short, Percy noted. Really short. Both Percy and Clark were at least a head taller than her. If they were dating, then Percy wondered how Clark could kiss her without picking her up. "So ... you must be Lois." The brunette raised an eyebrow. "So Clark told you about me huh?" Clark's face turned slightly pink. "Not like that!" Percy and Lois laughed at Clark who slowly turned redder by the second. Finally, a blonde waitress approached their table, not hiding her intent as she twerk-walked to the table, earning herself a glare from Lois. The waitress swayed her hips as she walked. "Hi, my name is Amber." She said, with a flirtatious smile. She looked at the two men. "Let me know if I can help you with anything," she looked at Percy and Clark "I mean anything at all." Rolling his eyes, Percy ordered the three of them a classic burger each. However, as a demigod, things were bound to go wrong for him. And of course they did. As the waitress left the table, she touched Clark's biceps in a gesture that Lois didn't like. Not. One. Bit. Percy now looked nervously at Lois, whose face was turning purple with rage. So, before the waitress got far, she was yanked by her ponytail and thrown to the ground by an angry brunette. An audible crunch sounded as Lois stomped on the woman's face. Yikes, Percy thought. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned indeed! Pretty soon, the entire café was staring at the three of them and suddenly Percy felt very uncomfortable. Oddly enough, he realised that Annabeth would have done the same. As soon as he thought that, he wished he didn't. He still hadn't gotten over her death completely and while it didn't hurt as much now, it still brought flashbacks of the war. Thankfully, this time that didn't happen. Before the scene could escalate, Percy grabbed a fifty dollar bill and put it on the table before dragging his newfound friends out of the place. When they'd gotten safely away, the two of them, Percy and Clark, burst into laughter. "HAHAHAHAHA! Did you see her face?! She was like 'AAAAHHH!'" Percy imitated the waitress in a really girly voice. Lois, however, was still a little red, although she was slightly embarrassed as well. She knew she went overboard doing that. After catching their breaths, Percy got an idea. "So guys? Movie?" The two of them looked at each other. Clark shrugged his shoulders. "Sure." During the movie, Percy couldn't help but notice Clark a little. He suspected that he might be a demigod but just didn't know it, but then immediately ruled that idea out. If Clark was a demigod, his powers should have manifested a long time ago and he definitely would be aware of it. His strength was clearly on par with Percy's, maybe even more. Percy thought he might be a meta-human. Yes. That's it. Clark has to be a meta-human. Maybe his power must be enhanced strength. And enhanced senses too. He noticed some odd things about Clark, like how he could hear things even Percy couldn't hear. His vision seemed to be impeccable, even though he seemed to wear glasses. He also noticed how Clark sat. Still as a rock. Not once in the entire movie did the guy move a muscle. No demigod or mortal could do that. Demigods have ADHD. Sitting like that is impossible. Secondly, Clark seemed to be highly aware of his surroundings, as if his senses continuously fed him information subconsciously. Little things like this wouldn't be normally recognised by mortals, but Percy wasn't just a mortal. He was a demigod, making his senses far better than a mortal's. Secondly, he was studying criminal justice. Not that he thought Clark was a criminal, but Percy was just really good at noticing the little things about people. He just knew one thing. Whatever Clark was, he definitely wasn't just a mortal. Shaking his head, Percy decided to watch the movie. Interstellar eh? Pretty damn good movie, even if Percy didn't understand half the shit in it.