daughter. . . . You have no idea how much you've helped me over the centuries. But right now, I feel like the happiest woman alive. Thank you." "Like I said, you deserve better," Nemesis said. "Many deserve much better, and many who have much better deserve worse, far worse. Being abused for millennia isn't right, and Erebos deserves to have the same punishment as he gave you. Or," the goddess of vengeance smiled one of her usual smiles, "He needs to have Artemis and her Hunt give him some lessons, particularly in jackalopes, or the other punishment." Nyx laughed softly. Nemesis then pulled her mother into a quick embrace, before getting up. The same slightly sadistic smile stayed, while her indigo eyes then changed back to the sharp grey and cruel black, to which the primordial goddess resisted the urge to shiver. Her expression became cold, and the goddess of balance, justice, and vengeance was back to her regular self. "I must be going now, Mother," even her voice had returned to the same cold tone, "Dictators to crush, genocides, executions, and trials to bring. I would wish you the best of luck, but there is no such thing, really." Nemesis laughed sharply. "Goodbye, Mother." And with a flash of dark red light, the goddess flashed away, no doubt about to do the things that she had said, leaving Nyx sitting on her couch, their short discussion ending rather abruptly. She blinked, before looking at one of the clocks on the wall, and smiling. A multitude of emotions were going through her at the moment, all of them what people would call 'happy' feelings. It didn't really matter to her, though, what the feelings were, just as long as they were good ones. Letting out a sigh, she got up off the couch. Two months. She had fallen in love after one. It was something completely foreign to her, because Nemesis was right. She had never loved Erebos, never. It had only made sense for them to be husband and wife, because he was darkness and she was night, two of the things in the world that supposedly went well together. Yet, where she was gentle, the primordial god had been harsh. Where she was kind, he was cruel. They didn't really go well together hardly at all, and they never would. So, no matter how much he may try in the future to get her 'back', her ex-husband could never compare to Salus, nor would she want him to. Because nobody could compare to the one that she loved, nobody. She bit her lip, noting the fact that that sounded kind of selfish or arrogant, or at least to her. Nobody could compare, though. He was the love of her life, the only romantic love she had ever experienced. Nyx just didn't want their time together to end, like other godly-mortal relationships had had with her nieces and nephews. No, she knew it would eventually either have to come to an end, at least only for a while, or he would accept right away. That tore her a little bit. Yet, something in the back of her mind was telling her that she was forgetting something, but what? What could it possibly be that she was forgetting? It must be the nerves, she decided. Because she wasn't forgetting anything. Finally, she shook herself out of her ponderings and looked at her dress, and frowned. It wouldn't do. Stars looking as if they were almost literally sewn onto a dress? That would be unnerving to any mortal, clear-sighted or not. And if it wasn't unnerving, they would probably stare at it for a while. With a snap of her fingers, Nyx suddenly wore a completely different outfit. What mortals call a black 'tunic top', with silver cutoffs, not too short nor too long, and finally black sneakers and matching socks; overall, she thought that the outfit was pretty modern. Though, in her opinion, dresses were so much easier. Because really, you could make a design that didn't look too modern nor too 'old-fashioned' or ancient. With outfits like what people wore today. . . . That didn't really happen. And in all honesty, Nyx dreaded what was going to come, as there wasn't a doubt that there would be some drastic changes in mortal fashion in the next decades. Though, it wouldn't be as some of the fashion that had happened in history, but she wouldn't name any, as there were quite a few, and it might include this one soon, but she doubted it. It was better than wearing corsets, because no matter how much she loved to wear those dresses, the corsets were a bitch. And with that, Nyx flashed out of her South Pole mansion, being enveloped in a midnight black light, and going off to see a certain mortal at Montauk. A/N: And done! Wow. . . . A little bit shorter then I intended it to be, but go figure. Anyways, what do you guys think? The prologue's kind of boring in my opinion, but it wasn't about Percy. Things will get more action-packed when I introduce 'the gang'. Much more interesting. Another thing is that Nyx is very OOC compared to the canon version, meh. I'm a night owl, and if I had a godly parent and I got to choose who it would be, my first choice would be Nyx. Night owl alert! As for Nemesis' reaction, tried to make her as canon as possible, didn't exactly go as planned. Her mother needed support, and with this balance in her life, who could deny that it would be good for the goddess of balance to show the support that Nyx needed? So then, I shall be on my merry way. Ya know, places to go to, things to write (on my other stories, try to get my muse to come up with ideas for them), and whatnot. See you all next chapter!