an unclenched my fists, fighting to keep the anger that never failed to come alive when I saw Ares in check. For a kid who had anger issues before he met the war god, that was really hard to do. Unfortunately, Sam didn't know any better. "You just broke the entire freaking house!" she exaggerated. The back was still intact. "And now you come in here all superior and expect us to treat you like some sort of g - Did you say your name was Lord Ares?" Ares snorted and jerked a thumb at Sam. "Slow one, here, ain't she? Whatever. You're the one I need to talk to." Because my way around the couch was block by a mercenary's corpse and a god's motorcycle, I leapt over the couch and bounced off the cushion to Sam's side, clutching her next to me protectively. "You can speak your piece and leave, Ares. Thanks for helping us out, but we both now he was just blocking your entrance." Ares propped himself on his bike and continued chewing obnoxiously on his gum. "Fine. Your dad wants your banished ass to hightail it to Olympus before the fifth or he's revoking your underwater privileges." "We are talking about the same Poseidon, right?" Ares started, settling on me with his fiery eyes. "Okay, you're getting better at calling my bluffs. Much better than when you were twelve." "Oh!" I cried. "That reminds me. Has that ankle healed yet?" "Long since," Ares said through gritted teeth. "Look, punk, I haven't got time for your mouthy antics, and . . . What are you doing?" I'd shrunk Riptide back into pen form and now twirled it between my fingers, lifting the left corner of my mouth so to accentuate the jagged deformity ranging from my left eye to the corner of my mouth. Gratification surged through me when I saw the god of war pale ever so slightly at my display. Sam looked smug beside me. I shrugged, tucking the pen in my pocket. "Nothing, Ares. Just hanging on your every word. Now, cut to the chase so Sam and I can get out of here before the cops come." Ares chuckled. "You've had your share of run-ins with the authorities, haven't you?" I set my jaw and managed, "Yes. Now on with it." "Your dad needs to talk to you about something that only concerns you, and it requires your ass on Olympus. Pronto." "I thought it was 'ASAP' in the army." "It's whatever I damn well want it to be! I'm the god of war!" My face broke into a grin as Ares fumed at being thwarted. "Thanks for the heads-up, Ares. Tell Poseidon I'll be there before the fifth. Now get out." Ares looked at me with such concentrated loathing I half-thought it was going to leap out of his sockets, take form and try to kill me. Don't laugh. Stranger stuff has happened. Finally, the god of war climbed back on his bike and kick-started it. With a few dramatic revs, he turned it, saying, "You might want to scram, punk. The cops are coming full-force." And with that, he took off into the wall, bursting through before disappearing. Ares could have saved the further demolition and just poofed out like they all do, but being the god of conquest and carnage, he probably couldn't resist. The all-too-familiar sound of sirens reached my ears and I grabbed Sam's arm, jerking my head toward the back. We scampered over the damaged furniture and sprinted out the back door, slinking away into darkness as authorities swarmed the house, megaphones blaring for us to come out unharmed and cooperative, and they wouldn't shoot. "What was that about?" Sam hissed as we hid in the shadows of a child's playground while black-and-white cars raced past, suits canvassing the area. "I don't know," I confessed. "But as a general rule of thumb, when the god of war drops by, it's never just for hello." This is the first chapter of the revamped and overhauled version of A Forgotten Fear. I will be starting a fresh story with the exact same plot as the original. However, there will be notable alterations to the plot-line, and veteran readers are advised to browse each chapter to pick up on new evolutions to plot. I apologize for the horrible inconvenience, especially with the first draft so close to completion. Blame it on my state of mind at the moment, if you must: I am currently rewriting my original novel for most of the same reasons I am doing this. Namely: Several revelations were sloppy and ill-executed, my narrative was showing gradual degradation, and there was a sickening amount of TELL in the first few chapters of this. My attempts at integrating past events into the flow of the narrative were rather unsuccessful, I will confess, but I cannot find a bitter way of doing this. I will try my hardest to make these updates prompt, especially as many of you are hanging on the last published chapter of the original draft. I suspect, by the time I reach that point again, you will have mostly forgotten it, and I apologize. But my perfectionist spirit cannot, in good conscience, allow such nonrepresentational garbage appear in my name without editing it. And, as a side note: Any Community on this site who sees fit to include my work on their scores of stories is requested (more like ordered) to confer with me before including my work on their list of stories. I discovered, quite by accident as I fetched this chapter from the original work, that three Communities had used my work for their own means. Although significantly better than having some moron with a computer find my story and make a spin-off or some other atrocity as I've seen happen to so many wonderful stories on here, I take offense to having anything of mine converted or commercialized without my consent.