seeing red and had been seeing red for days now. Thalia shook her head. "No." she told him. "Come on, Thalia. Just think how gratifying it would be to know we took on a sphinx!" Luke coaxed. "No, Luke," Thalia whispered, careful not to attracted the sphinx's attention. "It's too dangerous! We don't have the weapons or the training. A sphinx is a powerful monster that could kill you in one blow. I'm not going to run into a losing battle and neither are you. You're smarter than that. I know you are." "It's not a losing battle. You haven't even tried." Luke pressed. Thalia shook her head slowly, thinking about this. "I don't know, Luke…" she trailed off her eyes straying to the sphinx, which thankfully still hadn't noticed them. "You're either with me or against me, Thalia." he finally decided, giving her no choice but to go into battle with him. She sure as Hades wasn't going to let him go in alone. If they were going to go down, then they'd go down together. It was all a blur in Thalia's mind. She remembers charging with Luke. They were a great tag-team, striking and dodging out while the other did the same, from all sides so that the sphinx couldn't land a hit. But they were tiring quickly and the sphinx had just been angered and was roaring so loud car alarms went off outside of the small forest Luke had spotted the sphinx. She remembers getting hit with a paw, thinking that this was officially the end to her journey. This was the end to everything she'd worked for by running away. Luke jumped in front of her, his sword at the ready as the sphinx roared and lifted onto its hind legs, going to pounce, its two-foot-long claws unsheathed and ready to shred. A cry of "No!" escaped Thalia's lips as the mighty sphinx started her decent. Then it was like a dream. The sound of a hunting horn pierced the air, drowning out the sphinx's bellows and stopping it in mid-air. Its human face twisted into a mask of hatred and fear at the same time. Thalia's mouth fell open as the sphinx started to retreat. "Get away! Get away you nasty girls!" the sphinx cried, backing up more, looking beyond Luke and Thalia, behind them into the dark of the woods. Thalia stood and turned to look too but couldn't see anything. "Are you all right?" Luke murmured in her ear, his warm breath dancing across her neck and face. Thalia, slightly dazed, nodded, wordlessly. Behind the sphinx reared back again just as a silver arrow whistled past Thalia's head, leaving a streak of moonlight in its path, and shot right through the sphinx almost inaudibly. From the gloom floated a voice, "Permission to kill, my lady?" The voice had an edge to it, an accent, but it was hard to place. Thalia had never heard an accent like that before. Neither had Luke. The two demigods exchanged a glance, making sure they'd both heard it. Because who really wanted to go insane by themselves, right? "Zoë, permission granted." another voice answered. "Fire!" the first voice ordered. "Duck!" Luke shouted. They hit the ground just as more silver arrows came whizzing over their heads. The sphinx barely had time to growl she was already disappearing, whimpering something about grading papers by hand for eternity. Then again, Thalia was having a long night; she could've been hearing things. After another moment of silence, Luke pushed himself to his feet and held out a hand for her. She had just stood up when the mysterious voices materialized into something solid and human. They were all girls, about a dozen or so of them. The youngest was probably ten, while the oldest was probably fourteen; Thalia's age. They all wore silvery ski parkas and jeans, armed with bows which were at the ready just in case, Thalia supposed. They all had determined expressions. Two girls stepped ahead of the rest of the pack. One was older. She was tall and walked with grace, even with all uneven terrain here. Her skin was an interesting copper color, and unlike the other girls a silver circlet was braided into the top of her long, dark hair. Thalia had to admit, this girl was gorgeous. Without really knowing it, she wondered what she looked like to them. Dirt smudges covering her face, her hair—which had grown out by now; just a little past her shoulders—messy and tangled, leave ridden, her clothes ripped and wrinkled. The second girl was maybe a year or two younger than Thalia. She had auburn hair that was pulled back into a ponytail. Her eyes glowed a grayish, silvery-ish color, like the full moon. Her expression was authoritative and almost scary. Thalia rubbed her eyes and blinked hard, making sure this wasn't some kind of dream. Nope, they were there all right. Still, it was really late, and they were both really tired. There was still a possibility it was some hallucination…. "Two half-bloods, my lady." the eldest of the two announced. The auburn-haired girl examined them with cold eyes. So cold, Thalia thought, that she was freezing them with her gaze alone. "Yes," she finally said, her eyes narrowing. "Not of Chiron's camp, though." This only made Thalia's head reel even more. Who was Chiron? What was this camp she spoke of? "Wait, wait," Thalia finally managed to say, her head hurting. "It's too late for this. And I'm really tired. Who are you people?" The two girls exchanged a look before the auburn-haired girl nodded, like she was approving of something. The older of them then stepped forward. "Zoë Nightshade, lieutenant of the Hunters." she said. Then the auburn-haired girl stepped forward, her eyes burning bright, but not as cold as before, as she looked at Thalia. "I am Artemis," she said. "Goddess of the Hunt." .happiness. ~ See you at Camp Half-Blood!