they were or because I was losing so much blood, my life slowly ebbing away as it did so. They reminded me of winter, of crystal clear ice that's been frozen over a mineral blue lake. "You have beautiful eyes," I remember myself saying before promptly passing out. Luke suddenly gave my knee a reassuring squeeze—breaking me out of my memory—followed by a reassuring smile before standing up and making his way from my bunk and over to the newcomer. "Now, now campers," he said loudly, knowing how annoyed and tired they felt to have even less space in this already crowded cabin. "That's what we're here for. Welcome, Percy." Ah, so that was his name. "You can have that spot on the floor, right over there." I looked over my shoulder and sure enough, there was the empty spot I'd noticed earlier. I then looked over at Luke. He was nineteen years old. He was a tall, muscular guy with, as I said, wintery blue eyes and short-cropped sandy hair. He always had a smile for everyone, though I'd noticed after spending about a year with him (and after), it was very forced. He was a good actor, because no one else had seemed to notice, if they had, no one ever said anything. But I had and since then, made it my goal to make him genuinely smile. From our first meeting to now, I'd managed it a few dozen times or so, and counting. After that whole encounter with the hellhound and almost dying, it was in the infirmary, where he came to visit and apologize for not getting there sooner, did we finally actually exchange names. I was good with a bow, but I had also wanted to learn swordsmanship, and Luke had already become an assistant teacher in those classes. I realized, later, when sparing with him, that it was because he was good. He was much better than I, for some obvious reasons and some not so, and it intrigued me. When he fought, he got a very determined, very concentrated look on his face. His technique was that of someone who'd been doing this before. It made me wonder what had happened before he came here. He was a very mysterious character when I'd first met and got to know him. Now I knew him like the back of my hand. My eyes slid over to Percy (a much younger, tanned boy with jet black hair and odd sea-green eyes) for a moment, just in time to see an unsettled look cross his face. At a guess it was probably due to Luke's scar. A scar that started just below his right eye and went all the down to his jaw, received from a dragon. It had taken a long time for me to get him to genuinely smile after that incident. We had both arrived at Camp Half-Blood only a few weeks apart, so I'd known him before and after the scar. We were also both year-rounders. As was Annabeth. "This is Luke," Annabeth introduced. My eyes strayed to her. She was blushing. I turned my head back to the spot on the floor, smiling and rolling my eyes. A lot of girls blushed when Luke was around. The Aphrodite girls (and some boys) wouldn't shut up about him. We had shared intimate moments, exchanged secrets and confessed our deepest, darkest thoughts. We both had scars from our past, physical and mental and we'd grown close over the six years together. But, right now, we were just best friends. I wasn't sure if he wanted to make it something more and I wasn't even sure if I wanted to, either, so right now it was locked off in a room in the far recesses of my mind. I had more important things to be thinking about. "He's your counselor for now," Annabeth finished, her voice harder than before. I suspected it was because Percy had looked at her. No doubt he'd noticed the change in her voice, too. He may have been young from a glance, but he wasn't that oblivious. Especially when Annabeth didn't exactly make her crush a secret. I'd bet you ten gold drachmas the whole camp knew. "For now?" Percy asked. "You're undetermined," Luke explained in a carefully crafted, practiced patient voice. "They don't know what cabin to put you in, so you're here." I unconsciously started mouthing along as Luke continued his little speech, having heard it so many time before. "Cabin eleven takes all newcomers, all visitors. Naturally, we would. Hermes, our patron, is the god of travelers." There was a long pause before Percy spoke. "How long will I be here?" he asked. "Good question," Luke replied as I scoffed under my breath. "Until you're determined." "How long will that take?" The cabin broke out into laughter this time. And I was late for my archery class. Original story idea was formed from "Lost in Your Own Life" by Alexa Vega. The title and part of the summary is from the song "So They Say" from Dr. Horrible. I thought I'd stick with this "story and life" theme I had going on. If you don't know Dr. Horrible and go listen to the song, it won't make too much sense, and it'll also sound really upbeat and happy, don't be fooled, though, because I find it has some very sad undertones. Which is also why I named this story after one of the song's lyrics. Also, I now have a section on my profile page for in-progress story updates. If I miss a day (if I ever get on a schedule) or if I'm taking too long, you can go check that section out. It will be clearly labeled and so will the section for this story in particular. Well, it's good to be back in the saddle. I haven't posted anything in so long, I forgot my sign off! Thank you for reading, TheBrightestNight