that he'd keep quiet about the present conversation he was having with the goddess of the hearth. "Do you think this idea of mine will work then?" He asked her, hopeful that she would agree to it. "Considering the circumstances and the innate rivalries that every demigod seems to inherit, I do not know if it will, Percy." Ouch, that was blunt of her but she had a point. "I do agree to it however." Oh thank the gods . "It will help fix one of the problems at camp and perhaps mend some burned bridges if it's successful. Are you sure that you want to do this though?" Ping! Oh what now? The raven-haired boy thought as he looked at the new popup in front of him. A grand quest has been created! A Demigod's Initiative: A home for the Unclaimed You have noticed the space problems that the Hermes cabin has and surmised that it will continue to happen until something is done. Fortunately, you have an idea. The question however, will you be able to make it into a reality? Objectives: Tell Chiron, Mr. D, and all the other demigods about your idea. Have your idea approved by the above. Get a design for the place ready. Get construction started and finished in a year. Bonus Objectives: ? ? ? ? Completion Rewards: Your standing with all the campers and camp staff will be increased. The Unclaimed will now have a home and the Hermes Cabin gets some much needed space, making it easier for you to gain favors with them. You will receive a gift from? +100 000 EXP Bonus Rewards: ? ? ? Failure: The space problem won't be solved and everything 'stays' as it is. ? ? ? Accept the grand quest? | YES | NO | "I will Lady Hestia." He told her as he once again pretended to stretch so as to press the yes button on the prompt. "I promise that." Failure isn't an option when there are some unknowns. Hestia smiled– no, beamed at him as she stood up before flames covered her form, which upon dissipating, showing an older form that was about a young adult and that her clothing had become larger to reflect the growth. In her hands was no longer the poker she used to tend to the fire but a staff that was just about 6 feet tall and seemed to be made out of bronze that had a faint golden glow. The staff was wrapped in leather while the exposed metal ends were about a foot in length each. "I see that you will do many great things for our family Percy Jackson." She then held the staff out for him, prompting the twelve year old to look at her in shock. "I do not like to fight Percy Jackson however; I do believe that this would help you protect yourself on the path you walk on. Use it wisely." Awed, he stood up and took ahold of the staff from her. Upon doing so, the staff shrank and changed form until it became a bronze click pen. She smiled at him one final time before disappearing in a burst of embers, leaving him alone near the fire pit. Smiling, he whispered, "Thank you Lady Hestia" when he read the description of the new popup that just appeared. Κηδεμόνας Kidemónas (Guardian) is a magical staff made from Celestial Bronze that was once used by Hestia to defend herself during the 11 year long Titanomachy. Its current base form is that of a staff while its current dormant form is that of a click pen. It was usually used by Hestia to make and tend fires. Durability Rank: God Special Skill: Ignite Gather mana to the staff and strike with its end(s), causing a non-lethal burst of fire to erupt from it. It is great to use for starting a fire for a variety of uses. Looks like I've got a weapon now. He thought as he swiped away the holographic scroll and the various sounds of the night were caught by his ears. He then looked around himself once more, seeing that Argus was no longer there and the harpies were nowhere in sight, Percy then whispered the two words he'd been waiting to say all day long. The two words that may help him make sense of all the changes that Haki did to his life. "System Assist." Upon saying those words, an orb of baby blue light just about his size appeared in front of him. A silhouette of a humanoid then appeared within the orb before dispersing into motes of light, revealing a holographic female about his age. In fact, she looked very much like him if Percy was born a girl, only that she was wearing a chiton and sandals. She then opened her mouth and began to speak in a voice that the son of Poseidon thought he would have had if he was a girl except that it was in monotone. [I am the System Assist AI of Gamer System G1, designated as HUM1L1T4S. Hello Percy Jackson, would you like to start the Tutorial?] Welp, looks like the game has really begun. The demigod thought, not knowing that he was going to get a whole lot more than what he never bargained for. Author's Note: And that's a wrap everybody. I would have made this a bit longer and cover the tutorial in one go but I decided to cut it and make it the next chapter. I hope you like this brand new version, well, what little that you've come to see for now anyway. Be sure to let me know what you all think, I am prepared to answer them. Till next time! The Undying Will. P. S. The only chapter uploaded is the new version of chapter 1, chapter 2 is not yet ready. I apologize if it seemed that way in your email alerts.