is John Smith and Piper is Pocahontas because of course they're going to do a couple's costume. They are together after all. Leo is the Human Torch because he apparently wants to be literal Hot Stuff as well as figurative Hot Stuff. He spends half the time flirting with Amazon Queen Reyna, who actually manages to maintain an impassive and only slightly irritated expression throughout. Hazel is an angel on the suggestion of her brother Nico (who is Hades) because she saved him and she is so, so good. Frank, who is Houyi, an archer from an Ancient Chinese legend, agrees wholeheartedly with that sentiment. He also thinks that Hazel looks really, really beautiful (not that she isn't normally)- the white dress makes her skin look like cocoa. Their mothers are exchanging high-fives because they totally called it first. 2014 This year, it's the Seven (apparently that's what people call them) and Nico and Reyna (who have become really close friends somehow) who all go trick-or-treating together. Percy is Aquaman and Annabeth a sailor so that they're both kind of nautical/sea themed. (Piper privately thinks that it's also so that Annabeth has an excuse to wear blue, because that's Percy's favourite colour, but of course the blond will never admit it.) Jason and Piper are Romeo and Juliet because it's her mother's favourite love story, and for some reason, Jason is a little terrified of her mother, who is a ridiculous romantic, and a little obsessed with being sufficiently romantic for Piper. (Piper thinks it's really cute, so she goes along with it.) Leo is Gimli and Frank is Legolas because they managed to sort of bully/goad each other into it a few months back when they were competing over Hazel, just after Frank and Hazel started going out. (They're good now, since Leo's nowhere near cruel enough to actually come between two of his friends. It's not as if he ever stood a chance anyway- even when Hazel was three she only had eyes for Frank. Anyway, Leo's not infatuated with her anymore; not since he met that really hot but really infuriating girl, Calypso, who won't take any of his shit. They'd be together by now if not for her stupidly over-protective parents who barely let her out of their yard and certainly won't let her date. Still, she'd kissed him anyway, before they'd chased him off. He's going to get her and rescue her from them. He swears.) Hazel is an Elf to match Frank, and she can't stop laughing because her boyfriend looks ridiculous in a long blond wig, and he's got the completely wrong body shape to be Legolas, but she kisses him on the cheek in apology. Reyna, as a far less sexualised Xena the Warrior Princess, keeps shooting Nico concerned looks. The boy dressed as the Grim Reaper (he has a weird thing with death) keeps glancing at Percy and Annabeth with immense pain in his eyes. Everyone thinks that's because he has a crush on Annabeth. Only Jason and Reyna know the truth. (He can't bring himself to tell Hazel just yet.) The mothers are delighted, because three out of three! 2015 This is going to be the last year that they all go trick-or-treating together, because next year, Percy and Annabeth are off to college and they won't be home for Halloween, so they're all determined to make the most of it. This year, they're joined by Will Solace, a 'friend' of Nico's (though everyone's pretty sure he's something more since Nico came out to them a few months back), and Calpyso, Leo's girlfriend. Percy, of course, is Aquaman, while Annabeth (after much pleading from Percy) is Mera. Jason and Piper are actually Phoebus and Esmeralda this time, which has resulted in a lot of reminiscing about the last time they were sort-of the couple. Hazel is a princess, while Frank is a frog. Leo teases him continuously about being whipped, but as he's actually washed, combed and styled his hair neatly because Calypso asked, the Chinese-Canadian has a perfect comeback. Calypso and Leo are an Ancient Greek couple because Calypso, like Annabeth, has a bit of a thing for Ancient Greece. This is her first Halloween, which Leo thinks is simply unacceptable (she's missed out on so much because of her ridiculous parents) and he's doing everything he can to make up for lost time for her. Reyna is an FBI Agent, while Nico is a zombie and his 'friend' Will is a doctor. (They insist that their costumes all fit a theme, but everyone's just confused as to how.) The mothers are so, so happy, because it seems like everything's worked out for their kids. Beyond 2015 Their Halloween tradition still continues, though, despite the fact that they're soon flung all over the USA attending different colleges. They don't usually manage to get together, not the whole gang at least, but every year, they all make a point to dress up for Halloween and send around the pictures. They make a point to stay in touch and stay best friends, or, as they think of it, family. But somehow (maybe it's fate), they eventually all end up living close enough to one another that they can get together for Halloween. They're all there to watch Leo propose to Calypso. They're all there (well, except for Hazel, who is 8 months pregnant and Frank who refuses to leave her side because of said pregnancy) to watch Percy and Annabeth and Jason and Piper's three-year-olds go trick-or-treating for the very first time. They're all there to see Nico and Will get married. (Halloween is an odd day to get married, but they were never really conventional to begin with.) They're all there to try and set up Reyna with a different guy every single year, despite the fact that she's perfectly happy single. (She's not lonely, not when she has such great friends.) They're all together. (And not just for Halloween.)