as a win. "She gave me this address, you see, told me to meet her there tonight you see, and I know I'm a bit late, but the traffic was pretty bad, and I'd really appreciate if you could, you know tell her I'm here?" He shows her a piece of paper with the hotel's address on it, grateful now more than ever that he had to write it for his taxi driver who couldn't understand his accent. She finally softens at his words and relaxes, moving toward the register, clearly buying into his story at least a little. "Does this mysterious girl happen to have left you a name too, or a room number?" She inquires with an almost taunting smirk. "Well, she told me her name was Ally, but I do happen to have a picture of her," he shots back with a wink, unfolding and then smoothing said picture on the desk in front of her. Her eyes lit up in recognition at both the name and the picture, but he knows better than to take it as confirmation that Ally is indeed her name. "Unfortunately, Miss Ally has already left. I'm afraid you've just missed her. I guess you must have made quite an impression," she adds, almost pityingly. Wait, what? How could she have left? The traffic cameras had clearly shown that she had entered this hotel and hadn't left it – he had been checking them on his phone the entire time he had been in the car getting there, and no one had exited the building since he had entered it. It doesn't make sense – Alice has to be lying. Only she doesn't look like it. She seems to believe his story, and while she doesn't exactly appear to feel sorry for him, she also doesn't present any of the usual signs of lying he's been trained to notice. "I…" Percy starts, at a loss. "Maybe she left me a note?" "Don't get your hopes up, but I'll check. Stay here." She goes to a back room, and return a few minutes later, a white note held in her hands. She looks pleasantly surprised as she hands it to him. "Well, I guess you did make something of an impression then." Percy smiles but doesn't reply otherwise, focusing his attention on the note. It clearly came from this hotel – its name is written on the top of the page, which appears to have been ripped from a small notebook of some kind – and it's not signed. Not exactly. That's alright. He doesn't need a signature, as nice as it would have been. Not when the only words she wrote are 'Better luck next time' above a pencil drawing of the Eiffel Tower. "Will that be all?" Alice's voice draws him out of his thoughts, and from her tone Percy can gather that this is not the first time she asks this of him. He's strongly inclined to say yes, go back to his hotel and look for what he's missed, but something holds him back… "Actually, yes. Could you please point me to your restroom?" The woman sighs, but five minutes later another employee, this one named Roger, escorts him further inside the building. "I won't be long," Percy promises with a wink as he ducks inside. Fortunately, the room has a window large enough for him to wiggle through, and soon enough Percy uses the key he lifted from Roger's pockets to open the door to what must have been Ally's room. The place is indeed empty, and looks to have been swept clean, probably by the woman herself rather than by any employee of the hotel – Percy doubts he's ever seen a hotel room this clean before outside of magazines. He doesn't exactly know what's he's looking for – another note maybe, a sign, some piece of evidence left behind. Something. Anything. He's fast but efficient, leaving no place unchecked, but he's on a timer – no way Roger will believe he needs more than a dozen minutes alone in the restroom – and he can't be found here. He feels oddly relieved at finding nothing, and attributes it to the lure of the game – he actually was starting and would hate for it to end so soon – but he is mostly disappointed. Finding some clue would have been helpful. He gets back to Roger with barely a few seconds to spare. The man knocks on the door just as Percy closes the window, and opens it to find the spy washing his hands with a sheepish smile. "Sorry, didn't notice the time." Roger grunts and escorts him back outside, and then Percy is on his way back to his own hotel. He opts to walk back, since he's no longer in such a hurry. The weather's rather nice, he'll be gone tomorrow, and he has no doubt his thief has already left the country. There's not much else he can do from here, except fill in his mission report, and he's in no hurry to do that. His phone pings in his pocket when he's about halfway there, and when Percy pulls it out and opens the message he's been sent he finds his mystery woman's face staring back at him from an Interpol Wanted poster. It figures. Apparently Annabeth Chase (Percy is only remotely happy to find that he was right to believe her name wasn't Ally), age 27, is an international thief and art dealer. The file doesn't have much else on her, and Percy is not surprised. He may not have spent a lot of time with her, but he can tell she's a professional. Honestly, he thinks she'd have made a good agent. He's still clutching her note when he gets back in his hotel room. ' Better luck next time', hn , he muses. Bring it on . He falls asleep with a smile on his face that night.