clarified. "Well," she began, flicking his arm. "It may have something to do with the whole best friends for thirteen years thing." Jason smiled. "Right," he said. He paused and removed his arm from his face. "So you think that Piper loves me?" "She's a crazy unique person Jase, and yes I think she loves you very much. So maybe, if you want to not be so offended when she says you're not her boyfriend, you should actually go label your thing," Reyna reminded. Jason sat up so fast that Reyna was surprised he didn't get whiplash. He leaned towards her and pulled her into a tight hug. She wasn't expecting it, so she went stiff on contact. Jason was warm and strong and familiar and Reyna finally let her arms wrap around him back. The hug was friendly and strictly so and there was a deep part of Reyna that wished it wasn't. She squashed it. "Go get your girl," she encouraged. Jason grinned at her, stood, grabbed his bag and took off. Reyna remained sitting in the shade of the trees after he left. Jason loved Piper, Piper loved Jason and Reyna loved Jason. She knew he loved her back, but in a very different way. It was bittersweet, but at least she knew he'd be happy. She wasn't alone for long. Annabeth was very good at telling when Reyna was upset. She was also very good at comfort with and without words. Annabeth sat next to Reyna, where Jason had been sitting, and bumped their shoulders together. Reyna returned the action, but with less enthusiasm. "You okay Rey?" Annabeth asked after a minute. Finally letting her walls down, Reyna curled her knees into her chest and shook her head. Annabeth's arm was around her shoulders in a flash, tucking the brunette in close. Reyna took several deep, calming breaths. She refused to cry. She had never cried in front of anyone except her sister. "I'm in love with Jason," Reyna choked out. "And he's in love with Piper and Piper is in love with him and," she broke off, voice dying and thoughts muddling. She loved Jason. Piper was her friend. But she admired Piper's courage and other characteristics in a way that was unlike what she felt for Jason, but it was also different from what she felt for Annabeth or Hazel. "I'm sorry," the blonde replied softly. "You've always loved him, haven't you?" Reyna could only nod mutely. Annabeth breathed in. It rattled in her chest and Reyna got the impression that Annabeth was trying to influence Reyna and even out her sporadic breathing. "There's another thing," Reyna continued. "Piper," Annabeth interrupted. Reyna looked at her, surprised. Annabeth just shrugged. "Honestly I think we're all a little in love with Piper. She's wonderful and different and just has a charm about her that no one else has. I mean, I love Percy, but Piper's probably a close second." "I guess she's rubbing off on us. We're all turning bisexual," Reyna joked. She tried to put lightness in her voice, but it fell flat. Annabeth smiled anyways. "More like Piper-sexual." Reyna laughed at that. "Look Reyna, Jason and Piper love each other, yes, but they also really care for you." "I know," Reyna interrupted and she was surprised to know that she actually did understand. She may not share the same connection with Jason that Piper did, but he was her best friend and Piper was also one of her closest friends. "They deserve the best." "And you and I and Frank and Leo and Percy will fight everyone who tries to take that from them because we're all friends. We love each other and we'll protect each other. Whether that means protecting Piper because she's attracted to two genders, or protecting Leo because he's grieving his mom. It's the same thing because we're a family. When one of us is down, we pick each other up and we get better," Annabeth explained. Her ponytail brushed Reyna's shoulder and the dark-haired girl smiled. "Together," Reyna finished. "Together," Annabeth promised. She laid her head on top of Reyna's and patted her shoulder. "But, for now you're allowed to act like a girl with a broken heart and I'm allowed to act like your confidant." Reyna muffled a giggle. "Thanks Annabeth." Seven years later when Reyna watched Tristan McLean rub tears from his eyes at the ceremony, her own eyes were perfectly dry. Piper looked beautiful and Jason looked dashing in his suit. Annabeth, Reyna, and Hazel were dressed in the same dress and Piper had managed to find one that was flattering for the three vastly different girls. Leo, Frank and Percy all looked a little uncomfortable in their suits, but it was to be expected. None of them were really all for formal wear. When the vows were exchanged and the rings given and the kiss shared, Reyna waited for the pain. Where she had once experience a sharp pain whenever she saw them together was now only a dull ache. She smiled. Piper and Jason stepped off the alter, hand in hand and Reyna could only see the picture from her imagination: all their friends and family gathered around holding up a polished silver platter with the most amazing lives that anyone could want. And Piper and Jason were married. And Reyna was happy. Author's Note: Just a tribute to one of my favourite characters. Despite how I may have written her in the past, I do very much enjoy Reyna's character. In this fic, she loves Jason, but with Piper there are moments when she can question that, and that is actually based off of my own experience and sexual identity. I headcanon bi!Piper and I actually enjoyed writing her. I hope I wasn't offensive in any way to the community and instead that the story was enjoyable. Follow me on Tumblr for frequent updates (nicolewrites) or find me on AO3 too (nicole_writes) -Nicole