it was hard to get that control back because his powers were so strong. Perseus absolutely hated hurting innocent people though, so his biggest fear was to get too angry. This fight with Atlas tested him, as he was seeing red up until Atlas left. Krios told him that's what made him different, though. Many Titans could care less for the mortals or creatures that inhabit the world. But Perseus does. Pushing aside his anger issues, Perseus was pulled out of his thoughts by Zoe. "It's okay. I'm actually glad you came. He wouldn't let me leave and I was on house arrest. My sisters stayed to keep me company." Zoe told him gently. She had approached him when he sat down. But he did scare her, as he almost launched her father onto her. But Perseus was a friend so she knew he'd never harm her, no matter what. "How about I get you some water?" Flashback End Since that fight, Atlas and Perseus have disagreed over everything and anything. The two immortals could never get along, and while at first Perseus thought he had more support, over the years more Titans supported Atlas over him. All the little adventures he went on with the others seemingly forgotten, and he was once called a minor deity. This lead to continued isolation for Perseus. He spent more time with his creations than the other Titans, finding comfort in the fact that something appreciated him. At the moment, Perseus was building an island. Yes, an island. But no mortal would be able to reach it, and it'd be a paradise. He did not know what to name it, for he could not describe its beauty in words. His sister Rhea had requested it as a favor, a favor he gladly turned in. She was rather timid when asking for it, like it was too much. Perseus hadn't minded, though he might sleep for about a decade after….. But one thing Rhea did not ask for was any kind of protection. The island was already shielded from mortals, but at seeing how nervous his older sister was when asking, he knew something was wrong. So after creating a massive mountain, he carved out a deep cave. In it, he decided, he'd leave his spark. A spark was in a most literal sense a piece of a Titans essence. It allowed a Titan to be killed and to reform, as it held their memories, thoughts, experiences. He hadn't created his yet, but this island was too good to pass up. So he created a transparent like blue cube and preceded to input all his knowledge into it. After several seconds he went to place it on the stone pedestal in front of him when he stopped. He had an idea. It was crazy, but if he could do it he'd ensure that he could never fade, at least fully. Perseus grabbed the cube and focused. He felt himself losing a lot of power and he tired quickly. He dropped to his knee as the cubes light suddenly brightened tenfold before it pulsed with energy. Then Perseus waved his hand over it. A ghostly image of Perseus appeared which caused the original Perseus to smile. "You know your duty." He told the ghost. The ghost nodded before fading away. But as Perseus went to put the cube back, it floated away and landed on the platform by itself. Perseus smiled before disappearing to his sister's garden. What he found wasn't what he was expecting. Rhea was pacing nervously while Tethys tried to council her. Rhea's tunic was pure white while Tethys was bright blue. Rhea's crown glowed with an ethereal light. "What happened?" Perseus questioned as he stared at the crown. He has never gotten over how much it glowed. Shaking his head to rid him of stupid thoughts, he looked at his sister. She asked him to come to her when he finished. "A prophecy has been issued. Kronos' children will overthrow him like he did to his father." Rhea said. Perseus frowned. He had heard the stories, of how Kronos's father foretold those events when being castrated. "Well why are you nervous? Just don't have children then. And hasn't Kronos already been aware of this?" Rhea turned sharply to Perseus. "Not have children? I am the queen of the Titans, we must have heirs! And in answer to your last question….no. Ouranos did tell him this, but the Oracle did not." Perseus rolled his eyes at the first part. "Yea, because having a bucket full of kids is so important." "I'm serious Perseus. If we don't have children I'll never escape the laughter! Queen of the Titans and without child!" Perseus gave a quiet sigh as he rubbed his forehead. Women, he'd never understand them. Especially his sister. "Well, can't you just, I dunno, raise the kid to be loyal then? With some support and compassion, it'd be pretty easy y'know." Perseus tried as he sat on the bench next to Tethys. Rhea glared at Perseus before storming up to him. "It's not 'pretty easy' as you put it. If the fates declare something to happen, it will happen no matter what!" "Ok, sheesh, it was just a suggestion. So what will you do now?" Perseus questioned. Rhea looked away before turning back to her brother. "I don't know Perseus, I just don't know." Alright, the end. I know this wasn't really good, but my computer glitches on me and messed with me, so I rushed about half this chapter as I was typing it so I'd be able to post it. Hopefully, quality should get better. Anyways, review! Reviews give me inspiration! Update April 2016: Well, I hope if you made it this far that you liked the chapter. The opening chapter is meant to introduce Perseus as well as develop a few antagonists in his life already, so if you take anything away from this, that's what it should be.