had never felt before. Their hearts beat together, causing the room to jostle. Oh! Maybe that wasn't their hearts! The plane shook side to side, as Annabeth slipped forward from the counter right into Percy. She crushed herself against his chest, hiding her face in the collar of his shirt. Finding comfort in his closeness, she whimpered a bit as Percy cooed soothing words in her ear, "Don't worry, it's just some turbulence." At that moment, an especially violent jolt shook them both to the ground. Percy held Annabeth against the ground, wrapping her in his body, creating a force-field to protect her from any falling debris. Gradually the shaking subsided, and Annabeth's hold on Percy loosened a bit. But Percy didn't loosen his grip on her. "Are you okay?" he questioned her frantically, "Are you bruised? Cut? Injured?" Annabeth raised her fright-filled eyes to meet his, "I'm okay, Percy. Because of you." At that moment, both became aware of how they were positioned. Percy was laying directly on top of her, legs straddling her own, with his hands wrapped around her wrists, pinning them to the floor. As soon as he noticed this, he began to let go and right himself, but Annabeth pulled him back down towards her. "Wait," she sighed, "Don't get up. Not yet, at least. The turbulence might come back, you know." Her mouth tipped up into a small smile and he lowered himself back down to her. "You know, smart girl, one might think you did indeed want to join the Mile High Club," Percy chuckled faintly in her ear. Her eyes flickered to his as he said this, a message of passion and hunger passed between them. "No, Annabeth!" Percy protested, "You'll regret this, I know it! You don't want to do that! Definitely not with some womanizing arrogant jerk like myself." Annabeth rolled her eyes at him, "I know just as well as you do that that is not who you are at all, Percy!" He leaned his head down so that it rested just beside her face, "I don't want you to make a decision you'll regret." Annabeth ran her fingers through his hair, saying, "Percy, listen to me. I won't regret it! I'll cherish it. Really." Percy stared down at her, "You are the most extraordinary person I've ever known, Annabeth." Annabeth giggled as Percy lowered his head down as their lips met again. They gently kissed each other for several minutes before Annabeth began to fumble with the buttons on Percy's shirt. Then and there, Annabeth decided that eight buttons on a shirt is eight too many. Percy couldn't help but ask again, "Annabeth, we really don't have to do this. I'd just as happily wait for you to be ready than for you to rush into something." The kiss that Annabeth responded to him with was all the answer he needed. Annabeth pulled his shirt off of his as she felt his chest, lightly pulling her hand all the way down do his belt. She shut her eyes, so invested in this moment. Percy traced her stomach, hesitant to make a move at removing her shirt. Annabeth reached down and took his hand, smiling at him reassuringly, she brought both of their hands up to the first button of her shirt. They undid it together, as Percy brought his mouth up to her ear and down to the nape of her neck, making Annabeth gasp with bliss. Soon enough all buttons were removed, and Percy slowly began to pull off her shirt, in case Annabeth decided that they were taking it too far. Instead, she ripped off the shirt for him. Suddenly, Percy stopped everything. Annabeth opened her eyes, confused, "Percy? What is it?" Percy looked down at her petite figure and then back at her face, and mumbled, "How can a human possibly be so unarguably gorgeous?" This practically brought tears to Annabeth's eyes. She pressed herself against his chest in a tight embrace. She turned her head and journeyed down the side of his face with her lips until she found his mouth once again. Percy dipped his tongue into her mouth, and they began this dance all over again. Annabeth reached down to unclasp Percy's belt buckle, when he caught her hand. He pushed himself up, elbows on either side of her head, making himself just out of reach from her lips. He reached around to where Annabeth's hand was resting on his lower back, and took her hand. He pulled it close to him, resting her hand under his own on his chest, just over his heart. "I won't have you throwing yourself out on me," Percy said solemnly. Annabeth began to protest again immediately but Percy continued, "We have all the time in the world to do that. Let's just be happy being together. I love the pure Annabeth. And while I'd be honored to be the person who you choose to be the one that gets it, but it shouldn't happen now. In an airplane. And especially not in a bathroom." Annabeth met his gaze, "You said you loved the pure me. Loved. Do you mean that?" Percy smiled down on her, "I've always wondered what love felt like. And what I'm feeling right now. For you. I think that's exactly what it is. So yes, smart girl. I love you. And I definitely love you enough to not ruin your chaste life in a plane restroom. Laughing, Annabeth grinned, "I never would have thought that you would be capable of such chivalry, Percy." Sighing he kissed her on the cheek, "Well, I'm full of surprises. Now let's get up. We've still got thirteen hours left on this flight, you know." Annabeth, gasped jokingly, "Only thirteen! Well, let's make them count." "Is that a challenge, smart girl?" Percy growled, pulling them both to their feet. Annabeth stepped closer to his so that her chin was resting on his chest, "You tell me."