escape but remains on his ground. "I hope you have a wonderful night, your highness." "Percy," Annabeth calls. His eyes raise to her for a second, before it flits back down. "What is it, your highness?" "Drop the act, Percy." Luke glances between the two of them; both seemingly unfazed by each other when he connects the dots. "Um," he interrupts and looks at Percy. "You know, she'll dump me by the end of the day, so you don't have to be so hostile." Percy startles from his place, and stares at Annabeth with wide eyes. She's a little shocked too; she didn't know what to say after Luke dropped the truth. "It's a long story," she says instead. Percy shakes his head, confused. "I don't know why you're telling me this." "You're being stupid, is what she said." Luke gestures to Annabeth. "Now, I don't know why, but I don't want her sulking on her own birthday, so fix this. Now." He pushes Percy towards the princess and heads back to the direction of the ballroom. They remain in silence for some time, neither of them wanting to speak up first. "What's the deal about what he said?" Percy asks. "We're not getting married, simple." "What about the part where you told him I'm being stupid?" "You're being stupid, that's why. Even now." "What?" he exclaims. He moves closer and stares down at her. "How am I being stupid right now? Tell me." She rounds up and stares back, defiantly. "What if I don't?" "Then how am I supposed to know what did I do?" "Nothing! You did nothing." "Nothing?" Annabeth rolls her eyes and huffs, angrily. "Ugh. You're so clueless it hurts." "This is about earlier then?" "Gods, yes! You don't know that I'm ready to tell you how I am in love with you despite your utter cluelessness and stupidity. Then you go marching out of the room, apologizing without explaining why," she replies, enraged. She pinches the bridge of her nose to briefly control her anger. "Percy, please. I don't care whether you're concerned about my feelings or whatever, but please; if you don't like me that way, act like man and tell me in the face." His eyebrows scrunch up, and his mouth is open like a fish. He gapes at her in shock. "You're—you're in love with me?" "Like it wasn't obvious already." "But how?" "I don't know. You tell me why." "But I was in love with you first!" He steps into her space and glares at her. "Why didn't you tell me?" She doesn't answer, but she matches his glare with a startling intensity, daring him to act. The argument had inevitably moved them closer; their noses almost touching, their chests pressing against each other as they heave for breath. The fire that rages in their eyes dulls to an ember. "If you're in love with me, then why did you say sorry?" His eyes remain fixed on her own, both refusing to look away. "Because I'm about to do this." He closes the few traitorous inches between them with a fervent kiss that quickly steals the breath out of her. She doesn't wait for a shock to register and eagerly kisses back. The distance that seem so small earlier now becomes a galaxy whenever their lips part, as if they'll become two worlds apart. She lets out a gasp as he kisses her hard; his lips coaxing the breath out of her. The steady pulsing on her veins rapidly turns to a crescendo, and she chases it till she can't quite feel her body. Annabeth kisses him until she drowns herself in the memory of his lips and his taste on her tongue; kisses him until she can no longer forget the feel of his hands on her skin; and she kisses him until she can no longer breathe air that isn't him. They pull back moments later; their breaths mingling in a symphony of feelings. Annabeth keeps her eyes closed, and savors the feeling for a moment longer. She feels his thumb running over her lips, and opens her eyes to look at him. Percy stares at her in wonder; like she was a goddess who'd just hung the moon. "That's eighteen years' worth of tension," he whispers. "We haven't met till we're twelve, idiot." She smiles at him. "But I guess it was." "Hope you liked my gift." Annabeth looks up at him, faking scandalized. "That was your gift to me?" "Well, I didn't have time to wrap my heart in a box." Percy smiles cheekily at her. "You already took it, and I don't think I can get it back." She blushes furiously and hits his chest with her fist. "Aren't you smooth." Percy feigns hurt. "This is just the start, and you're already beating me up." "You know that I won't make things easy for you, Seaweed brain." "And that I know." Their story doesn't end here; it's just the start and there's still a long way waiting for them (gods know how many trials they both have to face *cough, the Queen Athena, *cough). But she knows that whatever obstacle they may face, the feeling she gets every time he kisses her will be a thousand times worth it. Annabeth briefly wonders if this is how it feels to be drunk in love, and if it is, then she'll want nothing more but to spend her days forever intoxicated in him. A/N: It's been so LONGGGGG. This is my first one-shot in awhile, after several months of being inactive. College is really getting into me, and there's no room to write, unlike when I was in high school. Since this is coming from a person who hasn't written anything for the past months, expect this to be crappy and ew (especially the part towards the end). This is also unedited, so sorry for the mistakes. I'd like to hear how i'm doing though, so please review.