coming behind him, and ran for a gap between two of her cronies. No such luck. One of them grabbed his arm, yanking him back. Percy struggled, but he was pinned as Clarisse stepped forward, her face red with anger. "You think you can walk in here and punch me, punk?" growled the camper. Percy didn't speak. The first punch caught him in the ribs, now quite cracking them. The second hit his nose, and the third his stomach. Five minutes later, the campers let him fall, and after kicking him a few times, just pointed and laughed. Percy lifted his head off the ground, glaring up at Clarisse with one eye -the other shut from blood. "Still got some life in you, punk?" Percy's lips parted, exposing his teeth, "You'll . . . regret this." Clarisse laughed harshly, kicking him again, "Let's go. We've wasted enough time on this little punk." Laughing and giving each other high fives, the four campers walked away. No one seemed to care. Percy forced himself to his feet, silently taking stock of his situation. A few ribs were definitely cracked, and his pinkies were broken. His nose was bleeding heavily, and he had bruises all over. Most of this could be healed with nectar and a good night's rest, so the demigod retrieved his backpack and walked into the forest. No one helped or hindered him. All for the better. Once again under the trees, Percy started searching. Nectar was all fine and good, but he had a limited amount of it. He didn't want to waste it here if he had a choice. Thankfully, the forest was full of strange plants, and it was easy to find the ones he needed. Celyn had taught him to make a few different mixtures that would speed healing, and that's exactly what he needed here. Safe from both campers and monsters, Percy let himself drift away while the campers ate dinner. ├-┼-X-X-X-┼-┤ No one knew were he came from or where he left to each night, but the Hermes campers certainly started to notice that he wasn't coming back to the cabin. Coupled with Clarisse, Percy became persona non grata. So when CTF night came around, they stuck him on the riverbank between the two sides. A clear weak link in the chain. "Remember, no maiming or killing!" Chiron called out, "Let the game begin!" Almost immediately, Percy left his post. He had no care for winning a piece of fabric for a cabin that he didn't especially care about. Instead, he left his unwieldy armor there, and had his hunting knives in hand. He would watch. If he had the opportunity, maybe get some revenge. Percy spotted that opportunity soon enough. Clarisse and her stoogies were moving across the stream, apperantly seeing the lack of guard. Their mistake. The thrum of a longbow was the only warning they got before a stinking cloud erupted in their midst. While one of the campers keeled over, retching, Percy swapped arrows and targeted Clarisse. A blunt arrow slammed into her breastplate, and the daughter of Ares spun. Another one missed her -on purpose. Percy needed to lull her into a sense of security -only then would she take off her helmet to get a better view of the forest. And that she did. Percy smiled nastily, drawing a blunt arrow made of slightly harder rubber, nocked it, and fired. It slammed perfectly into Clarisse' nose, crushing it into her face. The son of Poseidon let loose a hail of arrows on her three stooges, slamming into the weakest points of their armor and covering them in bruises. One of them got a broken jaw, and another fell face-first into the stream before Percy slung his bow, willing it to disappear as he snuck away. They couldn't prove it was him, anyways, and he could just as easily claim he was bored and wandered off to the opposite side of the forest. He deliberatly went into enemy territory, and was soon set upon by a Dionysus camper. Castor, was it? Immediately upon seeing him, Percy raised his hands, "I surrender!" The demigod seemed uncertain, but led him back and put him with the other prisoners. Half an hour later, the match was over, and everyone gathered back at the stream. Luke had personally carried the standards of Ares over the stream, and the Hermes cabin lifted him on their shoulders. "Luke! Luke! Luke! Luke!" They chanted, their words echoing into the forest. Percy inconspicuously joined the back of the crowd, chanting along with the best of them. It came to a jarring halt as a howl rang down the stream. A massive dog seemed to leap from the shadows behind everyone. Chiron turned, drawing an arrow. Campers scattered, screaming. Luke spun, sword up and ready. The more senior campers stood by him. And Percy stood stock-still, terrified. The hellhound charged, not even faltering when an arrow was embedded in it's side. "Percy! Get clear!" Luke shouted, running forward. Percy stepped back, but the hellhound was upon him. The son of Poseidon could only see red eyes, burning as they met his own, then a flash of black fur and claws, then burning pain. Percy fell back, landing in the river while Luke slammed his shield into the hellhound's head, and Chiron's second arrow pierced it's heart. The water flowed into the fallen demigod, healing his wounds as Chiron galloped over, "Perseus, my boy, are-" He stopped as Percy climbed to his feet, completely unharmed. "I'm fine." the demigod said. The scattered campers slowly regrouped, then took a knee in front of him. It didn't take long for Percy to guess why: A sea-green trident rotated slowly above his head. A/N: So, how's that? This will have a bit more combat and badassery than The Son of Leto, 'cause The Son of Leto will have more overwhelming force than individual badasses. Please review -I love your advice and suggestions.