always been Will clinging. Will making ways for them to work. Will moving his world to catch up with the great son of Hades - the one who had been to Tartarus and had saved millions of people's lives. But now, looking beneath the surface, it was always Nico who was chasing after him. He thought he was the one chasing after him, when in reality, he was the one being chased. "Why am I only hearing about this now?" "It's not exactly something I could tell you…" "Why won't you rely on me during times like these? What am I your boyfriend for?" he asked, exasperated. "Will, I didn't even finish elementary school. This embarrasses me." "And you think this doesn't embarrass me?" Will asked. Nico looked at him in confusion. "Whenever I tell people that I have a boyfriend, no one would believe me because you never called. I've spent a lot of time thinking of you - whether you were safe or with another person." Something inside him felt broken. His body trembled with anger and some other emotion but he still tried to keep his voice from wavering. Nico inched closer and Will's reflexes acted out instinctively, shoving him away. "And then there were times when I would think that if I hadn't met you, my life would be a whole lot easier! Gods, why do you have to make me feel so… so…" "Will…" Nico took his hands. He closed his eyes, tears streaming down his cheek. There was no use in holding back. "I love you. I love you, you jerk. Don't you get that? Why does it have to be you of all people?" "Hey, hey." Nico grabbed his shoulders, gently coaxing him to look up. A hand cupped his face, wiping away the traces of his tears. "You wouldn't probably believe me after everything but let me tell you this. There's no one in this world I could ever love more than you." He enveloped him into a tight embrace. Will revelled in the familiar sensation of Nico's arms around him. The soft brush of their lips reminded Will how hurt he was and at the same time, how much he missed him. They were running in ridiculous circles trying to chase after each other. Their foreheads rested against the other's, looking into each other's eyes, breathless. It was only then when Will saw how tired Nico looked, like he was forcing his eyes open. For a few minutes or probably hours, they held on to each other. Neither of them really knew when they fell asleep but Will woke up at the crack of dawn and Nico soon followed. Will's brothers and sisters would probably jump to conclusions and spend the day whispering and giggling behind his back. He didn't care though. "Oh yeah. I almost forgot." Will looked around for his jacket. It was still damp but the gift inside it stayed dry. "Your birthday present. But since it's way past your birthday, consider it your I'm-sorry-I-threw-a-chemistry-book-on-your-face and thank-you-for-saving-me-twice-from-being-eaten-by-harpies present." Will figured that the reason why the harpy didn't see him when he was running to the infirmary was because Nico cloaked him in the shadows. He just nodded and went to opening his present. "Mythomagic?" Nico glared, holding the box away from him. "I swear Solace, if you're mocking me or something, actual skeletons are going to appear in your closet." Now, there's the Nico he knew and loved. He chuckled, standing and then picking up a heavy book before flipping through the pages. "Of course I'm not. Don't you like it? The guy from the store said-" He cut him off with a gasp. "The tenth anniversary edition platinum immortal deck!" "Yeah, exactly that." Will knew he would love it. He had to fight with five other geeks to get it but with a little sneezing curse, he managed to get them out of the way. It was totally worth it in the end. "This is so rare! I mean… um from what I remember. Thank you." "Glad you like it." Will kissed his cheek, before going back to reading. "You know I love chemistry and physics." "I'm on that chapter." Nico pointed. "Think you could help? My brain's not absorbing anything and Jason kept making lovey dovey faces at Piper. When your tutors make you vomit, you wouldn't understand anything." "The trick to memorizing stuff is to just sing it," he said as he watched Nico's face go pale. "Gamma, x-ray, ultraviolet, visible, infrared, radar, microwaves… um and radiowaves," he sang in the tune of 'twinkle, twinkle little star', prolonging the last note. "I think I'll just memorize everything the boring way." Handing the book over to Nico, a brilliant idea came to his mind. "I'll tutor you any time you want." Will offered. "Are you sure?" he asked. "You're probably busy. I don't want to bother you." "Nonsense," Will replied, shaking his head. "Besides, I have an ulterior motive. When you pass the exam and get accepted to a university, we'll be living in a tiny apartment together." Nico's only response was to throw the book back at him. Thankful for his fast reflexes, Will avoided it easily and simply laughed it off. They still had a lot of catching up to do and this time, they were running together. Why is the title Something About Chasing? Well, because I couldn't think of a title and so I labelled it that. It just stuck. I guess, it's better than Unnamed Solangelo Fanfic. I got electromagnetic spectrum song from my friends in high school. It really saved me on some quizzes. If any of you are interested in Wicked, please go and read my multi-chapter story, entitled Ouroboros. *In the voice of Dora the Explorer* What was your favorite part? Any corrections? Honestly, I don't really proofread everything well, but I tried. Please review and I'll make sure to reply to each and everyone of you :)