many facts as you can before you make a hypothesis. "Hey," you say with mock casually. "How'd you know I'd be here?" "Your backpack," he says, as if it's the most obvious thing in the world. "St. Clarence is on that side of town," he jerks a thumb behind him. "Figured you probably lived nearby. This is the most direct route." Of course. It hadn't even dawned on you that you were wearing your school backpack. Then again, it had also never dawned on you that he would have paid notice to it. It's not that the crest was inconspicuous; quite the contrary, in fact - St. Clarence was probably the most prestigious and sought-after girls school in New York - He just doesn't strike you as the sort of guy who'd give a damn. But then, there seems to be no end to the surprises this boy can conjure, and it was more than possible he'd seen the pack as you'd walked out the café door; the bold white lettering stood out strongly against the navy-blue canvas: a design that was undoubtedly made with the intention to flaunt the fact that you went to St. Clarence. And that was probably a contributing factor as to why you hated it so much. That knowledge does little to quell your suspicions though. It does nothing to change the fact that he was waiting here, seemingly for you. He holds out an arm, pulling the sleeve of his hoodie back, revealing a simple digital watch. His face lights up. "C'mon!" he shouts excitedly, grabbing your upper arm and practically dragging you towards a dumpy looking side street. "We're going to miss it!" Your heart rate speeds up to what feels like the speed of sound. You can feel each beat pulsing in your ears, blocking out the world around you, until it's just a grey tunnel with him and you, with his hand clasping your arm. Your instincts kick in, and you dig your heels hard into the pavement, tugging at his grasp. You're about to scream for help, when the pressure on your arm is abruptly released. You stumble back a few steps and your back comes up against the side of the alleyway. Your hand runs over the course brickwork as though looking for something to cling to. Your head snaps up to look at him. He's standing in the centre of the alleyway, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly, a blush steadily working its way down to his Adam's apple. As though he finally realized that maybe dragging a girl who doesn't know you into a deserted alleyway at sundown wasn't the best idea. "Oops," He grins sheepishly. "Sorry about…that." The expression on his face is so adorably hilarious that if you weren't still recovering from nearly having a heart attack, you'd probably have laughed. "What the hell?" You shout. You're not really worried anymore; His newly exposed nervous demeanour tells you that he hadn't meant you any harm, but that doesn't stop you from being angry. What exactly was he thinking? "Yeah…uh, that was an accident. Sorry." You huff. "So, you accidently almost gave me a heart attack?" "Yup!" he says, a little too enthusiastically. "Exactly. I'm glad we see eye to eye on that. And speaking of seeing, I wanna show you something…" The last bit comes out a bit like a question, as though he's not entirely sure how you'll react. As if! Who does he think he is turning up like that, scaring you, and then expecting you to willingly follow him who-knows-where? Nuh uh. No way. Not a chance. Still, it appears this is the escape you've been longing for. As stupid and reckless as it was, the thought of danger and adventure draws you in. It's the chocolate you know you shouldn't eat, but the scent draws you nearer. Your new desire to break the rules startles you; it's never really been an issue until recently. All thoughts of deviation were usually hammered out of your head by your mother before they could fully take shape. But imagine the look on your mother's face when she realises you've been out adventuring with some random skater you found on the streets! Oh, Revenge is sweet! I can't believe you're even considering this! Your logical side tells you. It's utter madness! "Okay," you say boldly. "I'll go." You're a disaster, Annabeth. A total disaster. His face lights up at your words. "That's great! I'm Percy, by the way." "Hi Percy, I'm Annabeth. And for the record, you might want to do introductions before the dragging into alleyways. Girls don't generally like being hauled away by strangers," you say with a slight smirk. "Yeah…look, I'm really sorry about that," he mumbles. "But," he adds, perking up a little, "I'll let you hold my board. As, you know, insurance. That way, you can escape if I scare you again." He untucks his skateboard from the crook of his arm and holds it out to you with both hands, like an offering. "An insurance board?" you chuckle, taking the aqua colored death-instrument from his outstretched arms. It's just about the most ridiculous form of comfort you can think of. "Why not? Although I don't know if this thing could outpace you." "Erm…not sure if that was meant to be offensive, or a compliment." He says. You smirk in reply. "Anyway, where is this thing you were so desperate to show me?" you ask, placing the board under your own arm. It's slightly heavier than you'd thought. No wonder he gave it to you to hold. You don't care though; you're glad for the peace of mind, no matter how ridiculous it was. "Right this way please, milady." he says, gesturing grandly down the alleyway. A/N: Please leave a review! Constructive criticism is appreciated. :) I'm already writing chapter two, so hopefully that'll be out soon-ish. Also, St. Clarence is not a real school. I made it up.