at Goode, and going to spend Winter Break at camp with my awesome girlfriend, celebrate Christmas and New Years with my mom, step-dad, and Tyson. Then Her Royal Pain in the Neck, Queen of All Things Annoying had to go pluck me from my life, as if it wouldn't have any serious, lasting consequences to both me and those around me. I couldn't even being to imagine how she'd taken that message from me, the one I'd left when Frank, Hazel, and I had landed in Alaska. Thinking back on it now, I half regretted it because of the pain and worry it must have caused her and my step-dad. The other half of me told me it had been the right thing to do. After eight months they deserved to know I was alive. I probably could've worded it better, though. All of that passed through my mind in less than a second. I blinked and was back in the apartment building, standing just outside my home. My mom stood at the other end of the hall, staring back at me. Had she seen what I'd seen with added memories, like me as a baby? Her and Poseidon? She, too, looked the same as I remembered, but also older with worry. Her hair had more grey streaks. A weight seemed to lift from her shoulders, though, when she saw me. Tears flooded her eyes, causing my throat to close up and my chest tighten painfully. I wanted to say something, but words couldn't possibly suffice for a situation such as this. I almost felt frozen in time unable to move, and trust me, I knew exactly how that felt. She started forward, breaking the spell, a watery smile breaking across her face, warming me to my core, momentarily taking away the coldness that Tartarus had put there, and bringing a burning sensation to my eyes. I started toward her, throwing my backpack down as I reached her and threw my arms around her. I would only realize the cause of the burn were my tears when we embraced and they spilled from my eyes and slid down my cheeks in a never-ending stream. Annabeth had told me of her trips over to my apartment, to visit my mom, update her on the search for me. She left nothing out, telling me how worried they'd been, how they would sometimes just cry because they were so concerned, so afraid something had happened to me. The pain in my chest increased and a fresh, new wave of tears spilled from my eyes. I held my mom even closer to me as my chest filled with that pain, which was both excruciating and incapacitating, but also relieving and freeing in a way. I had been gone for so long, caused so much misery and sorrow. But I was back, I'd finally come back. She smelled just as I remembered, though she no longer worked at a candy shop: chocolate and licorice, the aroma of candies and sweets. I held her even tighter to me, any words getting caught in my throat, and being turned into sobs that I could barely hold back. Just as well because there still really wasn't anything to be said here. The mere fact that I was back in my mom's arms was enough. I felt five again. (If only it were so easy. If only I could rid myself of those memories of Tartarus.) I hadn't realized we'd sunken to the floor until Paul came over and knelt next to us. I managed to pull away from my mom for a moment to smile up at him through watery eyes. He smiled back, looking between me and my mom, his own eyes teary. He sat down on the floor with us, putting his arms around us, me and my mom putting one of our arms around him. There we sat, in the middle of the hall, crying happily—I was back, I was with my family again, I was in the arms of a step-dad who cared about, loved me, and accepted me for who I was, and a fantastic mom who loved me and who'd taken care of me in every way she could, sometimes sacrificing her own happiness for mine. And crying sadly—releasing all the pain that had built up from missing each other, not being able to see or talk to each other, all the pent up anger and frustration at being unable to do anything to find me, bring me back where I belonged, of me not being able to just go back because my responsibility as a demigod was so much bigger than it all. Her eyes told me stories of trips to Montauk beach and blue food. Her hair told me of her late nights working on her book, doing homework and, though exhausted, the happiness it brought her. Her smile told me of her love for me, her need to protect, but also her bravery for letting me do what needed to be done even if it meant I might not make it back. Her scent told me of her kind and caring nature toward the world, her gentleness and sweetness toward people. Most of all, everything about her told me I was finally home. " Where we love is home—home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts." Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr. I've hit a rough patch in my writing lately, so I hope the emotions came through. Because I just recently returned from being abroad, I can kind of relate to this kind of reunion, and I thought I'd capitalize on this empathy. Granted, I wasn't away for as long, I didn't go through what Percy had, and I was able to talk to my mom every weekend, but the emotions are still there, they're still the same. I simply amplified them and then added in some nostalgia to make it more emotional. Thank you for reading, TheBrightestNight