here, the Cyclopes would destroy them. Another Cyclops dropped from a catwalk above. "Perseus Jackson!" he roared. "Remember me?" "Pretty much all Cyclopes look alike," I replied, rolling to avoid a punch. "So…who are you again?" He roared. "I am Bolt! I battled against you in the first Great War! I have returned from Tartarus to destroy you!" Okay… I dodged a box he threw at me. When it hit the wall, nothing but stuffed animals spilled out. Wow. Real heavy and deadly. Then I ran forward. He grinned evilly, showing all his teeth. With both fists, he slammed down at me with all his Cyclops strength, instantly flattening me into a perfectly flat puddle of son of Poseidon. Well, that's what would've happened if his fists had connected. What really happened was: He punched a hole through the solid cement, making a two-foot hole that mortal police would investigate for months to come. But I was gone, having slid under his legs and jumped onto his back. I stabbed Riptide through his chest from behind. He bucked once, then I was left thirty feet in the air holding a fistful of sand. It was a painful landing. I stayed conscious and everything, but my legs hurt. Pretty bad. So much so that I wondered how it could hurt that bad, when I had landed on my arms. Before my arms went numb, I swallowed a few bars of ambrosia from the plastic bag I always keep in my pocket. The pain stopped. I picked up Riptide, and went after Annabeth. She was lying on the floor near the door. A Cyclops was running toward her from outside. I jumped up and swung Riptide at the monster. But he jumped back and yelped. "Brother!" he shouted. Oh. I landed smoothly. Well, I tripped. And fell flat. But other than that, it was smooth. He picked me up and dusted me off. "Are you all right, brother?" he asked. "Yeah, big guy," I said. "I'm fine. But Annabeth's hurt." He nodded. "I will take her to your car." "Okay…" I said. "You know where it is?" "Yes," he said. "I saw it in front of broken restaurant." He picked her up and hurried off. I followed. A Cyclops charged out of the warehouse door, launching crates. One flew straight at Tyson, but he swatted it with his free arm and it disintegrated. Another one landed right behind me. I picked up the pace. We got to the car semi-safely. The Cyclops had the great misfortune to trip over a bicycle stand and then trip into a street light. The little pointy part on the top went through his chest, not killing him, but it would take a long time for him to regenerate. Tyson didn't fit into the car. But he assured me he could run to camp easily. So I took off. In the direction of the warehouse. In the car, Annabeth came to. I explained to her what was going on, and she decided it was a good plan. Mestra was still slumped at the door. The boxes were in a complete mess, and two Cyclopes were searching through them for us. Becca and Phil were tied up again, in the far back of the warehouse. They weren't moving, so I assumed they were unconscious. I jumped out of the car. Annabeth got into the driver's seat. The two Cyclopes charged at me, but I yelled, "Stop!" They stopped. "Take me to your leader!" I said, feeling decidedly alien-like. They disarmed me, and marched me into a back room. There, in a reclining chair, demolishing plastic boxes of cookies, was Erischthon. "Sir, here's the human," one of the Cyclopes grunted. Erischthon nodded. He popped off a last cookie, and waved his hand. "You are dismissed," he said to them. They kinda-sorta saluted, and walked out. Erischthon glared at me. "Boy, you've caused plenty of trouble. The mortal police will be here any minute. What do you want?" "Why have you captured Becca and Phil?" I asked, knowing the answer but needing a starting point in this conversation. "Becca? Phil ? What names are those? No, demigod. These are the famous Baucis and Philemon. They have the famous enchanted pitcher of legend. With that, I could never be hungry again!" "Well," I said, having worked this out with Annabeth already, "they had the pitcher. Emphasis on had . See, they died. And they went for rebirth from Elysium some forty years ago. So now they made a restaurant. And they have no clue about this pitcher. But —" I said, holding up a hand to stop his argument, "I have a food item with me that will keep you from being hungry for a long time." His face went greedy. "What is this?" I brought out the baggie of ambrosia. "This. He stared at the bar I gave him, suspicious. "Is this poison you give me, half-blood?" "No," I said. "Look." I ate a chunk. "Hmm," he said. Then he opened his mouth, raised the godly food to his lips, and… Popped it in. He chewed, chewed, swallowed. He smiled. "This is delicious, demigod. I thank you." "Oh, don't thank me just yet," I said. He frowned. "What?" Then in a pillar of flame, he burst into dust. "At least, I don't think monster are hungry in Tartarus," I said. I ran to Becca and Phil. I dragged them to the car, being a fit young demigod. Fine. Annabeth had to help me. And we took two trips. "What about Mestra?" I said, looking at her still-unconscious body by the door. Annabeth stared at her. "Leave her," she decided. "Perhaps she is a good monster." We got in the car, dropped Becca and Phil off at the Pitcher with a good amount of Mist, and drove to Camp. "Well," I said. "Typical demigod date." "It was great, Seaweed Brain," she said, smiling. She kissed me. She was right. It was.