"and enough of an adrenaline rush to pull it off…" She pondered about it. "The last time I did something like that was with the Minotaur..." "And you pulled that off because you were scared and let your impulses take over right?" "Angry." "What?" Archimedes frowned. "I thought that my mom had just been killed and that he was about to kill my best friend too; I was angry not scared." He nodded. "I don't know exactly how you did it, but I'm thinking that if you channel all your impulses and adrenaline into it, you might manage it. Got that?" Nodding, she was about to try again, but Archimedes grabbed her shoulder. He grinned and gestured to himself. "Might work better if you try with a real target." She smiled and walked back a couple of steps before she closed her eyes and let her impulse and whatever adrenaline that remained in her body take over. And then she stepped forward and leaped. Placing a hand on his shoulder, she vaulted over him and she somersaulted at thrice mid-air. Preparing for the land, she bent her knees and her feet touched the ground, the impact making her knees protest. She looked up grinning like a maniac. Normal people wouldn't be able to do that sure (without intense training); but she was a demigod. And as the offspring of gods and humans the word 'impossible' is no longer valid. And then like a normal person, she freaked out. Jumping around happily, she let her hyperactive side take over and dropped her sword successfully without cutting herself open. "Did you see that?!" she asked Archimedes, throwing her arms about. He laughed and nodded. "That was awesome! I actually just did that!" then her tone soured and she glared at him, "Why didn't you record that! That was probably one of the best things that I've ever done!" "Are you sure it's one of the best things?" he chuckled, probably thinking of all of her triumphs. Nodding hyperactively, she spun around and jumped around wildly, trying to rid herself of the excitement. When Percie turned back to say something else stupidly excitable, she froze at the smile on his face. It was soft and kind and almost un-Archimedes-like if it hadn't been for the fact that she'd seen his soft side before. She liked him best when he was soft and goofy. So like any normal person; she tackled him into a hug. He almost toppled over, but managed to regain his balance and hug her back with another little laugh, his armour making it a bit awkward. Looking up at him, she kept her dopey grin plastered on her face and he returned it. Gods , his smile was cute. Suddenly realising their proximity, Percie jumped out of his arms, cheeks warm and tucked some hair behind her ear out of habit. Glancing over at the others, a few looked over to the briefly, most of them with tiny smirks on their faces before they struck at their opponent again. She frowned and when Percie met eyes with Malcom, he just gave her this look that told her that he knew everything. Cheeks reddening, she turned away so he couldn't see the embarrassing colour on her face. "I have to go." Percie heard the frown in his voice. "There's still another few minutes of sword-training left." "I have to meet up with someone." "Who?" there was something sharp in his voice that almost made it sound more like a demand than a question. "Grover; I have to talk to him about something." Archimedes looked almost hurt and she winced. "It's just something that I can only talk to Grover about." "And that is?" She needed to think quickly so she blurted out the first thing that came to her head. "Period stuff!" Percie felt the need to crawl in a hole and die. He spluttered. "What?" "He knows tons about it for some weird reason," gods, where was that hole when she needed it? "Maybe nymphs and other godly creatures have them –I don't know-, but he's really nice to talk to about it. Gotta go, bye!" And she grabbed her sword and sprinted out of the arena. Using her Empathy link, she attempted to send Grover a wave of distress as she ran into the forest and sat by Juniper's tree. Apparently it worked when he came rushing into the clearing looking extremely worried. When he saw her sitting quietly with Juniper rubbing her back, he sighed in relief and sat next to her. "What did you do?" "I'm an idiot!" Juniper pulled her into a hug as she freaked out, trying to calm her. Grover started patting her back too. "From the beginning." And she told him, his girlfriend hitting him when he burst into hysterics. Percie glared at him as he kept guffawing. "You're the worst best friend ever." "At least you're not in love with me too." To say the least, she spent a good fifteen minutes chasing him around the clearing, Juniper trying to get him to shut up as sweetly as possible, but when he started singing 'Percie loves Archimedes' she joined Percie quite happily, yelling out curses in Ancient Greek that 1) didn't make sense and 2) should never be repeated ever again. The worst part was that she knew that he was speaking the truth. Gods, he speaking the truth. A/N Apologies for any people who were hoping that my next update would be a HTTYD fic, but I've loved this franchise since I was 10. I suffered through waiting an entire year for House of Hades and Blood of Olympus to come out, so I can somewhat sympathize for the people who read the first Percy Jackson book in 2005 and bought the new book every year. But I've always loved Percabeth and genderbend is sort of my thing so I hope you enjoyed this and will read the next chapter! -Blue