'wrong' with them. At least, that was what happened with Leo. He didn't pay attention when Piper was introducing herself, seeing as he already knew who she was. As she spoke, he tapped on the floor wit his fingers nonstop, his nervous energy building up inside of him and trying to find an outlet. "Leo. Leo. LEO!" Leo snapped back to the present. "Huh?" "It's your turn," Ms Amanda said through gritted teeth. Her smile was getting more and more forced by the minute, like she was regretting her decision of becoming a counsellor for 'troubled children'. Leo stood up awkwardly. "Erm...hey. My name's Leo Valdez, I'm fifteen, going on sixteen, and I'd rather not say why I'm here." Ms Amanda smiled widely, looking somewhat sinister. "Now don't be silly, dear! Tell them why you were sent here." Leo gritted his teeth and ground them together. "I'd rather. Not. Say." Ms Amanda sighed, and said, "If you insist..." She faced the rest of the kids in the room. "Leo is possibly more troubled than the rest of you. His father left him when he was just a little kid, and when he was eight, he burned down his house and killed his mother." Leo could feel all eyes in the room on him, some looking shocked, some looking concerned, but he was too busy trying to keep the voices in his head under control... No, no, no...Don't, no, please don't... They didn't listen. Leo was in his mother's garage. His mother said, "Leo, pass Mommy the box of matches, will you?" Leo raced to the table which the matches were on. He grabbed them, and pulled one out. "Mama, can I light it for you?" "Of course. Just be careful." Leo carefully selected one matchstick and struck it against the side of the box. It caught fire, and he stared at the flame, transfixed. His mother's sharp tone snapped him out of his trance-like state. "Leo! Drop the match." Leo hadn't noticed that the fire had burned all the way down, almost touching his fingers. He dropped it quickly, and watched the fire snuff out. He pulled out a new matchstick, lit it, and passed it to his mother. As he watched her work, he failed to notice that a single red-hot part of the dropped matchstick was beginning to smoulder. After that, Leo didn't remember much. Only short flashed of memories. His mother's voice, shouting, "Leo! Run! Get out of the house!" Then, himself crying, asking, "Where's Mama?" Finally, a police officer saying, "Sorry, lad. Your mother didn't make it." When Leo came to, he hadn't realised that he had even passed out to begin with. He opened his eyes and saw the concerned faces of Jason and Percy hovering over him. Groggily, he sat up. "What...happened?" Jason opened his mouth to reply. "I dunno, man. Ms Amanda told us about...that...and the you were kind of whispering to yourself, rocking back and fourth curled up in a ball for a while. You looked like Percy the first few nights after his...ordeal." Percy opened his mouth indignantly, most likely to argue, but Jason cut him off. "Then, you...you blacked out." "Oh." Leo shook his head like he was trying to shake the damn memories away. He looked around. Nico was sitting in a corner, staring silently at Leo. Piper, Rachel, and Hazel were talking together, and Annabeth was behind Percy. Ms Amanda was nowhere to be found. "Where's Ms Amanda?" Annabeth answered, "She went to go look for the nurse. No-one's ever fainted during these sessions before." Again, Percy opened his mouth. Annabeth corrected herself. "No-one besides Percy." Nico let out a cough. Annabeth sighed, "No-one since Percy." Percy looked at Leo and opened his mouth to say something. Before, though, he paused and looked around, as if waiting for some one to interrupt him again. When no one did, he said, "What she did was wrong. It wasn't right for her to talk about what happened with you. That goddamn lady has no sense of privacy whatsoever. She was the same with me, and everyone else here. The only thing that she hasn't been able to get anything out of is Nico." Leo glanced at the younger boy, who looked back at him emotionlessly. Leo had to admit, he admired the younger boy's defiance. "Anyways," Jason concluded, "No matter what, you're part of out group now. We're gonna stick together." Leo smiled at him. "Thanks." "No problem." Jason stood up and offered Leo a hand, who accepted it. Percy got up too. "I'm going to use the bathroom." He said. "If Ms Amanda comes back before we do, tell her for us?" We? Leo thought. Annabeth got up and followed Percy out of the room. Leo turned towards Jason, curiosity written all over his face. Jason answered his unspoken question. "You know how Percy has PTSD?" Leo nodded. "Well...he does. And it's really severe. He can't really go without touching, hearing, or seeing Annabeth for too long. She's the only thing that's keeping him sane." Oh. Leo thought. He wondered what on earth could have possibly happened to Percy to make him that bad, and then decided he didn't want to know. "Then...what about...when he sleeps?" Leo asked. "For a while, he didn't." Jason answered. "Obviously, he couldn't go so long without sleep, so his mother and Annabeth's parents arranged it. Now they sleep together." Leo choked. "Oh, no, it's not like that," Jason added hastily. "It's...not like that..." He said weakly. "Mm-hm. And how do you know all this?" "Oh. Percy's my cousin, as well as Nico. All our fathers are brothers." "Small world." "You could say that. Our family has a...history." Leo grinned. "Well, your life can't be any more messed up than mine!" Jason grinned back. "Yeah, I guess so." Aaaaand...CUT! Scene! A bunch of other movie-director words that I forgot! Well, that chapter was relatively long, so, you're welcome. Enjoy. See you next time :)