turn right, and go straight down, you'll reach another set of double doors, that leads to the gym and then another set not too far off that lead to the locker rooms, and PE and dance. And if you walk past those double doors, towards the end, all the way in the back is the library. You just have to pass a second set of double doors which lead to the band room and ROTC classes. Now, the first floor is for electives, such as art, choir, technology, mechanics, cosmo and things like that. The second floor is for History and different language classes, such as Spanish, and Italian and French. The third floor is for English and Math and the fourth floor is for science and it has all of these lab rooms on that floor. All in all, this school was designed to be pretty easy to navigate through." They kept on walking as Margo talked about the school not being as bad as it sounds from the outside as Percy took in the information. "Oh, a warning, don't go to the fourth floor alone unless you have permission from a teacher and a teacher knows you're going to be there okay?" Margo said seriously as she looked at Percy in the eye. "Why?" Percy asked, his eyebrows furrowing. "Because around this school, there's a guy who's the self-proclaimed king. And he rules on fear. He wasn't always king, there used to be a queen and after she left, he took control and controlled other mindless idiots to join him. So because of how many people he has working under him now, he rules the school. Stay away from the fourth floor unless you have a legitimate excuse for being there because that's where he and his people meet up and plan things. " Margo explained. Percy gave her a quizzical look, not fully understanding this whole king and queen thing. "Huh? Queen? What kind of school is this? A kingdom or something?" "It's a monarchy, always has been, always will be," Margo sighed as she said that. "Please explain, I'm completely lost." "See, this school has always had a queen or a king, because these kids, they're delinquents you think they give a rat's ass about the adults in charge? No, they don't. So, the principal a long time ago made a deal with a person who was well known and well feared throughout the school to become some form of leader, and control these delinquents. This person would sort of deal with the problems, for example, if a fight broke out between two people, they would go before the queen or king and they would hear out both sides, once both sides were heard the king or queen would decide how to resolve it and then put restrictions on both parties until they learned their lesson." To Percy it all sounded weird and like nonsense. This school literally ran like some form of government. "I know, it sounds weird but it worked, the school barely had any fights break out after the system was put in place and we actually got along. Sure, not many really liked it but when the leader in charge had fearsome and strong people working under them, no one went against them. Back then, a girl named Bianca used to be queen, but ever since she left Triton took charge and well, he rules on fear. He's very cruel actually... and the principal has tried many times to get others to overthrow him because the school is becoming a wreck once more; others join solely for the violence that comes with beating up others, but he's feared throughout here... well except by one group. It's small and constantly getting into fights with Triton's Kingsmen; that's what his best fighters call themselves," at that Margo snorted. "It's coincidentally Bianca's little brother. He's been trying to take back the throne although, he seems a bit hot headed..." Percy could not believe what he was hearing. In what world did these delinquents even live in? This sounded like something from a show or a book or an... anime or... This could not be real, could it? "Come on, first period is going to end in like 45 minutes, let's get you there." Percy followed Margo to the third floor, he had English. "Well, I'll see you after this class, I need to show you your locker. Bye." With that, Margo left and Percy looked after her. She was a bit of an odd girl but she seemed nice enough to be a friend... Percy opened the door to his first class and walked in. The teacher stopped in the middle of her lecture. "Hello, and who are you?" "I'm Percy Jackson. I'm new here." "Hello Percy, I'm Ms. Perrine, please come in, let's see, where can you sit down?" Ms. Perrine looked around the room and found an empty seat. "Oh! You can sit next to Nico di Angelo, Nico, raise your hand please." Percy looked over and saw a boy with shaggy, inky black hair, pale skin and dark brown eyes that had bags under them. He looked skinny and he rolled his eyes as he held up his hand. Percy made his way towards the seat beside him and sat down. He looked at the boy named Nico and stared at him. Said boy looked back at Percy and glared until Percy looked away. The boy actually had a terrifying glare and Percy thought that he may have looked skinny but that didn't stop him from being dangerous. All that Percy had learned from Margo was killing his head, this whole school worked like a system from the olden times. Like a monarchy and it was ridiculous. It seemed completely crazy. Percy briefly wondered what had he gotten himself into... And so! That is a wrap! Do you like the idea for this story? Let me know and R&R! Thanks for reading!