out. She's got this mug of hot chocolate and there's this packet of jelly beans beside her. Roman Holiday is coming on the TV and Reyna's so glad she decided to stay back. There are also these rain drops on her window, with the backdrop of the city lights, and Reyna is quite sure she hasn't seen anything this pretty for a long time. She's staring at the rain fall when the doorbell rings and she's shaken out of her stupor. Reyna doesn't usually have visitors, and she's taken surprised. You can't trust anything these days, so she grabs a knife from the kitchen and hides it under her robe. The surprise before is nothing compared to the one standing in front of her now. He's dripping wet, with his clothes clinging to his lean frame. His hair, without his curls, doesn't seem quite in place. He's wide-eyed, possibly as surprised as her. He's shivering as well, and, he's also hoping that's because of the cold. She frozen to her spot, and it takes her a few moments to come back to her senses and let him in. She hands him a towel and lets him dry off while she's busy preparing a warm drink, and something to eat. Jelly beans are going to be of no help in this situation. He's sitting on the couch when she comes out with something warm, and absolutely delicious. For the first few minutes, he's hogging down the food, at an inhumane rate. Reyna doesn't have to worry about speaking for then. But, when he finishes, something is stuck in Reyna's throat. He's the first to speak up, "Sorry about barging in so abruptly." He's got some crumbs around his lips. "It's okay." Is it? Reyna's heartbeat is elevating and she's short of words at the moment. It's silent for a few minutes, until he tells her he has no place to go. And she remembers that night, on her roof, all those years ago. How he lifted her. He's her Achilles Heel . And she's his Achilles Heel. It's been a few weeks now. They've somehow managed to put up with each other. Truth be told, he's begun to grow on her. Again. She hadn't realized how much she missed those corny jokes and those absolutely terrible puns. (Because she laughs so hard, and also, snorts. How very unladylike.) They're sitting on her couch right now, and she's laughing so hard at a joke he's just made. She's got tears in her eyes now. God, she can't remember the last time she laughed like this. It's been too long. And suddenly, everything is quiet and Reyna takes an embarrassingly long time to realize that. Reyna's about to speak up because they've gone past the awkward silences part. (Apparently not.) And then, Leo drops the bomb. He's telling her everything, rapidly, like, he's kept it in for too long. He probably has. She's sitting there, and part of her expected this. Yet, she's surprised. He turns to look at her, his eyes huge and pleading. He's expecting a reply , she realizes. My, you're a sharp one, aren't you Reyna? There's a break in between, when they're just staring at each other, and Reyna decides it's been long enough. She smiles. And it's not large, blinding. It's quite small really. Yet, Leo knows it genuine, and he's smiling as well. A smile that doesn't look him. Not crazy or wild or too bright. It's the one she's seen before. Countless times, most of the time, it's for her. God, it's been long she's seen this smile, as well. It's been a long time since anything ever happened, really. They're standing there, on the roof. On that spot. He's got his arm around her. Just like always. The only difference this time is, that along with her and Leo, there's someone else as well. This little head of brown curls, and a grin, which is only half full. He only reaches up to Leo's knee, and Reyna's mid thigh. She's looking at him now. And he's grinning up at her, and Reyna smiles back. She turns to see Leo looking at both of them with such affection in his eyes, Reyna's about to cry because it's so wonderfully overwhelming. The fireworks this time have been prepared by Leo and his team. Hephaestus is old now, yet he still stands strong and proud. Reyna strongly appreciates that. She's got respect for him. Reyna looks back to all those years, those memories that they shared here. And she looks at the both of them now, her boys, and Reyna can't help but think that it was all worth it. Those tears and laughs. It's been a long journey, sure. But she couldn't ask for anything more. The countdown has begun. Everyone is chanting, thanking, praying. They've survived this long, all of them. It's something to be proud of. The fireworks are a blast, and Jorge is laughing and jumping up and down. (He's as hyper as his dad.) And suddenly, the clock strikes twelve. "Happy New Year, Leo." AN: Hey y'all. So how was that? Was it too long? God, I hope it's nice. My self-esteem is awfully low, forgive me. Anyway, this was something based off scenarios I invented in my classes. Biology gets boring after some point. In my scenarios though, Reyna is actually me and Leo is this incredibly good looking guy, somewhat like Will Herondale. (A girl is allowed to dream, okay.) Also, this was written at 11 in the night. So, forgive me for any mistakes. I will definitely edit it later, but do let me know my mistakes. For those of you who did like it, thank you so much. I literally cannot express my love and gratitude for you through words. Sometimes, even words aren't enough. And to those who didn't like it, let me know where I went wrong, but constructive criticism, please. Okay, bye loves. Take care.