being punished for their decision to place him as King. "All against?" Hades and Hestia raised their hands but Zeus merely shrugged. "The decision for banishment is granted," His throne which was now in Zeus' former spot vanished and disappeared. "You are no longer an Olympian brother." Zeus said as Perseus' throne dissolved into darkness, his power however did not weaken as Zeus had expected, his aura pulsed with the same power as before, he paused for a moment, irritated slightly. "Now for the next vote, all in favor of Perseus' being banished to Tartarus for his crimes against this council?" Perseus' eyes widened in shock at Zeus' words, he could barely believe that he was banishing him from Olympus and now he wanted to throw him into Tartarus this was absolutely preposterous and outrageous. "Crimes?" Hades voice rang out. "What crimes?" Zeus merely chuckled, as if the thought amused him to no end. "His crimes against the prosperity of Olympus, he is a tyrant, an exact replica of our father..." "Enough!" He bellowed as he rose, this time the shadows morphed around the god of the underworld until he stood there in pitch black armor, his helm of darkness once again on his head and his black staff held tightly in his hands. The Olympians shivered as the temperature dropped. Despite this Poseidon rose from his throne and raised his trident to attack Hades, but the god was faster and slammed the butt of his staff against the side of the trident and knocked the prongs away before slamming the rod like a baseball bat into Poseidon's skull. The god of the sea collapsed backwards onto his throne and Hades barely had enough time to dodge half a dozen volley of silver and gold arrows. He knocked them out of the sky and went forward to attack the moon goddess but Hera rose from her throne and sent a blast of godly energy that caught him off guard and knocked him off of his feet. Hephaestus and Apollo quickly disarmed him and bound him in chains next to Perseus. "We shall deal with you later, traitor." Zeus spat in hatred and anger at Hades. "Now as I was saying, all for Perseus' banishment to Tartarus?" He asked. Immediately Hera, Demeter and Zeus rose their hands, Aphrodite and Hephaestus joining seconds later. His eyes turned to his two nieces and one nephew who had not yet raised their hands. Athena, Artemis and Apollo followed soon after. Their arms shakily being raised and their eyes quite uncertain. He could see the fear and sadness in their eyes but he could not bear to see any of this council ever again. "All opposed?" Only Hestia raised her hand, her eyes shining bright as tears dripped down her face. From what he could tell, Athena and Artemis were barely holding back tears and Apollo was as well. "Very well, the council has decided Perseus, for treason against the gods your punishment is Tartarus for all eternity." Zeus rose from his throne and snapped his fingers and a ten foot by ten foot hole appearing a few feet before the former King of the gods. An entrance that went all the way to Tartarus itself. Zeus went to speak again, but Perseus spoke before he could. "You have made your greatest mistake Zeus." He hissed his name like a curse. "You shall pay for what you have done, Olympus shall pay." He bellowed in a voice that shook Olympus to its foundations and nearly knocked the Olympians from their thrones. "This I swear, I swear by the River Styx." Thunder boomed loudly in the distance and all of the Olympians were stunned. This was the first time that any had swore an oath to the river of the Underworld and many were confused as to what it exactly entailed. Perseus' eyes gleamed in promise as he shakily rose despite the chains, his eyes glaring defiantly into his youngest brothers. "You shall fall before me," He bellowed with a psychotic laugh, garnering looks of surprise from every Olympian. The normally calm and collected King of the gods seemed ready to explode. "And you shall realize that it is all your fault." He sneered. Zeus' eyes widened in surprise at Perseus' promise. Then he smiled, one that sent chills down each and every god and goddesses backs, except for his eldest brother. "I shall make it impossible for you to do so, you shall be erased from history. Your name, your feats and accomplishments shall be warped. You will never be remembered or thought of by anyone, immortal or mortal. Your name shall never be uttered shall never be uttered in these halls." He paused and his eyes brightened at the look of shock on Perseus' face. "You will become nothing and be forced to fade as we erase you from history. From now on, there are only six children of Kronos and Rhea." "Enjoy Tartarus, brother." Zeus spat. Perseus laughed psychotically, his body shaking as the chains wrapped around him jingled from his movements. With one final breathe before he fell into the pit, he uttered his last words. A promise. One that chilled the gods and goddesses in their thrones, regret seeping through their veins but it was far too late. The deed was done and they had all sealed their fates. "Olympus will fall." This is a rewrite to my first story Return of the Dead King. Much will be different and I hope the story and plot will be far better than the other. I thank you for all the support and please favorite and review. The more support I get the more I feel like writing. I truly love to write, but with my hectic schedule it has become very hard for me to do so and the only way I will continue is if I get support from the fantastic readers out there. Thank you all and I appreciate it.