you should play airplane with us," Jake said. "Airplane?" "Yeah, you pick us up and then fly us around like an airplane!" "Did your dad teach you that?" Nico said tiredly. "Nope! Mama did!" Nico shrugged and stood up. He scooped Jake up and threw the boy in the air before spinning. The boy was laughing as Nico spun him. Nico set Jake down and grabbed Bianca next, repeating the process. Will laughed as he saw the text from Nico. He quickly texted back with a 'Hang in there. Just got off work. Omw.' He got in his car and threw his phone onto the passenger seat, and started towards Nico's apartment. As he walked to the door, he heard laughing and screaming, Will narrowed his eyes and started to unlock the door with the key he'd been given. He froze in the doorway at the sight in front of him. "Nico!" Will exclaimed. Nico was lying on the floor, tossing kids in the air. Nico stopped and looked up. As did the other kids. "Will!" One of them screamed and ran over, grabbing onto Will's jeans. "Hey Jake," Will said, picking up the kid. "Will," Nico said, grinning at Will, which was a sight most would find heart attack worthy. "You weren't kidding," Will said, walking in and closing the door behind him. "No I wasn't, I didn't know you were coming." "I texted you." "Oh, Jessica is sat on my phone," Nico said, pointing over at a cat. "... THat's a cat." "No, That's Jessicat, Frank Zhangs kid. Don't ask me. I don't know." "OOokay," Will said, looking around. "You got everyone's kids?" "Yeaaaah," Nico said, sitting up, Will balanced Jake on his hip. "Kids, why don't you finish the movie while Uncle Will and I have a talk," Nico said, giving Luke to his older sister before standing. "OK!" Silena exclaimed, sitting down on the floor in front of the tv and starting the movie again. Will set down Jake only for the kid to go running away. Nico motioned for Will to follow him into the kitchen. "I'm sorry, Nic, you know I would've taken the kids if I wasn't working." "I know, Will. It's okay," Nico said wrapping his arms around Will's neck. Will in turn wrapped his arms around Nico's waist and kissed his forehead. "They haven't been much of a trouble have they?" "Oh terribly. Jake ruined my game of Battlefront, I had to order Pizza, which I think there is some still left by the way, And they won't be back for the kids for another….. hour or so," Nico said, leaning into Will. "I'm sorry babe," the doctor said, tilting Nico's head up and gently kissing him. Nico sighed lightly and relaxed against Will. When they pulled away Nico moved his arms around Will chest and hugged the man tightly. "I love you Nico," Will said, smiling. "I love you too, Will," Nico murmured, hugging Will tightly. "Uncle Nico!" A kid shouted, causing Nico to groan. "The DvD won't work!" "I got this," Will said, pulling away from Nico. Will walked away into the living room. Nico followed after a bit. "Well kids, look like the DvD's shot. I guess Uncle Nico scratched it too much," Will said, looking at the dvd. "You're the only reason I own that!" Nico exclaimed, walking up. "I know," Will said, grinning. "Okay. Kids. Who wants to wrestle with Uncle Will?!" Nico asked, all the kids cheered and tackled Will, causing him to fall backwards, Nico had just enough time to grab the Dvd before Will fell to the ground. Nico laughed and went to sit on the couch and rock the crying Luke back to sleep. Before he knew it, there was a knock at the door. Nico jumped up and ran to get it. He threw open the door to the sight of Jason and Piper. "OH You beautiful people!" Nico exclaimed. "Jake, Maria! Your mom and dad are here!" "Awww!" Came from the living room, but soon, little feet were heard, and Maria and Jake jumped on their parents. Jason went to pay Nico but the man promptly refused. "As annoying as they are you know I would never let you pay me," Nico said, "besides, how would I take it, Luke is hogging my hands." Jason just laughed, said hi to Will and thanked Nico before leaving. Nico shut the door and started walking back to the couch when there was another knock. Nico raised a brow and walked back to the door, this time greeted by Percy and Frank. "Hello," he said, holding Luke out to Percy. "Thanks," Percy said, taking the baby. "Come on in while I get the others," Nico said, leaving the door open and walking back into the living room. "Will, they're here for their kids." "Daddy!" Silena exclaimed, jumping up and running to Percy and hugging his leg. "Where's mine?" Frank asked, looking around. "Uhhhh, Jessicat? Shee's, right here! Still sitting on my phone," Nico said, scooping up the cat and his phone, he gave the kid to Frank while looking at his notifications. "Wow," he said and set down the phone. Once the kids things were collected and they were sent off, Nico and Will collapsed on the couch. Nico leaning against Will tiredly. "You're pretty good with kids, Nic," Will said, lightly kissing Nico's temple. "Thanks Will," Nico said before yawning. "I have an idea. How bout I stay here tonight?" Will asked. "I don't have to work till noon tomorrow anyway." Nico smiled. "That'd be nice." "Come on then. Let's go to bed," Will said, standing and pulling Nico up. Will led Nico to the bedroom and sneakily stole a pair of Nico sweatpants, as was their habit. After they had both changed, they crawled into bed, Nico nestled against Will's chest. "I love you, Nico," Will murmured, kissing Nico's head. "I love you too, Will," Nico murmured back, before falling asleep.