with the spirit of the Little Tiber." The underworld goddess said calmly "He was quite proud when he 'washed away' my blessing," she snorted in derision "as if he could simply remove a blessing as powerful as the one I bestowed upon you. I removed it temporarily to prevent problems but I was fully able to return it during the battle…albeit with a new mortal point.". "A new point?" he asked confused before shaking his head "And how would that work? Annabeth is what bound me to humanity, how can I have the mark of Achilles without…without her?". "I can move your mark to a new point if I wish to and I decided to move yours," she explained before looking down and continuing in a softer voice "and as for Annabeth…you still have your memories of her don't you? All the joy and love she brought to you? The hopes and dreams that the two of you fought so hard for? That is what anchors you to humanity Perseus.". Shaking his head he turned to ask one last question "And where is my new mortal point?". Even with her somber smile he saw a mischievous twinkle enter her eye at his question, "Your new mortal point, young hero, is the wrist of your left arm.". "My LEFT arm?!" he exclaimed, sure that he must have misheard her "But that's…". "The arm that you lost fighting Gaea." Styx finished sadly "It is still a part of your being in a sense and as such I was able to make that your mortal point. No weapon shall ever pierce your flesh again, nor any other form of injury. The only way for you to die now is from old age, poison, dehydration, starvation, or suffocation.". "Why?" he asked, unable to even comprehend what he was just told "Why would you do this?". "Because you deserve it Perseus," the goddess said softly "you are a good Hero, a good person, and a good man. I wanted to make sure you could live your life the way you wanted to.". He didn't say anything after that, he simply stared at the water in silence as he took in what she told him. The goddess of the Styx wasn't bother though, she just stayed where she was and stared at the water with him, both of them simply enjoying the silence. As he stood there he thought about his encounter with Sloan and Bobofit, and how back when he was still new to this world he had needed Grover, Annabeth, and Tyson to watch his back and protect him when things got rough…but a lot of demigods didn't have that. As he turned to face the Styx he saw in her eyes that she knew what he was going to ask…and that she was proud of his decision. "Lady Styx," he asked softly "may I request one final thing from you?". "You wish for partial immortality," she said, not answering his question "you wish to never age or get sick…you wish to be able to protect your fellow demigods for eternity.". "Yes," he said softly "I have lost the chance for my dream to become true…but I can make sure that the dreams of my family will live on.". "Very well my champion," Styx said softly before she leaned forward and kissed his lips softly for the briefest of moments before she pulled back as he stood there, stunned still in shock "you now have that and the ability to sense other demigods. Good luck my hero." She said softly before vanishing into a sea breeze and drifting away in the wind. That night he returned home and explained to his mom that he would be moving around a lot but would call in as often as he could before he left. -No P.O.V- One month after the end of the Giant War and the demigod camps were very sullen and quite. Nobody had seen their greatest Hero, Perseus Jackson, since he had left his family's home one night and all attempts to contact him had failed. Then, one day, at Camp Half-Blood the border guard blew the signal horn at the sight of two individuals walking towards the camp undeterred. As everyone gathered at the boundary they saw a man in a hooded black cloak that revealed nothing about who he was walking alongside a small ten year old demigod with black hair and amber eyes. The man with the cloak had stopped a few feet away from the boundary but urged the other demigod along and, once the demigod had crossed over, the cloaked man had vanished in a swirl of shadows. When they asked the demigod who the man was they were told "I don't know. He saved me from the monsters and told me about this place. He said was safe…and he gave me this.". At that point the child had pulled out a pen and clicked it…causing it to turn into the familiar bronze sword Riptide. The campers quickly realized that the cloaked man was Percy and told the new demigod about the original owner of the sword as the Hunters of Artemis were called and told about what happened so they could find Percy. Eight days later Lupa stood by the Praetor's of New Rome as a new demigod crossed the little Tiber to join them...while carrying the golden gladius that had been given to Perseus Jackson upon his promotion to Praetor. As the years went on both demigods became powerful heroes as they tried to live up to the legend of the man who wielded their swords before them. And, upon their death's, the blades vanished only to be given to new demigods who always told the same story. About how a one armed man in a black cloak had saved them and brought them somewhere safe. Perseus Jackson may no longer be whole…but he would spend eternity to make sure his family wouldn't share his fate.