that Annabeth and Percy had been invited as well, but they had declined to stay with Sarah as she was still recovering from her life-saving treatment. They did send their well-wishes and Piper was floored. She snuck a glance at Jason. Every close friend she had was either here or had the intention to be here, all thanks to him, and she was once again amazed by his generosity. The group of them: Piper, Leo, Hazel, Jason, Frank, and Nico, had spent their afternoon at the beach. After exhausting themselves just letting loose and being young, Hazel insisted that she make dinner for everyone. Frank ended up helping her, but Piper ended up playing cards with the others while they waited. Despite the time it took to make, Hazel's food was delicious and Piper praised her for her hard work. Everyone had turned in at different times in the evening, as no one was quite over their jet lag yet, but Piper found herself unable to sleep. It was just past midnight when she wandered out onto the main balcony, a sweater pulled around her tightly. She watched the waves below the villa crash against the cliffs and the beach and she studied the moon as it cast a full reflection against the water. Along with the moon and the stars, she stared at the large, bright smudge in the sky. It was the asteroid. Though it had been tiny at first, it was large now, as big as the moon, and there was really no way to deny the fact that there would be contact made soon. She supposed it was pretty–it gave a nice contrast against the sky–but Piper couldn't help but be reminded of all the pain and damage it would cause and the inevitability of human extinction. She wasn't left alone on the balcony long, as Jason found her staring at the sky a few minutes later. "Thinking about something?" he interrupted. Piper glanced at him. He was wearing his glasses and his hair was a little messy, but his eyes were still very blue. "I guess," she admitted. "I was thinking about how small we are." Jason looked up at the sky. "Well, when you see something like that, it does tend to put it in perspective, doesn't it?" She nodded. "That's another thing travelling does too, I've noticed," he continued. "It gives you those moments where you really know that you're just one person in a world of seven billion and you're just so small." He leant forwards and braced his hands against the railing. Piper smiled and stepped closer to him, brushing her hand against his. "I can see that, but it also reminds you that even though you're one in a billion, you're also loved by some pretty amazing people, and that's pretty cool." "So you're amazing?" Jason asked, his tone teasing. Piper froze and looked at him. He was looking at her and his eyes were bright and warm and she could faintly smell the ocean on him from earlier, but there was something bubbling between them. She knew exactly what it was. She had been feeling it for Jason for some time, but this was the first moment that she was realising that he felt exactly the same. She stared at him dumbly, brain fried. Desperately, Piper tried to think of how to reply, but there were no words to describe the thoughts sprinting through her mind. Somewhere in the back of her mind, someone, probably everyone, was screaming at her to kiss him, so she did. They melded together and Piper's hands cupped Jason's face, pulling him close. His arms wound around her waist, keeping her flush against him. She pulled back, breathing heavily, and looked at him through heavily lidded eyes. There were still sparks between them and the moonlight glinted off his glasses. Piper laughed giddily and Jason leant down to meet her lips again. He was warm and she was cold, but the electricity of the moment kept them bonded together perfectly. When they finally pulled back, Piper's arms slid around Jason's neck and she stared at him. Her chest was heaving and he looked pretty out of breath himself. "I've been waiting way too long to do that," she said softly. Jason smiled. "I agree." They said nothing for another moment, just holding each other in the moonlight. "Piper," Jason began slowly, looking straight into her soul, "do you want to go home?" She assumed he meant back to LA, but with the moon glinting above them on Italian soil, and the world scheduled for demolition in only days, there really was nowhere else that she'd rather be. "No," she confessed. "I'm good here. But, you're the one with family back there, do you want to go home?" Jason reached and brushed aside a strand of her hair. "Home is wherever you are," he said smoothly. Piper smiled at him and leant up, brushing their noses gently. "This is living," she told him. "And I guess we're all dying," Jason replied. Author's Note: It's finally finished! This is my piece for the PJO/HOO Big Bang on Tumblr. It's been a long time in the making and a lot of work has gone into it. I had the chance to work with some amazing people during this time and it was truly one of the greatest experiences I've had as a writer. I want to thank preciouschildrenofolympus for all her support during the writing process and for making some beautiful accompanying art. Find either of us on Tumblr and please check it out! I hope you enjoyed this work, and another huge thank you to Mari, percyyoulittleshit on Tumblr, for working so hard to get this together. I'm sorry it turned out that so many people dropped out, but it was a fantastic experience. WORD COUNT: 12,198 There's another Pokémon one-shot, a third Soulmate AU, coming this way soon too. don't forget to speak up -Nicole