said doing the same, and it was Beckendorf's turn again "Who said-" "You called weapons" Nico said "And I call a fair fight" Percy interrupted "You got the guts to risk that…best man match to slug it out!" Nico stood up and looked at Percy with a good challenging look "I would enjoy to risk that…okay, fair fight!" "Fair fight" Beckendorf said and shook Nico's hand. Then he turned back to Percy "When I'm done with you…you'll be like fish after skinning" he said. Percy's face did a perfect discouraged face, that Nico didn't quiet catch "What's that face?" he said "This is the one I have!" Percy answered. I was the first to crack up from laughing and the others followed in less than a second. From that moment on, rehearsing started to be kind of fun. We had lots of bloopers, and we were enjoying it. In that moment, I was standing up with Percy doing the balcony scene again, only that I was finishing to chew on a sweet while talking. Luke was playing Maria's father at the moment. "Callate!" We both shushed each other. "It is dangerous! If Bernardo knew-" "We won't let him know…I'm not one of them, Maria" "But you are not one of us…and I'm not one of you-" "To ME you are all the beautiful-" I put a hand on his mouth to shush him. "Maruca!" Luke called, that's when the sweet decided to go down my throat without my permission "Si, ya hora vengo, pap-" I managed to swallow the sweet after letting out a chocking sound "Sorry I was choking!" I apologized "We told you not to eat that sweet while you talked!" "Shut it, Seaweed Brain!" "Whatever you say, Wise Girl!" "Hey lovebirds! You two skipped the marriage part!" Silena said. Percy and I rolled our eyes, and began the marriage scene. As we finished, there was another kissing scene. "Can we skip the kissing part?" I asked "No! Nico and I did kissing parts" Thalia began " You do kissing parts" Bianca finished. "They're right! We should practice that again and again…Maria is not very convincing!" Percy said "What? Maria won 1st kissing prize in kindergarten!" I replied. We just laughed again. I noticed Thalia elbowing Luke and so did Silena with Beckendorf and the Di Angelos, so we stopped laughing. Percy then placed his hands on my waist and I placed mine on his shoulders. We were about to start laughing again, so before we did, we gave each other a little nod, I got on my toes and kissed him, as he kissed me back. I knew this was fake kiss, but…I still couldn't help feeling that I kind of liked it "Ok, the scene stopped!" I heard Luke say "The scene stopped! STOPPED! Stop! The scene stopped! Stop, stop, stop!" he said separating us. That's when I realized, that we've been kissing for a while "Okay… what was that?" Bianca said pointing at both of us "Tony and Maria of course!" I said quickly "Yeah" Percy added "Guys! Spare me!" she said "Great acting Annabeth" I heard my dad say as he came back with the boys. Percy's face and mine was deeply red "Dad! Weren't you out with them?" I said pointing at my brothers "Yeah, we just came back and saw this scene" dad said smirking. I just ignored him, but still feeling embarrassed. What the hell is wrong with me? I shouldn't be embarrassed! I was just acting! Or was I? Yes! I was surely too much in the character again! And so was Percy! Everyone said goodbye and left. As everyone left, I went up to my room, and layed on my bed, looking at the ceiling. I suddenly heard my phone ringing. I looked at it and read the message Friday's the big day! Excited? ;-) – Seaweed Brain Yeah! You? – Wise Girl Yeah…you won't hesitate to kiss me next time, right?- Seaweed Brain Only for the show!- W.G. Oh! You're hurting me deep inside! I know you enjoy kissing me!- S.B. In your dreams!- W.G. Speaking of which…good night, Wise Girl- S.B. Goodnight, but…it's 7:30!- W.G. I'm saying it, because I have to go to dinner, and I think I'm not coming out on the balcony because I'm going to pick up Tyson at a birthday party right now, so…I'll just tell you good night right now ;-)- S.B. I'm touched Seaweed Brain :-D!- W.G. He didn't answer anymore. I just layed on my bed smiling like an idiot. Why does he have that effect on me? I'm keeping a secret from him! I should keep some distance! But then, why don't I? "Annabeth! Dinner's ready!" Bobby said popping his head through the door "I'm coming" I said. I got up from the bed and walked to the door ruffling my brother's hair while walking "What's that smile you have on your face?" Bobby asked "What smile?" I said "THAT smile" Matthew said tagging along "I'm not smiling!" I complained "Your sister has been texting with her crush!" dad said. My face was red "It's not true!" "Yes, it is!" "I don't have a crush!" "Yes you do! You have it written on your forehead!" "I do NOT!" "So you HAVE a crush!" "NO!" "Yes, you do!" Bobby said "And it starts with P- and ends with –ercy" Matthew added "Boys, I get ticked off easily when I'm tired! Don't push it!" I snapped "Easy, kids!" dad said "Then, why were you two smooching?" Bobby said smirking "Yeah! Luke also had to separate you! Why did he?" For once I didn't have an answer "Boys, leave her alone! It was just acting! Or was it?" dad said "Of course it was!" I said as we sat down and we began eating. I don't have a crush on Percy! I certainly don't! We're just friends! I still have a secret that I can't tell him! He'll never believe me!