quite sure if it hurts more or less than the first few, because you're still not sure you're feeling any of this. Really, you're not sure you've felt anything since Lacey died. Because Annabeth and Percy and Frank and Reyna and so many other people are dead, and you are hurting. Jason is hurting too. You see it in his eyes in the evening light as you run your fingers down his chest and his arms tighten around you. He's your salvation, but you're both still falling apart. People tend to avoid the both of you. Neither of you are really feeling very sociable anymore, but that's kind of understandable. Jason wakes you up in the middle of the night coughing and you squint at his face in the dark. There's something dark by his lips and your hand brushes the droplet away as you frown. His eyes stare into yours and he's hurting. Maybe it's for the best. Your fingertips trace around his eyes and over his cheekbones and his fingers stroke against your hips. You kiss him anyways, because the world is ending and you love him, so why not. You tell Hazel in the morning. She squeezes your hand and asks you not to go. You can't look her in the eye. All your friends are dead and dying, and you are still planning on leaving her behind. Arguably, you don't have much of a choice. The only thing you really want to donow, is to spend the rest of your days with Jason because neither of youhave many left. - ( HAZEL ) - There are only three people present when you burn Jason and Piper's shrouds. It is you, and some Iris boy with hunched shoulders and a sad smile, and Drew Tanaka who is somehow still alive. You know she and Piper hated each other, but you watch as she lights the beige shroud almost respectfully and gently. Time heals a lot of things. Too many people are dead. You'll be dead soon too. Your chest hurts and there's a throbbing in the base of your skull. A swaying of your balance, a tremble in your knees, and a sad glance to the sky over a camp that is not your home. The first time you died, it was before all your friends and before you were ready, this time you are the last and you have been ready far too long. ALL YOUR FRIENDS ARE DEAD and so are you. - ( LEO ) - The skies seem darker over here, and the ominous feeling in your gut doesn't go away. Calypso's arms are still tight around your waist, and her breath on your ear tickles when she asks if you're okay. But, you're not and you're not exactly sure why. Then you see the camp. Or, what used to be the camp. The buildings look fine, but it's quiet, even from so high up in the air. As you start lowering, your fear intensifies, and Calypso grips you tighter. When you hit the ground, the stench hits you. It's unlike almost anything you've ever smelt, and the only thing that compares is the faint memory of the House of Hades. This smell: this is the smell of death. You leap off your dragon, for once not concerning yourself with Calypso, and your feet hit the familiar earth with hollow, resounding thuds. You stagger forward and the camp is silent. There is no life. There is no welcoming party, no surprise, no excitement from your friends and family. There are no best friends to hurl themselves at you before they break down crying and it feels like home again, because it is too silent . The Apollo cabin is nearby, and you run to it. Surely there must be someone. The door swings open too easily, and the smell of death grows even stronger. You take in the scene of unmoving campers sprawled on bunks, and the eerie glow of the sunlight through the cabin which seems far too happy. One step forward. You recognize the boy lying on one of the beds. His hair is dark and his skin whiter than even you remember it. There's a red stain along his lips. Your heart flickers. The other boy, lying draped across him is familiar too. He used to be bright, but half his soft hair is missing, and his blue eyes stare uselessly at the face of the other boy. Your hands curl into your shirt hem. You know them both, and they're both dead. You turn tail and flee from Apollo's cabin. Calypso is waiting for you outside and she looks concerned, but you can't even make it to her. You collapse to the grass, and sobs grip your body, more violent than they ever have been before. The world didn't wait for you. Your friends couldn't wait for you. You don't have to see them to know. You are LEO VALDEZ, the boy who died and defied the laws of the Underworld, and ALL YOUR FRIENDS ARE DEAD. "Leo," her voice murmurs softly. She knows something is wrong. "Is this your home? Are your friends here?" You look up at the sky and don't try to halt your tears. Your friends were here, but not anymore. A cough cuts through your sobs and you take shaky breaths. There are no words to say. You didn't get to say goodbye to them, and they died thinking they would be joining you soon enough. Your screams echo across the empty, desolate camp. You poor, poor fool. Don't you know there is no such thing as a happy ending for a hero? "show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy." - f. scott fitzgerald Author's Note: Um... So... Angst. Sorry. It was something that just wouldn't get off my mind. You can mostly blame the World War Angst going on over at Tumblr right now. Find me: Tumblr: nicolewrites AO3: nicole_writes