weapon" He pressed another button on his controller and the two snakes slithered to merge together, forming a singIe staff. He picked it up and pointed towards Jason. "You my friend, will lose." He threw the staff like a frisbee at him. Jason shot up his sword when the staff split up into two and slithered around his arms and legs. Jason dropped his sword as he struggled from the snake's grasps. "Dontcha worry, dude. I didn't programmed it to kill, weeell, except for monsters, I guess. But you're a demigod." "Did yo-Did you manage to test this out?" Jason said between breaths, his voice rugged. He dropped to one knee as he try to get himself out of the reptiles. "Yeah! Okay, well kind off. Leo did use his fire powers to get out sooo..." Harley said with a hand under his chin, thinking. With nothing else to think off that moment, he mentally called on his father's powers and zapped the snakes, frying their circuits. The snakes instinctly slithered back together to merge into a staff as smoke come out from the top of it. "Dude! It took me 12 hours to finish that the other day! I didn't get enough sleep!" Harley whined. Jason picked up his bronze sword and strecthed his arms and legs. "Needs more tune up" He was aiming to ran pass Harley, getting the flag when two familiar demigods appeared. "You need to keep up your pace!" "Hang-hang on a moment, beauty queen." he breathed in deeply. "Ain't got time for body building. Gym's aint my style, you know." she rolled her eyes at him. Piper and Leo stood infront of their flag, blocking his chance to get it. Leo wiped off some sweat on his forehead before regaining his posture. "Atleast we made it. Hey Jason!" he greeted him happily. "Dude, he fried Max and Lax." Harley said. "Seriously? Atleast it's easier to fix the circuits than the time I burned it. Charcoal burned" Leo hid his grin. Harley shook his head in defeat and walked past them. "I'M GONNA HELP YOU LATER 'KAY?!" he shouted to Harley. "Okay, so right now we defend our flag" he rubbed his hands together. "Sorry Jason, but we've agreed to win." Piper said with a small smile. It is hard to win against the girlfriend. "Don't worry. I don't plan on holding back either" Jason grinned which they replied the same. Piper sheated out her knife as Leo placed a hand on his waist. "Then it's settled. In 3, 2, 1, ACTION!" Piper ran to him and attacked with her knife. Jason blocked. Piper and Jason smiled as they danced through the clanging of their fight. In their freetime, sometimes Jason teach Piper some skills and tricks she could use with her knife especially for battling monsters. Jason also tried to teach Leo sometimes when he's taking a break from making the Argo II but usually the three of them end up in a situations where real monsters come in and they need to fight for their lives. A normal day for teenagers their age. Leo also backed up Piper with his own weapons. A device on which only he could understand and use. The three of them battled with grins on their faces. When was the last time they had a great time killing each other? That's how you'll know how deep their friendship is. Remembering his times on Camp Jupiter, somehow on the back of his mind he knows that he used to have moments like this. Times when they weren't judging him or criticizing his fighting style. Leo kept on shouting Hiya! Whapow! Kaboogsh! Dundundundun! Whenever he and Piper manage to strike an attack to Jason, where they stiffled their laughs in their swords. Jason was about to strike when Leo and Pipers gaze stayed on their backs. "WHERE'S THE FLAG?!" Leo shouted. They all turned around to their surroundings when they saw they were surrounded by everyone watching them, entertained by their little battle earlier. Clarisse waving the red flag. "We lost?!" Leo shouted "But-but-A-res and Athena cabin haven't fought yet!" "We did, doofus. While fighting, Connor went to get the flag and saw you guys. You didn't even noticed when he was watching." Clarisse said. "You got too engrossed in the fight. Too engrossed, you forgot what you guys were supposed to do in the first place." Annabeth said with her arms crossed, shaking her head with a seriously-people! smile. Piper tried to hide her blush as Leo slumped his shoulders in defeat. I guess he didn't get to use his idea to defeat Clarisse's team (which Jason is also a part of). "Now then, who won again?" Clarisse asked in a high volume as she cupped her right ear. The blue team cheered and wailed as she waved the flag. They marched off to the dining pavillion for the feast as the red team walked behind them. Little bit dissapointed they lost but atleast there's food. Leaving the three of them in the forest. "Seriously! It's your fault dude! You set us up didn't you?!" Leo said as he pointed his finger on Jason. He laughed. "Yeah, I did. When Harley suddenly poped out of nowhere with his robotic snakes, stranggling me to death and you guys show up to fight me. Two to one. Man, I planned it all." he smiled. Leo glared at him. Jason laughed as he wrapped his arms around Leo and Piper's shoulder. Leo still theorizing their lost as Piper held Jason's hand. They laughed as they went towards their way. Jason may have lost his memories of Camp Jupiter, his friends back at home and himself but he didn't regret coming here and meeting with these people. It's them that keeps him going and it's them who's giving him the strength to prevent the war that's coming. They'll just have to fight and win together. Easy peasy like cake. Reviews are welcome :)