if she kissed Jason Grace, she'd remember. Jason laughed and brushed a strand of hair away from her face. "I just wish I could say the same for myself. But, the wanting to snog you part is pretty true on my end too," he admitted. "I'm calling it a night here, but I guess I'll be seeing you around over the break." Jason gave her one last charming smile before he walked away and Piper frowned. A tiny leaf fell from above her head and she looked up: there was a mistletoe plant over her head that was shrivelling up and disappearing. Piper frowned. Not only had he not kissed her, but he had left her sinfully unkissed under the mistletoe. The next morning, Piper was hungover and she honestly didn't remember much of the previous night. She dragged herself up to the Great Hall and practically collapsed into a free seat at the Ravenclaw table and yawned. Reyna and Leo were seated opposite her and Annabeth was nowhere to be found. Reyna laughed at Piper's expression. "Do you need a Pepper-Up?" she offered. Piper stared at her. "Oh my Merlin! Reyna, you are a saviour!" The Ravenclaw girl just laughed and passed Piper a sample of the potion. She downed it quickly and exhaled in relief. Reyna studied her for a moment. "Was it worth it?" Piper shrugged. "I don't know. I had fun, but I don't really remember much of what happened." "Well as I overheard, like a ninja," Leo supplied, "Jason didn't kiss you because he wanted to remember it, but he promised you'd see him during the break." Piper froze. "Wait what? I talked to Jason?" Reyna laughed again. "Piper, you hit on him, hard." Piper groaned and covered her face with her hands. "Oh Merlin smite me now!" "Relax girl," Reyna consoled, he flirted back. "You two were even under the mistletoe together, but he didn't kiss you." An image of Jason's handsome, flushed face flashed across Piper's memories. "I remember that," she mumbled. She straightened up and looked to the Gryffindor table. "I guess I owe him a kiss then." She couldn't spot Jason at the table, but she'd see him sometime over the break and he owed her a snog, preferably more than one. Jason was a coward. He didn't deserve to be in Gryffindor and he really should have been in Hufflepuff. He was avoiding Piper. He remembered everything from the night of the party, but word of mouth told him that Piper didn't remember much. He avoided her, worried that she didn't actually recuperate his feelings. The Saturday after the party was easy enough with all the chaos of people leaving, but in the five days that had followed, it was increasingly difficult. He had to constantly change his meal times and his routes to get places and even avoided hanging out anywhere outside of his common room, just so he wouldn't run into her. It was awkward and yet he felt it was necessary. He was embarrassed. Jason had nearly ruined all his chances with her when he was drunk, and it was completely mortifying. Somehow, he kept avoiding her until Christmas Day itself. Piper had picked up on the fact that he was avoiding her. It was kind of cute, but she was also getting frustrated. All she wanted to do was kiss the dumb boy, but she couldn't even be around him long enough to do so. On Christmas, she was making her way to the Great Hall from the dungeons and she physically collided with him. Jason instinctively grabbed her arms to keep her steady and instantly flushed when he realised that it was Piper he'd collided with. She stepped out of his personal space and studied him. He was wearing his normal uniform, minus the robe, and he held a small wrapped box in one hand. "Delivering presents?" she inquired curiously. Jason shifted his weight from his left foot to his right. "Sorry," he blurted. Piper blinked. "For avoiding you," he elaborated. Piper's lips twitched upwards. "Don't worry about it. It was kind of adorable." "But, yeah, I am delivering presents," Jason continued, his words rushing together. He stopped and took a breath. "This is for you, actually," he admitted and lifted the box up and offered it to her. Piper stared at the boy in front of her. She hesitantly took the box and peeled back the wrapping paper. She opened it and was immediately in awe of the touching gift. The stone was moderately sized on a silver chain and it changed colours rapidly, yet subtly. It was beautiful. Piper admired it for a good minute before she looked up at Jason. "It's beautiful," she said gratefully. "It reminded me of your eyes," Jason confessed carefully. Piper smiled. An idea struck her and she stepped a little closer to him, enjoying the new shade of red his ears turned. "I happened to get you a present too." Jason's brow furrowed as he clearly noticed she wasn't holding anything, but Piper just reached up and tugged on his tie, pulling his head down to hers and kissing him hard. After a few seconds, she leant back and smirked. "Don't run away from girls under the mistletoe Grace, it's bad form," she instructed. Jason was gaping at her like a fish and she laughed. "Come on, if you keep your mouth open any longer you'll catch flies," she teased. Piper stepped away from him, cradling his gift gently. "Happy Christmas to the cowardly Gryffindor," she said cheerfully, winking at him before she strode off towards the Great Hall. Author's Note: I wasn't quite sure where I was going with that ending, and I'm not sure it's the best ending, but it's Christmas and I'm not good at writing on a deadline. Anyways, Merry Christmas to all those who celebrate, and to those who don't, have a happy holiday season! don't forget to speak up - Nicole