she knows they've all set up a guest room belonging to her in all but name in their home. It makes her feel oddly warm, the way they go to so much trouble to include her in their lives, but it also scares her, because she knows it can't last. She's with her brother the first time it really hits her that she will lose this someday. They're running an errand for Annabeth in the mortal world – apparently the thing she's desperately looking for can't be found in New Rome, and Thalia and Jason fully intend to surprise their friend with the item she requires – when they decide to stop for ice-cream. It's a fairly quiet outing. There is no monster to dispatch and the weather is nice if a bit chilly, but she hasn't had real ice-cream from a shop in a long while, and it doesn't take much convincing to get her brother to come with her. Thalia asks for mint and strawberries while her brother simply orders chocolate, and everything is going fine until the vendor hands Jason the ice-creams, telling him and his 'daughter' to 'enjoy this before it melts'. "Why didn't you tell him I wasn't your daughter?" She enquires quietly after the door closes behind them, unsure that she wants to hear what he has to say. "Well, I could hardly say that you were my sister now, could I?" He answers jokingly, but something inside her freeze. She bites into her cone, hiding her shudder of unease with one of cold. She truly looks at her brother for the first time in a while, and she's shocked to see how old he seems to be. His hair is grey at the temples already, and his skin is no longer as smooth as it used to be, whereas she still looks the way she did before she turned sixteen. She could be his daughter, and to the eyes of any passer-by who doesn't know about the gods, she might as well be. "I hope it didn't bother you, but well… I figured we didn't need to explain ourselves to anyone in there, since we probably won't see them again. I hope it was okay with you." "Nah, don't worry, it's fine. Besides, father or not, I can still kick your ass," she retorts assuredly with a smile, because if there is one thing time can teach you, it's how to lie. She's not fine. She leaves that night, because as scary as the thought of missing major events in her family's life may be, the idea of witnessing their slow decay is even scarier. She knows that they've already lived far longer than any of them would have thought possible a mere decade ago, but it still doesn't seem enough. She understands why Artemis told her to tread carefully when she visited her brother now, and she wishes she didn't. She takes the Hunters to the other side of the continent, and goes back to sharing IMs once in a while. No one ever say anything to her about her lack of visit, but she knows the miss her. She sees it in their faces when they call her, just like she knows they can see her regrets painted on her face every time they talk. They don't ask her to come back, and she's infinitely grateful for that. She suspects Annabeth might have something to do with it, or Jason – her brother can be surprisingly sensitive at times, and that kind of endeavor sounds like him. She invests all that she has into the Hunters once again and she thrives there, and when the Moon shines upon her and her sisters she feels freed from all her troubles. Together they try to make their world a safer place, and mostly succeed, and for a time she can almost convince herself to ignore the life she had somehow managed to build for herself out there. She dreams of the streets of New Rome and of Annabeth's visions of a similar place by Camp Half-Blood, and she fails to forget the way she so effortlessly fit in a too-mortal family that had built itself without her. She had thought that she could do this, that she could keep standing in both mortal and immortal worlds - that she was strong enough to withstand anything, for surely they could not be worse than the hardships she had already endured. Thalia left because she thought she could protect herself that way, because surely the distance would help lessen the unavoidable pain. She should have known that if distance couldn't lessen the love she felt for her family, then it wouldn't help her. (The haunting sight of her brother's wife tear-stained face will probably haunt of for the rest of her days) .x. She attends each and every funeral. .x. She read somewhere when she was still mortal that Time was the greatest healer of all. She started doubting the veracity of those words when she first realized Kronos was real – her grandfather was many things, but a healer was not one of them, so why should his domain be any different? But now she's lived over a hundred years and the wounds she suffered from decades ago still feel just as fresh as those she sustained last week, and she knows it was definitely wrong. Maybe it worked for mortals, but it certainly didn't for immortals, and it was something that they – that she – had to live with. And she will. She will, because as long as she still draws breath a part of them still lives, and they deserve to be remembered the way they were, and not as the heroes their story made them out to be. As long as she lives, they're not truly gone . .x. (There are moments when she sees sea green eyes and blonde hair everywhere, and remembers having a family outside the Hunters.)