class. I promise I won't do it again and you can keep being the smartest student." "What? No, no," Alden said. "That's not what I meant. I'm talking about what you did to Miss Keno. The answers you gave in class were completely wrong ." The halls suddenly became very quiet. "They were?" Jonah asked. "But Miss Keno approved. She even said 'nicely done,' and the whole class seemed to agree too." "That's the thing: I've never seen you before. Your name didn't turn up in any of the class rosters I checked, so technically you're not even part of the school. Yet you're mouthing off answers in class that aren't even related to the question, and for some reason Miss Keno and the others seem to buy into you. What exactly did you do?" "I... don't know." Jonah's mind was already racing. The text answers, the ominous messages that his life was in danger, his class allegedly hallucinating over him—his day had gone from strange to downright freaky. He got bad vibes from all of it, but something told him he was in for much more. "Wait," he said, "how can I be sure you're right?" Alden squeezed the folder in her arms. "Trust me, I don't make mistakes." There was a short silence that followed her words. The whole ordeal sounded like something out of a cheap mystery novel. "Alright," Jonah said, drawing a long breath. "So according to you, I'm not supposed to be here, but somehow this morning I happened to walk into school and make everyone believe I was one of them. Is that what you're saying?" "That's exactly what I'm saying." "So you've never seen me in school before?" "Never before today, no." "You're absolutely sure I'm not supposed to be here?" "I know my classmates. You're not one of them." "But that doesn't make sense," Jonah said. "I remember enrolling here. The first day's parade, jam sessions in the cafeteria, power outs in the first week, Miss Keno's godawful Calculus class. You're saying I made these up too?" "What are you talking about?" Alden said, looking even more confused. "There was no parade on the first day, or jam sessions in the cafeteria, or any power outs. The only thing you mentioned that was actually there was Miss Keno." "Alright, well what about Danny Key? She was in class too, so she can vouch for me. Go ask her." "Who?" Alden stared at him blankly. "There's no one on the student roster with that name. Are you sure you aren't a transfer student or something?" Jonah knit his eyebrows. Nothing was adding up. First he wasn't part of the school and now Danny wasn't either. It was like the whole world was dumped into Lethe and plagued with amnesia. Wait, Lethe? "Hold up," he said. "What if it was all some registration malfunction? Couldn't that happen too?" Alden shook her head. "It's already been a month since school started. If there was a registration malfunction, somebody would have known by now." "So Danny and I are the only ones missing from the student roster?" "I believe so," she said hesitantly. There was uncertainty in her voice. A short silence passed before the realization hit Jonah. "Oh. You're not on the student roster either, are you?" Worry flashed across the girl's face for a brief moment. She tried to cover it up, but Jonah could already tell something was up. But before he could say another word, he felt a sort of gravity that made his instincts scream danger . As if out of thin air, Miss Keno appeared right behind Alden, eyes glinting a dark light. Jonah could tell Alden had to stifle back a scream as she turned around to find the Calculus teacher. Miss Keno curled her lips into a serpentine grin. "Hello Jonah, Alden. Is there a problem here?" "No ma'am," Jonah said, premonition sending shivers down his back. He gave a quick glance at Alden, who looked similarly perturbed. There was definitely something off about Miss Keno that they hadn't noticed before. "Aren't you supposed to be in detention, Jonah?" Miss Keno asked. Then she narrowed her eyes on Alden. "And Alden, what's that you're carrying?" Alden shuffled back and squeezed her brown folder. It had only now occurred to Jonah that the folder was stamped 'Student Records' at its upper corner. "It's my work folder," Alden lied. "A pet project." Miss Keno squinted her black marble eyes like she could see right through it. She held out a slender hand. "Give it to me," she ordered. Her words were layered with something else that made Jonah want to slip out his phone and throw it to her. He held himself back, but Alden simply passed over her folder. "This is my student records folder," Miss Keno said, flipping through the contents. "Alden dear, did you take this from my cabinet? You know it's against the rules to break into a teacher private compartments, much less read the confidential information inside." The girl blinked. "I—I didn't—" "Theft and dishonesty?" Miss Keno smacked her lips. She didn't sound surprised or even disappointed that her top student broke into her office cabinet and stole the records. It was almost like she wanted this to happen. "You know what I have to do with students who commit these kinds of infractions." "Detention?" Alden guessed. Miss Keno nodded and pointed a finger down the staircase. "Room 304. Both of you. Now." Alden looked like she was about to unleash a salvo of back-talk but Jonah gestured for her to move on. The girl shouldered her bag and stormed down the stairs. Jonah followed shortly after, but on his way down he noticed Miss Keno holding back a grin. Her form seemed to flicker in and out, and her eyes glinted a sickly red he hadn't noticed before. And then he was reminded of Red's ill omen. Until then, your life is in danger.