easy as it seems. He hugged me as if I was going to leave him forever. So just to be sure I told him that I was not going anywhere till this is over. He let out a sigh of relief as I let go. After Will hes the only person who I'm closer than ever to. A hug could do a lot I telling you from experience. It can make an insecure or vurnable person safe and strong again. Judging by the way he looked at me, I think he was worried about me by the expression of my face. I took a second to actually realise the state of my face and I'm not kidding you but I was crying. I was so overwhelmed with everything. I couldn't handle it anymore. I was having some sort of emotional breakdown. I collapsed on the floor. I couldn't take the stress upon me anymore. Daniel lifted me up and told me, "Mia, You have come so far. You cant just give up on yourself now. The entire Greek army is depending on you. You have to finish it off and I am going to make sure that you go out there and make sure that you make things right because there's only one of you Mia and you know that". Trust me, this is as inspirational as can be. I got the sudden jolt of courage inside me which told em to make things right. So I went back up and everyone was keen on what I had to say. So I did what I had to do. "Okay, you have a million reasons to believe that I am planning an attack at you right now but you and I very well know how tired we are of fighting and the first step towards peace is trust. To earn your trust I swear on the River Styx that I am not planning any sort of attack on you and that this is not any sort of evil plan." Everyone was astonished judging by the look on their face. There was a moment of absolute silence in that entire battlefield. Then slowly everyone dropped their weapons as a sign of truce. I felt like someone had lifted the sky of my shoulder and that I was Atlas the entire time. The expression on Octavian's face was priceless. It was a mix of astonishment, sadness, anger, disappointment and disgust. We went back to our respective battle camps to pack up but then I remembered something. Will. I started running around like a lunatic to find him but I just couldn't. I asked everyone when finally, I bumped into this sad looking Apollo kid who was not more than 10 years old. I asked him what's wrong and he said that his favourite brother is dying and there was nothing that he or his brothers could do about it. My heart skipped a beat I swear I could have collapsed right at that moment but I didn't because I just wanted to make sure. I asked him to show me to him. He took me to a tent where I could see a bunch of Apollo kids and Daniel crowed around the bed with a look of despair on their face. When Daniel saw me he seemed to be trying his best to explain everything but he couldn't speak a word. I rushed towards the bed to see if it was Will or not. I saw that it was Will. He seemed to have gone into some sort of coma. His golden hair still shining like the sun I couldn't take it anymore. I had burst into tears every other thing that had happened ever since mother was nothing compared to the pain I felt that day. First time I had felt this much pain was the time when mother time and that day I felt the same amount of pain. No one had ever been that close. Daniel put his hand around me and tried to calm me down but I just couldn't. After sometime I asked one of them as too what exactly had happened to him. They replied saying that they tried to take out the arrow but it would damage his other organs and also that the arrow had some sort of power in it which ensured that the person who was shot would eventually die. He was not in a coma but just unconscious. Suddenly Will slowly opened his eyes. I realised immediately and let out a sigh of relief as at least I get to talk to him before he dies. "Oh my gods, Will. I am so sorry I should have seen that coming. It's all my fault…". He hushed me and whispered saying "there was nothing that you could have done. It's not your fault." "Oh Will, I can't thank you enough for all that you have done for me. You are a brother, friend and everything everyone would dream of having as their supporter. I will never forget you. I love you so much" I was tearing up so much that I could have filled up a bucket. I'm not even kidding. He seemed to be struggling but not fighting he was willing to accept that his time had come. I clutched his hand real tight and he said "May the gods be with you and always remember that I will always be with you no matter where you go". With that his eyes closed and grip loosened. I hugged Daniel and looked away. I couldn't stand it. It was not fair. Why did he have to go so soon? I wish that it had never happened. We packed up and each one of us had a sad look on our faces. While we were going back, I looked at Daniel and said "don't you dare go anywhere". Instead of saying anything he just hugged me and said "don't worry, I'm not going anywhere".