cause a heavy hangover). At first, she was reluctant to join; thinking that this game would uncover some secrets she'd never want to share. But as the game went on, Annabeth found that this was quite silly in all aspects. Too bad she spoke too soon . It was Katie's turn. "Never have I ever," she began, her tone unknowing and innocent, "been in love with my bestfriend ." Oh. There was a collective silence among the group, as if they're waiting for someone or some people to drink the shot. Annabeth felt her stomach drop. She looked over to Percy, his green eyes alight and completely unaware of the war inside her, and she hesitated; but eventually reached for the glass and chugged the drink down to her throat. The effect was instantaneous; she felt the liquid draw a burning line inside her esophagus but that was nothing compared to the searing gazes Annabeth knew were trained on her. Gazes that include Percy's. She did a quick sweep of the crowd; everyone's attention was focused on her but all she could see was her bestfriend, sadly the boy she fell in love with. His eyebrows were scrunched up in confusion, and Annabeth didn't want to know why. "I'm sorry," she muttered to Percy, but she found those words were more directed to herself. Annabeth stood shakily and ran, leaving his eyes to stare at the back of someone he thought he knew. . . . She ignored him. Completely ignored him. From where Annabeth used to hear melodious laughter and playful giggles, it was now replaced by vacuum and radio silence. The spaces where he used to fill with his presence were cold and empty; and somehow, for a moment, Annabeth wanted to succumb and relish in his warmth. But now, the distance between their windows seemed to be worlds apart; a world she's never been part of since the beginning. Maybe that had always been the thing. Annabeth had attached herself to him by some unexplainable pull. She was the moon to his earth; her world solely revolving around him. But just as the universe permits, they could only stay in their respective places; rotating and revolving, both pulling at each other but could never be enough. Annabeth sat in the darkness corner, wishing nothing but for the darkness to swallow her heart away. . . . But as it turned out, there was always an end to every eclipse . Annabeth was finally drifting off to sleep after countless nights of staying awake and contemplating her friendship with Percy, when she got awoken by some strange noises on her window. Her eyes snapped open and she glanced at the curtains drawn, it seemed as if a guy was trying to break through. She didn't have a time to react when the mystery guy opened her window and got in, only to stumble on the floor in the process. The familiar messy black hair she played with her fingers and those sea green eyes she'd recognize everywhere stared at her. " Percy ," she breathed, and all logical words seemed to have gone away from her mind. "What- ?" The rest of her question was cut off as she felt his body knocked the wind out of her with his almost too tight embrace. His hands felt cold and he was shaking, but Annabeth was too stunned to care. She could barely form a coherent thought in her mind. 'Why- what- how- Percy Percy Percy' was all she could think. She was surrounded by his arms, by his scent and by his light, and it was as if she was drowning in the sensation of Percy. "Annabeth. Annabeth. Annabeth," he whispered. "I know I'm stupid- you always told me so -but I never thought I'd be this stupid." He pulled back from the hug only to hold her face in his hands. Percy was looking at her -really looking at her- his eyes, oh his eyes, she never realized how she missed him until now. "I was- I was just thinking of you, of us, of the reason why'd you started ignoring me and then- there's just something, something inside me broke -" he guided her hand to his chest, the place just above his heart while never breaking their gaze, "-and everything just burst and overflowed and then I couldn't keep it bottled anymore ." "Percy. . ." "It hurt to even look at you everytime because you're so fucking bright and beautiful and you'd just smile at me and my heart swells with emotions and then it would be too much ." 'Too much' , Annabeth thought. 'Could it be coincidence that we used the same term?' His nose was touching hers and his breath was blowing across her lips and all she could think was ' kiss me kiss me, you idiot, kiss me.' "Everything I feel about you is too much for a bestfriend," he murmured. "Always too much." His green eyes bore into her grey ones and he looked at her in a way that she never thought possible. "I don't care if it's too much. I want the excess. I want all of it. All, all of it ," Annabeth whispered against his lips. "I'm greedy enough, anyway." "I've never felt so glad to lose myself to you this much," Percy whispered back. "Too bad, I'm also greedy when it comes to you." Annabeth slotted their lips together and kissed him. " Then take me ," she murmured in between kisses, " take my everything ." And he responded graciously to her request, offering all of himself to her to be ruled completely in her mercy; just like how the uncontrollable ocean responds to the pull of the moon. A/N: This was unbeta'd. All mistakes were mine. Because I'm so cliche to write another friends to lovers au. Seriously, this must be too much. Kindly review though. It really makes me happy.