Victoria. Ambrosia was in her hands. "Probably," the girl responded, still on Annabeth's shoulder. Thalia sighed and put it back into her pocket. "I'm not risking your life on a 'probably,'" she muttered. "Well that's new," I stated. Ignoring me, which was likely the best course of action, Thalia turned to Lulu. "Can you make the three of them invisible?" Lulu nodded as she stared at Percy and the di Angelo's. As soon as I followed her glance I saw absolutely nothing. Not even the monster. "I said the three of them!" Thalia exclaimed with a voice that I was sure could break glass. "I am sorry. I cannot—" "Thalia, we need to distract him," Annabeth interrupted Lulu. I stepped forward to face the daughter of Zeus. "Think you and I can lead him the other way?" I asked, messing with the charms on my bracelet. When Thalia saw what I was doing, her fists clenched. She turned to Annabeth and said, "Get these two to safety and find those kids. Rebel and I will buy you enough time to get everyone out, but you have to do it quick." Annabeth gave her a firm nod. "I'll do my best," she said. "Don't die." Something silver and sharp hit the wall next to me. As I spun around, I saw Mr. Thorn making his way toward us looking rather wild. Apparently, he'd gotten out of the invisibility cloud. "Thalia, time to go," I said, fumbling with the charm as I tried to tear it off. Thalia sprinted out into the open and I caught up to her, listening to her shouts as my hands found their spot on the trigger of the weapon that finally decided to show up. I glanced back to Annabeth, but she wasn't there. Invisibility, I thought. It was probably going to take me awhile to get used to that. A spike missed my eye by two inches. I dashed to the enormous front doors. Thalia brought up her shield and blocked the spikes zooming past me. I whirled around, pulled the trigger twice, and pushed the doors open. Thalia was inching backwards in my direction, so I held them ajar. "Any day now, Thalia!" I yelled. "Shut up!" she shouted back. After a few more spikes hit her shield, she turned and raced inside. I closed the heavy doors and locked it half-heartedly. "Don't lock it!" Thalia ordered, rushing over. "If he can't get in—" "I just want a diversion," I interrupted, facing her. "Do you have a plan?" she asked, staring at me intently. "When in all the time you've known me have I ever had a plan?" I snapped. There was a bang on the door. I glanced down the hall way and began jogging. Thalia caught up to me in no time, and then I heard the doors burst open. What are our options? I mean, we could just fight him here in the hallway, but with such tiny hallways, something is bound to ricochet and hit us , I thought. However, all the big enough spaces were probably being occupied by glassy-eyed eighth graders, assuming they followed Annabeth's orders. Thalia slowed down so that she could bring out her shield again. I followed her lead and bent down with my gun. Let's hope to the gods Beckendorf made me enough bullets, I thought as they went flying toward the armored enemy. I broke off another charm and shoved the magazine into the bottom of the gun. I continued shooting carefully, thinking, We could always just play ring around the rosy until Annabeth— There was a scream. I looked over my shoulder just long enough to see a kid staring in my direction with wide eyes. Unfortunately, so did Thalia, and the next thing I knew, she was on the ground with a spike embedded in her shoulder. I went in front of her, reaching for the shield. A spike flew past my arm, managing to cut it. I shifted my gaze. Mr. Thorn flicked his tail just as I activated my shield. I inched backwards and nudged Thalia with my free hand. "Thalia, get up and summon your stupid shield!" I shouted. I only got a moan in response. "Oh sure, you pick now to get knocked against a wall." A spike went through my shield. I clenched my jaw and knew there was only one option out of this. Don't fail me now, mom, I thought, and focused completely on the shadows in the room. Gradually, the shadows grew larger and larger until the lights did absolutely nothing. While Mr. Thorn was momentarily gazing around like a moron, I grabbed Thalia's good arm and began dragging her down the hall. I held the shield up just in time to hear another 'thunk' on my shield. A few more hit it before I rounded the corner into a classroom. I dropped Thalia and closed the door. I searched for the lock, but couldn't find anything but the handle. I sighed, thinking, Your turn, dad, as I heard the lock click into place. I grabbed Thalia again and drug her into some sort of cupboard and somehow fit in there myself. What am I doing in here? I thought after I closed the doors. I'm cornered here. All I've done is made my body easier to find. My thoughts drifted after a little while and I thought, Hey, maybe if I die here in this cupboard, I'll wake up as Harry Potter. I smiled at the image of me at Hogwarts, in Gryffindor, pranking with Fred and George. I nearly fell out of the cupboard when the door to the classroom blasted open. I listened carefully, knowing just how horror movie-esc this was becoming as the floorboards began to creak. There was a muffled yell. I couldn't hear what was said or who said it, but the monster stomped off with a furious growl. As I heard his footsteps fade, I laughed.