to," Annabeth sighed. "It's really annoying having all of this testosterone flying around." "Not all of it is flying around, ladies," Leo pointed out with a wink. "But most of it is." "Are you doubting my manliness?" "Yes," Piper answered without hesitation. Leo would have retorted had Will not interrupted the Big Three boys and announced that it was probably time to head back to their blankets. "We've got about ten minutes until the countdown," he explained, stopping the argument between the guys before it could go any further. The others agreed, and they began to head to their blankets, Will walking beside Nico. "So, did you enjoy your first s'more?" Will asked, nudging the smaller male with a smile on his face. Nico smiled slightly and nodded, unconsciously shifting closer to the son of Apollo. "Yeah, I really liked it." "Good. Make sure you get all that sticky stuff off your teeth, though – not good for you. Could make them rot. And don't start eating s'mores all the time, because I know you and you're the type of person to do that." Nico's smile dropped as soon as Will started rambling, and he rolled his eyes as he walked. "Yeah, yeah…" he grumbled. "You've got to take me seriously, Nico! It's for your own good!" "Mine, or yours?" Will paused and raised an eyebrow at that. "What?" Nico shrugged. "Well, I thought that, since I'm your main patient, having me well would have me in the infirmary as little as possible and—" "Why wouldn't I want you in the infirmary?" Will asked with a frown. "Well, I'm not very useful in there. I just do lots of sorting…" "Which leaves behind less for the rest of us." Will placed a hand on Nico's shoulder. "I love having you in there!" Nico noticed how the taller male's face tinted a faint pink, but didn't say anything. Instead, he grabbed Will's hand and began to pull him towards the blanket, giving the excuse that they "didn't want to miss the show" and that they'd lose their spot if they didn't hurry up. The two ended up breaking into a short run, landing on the blanket in a heap with Nico's legs on top of Will's and the two demigods laughing. Laughing . Now, that wasn't something that Nico did often. Before Will could say anything about that, however, the fireworks began again, designs flying across the sky in an array of different colours. Nico's heartbeat picked up as he began to think about how he would tell Will that he'd made a request for them… or rather, him . It wouldn't do to just… wait for the fireworks to show and then go: ' Hey! So… uh… those are for you… ' It was a shame that that was what ended up happening anyway. Just as Nico's train of thought ended, a bright firework caught his eye. This firework, unlike the rest, looked yellow and silver in the night sky. It also happened to be the one firework that happened during the final countdown from twenty. The fireworks formed a yellow sun in the sky, a silver skull growing within it. Then, just after the skull, multiple small hearts appeared around the shapes in the sky. Nico froze, and he glanced over at Will, who was watching everything with a slightly amused expression on his face. When the fireworks disappeared, he turned to Nico. "Was that… was that for us?" he asked, a small smirk on his features. 5… "Well, um…" Nico stammered, not knowing what to say as he looked down at the sand by his feet. 4… What was he supposed to say? 3… He wracked his mind, trying to come up with something to say to at least make the conversation a little bit less awkward. 2… "Nico…?" Will asked slowly, the small smirk still present on his face – that infuriating smirk that he gave Nico when he was being all doctor-y and knew he was right. 1… Nico took a deep breath. "It was a gi—" The son of Hades was cut off by a pair of lips pressing against his, and suddenly the world around him faded – it was just him and Solace, his first New Year's kiss. The warmth that Nico felt whenever he touched Will spread throughout his whole body like an electric shock, and he felt his hands moving to the sides of Will's face, cupping his warm cheeks. And then it was over, and Will pulled away. Which Nico was glad for – he needed the air, and he doubted that he would've had the sense to pull away. As soon as his lips were gone, the world around him came into focus again, and he could hear the whoops and cheers of the other campers. They'd made it. Another year. But Nico had something else on his mind. "S-so…" he squeaked, "I'm guessing it's official then?" Will grinned. "Yeah… yeah. You definitely belong with me." So, I hope you liked that guys! I hope all the fluffiness and stuff was to your expectations. Now, a little A/N: As some of you may or may not know, Becks and I (I'm AJ, as AJ writes all the PJO stuff on here) have a blog on tumblr for this fanfiction account, and we post links to all of our stories there, and I was thinking that I'd start taking requests! The tumblr url is theneedlesslobsters and I (AJ) am always open to chatting with you guys about some of our fics, taking some requests and possibly some drabble prompts (within reason, of course). If you asked nicely, I might also tell you about what I have planned for some more oneshots, and possibly give you sneak peaks and stuff like that. But, yeah! Go and check it out, send me a message (on anon or not... and maybe specify who it's for?) and feel free to follow! Thanks! Please review!