mixed with pain and wistfulness. His eyes slid back to me. "A flower crown?" he asked dryly. "Really?" I gave him my own look. "Yes, really. Hold still." I leaned forward and placed it on his head, letting it rest in his curly brown hair. "Okay, now, smile!" I said, throwing my arm over his shoulders and pulling him closer to me as I pulled the specially designed "phone" to take a selfie (it was really more like a music player that had a camera, could access the internet occasionally, and allowed me to talk with my brother through text; also curtesy of the Hephaestus cabin). I wouldn't be able to send it Dan, what with communication's being down for some reason, but it would be good to have for when I could contact him. "What?" Apollo asked, looking at me instead of the phone as I held it up and gave my best smile. I pulled away to look at the photo, Apollo looking with me. I frowned as he said, "I look ridiculous." "That's because you're not smiling," I shot back. "Try again." I threw my arm around his shoulders once again. This time around, he was looking to his left with the driest expression I'd ever seen on a person. "That'll have to do." I put my phone back in my back pocket just as the conch horn sounded for lunch. "Come on, it's lunch time." I stood but Apollo started to take the flower crown off, so I grabbed his wrist to stop him. "Don't take it off. You look great." Apollo rolled his eyes and stood, forcing me to let go of his wrist. "No, I don't. I just look like more of a dorky, human teenager." "You are a dorky, human teenager." "Thanks." I ignored him. "But you're really rockin' the flower crown." I grabbed his wrists before he could take the crown off and started dragging him to the dining pavilion. Apollo resisted and complained the whole way there, but I had a feeling he actually didn't mind, considering he hadn't tried to escape my grasp and pull the crown off his head. When we arrived at the pavilion, the campers were already at their tables, chattering excitedly about the death race. At the Hephaestus table, Harley had his bribes and offerings piled high. Nyassa was beaming. The excited chatter died down as we came into view, and all eyes turned on us out of instinct. Only, they stayed on us…well, Apollo mostly. There was a beat of silence before most of the girls and some boys rushed up to us. Well, Apollo. I deftly moved out of the way, avoiding an elbow to the chest, used to this. (People still didn't trust me.) I smiled at Apollo, who looked stricken as people chattered at him about his flower crown and how cute it was. It probably didn't help that Chiara was speaking in rapid-fire, excited Italian and Paolo was speaking in rapid-fire, excited Portuguese. Apollo met my eyes with a look that said, "Help me." but I simply shrugged and went to take a seat at the Apollo table. Will and Nico were one of the only ones still sitting. "I see you made up," Will commented. "There's hope for you after all." I smiled but kicked him in the shin under the table. Will jumped and gasped, "Ow." before reaching down to rub his leg, pouting at me. "Hey, now, careful with the significant annoyance," Nico chided. I snickered and was about to say something, when I heard my name. "No, actually, it was Tori," Apollo was saying. The group around him paused before turning to look at me. I realized what Apollo had done and was about to book it out of there but was too late in moving. Chiara and Paolo were the first ones to come up to me. I leaned away and gripped the table to avoid pulling my sword on them. Because let me tell you, not only is two people rushing you speaking in two different languages terrifying, but also because of my past, my brain detected threats everywhere , even when there weren't any. So this excitement? A threat. The rest followed and soon I was surrounded, frozen, and baffled. I looked to Will for help, even Nico, but they offered none. Austin and Kayla were part of the crowd, asking me if I could teach them how to make a flower crown. When I got to Apollo, he simply smiled and shrugged. I narrowed my eyes at him and he laughed. I looked at the crowd around me and felt my chest swell and tears form in my eyes, but I fought to hold them back. It was just good to know that even after everything, even if they mistrusted me still, even when camp was in the midst of a crisis, we could pull back from the doom and gloom and still have fun. " And miles to go before I sleep." All right, there you have it! A little extra/excerpt for my next "book" that will delve into the TOA series! I know Apollo had something important to tell Chiron and others after what happened with Kayla, him, and Sherman, but I figure him having another class, and then Tori fighting with him, and him going off and sulking, it would've taken his mind off it for a little bit. So, like, after this and when things calm down a bit and they all get back to lunch, it gets back to the book where Apollo is trying to tell someone about what he's figured out, but no one will listen because they're too busy preparing for the three-legged death race. I hope that makes enough sense. The quotes are bit different than my usual, but I thought it really fit, considering what the hidden Oracle is in THO, and basically what happens in the book. Thank you for reading, TheBrightestNight