laughing at me!" "Sorry, you just look so…so…uhm…" "…stupid" "Not exactly the term I was looking for, but yes. 'Stupid' is correct" "Thank you very much! I'm feeling very loved in this moment!" he said putting like a baby. "At least she stopped crying" "Yup! That's right, now let's get her to sleep" he said picking up Angel and rocking her in his arms. Then he started singing a lullaby Annabeth usually sings, which is I see the light from Tangled . I don't know why, but Angel loves that song, in fact, as he finished singing and put her in her crib, she was asleep. We quietly got out of the room, and got back into the living room. I looked at Leon once again. "You look gorgeous. You should wear that dress more often" I said sarcastically "I know it's because you like my abs" "That's exactly why I said it" "Oh come on! Where's the fun if you're not even going to deny it?" "Seeing your reaction. That's the fun. Come on, go get changed" "Thank you very much" he said and disappeared into his room, and he came back with his normal clothes on. Later on that day, everything was going fine. We actually made it to bedtime without many problems… Leon almost burned Angel with oil from the pan, but, he didn't… and I almost set fire to the kitchen to get Angel out of Pegasus' basket again, but Leon saved dinner, so everything was fine. That night, I was happily sleeping. I was having a wonderful dream about winning a dancing show, they send on TV, when I was woken up by a baby crying. I lazily got up and got out of the room. I met Leon right in front of Angel's bedroom. We looked at each other in the eyes for a moment. We didn't need to say much to the other. "Let's go" we said and got into the room to see what was wrong. Angel was crying, and as Leon was about to lift her up, I smelled something. "Do you smell this?" I asked Leon. "Yeah" he said smelling the room. We looked at each other "Diaper" we said. He took Angel and we went to change her diaper. "What the f-!" "-LEON! No swearing in front of Angel!" "What the Hades did you give her to eat?" "Baby food" "Are you sure it wasn't something else? I mean-" "Leon, shut up and help me change the diaper, I want to go back to sleep" I said. "I'm not complaining. I need my beauty sleep" I simply rolled my eyes. After we changed Angel, I put her back into her crib, but she wouldn't fall back asleep! Before I could say anything, Leon picked her up and sang the lullaby again, and she fell asleep. He put her back in the crib, and then he walked me to my room. I would have closed the door as I got in, but Leon came in too. "I can go to bed by myself" I said smiling. "I know; We didn't have a lot of time for us, today so I just thought… I could stay here until you fell asleep" he said sitting on my bed, as I crawled under the covers. "Aww! You're so sweet!" I said. He smiled at me and gave me a small goodnight kiss. As he pulled away, I patted a spot next to me on my bed. Leon smiled and crawled under the covers wrapping an arm around my waist and planted a kiss on my head as I layed my head on his chest. "Goodnight, Ann" "Goodnight, Le" And we fell asleep. " If you're hungry for a hunk of fat and juicy meat Eat my buddy Pumbaa here because he is a treat" If you're wondering: yes, Leon is doing the Hula again. Why? Because, after another game of hide and seek with Angel, she went into Pegasus' basket again, and started pulling our poor kitten's whiskers, so Pegasus lightly bit her hand to make her let go, and Angel started crying, so I forced Leon in my Hula dress, to cheer her up again. " Are you achin'? For some bacon? He's a big pig You could be a pig too OY!" Leon finished. Angel started laughing and smiling. Suddenly, we heard the clanking sound of a key, and Annabeth and dad came back in. I kept rocking Angel in my arms, as Leon pretended everything was fine. "Hey, kids!" dad said coming in. He either didn't notice Leon's dress, or he chose to ignore it, because he came straight to us. Dad kissed my cheek and gave a little kiss on Angel's raven black hair. I gave my sister to dad and as he held her in her arms, I went to Leon. Annabeth joined us a second later. After greeting us, she went to dad, who passed her Angel, since she was begging her mom to take her, with her little arms. "So, how was training?" Leon asked "Good" Dad answered. "How was babysitting?" Annabeth asked as Dad put an arm around her shoulders. Leon and I looked at each other. I tried to ignore the pink flower in his brown hair, the Hawaiian garland with pink flowers, and the Hawaiian skirt; then we looked at our parents and I answered for the two of us. "Wonderful" "We have to get a few bags from the car, could you take Angel, please?" Annabeth asked. "Sure!" Leon said, and walked to his mother taking our sister. Annabeth touched Leon's flower giving him a look that clearly said 'What-the-heck-is-that?'. Leon simply grinned and walked back to me, we were about to go to Angel's room, but we got there just in time to hear out parent's talk. "There's something different, about Leon" dad said. Wow, smart! "You think? HE'S DRESSED LIKE A GIRL!" guess who said that? Yup! Annabeth! THE END!