I brush my teeth and comb my hair before putting it up in a high ponytail, before leaving my room to go wake Sam up for school. Once she heard that I had gotten her registered at a school close by, she insisted on starting as soon as possible so she could meet people before school let out for the summer. She groans when I turn on her light, and then promptly tells me that no teenager should have to wake up at this hour for school. I give her a chuckle in response. "You were the one that was insistent on going to school here, not me, so suck it up," I remind her before leaving and shutting the door to give her privacy. When I get to the kitchen I quickly look through the fridge and spot a bottle of berry smoothie; perfect for breakfast. I go through the cupboards looking for the oatmeal that I know I saw yesterday and find it just as Sam makes her entrance. She takes one look at what I have gotten out for my breakfast before putting the smoothie away in fridge. Sam makes a point to grab the milk and orange juice out of the fridge before grabbing an apple from the fruit bowl before placing all three items where my smoothie previously sat. "Balance mom," she takes the role as the parent. "Breakfast is the most important meal of the day and you have time to have something other than a smoothie today, save it for a day when you're in a rush." "Thank you, Sam," I thank her. "There's some cereal in the cupboard beside the fridge or there is bread in there also." She grabs a box of cheerios and the loaf of bread before placing them on the counter; she then takes four pieces of whole grain bread out of the bag and places them in the toaster. Next thing she does is take two bowls out of one of the many cupboards and pours her cereal into one. I get handed the other bowl for my oatmeal just at the kettle finishes boiling. Sam sits at the table eating her cereal when the toasts pop; seeing as I'm waiting for my cereal to be done I take over buttering the toast. I take two plates out and place two pieces on both before buttering them. I place her plate in front of her before getting her and I each a glass. I pour her a glass of orange juice and then, for myself, a glass of milk. I take my bowl of oatmeal and sit across from her at the table before starting to eat my breakfast in silence. "Your school books and schedule are on one of the shelves in the sitting room," I inform her. "Do you want a ride to school so you get an idea of where it is?" "Sure, as long as I don't make you late for work," she agrees. "Can you pick me after also, if you aren't working? I want us to be a better family here than we were in Washington; starting with spending time in the car together because I know that you're really busy and everything." "I'm never too busy for you, but yes, I can if that's what you." "Okay thanks, I'm going to go shower and then it should be time to go right?" "Yes it will be time to leave if you want to be early." "See you in a bit," she stands up like she's about to leave but then turns to me. "Do you want me to load the dishwasher before we go?" "No, I've got more time than you in the mornings because I don't have to be at work until a couple hours after I drop you off." Well technically it's true but it's also a complete lie; I go to work whenever I have to, or whenever I get around to it. That's the thing about working in the intelligence sector; you work when you have to no matter what time it is. I load the dishwasher when I finish eating my apple and put away the food from breakfast. Since we have leftovers of Sam's favourite foods, I decide to pack a lunch for her instead of giving her money because I only eat those foods when she's here; I don't like blue corn nachos or spicy chicken anything. X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X After I drop Sam off at school, I make my way back home to gather the equipment I might need today. I get back into my current rental car –I have one until mine gets here– and drive to the address I was giving for my mission. The house is a lot prettier in person than it was in the photos I found when I first looked up the house back in Washington. The owner must be pretty well off because there is a sleek grey Porsche sitting to one side of the driveway. Every window visible from the road is covered by curtains, which is strange because there are no neighbours close enough to see in the windows, nor is it nighttime. I quickly exit the car to take a look at the other sides of the house. I find that all the windows have the curtains drawn and that the gate to the backyard is open; not something that someone dangerous would accidentally do. Taking my chances; I go back to the front door and knock. No one answers so I ring the doorbell and almost immediately I hear footsteps approaching the door. It takes almost a minute for the person to open the door after the footsteps stopped. When it opens, I'm not prepared for who I see. Percy Jackson; my ex-best friend. So I don't know if I should continue writing this or not but if you could leave a review with your opinion that would be great. Thanks for reading