had hung on the Christmas tree. Shoot. "Um...that note..." I blushed and he laughed. "It was so cute. Let me rephrase: Dear Santa-" "SHUT UP!" I groaned and he chuckled. "Fine, I won't. Want to snuggle?" he placed the note back carefully on the tree and walked towards me. "Yeah," I blushed and he crawled under the bed sheets, getting comfortably. Should I just move towards him or what? I felt a blush creep my skin as I faced Percy. Okay...I'll start the first move. I pulled close against his chest, feeling him breathe slowly and comfortingly. "You're so desperate for a snuggle moment, aren't you Wise Girl?" Percy chuckled and I lightly punched his stomach. "Oh shut up," I grumbled, raising an eye brow at him as he laughed. "I am so glad I can see you like this. However, you are so thin!" he complained. "While I was eating my heart out for training, you basically drained all the healthiness out of you! Look at your wrist," he picked my wrist up and showed it right in front of me. "What is this? My bracelet is so lose on you...even if it is adjusted to the smallest," he mumbled. "It feels so different snuggling with you now." "Oh trust me Seaweed Brain," I retorted. "You are very different also. You are all built up, and I think you gained a few pounds-" "Which I call proud muscles," he winked and I laughed. "Shut up Seaweed Brain," I playfully taunted and he kissed my forehead. "I love you so much Annabeth," he whispered in my ear and I shivered. "You are such a crazy idiot," I mumbled. "All about the crazy," he winked, and memories seeped towards me. The day where I got drunk and told him how crazy he was to make me feel a certain way... Of... Love I guess... I blushed, and he kissed my lips. "Want to get up and start something effective for Christmas?" his eyes lit up and I suddenly felt energized. "Of course!" I jumped out of bed and so did he. We ran out the door and immediately started our first morning Christmas routine. Staring at the sunset on the window sill. He sat down and tapped his lap for me to sit on. I happily joined and together, we looked out at the busy town as the Christmas lights began to glimmer. The honking of the cars and so much shoppers filled the heart of the city. I grinned, feeling small amounts of cold air go through the closed window. Such an old apartment...though I loved this place so much. "Percy, you seriously want me to step in your world?" the sudden remembrance of his proposal popped right out of my head. "Mhm," I twisted myself around to face him. I immediately laughed by seeing a red ribbon wrapped around his head. "Merry Christmas Annabeth!" he winked and I playfully slapped his shoulder. "This is so old style cheesy!" I giggled and he kissed my cheeks. "Well according to your Christmas letter to Santa, I can prove otherwise," he winked and I felt like burying my head from embarrassment. "Shut up," I mumbled while biting my lip. "Hey Annabeth; no need to be ashamed. Besides...you know you love me," he winked again and I groaned. "Well what, is that another attitude I am seeing?" A smirk was plastered on his lips. "Just come here!" I wrapped my arms around his neck before we shared another Christmas. And the funny thing was... As much as I was embarrassed about the Christmas Santa letter and gagged from his corny "present"... I couldn't help but feel something sweet deep inside of me. More than gingerbread cookies, Or even candy canes... But it was something sweet deep inside of me of seeing someone greater. So Santa, thank you. Thank you for giving me my Christmas present in the most unexpected way. I know, I know, it is a bit corny but sometimes something cute like this can be written. I had to admit that I am a bit proud of this one-shot only because...well...it is kind of adorable if you look at it. :) I just felt like a cute/corny one shot could warm someone's heart in an unexpected way. I do hope you liked this story. Favorite, follow, and review this story! If you guys want a two-shot on this, go on and review if you would like a two-shot! Thank you so much for your endless support! Seriously; I cannot shake the fact that all of you people even clicked onto this story! Thank you so much, and I do wish you the merriest Christmas Eve. Or for others, Hannikuh etc. And before I do, I want to tell you that I would like to open up some stories of mine. I have a winter spree basically! And this is the second out of the three day one-shot spree that I had written. I really do hope you can take time check out my next story which is going to be uploaded tomorrow! I seriously cannot wait, and I am so excited to present this to you! I do hope you guys like my winter spree one-shots, and if you hadn't checked out Under the Mistletoe, go check that out! If you are a reader who not ONLY likes one-shots but also is interested in stories that are chapters and stuff, I have a story called It's Her, Why Her?. Go check that out! Gosh, I sound like an advertiser but really, I just want to present my stories that I had taken time of incase you don't know them. Anyway, thank you so much for the support! I do not know what to say now; thank you so much! :) You guys are the best; stay tuned for the last one-shot of the three day Christmas writing spree! And don't forget to review below and tell me what you think! :)