created between them. Will sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Well, if you're not injured. I have other patients to deal with. There's been a flu outbreak in the Hypnos Cabin that is going to take forever to treat. So if you'll excuse me." Will grabbed his med pack out of one of the cupboards and turned to leave. "Will, wait. Please." Nico begged desperately. He could feel tears stinging the corners of his eyes, but he blinked them away, refusing to cry. "Just tell me what I did wrong." Will's shoulder's slumped and as he turned back to face Nico a look of utter exhaustion passed his face. He crossed over to Nico's bed, sat down and patted the spot beside him, pointedly not looking in the younger boy's direction. Nico obediently sat down next to him. Not as close as he would have liked, but far enough away to give Will the space he thought he needed. They both sat there for what seemed to Nico to be far too long, before Will spoke. "Do you remember last week's game of capture the flag?" Will looked at him and Nico nodded in confirmation. He had teamed up with the Apollo cabin on the blue team, but he couldn't recall which team had won. Had their team lost and that was why Will was angry at him? No. Will wasn't as shallow as that. There had to be another reason. "Well, do you also remember when I was fighting Johnny and you...?" Will trailed off, but Nico remembered exactly what the blonde doctor was talking about. Nico had been fighting beside Will when Johnny, a hot headed Ares kid, had run up to Will from behind. Will hadn't seen him coming, but Nico had. Too stunned to do much else, Nico had lunged for Will, pulled him into his arms and dissolved into the shadows, just as the spear thrust into the place they had stood moments before. They had emerged just outside the infirmary, effectively disqualifying them from the game. That was the last thing Nico remembered before waking up three days later in his bed in the infirmary. Will had been missing, and he had been too embarrassed to stick around. He had known it was too soon for him to be shadow travelling, but had done it all the same, So he had slipped out of the infirmary in shame. "I know you told me not to shadow travel." Nico said, hanging his head in shame. "But I thought you were in trouble. I didn't think-" "No, you didn't think. You don't understand Nico," Will interrupted again and turned his hurt gaze of the younger boy. "When you collapsed, I tried carrying you into the infirmary, but you started fading." He stared down at his hands in distain. "I couldn't touch you. My hands just kept going though you like you weren't even there. If it weren't for Gleeson Hedge and Grover, I would have lost you." Will's voice cracked on the last few words and Nico's heart both sank and rose simultaneously. It was not the most comfortable feeling. On the one hand, Will didn't hate him. But on the other, he hated himself instead for making Will feel that way. "And then you just disappeared. For a second I thought..." Will shook his head, unable to continue. "I'm sorry." Nico whispered. "I didn't know." A mixture of emotions played across Will's face, before one of sadness and longing planted itself there to stay. "I know." Will said. Nico, unsure of what to say next, but wanting to keep the doctor there a bit longer, pulled out the slightly squished present out of his pocket and pressed it into Will's hands. The blonde boy met his gaze, his eyes wide and his mouth parted in the little 'o' of surprise that Nico loved so much. "I was going to give you this on Christmas, but this seems a good a time as any." Nico said, shoving his hands into his pockets. Will looked down at the gift and unceremoniously ripped of the perfectly wrapped silver paper. He pulled out the object inside and held it up. Nico waited in anticipation, watching to see Will's reaction. In his hands was a stygian steel cuff bracelet with a small sun and skull etched into the surface. "Did you make this?" Will asked frowning. Nico nodded. Hazel had helped his find the metal but he had spent days forming it and carving in the intricately designed sun and skull. His heart sank as he took in Will's frown. He didn't like it. Nico opened his mouth to tell him that he didn't have to wear it. That he would find him something else, when a choked laugh left Will's lips. The taller boy pulled Nico into a bone crushing hug, but let him go before Nico even had a chance to react. "I always knew you were a big softy at heart, Death Boy." Will said affectionately. "You like it?" Nico asked, confused but internally elated at Will's reaction. Will smiled his thousand kilowatt smile and Nico felt his heart reconstructing itself piece by piece. "Of course I like it. I love it." He said, putting the bracelet on his wrist. The dark metal looked strangely out of place against Will's tanned skin and brightly coloured clothing. But Nico smiled at the sight all the same. "So you're not angry at me anymore?" "I was never angry at you Nico." Will told him, placing a hand on his shoulder and sending that small smile he reserved only for the particular son of Hades. "I was just scared was all. Just don't do it again alright?" Will pulled Nico into another hug and the younger boy returned it, doing nothing to stop the resurrected, skeletal butterflies from fluttering around his stomach. "I promise." Nico said. He buried his head into the crook of Will's shoulder and smiled.