tried to squirm in his arms but the pain in her injuries inflamed again causing her to whimper. He held her tighter and a wave of warmth the goddess couldn't identify surged through her. It eased her pain and she could feel her body relaxing from the odd feeling. She was surprised that her injuries started to heal. "Sweet this kid knows some of my skills," Apollo said excitedly. When she loosened up the boy shifted her a little and made her head lean against his chest. Blood rose to her cheeks in embarassment and she screamed inside her mind. This is not happening. All the women looked at Artemis with a knowing smile. Artemis glared at them, a pink tint to her cheeks. "Daughter! What is your explanation for this," Zeus said Artemis didn't answer and instead just stared at the marble floor. It was the after-effects of the Chimera poison, she reasoned. Yes, that was it. "What's your name miss?" He asked softly. "Ar…te…mis," she stuttered, her voice fading with every syllable. "Who—" "Whoa little sis you've got to say your own name right. Say it with me, Arte-mis. Arte- OW! An arrow flew past his head and embedded itself into his throne. A quiet whimper escaped Apollo's throat as he saw Artemis take aim once again. Zeus saw this and decided it was enough," Artemis, no weapons are to be used while we are reading this book". With a sigh from Artemis, the bow vanished with a bright light. "Arty?" the boy interrupted softly. He didn't hear it well and he missed the last syllable of Artemis' name. "Sweet, it rhymes with mine. My name is Percy." Snickers broke out through the room while Hermes said to Apollo," Bro this is your descendent". "Amen brother". The maiden goddess wanted to strangle him for calling her name wrong. She hated the nickname since her annoying brother Apollo kept on calling her that. Apollo put his hands to his chest," I am truly hurt sis. You honestly find me annoying?" "Yes, you are the most annoying person I have ever met," Artemis gritted out. Unfortunately, she found herself nodding trying to be nice with her little savior and the fact that she doesn't have the power to retort with. She was definitely at his mercy. "Amazing Grace, how sweet the sou- OW" "Stop singing". The Huntress still didn't know whether to trust the boy or not. But she could assume that the boy doesn't recognize her. "Probably a good thing," Ares nodded. Seeing the look from Artemis he explained further," Look if Prissy knew who you were then he probably would have been grovelling for forgiveness the entire time and that would have made anyone lose their shit". "That… was actually a pretty logical answer," Athena said, surprised. "Hey I'm smart most of the time," Ares protested. Hephaestus snorted while others laughed chuckled. Hermes coughed behind his hand," Dumbledore". "Where—"Artemis started to ask weakly. The boy interrupted her again. He glanced down at her with concern. "Save your strength Arty. You're still weak and injured. That prayer was just a temporary remedy. "A prayer to the one and only… moi ," Apollo said haughtily. "Oui, vous verrez que beaucoup de gens te prions pour la guérison," Aphrodite said. Apollo scratched his head in confusion," Ehh, What did Dite say"? "She said, 'Yes, You will find that a lot of people pray to you for healing' ," Athena explained. Let's talk about what happened here when you're already in good condition." She nodded again timidly. Artemis wanted to protest, but instead crossed her arms with a huff. She did not do timid Suddenly, she could feel the cold winds touching her skin gently and heard the constant flapping of wings. She then realized that they were flying, perhaps riding the Pegasus. For the first time because of the moonlight, Artemis caught a glimpse of Percy's face showing his glistening sea green eyes. Aphrodite squealed,"They're so beautiful, like the ocean". Everyone, even the males agreed it was kind of like the ocean. Involuntarily, the man-hating goddess snuggled closer in the boy's arms. She never thought that position she was in right now would make her feel warm and cozy. Aphrodite squealed and looked to Artemis, who was looking a bit sick at the thought of being cozy with a male. Zeus narrowed his eyes at the book, he didn't like what it was implying. Weariness took over her because of her almost suicidal attempt for revenge; Artemis felt her eyelids getting heavier. As she closed her eyes ever so slowly, she heard him say softly. "I'll keep you safe." He promised. There were coos from all the women who then glared at their respective husbands/brothers/cousins. They all thought the same thing: Why can't he be as sweet as that? Artemis however was silent as she contemplated what Percy said. He was quite different from other men; he was so brave, very kind and extremely selfless. 'Having him as a fr-friend wouldn't be that bad', she admitted. So she'll reserve her judgement for Percy, see if he exceeds her current opinion of him. And that she drifted to sleep wondering whether something bad would happen to her while unconscious or to just trust the boy who apparently saved her immortal life. Poseidon looked around him as he finished the chapter, "Who will read next," he asked. Hades raised his hand up," I will". AN: So that's it. It was kind of hard to write the first part of this chapter but it got easier as it went on. I'll like to thank Catastrophic Finale for letting me do this. The next chapter should be on in 3-4 days, I've got English HW to start (lol) and it's due tomorrow. Remember Read and Review! EDIT: I looked back on this one hour later and see that I've got heaps of mistakes cuz I was rushing through. So I think it's all fixed now