I met you, and can continue to meet you and talk with you." He smiles then, for real. "How's your head? Heard you were concussed." Piper giggles. "Yeah a little. It's not that bad. Headaches are pretty bad sometimes." "Sucks. I hate concussions. Did I ever tell you I got one by running into a brick wall when I was nine?" "Seriously?" Piper laughs. "Oh dear lord that's great." The little scar on his upper lip twitches. "Yeah." He notices her looking at it. He grins. "This is from when I tried to do battle with, or rather eat, a stapler. Naturally..." "The stapler won." "The stapler won." He agreed. "How are you?" Piper wags her finger at him jokingly. "Nuh-uh, you've already used up your quest-" she breaks off mid-sentence when it feels like someone has just used a jackhammer on her head. Her vision blurs from the the pain and she screams out. Sparky recoils and calls for help. Piper claws at her head, trying to make the pain go away. Her ears are ringing and the pain is extremely intense. Sparky pries her hands away and holds them with his own. Doctors rush into the room, and he moves away. He watches her the whole time as the doctors try to figure out what caused the pain. After almost an hour, Piper's head stops hurting so badly and she curls up on the bed. The doctors decide that the concussion is worse than they thought and maybe the laughter and the moving she'd been doing had worsened it. Sparky is allowed to stay for a little while longer, but Piper is almost completely out, because they pumped her up with pain meds. Even though she's completely out of it, she feels it when he brushes some strands of her hair back and tells her quietly he needs to go. "Sparky.." Piper's voice seems tiny and far away. She sits half up and watches him move away. "Don't go." She sounds weak, like a child. He looks at her before stepping towards her again. "Jason, Piper. My name is Jason Grace." Piper doesn't know what causes her to do it. She doesn't know when it happened, or why. But it did. And she can never take it back. Because somewhere between texts, Skype conversations, library discussions, and philosophical thinking, she's fallen hard for him. When she reaches up and pulls him down, there is willingness on his part. She kisses him, but almost collapses from strain. He kisses her back gently and supports her, before lowering her back down onto her bed. "Jason." She says quietly. He is watching her, bright blue eyes alert. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have." The right corner of his lips twitches up. "You think there hasn't been a moment, from the day I saw you first in the hallway, I wanted to do that? Every moment after has been life's way of shoving it in my face saying, 'Here's this amazing girl who you love. She's beautiful, smart, carefree, funny. Oh look she's a deep thinker. Oh look she likes movies. Oh look she's perfect in every way.' Please don't ever apologize for doing that ever again, because if you hadn't, I think I might have. Because somewhere, I could never tell you exactly when, I realized that I was denying it. I'm hopelessly in love with you and if you apologize, you're going to make me feel really awkward." Piper blushes and watches him. His blue eyes seem to crackle with life. He sits back in the chair and watches her back carefully. She decides her words carefully. "As long as you never leave me, Jason Grace, I have no plans of apologizing ever again." He smiles. "And why would I ever leave you? God only knows." He pauses, noticing her crushed phone. "I like hearing my real name from you." Piper smirks. "Nah, I like Sparky better." Naturally, she kisses him again. Author's Note: And I'm back from Japan with more Jasper. JAPAN IS FREAKING AMAZING! The only thing that disappointed me was that I went there and couldn't fine anything for Pokémon worth buying D: It made me really sad because I absolutely adore Pokémon. Also, tried out the new Smash Bros for WiiU in Japanese for the first time. Let me just say, it's gorgeous and super fun. I'll have to save up for it. Lucina is boss. Anyways, hope you enjoyed more Jasper fluff. The whole, bumping into a guy and not finding out his name, but getting his number and giving him a ridiculous nickname actually happened to my friend. Only they ended up having a massive fight, and hardly ever speaking again, but I'm still friends with both of them. And I ship them. Majorly. And yes, I did write the quote that has made it's way as the description of this story. I used it as a philosophical question in English for an essay, and I would be honoured if you used it for anything, so honestly go ahead, but give credit. Here's the full quote because in my mind, it's the best part of the story. " People cannot accurately be described in words. Because words have definitions, but people do not. You cannot hope to encompass all of a person's being and innermost thoughts in a group of words. That would take thousands of undefined and ever-changing words. People cannot be written into pages or made meaningless by being spoken or unspoken. We are all unique and cannot be described by even the most eloquent a speaker. " It took a damn long time to think of it and damn it, I'm proud. Keep your eyes open for more soon, maybe something Scorose for Harry Potter, or maybe a multi-chapter I've been planning. Who knows? Thanks for reading and all the positive stuff on Perfectly Imperfect. It makes me jump for joy. Literally. Don't forget to speak up! ~ the people speak ~