men touched more and the women moved much more than just the simple movements. The smaller man rolled his eyes and fixed Percy's hands before setting him back on the right path. He wasn't even listening to the song anymore, just focusing on Nico and how to move right by him. "Look... you've got it." Nico smirked, watching Percy's feet and steps fall into place as he stopped thinking too hard about each move, instead letting his mind wonder to whatever it was that got him to go blank like this was... of course not knowing it was himself. "Can you handle a dip?" he whisper asked, cocking his head and Percy managed to nod, worried he'd mess up and drop the boy. "Good, tighten your grip around my waist... put your food there- not there! Here!" He groaned, fixing Percy's placement and sighing. "There.. bend forward and let me fall into your arms." Percy gulped, doing everything the instructor told him to do before he let Nico fall, the boy arching his back beautiful over his arm like a cat, his chocolate brown orbs never leaving sea green ones and Percy found himself blushing like mad. "Pull me up." Nico whispered, and Percy did as he was told. He adjusted his footing, pulling his raven haired partner up and the younger did, moving like a swan in the lake... Percy was smitten with him. "There... that wasn't so hard, was it?" Nico nearly purred, Percy's hands still holding onto him, clinging to him to get every inch of his cool skin through that ebony shirt. "Guess not..." Percy whispered, staring down at him before Nico's eyes darted away, hearing the song end with a last, beautiful note. He stepped away, as did the other couples. He sighed and shook his head, walking away from Percy who still wasn't good at dancing... but no longer was terrible. Will stepped forward, capturing the eyes of the goers, a smile on his tan face. "I believe we have some extra time... about half an hour... how about we go over a few different moves... advanced... moves." He seemed to glare at Percy when he said that, as if Percy couldn't keep up. He couldn't, but he would try... he wanted to impress Nico after all. Nico didn't even seem to see Percy any longer after he pressed play and the sweet sounds of Coricolli's Work (Water) began to pour out. He wondered the studio, a water bottle in hand, a stern look upon his features as if to tell the dancers that they needed to get this right. He passed by a tall blonde, glaring at him before rolling his eyes and using his finger to shove the blonde's glasses up. "Get contacts Jason." He growled, he knew this man. Sally took her son's hand, no longer taken by Will, and took the last thirty minutes to dance with him, as she had intended." "I hope you're having fun... the teachers seem... to know what they're doing." It was a nice way for her to say they seemed a little tense, or at least Nico did. "He does..." Percy sighed, watching the raven from afar before his mother's voice poked through. The blonde had taken it upon himself to take Nico's hand, leading him in a complex, perfect array of dance moves that no one could replicate. The way Nico's body moved with each step, dip and spin made Percy's... and Will's hearts flutter.. Nico was all he could think about and he didn't even know the guy, he felt like a Disney Princess, in love before even knowing the truth. – – By the time the lesson was over, Percy was dying of thirst. He rushed to the water fountain before anyone else did, not noticing that everyone else brought water bottles and were staring at him as a rookie. He gulped the water down, savoring the taste of it and smiling when he pulled away to breath. He adored water... it was his favorite, to be honest. When he retracted, he nearly screamed, standing beside him was the young raven teacher himself. "Am I in your way?" He asked nervously and Nico shook his head. "Here..." Percy held out his hand, cocking his head in confusion. Nico placed a black business card in his palm. "Giving me your number already? We haven't even gotten to the first date." Percy joked, winking and completely noticing the raven's blush... weird. "I'm giving you my phone number, yes... but it's for extra help... you're a horrible dancer." He nearly laughed and Percy did, loudly, making people look over and Nico glare. "Next time... find a beginner's class... you stick out like a sore thumb... tell your mother to come to the advanced..." He smirked, walking away... Percy paused ans sighed softly... Nico was a weird guy. He pocketed the card and walked to get his mother from her new found group of mothers to chat with. He got her into the car after she exchanged numbers with a few women her age or older, after all, Percy was the youngest here, he could already tell. – – Paul met them back at home, the card burning a hole in Percy's jean pocket. He kissed his wife softly and smiled. "So how was the dance class? I wish I could have gone!" Percy smiled and shook his head. "It was great... I had a lot of fun.." "I want to go back some time, the instructor, Will... he said I was a natural!" She laughed. Percy nodded. He was going to go back too, but for another reason. – – I have no idea why this came out of my brain but here you go, I WILL ONLY MAKE THIS A MULTI-CHAP FIC IF YOU ALL COMMENT AND SAY YOU WANT IT TO BE. IF it is, I have many ideas, if not, here you go. I hope you enjoyed, please review and favorite!