was a sword that could transform into a bracelet and shield that transformed into a watch. I silently thanked Juno as I left for Camp Jupiter. It took me two weeks to arrive to Camp Jupiter. I would have been there sooner if I wasn't attacked by the manticore on my way here. My fight with the manticore was my first real monster fight. I thought I was good as a result of my training with Lupa but I was extremely wrong as I barely escaped that fight with my life. In the end, I was able to killed the monster at the last minute by summoning a lightning bolt. I got the horn of the manticore as a spoil of war as it was there after he disappeared. After the fight, I was extremely tired and injured but I managed to make it to the gates of Camp Jupiter before I passed out. When I woke up, I was in the camp's infirmary. I looked around for someone but no one was around. I got up out of bed and decided to explore. When I opened the door, two guards were waiting for me. They were dressed in all gold armor from head to toe. The two guards were males and I still do not know their names to this day but they escorted me to the Senate Hall. In the senate Hall, I met the two current Praetors. The 1st Praetor's name was George. And he was a son of Mars. George was about 6'5 and he had an extremely built body. His eyes were as red as a flame and they seemed to instill fear. He had black hair and an angular face. The 2nd Praetor's name was Amanda and she was a daughter of Venus. She was one of the prettiest girls that I have ever met in my life. She had long, blond hair and dazzling blue eyes. She had a slim, tall, athletic body and an aura of seriousness. I told the Praetors my story and gave them the letters of recommendations that Lupa had presented me with. They praised me for being a son of Jupiter and told me that I would bring honor to the Twelfth Legion. They immediately placed me into the 1st cohort as they said I deserve to be in it. Amanda told me that she and George were in the first too and that it is the most honorable cohort. I was happy that I was placed in the 1st cohort but I did not like that I was placed in it solely based on my lineage. I knew at that point that I was going to prove to everyone that I was more than just a son of Jupiter. George summoned the centurion of the of the 1st cohort and he came very quickly. The centurion of the first cohort was a stocky boy with dark black hair and red eyes like George. His name was Darrel and he is also a son of Mars. The praetors placed me in his care and sent us away. Me and Darrel immediately bonded and he became my personal trainer. He told me that he wanted to be my mentor because he knew that I would take over the camp eventually. He told me that it was my destiny and that he wanted the honor helping me to do so. Darrel introduced to the cohort later that evening and they all seemed pretty cool. I felt like I was at home when I was around them. I eventually met my now best friend, Frank Zhang. Frank is a son of Mars and a member of the 1st cohort. He was about my height and he was 12 years old just like me. He had dark black hair and red eyes. For the next two months, he was my training partner and we increasingly became closer. As two months passed, I got a dream from Juno that my life was about to change. She told me to prepare myself and I obeyed by training harder. I often wondered what was coming. I often wondered what could be so important that Juno contacted me. Whatever it is, I promise you that it will not prevent me from leading Romans into the next dynasty. Lupa When Percy left, I was left alone with my thoughts. I was thinking about Percy and Jason. Both demigods are extremely strong and they even have the potential to surpass Romulus and Remus. My only concern is that they are too much like their fathers. Jason seeks power and prestige whilst Percy seeks honor and glory. Jason will be starting at the top of the food chain while Percy will be starting at the bottom. Both demigods have something to prove. Both demigods have the motivation and determination to achieve their goals. Both demigods want to be the best. Stories like this only have two endings. Either they will unite and lead Rome to greatness or they will clash and lead Rome to its destruction. For Jupiter's sake, I hope they don't possess the stubbornness of their parents but only time will tell. Hey guys: For those who have read my previous stories. My apologies for not finishing them but I have simply lost motivation for them. I hope you like this story though and thank you for your support. For those who are new to my stories. I really hope you liked this story. It is my first in a long time and I hope you continue to support me. For everyone: Review! Let me know what you like so far and what you would like to see. it is not a guarantee that I will use your ideas but I will consider. I will write the next chapter but I will not post it until I have at least 20 reviews. Also, follow my community " Awesome PJO Stories " for a reservoir of great stories.