must want to go out and hunt some more and I'm probably wasting your time." Percy tried to drop subtle hints to let her know he was a demigod and knew who she was, or who her group was rather, while not tipping John off to anything suspicious. Zoë's eyes widened in shock and she turned to face John again. "I hope you don't mind, but Percy here will be taking your spot at our table today." John shook his head as Zoë led Percy away. " I don't mind at all," and then, under his breath, "I don't remember telling him they were a group of hunters." Percy and Zoë heard him, but obviously ignored him and went over to what Percy presumed was the table they normally sat at. The fact it was set up in the back of the room with no tables nearby confirmed his suspicion. As soon as they arrived at the table Zoë shoved Percy into a chair roughly and sat next to him. "Who's your father?" Percy looked at Zoë curiously while her and the other hunters glared at him. "I'm not at liberty to say, swore on the Styx." Zoë cursed and hit the table, causing a glass of water to fall and spill on the table, giving Percy and idea. "Now I may not be able to tell you, but I know a way to show you." Zoë looked at him stoically. "And why should I believe that you're just going to randomly tell me?" Percy shook his head and smirked. "I don't, because I except something in return." Zoë snarled and leaned close to him. "Why is it so important to me who your godly parent is?" Percy shrugged and got up from the table. "Maybe it's not, but you have to consider the fact that I'm sixteen and haven't ever been to camp Half-Blood. I'm either going to be really powerful to stay alive, or so unimportant I'm hardly ever attacked." Percy could practically see the gears turning in her head as he casually walked away. "Wait!" Percy turned to her with a smirk on his face. "Yes, Zoë?" Percy could practically hear her grinding her teeth together from halfway across the room. "What could you possibly want from us?" Percy realized there was nothing he even remotely wanted. Unless… "How often do you get attacked by monsters?" Zoë and the other huntresses looked at each other confused. "Not often, we mostly go after them. Why?" Percy made his way back to the table and sat down with a smile. "So you like hunting monsters?" Zoë frowned slightly but nodded her head. "I don't see how this is relevant." Percy leaned forwards and placed his hands like he was an important businessman. "I believe I have a proposition we can both benefit from." Zoë gave him a motion to continue. "My father is powerful… powerful enough that I'm getting to the age I literally can't survive the year. The only reason I'm here now is because he feels guilty for something that happened and agreed to eliminate my scent until I use my powers again." Zoë nodded in understanding although it was obvious she was still a little lost, along with the rest of the hunters. "I'm just gonna be blunt now. I travel with you, I attract more monsters than you've ever dealt with, and in return I get safe passage until I find my… actually, what I'm looking for isn't important. Do we have a deal?" Percy stuck out his hand and Zoë made no move to take it. "I swear on the Styx I will never take advantage of any hunters, actually… I swear I wont take advantage of any girl… ever." Thunder rumbled overhead as mortals glanced out the window and muttered something about a freak storm approaching. "Why would you swear that?" Percy looked up and met Zoë's eyes while frowning. "You know it's sad to me what the world has come to, that it surprises people a guy would never take advantage of a woman." Zoë just gaped slightly and stuck out her hand. "I'll accept your deal, but only if you pay for our meal." Zoë smirked and Percy silently cursed. He didn't have a single penny, which is why he came here. Honestly it didn't surprise him that Zoë noticed that. "I'll be right back." The water from all the glasses on the table suddenly covered Percy, and when it suddenly shot back to its respective glass he was gone. "Cowardly male probably ran away." Barely had the hunter finished when Percy reappeared with a splash of water. "Ok, I just robbed a bank, so I'm pretty well off for now, but I'm not gonna be able to show my face in the mortal world for a while." Sirens were heard wailing down the street while Percy brushed dust off his shoulder. "How'd you get out son of Poseidon, if you need water to teleport?" Percy looked up at Zoë and winked. "That's gonna be my little secret for now." Zoë growled at him but he didn't even flinch. "The hydra's growl was scarier." Zoë looked at him in shock. "You know, seven heads and all made it a little louder than yours." Percy got up and walked over to John, who was talking to a customer and handed him a big wad of cash. "I think the hunters are covered anytime they come through here, seems fair enough right?" John started flipping through the cash and looked up at Percy in awe. "Yes, I belive this is more than enough to cover them." Percy smiled and shook his hand. "Good, I'll be coming to visit you whenever I find time." The old man smiled happily before turning back to his other customers and resuming his conversation. Percy returned to the hunters' table with a small smile. "Eat up… your gonna need the energy for all the monsters I just attracted."