Lou Ellen held up the book, grinning. "It's right in here!" She glanced over to the bed of slumbering babies, before flicking to the required page in her spell book and taking a deep breath. "You ready for them to be turned back?" she asked, glancing over at the others. "So ready," Will breathed dramatically, causing Nico to chuckle a little as he squeezed his boyfriend's hand. Lou grinned at them, before turning back to face the babies, closing her eyes as she began to chant the spell… "I still don't understand why I woke up with a pacifier in my mouth." "Maybe it's because you snore. Like, really loudly ." "Or because you talk in your sleep and you needed to be shut up. It could be either one, really." Percy scowled at Annabeth and Piper as they each jabbed at his ego, teasing him. "Ha ha, very funny," he grumbled, rolling his eyes at them. Jason rubbed his lower back. "What I can't understand is how I woke up with a pain in my backside, on the ground, and Leo asleep on my legs." Leo laughed a little, his arm around Calypso's waist. "I said I was sorry, didn't I?" "Dude, you almost drooled on me!" "Well, to be fair, Piper was the one on the bed when we woke up," Calypso pointed out, looking over at the daughter of Aphrodite. Percy scoffed, narrowing his eyes at Piper, who was blushing slightly. "Piper was the only one on the bed when we woke up," he pointed out, causing the others to laugh. Nico watched them with a smile as he walked behind them, his hands in his pockets. They hadn't yet asked him why he hadn't been found asleep with them at all, or why he had been standing on the other side of the room, laughing so hard he was clutching his stomach, when Percy's head popped up from where he was on the floor when he was the first to wake up, his hair even messier than it usually was and a green pacifier in his mouth. And, to be honest, he was pretty glad they hadn't asked yet. He wasn't sure he was ready to explain to them how Lou Ellen had managed to change them all into babies, and how he and Will had been forced to take care of them for about a day and a half. He was pretty sure that Leo would end up whining about and doubting how well he'd been taken care of by the son of Hades, and Nico didn't really want to explain how he'd had to sit Leo away from the others so many times … "Nico!" The son of Hades looked up to see that he was standing at the door of the infirmary, and he looked towards the source of the call of his name. He smiled when he realised it was Will, standing not too far from the infirmary itself and waving at him. "Hey, Nico!" Nico turned again, and noticed the other six heading towards the mess hall, Jason being the one waving at him this time. "You wanna grab something to eat with us?" the blonde called out again, the other five hesitating in their walk to see what Nico's answer would be. Nico hesitated, glancing over at the son of Apollo, before looking back over at Jason and waving back at him. "Not today! I'll catch up with you guys later!" he called out, before heading over to his boyfriend. When he reached Will, he took his hand, smiling up at him. "You called?" Will nodded, blushing slightly as his lips quirked up into a smile. "I, uh… I have something for you." Nico frowned slightly at him. "Something for me…?" he asked slowly, raising an eyebrow. Will nodded, settling for a smile, before beginning to lead Nico in the direction of the camp cabins. "Come on," he said, walking along and tugging his boyfriend along behind him. Just as they passed the Apollo cabin, Nico frowned a little, opening his mouth to ask where they were going. If Will had something for him, wouldn't it be in his cabin, with all of his stuff? That's when he realised they were actually heading to the Hades cabin. "Will…" he asked slowly, almost cautiously, "what have you done to my cabin…?" Will just grinned back at him. "You'll just have to wait and see." Eventually, the pair reached the Hades cabin door – still as black and creepy as ever, though with fewer skulls and more ghostly designs – and Will turned to Nico with a grin. "Close your eyes." Nico's frown deepened at the light-hearted demand, but at the look Will was giving him he just rolled his eyes and did as he was told, closing his eyes and holding Will's hand more tightly. "Done it." For a few moments, nothing happened as Nico heard his cabin door being opened. Then Nico felt himself being pulled into the cabin, and the door being shut quietly behind him. "Okay, you can open your eyes now." Nico's eyes fluttered open, and his jaw dropped. Nothing much had really changed about the cabin… apart from the candles scattered around the room that were lit, and the blanket in the middle of the cabin floor, with a basket of food sitting on it. There were black rose petals littered around the room – on the floor, on the few beds that actually occupied the room… – and the faintly floral scent from the candles wafted around the room. Nico was so in shock that he didn't realise Will had led him over to the blanket of food. "You did this… for me…?" the son of Hades asked slowly, his eyes still wide. Will nodded enthusiastically, smiling at him. He gave Nico a peck on the cheek. "Happy Valentine's Day, Nico." He grinned at him. "Now, let's have dinner." So, what do you think? Review!