offense again." "Why do they always put us on offense?" Kali asked. "Why do the First and Second get the best of everything?" Raina answered with a question. "It's called a century-old grudge, Kali." "You mean the eagle thing?" Kali wanted to know. "That's ridiculous. That quest to Alaska twenty years ago recovered it, right? And the members of that quest were all in the Fifth!" "Some things never change, Kali," Raina sighed. "You can fight for your rights and your beliefs and for your reputation as long as you want, but if humans are convinced of something, they won't change about it. It's how we operate." "Pessimism," Amicus coughed. Raina shot him a venomous glare Kali was glad she wasn't the receiving end of. "Looks like little Raina Starfall made some new fweinds!" Julia appeared out of nowhere, smiling in a nasty way, talking in a baby voice. "A son of Pluto and a daughter of Hecate. You sure do keep good company, Starfall." "What's that supposed to mean?" Amicus demanded. "Nothing you understand, newbie," Julia said. "Be careful, Raina. You might get-gasp!-attached to them." "Don't you have somewhere to be a loser in, Julia?" Raina said, her voice like poison. "For your information, you are the loser, sweetie. No friends, no family, destined to-" Julia was cut off by Raina, who looked frantic. "I think I can see Cal and Allison looking our way," Raina said, her voice a little desperate. "How do you think they'll like a someone bullying the newbie?" Julia rolled her eyes. "Losers," she said, smiling wickedly. "Really. You guys are such losers. It makes perfect sense for you guys to sit together. I think you should start a band called the Losers. Or, no, wait." She smiled acidly. "How about the Misfits?" she laughed as she sauntered away. "I really hate that girl," Kali said as she watched her sashay away. "She's so mean." "It's a camp trait," Raina said, shaking her head, while slightly smiling. Amicus studied her carefully. "I guess it does." All, right! That was Chapter One of Misfits! I FINALLY FINISHED WRITING IT! WOO! OK, first off, I'd like to say a few things. I wanted to write Misfits because I wanted to shed light on some of the darker parts of Greek/Roman Mythology, the PJO/HoO world, and, ultimately, humanity. I want to write more about the more ignored parts of the books-Underworld gods, Camp Jupiter(YOU KNOW IT'S TRUE!), and some glossed-over things. It's not rated T, at least for now, but go away if you like funny one-shots and Percabeth fluff(I love Percabeth as much as the next person, but this isn't a high school AU if that's what you came for, and somehow didn't notice). I'd also like to say: I know the cover image is of another book/Tv show/anime character called Danica, but the cover is what I envisioned Raina to look like, so, yes, I'm aware that the person in the art isn't even part of the PJO/HoO universe. Also: I DO NOT OWN PERCY JACKSON AND THE OLYMPIANS OR HEROES OF OLYMPUS. THOSE BELONG TO RICK RIORDAN. I DO NOT OWN THE COVER ART, IT BELONGS TO AMAZING ARTIST VIRIA13. This is the first and last disclaimer I'm doing, because disclaimers are stupid. I'm obviously not Rick or Viria. Don't expect a lot of "original" characters in here. As said, their glory days are over. There might be a mentioning or two, and one character is going to be particularly focused on, but other than that, this is mostly going to be OC's, which I promise will not be Mary-Sues. AND IF YOU HAVE NOTHING GOOD TO SAY, DON'T EFFING SAY ANYTHING AT ALL. THIS GOES TO YOU, OC-HATERS, AND YOU, GRAMMAR POLICE. I accept constructive criticism, but if you're going to go: "Ur fnfic is stupid and dum fuk u" or "In line 10 word six you misspelled you're" than get the hell out of here. I'm not gonna respond, and not going to be affected, but I'd rather my reviews be coherent, intelligent REVIEWS, not some kid who enjoys insulting people. And I know my effing grammar. I use Microsoft Word. I HAVE SPELL CHECK. IT'S CALLED A TYPO, EVER HEARD OF IT? I'm not going to be random and be an extra-cheerful author who puts author notes in the middle of the story, because this story is mostly dark and gritty. I take my writing seriously, and despite popular belief, fanfiction is real literature. It's so real 50 Shades of Grey got published and got millions of dollars, and it was a Twilight fanfiction originally, I heard(figures it was a Twilight fanfic). Even though I don't really think 50 Shades of Grey is real literature. But I digress. AND DON'T SWEAR IN THE REVIEWS, PLEASE. I don't need to hear vulgar language to know you liked or disliked my story. There are many, many words in the English language. Use the good ones, for my sake and yours. And don't be a hater if I don't do super-fast updates. I'm a human being. I have a life outside of this. I don't spend my entire day on this website. I have homework, a family, and other writing projects. Be human. One last thing. If you're uncomfortable by words such as "hell" "fricking" "dam" "schist"(these exact forms, not the real ones) than I advise you to leave. The main characters are adolescent, they need to swear in some way. This isn't the goddamn Sesame Street. I dedicate this chapter, and story, to my best friend in real life, malkimo12, who, besides helping me out of a really dark time in my life and sticking by my side through thick and thin, is an all-around awesome person and supports all my stories, fanfic or not. She doesn't have any fanfics yet, but if she does in future, I advise you to go read them. She's pretty cool. Stay awesome, Loki! -The Mourning Sage