counter and he burned whatever he had against the teacher and the girls and boys were communicating and having small amounts of fun but still working hard to be educated. But then I opened the door. I saw an array of colors flying through the air. That could only mean one thing. . . Water guns. They had Water guns. Except they weren't filled with water. Paint. They were filled with paint. Every single boy except for Grover had a black water pistol. Whizzing paint into the air. Each line of the thick liquid finding it's way to Mrs. Hestia. "Children stop it! No! Please don't!" The teacher yelled between each squirt. Then one landed in her mouth and she stopped talking, which was followed by the sound of claps on and the backs and multiple people yelling 'Bullseye!' "How that for target practice?" Ethan chuckled, causing both Leo and Jason to burst into a fit of laughter. "What are those?" Mrs. Hestia asked, apparently, she swallowed the paint, which was actually really bad come to think of it. I wonder if she'll be okay. "They're water pistols." Nico said. "Yeah, we got them from Percy," Leo piped up. "He a genius. He the one who thought of the idea of filling these things up with ink instead of water." Okay, so it was ink, not paint. That's even worse. Ink doesn't even wash out! Well, neither does paint but, whatever. They shouldn't be spraying anything! Percy just stood there in his usual spot at the back of the room, the only blue pistol in his hand. He didn't do anything when the boys approached Mrs. Hestia, forming a half circle around her, pinning her against the wall. "Please kids, no more. I've had enough," she pleaded, but they didn't let up. I sighed. "This is never going to-" "No, stop!" Mr. Bacchus jumped up in front of Mrs. Hestia, which earned him 11 good squirts all over his body. The boys laughed, he didn't. "This game is over, boys! Gimme those water guns and sit down, or you'll all be sorry!" he yelled over the noise, which gave me a nice trip to Headache City. "Is that so?" Everyone quieted down at the voice that was never often heard in the classroom. All boys, and the girls, and the teachers, and well, me, turned around to see Percy, his earbuds finally out of his stupid head and strewn across his shoulders. The whole scene was actually quite attractive, but saying that would technically be cheating on Malcolm, so I didn't. He stood up, his eyebrows furrowed and his lips curved down into this really cute frown that made him look like a rebellious little. . . monkey! A rebellious little monkey. Heh. I was totally going to say monkey. "Are you gonna. . . do something?" he asked, his eyes clouded with basically every bad emotion. Anger, betrayal, intimidation. Insanity. He held up two polaroids, both turned around so that all you could see was the white backside. "Because, I don't mind going public with these, if that's fine with you." His voice, was quiet and low and slow, and smooth, yet gravelly, it was like drugs on my ears. I loved the sound of it. I snuck a glance that teachers, and saw that their looks of anger and authority disappeared and had been replaced with looks of utter horror. "I'll just expose you adults for what you really are. Is that what you really want to do?" He aimed his gun to take another shot at the teachers but just before he could pull the trigger. Except he didn't get to. Suddenly, a bright blue splotch appeared on his eye and he dropped the gun. Everyone looked towards the direction the shot came from, but I knew exactly who it was. It was me. I picked up an extra gun and shot him, and thankfully I hit my target. Everyone looked at him, then at me, then back at him, and then back at me, who just squirted the school's scariest bully in the face. He glared at me and I looked right back at him with the same scary look he only reserved for me and wiped some of the ink of his face with his shirt sleeve. "Now then," I said. "Let's start with you shutting up." Ok so this chapter clocked in at: Pages: 21 Words: 8366 Ok, so my objective for this story is to bring anime to the book world, so yes, this is Kodocha for those who noticed. But relax, I don't own it and I'm gonna change the ending because it sucked and inserted some different parts. So yeah. Ok. You guys are probably really confused so I'll explain. Malcolm is Annabeth's chauffeur, manager, and boyfriend. He always wears sunglasses and never takes them off. You'll find out more about his past and who he really is later. Annabeth is an outgoing child TV star. He thinks Malcolm is her boyfriend because she's still kinda childish and doesn't seem to notice that one, Malcolm is way too old. He's about 24. And two, she's way too young. She's thirteen. Percy is a rebellious hellion. He has rough past. He has some family I'll tell you about later and right now everything is kinda a mystery for him. Percy does not have a secret crush on Annabeth. They are truly enemies right now. Annabeth is really OOC right now but don't worry, she'll chill a little later on. And it's an AU anyways, she can be as different as I need her to be. Okay guys, please review even if it's to criticize me. But please don't hate, it can take 'Oh fix your sentence structure' but I can't take 'You freaking suck!' Um, I'll answer questions next chapter in the beginning AN, and people follow and favorite! Thanks! I don't own Percy Jackson or Kodocha. Follow your dreams. BaiBai! -CeCe