and Piper and Leo clumsily caught Annabeth's motionless body as it slipped from Percy's grasp. Within seconds, the stretchers were unfolded and Annabeth was placed on one. Percy just shook his head, and insisted on walking next to Annabeth. His body swayed downwards when he walked, his body unable to provide any more effort. The cuts on his lower legs opened and began bleeding, soaking through his pants and creating bloody footsteps as he stumbled to maintain his balance. Nico could tell he was in enormous pain, but he didn't understand why Percy was refusing help. "You're half-dead, Percy," Nico said, steadying his friend. "You just need to calm down and rest." Percy ignored the son of Hades and did his best to keep up with the pace that Annabeth was being carried back into the Argo II. He stared at Annabeth's body on the stretcher with a face free of emotion, except for those reddened sad eyes he wore. When they got outside of the cave and onto the gangplank, he stumbled and briefly fell from the agonizing light again, but Jason helped him up and kept a firm grip on his arm as they proceeded onward up the ramp. An agonizing silence hovered over the demigods. It was hard to say any words of comfort towards Percy when he looked the way he did, and it was out of the question to try to talk to him about Annabeth. The only option was to stay silent for the moment, so that's what they did, all the way up to the sickbay. "We've got it from here, Percy, it's alright," Piper said, patting his shoulder gingerly. "She'll be just fine." Percy turned his gaze towards Piper's hand with in silence, staring at it until she raised her hand off his shoulder and walked the stretcher into the sickbay with Hazel, who gave him one last sad nod before closing the door behind her. "Come on, dude." Leo took one of Percy's arms (with Jason taking the other, and Frank and Nico following silently). "Let's get you to the kitchen. You look skinnier than my cousin Angelina on her deathbed." Percy shook his head stiffly. "No. I just-" His voice caught in his throat and he coughed violently into a hand, leaving it slick with blood. "Oh my gods..." Jason stared at the bloody hand in disbelief and then back at Leo. "That's not good." Leo returned Jason's gaze with an open mouthed look of surprise, shaking his head slowly. "N-no, no it's not. Percy, you need medical help, or-or something. " "Did Percy cough up b-blood...?" Frank gulped, scrunching his shirt up in his fists as though he felt the pain in his own chest. He looked so spooked his skin was turning pale; he looked like he was going to throw up. "Yes, Frank, he did. If you're too squeamish you can go see if Coach Hedge has peeled himself away from his Kung-Fu marathon long enough to know that we actually found Percy and Annabeth. Last thing Percy needs is to watch you throwing up." "I...I just want to sit." Percy injected, craning his neck towards Jason, sea green eyes meeting sky blue. "No medicine, nothing. Just…sit." He sighed and hung his head, as if his neck was unable to support the weight of his head any longer. The other boys pursed their lips, but it was Nico that was the next to speak. "We can take you to your, uh, room and-" "I want to see the stars." "Oh. Uh..." Nico's eyebrows raised and then furrowed. "We can...stick a chair up on the deck. And uh..." "We'll bring you some food. Ambrosia or something." Jason agreed. "But I don't think it's a good idea to leave you alone, Perce." "Good..." He breathed back in response, reading up to weakly smear away a drip of blood from his lips. "I'm...glad." Leo shook his head, but—for once—said nothing. After Frank fetched the extra metal chairs from the dining hall, Jason and Leo carefully led Percy to the box of the ship. The son of Poseidon hung limp in the support of his friends, doing his best on walking by his own, but failing. "There you go." Jason set his friend on the chair and glanced upwards. "Good thing the sky is clear tonight. I've never seen brighter stars." There was a tired, small smile on Percy's face and he agreed silently, though his eyes were glued on the twinkling orbs above them. They looked like…like light shining on the other side of a wall that had been punctured by a million bullets. Percy stared until he began feeling light-headed. "Whoa, hey!" Leo was the first one to notice when the son of Poseidon passed out, and he unsurely poked Percy's slack face. "You okay, man?" Of course, Percy didn't respond. His head was rolled onto his shoulder and his eyes were only halfway shut, exposing the whites. A tiny stream of drool escaped the corner of his lips. "He'll be fine." Once he checked for a pulse and found it there, Jason just stood back up straight and sighed. "He needed some rest." For a minute, they were silent, kind of looking at one another and at their unconscious friend uncertainly. "We should check on the girls." The other two nodded, and they turned and walked uncertainly away, leaving Percy asleep in the stillness of the coming night. oOo Thanks for reading our very first chapter of our story! Sorry it's kind of...well, this chapter was just a chunk of a bigger chapter that was going to be our first, but it turned out to be over 10,000 words so we needed to cut it off early. Don't worry, though, there WILL BE MORE CHAPTERS. And a bunch more fluff. A ton. Percabeth galore. Don't lose hope on this story, it will be fantastic. Next chapter especially, I think y'all will like. :) Don't forget to review, please!