was always just Percy, not this big hero everyone made him out to be. He was a big loser and she loved him for a it. Hazel thought of Percy as her brother and therein lied her problem. She didn't think Nico was dangerous either, even though he could summon zombies. I mean, come on, can you get more dangerous than that? For gods sake, Frank was more dangerous than he was in her mind, and he was the farthest thing from dangerous you could get. No, Percy Jackson was not dangerous. She of course had heard the stories, but she like all others made the mistake of treating them as exaggerations. Oh, that was such a mistake. She believed him to be this carefree happy puppy of a man who followed Annabeth around. You weren't in any danger unless she decided he could be. The only thing he could attack were maybe their ankles. Sure, she was still nervous around him. She was nervous around guys in general, to be honest. She still obeyed the rules of the 1940s, so men in general were to be avoided. Percy was loud and big, so he sometimes scared her with his hyperactiveness. But she never thought of him as particularly dangerous until then. It was a quiet day in Camp Jupiter, and four of them were hanging on the banks of the Tiber River: Frank, Annabeth, Percy and Hazel. They were lazing around on a blanket eating and laughing at something Percy said, everything happy and calm. Of course, that couldn't last. She was just biting into sandwich when a hellhound knocked into her. Typical. She struggled underneath the huge mass, trying to push it off. Frank was quick to his feet, but he was too late. The hellhound will have killed her before he could've helped. IT left as soon as it came, the weight lifted off her chest. She felt something wet drip on her face, whether it was saliva or water, she never knew. She opened her eyes. The hellhound was suspended two feet above her in ropes of water, staring down at her in hatred. She looked over to see Percy not even concentrating. He was still eating his food, for gods sake! With a flick of his hand, the hellhound was smashed on the bottom of the Tiber river into dust, the river current drawing the pieces apart. He looked up at her and grinned, mouth full of peanut butter. She chuckled nervously, getting up slowly. Frank rushed her and scooped her up in his arms, hugging her to his chest. "Don't you ever do that to me again." he whispered, hugging her tighter. "I can't promise that," she said, looking back at the black-haired boy laughing with Annabeth. Maybe he was dangerous. LINE BREAK Annabeth had known Percy for years. She had fought with him, she had cried with him, she had hated him, she had loved him. She thought she knew everything about him. She knew the way he always crinkled his nose when he was happy, or the way his eyes held so much light that it blinded her on a daily basis. She knew how much guilt he felt over each and every death. He may have been the hero of Olympus, but he was more than that. He was sweet, and funny and a clutz and her Seaweed Brain. He was always messing up, but he always found a way to make things right. Percy still wasn't bitter at the gods and he always had a smile on his face. He was hers and hers alone. She knew she was safe with him, no matter where or what they were facing. He was the one constant in her life. He was always there, always there to comfort her and protect her. (not that she needed protecting) And after Tartarus… well who else was going to hold her while she had a panic attack or comfort her while she cried? She never thought that he needed someone like that. It was a Thursday at Goode High on that fateful day. It was C block history, and Annabeth was already having a bad day. She had gotten a B+ on a Calculus test and had gotten three hours of sleep due to a hellhound attack. She was pretty much done . She walked alone down the hall between classes, not even bothering to go to her next class. She heard something that sounded like… was that crying? Wow, that's awkward. She really didn't want to deal with that at the moment. But, as she passed the cracked door of the classroom, she froze. She recognized that voice. Percy? She peered into the classroom, confused as all hell. She had been through literal hell, she knew what she was talking about. Percy sat, curled up into a ball on the floor of the classroom. Crying his eyes out. He wasn't a pretty crier either. No, he was the red faced, choking sobs, struggling to breathe crier. She didn't know what to do. He was always the strong one, the one whose shoulder she had to cry on. He wasn't the one who cried. At least, she didn't think he was. She was proven so wrong. She walked into the room, slowly crouching to touch his shoulder. He didn't even move. He just continued sobbing. She began to gently rub his back, setting herself down on the ground beside him. "It's okay," she murmured quietly, unsure of what to say. "It's okay. You'll be okay. It's okay," she repeated over and over, trying to gently soothe her boyfriend. "It's okay, it's not your fault, it's ok…" She continued on until his sobs grew into hiccups. "It's all my fault," he said brokenly. "I killed all of them. I killed all of them. I don't deserve to be alive." Tartarus didn't hurt her the way his words did. That was the day her heart truly broke.