voice box due to smoke damage when his orphanage burned down to the ground thanks to some fire spirit that attacked him, lucky we were in the neighbourhood when it happened and we were able to save and recruited the boy. He was one of the oldest surviving members of our groups and has saved many of our lives since joining are group. Brad continued to sit by himself, if he was annoyed he didn't show it. Brad always seemed to be the outcast amongst are group, he was always sitting by himself, always doing stuff his own way but unlike others he was different by choice. He chooses his actions and did not let his nature get in the way of them. He is fiercely independent and proud of it in fact the only reason I believe he even travels with are group is because we attract more monster this way. That and his culture makes him very… unique compared to the rest of us. Grover continued to practice with his flute much to the group's annoyance until a familiar feminine scream fills the air. Are reaction time has never been quicker than it was today, in a mere second we were all to our feet weapons at the ready and senses on high alert. We knew that scream well and we also know that it wouldn't happen unless there was a good reason behind it, and that good reason was often monsters. "I thought you said you didn't smell anything!" Nyssa whispered aggressively to Grover waving her sword at him causing Grover to flinch. "You know what the Romans use to do to soldiers when they gave false information away?" continued Nyssa the aggression clear in her tone. "Stop it Nyssa, He didn't smell anything ok? Besides we are not Romans, we are Greeks." I said informing Nyssa my voice stern and it was clear that I did not want back talk. "Yeah, of course, we are all Greeks." I hear Brad mutter under his breath. My head turned towards the oldest member of our group in confusion, what was he on about? I was about to ask him what he meant by that when a sudden deep growl filled the air causing everyone to drop silent, for everything to drop silent. The cities sounds became non-existent and the once plentiful thunder was gone. The only sound to be heard was the soft pitier patter of shoes colliding with the concrete, someone was running. "You hear that?" I asked my spear pointing in the direction of the sound. "You mean that Growl? Or the sound of Grover chewing his own shirt?" I heard Hank ask, just like him, to try and work comedy into a serious situation. The sound got louder and louder as it echoed in the silent building. The silhouette of a small person suddenly appeared within the shadows of the building, a small familiar person. Before I could say a single word Annabeth made her way into the light of the fire, she was covered in blood and tears where falling down her checks. I quickly made my way over to the young girl and wrapped her up in a loving embrace uttering reassurance into her ear as she cried into my shoulder. Whatever had happen had left her in this state and that wasn't a good sign. I held Annabeth in front of my face, she was still teary but she seemed to be more under control over herself now but she was still very teary. "Annabeth, what happened? Where's Luke?" I ask trying to get some light on the situation. She looked at me her eyes filled with pain. "We were walking and talking when…. We heard this strange sound… and then we saw it….*sniff* we were shocked…. And well it got closer and I…. screamed…. Luke attacked it when it got closer and… *sniff*… he told me to run and…. Then it attacked….. and I just ran… left him there against that thing…. *Sniff*" Said Annabeth, she looked distress and I really didn't blame her. "What was it Annabeth?" I asked my voice still firm and stoic but I could feel the dread swelling in my chest. "A Monster…. A horrible Monster with… Green reptilian eyes, eyes that where filled with bloodlust." Annabeth said her voice dripping into utter shock. The tension spiked as soon as a Jurassic park style raw ripped apart the silence sending a horrible chill down mine spine and everyone else in the general area. Sigh…. I know this story won't get that much friction due to the fact that we literally get over 5 new Percy Jackson per hour most of which (IN MY OPINION) seem to be the same thing over and over and over again. Oh well. The one thing I am really looking forward too about this story is the fact that Percy won't be bound by his human morals, which will add some interesting ideas to latter chapter. Oh and why I am on the concept of the fact that Percy is not a human I will warn you now from this chapter onwards you will see Percy Jackson as the group of demigods see him, a soulless bloodthirsty monster. If you dislike seeing your hero turned into a villain please just have an open mind about this story. Things may turn out different in the end depending on how I wish to go with this (or if I bother to finish it). An accruing thing I have noticed in the fandom is that everyone turns to Luke for their main villain, yes he is working for the bad side but really he is only doing it because he is angry. Kind of like how people do stupid things when then angry. Kronos just used that anger to his advantage misleading the boy into doing the wrong thing. Alright guys so next chapter is Monster/Percy vs the Demigods stick around. Thor-Born signing off.