replied. "Bye guys. Good luck." Percy said to them. "You're the only one that needs it." Piper replied. "Oh, and take the cake and put it in her room." She said, giving him the cake before they tip-toed to the door and snuck back into the backyard. They closed the door slowly, and left Percy alone. Now, Percy was feeling a lot more nervous. He was doing the most dangerous part of the mission, which was obviously going to be hard. He took a deep breath before continuing. He snuck out the living room into a hall way and searched for Mrs. Dodds' bedroom. The hall had about 3 rooms, 2 on either side of the hallway and one at the very end. He checked the first 2, and was not surprised when he saw that they were vacant. He walked into the last room and bingo! That's definitely her bedroom. He could immediately tell because it was the master bedroom, the bed looked like someone had sat on it recently, the tv remote on the bed, and the TV was still on, but the volume was turned down very low. He walked around and found a couple pictures of some unknown people which he decided to ignore. He saw a chair that had 5 different leather jackets piled on top of the chair, along with a couple of leather jeans. No wonder she always has leather jackets , he thought. He found her bathroom and grabbed her shampoo bottle. He took off the lid and grabbed some hair dye and mixed it in the bottle, and made sure that it was still the same color as the normal shampoo. He closed the bottle and put it back. He grabbed her liquid soap and mixed it with vodka, making sure that it stayed the same consistency before putting it back. He took out a pile of fake dog crap and put it in her sink, he took out a couple more peeled hardboiled eggs and hid them inside her cabinets, he sprayed the bathroom with silly string, and replaced her hairspray with skunk spray. He stopped for a moment and took a second to appreciate his work. "Perfect." He mumbled. He left the bathroom and entered her bedroom again and took the cake out of it's box and put it on top of her bed, grinning. He then grabbed his markers and ran them through the furniture, not drawing or writing anything, just scribbling. Then he took out some plastic vials that held glitter and released them everywhere. He started spinning around the room, getting glitter on her leather jackets, on her bed, and one her furniture. He stopped and then grabbed a couple of eggs he had left and put them under her bed, until heard a sound. "You know, Michael it doesn't smell very good inside here." Percy snapped his head to the door. "Are you sure? I don't smell anything." Shit. Shit shit shit. SHIT. Percy panicked. He looked around, searching for somewhere to hide. "I smell something kind of funny, like a skunk, almost?" She said. Percy could tell her voice was starting to switch back to velociraptor mode. He sucked in a breath. "Oh, don't worry. That's just the smell of ozone that produces when there's a black out." He heard Michael say. "Are you sure?" Michael chuckled. "Of course." A beat passed. "Do you wanna continue?" "Please." Percy let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. Thank Michael. He looked outside Mrs. Dodd's window and saw the Connor and Leo were having a lot of fun outside. They had tp'd the entire front yard, it was filled with silly string and Percy could see that they had thrown some eggs. Percy chuckled. He turned away and spoke into the walkie-talkie, "Part 3 finished." Percy whispered. "Part 4 finished!" Leo yelled. "Great! Now be careful. We don't want you guys to ruin everything the last second." Piper said. "Roger that." Percy said, before lowering the volume and exiting the bedroom quietly. He walked down the hallway and into the living room before he heard a voice exclaim, "Goddamn those imbecile kids! They ruined my front yard!" Percy panicked, she was going to see him. Percy opened the door that let outside and ran as quietly as he could, being cautious of the backyard camera and ran to the gate, looking up and seeing the demon Halloween decoration that Percy and Piper had bought at Wall Greens. It was honestly quite scary, especially in the dead of the night. Percy smirked before jumping over and running down the away from the now trashed house. He ran as stealthily as he could, passing all of the houses and seeing the van a couple feet away. Once he saw the van he let out a sigh of relief, and then started running as fast as he could to the van. He reached it and opened the door, climbing inside and yelling, "Go, go go! She's gonna exit her house!" Percy yelled. Travis immediately started the car and they left, leaving the neighborhood as fast they could, still high on adrenaline. "Oh my god." Percy said, taking of his ski masks and gloves. "We did it!" He shouted, the anxiousness going away now that they were out of the neighborhood. "Yeah!" Piper replied, high fiving him. "Dude that was so scary!" "Definitely the best prank I've ever pulled." "She almost caught me!" "She did?!" Travis interrupted Percy nodded. "Yeah. I honestly thought that I was a dead man. I was in her bedroom, clearly messing with her stuff!" "Oh god imagine if she had caught you." Connor said. "I'd be a dead man. She'd would have already called the cops at me and watched in satisfaction." Percy let out a sigh of relief. "Thankfully, that didn't happen." "Well, to celebrate the fact that neither of us got caught, we should go back to the party!" Travis exclaimed.