I could literally feel the weight of it crushing me...And you were in one! But you were younger? And you had me go into this river and it hurt so much but then you dragged me out? And then I was in this place that was dark and hot and I felt like I was dying, and I was with the blonde girl! And then there was this monster looking lady that I- gods it was like I was blood bending or some avatar shit and I wanted to kill her so badly and I just-" "Percy!" Nico cut off his rambling. "How long has this been going on?" "I guess..." he thought for a moment. "I guess it started three months ago. They weren't as bad then but lately they've been getting worse and worse." He crossed his arms over his chest. "I feel like I'm going crazy." "You're not going crazy Percy." "But how do you know?" Tell him. Tell him now. "They're just dreams Percy." ... "We have a problem," Nico declared, once again bursting into the Big House. Jason sighed. "Don't we always?" "Percy's remembering." "Wait wait wait," Leo said from where he was sitting on Frank's lap. "Isn't that the opposite of a problem?" "No it's a huge deal!" Nico huffed. "He thinks he's going crazy." "Then tell him he's not," Annabeth said. "Isn't this the perfect opportunity to explain things to him?" "Remember what you said," Nico began after a moment, "when Percy first lost his memory. That maybe this was better since he wouldn't have to remember all those terrible things?" They were all silent. "I can't believe," Nico shifted as though he would move his hands, but instead stared down at them, dejectedly. "I can't believe how selfish I was. I wanted Percy back so badly that I never stopped to think how much this would hurt him." "Nico..." Jason moved towards the younger demigod. "It's not your fault, we all want Percy back." "But it is! Even knowing how much this is hurting him I still want him to come home! I can't help it, I-" his voice caught. "You don't have to say it Nico," Jason pulled him into a hug. "I know." ... Nico knocked on the door to Sally's apartment four days later. She opened the door, her expression morphing from one of shock to happiness quickly. "Nico! How nice of you to drop by!" She said warmly. "Hey , is Percy at work?" "No actually," she said with a frown. "He's been cooped up in his room for almost three days. Do you think...something happened?" "I don't know, but I hope he's okay." She inspected Nico for a minute before finally seeming to come to a decision. "How about this, you stay here for a bit while I go get Paul. Maybe it's about time we told him the truth." "No!" Sally startled. "I mean...No. I don't know if we should. He's already gone through a lot Mrs. Blofis and I don't think-" "Nico," she interrupted, taking his hand. "Trust me." With one last smile, she headed out the door. Nico took a deep breath, looking around the apartment. He hadn't planned on Percy being here. This Percy had never told Nico where he lived, so it'd be a little creepy to see him standing in his living room. Though...was this Percy really different from the Percy before? Maybe a little less haunted, a little more open to talking with Nico- no. Percy had always talked to Nico this way, it was him that had pushed Percy away for one reason or another. Besides not remembering their past, Percy was practically the same. Maybe this was simply a fresh start, maybe he should just- "Nico?" The son of Hades spun around to see Percy in an oversized Doctor Who t-shirt and sweatpants leaning against the doorway to his bedroom. His hair was a wreck, his eyes were bloodshot with dark circles, and his voice cracked when he spoke. Nico couldn't help but think he was still beautiful. "Percy! I-I'm sorry, this is your house?" Shit his voice had gotten all high. "I didn't even know I just-" "I remember." Nico froze. "I'm sorry, what?" Percy met his eyes, gaze steady. "I remember everything." And then the hero of Olympus promptly burst into tears. Nico rushed over to his side immediately, stopping Percy from collapsing to the floor. "Shh it's okay Percy." "It's not okay!" He said between sobs. "I abandoned all of you and-" he buried his face in Nico's chest, soaking his shirt with tears. "Gods I wish you hadn't remembered." "What? No, I-" Percy pushed away to look him in the eyes. "I had to remember, I left all of you-" "But you were happy," Nico insisted, emphasizing the word. Percy shook his head. "I couldn't be happy without you." Nico stated at him wide eyed, causing Percy to blush furiously. "I mean, all of you. I didn't just mean- wow this is awkward." Nico couldn't help but smile a little. "Damn, and here I thought I had a shot." Percy chuckled weakly, "don't worry, you do." "I have to admit, that comes as a surprise. After all these years." They were both silent for a while. "Hey," Percy said finally. "Do you really think my smile is gorgeous?" Nico snorted, Percy began to giggle, and suddenly they were both laughing hysterically. And sitting on the floor of Percy's apartment, covered in tears, both looking like they hadn't slept for days, they both felt that everything would be okay. This story is dedicated entirely to Takara Phoenix, an amazing writer and good friend of mine. It's her birthday today, so I wrote this fic eespecially for her in hopes that it could help convey just how much she means to me. Phoe, I've loved every argument, discussion, bashing, and fan-girling conversation we've had and I hope to have many more. Happy birthday. Your friend, Dragoon