faster I was now than before. It alarmed me, but not enough to stop and try to figure it out. Got to get to the police station. They'll keep him- no it- away from me. I thought. Running down the dark streets I noticed how abnormally empty the roads were. This was New York! Nothing was ever this quiet no matter how late it was. A second later I felt a weird sensation overcome my body and found myself somewhere very far away from where I just was. Great, now I was teleporting. I looked at my surroundings while I was running and found myself on an old country road. The same road from my dream. I could barely see through the rain that had just come out of nowhere. This was a really bad storm. Behind me I heard the sounds of a car and the thundering sound of some gigantic creature's footsteps. Headlights came into view through the rain and I stumbled back to avoid being hit. However before the car reached where I was, a huge lightning bolt shot down from the sky and struck the Camaro sending it flying over my head. I gasped and ran to the car. Looking inside I saw three people. A middle aged woman at the wheel and two boys in the back seat. One of them had really furry pants on and seemed to be unconscious, the other was struggling against the seatbelt. I pounded on the window to get their attention and the two awake looked at me afraid. I held onto the handle of the door that wasn't buried in mud and wrenched it open. Again, strangely strong. Why couldn't this happen in Gym? "Are you guys alright?" I yelled over the wind, "What's going on?" While I talked I helped the woman out and turned to the back of the car. There was no way that door was opening. "Cover your face!" I warned. He nodded and shielded himself. I took off my backpack and smashed in the window glass. He crawled out and then we both helped out Fuzzy-Pants. "Who are you?" He asked bewildered. "Ya really wanna ask that now?" I answered and began carrying the mumbling one after the woman. I guessed she was the mother of the one helping me. They looked similar. A loud roar interrupted my thoughts and I spun around. My eyes widened when I saw the thing. He was huge and had the head of a bull with the body of a man. "What is that?" I shouted. Niether of them seemed to hear me though because they were struggling up the hill. I followed and recognized the hill as the one the camp was behind. The same big tree stood there. I couldn't believe it actually existed. I had other things to think about though because when we reached the top, the bull charged. Mom told boy something about dodging sideways and I followed their example. The cowman mooed in frustration and turned around to try again. This time it aimed for me. I was backed up against the huge oak and had nowhere to go. I closed my eyes and pleaded with myself to do the same thing as before. The familiar twist in my gut and the feel of being sucked into jello told me it worked. I was one with the tree. The bull guy's horn got embedded in it, but I wasn't hurt. I had no idea how to get out of the tree. Last time it worked when I left the shadow, but it was night time now. Before I could move, the crazy boy with green eyes leaped on the back of the monster. It roared and reared up yanking its horn out. Snap! Off it came and the boy fell down to the ground. I stepped away from the tree and I melted back to my original form. I really needed to get that under control. The thing charged towards the mom and other one, and I knew that if I didn't help, Fuzzy-Pants at least would be roadkill. I sprinted towards them and grabbed his arm tugging him away. The mom tried to sidestep but the monster caught her. The boy screamed and a second later the woman had dissolved in a gold shower. I stood there holding onto the unconscious one horrified. The crazy kid yelled and rammed the horn into the things chest. It instantly dissolved into dust leaving only the horn behind. I walked over to him and looked him over. He seemed to be fine for the most part, so I pointed down the other side of the hill. Lit up buildings were visible through the downpour and he nodded. We both took an arm and dragged his friend over the top. Instantly the rain stopped and the sky cleared. We made it down the hill, but as soon as we reached the light of the first building I felt all my strength drain. I collapsed and fell to the ground breathing heavily, and barely awake. The others were also now on the ground. A few people had come outside and were standing over us. My eyes couldn't be bothered to stay open but I could hear them. "He's the one, he has to be." A girl said. "Yes, but who is the girl? I've never seen her before. I expected Percy and Grover, but she is new. She must be a half-blood or she would not have been able to get in…" A man said. There it was again. Half-blood. That was the last thought I had before I gave in to sleep. There you go! Chapter 1 complete. I know it was pretty long. I'm not sure yet if all chapters will turn out this way but I hoped you liked it. Please leave a review so I know how to improve. Look forward to the next chapter, it should be up soon! ^w^