die? He was just sick, he was going to get better and then they could live out the rest of their lives together. They so many places they wanted to go to, there were so many things that were ahead of them. Why? She wanted to scream, why was God, Fate- whatever so unfair? Hadn't she shown that she loved him, why, why does he have to die? "Hey," he murmured She turned to look into his eyes and saw that they were filled with sadness and concern. A hand started to wipe her tears away, "Don't cry for me Di, I'm not worth crying over," he whispered. She shook her head as anger filled her, "Don't you say that Percy, don't you dare say that," she said hoarsely. "Don't think of yourself like that, if you died I- I wouldn't know what to do". He shook his head, "I would always be with you Diana, right here," he pointed to her chest. "Besides, you're strong, stronger than me". After that they just laid with each other, enjoying each other's company. She turned to face him. He was sleeping, a little bit of drool staining his pillow. She just stared at him for a while. 'He looks so adorable sleeping', she thought. Finally she couldn't hold it off any longer and got up to leave, as her feet touched the cold floor she felt something grasp her hand. She whirled around and saw that he was looking at her pleadingly. "Stay with me," he whispered. And so she did. Unbeknownst to each other that was the last thing they did together. The dark came to claim him just a few hours later. They said it was a peaceful death and his last words were to Diana and his parents. "He said he loved you. He loved you with all his heart". She now stood in front of the open coffin staring at the face in front of her; she glanced around her and sought the eyes of a woman with brown hair and blue eyes silently weeping for her son. Their eyes met and in that moment a torrent of emotions were exchanged. Sally Jackson nodded as if to say 'It's alright now- he's in a better place'. Her eyes went back to the face in front of her, covered by a panel of glass. He looked so peaceful and serene, exactly like the last time she saw him. People had gone before her to pay their respects and to say some words before the lowering of the body; they left her till last out of respect. She couldn't delay it any longer, she opened her mouth but no sound came out, then finding her resolve she started to speak. "There were so many things that didn't get to tell you, you were my soul mate Percy. I had thought that we were going to spend our whole life together but instead-." She choked back a sob as the tears were coming out in streams, dripping down to the glass panel above his face. "I didn't get to tell you how much I loved your smile, your eyes and how I loved how they twinkled whenever you were next to me". She paused, then continued "I don't know if there's a god or an afterlife. I hope there is, and that you are there, happy and away from all your pain." She smiled and wiped her tears away with one of her hands, "I hope that one day I'll meet you there. Remember Percy, I would always love you," she whispered hoarsely. She bent down to the glass panel and gave him a final kiss, "Goodbye," she breathed. The body was lowered shortly after that, crowds of people came to offer their condolences but she blocked them all out. She didn't really know anyone of those people. Besides, words wouldn't bring Percy back, nothing could. She could feel her sister's hand on her shoulder as the casket closed for the last time. She felt the streams of people walking past her soon after that. Diana didn't move, how could she? Eventually Hestia had to drag her sister back onto earth, her brown hair cascading onto Diana's shoulder. "Come on Diana. It's time to go." She whispered. Diana shook her head, "No. I-I can't". Hestia's composure suddenly changed, replaced by a fire of passion and determination. "Listen to me Diana. Percy is gone! He's never coming back! Don't kill yourself by suffering like this." Diana looked as if she'd been slapped. "But that's the thing Hestia, he's never coming back! HE IS GONE. GONE!" She screamed at her sister, she screamed at her as if Percy Jackson was gone, as if he had died, as if she hadn't said goodbye. And Hestia? Hestia stood there, as if she didn't know what to say, as if she was looking at a person for the first time. So she hugged her sister, she hugged her sister as the tears bled out of her heart. She hugged her and didn't let go. Because sometimes for all our words, there comes a time where we simply run out of words. Where our words, for all their brilliance and awe are exposed as mere consonants and vowels, as sounds. Sounds who are so loud, yet so profoundly empty. Because words can never really understand pain. And because of that, she hugged ... and she hugged, she hugged until her arms were tired; until her sister's voice was hoarse and croaky. Until she understood her pain — who hurts both no-one and everyone. And so, as Diana left the cemetery with Hestia in tow. Her mind was on the day when she could follow him, where could finally say 'goodbye' and … 'hello', to finally tell him how much she loved that stupid grin of his. Because she would have followed him anywhere, even into the dark. No. They would have followed each other into the dark.