and that's when I saw the bully I had made the wire trap for, Leslie Thatcher, and I wondered if she was who Leo was running from and I pulled out the trap but then I noticed Professor Daltwargon glaring into the crowd, searching. That's when the fire started. I couldn't tell what was on fire or how it had started but the students started stampeding to get out. The teacher was caught off-guard and was almost run over before he managed to get out of the way. "This is why it's stupid to only have one door," I mumbled under my breath and joined the crowd. I made it outside finally but I didn't see Leo. I turned back to just barely get a glimpse back inside, and what I saw horrified me. There was Leo, only his hands were ablaze and his eyes were dark with an animal ferocity that made the back of my neck tingle. The fire in the room had spread rapidly but the thing that made my heart stop was the creature standing in front of Leo. It had the head of our professor, the body of a lion and the tail of a...scorpion. Was that a Manticore? Maybe my Greek mythology classes had been worth something, or maybe they were playing tricks on my mind, but one thing was for sure, that was either a real monster or a very, very clear hallucination. Either way, I thought the Manticore was Persian. Everyone scattered in every direction trying to get away from the building. I tried to get back to see inside but there were too many flames and the other teachers were swarming us trying to herd us away. The fire was huge now, if Leo was still in there then there was no way he could survive long. I had to get back in so I slipped past the teachers and ran toward the flaming building, but that's when things exploded, literally. "Leo!" I screamed. The teachers had successfully gotten my peers outside the gate by then but no one seemed to have noticed Leo or I was missing. I turned and found myself face to face with a drooling Professor Daltwargon only he was a Manticore. I heard sirens in the distance, not sure why that registered in my mind. Then I thought about Leo, "How did you survive the explosion? What about Leo?" His form flickered and he became his normal self again, "Ha! That little Hephaestus brat, oh I think your brother is quite dead by now." My brother? I wondered. "He...he's not my brother." "I think you'll find that he is," the monster spat and I flinched away. "Yess, you will make a fine, tasty meal." My brother . Suddenly it made sense, the reason we were so much alike, yet we looked nothing like each other. Then an idea came to me, I still had my wire trap in my hand, it was about the size of a golf ball. "Wait, I forgot, sir," I tried to sound as if I hadn't actually seen him as a monster and it seemed to work. His attention was turned away from killing me momentarily. "I got you something I thought you would like." I held out the sphere in the palm of my hand and he looked at it uneasily and asked, "What is it?" I shrugged, "It's a massage ball, here, if you press this button it vibrates and you can massage any sore spots, try it." He took it gingerly, obviously wary of my invention but to my surprise, and his, he pressed the button. Within seconds he was wrapped up like a mummy. I could see the shock in his eyes but he quickly recovered and with a roar he turned back into the Manticore, breaking many of the wires. That was when it hit me, Leo was dead, my brother and best friend was dead and it was all because of this monster. I let the anger take over and my hands burst into flame, then the fire spread over my body. I saw the surprise on Professor Daltwargon's face and one of his lion paws broke free and he swiped away the wires around his mouth. "Wait, you...what? No!" he screamed. I blasted him with as much heat as I could, the metal turning cherry red but he only roared at the sky, barely even scorched by the flames. Then he started to gag and I saw a bronze arrow protruding from his mouth, then he began to turn to dust. The smoke was so thick I wondered where the arrow had come from and if whoever had shot it had seen me in flames. then my mind went fuzzy and I collapsed to the ground, my vision darkening around the edges of my sight and I felt like I was going to be sick but I leaned over and let my head hang and slowly I started to feel better and the darkness went away. Just then a large man fell though the smoke and landed on his feet on the ground near me, he was burly and strong, almost animal like. "Wh-where did you come from?" I asked staring at him. He looked at me, "I flew, where's Leo?" I looked at the burning building, the blood draining from my face, "No." I ran toward it but the big guy grabbed my arm, "Wait, I'll go." Right, of course I couldn't go in, I wasn't supposed to be fire-proof, but he couldn't he couldn't be fireproof either. "But he's dead, there's no use. Professor Daltwargon said he was dead." "You can't trust what any monster says." he ran toward the building calling, "Leo! Leo, cam you here me? Where are you?" Then he turned into a giant bird, an owl? And dove into the flames. Why would he do that? If you liked or disliked this please let me know why, :-)