to cover himself with. The sea prince moved over to give the younger boy room. He could feel the hurt blooming in his chest, prickling with thorns of rejection and embarrassment. His mouth twisted, pulling down as he looked away to his lap. The sea prince played with his own fingers, while trying to hide the hurt blossoming over his face. Nico reached out to him uncomfortably, not sure what to do, he let his open hand drop into his own lap. They lapsed into uneasy silence- both consumed by their own thoughts. "I just..." the shadow prince started, looking towards the cabin wall. "I've never even...we're both so young Percy...I never thought I'd be getting married, let alone at 19!" He spoke, his voice quickly building in strength as it built off his own fears. "I love you-I do-but I don't even belong in this world and now you want me to commit to it? Before I've even finished my studies or have gotten anywhere with my art?" He stuttered out, growing flustered. Percy looked up at the dark eyes boy, his faced screwed up in anger and hurt. "Yeah, yeah I do! You're scared is all, and I am too! I don't have all the answers of life, I just know that if there is anyone I wanted to find them with, it's you!" Percy interjected. He looked over at his lover and his anger dissipated. Percy reached over to scoop Nico's delicate face into his hands, running his thumb along the others bottom lip. When his trailing fingers came back damp, he realized the shadow prince was crying, or at least trying not to. "Oh Neeks, don't cry, don't do that..." He whispered, his voice pained. He leaned over to hold the skinny boy, pulling his smaller frame onto his own lap. "Baby, don't cry, it's okay." Percy tried to mellow his voice and speak soothingly. The green eyed boy played with the younger boy's hair, trying to console him. "No, it's not Perce, I can't do that. It scares me." Nico sniffled. "We are so young, and neither one of us know what we are doing. How can you promise that you will always be mine, even if you don't know if it is true?" Nico reached up to wrap his bony arms around Percy's neck, tucking himself around the hero's body. "Nico, I can make you that promise. I know that I will never want another person like I want you. Commitment doesn't scare me because losing you scares me more. I look at my future and I know that the only thing I have figured out is that you are in it. I can't even see anyone else anymore, and I don't want to. I want you and only you. I don't care what we'll go through or what might happen. I only know that you are the only person that I want to go through it all with." The Sea Prince spoke honestly and simply. His words came from the depths of his heart and Nico could feel himself warming at his words. He sniffled and wiped his cheek, looking up at the face he had fallen in love with. "as long as you can say the same, Neeks, then there isn't anything to worry about" Percy whispered. The shadow Prince nodded his head, thinking over the other boy's words. "I've never thought about it, but if I had to spend my life with anyone, it would be you." Nico mused. "I guess if I'm going to make it to a decent age-I had better stick with my Hero, right?" He asked quietly, his attempt at humor was lax on the bravado it needed, but the point wasn't lost on Percy. The green eyed boy could feel the smile tugging at his lips as he cocked his head to the side and looked at the dark eyed boy. "Is that a yes, Mr. Di'Angelo?" He asked, a giddy edge making its way into his tone. A small smile appeared on the dark eyed boy's face, he looked to the side of the cabin and slowly nodded his head. Percy grinned and hugged the younger boy around the waist. "So, Nico, will you do me the honor of marrying me?" he asked again, to clarify. The shadow Prince snorted and smiled again "Yes, I...I'll marry you Perce" he chuckled as he answered. Percy laughed, free and clear, while his green eyes glittered as he pounced on Nico- pinning him to the bed. "You have..." He leaned down and kissed the younger boy. "no idea..." he smothered Nico in another searing kiss. "how worried I was..." He attacked Nico's bruised mouth with another kiss. "for a moment, I thought you were going to tell me no." He trailed a searing line of open-mouthed kisses down the side of the Nether-prince's jaw line, eliciting sighs of pleasure from the other boy. "I love you so much, you have no idea how happy you made me." Percy's face was the picture of a thrilled person and Nico couldn't help but let out a throaty chuckle as he pulled the sea prince's hair lightly. Nico pulled the emerald eyed boy down and gave a heart fluttering kiss to the older boy, winding his bony arms around the hero's neck and pulling him close. The kiss slowly turned into a hug, as each boy reveled in the feeling of the skin to skin contact and Percy's infectious, happy glow. "I love you too, Percy." Nico purred, nestling into his affections. Eventually, Percy was able to coerce a smiling Nico into half-snarkily admitting that he could never keep the hero from being happy. The Sea Heir beamed and Nico silently admitted that this marriage idea wouldn't be a bad idea if it kept his fiance happy, and by extension, himself. Remember to review-it helps me grow as a writer and I always love hearing what you guys have to say!