was about to spontaneously combust at any second. Just explode and burn up everything with me. But it never happened. No matter how mad I got I never exploded. I never yelled or talked or explained my feelings. It was mostly because I didn't really know how to. Maybe if I would have talked it would have just been fixed... No. I had tried that once before and it got me nowhere. I had tried everything known to man. At first I tried hinting at it. Then I tried opening up about it. Then I tried making it blatantly obvious. Finally, I tried talking about it. Nothing worked. They either shrugged it off or didn't let me finish talking, claiming that they had somewhere else to be. I was just tired of it. So I did what I always do, I ran. I leaned my head back against the wall and closed my eyes. The rain continued falling in a heaver downpour. Soon enough I found myself sleeping soundly. Was it strange that it was probably the best sleep on my life? That's when you know things are going bad; when the best sleep is when you are sitting in a dark alley way, leaning up against a rotting wall in the pouring rain. I eventually woke up shivering. It was winter out and I was soaking wet. Sleeping in the rain was easily the worst idea of my life, I didn't regret it though. I slowly moved my body. My joints ached and felt cold straight down to the core. Even though it was a good sleep, my body still hurt. I had a huge creek in my neck and my foot had fallen asleep. I slowly stood up and wobbly swung my book bag over my shoulder. I hobbled on down the street, my hair pressed wetly against my forehead. I knew I could've simply set myself on fire, dry myself up, but I refused to. I was not going to use my fire, never again. It had hurt too many people. My fire was a curse, not a blessing. It wasn't a "gift" it was a nightmare. A fiery nightmare that hurt my friends and killed my mom. As long as I was still breathing, I had no intentions of using my fire again. So I walked on letting the cold take over my body. I sneezed and coughed as I walked and I knew I was in for a long couple of weeks. I finally had to stop and sit down. My legs felt weaker than before and my lungs ached. I sat on a small ledge and sighed. I looked up at the sun which was starting to make its way out from behind the trees. I reached into my backpack and grabbed out a granola bar. As I grabbed it I felt my hand hit something else. I pulled it out of the bag and looked at it. It was the same picture of all of us at the table after saving the world laughing and eating happily. I stared at the photo sadly. There was no going back to those days. They were already long gone. Who knew if they had even realized that I was gone. They probably thought I was at bunker 9 fixing some machine, not sitting on a ledge out in the streets shivering and possibly dying of pneumonia. I sneezed into my sleeve. The sun was now burning brightly in front of me. I looked back down at the photo and realized that there was no point in even keeping it. Sure they were my friends and people that I had loved and left behind but they also hurt me. Hurt me in ways they didn't even know. Looking back at this photo made me sad, angry, disappointed. It made me miss what I had but I knew that I would never have it again, even if I was still at camp. The sad fact was that they just didn't care about me. That was that. Nothing I could do about it. I looked at the sun, squinting my eyes. How had it even come to this? The photo was nothing but a lie now. At one point the photo might have been true but not now, not anymore. I stared at the photo and decided to use my fire for the last time. I lit my hand on fire and placed the tiny flame on the bottom corner of the picture. I sat there calmly staring at the photo as it burned away. I watched as it turned to ash and followed the dust to the floor. Soon enough the flames had engulfed the entire photo until it was reduced to nothing but some burnt crisps. I stopped the fire burning in my hand and let go of the left over ashes, spreading them across the ground. I slowly stood up from the ledge and walked on, the sun slowly warming my body. Let's face it, love sucks. It's nothing but a lie and just hurts you in every possible way. That picture, that polaroid, was nothing but a dream. A wish and hope that things would be fixed and get better but the harsh reality was that wouldn't. There was nothing else to it. I looked out at the long winding road ahead of me. Today would be the first of many days to come. It was time for me to start all over. Start a new life again, become a new person. Maybe I could be someone I actually like. Someone who is genuinely happy and just loves life, loves what they're doing. It was a long shot but I still had hope. I looked at the cobbled road bathed in orange light from the sun and the truth dawned on me. This is what I am. This is my life. I'm meant to be alone. I'm meant to run. I'm a lone red rover.