gut. What came to mind in those moments weren't the good times she'd had with Percy. Instead she thought of the biggest fight they'd ever had. She had been scared. Annabeth had been offered a job that would take her back to california where she had grown up. She hadn't told Percy. She didn't want him to say goodbye to him she convinced herself that she just wanted their last days together to be happy, but really she was just afraid. She was going to tell him. She just hadn't figured out how or when, but of course he found out. "Why didn't you tell me?" Percy had asked. He was angry just like she knew he would be. "Because we hadn't talked about the possibility of me leaving and I didn't have time to get your input before making a decision," She argued defensively. "I didn't want you thinking I had plotted to run away from you." "And this is better?" the apartment seemed to heat up with the intensity of the argument. "Leaving without telling me is supposed to make me believe you aren't running away?" "I was going to tell you!" Annabeth hated that she had yelled, but she couldn't help it. "I would have told you soon I just hadn't figured out how or when would be best." "You should have called as soon as you found out," he said not shouting as much anymore but still obviously not pleased. "I want to have this fight over the phone," Annabeth said feeling more down by the minute. "I didn't want to call you, argue, and never see you again." "Babe, I would have been happy for you!" He said wrinkling his forehead looking upset while his eyes smiled. "I would have said "Congratulation! When do we leave?"." "What?" Annabeth asked confusion infecting her. "I'm coming with you idiot," he answered. In spite of the sadness that had possessed her in the days before she he had made her happy and done so while calling her an idiot. Annabeth remembered this while twisting her wedding ring before finding the strength to push open those heavy wooden doors. Annabeth left the office right at 11:30am as to not be late for her date. After walking out side and opening her umbrella she heard the "hey" she had memorized only last night. She looked up in the smiling face of Percy. This was the first time she had seen him smile and she was struck by how natural it looked on him. Annabeth could almost believe that his relaxed expression was the same look he gave to her now. Annabeth had never been attracted to goofs before but as she looked Percy she didn't see a goof. Instead she saw a man that could always see happiness just around the corner on in the next minute. "Hey," she said. "I thought we were meeting at the shop?" "Yeah I got excited and jumped the gun a little," he said looking a little abashed. Annabeth laughed. "Well, I hope you brought your own umbrella because mine only has room for one," she teased. "Actually," Percy began looking very proud, "mine has room for two. So why don't you just put that one away." He said pulling out a large umbrella. Annabeth smirked. "Sorry, I don't share umbrella's with strangers." She said before turning on her heel, nearly hit Percy with her umbrella, and set a brisk pace up the sidewalk. "Hey!" Percy chased her up the sidewalk all the way to the coffee shop occasionally directing her. They laughed as Percy attempted to persuade her into the cover of his umbrella and Annabeth turned him down. They weaved easily around other pedestrian not breaking conversation or the game they played. Crowds did not part, and only few took notice, but to Annabeth the rest of the world was merely a stage for their game and amusement. The reached the coffee shop without Annabeth taking any notice of the direction they had come. The shop was small and the inside was warm and smelled beautifully of coffee ground. All the employees inside were loudly working. The line was short and many tables were open. "Do you know what sort of coffee you like ?" Percy asked her. "No," she replied now a little nervous. "I don't go out for coffee and have no idea what's good. Especially in a place like this." "That's fine. Why don't you go find us a table and I'll get you something delicious." In one sentence and a smile Percy had turned Annabeth's dread in to excited anticipation. "Ok," she said before leaving him to get the open booth by the window. The coffee was delicious and the company was even better. And when it came time to head back to work they shared Percy's umbrella and made plans for their next date. Percy looked very sharp in the suit they had put him in. It fit well and for the first time he looked comfortable in formal attire. Annabeth could hardly pull her gaze away away from his closed eyes as he lay on the soft white fabric of his casket. With great effort she tore herself from him so that she turn and face her friends and family. She leaned heavily against the wooden box-like stand to give some rest to her feet. She looked in to the crowd. There were many familiar faces but many of them were turned down or streaked with tears. Annabeth spoke. She told stories. It wasn't what she had prepared, but it was more honest. Stories of him and the things he'd done and the mistakes he'd made and then the things he did to fix his mistakes. It didn't dry the tears but it brought smiles and laughter. It didn't bring him back or make things better but it was the best way to honor his life and instill his essence into all that heard Annabeth's words.