"That's a lie, Mommy, you do this all the time," he looked at me skeptically, and a wave of guilt washed over for me, then it quickly washed out. I mean, didn't I have the right to be hopelessly in love with my own husband? "It's not a lie!" I pushed on, "It's was j-" "Lie!" CJ repeated, clapping his hands. "Oh forget it," I sighed, turning back to Percy, who flashed a perfect white smile and was cut off by my lips on his. He basically melted the seconds our lips collided, and we kept doing it until my hair was pulled quite forcefully by CJ. Babies really can't take a hint, can they? Luke seemed to just realize that his arm was cut on the inside, and doubled over in pain. Percy had already taken the duty to scoop him up and carry him to the Prius. After a long and, shall I say, heavy ride, we arrived home. I, as the mother took the liberty of singing Luke a lullaby, which Percy almost fell asleep to himself, before I slapped him awake. CJ had already gotten himself to sleep responsibly, and it was just Percy and I in an empty and dark house. He took my hand in mine, and together we made our way back to the bedroom. To be honest, both Percy and I were exhausted, both mentally and physically. But not exhausted enough to lay down, my head on Percy's Chest and his head buried in my hair. I listened to his heartbeat, beating calmly in his chest. I loved the sound of it. I reminded her that he was alive, that he was here with me. We took turns whispering sweet nothings into one another's eyes before a final good night kiss, in private I might add, and falling into a sweet, blissful, dreamless sleep. ~TIMESKIP TO THE NEXT MORNING~ I woke up to the room casted in a blue hue, coming from the light shining through the deep blue curtains. The room was tidy under my orders, which made me feel new and refreshed. I glanced at the alarm clock next to me. It was 10 o'clock on the dot. Let's see, at 11:30 Luke heads to camp to do some school/ training. We can't have him go to school because he was born knowing that he is a demigod and since the most popular demigods in CHB (i.e. Percy, Thalia, Nico, Me, Clarisse, you know the deal) had grown up, there was a crap ton of demigod children running around Manhattan. That's we all live on a small street called Half Blood Court, which is cloaked kind of like Camp Half Blood and invisible to mortals. So everyday, we head out in small groups to camp to give our children some education. Short story long. Suddenly, I heard CJ yelling something like "STOP" before a loud crash and Luke going "AHH!" Seriously? I haven't even had my coffee yet. Percy slept through it all, being the deep sleeper he is. Gods, what is it now? I thought before storming down the stairs and towards the kitchen, where all the ruckus was occurring. I came there to see CJ on top of Luke, he obviously tackled him judging by their positions. Luke had blue all over his nose, lips, cheeks and basically everywhere around the mouth area, his hand covered in blue cake and frosting. Wait, frosting? I followed his eyes to the counter where my blue cake lay, looking deteriorated and ugly. I glanced at CJ, who was spotless. It figures, the baby doesn't touch the cake but the almost four year does. That's not ironic at all. I wasn't really mad, judging that all that cake reminded me of was bad memories from last night. "Mommy, are you mad at me?" Luke pleaded, fear shaking throughout his body. "No honeyhead, I'm not," I replied, scooping him up to got take him a shower. "Ok." He leaned into the crook of my neck, not caring to explain what happened at all. We left, leaving Sammy in the kitchen alone, who smirked, and grabbed his own fistful of the cake. We we finished with the bath, I came down to see Sammy frustrated, trying to turn on the TV by just pointing the remote at it, completely not realising that there's any buttons on it alone. I left him to figure it out and learn something new. Heading over to the kitchen finally for the my morning coffee, I wasn't surprised to see Percy, his hands and face covered in blue, resembling Luke earlier. He grinned, his once pearly grin clouded with blue. "You really are an idiot, you know that right?" I chuckled, finding a seat next to him, fork in hand. "Oh shut up, you love it," he laughed, kissing me sweetly on the lips, my mouth flooding with the sweet taste of my amazing cooking. I smiled against the kiss before hearing a familiar voice behind me. "MOMMY AND DADDY SITTI-" He was cut of by PEercy throwing Riptide at him, missing by a quarter of an inch with amazing accuracy. "Where were we?" Turned to face he again, "Oh yes, I know you love me." He grinned, before kissing me once again. "That I do," I smiled against his lips, after the long day I had yesterday, I really needed this, and he seemed to too, judging by how he was holding onto me like his life depended on it. "That I do." So how was it? This was my first so I hope it was good! Anyways, if I get good reviews, I might just feel like making this a two-shot! Inspirations: My life (details classified) My cousin as CJ My other cousin as Luke My uncle as Percy Obviously the song "Payphone" by Maroon 5 I love you guys from the bottom of my heart to the top of my sternum. Follow your dreams. Baibai! -ProjectPercabeth