Percy Jackson and not… trying to hurt him. "What with the impending end of the world if you didn't do your job." A small smile appeared on Percy's face as he turned from the sand to Calypso. "To be fair, Hera did wipe my memories clean… maybe she forgot to replace that one really important part." A smile appeared on Calypso's face. "Oh, did she, now?" "Yeah." He scoffed, rolling his eyes a little. "Trust the queen of the heavens to do something like that." There was a rumble of thunder overhead, deeper than the one from earlier, but Percy barely flinched, deciding to just ignore it. Hey, if Zeus struck him down, that god was going to have two camps, his mother, and a bunch of gods against him. Not a smart idea – especially when Sally was involved. Calypso chuckled a little, although she sounded slightly nervous, and glanced up at the sky. Even if there weren't any storm clouds approaching, the rumble of thunder had thrown her off a little. She didn't exactly want to be destroyed as soon as she had reached the mortal world. Percy smiled when he heard her laugh (even if it did sound a little bit… off ), and turned his head to look at her. "You do not get along with that goddess much, do you?" the sorceress asked as she brought her knees up, resting her chin on them as she looked over at him. "She chased my girlfriend with cows , then wiped my memory and sent me to the other side of the states. I don't think she's ever given me a reason to like her." "If I were in your shoes, I would do the exact same thing." Percy's eyes widened as she pretty much repeated (or rephrased) what he'd said earlier, and he blushed faintly. He glanced out to sea as he absentmindedly picked up a pebble, throwing it back and forth between his hands. "Is that your way of saying you forgive me?" As soon as he asked that, Calypso's smile faded, and she huffed. The smile on his face disappeared at almost the same time, only to be replaced by a cheeky grin. "It is , isn't it?" When she refused to respond, he poked her in the shoulder, still grinning. "Go on, admit it. You forgive me. And I forgive you too." Calypso sighed, before smiling over at him. "Alright, if you insist; yes, I forgive you, Percy Jackson." Percy smiled widely, leaning back so that he was laying in the sand with his arms crossed behind his head. "Well, that lifts a huge weight off my shoulders." "Well, if it was going to do that, maybe I shouldn't have forgiven you." "You know, you are a lot sassier than I remember." Calypso chuckled a little. "Well, I suppose being with Leo does that to you." "I can imagine." "Hey, what are you doing with my girlfriend, Jackson?" Percy and Calypso both looked over to see Leo, Jason, Nico and Will standing not too far from them, at the top of the beach. The four of them headed down and joined Percy and Calypso in sitting by the sea. "We were having a conversation," Percy answered Leo, not bothering to move from his position in the sand (even if he did look quite awkward lying there when everyone else was sitting up. "You know; those things where you talk to a person and they talk back?" Leo rolled his eyes at Percy's sarcasm, moving to slide up next to Calypso and wrapping an arm around her, pulling her into a small hug.. "Yeah, yeah." Jason grinned. "So, you've made up now?" Calypso smiled and nodded, sending Percy a look. "Yes, we have." "Good. We didn't want anyone getting annoyed or lonely over Christmas this year." Will hugged his knees into his chest as he stared out onto the horizon. "This hasn't exactly been an eventful Christmas," he pointed out, before smiling slightly at Nico. "How about we do something better next year?" Nico was slightly startled by the look Will gave him, and was about to answer his question when Jason spoke up. "That'd be great, Will!" The blonde turned to Percy, Calypso and Leo. "We could have a Christmas dinner at your place, or something?" he suggested to Percy, who gave him a slight scowl. "Or we could just stick with camp and avoid all the monsters?" Leo suggested. "And why does it have to be my place that you nominate?" Percy huffed, before getting an idea and grinning. "I nominate Jason's cabin. No protests? Motion carried." Jason frowned. "Hey, wait–" he started, only to be cut off. "Christmas dinner in the Zeus cabin?" Nico asked, settling more comfortably next to Will with a smirk on his face. "Sounds like a great idea." "I'm all up for it," Will agreed, smiling. "Count us in!" Leo said, grinning at Calypso, who merely gave Jason a sympathetic smile as if to say " you brought this on yourself ". Jason looked between the others, a look of despair growing on his face, before he groaned loudly. "Fine! Fine… Christmas dinner at mine next year." The others laughed at him, before beginning to chatter away about random things. Maybe having Leo back was a nice Christmas present after all. So... what did you guys think of it? Anyway, the idea I had: I was hoping to do a little New Year's oneshot of Nico and Will (a Solangelo oneshot) mainly because I'd mentioned it in this oneshot. Obviously, I hadn't managed to get this done by Christmas (family stuff and all) and so the timings would be wrong, but what would you guys think? I'd do the oneshot separate to this one, as the main characters would change in it, but I want to know what you guys would think of it before I go ahead? Please tell me what you think in a review!