play of emotions on Percy's face as the wind carries him farther and farther from the hero. He closes his eyes. And opens them. He isn't know if it is the atmosphere that's making him feel brave, the wind whipping his air, the taste of the ocean on his lips, or the fact that he is hurtling towards the water, but one thing's for sure: He isn't going to die without confessing his feelings to Percy. He parts his lips and cups his hands around his mouth. "I love yo – " And then he is flying and the moon looks a little bigger, the clouds are slipping through his fingers, and when he looks up, there are electric blue eyes staring down at him and he is tingling all over and Superman has him in a bridal carry and – hasn't this happened before? " What were you doing this time, Nico?" Superman asks, voice tired. "I can't believe you'd go this far to get his attention. Honestly." "Th-Thank you for saving me," Nico clears his throat, because no matter who the interviewee is, pleasantries are always the way to start. And besides, being electrocuted and dropped from a height of almost a hundred feet don't sound very appealing. " I get that you're desperate, but next time, can you do something a little less dangerous?" "E-Excuse me?" Nico can't believe this Superman is grumpy and offensive. Wow. "I am not desperate!" " Could've fooled me." "For your information, sir, Aquaman is married!" " Oh?" Superman merely cocks an eyebrow. "Don't you watch the news? I covered the wedding and reception in a four-hour special!" Superman swoops down and Nico is surprised to see rows and rows of buildings. He hears the honking of cars, the sound of traffic. He recognizes the place: Athens Square. They are almost at the office of the Daily Olympus. "If you don't mind, can you drop me off at my apartment?" " Whatever." Superman grunts. He pauses and uncertainty clouds his blue eyes. He looks at Nico. "Where is it?" "You should know. Didn't you drive me home an hour ago?" " I don't know what you're talking about." Superman replies stiffly. " Of course you don't," There is a teasing lilt to Nico's voice. He reaches up a hand to the back of Superman's neck and peels off the tape-like listening device there. "But what is this ?" " I don't know." " This, Superman, is the listening device I stuck to you on our little date a while ago," Nico holds up the little piece of tape triumphantly. "I heard the jazz music from your car and then you heard about me from the radio and then you said you gotta change clothes – " All of a sudden Superman is pushing Nico from his chest and Nico is stumbling on his feet. He steadies himself by placing a hand on a concrete wall. They are at the back alley behind the Daily Olympus. " You called me out on a date for this ?" There is hurt in the hero's eyes. "No, actually, I called you out on a date because I found out your dad is – " " You just wanted to know who Superman was?" "Well, yes, but like I told you – " " I thought you liked me too!" Superman slumps against the concrete, his face in his hands. His red cape becomes caked with dirt and mud. "What do you mean, I like you too !?" Nico stomps over to Jason – because Superman is Jason and Nico is of course correct – and he runs a hand through his dark, tousled hair helplessly. "What are you talking about, Jason!?" " I thought you finally recognized my feelings!" Jason cries. "What feelings!? " " I've liked you ever since we met!" "Wha – " Nico swallows. He kneels beside Jason and gently pries the hero's hands from his face. "Look at me, Jason. You like me ?" Jason nods miserably. His electric blue eyes are brimming with unshed tears and his lips are quirked downwards. The scar on his upper lip looks translucent in the moonlight. For once, his golden-blond hair is standing in spikes. "I… I didn't know… I'm sorry, Jason," Nico scoots closer to the hero, who pulls him into an embrace. Nico doesn't resist, only rests his head on the hero's shoulder. He doesn't know what to say, so he closes his mouth. They stay like that for a couple of minutes and Nico thinks Jason's arms don't feel so bad. In fact, they feel rather nice and comfortable and pleasant and… "Jason," Nico pulls back and places his palms on the hero's cheeks. He presses a chaste kiss on Jason's lips and the blond's blue eyes go wide. "About that second date… ?" I'm far away, but I'll never let you go I'm love-struck and looking out the window Don't forget, don't forget where I'll be. The bed dips and Nico feels the blankets being pulled from under his chin. He is on his stomach, clutching a pillow to his chest, when he feels the bite of cold air on his bare shoulders. He groans and sits up, eyes still closed. " Sorry, did I wake you?" "Why are you up so early?" Nico mutters. He feels the bed dip again. There is a hand gently cradling the side of his face and then there is a pair of soft, insistent lips on his. Nico sleepily kisses back, smiling when the other's chuckle resounds throughout the room. " Robbery in Demeter's Market." "Alright," Nico murmurs as he is tucked into bed and kisses are peppered on his shoulder. "When will you be back?" " In time for breakfast." "You have a busy day today, huh? Okay, go save the world," Nico whispers, half-asleep now. "I'll be right here on the ground, when you come back down, Superman." Forever and ever.