over thousands and thousands of years old." Apollo chided. "But I like to look as young as I feel. Like they say, every time the sun rises, it's a new day." Apollo laughed like he said something witty. I was glad my Dad had finally appeared to me, but I felt sort of angry with him as well as confused about why he'd never contacted me before. "Dad, how come you've never tried talking to me before now?" I frowned at him. "All of your other kids have met you before plenty of times except me." Apollo's grin faded and instead he looked sullen. Which was sort of odd considering he was the sun god. "Well, I had to because fate demanded it to be so." Apollo explained. "You have a very important destiny ahead of you, so I was not allowed to interfere with your path." I mean, I guess I could understand. But that didn't make it hurt any less. Gods break the rules all the time anyway. How bad of a punishment could he have gotten if he just called me every now and then to ask me how I'm doing or something like that. "What do you mean I have an important destiny?" I was confused. "I'm just a medic. What important destiny could I be part of?" "Well, here's the news Alex." Apollo continued. "Your destiny leads you to the homeland. You must join the Seven on the Argo II and stop Gaea and her Giant children." I sat there trying to register what my Dad just said. "What?" I said in disbelief. "T-that can't be. I'm not a fighter. I'm a healer." I got out of my chair and started to back away. Apollo got up and tried to get closer to me but I just backed away even faster. "Look, Alex. I know it's tough, but you gotta do it. You being there will tip the scales in our favor." Apollo said calmly. "Besides, didn't you want to help your friends? Now's your chance to get stronger and help save them." "I-I didn't mean for it to be like this though" I backed up against a wall and could feel my legs shaking and my heart beating faster and faster. "I just wanted to make sure nobody died. Not go on the greatest quest of all time with the fate of the world in my hands." I fell on my knees and started to panic. "I'm not brave Dad!" I muttered. "I'm too scared. How could I possible help tip the scales?" I looked at the ground in shame. I always wanted to look good in front of my Dad and here I was scared out of my mind. Then I felt a hand being placed on my shoulder. I looked up and saw Apollo on one knee beside me, looking at me with confidence. "Look Alex, being brave doesn't mean you're not scared." Apollo assured. "Being brave means you are scared. Really scared actually. But you do the right thing anyway. It's alright to be afraid, but as long as you do what you must, that's all that matters. I believe in you son. You can do it." I felt more reassured then I had in a long time. I didn't know if it was his godly influence or if I had suddenly been injected with liquid courage, but I knew he was right. I got what he meant. I was scared, sure I'll admit it. But if me going on this quest means I can save my friends, then I'll have to take the risk. No matter how big it is. Maybe Will was right. It was time for me to change things for the better. It just means it would have to be a lot bigger than what I originally thought. I got up and Apollo looked at me with pride in his eyes. I was terrified to do this. But if I didn't, a lot more people were gonna get hurt. I couldn't be a coward and have that on my conscience for the rest of my life. If I can save people, I have to do it. I took in a big breath and let out a loud sigh. "Alright then." I agreed. "Let's do it." "First, you gotta be issued your prophecy." Apollo said. "Then, your quest will begin. Apollo put his hand on my forehead and suddenly a light enveloped the both of us. I felt my world get turned upside down and everything spun around so quickly. Suddenly we were in the forest where the Camp played Capture the Flag. I noticed we were on a trail that led up a hill where I could see the entrance to a creepy cave. I was guessing that's where the Oracle, Rachel Elizabeth Dare, lived during the summer. "OK Alex, now you just gotta go up the hill and get your prophecy." Apollo pointed up the hill. "I'll wait for you here." "Alright Dad." I started to make my way up the trail but stopped. I had one last question. I turned towards Apollo. "Dad, can we talk about Mom sometime?" Apollo's face grew a little pale. But he nodded. "Sure Alex." Apollo said softly. "Next time we meet after today." I nodded and started to walk up the trail again. I still felt like I couldn't do much to help the Seven. I was just the medic. But if my Dad says I can do it, then I need to believe in myself and help in any way I can. When fate hands you a hard obstacle, it's all about rising up to the occasion. Hey guys, the story may be a bit slow in the beginning, but I promise you it gets better the further you read into it. Lot's more action and story ahead, so keep on reading! :) Remember to rate and review as well as favorite and follow! Please and thank you!