she saw the hot blond VP standing alone in line, trying for a casual slump and not quite managing it. Fresh meat. She smacked the counter between her and Leo, gave her best friend a meaningful look, and said, "One sec" before, louder, "Hey, sorry, I can get you now." Vice President Tall, Buff, and Handsome stepped up to the counter. Piper knew his name full well, but it was more fun to pretend she didn't: "Grace, right?" she asked, cocking her hip out and suppressing a grin as she watched him almost drop his wallet. Funny—as a rule, she never put too much effort into her appearance. Today, for example, was just a couple of layers of T-shirts and a pair of ripped jeans. There were more important things to spend her time on, like figuring out how to pickpocket the fanciest pants on campus. But Jason was looking at her like he'd never seen a girl before. "Yeah," he said, his face reddening a bit. It was kind of cute, to be honest; almost enough to crack her flirty front and turn her into a stammering idiot too. But she just focused on his open wallet, and she was good. "Jason—Jason Grace." He paused, waiting like he wanted her to say something in return, but she pulled out a cardboard cup instead. "What can I get you?" she prompted him. "Uh—" He blinked, like he'd forgotten he came here for coffee. "Right, sorry. I need a mocha, extra chocolate, extra whipped cream, and then a triple shot of espresso." Two orders. She pulled out a second cup and scrawled an order on each one. "These both for you?" she asked. "No, one's for Reyna." Her lips parted in a knowing ah . "Must be a long night ahead for the two of you," she teased. "It will be," he agreed before her double-entendre tone caught up with him. He reddened even more as he stammered, "Not that we're—I mean, tests. We have research papers and a couple of tests to study for—I mean, we do live together, but it's not—We aren't—" He trailed off in embarrassment. "Hey, it's none of my business what student gov does on their nights off," Piper smirked, holding up her hands. Leo snickered, and Jason looked over, bewildered. Piper swallowed a laugh, shook her head. "So which one's Reyna's?" It took him a second to recover his voice. "The extra-chocolate one." That surprised her, given the lady president's normal image of Regal and Grown-Up, but she was the first to admit appearances weren't everything. For example, most people didn't peg her as a smooth-talker and a thief, which was why she was so good at it. So she said nothing as she wrote the right name on each cup. "It'll just be a second," she said with a waving-off gesture to give him leave to talk to Leo or something while she threw the coffees together, but he lingered by the cash register. "How long have you been working here?" he asked over the whir of the espresso machine. "I mean, I stop here pretty much every day, but I've only ever seen Drew or Malcolm working the late shift." She glanced his way and found him looking at her intently. "Yeah, I'm new," she allowed. "Put the newbie on the worst time slot, right? But a job's a job. Gotta make money somehow." Leo cackled. She glared. Not the time, she projected at him. She had zero desire for a lecture on the morality of theft, and if Leo thought her skills were funny, she'd take back the Camaro she'd picked up for him last year. Piper slapped lids on both coffee cups and slid the drinks toward Jason. He gave her exact change, and she gave him his receipt. "Have a good night," she smiled, but as he began to say thanks she winked at him, the most flirty and suggestive wink she could manage, so it came out more like thaang . Jason Grace took his coffee and fled up the stairs. Leo was practically rolling on the floor, he was laughing so hard. "You did the Thing," he gasped. She ran her fingers through her choppy hair and made a face. "I have no idea what you're talking about," she said loftily, but she could feel her face smoldering into what she knew was a bright red. Then, her concentration on obnoxious flirting broken: "He's cute! " she protested in an embarrassed hiss, making Leo laugh even harder. " I'm cute. He's , like, a blond Superman." He waggled his eyebrows suggestively. "Shut up." Against her will, her eyes glanced up the staircase, looking for blond hair and broad shoulders and not finding them. Why would she? He had homework and tests and coffee and Reyna. But she unconsciously began to smooth her right hand over her throat, stroking from under her jaw down to her clavicle. A nervous habit, a comforting gesture left over from the way she used to pet Nunnehi, the last cat her dad gave her. Why did she need comforting? That was stupid. Her best friend grabbed a fistful of her hair and tugged on it lightly. "Dude, Piper. Earth to Piper. Did you at least pull anything?" She started, then shook her head. "Nah, didn't get the chance." He gave her a look. She had had plenty of chances—Grace had practically thrown his wallet at her. Twice. But she didn't want to discuss why exactly she had left the VP un-pickpocketed, so she crossed her arms over her sticky-aproned chest, and Leo took the hint. "Fine. Then tell me about the fire alarm," he said. So she did, even though she was still blushing, not to mention irritated at her stupid, slight disappointment at the empty staircase. But as she talked, it occurred to her that if Jason made a nightly caffeine stop here, she might volunteer for the late shift more often.