no, no! Percy!" I said freaked out. Percy coughed weakly "No! Come on Percy, stay with me, Percy!" repeated. Percy coughed again. Then I remembered the bracelet and took the hearts of our bracelets out and put them together. Then I took Percy's hand holding the heats with our hands, and begged the gods, but nothing happened "Please! My Gods! Let him live! Please! Please, let him live, I'm begging you!" "Annabeth!" Percy weakly called me, turning my head to face him "What?" tears were filling my eyes "You'll always be my Wise Girl" "And you my Seaweed Brain" Percy took one last breath as his eyes closed. I heard the others beginning to cry. Thalia silently cried on Nico's shoulder and Clarisse and Micol began to cry silently as well. I let go of Percy's hand which fell on his wound. I don't know what happened to me but I started to sing our favorite song, but very slowly " I believe my heart. How can it be wrong? It says that what I feel for you I will feel my whole lifelong" I stopped singing and touched Percy's forehead with mine "My whole lifelong" I repeated and cried deliberately. Suddenly I saw a pink light coming out of Percy's hand "Look" Nico said. I turned around as a bright pink light came out of Percy's wound. I couldn't believe my eyes. The light filled the room and a heart also appeared out of Percy's wound. As the light went out, there was no more wound. My eyes widen and I turned back to Percy. Percy slowly opened his eyes "Annabeth?" he said. I gasped "Percy?" "Did I ever tell you that you are too smart for a Wise Girl?" "Percy!" I shouted hugging him as I hugged him also the others hugged him together "Whoa, whoa! Guys! I died once! It was enough!" he said as we hugged him. Our mission was almost over we had to take Cerberus back. When we arrived to Olympus, all the gods where there. Only Percy, Micol and I went to Olympus anyway. As we took Cerberus back to Hades, he took the stones of his neck and sent him back to Hell. "Perseus Jackson, Annabeth Chase, you did a good job!" Zeus said "Thank you my Lord, but we couldn't have done it without a person that we would want our parents to meet" I said "Who is this person?" Poseidon asked "You'll see. Maybe Poseidon and Athena want to come to ground level" Percy said. Our parents smiled and turned human size. "Micol, you can come in now!" Percy called. Poseidon and Athena dropped their jaw as Micol entered the room. She stepped between us and looked at her parents. "Hi Mom, hi Dad" she said. All the gods and goddesses dropped their mouths as Micol said hello to her parents. They couldn't believe Athena and Poseidon had child. "Micol, we're so proud of you!" Athena said "Yes, we really are" Poseidon added "Athena! Poseidon! Is this girl your daughter?" Zeus said "Yes Brother" Poseidon said "How is this possible?" Zeus said "The party we had 14 years ago…well…we drank a bit too much." Athena explained. Zeus and the Olympians broke into laughter and we all did, but as the laughter stopped Micol hugged her parents. Athena and Poseidon hugged her back and offered us their hand so Percy and I joined the hug. "Since you helped with the quest, and you are daughter of two gods, I offer you to become a goddess again." Zeus said "Zeus, I appreciate your offer, but I wish to stay a demigod. Camp Half-Blood is where I belong." Micol answered. Athena and Poseidon smiled, "Then take the stones. You will choose where to hide them again. Choose well. This is important" Zeus said taking the stones from Hades and handing them to our sister, then, we all left we left. Back at camp we were greeted by a welcome back party. Percy asked me to be his date again and I accepted with no problems. Keira will baby sit my siblings for tonight. When we arrived to the party, Percy and I danced and sang and had fun with our friends. I suddenly saw Micol walking at the beach, Percy and I joined her. She was looking at the sea and held the stones in her hands. "Hey!" we greeted "Hey!" she said back "What are you doing here? Don't you like the party?" I said with a smile "Thinking. And parties aren't my thing even if it is for us" she said "Well, I see you have the stones. You have a choice to make" Percy said. Micol smiled and threw the stones in the water "Nice choice!" I said with a smile "Maybe you want to go back to the party since Thomas was string at you for the whole time." I continued. My sister smiled and we headed back. At the ending of the party there was a slow dance. Percy took me to the dance floor and wrapped his arms around my waist and I wrapped mine around his neck and rested my head on his shoulder. We danced silently then Percy broke the silence "Annabeth?" I lifted my head "Yes" "Do you remember at the hotel when I made you listen to that song?" "Yes, I remember" "How can I say it? Uhm…" "Please say it!" "That's how I feel about you since I was twelve" he finally said. I smiled. Percy leaned in and I closed my eyes waiting for him and then it came. The kiss I waited for since I was twelve. It was pure magic. Suddenly I heard cheers and whistles come from around us. "The word "privacy" really doesn't exist here, right?" Percy said and I laughed "You're the only couple on the dance floor and you've been kissing for two minutes! What did you expect?" Grover said with a smile. THE END!