of Poseidon it was seven o' clock. Percy changed into the camp shirt and jeans, then headed for breakfast. He ate alone at the Poseidon table, thinking about what he should do. It all really boiled down to three options: Move on, join Annabeth, or continue the way he was. Percy didn't really want to betray Annabeth by getting another girlfriend, and he also didn't want to betray her by taking the easy road and killing himself. Breakfast passed, along with most of the day. Percy wrote his thirty-fifth journal entry, then flipped back through the pages, starting from the beginning. It seemed like nothing had changed since that eighth entry, except for the son of Poseidon getting physically weaker and more apathetic. Chiron looked at him with pity, while he and Clarisse had grown further apart since the second fight. 1/26/2016- Journal Thirty-Six I went to Chiron today, and asked for help getting over Annabeth. He told me to let go of her memory, to accept her death and move on. I know she's dead, and I fully accept that. But I can't let go of her memory or move on. She was everything to me, and that was amazing. Should she be worth any less to me in death than in life? Should I be that shallow, moving on only a month after she died? Chiron said making progress takes time, but what progress have I made? None, other than Clarisse fighting. Is the process over, then? Or am I stuck in it? I should destroy this journal, break the dagger and burn the necklace. Start over entirely, maybe move to London or something. But isn't death universal? Isn't that why he wasn't affected by the whole Greek-Roman thing? So wherever I go, her death will always be with me. Nico ran from Bianca's death. How did he get past it? He never told me, should I ask? Would that be too personal? I can't believe I'm still writing in this, actually. So I guess I'll end it here. ‡—XXXXX—‡ Time Skip: Two Months (3/26/2016) "Anything?" asked Percy hopefully. Clarisse, the other "leader" of Camp Half-Blood, shook her head tiredly. Some creature had killed a demigod a while ago, and no one had seen hide nor hair of it since. "Nothing." She replied, "I didn't expect to find anything, either. It's been over a week since Draco died and the punk had it coming, if you ask me." "And yet," I commented, "We're still looking for the killer." "He's a demigod. Whoever killed him is a threat." Clarisse replied bluntly, "Anything new happen here?" Clarisse had taken a few Ares campers to look for a something that killed Draco Lanstead a while back. The tracks disappeared, but Clarisse went in that direction, looking for anything. Meanwhile, the son of Poseidon was stuck in Camp. Percy groaned, "Nothing new." Clarisse raised an eyebrow, obviously not believing him. Percy stood, turning to the door, "I'm going for a walk." They were both inside the War Room before the son of Poseidon left, heading for the forest. After Leo's discovery of Bunker Nine a bit more then a year ago, people were constantly trying to find more secrets hidden in the trees. Riptide was in Percy's hand as he walked, and Annabeth's dagger was at his waist. No way he was going to be caught defenseless. The first monster the demigod came across was something with a goat head and goat legs. Not a Satyr -for sure- and defiantly not as friendly. Percy rolled to the side as it charged, then buried Riptide up to the hilt in it's body. It turned to dust as the son of Poseidon strode away, not noticing the hole in the ground until far to late. His foot fell into empty space, and -off-balance- Percy fell headlong into the darkness. Riptide was still in his hand, though, so the son of Poseidon stabbed it in to the wall. He did the same with Annabeth's dagger, then hit the ground with a heavy thud. Percy sat as still as a statue, glancing around for a delta, silently pleading to the Fates that this wasn't the Labyrinth . Luckily, the demigod didn't see one, and started looking for a way out. An opening led off to the side, but the demigod couldn't see very far down it. "So," Percy mused aloud, "Stay here and try to climb out, or walk into some dark cave. Ah, who am I kidding?" The son of Poseidon strode into the darkness, occasionally tripping as his feet and a rock competed for the same spot. But the cave was slowly getting brighter -along with the sound of running water becoming louder- as the demigod kept going, until the cave ended with a blue door. A blue door with "Bunker Three" embedded in bronze over it. "No way." Percy breathed, summoning enough water to soak his hand before opening the door. Inside, couches and chairs surrounded a crackling fire while the top of the room was transparent, showing the river rushing overhead. There were doors surrounding the room, each leading off in a different direction. Some led to what looked like the Roman military barracks- racks of bunks and not much else- while others were storerooms filled with Greek Fire, godly food, and everything else a bunch of Greeks needed to fight a war. Others still were dedicated armories, training rooms, and even an underground archery range. The demigod kept exploring, his grief momentarily lifted by the novelty of exploration and discovery. It wouldn't last, however, as once Percy arrived back at the tunnel leading out, the emptiness that Annabeth's death brought returned and left the son of Poseidon silently weeping on the floor. A/N: I said Pertemis at the beginning, 'cause that's where I'm leaning right now. But there's a poll on my profile that will decide where this story's going, so please take it. Please review, favorite, follow, whatever. Or not.