fully exposed. My eyes widened, feeling the sudden embarrassment envelop me. I am seeing Percy Jackson naked... Groaning, I saw him who smirked. "Came here to see me?" he winked and my nose wrinkled in disgust. Though visiting him wouldn't be something bad... "I came here because..." I was breathless. "Never mind...I am sorry I barged I just..." my voice trailed off when my eyes adverted to Percy's chest. What is wrong with you Annabeth? Why are you being such a stupid girl? Stop staring at his chest! I groaned, staring at the small muscles that Percy had. He didn't exactly have a six pack or such, but he was rather lean. I could already smell his sea-breeze cologne and couldn't help but want to hug him. All you have to do is run and lean in... "You know Percy? Wear a shirt!" I yelled and he laughed. "Okay," he chuckled and slipped on a black V-neck. The shirt hugged his whole chest, and I couldn't help but feel the unknown sparks trail towards me again. He was absolutely handsome, and my senses of stop staring at him failed. I looked into his eyes and he smiled. "You know Annabeth, what destiny is this?" he winked and I glared. Folding my arms, I regained from my attitude I showed Percy. "You're under the mistletoe. If I take a step-" "Don't you dare," I dangerously said. "If you do-" "And if I do, I might steal the first kiss you had," he winked and I blushed. How did he know that I never kissed a boy ever? So embarrassing. "Well...why is there even a mistletoe on your door ceiling?" I yelled and he laughed. "I just thought destiny might bring me into a proper relationship," he mumbled, biting his lip. "Seriously?" I laughed. "Serious," he muttered again, a hint of a blush creeping against his cheek. "Well guess what?" I folded my arms again, feeling the sudden panic rise against my chest. "Forget that this didn't happen. Besides, I am not your type. It would be foolish to even fall for your annoying lab partner!" I chuckled nervously, though my heart broke just saying that. "Plus...I am not pretty. You said to me earlier int he year that your favorite eye color was blue or green. And hey; maybe destiny never led us because Rachel has really pretty hair so boy, don't even think we're destiny. We are not. So forget about this whole incident, shall we?" As much as the words stung every bit in my heart, I could not help but agree to it. So much people were destined for Percy, and his mistletoe starter was ruined by me. I bit my lip, thinking of every possible way of why I wasn't capable to ever be Percy's girlfriend. I am stingy. I am not romantist. I bury my head in books, not party. I let my hopes too high. I am not a fashionista. I do not wear make up. I don't have green or blue eyes. I have a hard life. I am poor. I am ugly. Selfish. Snappy- "I am not forgetting this," Percy glared and my eyes widened. "W-W-W-What?!" I stammered and he bit his lip. "I am not forgetting this," he muttered. "Maybe, destiny did lead you in my room! Maybe that is the case! Maybe...just maybe...we were meant to be." I bit my lip, feeling all sorts of emotions strike me hard. "We aren't good for each other," I snapped back, feeling every sort of pain inside of me. I knew this could be some sort of opportunity to even kiss him but I knew for his sake, I should back off. Besides...why is he not trying to forget? Why not? "We are," he whispered, taking a step closer to each other. I stepped back, but he kept coming closer. I sighed, standing still and he held my shoulders. "Don't leave me Annabeth. Please," he whispered, and I felt a rush of emotions deep inside of me. "You don't love me. This is pathetic," I spat. "Or maybe, you're too blind enough to notice my feelings for you," he replied, his voice full of random emotion. His voice was raspy, and his eyes showed all sorts of emotions I could not decipher. "I...Annabeth...you..." he blushed, and turned away. "You know what?!" I yelled and his head snapped up. "I guess..." "What?" he muttered, having the eyes of rejection. "I guess...I should leave." His face shown all sorts of heartbroken feelings and I couldn't help but then finish my statement. "I should leave because...if I do...you wouldn't notice my hidden feelings for you." His eyes lit up and a smile slowly crept his face. "Okay, you can laugh. I know, I know, I have feelings for you. I'll stop and-" my lips crashed against his as his hands cupped my cheeks. I couldn't help but kiss him back as a smile escaped his lips through the kiss. We rocked against the mistletoe, just kissing and showing the deepest love that both of us could ever feel. I couldn't believe I was kissing him, but I was, and something about that made me feel happier than I ever expected me to be. All the pain and all the rushed emotions of ever denying him or pushing him away faded. For the first time, I felt really confident in front of Percy. We pulled away and he smiled. "Annabeth, you drive me nuts. And you don't know how much I love you." I blushed at that comment and he laughed. "Isn't it funny how destiny led us under the mistletoe?" So! That is the end of the cute little one-shot I had created! Did you like it? Review below and tell me your insight of what you think about this one-shot! Also, don't forget about December 24th's one-shot uploaded tomorrow! Hope you guys have the merriest Christmas and please review about how you thought about this! :)