Kronos spoke in a smooth voice. Pastor Zeus cleared his throat, and shot a glare at Percy's direction. Percy swallowed the lump that had formed in his throat. He looked around him and saw the disappointed look from his parents and the glares shot his way by Mr. and Mrs. Chase. Luke shot him a look that was full of pity. "Thank you sir," Mr. Chase started to thank the stranger. "Lord Kronos Bitter, pleasure," Kronos introduced himself. "Yes, pleasure," murmured Lady Athena as the rest of the people took their seats and continued on with the rehearsal. "Now then, Perseus, resume from where you left on. With the ring... you do have the ring don't you boy ?" Pastor Zeus dared Percy to say otherwise. "Ah yes, the ring..." Percy patted his body, looking for the ring. After a few seconds he took out the ring and held it between his thumb and forefinger. "With this ring..." and right as he said those words, the ring slipped from Percy's fingers and bounced around. Percy dove to catch it and failed in the process. Finally the ring stopped bouncing around and landed inside of Lady Athena's dress. Percy reached his hand inside and came out with the ring in hand, meanwhile Lady Athena started to have a fit. "Oh my God!" Lady Athena shrieked in a shrill voice. "Get out of there boy!" Lord Chase shouted. "Percy!" Poseidon called to his son. "My apologies Lady Athena!" Percy profusely apologized to the shrill Lady Athena. "This boy does not want to be married!" Pastor Zeus shouted. "Percy, oh dear," Sally called to her son. "No! I-I do want to-" Percy started to argue back. He slowly backed away from the room, walking backwards until his back hit the door behind him. "Then learn your lines boy! Learn those lines! " Zeus warned Percy. Percy looked at his parents who's eyes were filled with sadness, the pointed glares he received from the Mr. and Mrs. Chase, the look of disgust from the pastor, Annabeth and Luke looking at him with pity. Lord Kronos watched Percy with an inexplicable look. Percy searched frantically for the doorknob, and once he found it, he threw open the door and ran out of the church. He ran all through town and it wasn't until he crossed a brick bridge, did Percy stop running. He slowed down his steps and entered the woods. All the while muttering to himself. "God, how pathetic can I get?" Percy rambled. "It should be easy... it's just some simple vows..." Percy walked with ease considering how clumsy he was. He cleared his throat and prepared to recite the vows he had messed up. "With this hand," Percy lifted his right hand, "no, it's the other one." He proceeded to start over, "with this hand, I shall- no it's will, I will lift your sorrows. I will cup..." Percy had cupped his hands and brought them towards his chest. "Oh dear! No, okay with this candle, I will... set your mother on fire..." Percy huffed out loud. "Oh I can't do this... no I can. I must do this. I have to do this." And so with renowned conviction, Percy paced around the graveyard he was in. "With this hand, I will lift your sorrows. Your cup will never empty, for I will be your wine. With this candle," Percy snapped a branch from a tree and pretended to light it, "I will light your way in darkness. With this ring," Percy took out the ring from his coat pocket, "I ask you to be mine." Percy slid the ring on a branch as he finished his vows perfectly. Soon, the graveyard started to fog up all around Percy. The shadows grew darker and it became eerily quiet. Percy started to back away, when suddenly there was a bright light that momentarily blinded Percy. He saw a figure slowly start to rise and the figure was surrounded by the bright light. A veil hid the face of the person, but Percy saw a ragged and torn white tuxedo. The figure was wearing all white, like as if a bride or well groom by the looks of the clothing. The veil was moved away by a skeleton hand and revealed a young man, with dark brown orbs, translucent pale skin, and midnight black hair that curled at the ends. He moved closer to Percy who froze where he stood, and raised his left hand. "I do," the young man whispered softly. Percy got over his fear and started to run away. He ran through the woods that seemed to be making it impossible for Percy to properly run straight. The branches caught onto his jacket, or pebbles would trip him up, slowing Percy down. Percy looked behind him and saw the corpse running after him. "Ahhhhh!" Percy yelled, fear gripping him. The corpse only giggled, seemingly thinking that this was all a game. That only made Percy's panic grow. "Silly, where are you going?" The corpse laughed softly, chasing after Percy. "Get away!" Percy yelled, hoping the corpse would stop chasing him. Percy ran all the way to the brick bridge and stopped to catch his breath. He looked back towards the woods and didn't see any sign of the corpse. "Oh thank God I lost him," Percy exhaled heavily. "Lost who?" Said the voice belonging to the corpse who appeared in front of Percy. "G-get away!" Percy shouted. Soon, bats started to surround the two of them, caging them in. Flying around them and getting closer together. "Oh silly, we're married now. You may now, kiss the bride." Nico moved closer to Percy and kissed him on the lips. Percy blacked out as he was consumed by darkness. And so there's the first chapter in this short story I'm going to be doing for Halloween! I hope you enjoyed it! Please review! I would very much appreciate it! And thanks for reading!