roses, remember?" "Yeah, right" Then he took my hand and slipped on the bracelet "Did you do it yourself?" "Grover showed me how to twist flowers together" "It's beautiful, thank you" I said. He smiled and offered me his arm. I smiled back and looped my arm around his As we entered the garden, it was full of balloons and lights and everything. Usually, proms were at the gym, but this time it was outside. It looked like an outside disco. Everybody was dancing. As Thalia, Silena and the others saw me, they came to us. We began talking and laughing, and time was flying very fast. I went to the buffet to get some punch. Percy had disappeared for a couple of minutes. I was looking around trying to see him "Don't worry, he'll come back" Bianca said as she arrived next to me "Yeah I know" "Have you seen Clarisse and Chris?" "Yeah, they look cute together. When did Chris ask Clarisse?" "Yesterday" "Say, WHAT?" "Yeah, she dragged me with her to find a dress for 3 freaking hours!" "You don't like being dragged everywhere, do you?" "Ok, sorry for dragging you to go shopping with us. But it was worth it!" "Yeah. Hey, where are Thalia, Silena, and Beckendorf? They disappeared with Percy" "I don't know" she smirked "What are you hiding Bianca?" "Nothing" "Tell me why-" "Hello everyone, you know me, Jerry Stone" Grover said on the stage as everyone cheered "Tonight, 'The Demigods', our favorite group, will sing live for us their last song!" he continued. Suddenly, Beckendorf, Silena, Thalia and Percy appeared on the stage. Percy got to his microphone "Hello people! This is R.J. one singer and you all know that we have another one, so I ask for Alex Light to join us!" everyone cheered and a light shot right on me "Alex! Alex! Alex!" everyone cheered. I wasn't expecting that! I looked at Bianca who was smiling "Go!" she said pushing me to the front. I walked on the stage and Percy handed me a microphone "Percy" I whispered/called "What do you think you're doing? Our song isn't finished!" I said "Yes it is" he answered "Just sing your parts, and let me do the rest. Don't worry, I won't make us look like idiots" he said smiling. I trusted him, so I just nodded and the music began: Oh Oh Oh You were working at your dad's big Summer Village it was summer, and all schools were out You were a music star with the fear of falling Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts I say "Can you believe it?" as we're lying on the couch the moment, can you see it? Yes, yes I can see it now Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? You put your arm around me For the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best friend That's ever been mine Flash forward and we're planning world round tours together and there's a drawer of my things at your loft We learn our secrets and we figure out why we're guarded You say we'll always be friends But we got tours to plan We're still writing a new song And now we are here again Yes, yes This is what we though about Do you remember we were sitting there by the water? I put my arm around you For the first time You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best friend That's ever been mine Do you remember the sleepover back at my house? You said again that you loved me Not as best friends You made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best friend That's ever been mine Oh, oh And I remember that fight 2.30a.m. I said "Our friendship is slipping right out of our hands" The next week you ran out crying and I followed you out into the yard Praised yourself for the good-bye Cause it's all you've ever known And I took you by surprise I said "I'll never leave you alone" I said "I remember how we felt sitting by the water and every time I look at you it's like the first time I fell in love with a careless man's careful daughter You are the best friend That ever been mine ( Hold on , we'll make it right ) ( Hold on , never turn back ) You/ I made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter You are the best friend That's ever been mine (Hold on) Can you believe it? (Hold on) We're gonna make it now (Hold on) And I can see it I can see it now I was shocked! Percy used the song to tell me his feelings for me! We just looked at each other in the eyes. Grover took the microphone again "A little bird told me that R.J. here, used the song to express his feelings for Alex. Is it true R.J.?" Grover said. Silence. "I did" Percy answered looking at me "Alex, what do you say?" Grover asked. I was speechless. "Kiss him! Kiss him! Kiss him!" the crowd cheered. I didn't have enough time to do what they told me, that Percy kissed me. Everyone cheered. This time, I was not blushing or embarrassed or cared about the others cheering or anything. I kissed him back, because probably that is what I wanted to do from last summer. Because, this time, I found someone that didn't love me because I was Alex Light. I found Percy who loved me because I was Annabeth. Suddenly, fireworks shot up into the air. Percy and I lifted our heads like everybody, surprised by the fireworks. But then we just kissed again under the fireworks. As we pulled away, we smiled at each other, and watched the fireworks. I LOVE PROM!