ankles, but Piper splashed Jason anyways and he splashed her back. Soon they were both wet and laughing and their sparklers were extinguished. Jason took the dead sticks and tucked them into a free pocket before rejoining their hands. Most people were moving out of the water as the first remnants of the stars began to appear on the eastern horizon. Several people had left, including most of the more drunk people, but someone had turned the music from the speaker down really low and people were gathering around the fire. Jason led Piper over and they found some seats on a log next to Will Solace and Nico di Angelo. Will had a guitar in his lap and he smiled at Piper as they sat. "In the mood to sing?" he asked. She shrugged. "Why not?" Will strummed a few chords and Piper hummed along, catching onto the song easily. She started singing the first verse, and around the fire, people joined in. By the time they reached the chorus, almost the whole group was singing. Jason's arm wrapped around Piper's waist and he smiled at her. He wasn't singing, but Piper wasn't going to fight him over it since they'd long established Jason did not have the voice for singing like she did. It was a joke shared between them with love. Will started into another song and people sang along again. Eventually, the guitar chords faded into the background as people talked about things and made toasts, raising glasses full of water, coke, or slightly more risky substances. Piper had abandoned her beer, donating it to Leo, and Jason was only drinking water. Piper leant into Jason's side and he pressed a light kiss to the side of her head. She tangled their hands again and ran the pads of her free digits over their interconnected knuckles, humming under her breath. By now, the numbers had dwindled and there was only a core group of kids left. It was nearly 10:30, and the fire was just starting to burn through the last set of logs. The party would be wrapping up very soon, but with her boyfriend at her side and her friends around her, Piper wasn't sure she wanted to head home, or to bed, just yet. She squeezed Jason's hand and he looked down at her. "I have my car if you wanna go somewhere." "Where?" he asked curiously. Piper smiled. "Honestly, let's just go somewhere." Jason's lips twitched. "Sounds like a plan." They excused themselves from the circle, bidding everyone a goodnight, and headed off the beach towards where Piper was parked. She tossed Jason the keys when they reached her car. Despite not even finishing one drink, Piper wasn't going to risk driving. She pulled up the address for a park on the north side of town and began directing Jason there. When they arrived, Jason parked near a lookout and Piper jumped out of the car, wandering towards it. It looked out over the city and Piper could just barely make out the smudge of orange that was the dying fire from the party on the beach. Jason walked over, holding a blanket that had been in the backseat of her car. They spread the blanket and lay down together, staring up at the sky and the stars that were peeking through the indigo-violet sky. Piper curled into Jason and his arm easily wound around her waist in return. "I love summer," she said quietly. "I know you do," Jason agreed. "I'm just not sure if I'm ready for everyone to leave," she murmured. "I'm not sure any of us are ready to leave either," he admitted. "Besides, I'm going to San Francisco. It's not that far. It's Percy and Annabeth who are both going to New York." "I hope they stay together." "They've been good to each other for a long time," Jason said, tightening his grip around her a little. Piper's eyes found the beginnings of a constellation. "So have we," she added. "I'm glad." They lay in comfortable silence for a moment. "I love you," Piper said softly. "I love you too," Jason replied. His voice was low and gentle and Piper pressed a kiss to his cheek. "Even though you're going away, we'll be okay, won't we?" she asked tentatively. "Of course," Jason assured. "In fact, I actually have something for you." Piper sat up and Jason copied her. She stared at him as he pulled a small box out of his pocket. Her eyes locked onto it and she nearly forgot to breathe. "I don't really want to see my life without you. We're so young right now, but this feels so right. So," he trailed off, opening the box, "I'm hoping this will help us stay connected even when I'm away." Piper gently reached out to touch the circular locket. It was gold and smaller than a penny, but it was embellished simply and beautifully. She flicked the tiny clasp and revealed their picture from prom. She smiled and ran a nail along the glass pane. "It's beautiful, Jason, thank you." "You're probably going to say I didn't have to, but I wanted to." Piper laughed. "Right, because the movie star's daughter needs more things that are gold." Jason kissed her then, and Piper didn't think much past it as she wound her arms around his neck. The kiss was lazy and slow, but romantic and full of emotion. They broke apart when Piper ran out of air and she pressed another, feather-light kiss to the edge of Jason's lips. "This is the start of a perfect summer," she whispered so only he could hear her. After that, it was quiet, but that was alright because despite how much she enjoyed people, there was something truly romantic and fulfilling about a little silence every now and then. Author's Note: This was my gift for nerdzewordart on Tumblr for the Feast of Fortuna 2017. Happy summer everyone!