thought before remembering what Travis had said, it wouldn't be fair to awaken Annabeth from her much-needed sleep. Especially not because of some Stoll brothers prank. I looked at my mother again, seeing only her caring personality shining through. "Mom," I started, "Annabeth needs her sleep, and this really isn't worth waking her up for. I'll be back soon." With that I wrote a quick note in Greek to Annabeth explaining that the Stoll brothers had pulled a prank that got a little out of hand and that I would be back soon. Grabbing my set of car keys and telling my mom goodbye once more, I slipped into Annabeth's room to leave the note on her nightstand and kiss her on the forehead lightly. How I got so lucky as to date Annabeth Chase, I will never know. Eventually I was on the road in my fairly battered blue Jeep, headed to camp. I still had no idea what Travis and Conner expected from me, but I did know that the Stoll brothers are almost as good at getting out of sticky situations as they are at getting into them. Almost. As soon as I reached camp limits, Malcolm, Annabeth's second-in-command, marched up to me, demanding to find out where Annabeth was. As soon as he asked, my vision narrowed. We were stuck in Tartarus again, covered in scratches and bruises that would surely scar, while Annabeth tried to limp along side of me. Annabeth leaned down for more of the firewater, while I took a couple of more steps ahead. That couple of steps was enough for me to lose sight of Annabeth in the darkness. I could feel the panic swell up in my chest as I screamed her name, hearing only a faint "Percy" in response. That's when the hellhound attacked. I was snapped out of my flashback when Malcolm snapped his fingers under my nose. "Well?" Malcolm asked impatiently, crossing his arms. "Oh sorry, she's back at the apartment. I was letting her rest since she hasn't gotten much sleep lately." I explained. Malcolm's hard expression softened slightly at mention of his sister, "Alright," he said, "but you better be treating my sister well. If not, we'll know." The other Athena kids glared at me similarly as they stood under Thalia's pine, refusing to return to their cabin until the whole spider ordeal was over. I nodded back at Malcolm before heading over to the Big House where Chiron greeted me warmly before sending me into the rec room where the Stoll brothers and Mr. D were awaiting my arrival impatiently. "Peter Johnson, nice of you to finally show up." "Hello to you too, Mr. D." I greeted in return while Travis and Connor waved excitedly from the couch. "Percy, buddy!" Connor exclaimed. "We've missed you!" Travis added to his brother's remark. I couldn't help but grin, even under the circumstances it was nice to see the brothers. "So, about those spiders..." I began, unsure of how to begin this sentence. "Right, those, the Athena cabin is still pretty ticked off so they refuse to help us get rid of the spiders." Travis explained. "However, with the use of our clever detective work-" Connor began before his brother interrupted him. "By that you mean my fantastic work." "All you did was hit on Katie Gardener while the head of the Hecate cabin told me everything." "So you admit you did nothing?" "I did more than you did!" "Boys!" Chiron cut off Travis and Connor's bickering. "Just get to the point, please." "Okay," Travis said, "basically after we put acceptance letters to Hogwarts all over the Hecate cabin, they got mad and cursed our next prank to completely backfire." "So that's why the spiders are both alive and on fire?" I questioned. "Yeah, pretty much. We were hoping that you could help us out." Connor informed me. "Why don't you just ask the Hecate cabin to reverse the spell?" I asked. "They refuse to help us either." "Man, we really need to work on our alliances." "Right?" "Boys, now is not the time." Chiron interfered once more. "Sorry, Percy, all we need you to do is drown the spiders." Connor declared. "But I thought you said the spiders are immune to water, how is that gonna help?" I asked. "Because, Seaweed Brain, oxygen flames the fire and the water would cut of that source of oxygen, causing the spiders to suffocate. The water may not affect them in the sense that their fire will go out, but no living animal can survive without oxygen." Sometime during this conversation Annabeth had appeared at the door of the Big House with her gladius swinging dangerously at her hip. Annabeth stood at the entrance to the rec room with her arms crossed and her curly blonde hair in it's signature ponytail. "Annabeth!" Travis and Conner exclaimed in fear, quickly jumping behind me as if I would protect them from the reign of the daughter of Athena. Annabeth scowled at the brothers before looked me in the eye and full-out glaring at me. She seemed to be a mixture of angry and disappointed in me. "Percy Jackson, let me make myself crystal clear. If you ever leave the apartment for camp without telling me again, we are going to have a serious issue. Am I understood?" I nodded violently, trying to convey my apology to the girl I love. Her glare softened only slightly. "Annabeth, it wasn't his fault, we-" Travis began before Annabeth put up her hand to stop him from continuing. "Oh, don't even get me started on you two. You put spiders in my cabin! You know that is quite possibly the stupidly thing you could do! What were you thinking?" "We didn't." The Stolls muttered quietly with their heads hung in shame. Annabeth looked satisfied for the moment before looking to me, "Percy, please go get rid of those spiders now." "I'm on it, Wise Girl."