for yourself because you deserve more and you need them to shut the fuck up and listen sometimes. I'm sorry because I treated you like shit. I should have taken notice sooner and the fact that you saved me from myself. And finally, thank you. You opened my eyes to the carnage that is this life, and made me see that I have to change it. Because if I didn't no one else would. You made me a better person, and I hope I made you one too. Goodbye Jason Grace, my name is Piper McLean and you were the only person who ever actually knew me." Piper leaves then, without looking back, her posture tall and confident and she knows that they're all watching. And for once, she doesn't care. Jason is left standing there, her words ringing through his head. Percy mumbles something about her being a badass, but Jason's ears are still ringing. The bell rings, and the teachers watching jolt into action. They herd all the students into class and no one utters a word. Everyone files off, thinking about how Piper McLean just did the unthinkable. Everyone appreciates it. Everyone has respect for the former plastic queen of the school. Everyone knows that she's a person, just like everyone else. And she's a damn good one. But, no one bothers to follow her out of the school. Jason goes to his next class, but the whole school is still in silence and shock so nothing really gets done. After school, he numbly walks to his locker and mechanically swaps his books for homework. Finally, and hour and a half later, her final words set in. "Goodbye Jason Grace, my name is Piper McLean and you were the only person who ever actually knew me." He knows now that Piper McLean will never return to this school on the east side of Manhattan. He knows her father has a private jet. He knows why she chose now to change and speak out. He knows now that this is his last chance and that he has to be to the airport right now. So Jason steals Percy's keys from him, leaving behind a bewildered and offended best friend as he takes off. He navigates Percy's car through downtown Manhattan traffic impatiently. He gets to JFK an hour later and can only pray he's not too late. He drives to the side entrance and begs and begs with the guard there to let him onto the private tarmac. After ten minutes the guard relents and passes him through. Jason's heart is racing a 100 miles an hour and he can't process a single thought logically. He runs towards the McLean's plane. Piper is on the tarmac, beaming and speaking with her dad. Mr. McLean boards the plane and Piper McLean turns to follow. Jason knows it has to be now. "PIPER MCLEAN!" He yells. Piper freezes like someone has shocked her. She turns and sees Jason racing towards her. Her fingers clench the railing of the steps up to the plane. Jason stops a couple of feet from the stairs and catches his breath. He looks up at her. His blue eyes are electrifying and trap her while Piper's kaleidoscope eyes capture his emotions. "Hi Piper McLean." He says. Piper watches him. "My name is Jason Grace. I know your name and your story. I've seen you when you're hiding. I've seen you when you're having fun. I've seen you when you're passionate. I've seen you when you aren't taking anyone else's shit. I've seen you when you're upset. I've seen you in as many ways as anyone else who has ever known you. But only you have seen me vulnerable. Only you have seen me when I'm brave. Only you have seen me when I'm lost. Only you could have found me. You found me, you caught me and I don't know how, or why. But all I know, in this life that's full of shit and nothing makes any sense, is that I'm wholly, irreversibly, completely, undeniably, permanently, totally, head-over-heels in love with you. And nothing in any world, anywhere, could ever, EVER, change my mind." "Jason Grace." She says quietly as she descends the stairs. She looks at him. He's broken, and so is she. He's lost and confused, but she's his map. And maybe he's the glue that can put them back together. "Piper." He replies. His voice is soft and affectionate. "Kiss me." She demands. He does and to them, it's like someone let out a bazillion pachinko balls at once. But hey, not like anyone else is watching. So he does it again. Author's Note: I hope you enjoyed my first story. It's obviously Jasper/Jiper from PJO/HOO. It's obviously an AU story, and the characters are a little OOC. I know I painted Reyna as a bit of a bad person, but honestly I love Reyna and only used her because she was the first character that popped into my head. This is a one-shot obviously, and nothing else will probably be posted for a while because I'm going to Japan. I hope you enjoy how I wish I could stand up and tell everyone to stop taking other people's shit. Yeah, Piper was kind of a bitch at the start, but that was kind of the point. She and Jason understood each other, and eventually they just cracked. With this world that we're in, it seems like a lot of people seem to crack. Really, just do your best, ignore what others say and stand up for yourself. Because as Rick Riordan, the owner of these amazing characters, wrote Piper McLean saying "Being a hero doesn't mean you're invincible. It just means you're brave enough to stand up and do what's needed". Truer words have never been spoken. Reason #5 billion why I love Rick Riordan. Anyhoo, thanks for reading. ~ don't forget to speak up ~ - the people speak