in before I can Say That Exact Sentence "Okay Uncle Per-Cy-Cy" Yeah, I know it's Stupid, but it's Cute, And Uncle Per-Cy-Cy Likes his new name "End, What's this?!" Percy sees a HUGE black-And-blue Bruise on her neck, And it's Swollen Pretty bad "Mama did that...With a Baseball bat…" "okay…. umm…..Who's good at healing besides Will that We trust…. Coach!" I pick up End, who has a Messy bun in her hair Courtesy of Percy, and Percy leads me to Coach Hedge And Mellie's Little Treehouse by the beach and I fly us three up and inside "Cupcakes! Why are you here? I'm no lo- who's the kid?" "This is End.. and We need you to heal Something" I hold End, who is Clutching my Camp Jupiter Shirt tightly He Nods "what is it?" "this Huge Bruise on her neck… From a Baseball Bat, her Moth- Abuser Did it to her." Percy's Eyes are Full of Protection as he Speaks, I guess He Sees a Bit of Annabeth in her, and he wants to keep her Safe, just like I See a bit of Piper in her personality "Yeah, Easy Fix" he walks over and Grabs a Bottle of thick looking Green Goop and applies a Thin layer on her bruise "all fixed. Now Cupcakes, i'll get back to my family now"Coach Shoves us out, clearly enjoying his new child I fly us down to the Poseidon Cabin. I set End on Percy's Bed, and Kiss her Forehead "Uncle Per-Cy-Cy?" "Yeah End?" "Why Is Your hair Black? Not blonde like Everyone Else's? Are you Nico's Brother?" Percy Laughs, because End has like, no filter at all "becase, my daddy, is Poseidon, not Hades like Nico, And The Reason Jason, Annabeth, and Will are Blonde is because their Parents are Blonde" Percy explains to her "oh…. Okay Uncle Per-Cy-Cy" I smile, "Daddy?" "yes End" "where's your Annabeth?" "Umm…..she…. Uh… Died…" End's Eyes Darken a Few Shades "oh…. So your Annabeth Died…. And Now You're Single?" "yes End" she smiles, and hugs me, but pulls back quickly the to pain "owie….." I pick her up again, and we walk back to my cabin, after waving Bye to Percy. where I set her down on my bed and tuck her in, and she instantly falls asleep, and I soon Join her, lying in Thalia's Bunk 4 hours later: I awake to Screaming "Daddy….. Daddy… Please" End Chokes out between Sobs, I get up and Run to her "shh, My darling, shhh, you're okay" She opens her eyes and Buries herself in my chest, still crying, i rub circles into her back, and we stay there until she calms down enough to breathe normally. "Jason!" Mason Bangs on my door "Come in Mason" "Prophecy…" he breathes out, and im Silent "ok um… i'll be there in a few" At the big house: We walk in, And Rachel is Sitting next to Chiron, "guys….. This is Bad.. the prophecy is About Her" Rachel points to End "ok Rach, what is it?" Her eyes glow Green as she Recites it again "As Long as the threat remains, Kronos' time will be the one to domain, The Camps Will Fall, The daughter must prevail, With help from the eight, A broken Oath Will be shown of might, And None but the Twins, Can help her win, With Athena's girls, And the Big Three's Boys, The Risen one, Will be the one, To make it Eight, Reborn with a Clean Slate, Till Death Does them Part." "Jason…. We know who the prophecy Specifies…. You, End, Liana, Annabeth, Percy, Bianca, Sophia, Allison, and Mason, you Nine MUST leave As soon as Possible, if Kronos is back-" End's Eyes Change to Gold "No! W-We Can't! She's W-Wrong" End Stutters out, "End. Kronos is bad. He HAS to be Killed again" End looks to the picture of Luke on the Wall, Because Chiron keeps a Wall of his Fallen Students "He… he Wanted me to be Happy…." "Darling, Luke Isn't Alive" "But he Protected Me Daddy! Lukie Kept me From Dying…. He Begged and Begged with Hades to keep me live… He Begged!" End is Shaking as her eyes return to normal "Luke Castellan protected you?" End nods… Crying "He Wasn't a Ghost Either! He Hades Let him be Alive again!" Just then, a Huge Crash Ensues outside, and none other than Luke Runs in the Door, panting and Rachel Says"he goes too. He knows Kronos Best" "Where's End. She has to be alive. I tried to hard to-" he spots her "End…" he walks over and Rests one hand on her cheek "Hi Lukie" Luke Smiles at her, him and End Share a Smile " you made it…..you always were my Feisty little Sister weren't you?" Luke looks about 17, 5 years younger than I am, "Hello Luke" I heard stories, and I Tighten my grip on End "I've heard about you from Annabeth" "ah, Annie, she's a Good kid" "She's Not a Kid Anymore. She's married" Luke's Eyes Sparkle "she'll always be a kid to me" Mason, Percy, Bianca, Ally Sophia and Liana, and Annabeth barge in, Annabeth asleep in Percy's Arms, Luke smiles and Percy blocks Annabeth's ears "You." he breathes out "Stay Away from her. Annie is NOT going to get hurt by you again. Neither will I" "Percy, i've changed, Kronos.. He. Corrupted me, i have a sister to care for," He Gestures to End "She can't Be YOUR sister" "Well she is. Hades Came Once to claim her For Death… I begged.. And kept her alive, until she could make it here, then i Came too" "Uncle Per-Cy-Cy?" "Yes End?" "why are you mad at Lukie?" "uh I'm not" Percy Shoots Luke a Death Glare "Darling, how about we go and Check up on your Wounds ok?" "Can Lukie come?" "Yes he can" "Lukie! C'mon!" End Smiles at Luke, Who has One Gold eye and One Blue one, Separated by the scar across his face