meant to. But he just sighs, heavily, and she catches the words he lets fall into the wind. He whispers, " I cannot do this alone." xxx They spend five days in a state of high excitement. Leo puts in at a port somewhere - honestly, she's lost track, but Nico said Thalia would meet them here - and the Argo II bobs up and down in the bay like an oversized yellow rubber duckie. Percy and Annabeth make it up to the main deck on their second day, their arms around each others' waists. It's not quite clear who is supporting the other. Annabeth is holding a dagger in her shaking hands. Percy has Riptide uncapped. Teeth gritted, they stagger and hobble their way to the railings and lean there, gazing at the seawater like they cannot believe their eyes. Percy raises a hand and holds it parallel to the water. It mimics him, rising in a great imprint of a hand and upsetting the balance of the ship. Leo, lying in a hammock in front of his control panel, tumbles out and thumps against the floorboards. "Hey!" he shouts, scrambling up. "What was-" he catches sight of the couple "-Percy!" And then Leo realizes that they're out of bed and calls, "Good to see you out and about!" But remembering, perhaps, what Percy did to Nico, he stays his distance. His expression speaks clearly even from where he stands, though, with worry and doubt creating a combination that Percy reads as should you be out of the sickbay? Percy flashes him a thumbs-up and turns back to the water, watching all manner of marine life come to the surface to see the son of Poseidon. Annabeth stands next to him, a smile playing on her lips as she watches her boyfriend. But they don't stand there long, instead retreating back to the shade and quiet of the decks below. Annabeth lingers longest, her eyes fixated on the blue sky. Percy waits patiently, and finally she turns back to him and they go down the stairs hand in hand. It was, Hazel reflects later, a good day for them. The next day, Jason receives an Iris-message from Thalia, saying that the Hunters would be delayed. There were reports of a monster or two harassing a nearby town; they would take care of it and be on their way. She watches Jason nod, wish his sister good luck. Jason grows more and more agitated, taking to striding across the deck and practicing by himself in the sparring rooms until Piper drags him back to his room to sleep. Thalia arrives on the fifth day with four other Hunters, waving to them from the docks. They are picked up promptly, and Hazel watches as they board. They look like teenage girls, these maidens of Artemis. They wear silver and grey and black, practical clothing, and they carry heavy packs with ease. Hazel has seen photos of this legendary daughter of Zeus. Thalia is tall, and carries herself regally. On her brow is set a shining silver circlet. Her hair is black and spiky, her eyes brilliant and piercing blue. But most impressive is how she commands her Hunters, with ease and authority. They fan out behind her and let her approach first. "Jason," she says, as if tasting his name on her lips. Jason rushes forward and embraces her, and she hugs him back fiercely. The Hunters behind her watch warily, skilled hands set on bows or daggers. Thalia pulls back after a short moment, though, her expression grim. "Where are they?" she asks. Jason shifts on his feet, looking uncomfortable, and says, "They're in the stables, I think. There's glass on the bottom, bay doors, and they spent a night there some time before they... fell." Thalia raises an eyebrow, imperious, and it is a very short moment before Jason realizes he's meant to lead the way. He heads down the stairs. Thalia follows, and the Hunters fall into line behind her. Hazel and the others on deck bring up the rear, all drawn to the Hunters despite themselves in curiousity. Nico is waiting outside the entrance to the stables. He looks up at their approach, and his mouth falls open at the sight of Thalia. It is not shock so much as seeing an old friend in the flesh again, and remembering all the things they have been through together. She is reminded suddenly, again, of all that Nico has experienced that she is not privy to, all he has done before meeting her. Thalia has frozen likewise, coming to a sudden stop. Her eyes run over Nico, and Hazel wonders what she is seeing and thinking. She comes forward, shaking her head as if to throw off memories that circle like flies, and grasps Nico's hand before pulling him into a hug. "It's been a long time," she says, the words muffled against Nico's shoulder. Nico does not reply, but Thalia does not seem to take offense. Instead she separates from him, and looks to the closed stable door. "They're in there?" she asks, quiet. Her face cracks a little, worry seeping through. Nico nods. Thalia looks at her Hunters before taking a deep breath and stripping off her weapons. Her bow and quiver of arrows are set gently against the wall, her pack beside it. She keeps a hunting knife and a Mace can - Hazel is a little confused by that one, she'll admit - and nods to them all. "My lady," pleads one of the Hunters suddenly, "are you sure you will go in alone?" Thalia's fierce expression softens somewhat, and she puts a reassuring hand on the Hunter's shoulder. "They won't hurt me," she says gently. She turns, and sets her hand on the doorknob. Jason strains forward as if seeing her enter the room is physically painful for him. Then she slips inside, the door closing with a gentle click, and is gone.