and Connor averted his eyes as the sheets dipped uncomfortably low on Percy's toned torso revealing much more of the patron than Connor ever wanted to see. "Well then," interrupted Leo, "You two enjoy your breakfast. Check-out is at 10:30, and if you need anything else just phone the concierge. Thank-you for choosing The Plaza," he said as he gathered up Connor and their cart and bustled him out of the room, intent on collecting his bet. Their breakfast had been demolished and Nico was eyeing some leftover strawberries and cream with a salacious grin when he remembered a certain surprise his green-eyed punk had promised him. "Hey Perce," he queried, "Whatever happened to my 'something sparkly'?" "Oh. Oh! I, um, close your eyes!" he yelped before jumping out of bed and rummaging about the pockets of his disheveled suit. Nico gave Percy a rather quizzical stare before complying with his hasty order. He jumped when Percy laid a hand on his shoulder to get his attention; he hadn't felt him crawl back in bed. "Nico...I, um," Percy began nervously while hiding something behind his back, "I—you know I love you, right?" he asked and didn't continue until Nico replied with a nod and a smile, "I wanted to get you something that showed how much I love you, but nothing was good enough...I must've gone to every damn store in the city...but then I finally realized what I wanted to get you...and...I... "Nico, will you marry me?" Percy gushed out as he revealed the little blue ring box he had hidden behind his back. Nico stared wide-eyed at the simple silver ring with a black diamond inlaid in the band, at his very naked boyfriend sporting at least a dozen hickeys, smeared eyeliner, mussed hair, and maple syrup on his chin, all the while sitting across from him on their sex-rumpled bed. And Nico thought he had never seen anything so wonderful. "Yes!" Nico practically shouted as he lunged at Percy, kissing him ferociously, "But this does NOT count as my proposal. I need a proper one," he stated firmly. "W-What?" Percy stuttered, overwhelmed, "Proper? But you said yes?" "Bello, I love you. I do, really. But you're naked, and filthy, and we're in bed, and what am I supposed to tell my Mamma and Bianca when they ask how we got engaged, hmm? 'Oh Mamma, it was so romantic, you see we were naked and in bed after a good fuck and then he proposed?' Absolutely not Perseus," he scolded, "Of course we're getting married, but after you give me a proposal I can tell my famiglia without giving my Mamma a heart attack, si?" "Si!" Percy grinned into a kiss, "Hey Nico, wanna go skating with me at Rockefeller Center? I hear it's super romantic..." Nico laughed, "It's a date." Nico was laughing and smiling and the center of attention as he showed off his ring inside the NYCB. Octavian glared at his fellow ballerino as he went through his warm-up routine. At least he didn't seem any worse-for-wear after his little weekend with that scoundrel, but that didn't excuse him causing such a ruckus during rehearsals. He was so annoyed that he didn't notice a certain ginger ballerina take a place beside him. "Who put a bee in your bonnet?" Rachel teased with a wide grin. Octavian responded with a snort and an eye roll, "Nico. He's got some nerve, disrupting rehearsals like that." "Oh, pshh. He just got engaged, indulge him a little. Percy proposed at Rockefeller Center. He bought Nico roses, took him skating, and put the ring on top of the whipped cream on Nico's cocoa—it was so romantic! Reyna and some of the other girls are gonna throw a surprise wedding shower for them, they want everyone to pitch in at least $10, then we can rent out a space, get a caterer, a band..." "Oh gods, he's going to marry that deviant!? If he were a woman I'd ask if he were pregnant. Really now, I can't stand the twerp, but even he could do better than th—OUCH! What was that for?" Octavian yelped as Rachel clipped the back of his head with her blue plastic hairbrush. "Will you hush? Percy is a good man, they're good together, and you will go to the shower and the wedding to support your fellow ballerino and you will maintain a pleasant attitude or so help me!" Rachel shouted at the gangly blonde who was cowering away from her while rubbing his sore head. "Fine, I'll go, but I am not contributing financially to this little farce of a shin-dig and they had better have an open bar!" Rachel glowered and slapped him again with her hairbrush, earning a rather loud yelp. "You're going, you're paying, AND you're buying them a gift from their registry." "Fine," Octavian glowered while rubbing his growing lump. "And don't be so bitchy, a little birdie told me that Percy's friends with Luke who's definitely invited to the wedding..." "Well," Octavian arrogantly quipped, perking up considerately at the mention of the handsome blonde, "At least I'll have decent company." Rachel hit him again with her infamous hairbrush. "Would you stop hitting me!" "Somebody has to." The End Author's Notes Please pardon my Italian; while I took it in middle school I apparently remember nothing. So here are some rough translations (If there's an error, let me know and I'll fix it :D ). Ballerino (Plural: Ballerini) ≡ the Italian term for a male ballet dancer. Cazzo ≡ Italian slang for "fuck." Testa di cazzo ≡ Italian for asshole/dickhead. Bello ≡ Italian for beautiful. Ti adoro ≡ Italian for, "I adore you." Stronzo pervertito ≡ This one roughly translates to "perverted asshole." Mizzica ≡ Italian slang for "Holy cow!" or "Wow!" Ti amo ≡ "I love you," in Italian. Italiani ≡ Italian for "Italians." Per favore ≡ Italian for "please." Famiglia ≡ Italian for "family." Si ≡ Italian for yes/yeah/yep.