when he uncaps it it turns into his sword. His cyclops brother also made him a shield that transforms into a watch that he wears at all times. Stuff like that." He explains. "Awesome... I like those ideas... Maybe I'll think of some for myself. Like, if I zip up my jacket, it turns into my armor." I tell him. "That... Is actually a good idea..." He admits. "Also, how do they transform? Surely it's not mechanical." I ask. "Oh no, the smiths in the Hephaestus cabin are pretty good with The Mist. The mist is what hides the mystical from the ordinary, that's how a pen is actually a sword. If you were to start flying around a mortal, they'd probably think you had a jet pack on or something." He tells me. "Come to think of it, your powers should give you a very strong control over The Mist. Here, imagine that my sword is say, a cellphone. Imagine that really hard." I watch as Nico pulls out his Stygian iron sword and holds it in front of me. I picture in my mind that he's just holding his cellphone, then I wave my hand and see that familiar haze come from my hand and envelope the sword. I see its shape start to waver, as if it were a hologram until all that was left in Nico's hand was a black flip phone. Certainly impressed with myself, I wave my hand again and disperse The Mist until Nico held his black sword once again. "I should try and remember that, it'll help if I come into contact with mortals." I tell him. "Usually you won't have to use The Mist, since the smiths put some pretty heavy layers on as they're forging weapons and armor out of an already magical substance called Celestial Bronze. That's what your current sword is made of, that's why it glows a bit in the dark." He explains. "So that's why it cuts so smooth." I tell him. "It's a magical metal." "Yup, you shouldn't worry about celestial bronze ever breaking or dulling much, since the magic in it makes it pretty hard to destroy once it's forged. Stygian iron on the other hand, well, let's just say it's made from the river Styx itself. One stab and a monster, or person's essence is literally ripped from their body... It's pretty fun to watch." He tells me. "It doesn't sound fun." I say. "It is for a child of the underworld. I'm more powerful around death, so I like it when stuff dies." He says. "Anyway, when will capture the flag be tomorrow, I want to practice a bit more." I ask. "It'll be later in the evening this time. I guess I get a bit of an unfair advantage though, so don't tell anyone." He says. "Maybe I'll call in a storm, that way I get a power boost also." "And Percy too, water makes him stronger." He tells me. "Oh yeah... Well, I'll make sure I'm on a team that has at least one of you on it." I say. "Anyway, see you tomorrow, I'm so tired I could drop dead at any minute." He tells me. "Unfair, that would probably make you stronger than ever." I say. "Ha, you might be right, but I don't really want to die today, so I'll see you tomorrow, maybe in battle, maybe as allies. Later." He says as he once again disappears into the shadows. I take a short walk around the cabins until I stop in front of cabin one, Zeus's cabin. The walls and columns were made of pure white stone that shone even in the dark. I can see high ceilings and hammocks hanging from the ceiling when I look in through one of the windows. "Don't get your hopes up, that one's almost always vacant." I hear from behind me. I turn and see Percy standing behind me with Annabeth beside him. "I just thought it looked nice..." I mumble. "Oh it does, Thalia let me in one time, it's even nicer than my cabin, but I still prefer mine, perfect view of the lake." He says. "Don't you get tired of lugging that sword around all day?" Annabeth asks. "No, not really. I may not look like it, but I'm pretty strong." I tell her. "Maybe, but with some brains you would have thought of getting a sheath." She replies. "Calm down Annabeth, the kid's new here, he's still getting used to the fact that he's a demigod, right kid?" He asks. "Yeah, and my name is Allan." I tell them. "Well, Allan, we're playing capture the flag tomorrow, so you'd probably get some rest. Any idea who's team you want to be on?" He asks. "Hopefully the one that has a child of the Big Three on it." I say even though I know that whatever side I choose to enter will obviously have a child of the Big Three on it. "Well, power isn't everything, you need to balance power with strategy." Annabeth tells me. "And I have a strategy. Go in, get the flag, get out." I reply. "If only it were that easy. Well, goodnight Allan." Percy tells me before giving Annabeth a quick kiss and going into the cabin to the immediate right of Zeus's. I watch as Annabeth crosses the field and enters an intricately constructed cabin on the far side. Campers from all over the place start to file into their cabins to get a good nights rest before duking it out tomorrow for capture the flag. I walk over to the Hermes cabin with an extravagant idea brewing in my mind. What if the only children of Zeus, Poseidon and Hades were able to hold off the entire rest of the camp and still come out victorious? Maybe that's how I'll show everyone who I am. I'd come in with a bang... Yeah... That'll be fun... That'll be fun...