nodded as she recognized what Reyna was implying. "I live to serve the Empire." Haley said with a bow as Reyna moved out of her way as she ventured outside the barracks. Haley took less than five steps before a nearby shadow stretched and warped as they took the form of an undead war horse with a mane of pale, green fire. Haley leaped atop the steed's back as she drew her sword with a SHING! "Ride Deploro, we've a Praetor to find." she exclaimed as she thrust her sword forward as her horse reared and uttered a spectral whinny before turning and disappearing into the shadow of the barracks... Somewhere near the Grand Canyon... "Thank you for carrying us this far, Actaeon. We will not forget this." Roy said as he dismounted the stag with Ratonhnhaké:ton. They had stopped on the outskirts of the museum parking lot. The stag lowered it's head like it was bowing before turning and wordlessly galloping off into the distance. "Roy, I don't like the look of that storm." Ratonhnhaké:ton said as he pointed to the huge bank of storm clouds gathering over the museum. The cloud were black as night except for the flashes of lightning inside them. Ratonhnhaké:ton pulled his pack off his shoulders as he moved to grab his binoculars before Roy cut in, "I like the looks of that little skirmish going on the skywalk even less." Roy said as he pointed towards the skywalk in the distance, where seven figures stood, one holding a golden sword in hand, another armed with a club, and at least three were clearly not human. Ratonhnhaké:ton fished the binoculars out of his back before peering through the lenses towards the skywalk. "Storm spirits by the look of it, which means the others are probably Spirit-touched like us. Definitely the case for the dude with the gold sword... and only one shoe." he finished as he put the binoculars down. "What?! Gimme those!" Roy cried as he snatched the binoculars from his brother. Sure enough, the blonde boy with the sword had only one shoe on. Roy got a sinking feeling in his stomach that instantly vanished as he caught sight of the target of one of the storm spirits. She was a young girl of about sixteen with choppy, uneven, chocolate-brown hair with braids on the side, and Roy would bet his life she had some form of Native American blood in her judging by her tan skin and attractive features. Roy, true to form, forgot all about the dangerous spirits on the skywalk as his lower head started to think for him, as it always did when he saw a pretty girl. "Dude, we gotta help them!" "How do you propose we get there in time? Roy, even you aren't a hundred percent accurate at this range and their wind powers will probably throw off your aim anyways." his brother replied,but Roy was already one step a head of him as he tapped him once on the shoulder and pointed across the parking lot. "Roy no, we can't." Ratonhnhaké:ton replied as he realized what Roy was implying. "Dude c'mon, it's the Obama administration. Yes we can!" Roy said before he took off across the parking lot. Ratonhnhaké:ton heaved a sigh before lumbering after him... Meanwhile, on the skywalk... Jason rolled under the venti's electrified swing as he rolled behind him before thrusting the gold sword into his opponent's back. The venti dissolved into a pile of gold powder as the sword pierced his back. Before he could formulate a plan of attack against the other two he heard Piper cry out, "JASON, BEHIND YOU! LOOK OUT! she screamed as he turned to see a pair of headlights and the sound of a car horn honking as the vehicle crashed into the doors to the skywalk with a crash as he just narrowly leapt out of the way of the oncoming vehicle before crashing through the door with the screech of brakes and sound of glass shattering as the SUV spun around, sending the vehicle through the locked doors trunk-first. The vehicle continued to slide, brakes screeching, for ten feet before coming to a stop as all eyes fixed on the sudden new arrival. Jason heard the trunk unlock as it slowly opened to reveal a boy of sixteen of Italian descent with dark, auburn hair in gray jeans and a red shirt. "WAIT!" the boy said as he threw up his hands. "You may be wondering 'why the red shirt?'." The boy said, apparently oblivious to the fact he'd just crashed through a magically locked door in a black SUV before continuing, "Well, that's so monsters can't see me bleed. This guys got the right idea, he wore the brown pants" he said as he pointed a finger towards Dylan as all eyes glanced towards Dylan, In the split second everyone was distracted by his ruse, Roy's belt sprouted a a pair of sheathes holding glowing silver hunting knives before whipping one out and hurling it towards the other storm spirit. The blade whistled as it turned end over end as it sailed through the air before burying itself ten inches inside the storm spirit's chest as the spirit disintegrated into a pile of gold dust. Without wasting any time Roy turned around and grabbed his bow from the floor behind him, an arrow already knocked as he inhaled before pulling the arrow back and taking aim to see the last storm spirit had already disappeared. Roy slowly let the bowstring out before he grabbed his quiver from the back seat and slung it over his shoulder and replaced the arrow in the quiver before he hopped out the back as he heard Ratonhnhaké:ton get out of the driver's seat and closed the door. "You! Boy with one shoe!" he said as he hit the pavement before slinging his bow over his shoulder as he advanced on Jason, "We need to talk."