Maybe it was time to live his life, just like Bianca would want him to. Nico was, of course, forced out of his thoughts by his eager cousins, their eyes gleaming with excitement. Who is he? Is he hot? What does he look like? Nico decided that he did need some advice from someone and it might as well be them, be told them the whole story. He started from the time he bumped him Will, told them about their various run-ins, about how they gradually started getting along, how they started hanging out, about how he was indeed very hot and about his Nico started to trust him, telling him about himself, opening up to him and of course the whole fiasco at the courtyard. After he was done, Nico received a punch on the arm from Thalia and two face-palms from his other two cousins, all of them muttering about how he was the biggest idiot they knew and also about he better fix it tomorrow at school because Will sounded like a Nico boy. They also instructed that once they started dating—which according to them would be very, very soon—Nico was to invite him over for dinner just to make sure he was the perfect boy for their 'little Neeks'. And now, here he was, curled up on the couch, under three blankets and one of Jason's old hoodies, which was really huge on him, channel surfing, trying to find something that was not chick-flicky or very cartoony because Nico Di Angelo was to man and to old for them. The doorbell rang and Nico groaned miserably, yelling for Percy to get the door. "NicoNicoNicoNicoNico—" "What?" He grumbled in annoyance. He could practically picture Percy jumping up and down in excitement as he called Nico's name. "It is for youuu" he said in a sing song voice. Nico sighed in annoyance and got up from the warm couch, cursing Percy's very existence. Then he froze when he saw who it was at the door. He was do busy taking in the sight of a very sick, but still gorgeous Will Solace to even notice Percy slip away quietly only to return with Thalia and Jason. The three of them just stood around the corner, trying not to make to much noise as they eavesdropped on their youngest cousin. "...Will..." Nico looked down, unable to meet Will's eyes. "Look Nico. I don't know what happened a few hours ago, but just came hear to tell you that I am very very sorry about whatever you think I did. I am just very confused as to why the events at the courtyard actually took place, but honestly—" "Will" He stopped and looked up, his clear blue eyes meeting Nico's dark orbs. "You're rambling." "Oh, right, sorry. But what I really wanted to ask was, what actually happened?" Nico cleared his throat. "Nothing. I just—" "Nico. Just tell me" he sounded tired. "I just. . ." Nico told him everything he overheard and with very word that came out of his mouth, Will seemed to become angrier. He had a right to be angry though. This was all Nico's fault. "Those filthy, annoying, spoilt—" Nico started at Will is shock. He had never heard Will curse before. He had act silly never seen Will really angry before today. "—I am going to —" "Will!" He stopped. "You're rambling again." He smiled slightly as Will blushed again. "Right, right. Anyway, another thing I wanted to talk to you about was . . . well, was about . . . something that you said . . . about you being in. . . you falling in. . . I mean I feel the same. . . like—" This time it was Nico who interrupted Will with a kiss. It was like there were fireworks going off in his stomach and all Nico could think about was the warmth of Will's lips on his own. It was only when the finally broke the kiss did Nico realise that Will must have been freezing. Before he could invite him in, Will kissed him again, a slight peck on the lips, but it still sent a wave of warmth from the point their lips met, throughout his body. "Nico, I just wanted to say—" "Shut up Solace. We'll talk later. Right now you need to come in and change into some warm clothes and have some of Percy's hot chocolate." He said, pulling him inside. Nico knew that they had a lot to talk of about, a lot to deal with, but for the moment, right now, he was the happiest he had ever been since his sister died and that was more than enough. They were Nico and Will and they could make it through anything, together. "Wait a minute! Hold on. Who gave Nico permission to date before he was thirty one?" Percy whispered as he watched drag a very flustered Will Solace into his bedroom. Percy could hear Nico laugh aloud at something and smiled. Maybe things would be fine after all. Helloooooo all you pretty people! I know, I know, I should probably update my multi-chapter stories, but I am completely blocked and I started writing this and honestly I had no idea where I was going with it when I started and I am not that satisfied with it but I really wanted to finish it and stuff. So yeah xD For the record, this was written at like 2am, so if there are any errors please let me know! Oh and LEAVE A REVIEW, TELL ME WHAT YOU THOUGHT ABOUT THIS EXTREMELY LONG ONE-SHOT (I hope it isn't to long and boring and stuff) AND FAVOURITE AND STUFF YOU PRETTY PERSON CAUSE I LOVE YOU AND SANTA WILL GIVE YOU WILL SOLACE FOR YOUR NEXT CHRISTMAS. I love you guys :') Until next time munchkins! ThaliaElizabethChase out! *does the really cool snappy things Mrs. Wong does in The Thundermans*