you guys doing here?" I asked "We want to give you some advice" Grover said "Ok, shoot" I said "Percy, you are in love, and don't deny it! You can't give up on her like that!" Silena said "You have to stop her" Thalia added "I can't" I said "Yes you can, Perseus" Athena said from behind me I turned around arms crossed under my chest "Why do you care?" I snapped back "I'm sorry Perseus. I just wanted to do my daughter's good" "Really? It was hard to notice!" "I know. You are the only one my daughter wants beside her, and I want her to be happy" "So you don't want me to disappear? To get out of Annabeth's life? To be turned into dust? To go back to be a sea spawn? To go to the deepest part of the sea and never come back?" "You said that to him!" everyone said in chorus "No, I really don't. And I'm sorry I said you those things" "And now you expect me to forgive you like that? So your conscience will be clean again?" "No, I don't expect either of you to forgive me. I just want to repair the damage I've done" "Then repair it!" "I can't Perseus, but you can" and she disappeared Annabeth's POV: I had just arrived to the airport. My plane would be here in an hour. I went to the check-in and got my ticket "Are you gonna be okay without us?" dad asked "Don't worry, Athena got me a housekeeper. I'll be fine" I said. I was really sad. I couldn't believe this was happening. I hugged my parents and went to the gate. Percy's POV: "You have to go to the airport in time and stop her" Poseidon said. "I will never make it in time. The airport is half an hour from here" I said with my car keys in my hands. "In how much time will Annabeth leave?" mom asked. I looked at my watch "She'll leave in an hour" I answered. Thalia raised an eyebrow "She'll leave in a hou-" she scratched her temple "Oh, for Zeus' sake! What are you waiting for, a freaking godly sign? GO!" she said. I didn't think about it twice and went straight to the car "Go Romeo! Go get your Juliet! This is so romantic! I think I could cry!" I heard Silena say, but in no time I was already on the streets. Annabeth's POV: I was going to the metal detector. I wasn't really looking for the gate; I also bumped in a couple of people. I passed through the metal detector and headed for the gate. When I arrived I sat down and waited for my plane. Percy's POV: I arrived to the airport and ran to Annabeth's gate. I went to the check-in and went to the front of the line "One ticket to San Francisco, please!" I said "Hey kid! There's a line!" the stuart said "Sorry, but this is an emergency!" I said back "I don't care, respect the line!" he said "Listen, have you ever done something crazy for love? There is a girl that is about to leave because her mother didn't like me, so please, give me a ticket, this is an emergency!" I begged "Ok kid. Just this once" he said handing me a ticket "Thank you! A thousand times thank you!" I thanked running to the gate. Annabeth's POV: I was still waiting at the gate. "The plane for San Francisco is about to take off. Please all passengers head to the gate A17"a hostess said through the loudspeakers. I sighed. It was time to go. Aphrodite was wrong, and at the thought a tear ran down my cheek. I quickly whipped it off and stood up to get in line. I had faith in Percy, but now it would be too late, my faith in him was fading. I was about to give my ticket "Annabeth!" I heard someone call. I turned around "Annabeth! Annabeth, where are you!" I saw a tall guy with jet-black hair and shiny blue eyes. "Percy?" I said "Wise Girl! Wait! Don't go!" he yelled running to me "Wait! Wohoo!"And he tripped his feet as he ran past a man who was running his way. I ran to him as he was getting up and ran to me. We both stopped as we were in front of each other. "What are you doing here?" I said "Stopping you from your mother's biggest mistake" he said "You shouldn't have come here. Athena will blast you" "She won't you'll see" "What makes you so sure about it?" "Athena understood she was wrong. She understood that before you came to Goode, I never spent this much time with anyone, because I felt like I didn't belong here. You saw me hit someone and you still stayed beside me because you saw right through me, and saw that that's not who I am, and brought back the real me again. Before you came in my life, I've never loved anyone, now I do. What about you?" I felt a great emotion as he said that and felt my serious face grow in a smile "Do you?" he repeated "Yeah" (I know what you think. I can be very cheesy sometimes) He smiled and stepped closer gently placing his left hand on the side of my face. "You came" I said happily Percy gave me a smile and kissed me. As I closed my eyes, I felt fireworks. As we pulled away, Percy kissed me again but we heard some cheers and we quickly pulled away. Thalia, Grover and Silena were there "You have a habit of interrupting people while they kiss, don't you?" Percy said. Thalia smiled "You'll get used to it" she said smiling "And there wasn't a greatest love story like the one of Annabeth and her Percy" Silena said with a smile. The End!