past the adult at the door and into the hallway. Grover at the lead, Ivan behind him, and me, taking up the rear. "Ivan!" a girl's voice rang through the hall. We all stopped and turned to look. I almost pulled my bow and arrow, but managed to restrain myself. It was his friends. I'd completely forgotten about them. Of course they'd think it suspicious that two strangers show up and pull their friend away from them. "Family emergency, I've got to get going!" Ivan explained as we backed up toward a crossroads in the hallway. His friends followed. I backed up to stand next to Ivan. "Get rid of them, they could get hurt. We don't have much time." I told him quietly. "I'll explain everything tomorrow—" I grabbed his wrist. He looked at me as I looked at him. I shook my head. I saw his chest rise as he inhaled sharply. Blinking rapidly, he turned to face his friends again. "I'll…I'll explain everything later, okay. I-I really have to go. It's pretty serious. Go back in. Enjoy the rest of the night!" Ivan gave them an easy smile and I was impressed he was able, seeing as this was all new to him, and he was probably terrified out of his mind right now. His friends looked unsure, but they reluctantly started to make their way back inside. The girl, the one who'd called his name loitered. "Really, enjoy the night. I'll update you as soon as I can. I promise," Ivan said, his smile dropping. I had to wonder what his connection to the girl was. Best friend? Partner? "…okay," she said. "I hope your family is all right. Good night, Ivan." "Good night, Violet," Ivan responded. Once Violet had turned away from us, we spun and started running again. We had only made it down one hallway when the baying of hellhounds echoed through the halls. My heart skipped a few beats before jumping into my throat. I readied my bow and an arrow, gripping them tightly and swallowing down the panic that threatened to engulf me. My mom had been killed by a hellhound, ripped open and left to bleed out. I had been there, watched it happen, helpless. When it had finished with my mom, it had attacked me, leaving large, jagged scars on the back of my left arm and across my whole left shoulder. "We have to move faster." I tried not to sound desperate or gasp. Ivan was looking to us for calm, so I had to stay calm. How had the monsters known to show up here? Was someone informing them? How else could they have known? My blood ran cold. Did that mean there was another spy at camp? I nearly stumbled. "Hey, you okay?" Grover asked, looking over at me with concerned eyes. I gripped my bow and arrow even harder. "I'm fine." I took a deep breath and swallowed hard. No, I couldn't afford to think like that. At least, not think about it now. I needed to focus, because I needed to get this demigod back to camp alive . As we passed through a hallway, I thought I heard the sounds of claws on linoleum floors, howling of hellhounds as they closed in. "Ivan, change of plan, lead us around in circles and then find a place we can hide," I explained. Ivan looked over at me like I was crazy. "What?" "I'm with him," Grover chimed in. "Take a left," Ivan instructed. "The hellhounds are going to sniff us out, surround us," I explained as we ran. "They've probably got a group that'll sneak up behind us. We have to lead them on a goose chase. When we hide, I can pick the monsters that come by who are following our scent." "I don't understand, why all these monsters?" Ivan questioned, sounding a bit winded. "Did I do something I don't know? Go right." I shook my head, trying not to feel guilty. Ivan was going to make it out of this. "It's not your fault." I said, maybe a little too quietly. Ivan didn't say more other than instructions. Finally, when Grover said we should be good, at least long enough to take out some of the monsters, we broke into a classroom and hid. Grover and Ivan went further into the room, behind me. I stayed at the door, keeping it open enough I could see into the hall and fit an arrow through it. After an indiscriminate amount of time, "How…how long are we going to be in here?" Ivan asked in a whisper. "Shh," I scolded as I raised my bow and arrow. A hellhound was sniffing around the area. I just needed a good headshot. It continued sniffing the air, slowly edging forward, past our door. Just a few more steps…gotcha! I pulled my arrow back. The sound of the string being pulled taught alerted the demon dog and it turned its head, red eyes meeting my brown ones. The hellhound pulled its lips back, a snarl building in its chest. I let my arrow fly. All right, all right! There you have it! First chapter down! And just like last time, I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing. (Okay, so maybe not… completely true. I know where this is going, I just don't know how to get there while divulging the information I want to at the same time. I've been seriously struggling. Anyway—) I'm on summer break right now, so updates shouldn't be weeks or months at a time. I am working full-time, however, but, we'll see, if I can organize my ideas well enough that I may be able to start a posting schedule. (Because I have SO. MANY. IDEAS. And I cannot wait until you read them!) Besides which, it adds an element of surprise! So, I hope ya'll join me in the next chapter of Tori's life! Thank you for reading, TheBrightestNight