make sure to be there for them like he should have for Luke. "Don't dwell in the past, Jason. You've come back here to make things right." "I came back because of my evil stepmother." "I just mean that you should enjoy your time here at camp. Go hang out with your new friends. Have some fun. See if home is here." "Alright," he said getting up. "You know, if you don't have a girl at home, you should talk to Piper more." He rolled his eyes, but his face felt hot. "Are you seriously trying to give me advice to get a girlfriend?" She shrugged. "Maybe." He laughed and said goodbye. He left Thalia's pine thinking about his promise to bring Thalia back. She was alive for years and he didn't even know it. This time he had a different promise for her. That he was going to do things differently. He wasn't going to run away anymore. He was going to find a place to run to. Maybe it was Camp Half-Blood. He waited eagerly on the Argo II as it sailed through the sky. Meeting the Romans was not going to be an easy task. Making new friends in general was always so hard. There was a lack of trust that always awaited both sides of the party. The only intentions you know are your own. When Jason and Thalia were wandering the street alone, they came across a monster and were almost killed. Fortunately, another demigod protected them. Jason, only five years old, instantly liked the guy. Thalia was skeptical. "Thanks," She muttered. "No problem. What are you guys doing out here alone?" he asked. "Running away," Jason said. "You brought your five year old brother with you?" "You don't know what we've had to get away from, okay? So thanks for the help but leave us alone." "Jeez," he said raising his hands. "I get it. I could help you, you know. You seem pretty tired. Plus, I ran away too. People like us should stick together." "Yes!" Jason agreed. "No." "I'm liking this kid here," the boy said. "Come on, just one night. And if you hate me, I'll leave." "Fine, but be prepared to leave in the morning." The funny thing was that was the first time Thalia had laughed with another human besides Jason. There was something special between Thalia and Luke that Jason could never figure out. It was a shame it never lasted. Jason mourned over his friend Leo after the war with the giants. He had died protecting the world and there was nothing he could have done to change that. He was left with the guilt. It was like losing his sister all over again. Only, this time, Leo wasn't coming back. He wondered what would have happened if Thalia hadn't have saved him from Lupa and Juno. Would he be doomed to live at Camp Jupiter his whole life? Would he ever have made it to the quest of the seven to begin with? Maybe he would have died and Leo would still be alive. Funny, how one decision could affect a life. Thalia had chose to save him and he spent his whole life running away and trying to find a place to call home. He thought he found a home at Camp Half Blood, but without Leo it seemed empty. He found himself back at Thalia's Pine. He sat next to it and said, "I know, I know, you're alive so I'm talking to a tree, but it's therapeutic." The tree said nothing. "I miss Leo," he said. "I wish there was something I could do to bring him back. I guess I have a hard time bringing back the people I care about. I could go to the underworld. Percy and Annabeth survived once so maybe I could." "That's a really dumb idea." He moved away from the tree. Did it just talk? "It's me, Sparky. Over here." He blinked and to his left he saw his girlfriend. She was smiling at him. She hadn't smiled since Leo had died. Had talking to a tree made her that amused? She sat beside him. "What are you doing?" He glanced at the tree. "Uh, well, when I younger I would come here and talk. Sounds crazy but it was helpful. I figured that if I vented to a tree then maybe it would help with Leo being gone." "Should I leave you to your monologue with Thalia's Pine?" "No, it's nice to have a real person rather than a tree," he smiled. "If it didn't respond, I'd probably end up doing something stupid." "Like going to the underworld." "It crossed my mind." "Me too," she admitted. "Annabeth already told me it's a bad idea." "Maybe he's still out there." "Maybe, but for now, we'll just have to move forward. He probably wouldn't want us to be moping around." "To be honest, that's all I want to do." "There was nothing we could do," Piper said. "We all make our choices. He made his and together we stopped Gaea. He knew the price and was willing to pay even if it cost our happiness as well." He held her hand as they watched the demigods of Camp Half Blood. Pegasi were flying through the air while campers were celebrating. They were happy for a victory. Jason was sad for what he lost. But he felt like he should be down there with his friends. Leo would be throwing a great party if he were alive. He wouldn't want his friends to miss out on a celebration. "You want to head down to the never ending party?" She asked. "Take your mind off of everything?" He smiled. "Yeah, it'll be fun. Let's go." Together they left Thalia's Pine for a future that Jason was hoping for. One filled with happiness and no regret. A future with a home. He looked at Piper. Maybe he had found it.