front of her for making her put him through more pain, "Fine." "I needed someone who was there, Percy! You were always so busy at camp with quests and missions and helping everyone! You hardly had time to sit and watch a movie with me or eat, or do anything! I wanted a boyfriend, not a roommate! Someone who could be possessive and passionate, who'd push me up the wall and make me feel desired. For gods sake Percy we haven't had sex in a month! And you don't seem to be affected by it at all! I'm sorry, but I have needs, and you weren't even interested in filling them!" He had let go of her when she began speaking, but was still a foot away. He leaned back on his leg, putting another few inches between them, and crossed his arms to his chest. "Let me get this straight," Percy began, incredulity coloring his words. "You cheated on me because I refused to be a pig? Because I'm not a disrespectful horndog, always pawing at your waistband? No wait, that can't be right, because One: if you really knew me at all, you'd remember that I grew up with a scumbag who treated women - my mother - like trash, and understand that I'd never want to be like him in any way. "And Two, you're Annabeth Chase! Annabeth, you are one of the most independent women on the planet, had I even tried any of those things, you would have bit my head off! Or at least, you gave the impression that was what you'd do. Don't make me out to be the bad guy because I never took advantage of you! I was letting you decide the where the boundaries where, thinking I was chivalrous, or maybe, I don't know, a decent human being. " Percy was getting fired up again, but instead of a startled rage, this was a thoughtful, disbelieving fury. This was logic meets anger, the tone of anyone who was arguing a debate, and knew they would win. He verbally advanced on her quickly. "You had me in the palm of your hand! If you wanted me home more, you should've told me, I would've made it happen! I've fallen into hell for you, held the sky for you, I think I would've found a way to shift my schedule, had you asked!" He was looking at them in disgust, "Out of all the people that I thought would cheat, you two were never on my list. Jason, I can't believe you would do this, to anyone, much less one of your friends! Hades, you have a girlfriend, you fucking prick! I bet she doesn't even have a clue, does she? Judging from your face right now I'd say not. How did this even happen, anyway? You two just decide that since Piper wasn't scratching Jason's itch at 16 and I wasn't tossing Annabeth around every day, you'd screw each other?! Un fucking believable. I'm right again!" It was true, the guilty, shifty faces on the blondes told him all he needed to know. "You two aren't worth my time. I'm done with you," Percy growled, blinking back the tears in his eyes. It was really over. "Annabeth, I'm moving out. You can keep the apartment, you can keep everything. I just want my clothes. In case it hasn't been made clear, we're through. Jason, the only reason I'm not beating the shit out of you right now is because I have to go tell Piper about what a douchebag she's been dating. Consider yourself lucky." At this, Jason jumped up quickly, his hands flailing about in a halting/pacifying motion. "No! Don't tell Piper! Plea-" the blond boy frantically pleaded, but was interrupted by Percy's powerful right hook to his jaw. The son of Jupiter saw stars and was sure the loud crack meant the bone was broken. Annabeth gasped at the aggressive display, and when Percy said "out", Jason sprinted out of the bedroom, fumbling with the doorknob with one hand while the other cradled his face. A second later the loud slam of the front door resounded through the small apartment. The true gravity of the situation hit her full force when she saw Percy grab his shirts, pants, socks, and boxers, and begin stuffing them into his backpack. She began to sob, knowing that there was no way she could change his mind. He heard her, and paused in his motions, looking up at her with glassy green eyes. "Stop. You don't get to cry. You weren't cheated on. You get to keep the house and everything in it. I'm the one who was screwed over," he told her matter-of-factly, detached and firm, "No." he shook his head, "You don't get to cry." It only made her cry harder, but he didn't care. Not anymore. When he had all of his clothes magically stuffed into the backpack, he turned to her pitiful form on the bed. "Goodbye, Annabeth. Have a nice life, but don't keep me in it. I'm not your Seaweed Brain, and you're not my Wise Girl," Percy said coldly, barely holding himself together as the reality of the moment crashed over him like a wave, relentless and impossible to hold back. He slammed the front door shut and ran down to his Jeep Wrangler, letting the tears go as he was now out of her sight. They blurred his vision and stung his eyes, but he couldn't contain them. As soon as he was in the sheltered safety of his car, he broke down. He wept and sobbed, exhaustion again hitting him. But no. There wasn't time for that. He'd already wasted three years with Annabeth, he couldn't waste another second on her. Not when somewhere, there was an innocent daughter of Aphrodite that had no clue what a scumbag her boyfriend was, and what a whore her best friend was. Percy had work to do.