the tables on the situation and pinned his delicious little sea siren to the small bed and kissed him 'til he was breathless. It was a morning well spent. The rest of the month passed with secret dates and stolen kisses. Nico and Percy were attached at the hip, both fully smitten with the other. Percy invited Nico to his family's Friday night dinners and Nico had dragged Percy to breakfast one morning with his family to introduce him formally to his dad. Overall, it had shaped up to be Nico's favorite summer. But as the days ticked on towards the Di Angelo's departure Percy grew anxious and tried to distance himself from Nico. Nico was fed up after trying for days to see Percy with no success. It was his last day in East Hampton and Percy had ignored all his texts, calls, and even his e-mails. After his little stowaway incident Poseidon was none too thrilled to help Nico track Percy down so he enlisted the help of Bianca and Annabeth and was eventually able to track his boyfriend down at Poseidon's Palace. Nico managed to corner Percy around the back of the restaurant while he was taking out the trash. He grabbed his arm and, with a great yelp of surprise from Percy, pinned him to the wall. "N-Nico! Wh-what are you-" spluttered Percy while trying to distract Nico with kisses. Nico, growling with irritation, pulled back just far enough to avoid Percy's lips and snapped at his boyfriend, "Stop trying to distract me! Why have you been ignoring me?" "I-I haven't been-" "Yes you have! You won't answer any of my texts or calls and when I saw you at the marina you ran away from me! I know you heard me! Now, I want the truth. Why have you been ignoring me?" "I…" "The truth, Percy," sighed Nico with a pained look on his face. Percy bit his lip and looked away from Nico with tearful eyes, "I-I-I," he swallowed and tried to compose himself, "I knew you were going to-to dump me so I-I hid. I didn't want to—I couldn't stand it if—you're just gonna leave me like Luke did!" Percy struggled out as he choked back a sob. Nico's expression immediately softened and he took Percy's chin in his hand to force the older boy to look at him, "Percy, I'm not Luke…I'm leaving the Hamptons, but I'm not leaving you." "Th-that's the s-same thing! Y-you're gonna leave and forget all about me!" he cried. "Never, how could anyone forget about you? I love you Percy. I'm not just going to-" "That's wh-what L-Luke said and I never-never saw him again. H-He's married now. He forgot about me a-and so will you." "Never," Nico whispered into Percy's ear, "I love you Percy, you're a part of me now and I couldn't forget you anymore than I could forget myself. Luke's the greatest idiot there ever was for leaving someone as wonderful as you behind," he soothed the shaking boy in his arms. "B-but…" "Shush, no buts. It's not gonna happen mio bel ragazzo. I love you. I have to go back Perce; it's my last year at NYU, I can't just drop out now. Moreover, I was planning on a naked you after graduation as extra motivation to study," Nico paused to chuckle at the embarrassed look on Percy's face, "Did you know that NYU is only two hours away? That's nothing really. I'll requisition Jason's car and visit you every weekend and I'll call you every day and I'll visit you for every break," Nico peppered his Percy with kisses as he whispered his reassurances, "Besides, I hear they say absence makes the heart grow fonder, so really, you have nothing to worry about." "You can talk all you want but-" Percy paused as Nico stepped away from him with a serious expression and took off his ring. His silver skull ring, the ring his mom gave his dad, and his dad gave to him. Nico loved that ring and now he was slipping it on Percy's right hand. After the ring was on his middle finger Percy watched as Nico grabbed his wallet and pulled out an old tattered photo of a little boy with curly black hair clinging to a beautiful woman who must surely be his mother and pressed it into his hand. "The ring is my most prized possession, that photo…is the only one I have of my mother. I'm coming back for them, and for you. I promise. I love you Percy." "I love you too Nico; I'll take good care of them, I promise," Percy hoarsely whispered while wiping away tears, "I-I'm sorry for doubting you. You're nothing like Luke…I'm sorry. I love you so much." "I love you, and I'll never forget you. You're my summer love," Nico whispered against Percy's lips before sealing them in a tender kiss. They stayed behind the restaurant kissing and whispering romantic, nonsensical things to each other until the manager, an ass named Triton, came searching for his missing employee. Nico and Percy reluctantly let go of each other and went their separate ways, but not before several passionate "see you later" kisses and promises from Nico to text when he reached NYU. Nico ended up calling Percy twelve times by the time he reached school, and another eight times as he settled into his dorm, and another four times to introduce him to his friends, and six times after that for good night wishes and bed time kisses, and, well, Nico never stopped calling Percy. Ψ The End Decky is slang for deckhand. Backstays are long lines or cables, reaching from the stern of the vessel to the mast heads, used to support the mast. A Baggywrinkle is a soft covering for cables that prevents sail chafing from occurring. A Sloop is a small, one-mast, two-sailed sailing boat. Bel Ragazzo means beautiful boy in Italian, Arrivederci is goodbye.