mortal woman. "We have a problem." Kallisto began, "Apollo is here with grim news." Artemis stood, grunting as her joints clicked. She and her lieutenant walked over to the sun god. "What news do you bring, Apollo?" Artemis asked. "Well, I have been keeping many tabs on the mortal world for a while." Apollo begun. "And it seems that Orion has raped a maiden up in Asia Minor. In your temple, to be precise." Artemis' silver eyes widened. No wonder she felt strange a few days. And stranger than her pregnancy. "Where is he now?" The goddess asked. She was dying to torture her ex-friend to a fate worse than death, and then send him to an eternity in oblivion. "I am not sure. But, I have heard whispers that he has gone insane. Gaea is also growing weary of him. She may kill him... I am not all too sure." The sun god answered. He was itching to rip the son of Poseidon apart. Poseidon was awesome - but Orion was every negative flaw of every male. Orion was conniving, sly, sadistic and intelligent: Everything to know how to piss of anyone ; Especially Artemis and Apollo. But what Apollo didn't mention, was that Orion had also gone on a killing spree of a lot of creatures: From bears and deer to bumblebees and other little critters. He even gutted a worm before shredding it apart. Artemis turned to her hunters and barked out a few orders. "Pack up! We have a lead on our man-hunt!" Her attention then turned back to her twin brother, Apollo. "When was the crime committed?" She inquired. "A few nights ago. So I suggest you hurry. I'm even willing to take you all there via my sun chariot." Apollo offered. "And how do you plan to do that?" The moon goddess arched her eyebrow, challenging the sun god. "It's not too hard. To make things easier, we could just flash over to there. I doubt the Hunters could all come, however..." Apollo's voice wavered slightly, doubting that even any member of the Hunt could join him and Artemis. "Milady." A hunter came running over to Artemis and Apollo. "Father." She greeted the two. "We have finished packing. When do we leave?" The huntress had light freckles on her nose, and had long, curly ginger hair. Her build, however, was fairly big and beefy. Her eyes were an icy, calculating blue; being on the receiving end of a glare from those eyes would possibly be as bad as meeting eyes with Medusa. In other words, the result wouldn't be good. "Phoebe." Apollo gave her a small, weak smile. He loved all of his children, even though he had quite a few . He was glad that she was alive and well. "Phoebe, could you tell all of the Hunters to gather around? We need to travel quickly." The impregnated goddess requested. "Sure thing, Lady Artemis." Phoebe ran off to fulfil her mistress' demand. Artemis winced slightly and held her swollen womb. There was a small discomfort, like the baby had shifted slightly. Her hand glowed and she closed her eyes. She smiled. A small, baby boy was starting to form. She could just make out his tiny, chubby fingers forming gradually, along with his chunky legs that oddly reminded her of chicken drum-sticks that Aunt Hestia would make on the odd occasion. The only ones who knew about Artemis being pregnant were Apollo, Asclepius, Hestia and possibly Hera and Aphrodite. Gaea would also have some knowledge of her rape. And would hopefully help her by ending Orion. "Are you alright, Artemis?" Apollo asked. The goddess snapped open her eyes and nodded, removing her hand from her abdomen. She was somewhat disappointed that there wasn't a daughter. But that wouldn't stop her from giving her son the same amount of affection. "Yes... Just thinking. I should have gone after Orion all of those months ago. Maybe I could have prevented all of these atrocities committed by that wretched male." Artemis couldn't help but feel a sense of guilt bubble up inside of her. "Don't blame yourself, sis. You were severely weakened by the events. It would have been stupid to charge Orion that soon, because he could have harmed the baby severely." Apollo argued, lifting his sister's chin up so they met eyes. Artemis pulled her brother into a soft hug, showing their brother and sister relationship. He may annoy her beyond belief sometimes (she once wanted to throw herself into Tartarus to escape her little brother's annoying antics) but he was her brother - and brothers live to annoy their sisters - older or younger. "Thank you, little brother." Artemis smiled, pulling back from the embrace. "No problem. Wait, I'm the older one!" He complained, and Artemis gave a small chuckle. "In your wildest dreams, Apollo." The Hunters then came along. "We are ready to go, Milady." Kallisto announced. Artemis nodded. "Hold hands, and hold on tight. Apollo is helping us get to Asia Minor and joining us on this hunt for Orion." All eyes flashed at the mention of the rapist, bastard son of Poseidon. "Close your eyes!" Apollo warned, and all of them vanished in a bright flash of silver and gold. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ The Blood of the Moon ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ And I am done! Whew! That took a while to write. Some people will possibly be like "Are Artemis and Apollo getting together?" and I'm going to answer that here and now: no. They will retain their traditional brother/sister relationship. So, without much to say, I'm going to estimate when the next update will be… A week at the earliest – a month at the most. I still have one other story which draws my attention, and a third one that needs starting sooner or later. So, please leave a review! It will motivate me more, which leads to longer chapters – maybe even quicker chapters! Until next time! ~The Prince of Souls