I have to find her. Percy easily excused himself as soon as the bonfire had started. The king and queen were doubtful, but they let him out anyway. He wandered through the darkness, searching for a familiar pair of gray eyes. He searched until he came across a small clearing. Percy saw a girl in a navy blue dress sitting in a corner. Running away from a prince in a dress wasn't Annabeth's idea of a happy ever after. She sat at the foot of a tree, leaning her back against its trunk. "Alright, alright. Annabeth don't panic," she told herself. "Okay. Calm. . .calm." Then she pulled herself up. "I don't care. I really don't care that he's a-" She bumped into a body. When she looked up, her voice got caught in her throat. Percy was standing in front of her, clad in his prince suit and royal crown, with that lopsided grin. ". . .prince now." "Hi Annabeth." Annabeth reached out a finger to poke him. When her fingertip felt the cloth of his suit, she tentatively looked up. "Prince. . .Perseus." Percy smiled sheepishly at her. "Please. I'd prefer having you call me Stubborn Percy rather than that 'Prince Perseus'." Annabeth let out a full-on grin. "I see. You're a prince now, Stubborn Percy." "Yeah. . ." he trailed off. "You're wearing a dress." Annabeth tucked an invisible curl behind her ear. "Uh, yes. My dad insisted that I wear this. I know I probably look awkward right now." "No, no. You don't look like anything awkward at all," he said. "It's nice. The dress suits you. I just find it a little. . .new." "Really?" "Yes. You look beautiful, by the way. I-I mean always. You're always beautiful," he stammered. "Uh. Thanks, I guess?" She traced a path on the ground with her shoes. "You-you look. . .h-handsome too." "That's what everybody tells me." "So. . .how's life? I know-" "Annabeth," he cut her off. "Yeah?" "Can we not talk about this right now and I really really wanna hug you," he whispered. "Okay." "Which part?" "I don't know. I guess. . .both?" And then he crushed her body with an almost death hug. She reached her arms out and hugged him back. It felt like ages since they had last seen each other. She missed him. All, all of him really. She breathed in his scent, a smell of palace and cookies and sea water. It felt comforting, somehow. They stayed like that for who knows long until they started swaying. It was slow, their bodies moving back and forth with a rhythm only the two of them knew. The distant chatter of voices, the soft humming of birds, the gentle blow of the wind- all of these were the music slowly playing as they danced without a care in the world. Her head on his chest, his arms on her back. There was that feeling, settling over his chest and spreading all over his body. He didn't know where the first time he had felt it; perhaps when they were in the woods or maybe when he saw her in the tower. It's just he knew there's that emotion, that buzzing sweet emotion that covered his heart when he's with her. It's weird, but a good kind of weird. "Have you. . .have you written your masterpiece yet?" he started. "I am currently writing it. But I am getting there. And I know you have already found your happy ending. You deserve all of that, Percy." He tightened his hold on her back. "It isn't happy without you there." Percy heard her exhale and mutter something he didn't catch. He raised her face to his while keeping their slow dance. Her gray eyes were now brighter than he remembered. It was tempting. "Annabeth. Can I say something weird?" She chuckled. "Everything you say Percy is weird." "This is not really weird. Well, weird somehow." "Then, say it. I won't bite." "I love you," he whispered. She closed her eyes and for a moment, Percy thought he'd failed, that he'd messed everything up. But then, she pulled his face down so their foreheads were touching. She stared at him, her gray eyes impossibly closer than ever. "Percy. Can I say something weirder?" Annabeth breathed. He felt her warm breath blew over his lips. Closer, closer . "Yes?" "I love you too," she whispered back. His smile widened till it hurt but he didn't care because he loved her and she loved him and it's all too perfect that his heart was trying to break free from his chest. "Can I have the honor of saying the weirdest thing tonight?" The tip of her nose touched his and electricity started shooting up their veins. "Yes, you may." "I want to kiss you," he blurted out. She smiled shyly. "Yeah?" "Yeah." "Sure?" "More than ever." Then she leaned forward and closed the gap. His lips moved slowly against hers. It was shy, sweet and innocent. She didn't feel fireworks but she felt fire raged through her body. Every part of her felt warmer, content, at ease. There wasn't any rush or haste with the pulse in her wrist or her neck. It was all so peaceful and calm. They pulled back later, eyes still closed. Percy reached for her hands and placed it behind his neck. "Percy?" "Yeah?" "Can I say the weirdest thing ever?" "Sure." Annabeth leaned in again and whispered the words over his lips. "This is our happy ever after." So. . .I hope you liked that. If you do, kindly leave a review and tell me about it. And take note, that WASN'T EDITED. Sorry for the mistakes. And I seriously do not know how to write a proper kiss. UGH. AND I WANT TO WRITE MORE FLUFF. Anyway, does anyone here happened to have watched the anime Mirai Nikki? I still can't get over with it. That was just so cool.