Katie snickered, seeing the red welt that was already forming on his head. Will knelt down and healed him enough so that he didn't have a concussion. He decided to do this with the other unconscious campers. By the time he finished, he was a little drained, but still good enough to fight. Nico was blending into the shadows, running around and smashing the flat of his blade against various demigods' heads, rendering them dazed or unable to fight. After about seven people were on the ground, no more came at them. Nico sighed and walked around the flag, breathing hard. After about fifteen minutes, they heard whooping coming from a voice that sounded suspiciously like Jason. A cheer was heard. The flag , thought Nico. Jason and some Hephaestus campers burst into the clearing. "Nico, Will, Demeter Cabin! You guys can come down. We got the flag!" Nico peered at it, and to his surprise, instead of a lightning bolt that symbolized Zeus, a flaming hammer decorated the flag. The fabric shimmered as if it was made of fire. Nico had to admit, it was a beautiful design. Nyssa and Leo looked extremely proud of themselves. Nico did not fail to see a tiny, shimmering bird automaton that zoomed around the two campers' heads. He jumped when Will came up behind him and snaked an arm around his waist. "Nice fighting, Death Boy." Nico smirked. "Yeah, I was better than you. How many people did you manage to fight at once, huh?" Will took his arm off of Nico's waist, causing him to pout. "I shot a lot of people. But you, Mister di Angelo -" Nico frowned at Will's name for him, "- have caused me and the other Apollo campers some problems. Did you know that?" Nico looked truly puzzled. "Um, what?" He tilted his head, and Will blushed. Nico was so cute. Will tut-tutted. "All those unconscious people will have to be dragged into the infirmary and healed." Nico gave him a blank stare and scoffed. "You can just heal them while they're on the ground. Oh, look, they're already healed." Nico pointed, and Will's gaze followed him. "Why, so they have been." Will smiled sheepishly. "But at least you're here and not one of the ones on the ground. Come on, let's get out of here." He wrinkled his nose. It smelled like sweat in this clearing. "We're still a good team, Solace. Don't you forget it. Now, come on." Nico grabbed his hand and led him out of the way. It was dark by now. The younger of the two sat down on a rocky outcrop that you could see the stars from. Even though, Will noticed, the light of New York polluted the view, it was still beautiful. Will took Nico's hand in his again. "Hey... you know what?" Nico looked at him, noticing how the moonlight shone through his blonde hair. He noticed how the stars were reflected in his glassy blue eyes, and he most definitely saw where Will's shirt had ridden up, giving him a little view of the older demigod's lean stomach. Thank the gods it was dark, or Will would have seen Nico blushing. "What?" Nico said, trying not to make his voice waver. Will pressed himself up to Nico. "I hated you when I first met you." Will rubbed the back of his neck. "I hated how you dressed. I hated the way you talked back, and the way you broke the rules. I was a golden child of Apollo, the one who never so much as put a toe across the line. But I was also interested. I'd never really met anyone who ate as unhealthily as you did, or dressed in such dark colors, so I stuck around." He continued, "I got to know you for who you were, not for what you've done in the past. I don't care that you have basically saved the world. I care about you, Nico." Nico blushed furiously. He hugged Will, which was a little awkward because they were lying down on a rock, looking at the stars. Will reciprocated the hug, though, and Nico buried his face in Will's shoulder. "I care about you too," he murmured. Even though his voice was a bit muffled, Will could understand. He smiled and kissed the top of Nico's head. He immediately regretted it because Nico stiffened up. He got his answer when Nico gave a satisfied sigh and relaxed. "You startled me, Will," said the shorter demigod. "What can I say?" questioned Will. "My good looks are startling." Nico pulled away a bit and smacked him on the head. He sat up and leaned against the rocks. He stretched one leg out, keeping the other bent. He crossed his arms over his knee. "That's not what I meant," he complained. Will sat up and assumed a similar position to the son of Hades'. He leaned against Nico and grinned. Even though Nico couldn't see his face, he looked at him and kept smiling. When Nico turned his face toward Will's, the latter stuck his tongue out. "You just don't want to admit how hot I am, huh?" He challenged. Nico sighed in defeat. "Sure I don't. Yeah, we both know I'm so much hotter than you, Will." "True, but... wait... I don't have a good comeback!" Said Will. Nico chuckled and wrapped an arm around the son of Apollo. "You don't need a comeback, Will," he assured. Pretty soon, the two demigods were leaning against each other and talking about random stuff in general. Maybe this relationship was one that Nico could be accepted into. Whatever the case was, the two demigods were happy. And for Nico, for the first time in his life, happiness wasn't so much of a long shot. Hey! So, tell us what you thought about the story. Stay tuned for more, in case we write a sequel. Hint: There will be many angry puns.