into mist. The last thing the Olympians saw of me was the look of a broken man. Life at camp was okay. That is, until my half-brother Nathan Sharpe came to camp. One week after the ceremony, I was walking around the campfire, trying to cool off after what happened. Just as I was about to sit down, I heard a loud roar coming from the camp border. I ran there as fast as I could. That was the worst mistake I ever made in my life. I saw a demigod, about my height, being chased by my best pal, the Minotaur. I drew Riptide. I ran at the beast, jumped over its low axe sweep, and stabbed it in the face. The creature instantly dissolved. Chiron and the rest of camp rushed over and saw the monster dust and the boy. "Did you see that? I killed it all by myself!" The boy said arrogantly. A green trident appeared over his head. Great. I have an arrogant half-brother. Poseidon flashed in and yelled, "This is my favorite son, Nathan Sharpe! You will treat him with utmost respect or feel my wrath!" Poseidon flashed away, probably to do his duties. The campers and Chiron all got on a knee. "All hail, Nathan Sharpe, son of Poseidon!" I didn't bow. Nathan fixed his eyes on me. "Bow silly boy! I command it." He growled. "Great. I have an arrogant asshole for a brother." I muttered. I walked away, towards the beach. When Nathan saw that I was the 'leader' of camp, he put his heart and soul into making my life miserable. First, he took away the loyalty of the younger campers, partially because they didn't know better, partially because he was boastful, never letting anything he did be unknown. He even told them he went for a walk one day. The campers jeered at me, but it didn't matter. I still had my friends. However, when he saw I wasn't fazed by the younger campers, he decided to take things up a notch. He caught footage of 'me' badmouthing the gods, saying how Gaea was so much better. That caused most of the older campers to turn to his side immediately. I still had my friends. Or so I thought. Katie Gardener walked up to me, slapped me on the face, and yelled at me for flooding the Demeter cabin's garden. Connor and Travis Stoll glared at me and yelled, in the middle of dinner, "Thanks for ruining our prank Perseus!" They threw a pie at my face. I had a confused expression on my face, but they didn't buy it. I looked over at Nathan and saw that he was smirking. My vision turned red, but I quickly calmed myself. I stormed off to the training ground to blow off some steam. When I got there, Clarisse walked up to me and stabbed me in the leg with her spear. "That's what you get for insulting my father!" She growled. I just grimaced and took the pain. The worst betrayals were from my best friends, Nico and Thalia. Nico said that I told Reyna of his interests in her, making her hate him for not telling her himself. Thalia… she accused me of attempting to rape a maiden. She cut all her ties with me and officially disowned me as her cousin. Annabeth accused me for being a traitor, that I conspired with Gaea, who allowed me to beat her easily. That's when the Olympians summoned me to a council meeting. As soon as I was teleported into the throne room, I caught every god and goddess looking at me with hate in their eyes. "Hephaestus, now!" Zeus yelled, as I was wrapped in celestial bronze chains. I looked around the room in shock. Hades' and Hestia's thrones were missing. "Perseus Jackson, you have been found guilty of treason against the gods! You will be sentenced to being hunted by my daughter, Artemis." Artemis grinned at me evilly. "Well, I suppose this will be more fun than that other request I was going to ask you, so ok!" I said gleefully. "The hunt starts now!" Yelled Zeus, unwrapping me from my chains and teleporting me into the wilderness. *End Flashback* So yeah, here I am running from the hunt, all because of rumors. I heard a rustle in the bushed and started to run again, but it was too late. The hunt emerged out of the bushes surrounding me. A girl wearing a silver tiara appeared in the middle of the group. "Well then boy, time to die!" Thalia yelled, stalking towards me. I kneeled down, as if accepting my fate. Thalia walked up to me and drew her bow, aiming right at my face. I quickly stood up, knocked the bow out of her grip, turned her around, and put a knife to her neck. "Anyone moves and she dies." I said, with a hint of malice in my voice. "I do not want to do this Thalia, but I will if I must." I whispered into her ear. She struggled to get out of my grip. "Boy, let my lieutenant go!" The goddess of the moon yelled, appearing behind me. I threw a rusty knife I found into her thigh. In that instant, Thalia had me on the ground, knife to my throat and looking into my eyes. What I saw in her eyes made me widen mine in fear. She had a ring of blinding white light around her pupil. "Fuck you… Order." I groaned. Thalia smiled sadistically. She slit my throat with her knife, spraying blood all over her face. So, how did I do? Sorry about not updating anything for awhile, I just had a major writers block. Again, Merry early Christmas! I have a Twitter account. It's on my profile page. So yeah, ThePieRoh, signing off (And no, Percy is not actually dead, don't worry. I'm not getting rid of him quite yet.)