to Annabeth's room on the 3rd floor and she unlocked her door. Stepping inside I saw two beds, one of them had pink flowers and hearts all over it, and the other one was a plain grey with an owl pillow on it. I assumed the latter was Annabeth's. Next to her bed was a desk with blueprints, notebooks, pencils, and of course, her laptop on it. Across from her bed I could see a wooden dresser with some pictures of camp, friends, and mostly us sitting on top of it. On her bed was a packed suitcase, which I grabbed, while Annabeth packed practically everything on her desk into a backpack along with her hairbrush, toothbrush, cell phone, some mortal money, ambrosia, nectar, and drachmas. How she fit all of that in one bag is beyond me. We walked back out the room and through the school, hand in hand, stopping to smile at the reception lady who grinned back at us. I threw her suitcase and backpack into the backseat with mine and kissed her lightly before getting into the car. I climbed into the driver's seat and started the car, listening to it rumble to life. "So, Wise Girl, when's our flight?" I asked nervously. I never liked flying, but since Thalia was with us, I figured Zeus wouldn't blast us out of the sky. "At one. We will meet Thalia there at ten, check our bags in, get through security, grab lunch, then we board." Annabeth answered, looking pretty nervous herself. Probably about her family, though. You know, the mortal ones. "Hey," I said, taking her hand, "relax. This will be fun! I mean, you like your stepbrothers, your dad seems pretty cool, and your grandpa sounds nice, so don't worry." Annabeth just nodded as we pulled into the airport parking lot. Stepping out the car, we each grabbed our bags (we each had a suitcase and a backpack. We also had our weapons either attached to us or in pen form. I'm not quite sure how that'll work with security, but I assume the mist will take care of any problems we have) and walked into the airport. "Annabeth, Percy!" We both spun around to see the Hunter running toward us and tackling us into a hug. I laughed and hugged her back. "Hey, Pinecone Face! How ya been?" I exclaimed. "Great! Everything has actually been pretty smooth lately, you know, since the war." Thalia said that last part softly, the war is still a pretty touchy subject for everyone. I nodded and Annabeth squeezed her hand. "Good," Annabeth said, "Well, let's get checked in and go through security. Then we can grab a quick bite to eat before we board." Leave it to Annabeth to have the plan. Thalia and I nodded our heads in agreement and strode off towards check-in. The line was really long, but we figured out a way to pass the time, "So, Annie," Thalia said, " Truth or Dare?" "Dare." Annabeth said, defiantly. "Okay, I dare you to sit your luggage upside down, handle up, and stand on the wheels for 30 seconds without falling." Thalia declared. Well, at first Annabeth looked really doubtful to if she could do it, but after a couple tries and a yelling security guard, she did it. Annabeth hopped down when a couple little kids in line clapped for her. She smiled warmly at them, then toward me. "Okay, Kelp Head, your turn." Thalia stated, "Truth or Dare." I didn't really want to tumble off a suitcase, so I chose the safer option, "Truth." "Hmm," Thalia said, thinking, "oh I got it! So Percy, if it wasn't for Annabeth, would you have excepted immortality?" I blushed, and said, "Probably. But I'm glad I didn't for another reason. If I had, there would still be half bloods all over the world thinking their parents didn't care." By now we were at the desk for check-in, thankfully. "How may I help you kids?" The guy behind the desk asked. "Three for San Francisco, with three bags and three carry-ons." Annabeth responded. The guy nodded and told us to put our bags on the scale then he loaded them onto a conveyer belt to be loaded on the plane. And that's when the Minotaur showed up. "Are you kidding me? What is this? The third time I've killed you?" I exclaimed. "Just calm down and distract it! Thals and I will kill it." Annabeth told me. I just nodded and yelled, "Hey you! Ready to get your diaper covered butt kicked back to Tarturus?" It was totally true, too. The Minotaur was dressed similarly to the first time I met him. No armor or helmets, just an ugly monster in a diaper with an axe. The Minotaur roared at me and charged, I easily dodged and swung at his leg, but that didn't seem to do much damage, and all he did was growl. The minatour swung his fist back and hit Thalia while knocking her to the ground. She seemed fine though, she just shook it off and stood back up. The Minotaur then turned back to me and was about to charge when he turned to dust. Annabeth took off her cap and slid her knife back in her sheath. The mortals all around us stared with wide eyes, until Thalia snapped her fingers and the mortals all went back to whatever they had been doing before the Minotaur had come as if nothing had happened. "Have a nice flight." The guy at the desk said, handing Annabeth her tickets, dismissing us. Oh, the wonders of the Mist. About an hour later we were boarding our plane to San Francisco, and to say all three of us weren't completely nervous would be a total understatement. Thalia and I just wanted to survive the airplane ride, and Annabeth just wanted to have a peaceful weekend with her family. Well, at least this should be interesting.