strong, bold, destined to leave, and hopelessly in love with somebody else. And yet, it didn't hurt to think of him anymore, not in that way. She was no longer angry at him, not cursing his fate and his Annabeth, she'd accepted, just as she had with all the others, that Percy was simply not for her. Maybe, just maybe, there was somebody else out there for her, someone who—and just like that the image of a girl came on. She looked strong, fierce, like a warrior, like a person who got things done, like someone reliable; like someone worth fighting for and going home to. Calypso couldn't help it, her anger cut off the flow of magic. "No!" Leo yelled. "No, not now. Show me what happens!" He banged on the mirror. "Calypso, can you sing again or something?" For reasons she didn't care to admit right now, she was angry. Really angry. "I suppose that is your girlfriend? Your Penelope? Your Elizabeth? Your Annabeth?" "What?" He looked genuinely confused, could it be…? "That's Reyna. She's not my girlfriend! I need to see more! I need—" NEED, NEED is an overused word. A humanoid figure appeared from the ground, and Calypso felt a cold wave rush through her body, 'No…it can't be…' And yet it was, there, in her very own little haven, stood a grotesque resemblance of Gaea. The Earth Mother, who had not risen for millennia—if she was awakened…what exactly was Leo's quest…? True to form, Leo bravely hurled some pliers at her, but because she wasn't solid they sailed right past her. The voice rumbled again, You want to live. You want to join your friends. But you do not need this, my poor boy. It would make no difference. Your friends will die, regardless. Calypso could feel Leo shaking behind her, and then he angrily burst out, "What I don't need," he growled, "is more lies from you, Dirt Face. You told me my great-granddad died in the 1960s. Wrong! You told me I couldn't save my friends in Rome. Wrong! You told me a lot of things." ' Did he just refer to the Earth Mother as "Dirt Face"?!' Calypso swirled her head around, surprised. Was he that brave or that stupid? She honestly couldn't decide. Gaea's laughter was soft and dangerous, and the hairs on Calypso's neck stood straight, I tried to help you make better choices. You could have saved yourself. But you defied me at every step. You built your ship. You joined that foolish quest. Now you are trapped here, helpless, while the mortal world dies. How involved was Leo with Gaea? Calypso had thought that he was some kind of second rate hero, she'd guessed he was on a quest, but she never believed it was one as monumental as this. The fate of the entire planet rested upon this quest. Upon Leo's quest. 'What he must have gone through…no wonder he's so determined to leave.' She saw Leo's hands burst into flame and knew that he was about to take it too far, "Gaea," she said, "You are not welcome." Ah, Calypso. Gaea turned to her and raised her arms as if for a hug . Still here, I see, despite the gods' promises. Why do you think that is, my dear grandchild? Are the Olympians being spiteful, leaving you with no company except this undergrown fool? Or have they simply forgotten you, because you are not worth their time? Calypso remained firm, uncomfortable with just how accurate Gaea's words were. She continued, Yes. The Olympians are faithless. They do not give second chances. Why do you hold out hope? You supported your father, Atlas, in his great war. You knew that the gods must be destroyed. Why do you hesitate now? I offer you a chance that Zeus would never give you. "Where were you these last three thousand years?" Calypso asked, "If you are so concerned with my fate, why do you visit me only now?" Gaea turned up her palms. The earth is slow to wake. War comes in its own time. But do not think it will pass you by on Ogygia. When I remake the world, this prison will be destroyed as well . "Ogygia destroyed?" Calypso shook her head, sure the island might not be much, but this was her home. You do not have to be here when that happens , Gaea promised. Join me now. Kill this boy. Spill his blood upon the earth, and help me to wake. I will free you and grant you any wish. Freedom. Revenge against the gods. Even a prize. Would you still have the demigod Percy Jackson? I will spare him for you. I will raise him from Tartarus. He will be yours to punish or to love, as you choose. Only kill this trespassing boy. Show your loyalty. Steel cold resolve settled into her bones. Gaea was clearly blind if she believed Calypso would so easily spill innocent blood upon her land. Her Ogygia. Sure, Leo was annoying and a bigger pain than anyone she'd ever met, but he was a good person, he didn't deserve to die like that. She thrust her hand out at Gaea in the ancient motion to ward against evil, "This is not just my prison, Grandmother. It is my home. And you are the trespasser." At the clear intonation of unwelcome, the magic surrounding the island dispelled the spirit of Gaea that vanished in the wind. She heard Leo swallow and turn to her, "Uh, don't take this the wrong way, but you didn't kill me. Are you crazy?" Calypso took a breath, angry at Gaea for torturing this demigod; he didn't deserve whatever the Earth Mother had planned for him. "Your friends must need you, or else Gaea would not ask for your death." "I— uh, yeah. I guess." "Then we have work to do," she resolved. "We must get you back to your ship."