Let people know alright? That we're broken up." "I live in a cabin full of gossipers and Lacy is definitely eves dropping so this is her hint that she can go chatter away if she lets me take off this makeup." Jason her feet pounding out the door. Piper burst out laughing. Jason followed suit. "Alright so I'm going to make myself look normal and go kiss Annabeth Chase in a lake because I will not be out done by Percy fucking Jackson. Doesn't he know I'm Piper McLean." "Okay, later Piper." "See ya Jace." Jason left the Aphrodite cabin and was met with the hungry eyes for 4 other Aphrodite kids. "Did you and Piper really just break up?" "We were barely together." "But you were together for such a long time!" cried a short girl with bouncy strawberry blond curls and shiny grey eyes. "Not really? Besides it wasn't an actual relationship. I have places to be can I go?" "Wait! We have more questions!" A tall boy with high cheek bones asked. "Know what, I've told Mitchell alllll about it. Go find him. Tell him I said it was okay. It's probably been eating at him for months." The Aphrodite kids scrambled away in search of their brother. Jason hummed and walked towards the Volley Ball Courts. He, along with Will, Leo, Nico, Frank, Hazel, and Calypso, were supposed to be starting a game at 2, and it was nearing 3:15, they may or may not still be there. They were, no volley ball was being played Nico was sprawled against Will, Hazel and Frank were tossing the ball back and forth playing some sort of alphabet game, Leo was trying and failing at braiding Calypso's hair, and Percy was attempting to untangle a knot in his shoe laces. "Hey!" Jason called and Hazel sprang to her feet leaping at him. "Jason! I feel like I never see you any more. Honestly stop being such a ghost!" she chirped. Jason smiled wrapping her in a hug. "Yeah yeah. I actually wanted to talk with Percy really fast." Percy stood and walked over. "What's up." "I uh broke up with Piper so however you want to." Percy smiled at him and hugged him. "Cool. That's really awesome." Hazel made a concerned face. "How is that really awesome?" "Piper and I weren't really together Hazel, she was kinda my beard..." "Oh... Alright then!" Hazel smiled. "So is it safe to assume and you and Percy are a sort of item then? Because if you are it makes a whole heck of a lot more sense than Percy just dumping Annabeth out of the blue." Percy grimaced. "Yeah sorta." Leo was frowning. "Wait what hell. Hold the phone. Okay so you and Annabeth easily the cutest couple in terms of longevity of the relationship, and the fact both you and Annabeth are kinda smokin'. Jason and Piper were sort of the too hot to touch sort of couple, too cool, edgy almost. But now you and Jason are together which balances out cuteness with hotness, who is going to balance out Annabeth and Piper though?" "Leo that made like no sense," Percy stated. "Nevermind. Congrats bros," Leo grinned holding out a hand for a fist bump. Jason and Percy bumped his hand and he grinned wider. "This is kinda sick you know. Like sick cool. You two are basically the faces of the two camps. You're going to make a lot of kids very happy I think, make em feel real good." Jason nodded. "Yeah I guess we will huh." Annabeth was seized by Piper as she was walking towards the volley ball courts, she'd heard that there was a volley ball game going on, and she had nothing better todo. Piper dipped Annabeth deep and kissed her long and hard. When she pulled away Annabeth let out a sigh. "Not that that wasn't wonderful, but what was that about." "Jason and I broke up. I'm free to share why. No more sneaking off and hiding, well still that, but less of it," Piper chortled. Annabeth ran her fingers through Pipers hair. "Oh that is great." Piper nodded, folding her hands behind her head. "Mmmhmm! I saw Mitchell spilling Jason's deets to my siblings earlier. Soon the whole camp will know. You can't keep shit secret in Aphrodite." Piper dropped her arms and took Annabeth's hands in her's. "I really wanted to do this you know. Hold your hand. Show you off. Show to the world that Annabeth Chase chose me, and how amazing that is." Annabeth flushed pink. "I mean I'm not that great." "Um... Annabeth,you do realize you've made the Unofficial Camp Half Blood's 10 most Beautiful every year since you gained eligibility at 15 right?" "I didn't know we had one of those." "Yeah, for the past 3 years you've floated around 2 and 3, this year though you were number 1, I was number 2, Jason 4, Percy 7." "Who was 3, 5, 6, 8, 9, and 10?" "Well 3 was Katie Garner, 5 Nico di Angelo, dark beauty is always really in this time of year, hard to keep up that aesthetic in the sun but he does it. Number 6 was Reyna, even though she doesn't even go here, though if she were to be counted it would be you, her, then me, but that is just my personal opinion. Number 8 Will Solace, 9 Hazel though she just became eligible so she might climb higher yet. 10 is Drew, she is a gorgeous, soulless, monster." "I find it weird you calling Drew gorgeous..." "Whatever," Piper shrugged."It isn't a super well known list but we gather information from every part of the camp." Annabeth hummed. "But this is it you know," Piper said squeezing her hand. "I get to show you off." Annabeth blushed again and looked away. "You're going to kill me Piper." "Yeaaaah but you'll like it!" she replied with a wink.