"Yet." I interrupted. Connor's smile became bigger. But as soon as it appeared, it disappeared. "What if, what if it's just a ploy to humiliate me?" he said. His voice trembled with slight fear. I grew serious. "Hey, if it is, we'll make him regret every decision. We'll get him back." I said. "Now, let's get back to the prank." Connor's POV That night I had one of the best sleeps of my life. I can't say that the dream was very good, but I slept well. It sounds weird, yeah, but that's life I guess. The point is, after Travis and I talked, I felt so much better. I guess my original plan wasn't the best, so the moral of the story is, don't do what I did. It only brought trouble. Oh, and always accept a new friend. That's something I finally did with Jason. Currently, we were hanging out with him, while half watching the people on the climbing wall. But to my luck, Travis had quietly made the point of making me sit beside Jason. Whenever Jason moved to a new position, he'd bump me and I'd start to feel all tingly. Then Travis would feel what I'm feeling, and smirk the entire time. Gods, I hated it, and liked it at the same time! Stupid Travis. " Hey, I'm right here." came his voice. " Oh shut up, and stop invading my mind. You're just as bad as Aphrodite." was my reply. I could just feel him smirking. I didn't dare glance at him. After that, the rest of the day was fine. Well, until after lunch that is. "Hurry up Connor!" said Travis. I walked faster to keep up. The guy was practically running for gods sake. We were apparently for a meeting with Luke, and the rest of the cabin. No one told me, so I didn't know to tell Travis. We ran towards our cabin. Breathlessly, I knocked on the door, and we walked in. I gave Travis a confused look. There was no one there. Jason's POV I helped Percy up after our sword battle. I had just won in a bet again. This time the only people who were betting, were Percy, Nico, Piper, Annabeth, Leo, and myself. "Man, that's not fair. Percy was obviously distracted, maybe next time Grace battle with a shirt on ." said Leo. He just made a bet on Percy. But it's not like Percy's glances went unnoticed. Not that I minded. Leo's comment made both Percy and I blush. Percy glanced at Nico, who looked a little miffed. "Oh come on, don't even think like that Nico, you were doing the same thing." said Leo. That just made us blush more. The girls looked very amused at the situation. Piper smiled at me. She probably knew that I didn't mind being looked at. I caught Annabeth looking at Piper in a different way, but I didn't comment. I couldn't help but notice the blush appearing on her face when Piper smiled. Hm... I wondered what was happening there. Piper's smile became wider. I decided to do some questioning later on. It was at that moment, Luke came over. "Hey guys, Jason, come with me." he said. With that, he draped an arm around my shoulders, (again, I didn't mind,) and led me towards the cabin area. What was this about? "Uh, Luke, you mind telling me what's happening?" I asked. Although, considering he was a son of Hermes, I wasn't sure I wanted to know. What if I was being led to a trap? "Sorry, it's confidential. But no need to worry about anything my friend! You'll be fine!" said Luke. What the heck? Connor's POV "Uh, Travis, what's-" Before I could finish, the door opened. Luke pushed my crush inside, and Travis instantly ran out. Crap. I should have known. But I couldn't come up with any revenge plan, as I was only thinking about one thing. Jason Grace was shirtless and alone with me . My face felt like it was on fire! It started to feel really hot in the room. Damn it Travis! " What? I thought you'd like him shirtless." Travis thought to me. Ugh. That guy. I must have sighed out loud because Jason turned around. "Travis you IDIOT!" A snicker was my only reply. Oh gods, Jason turned around! If my face wasn't on fire before, it was now. I felt like I couldn't breathe! I needed air. I felt so light headed that if Jason hadn't started speaking, I would have passed out right then and there. "Uh, Connor? Are you okay? Maybe you should sit down. Here." said Jason. He then proceeded to guide me (by the hand,) to my bed, and we sat down. Gods Travis, why? "So. Do you know why I'm here?" asked Jason. I shook my head no. Technically, I didn't know at first. But then the realization struck me. I knew what Travis and Luke had in mind. I just hoped that Travis was right about Jason. "Hm. I have to say though, I'm glad it's not a prank." said Jason. He smiled, and my heart skipped a beat. Obviously he noticed me staring. Again. I couldn't help it! He smiled and- was he blushing? "So, Connor, do you like what you see?" he asked. My face probably would have made a tomato jealous, and I gave such a brilliant answer. "Um..." like I said, brilliant. Jason smiled again. "Cause I do." he said. Wait. What? Was- was Travis right about him? "Ugh, dude just go for it!" " Shut up Travis!" " Okay." Suddenly Jason leaned in closer. Our faces were just an inch apart. Then he took my hand, and closed the gap. Only one word rang through my head as we continued to kiss. " Finally!" " Seriously Travis, get lost." " Okay." A/N : Yay it's done! Well, how was it? R & R please! :D