relaxed a bit. "It's Kronos eating his kids, right?" He said. "Yes, and he did this because...?" "Uh...Kronos, the king of the Titans, didn't trust his children, the gods, so he ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. When Zeus grew up, he forced his father to vomit the other gods..." "Ewww!" said a girl behind him. "...and then, there was a big war between the gods and the Titans, and the gods won," he finished. "Huh, nerd," Nancy chuckled. Piper glared at her, but Percy didn't pay attention to her; he was still looking at Mr Brunner. "As if it would be useful in real life," muttered the red-haired bully to her friend. "And why, Mr. Jackson, would this information be useful in real life, as opposed to Miss Bobofit's opinion?" "Busted!" grinned Grover. "Shut up!" hissed Nancy, her face as red as her hair. "Um...I don't know sir," Percy managed to squeeze out. Mr. Brunner looked disappointed. "Half credit, Mr Jackson. Kronos was cut to pieces by his children with his own scythe, and then they threw his remains to the very depths of Tartarus, the lowest and worst part of the underworld. On this happy note, we can all go to lunch now." "Such a happy note," muttered Percy. The students went to the exit, led by Mr Brunner. They were eating outdoors, close by to the entrance of the Museum. Some were throwing bread to the birds, and Nancy was, as always, trying to steal something from an old lady. Percy sat at the fountain with his two friends. Nancy seemed to lose the attention of the tourists, so she (obviously) decided to bother the three friends in other ways. She threw what was left of her sandwich on Grover's lap and said,"Hey Piper, did you do a rain dance or somethin'? 'Cause it would explain this storm." A few laughs were heard, and Piper's hands curled into fists. Percy glared daggers at Nancy. He tried to calm down, but to no avail. The clouds seemed to darken, and with incredible speed a bolt hit the closest tree. A piercing noise resulted from that, just a mere few feet from Nancy Bobofit. Some students screamed in fear, rushing back inside the museum. Percy was the only one who didn't move. "Percy, come on!" screamed Piper. She caught his hand and dragged him inside. Once they were all inside, the large museum doors were closed and the teachers struggled to calm down the students. "What the hell was that?!" asked Nancy, seemingly shaken. "The tree attracted the lightning, it can happen. This is why you mustn't hide under trees when there is a storm," said Mr. Brunner. The students finished eating their lunch inside, while the rain was falling. The rest of the day was normal, and there were no more lightning hits quite so close. When they finally did get back to Yancy, it was almost midnight. Traffic was a real mess due to many detours. Many city streets and roadways were flooded due to the enormous rainfall. Even some Subway platforms were flooded, causing massive mass transit delays all over the city. Percy was walking lazily to his dorm, when he heard Mr Brunner's voice. It wasn't Percy's nature to eavesdrop, but he listened to the conversation anyway. "...Sir, I'm worried about Piper and Percy, but mostly Percy. Until now everything has been going well. Even the Kindly One hasn't spotted them...yet." It was Grover's voice. Mr Brunner replied,"Very well, but remember, Grover, if one of them dies, you won't get a second chance, and I can't do anything about it. As for Percy, it's a miracle he didn't attract any of them. I also believe he is a child of Zeus, but we can't be sure about it. I do have to admit that there is something... different about that boy." Percy took a step back. He was unsure of what he'd just heard. They were threatened by something? And he was the son of Zeus?! He really thought his teacher was nuts, and so he ran, as fast as he could. Percy spent the whole night thinking about what he'd heard. It made no sense, so he concluded it was all a joke, even though he wasn't quite so positive of it. In the morning, he did his best to act as if he hadn't heard his friend's voice talking with Mr Brunner the past evening, but it was harder than it seemed. Right before class, Percy took Grover aside. "Have you seen any 'Kindly Ones' lately?" he asked. Grover literally jumped in surprise. "I-I don't know what you're talking about," replied Grover nervously, a hint of fear on his face. "Listen, I heard Mr Brunner talking to you last night. So, care to explain?"... AN : So? Did you like it? Hate it? Review! As I said earlier, it will be a long trilogy. I have no idea on how boarding schools work, so don't blame me if there are mistakes. EDIT: I just edited this chapter. Hopefully, it's much more readable. I will do the same with other chapters before going on with the story. Yeah, I know, sucks to wait, but bear with me; I want my final work to be decent. EDIT #2: Hello. Well, I realize that I probably look like the Laziest Lazy Ass Author from McLazyness, but it is not my choice: I took the greatest possible pains to even edit this chapter on a small screen, but I have an announcement concerning this story: During this long no-writing period, I believe my writing skills increased. By a lot. Which is why I am editing chapters instead of writing new ones. Also, the presence of my Beta reader should do well to improve the story, and hopefully, we will be getting a new chapter after quick edit. Beta's Note: Faster? Not bloody likely! But we'll see...