isn't ready to meet her step-mom today, are they?" "Wait, what? You mom is coming to the camp today?" She asked me. I nodded and shut my book, "Oh, I love that book, of course it toke me forever to read it due to my Dyslexia and ADHD. Wait, do you have those too, or am I the only one?" "No, no, I have those too, and so do most of the campers. It's a demigod thing." I said as she nodded along. "Well hopefully your mom likes me because I would really like a motherly figure in my life." Aerna said. I laughed, she looked at me funny. "My mom will absolutely love you. She always wanted a 'little' girl, and here comes here chance to 'have' one." I said trying not to laugh in the middle. Aerna's smile grew huge, and by huge, I mean HUGE! We both kept taking until it was time for breakfast. She looked at me with a questionable look and that's when I realized she still had PJs on. "Come on, Cousin Thalia will help you out with clothes." I laughed, she was still looking puzzled. We sneaked up to the Zeus cabin and I knocked on the door. "WHO'S THERE!" Thalia yelled from inside, she sounded annoyed, Nico must have annoyed her earlier. "Percy, and Aerna..." I trailed off, the door open really fast and I was crushed with a hug. "Percy! I haven't seen you in forever! And...who's this?" She asked suspiciously. I looked at her weird, but before I could reply, Aerna started to talk. "Aerna, Percy's half-sister." She replied confidently before getting crushed in a hug as well. "Oh my gods! I love your hair! Oh and it looks like you need some clothes! Well come in and I'll get you some. Percy you too, we need to catch up." Thalia said excitedly. I laughed at Aerna's face. ~Time Skip~ Aerna was dressed in a dark blue tank top, a Camp Half Blood shirt over it, gray jeans, and black combat boots, her hair was in an emo look and swept to the side. Thalia was dressed in her regular clothes, with her hunter circlet thing on her head. We all walked down to the finning pavilion. We were in a line, Thalia in the middle, and Aerna and I on the sides. When we got there Thalia walked over to the Hunters' table, and Aerna and I walked over to the Poseidon table. I thought of blue pancakes, (regular) bacon, eggs, and a blue orange juice (and you heard me right). It appeared in front of me, Aerna looked at me questionably. "What? The pancakes or how the food appeared?" I asked Aerna. "Both..." She replied trying not to show her amusement, but failed. I shook my head at her. "Well the pancakes because my mom would always make blue pancakes when I was little, and because a have a little obsession with blue." I said proudly, she started to giggle, I shook my head again and continued, "How the food appears, well just think what you want to have, and be specific, and it will appear." I started to dig into my food and Aerna made her's appear. It was like mine, but without the blue. 'I guess we both love pancakes...' I thought to myself. When we were done eating, Chiron stood up and started to talk. "Well you all know that since the hunters got here yesterday, we should have had Capture the Flag, but we were interrupted by a guest that was thought to be here later." Chiron said looking straight at Aerna, she shrank down in her seat a little, but then I started to chuckle and she slapped me, "We will still have Capture the Flag through. It will be tonight." Everyone started to cheer, and the Apollo and Hermes cabins started to bet who would win. The cheering was interrupted by Chiron talking again. "Why don't you all go to your activities planned. But Percy, Aerna, you guys come with me." Chiron said with a wink, so we did as told. We walked up to the big house and Chiron invited us into his office. I walked in, and saw my mom standing there with a big smile on her face. "Mom!" I said loudly and happily. I ran towards her, and was enveloped in a hug. We split apart and mom was about to start talking but I interrupted her. "Mom, this is Aerwyna, my half-sister." I said referring to Aerna, the ho was surprised to be recognized. My mom didn't act like I thought she would. She gasped and started shaking her head in disbelief. "Mom...are you—" I got interrupted. "Aerwyna! Is that you? My sweet baby!" My mom exclaimed and rushed over to her, enveloping her in a hug. Aerna looked at me questionably, but I was as confused as she was. "Percy, I forgot to tell you something." My mom started before continuing, "When you were only 1 years old, I saw your father again and ended up getting pregnant with a baby. It turned out to be a girl, I named her Aerwyna Kate Jackson. I was afraid of your aura you guys would create together, so I gave her to my friend Evelyn Fair to take care of her. I never got a chance to have you meet her, Evelyn 'adopted' Aerwyna, and Moved away. I don't know where to look for Aerwyna, so you never got to meet her. But now you did." I looked at her in disbelief then I looked over to Aerna, and she had the same confused look on her face as well. "Mom...I uh..." I tried to get the words going threw my head, out without hurting my mom's feelings, but before I could try again, my mom interrupted me. "Percy..." She looked me in the eyes, and continued, "This is Aerwyna Kate Jackson. This is your real sister."