quickly shoving the microphone back to Will, who took with with a frown. It was obvious that was all Nico had to contribute to the song-versation. "I can feel you falling away. No longer the lost, no longer the same, and I can see you starting to break. I'll keep you alive," the irony of that line almost made Nico smile , "if you show me the way. Forever, and ever, the scars will remain. I'm falling apart- leave me here forever in the dark." Taking a deep breath, one of Will's hands went to his heart. "Gods help me I've come undone," he sang softly and sadly . "Out of the light of the sun; Gods help me I've come undone. Out of the light of the sun..." For a moment, Nico's mask faltered. His boyfriend (they hadn't broken up after all) was so sincere it made his heart ache. Suddenly his voice grew louder, eyes gazing into Nico's once more . "I can feel you falling away. No longer the lost, no longer the same, and I can see you starting to break. I'll keep you alive if you show me the way. Forever, and ever, the scars will remain..." "Give me a sign," Will sang while his siblings sang the accent lyrics together as they played the music on their guitars. "There's something buried in the words." "Give me a sign." Maybe Nico should apologize. "Your tears are adding to the flood." "Just give me a sign." Or accept the apology Will had been trying to give him all week. "There's something buried in the words." "Give me a sign." He didn't really enjoy fighting with the guy he'd come to really, really like-like (in elementary-schooler terms). Your tears are adding to the flood." "Just give me a sign." But why couldn't Will understand that Nico wasn't a helpless almost-ghost anymore? "There's something buried in the words." "Give me a sign." Will just needed to see that he didn't need to be protected. That's it. "Your tears are adding to the flood." Nico couldn't help but sing the last line with his boyfriend under his breath. "Forever and ever the scars will remain..." As soon as the song was over, Nico locked eyes with Will and melted into the shadows. A moment later the healer yelped when a flood of darkness swept him off the stage leaving dozens of confused demigods wondering what that could mean. Either they were busy making up in the Hades Cabin or Nico was murdering a camper that could barely fight. Either way, only Jason opted to see what was going on, but that was after he realized more than ten minutes later that if they did make up Will might kiss his little brother. There was no way he was letting that son of the womanizing Apollo deflower our precious Nico like that. (A/N BLUE I LOVE THE CHOICE OF WORDS... Deflower XD ~Falter) In Cabin Thirteen, Will Solace appeared shortly after the son of Hades via being spit out of the darkness gathered in the corner of the room. It took him a few seconds to shake the affects off of him, but when he did he noticed a sullen Nico di Angelo standing in the center of the room. "Nico?" The blonde questioned tentatively. Will had fought with him, true, but he wasn't really angry at Nico. When he looked back on it, he realized that he'd been treating Nico how everyone else treated him at one point. "Yeah, Solace?" Will looked at his feet, not really wanting to say anything but feeling like he had to. "Why did you bring me here?" Nico looked him dead in the eyes. "Okay, first of all, I brought you here to ask stuff, not the other way around. So, here goes. Why did you sing that? Did you think it would make it all better?" Will looked down sheepishly. "Well, maybe. I mean, it was kind of real. I need to know if you even want me around. I can't just forget an argument like that." Nico glared at him. "How could you even think that?" He interrogated. " Will, I love you, a lot. Of course I want you around!" His eyes widened and so did the blonde's. "What?" Asked Will, his voice faltering at the declaration. It took a moment for Nico to realize what he'd just said. When he did, brown eyes widened and his face lit up crimson despite his wishes. "I..." the son of Hades looked away, a finger twisting the ring on his finger nervously. This was definately not how he'd planned this going. "I love you, Will, and I don't want us to fight anymore." Will's eyes softened. He stepped forward and cupped the younger demigod's chin in his hand and made Nico look at him. "I love you too, Nico." He leaned down and kissed the son of Hades passionately. Nico leaned into Will and threw his arms around the golden-haired boy's neck. They were, however, interrupted by Percy and Jason bursting into the cabin. Nico had forgotten all about them. "Hey!" Jason protested. "You can't just... Go and kiss him like that! You're practically groping him!" Percy stood behind him, looking extremely embarrassed and offering a sheepish grin. It didn't help. Nico's face went red from humiliation and Will buried his face into his hands and groaned. Nico snapped his fingers and two skeletons popped up out of the ground. They picked up Jason and Percy and about thirty seconds later, loud splashes could be heard, but that didn't matter because the two people who had caused it were in the Hades Cabin "making up". Falter: Hey! This is the sequel... tell us how you liked it, and remember that bluelove22 wrote this with me. If you don't give her love I will take your books hostage. I'll do it. I'm crazy. bluelove22: Crazy awesome~ *buh-dum tish* Much love, Falter and blue