other demigods' faces. "But you'll need to do something about those monsters." "We'll keep watch," Jason said, speaking up for the first time. "Take turns going out in pairs." "The monsters will mostly be coming through the fire escape, right?" Hazel pointed out. "Let's have that place guarded." "Which means that there have to be two people in Percy's room at all times," Annabeth said. Percy frowned. "Wait, what about my stuff?" "Don't worry, we won't go snooping about in your underwear," Nico said whilst rolling his eyes, causing Leo to gag jokingly and Percy to glare at him, and making the others laugh. Sally shook her head a little at their antics, before standing. "I'm assuming that I should put a couple of batches of cookies in the oven for you all?" she asked. She noticed how Percy's face lit up and shook her head a little, smiling. "I'll take that as a yes, Percy." The others laughed again at the sheepish grin on Percy's face, and Sally left the room to get a head start on the cookie making. There was silence in the room, until Frank spoke up. "I guess we won't get to give Nico his presents after all." Nico's ears perked up at that, and he frowned. "What presents?" he asked slowly. "Your birthday presents, of course!" Hazel said with a bright smile. "I… uh… do I really need them? Or, rather, deserve them?" "Nico," Reyna started. "I tore off the lower part of my dress for you. What was once floor-length is now knee-length. I think you deserve presents more than any other demigod." Jason nodded in agreement, grinning slightly at Nico. "We're your friends, Nico. We're gonna give you birthday gifts." Nico smiled, noticing their hopeful faces. "Thanks… I guess." His cheeks tainted a faint pink. "Thanks a lot." Nico sighed as he pulled his sneakers off, sitting on the edge of the couch. The others had managed to fall asleep not too long before, with Percy and Annabeth voting to take the first watch. (Leo had doubted that they would actually be watching for monsters, but then Percy reminded him that his mother was in the apartment, and he didn't exactly want her walking in on a make-out session between himself and Annabeth, so that convinced him.) Just as he was about to turn and lie down beside Will and catch a few hours' rest before it was his turn to watch, he heard him speak. "I'm sorry." Nico turned his head slightly, his eyes adjusting to see a pair of blue orbs staring at him in the dark. He smiled slightly, shaking his head. "I thought you were asleep?" "I can't really sleep easily in a foreign place…" the blonde sat up, sighing. "Which is kind of a problem when you're a demigod, to be honest." Nico frowned ever so slightly, though he couldn't help but agree with Will's statement. "Anyway… what are you sorry for?" "For the gods-awful birthday dinner." Nico had to hold back a laugh, managing to suppress it to a snort. "What so funny?" Nico smiled widely at Will, quiet for a moment or two before he explained. "It's just that… well, I've never really celebrated a birthday before," he admitted. "Either that, or I don't remember it. This is the first time that anyone's ever really done anything like this for me." Will's eyebrows rose at that. "Really?" "Yeah. And… well, it's the best birthday I've ever had." "Really?" "Really." "Even with the monster attack?" "Will, especially with the monster attack. I mean, look at where we've ended up." He gestured to the room around him, where all of his friends lay, sleeping. Hazel was curled up at Frank's side, her hair serving as a pillow for him. Reyna had a whole couch to herself, which she had won only after three games of rock-paper-scissors with Leo (granted, she'd thought it stupid at first, but when she'd won, she deemed the game accurate and announced loudly that Victory favoured her over the other demigod, which hadn't pleased Leo at all since he'd been there to save Nike in the first place), Jason and Piper were curled up together on the floor by Reyna's couch, Piper dozing on his chest whist he rested his head on a pillow, and Leo and Calypso had a blanket draped over them. "I've ended up spending my birthday with my friends – all of my friends. Even if it's at Percy's mom's house. Do you really think I'm disappointed about this?" Before Will could continue, he lay down on the couch, pulling the son of Apollo down with him. "Besides, I get to curl up beside you for the whole night, right? Do you really think I'd be mad about this?" Will chuckled slightly, rolling his eyes at Nico, before ruffling his hair a little. "Okay, okay, you have a point." Nico grinned, before resting his head on Will's shoulder. "I know." Will scoffed, and the two lay there quietly for a few moments, just relishing in the silence within the room. "Will?" "Hmmm?" "Thanks. For everything." "…You're welcome, Nico." "'Night." "Good night, Nico." The next day, at camp, Nico did receive the presents as promised: A couple of new black t-shirts from Piper, a dagger designed by Annabeth that had been crafted by Leo along with The Exorcist , a sketch of himself from Hazel (co-signed by Frank, as the male had had no idea what to get Nico), some homemade shirts from Calypso (which were also black and actually very comfortable), a pair of what seemed to be very sturdy boots from Reyna (in black… pretty much everyone knew that Nico loved black)… …and, from the two males who clearly hadn't got the memo, a moped from Percy and Jason. Not that Nico didn't love the skull designs on the vehicle itself. It was just that, well… "Guys, I'm fourteen ." "Wh—oh yeah…" "Whoops – our bad." So... review?