short of height steps up. The blond named Apollo steps up and walks towards her. He's got blond curly hair, a muscular build and bright blue eyes. He was the one that reminded me of Will. "Piper McLean; number 14568, you're with Annabeth Chase." A blonde, pretty girl with long, bouncy curls and stormy gray eyes steps up and Piper makes her way to her. "Clarisse La Rue; number 13986, you're with Chris Rodriguez." A guy with a lean frame, brown hair and light brown eyes steps forward and Clarisse makes her way towards him, a scowl on her face. "Leo Valdez; number 13894, you're with Jason Grace." Grace, the same name as the other girl, were they siblings? A blond with blue eyes and tan skin and a small scar on his upper lip stepped up. Leo made his way over to him and I noticed how small Leo looked compared to Jason, especially since Jason was muscular. "Silena Beauregard; number 16345, you're with Charles Beckendorf." "Call me Beckendorf though." A guy who was African American with light brown hair and light brown eyes, a very muscular build, as if he played football and tall stature stepped up. "Amber Lockser; number 21346, you're with Will Solace." "And I'm here." Will suddenly appeared behind us and Amber followed. Amber was a girl with straight long, golden blonde hair, it showered her back like a curtain and baby blue eyes with peach skin. "Adam Fernandez; number 23681, you're with Reyna Avila Rameriz-Arellano." "Quite the reunion huh, sis?" Adam said as he passed by Rose and walked towards a girl with dark chestnut brown hair, dark brown eyes and a fit build. "Luke Castellan; number 13418, you're with me." Rose said. "And finally, Percy Jackson; number 34519, you're with Nico di Angelo." I looked up and saw the beautiful boy I had fallen in love with in the train. At first I was relieved... to see he was fine, alright and not hurt. But then, it sunk in that he was an Enforcer. His dark brown eyes that had been so dull on the train looked at me, in disgust. A horrible scowl marred his beautiful features. He looked down at me and his brown eyes regarded me coldly. No, it couldn't be. This couldn't be the beautiful boy I fell in love with, right? This man in front of me was a double... he had to be. How could that beautiful face make such a horrible look of pure disgust. Those dark brown eyes that had seemed warm made me want to look away. He didn't even know me and here he was judging me. And I hated him. I hated him because in his eyes, I was seen as nothing other than scum. His dark brown eyes that I had found so beautiful and now were nothing but ugly pools of mud, looked down on me. The message was clear as day. Welcome to hell you sea green eyed killer. AACF- Attica Annex Correctional Facility Criminals are transported through a special train with Enforcers on board, some disguised as criminals. ACE- Attica Crime Enforcers They're the police, the ones who keep everything in order with the help of the hounds. AECPC- Attica Enforcer Corporation & Patrol Center The building where Enforcers and Patrols work, take on missions, work on cases, sort of like a police station in our world. AATO System or Anna - Attica Alpha Tribeka Omega The system that was placed in both the community of Attica and Tribeka when these two communities were given the go. These communities were founded by Gaea, 30 years ago and are still in testing mode. People across America were invited, welcomed to come in and start life anew in this community where everything was tolerated and everyone was accepted. Anna was created by Gaea and a group of scientist, she works all around Attica and Tribeka, acting as the command system that powers the community. Anna chooses a list of jobs to present to a person after they graduate high school so that a person could narrow down their focus into certain categories while attending college. Once out of a college, Anna has a job space open for the graduate. Tribeka The sister community run by Atlas, Gaea's right hand man. Just like Attica, Tribeka is run peacefully, worry-free. In both Attica and Tribeka, everything is safe! Let's learn about the Enforcers... Enforcers and Hounds have a bracelet or wristband that can read a person's psycho stat or hue. Hounds are the criminals or latent criminals who work under the Enforcers. They were caught doing something illegal or were charged, they took a test before entering the AACF and based on that test were sent to the branch of the AACF where they train for a month to become hounds. Hounds do the dirty work; i.e killing a person instead of making the Enforcer do it since their psycho hue is already damaged. They live with the Enforcer they are partnered up with for three years until they are deemed trustworthy enough to live on their under own under the AECPC building. TG- Transform Gun It's connected to the bracelet/wristband and whatever number of a person's hue/stat the wristband/bracelet reads, the TG will transform to the appropriate mode to take down the person, who is a danger to the community. Stun- to stun a person who's psycho stat is between 100-200 for 30 minutes until they can be detained and brought to therapy as recommended by Anna. Sting- shoots an electric sting so strong a person blacks out because of the pain. Only to be used on a person with the psycho hue of 200-300 Doom- only to be used for a person who is beyond help, with the psycho stat of 300 and up. It will kill the person, a blue orb that once contact with a person's body will blow up the body. Only the hounds use this mode.