to the class buildings. "Huh?" "Your ability Percy," Grover explained, "What's your ability?" "Oh!" I exclaimed," I have crazy fast reflexes." They both nodded, impressed. "So much better than mine," Grover mumbled. "What are you here for?" I asked him. He looked down at the ground. Nico snickered. "When I play the reeds plants grow," he mumbled. Nico continued to snicker. "It never gets old." "Shut up Nico." Grover grumbled. I turned to Nico. "What's your ability?" I asked. He smiled proudly, "I can disappear into shadows" he said. "Wow," I replied. That's a cool ability. Grover mumbled something about 'rubbing it in'. We walked up to a big, stone building. It was beautiful with skylights on the top and many windows. One wing of the building was all windows. Plants and shrubbery grew all around the building like a courtyard. To the side of a building was a beautiful, ivy covered wall. Through a rose-covered stone arch I could see a stunning garden inside. Engraved in the top of the large building at the door was επιστήμη . Somehow in the back of my mind I knew that meant Science. We followed a crowd of other kids up a few stairs and in a massive double-door. As everything else about the building, the inside was spectacular. Multicolored plants grew in every corner of the giant room, and exotic birds flew above our heads from rafter to rafter. No one else seemed to notice though. "There are more people than I thought." I said as someone swerved past me. "As in every school," Nico pointed out. "True." My eyes went to a cute girl with brown hair that brushed past me through the crowd. She was cute in your typical "girl next door" way with big, green eyes and athletic body. "The girls are cute at least," I noted out loud. Nico took one look at the brown-haired girl and laughed. "You ain't seen nothing yet," he assured me. The dense crowd of people seemed to thin out a bit as we stopped. I trained my eyes on the ground, trying to make sure I didn't trip over anything. Last thing I needed was to fall flat on my face the first day of school, right? It's like and foreshadowing of a horrible school year. I looked up at Nico and Grover walking in front of me. First 30 minutes of the day, and I have 2 friends already. Maybe this school wasn't going to be like all the others. Maybe this meant that I was going to fit in, not be expelled. Now that would make my mom happy. I jerked my head up at the sound of someone laughing. I instantly felt the need to smooth my hair down at what I saw. The group of the most gorgeous girls I had ever seen came walking down the hall, talking and laughing. There were only three of them, but they all radiated confidence and beauty as they shared a joke with each other. The girl on one end had spiky black hair and electrifying blue eyes. She was the tallest of the three, and the most independent looking. She had sharp features and an athletic build that radiated "don't mess with me" to the third degree. The one on the other end was much softer-looking than the other. She had long, wavy brown hair and pretty green eyes. Her features were soft and pretty; she was the shortest of the three. She looked as though she was the shy, stereotypical "girl next door". But it was the middle one that made me want to stare. She had long, blonde princess curls pulled into a ponytail, but some stray pieces framed her face. She also had an athletic, graceful build that made you keep looking. She looked like your average California girl, except a lot prettier. The blonde girl laughed at something the spiky haired girl said, and out of everyone in the entire crowd, her eyes swiveled to meet mine. I almost gasped when I saw her eyes. They were startling gray. She stopped talking to the other girl all together and our eyes stayed locked. There was something about them, just like the rest of her. They were odd, out of place. But they were beautiful beyond belief. Our eyes stayed locked as she walked past me. She was analyzing me; her eyes seemed to bore straight through me. It was like there was nothing I could hide, nothing she couldn't see. After she passed she broke eye contact and continued to walk. I picked her out from the crowd of people as she and her friends made their way to the large door. Before exiting the building, she took one last look at me. Our eyes locked one last time before she was pushed out the door. Nico caught my stare. "Like what you see?" he joked. I stood there, unable to tear my eyes from the door. "Who was that?" I breathed. "The most popular girls in school," Grover answered, "Sweet as can be, so I've heard at least . I've never actually talked to one of them. " "No, the one in the middle," I corrected "Annabeth Chase?" Nico asked. People brushed past me on both sides, telling me to move it, but I stood stationary. "Annabeth…" I repeated. Grover grabbed my arm and pulled me forward," Come one Percy, we'll be late for class." "What's she here for?" I asked, urging my legs foreword. "No one really knows," Grover answered," She doesn't really tell anyone." "Not to mention she's great at everything ." Nico pointed out ,"But no one knows where she came from. She's clearly American though. Smart and caring. She won't put up with anyone bullying another." "Huh," we walked into the science room. Annabeth Chase… Was it good enough for Goode? Should I keep going? REVIEW PLEASE! I HAVE TIME TO UPDATE TOMARROW IF I GET ENOUGH REVIEWS! ******Updated 1/3/12******