But with the powers the Fates had given him, he had a literal sixth sense about women now, and he knew now that Annabeth was at her breaking point, she needed him more than she needed anything in that moment, and if he fucked her right, she would never want anything but him and to please him, regardless of any binding she would have to him, she would be his. He had watched her attempts to draw him in, waiting for her lust to boil over, like it was now. Zeus' hands reached to cup Annabeth's fun bags, his hands not even close to covering them. He grazed his thumbs over her erect nipples, her back arching to find more pleasure. Then at once, he released a light spark of lightning, straight into her soft orbs. At the same he slammed ruthlessly into Annabeth's eager cunt, grazing the back of her womb. He pulled to the tip and hammered back into her, molding the tight tunnel to his liking. Annabeth's eyes rolled back into her head, another wave of pleasure rolling out from her brutalized pussy. She felt Zeus' thick manhood rubbing against her G-spot, giving shocks of pure bliss, Percy had never been able to do this; she hadn't ever had her G-spot hit in sex, let alone her womb! Zeus pulled his slut's ass up more, giving him a new angle of penetration with smaller quicker strokes, his cock now slamming straight along her G-spot and pounding right against her cervix. Annabeth head snapped up, grey eyes staring directly into his lightning blue ones, "I love you, sweet fuck, I love you!" she screamed before her body shook violently before cumming, her juices squirting out of cunt, covering the Olympian throne room in her cum. A jet blasted out, hitting Zeus' cum filled balls. He responded, pre-cum leaking out, more than a normal man would cum normally. Annabeth felt Zeus' sign of arousal going right up against her cervix, making her cum harder. Zeus paused, letting Annabeth ride out her first female ejaculation. He lifted her trembling body and carried her over to an Olympian throne, Athena's. He lay her torso on the throne, her tits pressed roughly against her face, goose bumps rising from the cool marble of her mother's throne. Zeus mercilessly shoved his cock back into the halfblood's still sensitive cunt, her mind overwhelmed with the pleasure. "WHO DARES CLAIM THE SEAT OF ATHE-"The goddess of wisdom was rendered speechless by what she saw in her daughter's mind. She had resigned herself to becoming the mother in law of the sea spawn, so when she saw a whirlwind of pleasure in Annabeth's mind, all centered around Zeus, King of the Gods and her father. Her rage calmed for now, she sent an observer, a snowy owl called Hedwig. She possessed the owl as her symbol, and watched in shock, and though she would never admit it-arousal- at what she saw. "Take my godly dick you whore!" Zeus grunted at the sweaty girl beneath him, plowing her with his cock as his heavy balls slammed into her sensitive snatch, sending bolts of pleasure through her clit. While taking her from behind, he penetrated deep into her, his cockhead pushing roughly against the back of her womb, threatening to break her overworked pussy. "Gods above, you're so deep inside me! Don't stop my lord, don't ever stop fucking your pet!" the once proud girl screamed eagerly to the surprise of her mother. Annabeth had always been independent and prudish honestly. Seeing her like this made her wonder what Zeus was capable of, having her favourite daughter being plowed like a common whore. Annabeth's head was slumped onto her mother's throne, drool pooling on the priceless marble, a nearly comatose expression of ecstasy plastered on her face as she lived through a continuous orgasm from this god of fuck who was mounting her like the bitch she was to him. Zeus could feel his orgasm building, and he had noticed Athena's spy in the throne room for the past half hour. He decided to give his brain child a show. He concentrated briefly, sending a shock of electricity along his cock, making Annabeth feel something completely new, and completely ecstasy inducing. She moaned loudly, blacking out for a moment as even her newly immortal mind was overwhelmed by euphoric pleasure. She awoke to Zeus' final thrusts, powerful and brutal. He slammed his cock all the way into Annabeth's womb, before roaring and blasting his thick baby batter into her eager and fertile womb. Annabeth felt her master's seed filling, and then bloating her womb, until a bulge was visible on her toned stomach. Her willing cunt was filled to the brim, and when Zeus pulled his massive dick completely out of her for the first time in an hour and a half, he slapped his cock between Annabeth's full ass cheeks, continuing to blast his load over her back and into her platinum blonde hair. With a final roar, his aura infused seed blasted over Annabeth's back, straight onto Athena's throne, her symbol of power. He looked down at the girl beneath him, her binding complete. Now all her children would be loyal to him forever. As Zeus lifted the girl then vanished all his cum on her body into a jar labeled 'Breakfast', he failed to notice his seed being absorbed by Athena's throne, glowing briefly in blue, the colour of lust. Zeus teleported to his palace, placing Annabeth in his bed before passing out next to her. Zeus wasn't awake to see Thalia enter the palace, getting access as a child of Zeus. She walked into his room, finding her father, and to her surprise, her naked best friend, who looked more satisfied than she had though possible. She took a long glance at Zeus' soft cock, mistaking it for hard, before shaking herself out of her stupor, and running out. But she would be back.