you?" He asked as he hefted his club defensively, now prepared for any sudden attack. The man simply raised a hand and Alcyoneus watched as his spear flew back into his hand. "My name is Perseus, but you may call me Percy." Something stirred in Alcyoneus's mind, a warning, but it was hazy. Bringing his club up, he grinned. "Well Percy, you've shown me flaws in my fighting. For that, I will grant you a slightly less painful death." Slamming is club down, he smashed through the ice below them. Percy dodged the club, bringing his spear to bear as he twirled around Alcyoneus's legs. The giant tried to step on Percy like he was an ant, but Percy weaved in and out, stabbing at his legs. The giant howled as the spearheads punctured his skin. Enraged once more, Alcyoneus started swinging side to side, hoping to send Percy flying. Percy dove forward, sliding up against an icy wall as Alcyoneus cornered him. The giant grinned victoriously as he cornered the man. "Time to die, demigod." Percy cocked his head as he stood once more, analyzing the giant. "Didn't I tell you that I wasn't related to some stupid god?" Alcyoneus snorted indifferently as he brought his club down. Percy somehow dodged it once more, and the club smashed through the wall. The cave seemed to groan as both walls were now weak. Percy looked to Michael, who was surrounded by monsters at this point and nearing his death. Watching the monsters swarm him, Percy turned back to the giant. "I hope you realize that I didn't intend to win." The giant stopped, confusion on his face as Percy snapped his fingers. The ice at their feet started cracking and breaking. The walls began to tumble and the ceiling collapse on itself. "You do not think that I simply resided here, with no way of protection or escape?" Percy said to the giant as he backed towards the exit. Alcyoneus tried to rush him, but the ice below his feet finally exploded and opened up a massive hole. Alcyoneus slipped, and fell through the ground, screaming in rage. The ceiling finally caved in, chunks of ice crashing into the ground. Michael Varus and the monsters near the cavern were crushed, dying instantly. Percy dove through the exit, rolling onto a knee and observing the destruction of the cave. He was on the opposite side of a giant hill, the other side being the entrance to the cave network. Turning around, Percy saw the remaining demi-gods huddled together to protect against the cold. The moon was high in the sky, shining down on them. Percy walked towards the group, analyzing their expressions and posture. "Is Michael ok? Where is he?" Adam asked as he stepped forward to Percy. Percy notice how Sarah moved to be behind Adam, leaving Percy with a small amount of sympathy. The girl was scared. "Michael is dead." Percy said, conveying no emotion. Adam just nodded, sniffing a bit as if he expected it. The others all looked down sadly, as there was now only four of them left. "I thank you for helping in my escape, even if it was at the cost of your comrades. But I suggest that you return to where ever you come from. That monster won't be stopped for long." Percy continued, before reaching a hand to Adams shoulder. "I do not know whether we fall upon the same side, but I will remember your honor. You protected your friends at your own risk, no small thing to do. They look up to you now, especially that girl. Get them home safely." He told Adam softly, who looked up with a fire in his eyes. "What I did was something that any true Roman would've done. There should be no recognition for an act that is supposed to happen." "Maybe. But that girl trust you now. You've earned her trust and admiration. Don't lose it." Percy turned and walked away from the group, who watched the retreating figure. "Wait! Where are you going? How do we get home?" Brandon yelled. Percy simply turned and gave a chuckle, his voice carrying. "Follow the path you took to come here." He soon disappeared from sight, leaving the four Romans alone. "What do we do? We've lost everything- everything." Sarah asked. Brandon and their fourth comrade, Dayton nodded. Adam looked at his friends before speaking. "We return to New Rome. We may have lost the honor of our Cohort, but we still have the chance to regain our personal honor." With that, he started trekking back towards the path the came to Alaska from, where a ship would be waiting somewhere. "And the Greek?" Brandon asked. Adam snorted as raised an eyebrow. "What about him?" -00- Percy kept walking until the sun was high in the sky. Taking a breather to remove his armor, he ran a hand through his black hair. He did not know much of anything about this new world. And from what he gathered, he's been gone for a long time. Grinning to himself, Percy picked up his armor and kept walking, as his gut told him he was heading in the right direction. Not even an hour later, and Percy himself passing a sign, which he struggled to read. His brain hurt from trying to learn new languages instantaneously, but the headache was dulling. Reading the sign, Percy said to himself, "Canada. Huh, what an odd name." -00- That's a wrap. This idea came to me randomly, and once I started typing I couldn't really stop myself. This wasn't one of my planned stories, but since I haven't posted any new ones I guess they can chill on the back burner. Also, just as a hint (HINT HINT), Percy only knows of one group of gods. So any kind of god in his opinion is not good. Tell me what you thought, and if I should continue this story.