her heart beat faster and her breathing turned erratic. She spotted Thalia and Luke by the swings looking uncharacteristically happy. "What happened?" Thalia grinned. "You're going to love this, girl." Luke laughed and led Annabeth over to the monkey bars. "Surprise!" There chained to the rusted iron bars was Percy Jackson. His hair was just as untamed as always and his white button down was open to his chest, revealing the smooth skin and sculpted abs. His features were beautiful and chiselled. "You claimed him and now, you can kill him yourself," Luke said. He handed Annabeth's dagger to her. Annabeth stared at Percy wordlessly. How...? Percy looked up at her and Annabeth saw that he was smiling at her calmly, inviting her to stake him. And Annabeth was shivering inside as she stood between her friends and Percy. "Do it Annabeth! " Percy's voice spoke in her mind and she stumbled back in shock. "I cant!" Percy shook his head, his eyes sparkling like gems in the moonlight. "You started this. You have to end it." Annabeth glared at him. "I will NOT! You can't tell me what to do!" Beside her Thalia looked confused. "Annabeth? Go on!" Annabeth ignored her as she spoke to Percy. Percy's lips pulled up in a sardonic smile. " It's going to happen anyway. It's either you or your friends. And I'd rather you kill me." "Shut up, Percy! Please... We can find a way." "I don't think so..." "Annabeth. What is happening?" Luke muttered, looking at her shivering hands. "Hey are you crying?" Annabeth realised that tears had leaked from her eyes and were now rolling down her cheek in agony. "I won't do it! I can't!" Thalia and Luke exchanged incredulous looks. "Annabeth, what is going on?" Annabeth whimpered as she dropped her dagger and shook her head. "I can't..." "WHY?!" Annabeth shuddered as she prepared to give them the answer. Most importantly, she had to tell it to Percy and herself. So she looked at Percy, still in chains and whipered the three fateful words, "I love you." And then all hell broke lose. '''''''',,,,,,,''''''' Precisely two hours of yelling and cursing later, Luke had driven Thalia, Annabeth and Percy home. He had made them sit around the living room and finally beagan the talk. "Tell me you were kidding Annabeth," Thalia pleaded. Annabeth looked at Percy who was lounging on the leather couch and then at her interlocked fingers before shaking her head. "I wish I could, but I'd be lying." Luke groaned in anger and punched the wall. "What the heck Annabeth?! How could you love a monster?" Annabeth brushed away the tears that had formed before it could roll down. "You can't choose who you fall in love with." Thalia and Luke remained in silence as they seethed in anger. Finally Luke looked up, his eyes filled with sadness. "You what this means, don't you?" Annabeth's neck closed up as fresh tears threatened to fall. She nodded her head gently. "If you want Percy, you have to kill me first. Go ahead." At once Percy sprang up to his feet looking furious. "This is absurd. If you want me, you can kill me." He snatched a pencil lying on the table and held it to his heart. "One push, that should do it." "Will you both SHUT UP!" Thalia cried banging her fist on the table angrily. "You, how could you think we would want to kill you?" she cried turning to Annabeth. "You should." "For heaven's sake, shut up. We have one proposition, Annabeth." Luke had stormed over to her. "Yes?" "Go away. Take your vampire lover and go away where we can't find you," Luke snapped. Annabeth sat silently for a few minutes before opening her mouth. "Is this the only way?" Thalia walked over and hugged her friend. "The best way, Annie." Annabeth sniffled as she threw her arms around Thalia. "I'm going to miss you, Thals." "I know!" Annabeth held out a hand to Luke who took it hesitantly. "You too, Luke." Luke's eyes turned red with sorrow as he pulled Annabeth into a crushing hug against his chest. "Go, Annabeth. Be happy." He then turned to Percy. "You better keep her happy, or I'll hunt you down and stake you." Percy leaned against the wall and shoved his hands into his jean pockets, amusement flitting across his features as he smiled at Luke. "Annabeth knows how to take care of herself. She'd rather stake me herself than come crying to you." Luke glared at Percy before slowly cracking a smile. "Yeah, that's Annabeth." Annabeth rolled her eyes as she went to stand beside Percy. "This is it. Goodbye guys." Thalia waved sadly and Luke nodded as Percy took Annabeth's hand and led her out. They walked in silence, the darkness their only companion. Annabeth's head buzzed with confusion and heart felt heavy with sadness and unbridled sorrow. She couldn't believe that she was leaving Luke and Thalia, her friends of several years for a vampire like Percy who she had met only a month ago. A month ago, Annabeth wouldn't have dreamed of even talking to a vampire. But then Percy came and she'd fallen in love with him. How did her life turn so ironical? She was so lost in her own thoughts when Percy stopped and turned to Annabeth. "I think I forgot something." Annabeth's brows furrowed. "What?" "This." Percy pulled Annabeth into a kiss under the starlit sky, pretty much sealing their fates together. "I love you, Annabeth." And any shadow of doubt that remained, dissipated into mist as Annabeth stared into her soul mate's eyes. "I love you too." And as they walked together, Annabeth knew that as long as she was with Percy, nothing mattered. Ta da ! Please REVIEW, if you have been wondering about me abandoning my other stories, don't worry. I'm extremely busy and I promise I'll update when I can! Just please REVIEW!