to all of our favorite songs written on one sie, it's got Blue Cherry Coke graffitied on the other, and on the back there is a realistic stage with a light shining in one place. There are drawings of Will signing, Beckendorf playing on drums, Lee on bass, Micheal wearing a guitar, and me, also playing the guitar, all haphazardly drawed in the car. It's a real beauty. We all sit down in the car, Micheal sitting in the driver's seat, Silena claiming shotgun as she said before, leaving the rest of us to sit down in the back where our instruments were. There were no seats in the back as we took them out so we could keep our instruments there. Lee got some beers out of the cooler and tossed some to Beck, Silena, himself and I. I know I shouldn't be drinking and all of those things, but I'm under adult supervision and I've never gotten drunk before. I normally have some beer on Fridays and Saturdays, so I'll drink a maximum of 2 a week. Plus I drink slowly, in small sips, and I actually quite like it. I don't do it because it makes me look cool, but I drink it to enjoy it. I take a sip and brace myself for the speedbump I know is coming. We jump but no one really minds as we always take this path to get to the abandoned warehouse that we practice in always. We talk for the rest of the ride, until we arrive at our destination. We get our instruments and smile. We enter the warehouse energized for practise. The warehouse is pretty much a small warehouse that was abandoned in the 90's. There was once before a restaurant there, but it was unsuccessful and the owners had left, leaving it for perfect use. It had a kitchen, a bar, and some tables that have chairs stacked on top of them. We went to the corner where there was a trapdoor leading to the basement where we practiced. Once we were all down in the basement, I looked around and smiled at the decorated basement. We painted it red, with small lights adorning the walls. There are crates that were all pushed in a corner of the room, though we did use some to make desks and chairs. We had a bulletin board and two folders where we had songs, either finished or unfinished. Micheal had taken the time to create a bookcase where we kept books or poem books where we get inspired, and we have a sweet vinyl player and a mirror for Silena, who's practically apart of the band almost. We set up our equipment and prepare to practice as Beck counts to start. I breathe in, close my eyes, bite my lip and wait for Beck to finish counting. I open my eyes on 2, prepare my stance on 3, and smirk on 4. Then we rock. After three hours of non-stop practice, we're sweating, Beck's managed to break another pair of drumsticks, and Lee needs a new bass string, which we fix immediatley because we have extra strings. I'm drained, and I really want to go to sleep right now, even if it's only 10 at night. "You guys did great." Silena compliments us with a fond smile. She hugs Beck and helps him put his drums back in his case. I look at my blue and black electric Gibson guitar, which I have named Sally to honour my Mom. I put it back in it's case and we start to leave. When we get back to the van, it takes us a moment to store all of our instruments, seeing as we have alot of things. As soon as we get in the car, we take out the beer that we didn't finish drinking and start to finish it now. Lee raises his beer. "Cheers for another great practice." We all whoop and raise our beers too, clinking them and drinking them. "Tomorrow, we are going to rock the casbah!" He says, quoting a song from The Clash. We all laugh at his joke. "We are going to do it!" I say and we all whoop loudly, excitement in our veins. "We will rock, until we can't rock anymore!" Beck exclaims, and that sends us whooping again. Suddenly I got an idea for a new song. "Guys!" I grinned at them. "New song idea!" I exclaim. They all smile and we brace ourselves for another bump. "Well the sing it then!" Silena encourages me and the guys agree. "Yeah, come on!" Micheal shouts. "Okay, okay." I smile. I start stomping my feet twice, then I clap once. Stomp twice, clap once. I get a beat going and soon everyone's starting to do it with me. " We will we will rock you. " I sing. " We will we will rock you ." I repeat, and soon everyone's singing it. I raise my hand telling them to stop singing for a moment, but continue with the beat. " Buddy your a boy make a big noise Playin' in the street gonna be a big man some day You got mud on yo face You big disgrace Kickin your can all over the place Singin' " I gestured them to sing and they started singing again. I stopped the beat and pretty soon they stopped. There was chorus full of 'yeah's and 'that was amazing!' filled the car and I blushed. "No biggie." I muttered and started writing the rest in my small, notebook that I keep in my pocket always just in case inspiration strikes, like now. I looked up and smiled. I was so glad that these guys found me. That's it for now! I've been writing for four hours and it's two am and tomorrow I have a hockey game but oh well. It's worth it if it means writing. Thanks for your patience and attention! ~Fanficgirl357