into a boulder. "Goodbye." she said. Before Bryce could react Reyna buried his sword hilt deep into his shoulder cutting through the stone like it was butter. Bryce screamed in pain. Nico tried to pinpoint the sound of the screaming while Percy was in the Styx. Nico soon realized that the scream was coming from the Fields of Punishment and decided to ignore it. Bryce wailed in agony but soon his screamed seemed to morph into a laugh and then a crazy howl of laughter. Reyna watched in horror as Bryce Lawrence went insane. Bryce was laughing hysterically now as he grabbed the hilt of his sword and ripped it out of himself. "Now." Bryce said in a higher voice. "Where were we." he said. "Right about here." Reyna said as she smashed one of Persephone's pearls that Jason had given her as a means of escape. Bryce pulled his hands off of the two demigods. Nico and Reyna stared at the son of Orcus. "Reyna made you go insane." Nico said shocked. "Sane. Sane. Sane. Sane. Sane." Bryce repeated over and over again. "Please stop." Reyna said sobbing. Bryce looked at her with his shattered mad eyes. "Nah I think I'll keep saying it until you die oh how fun that will be huh."Bryce said laughing. Bryce walked towards Nico with his sword out. the same sword that sealed his fate and drove him insane. "Let's start with your death I'm thinking a little off the top." Bryce said as he placed his sword against Nico's forehead. "Hey cupcake." a voice rang out. Bryce turned just in time to get smacked upside the head with Hedge's baseball bat. He went flying into the nearby fountain. "Oh are you ready satyr? I'm tired of hunting these filthy demigods." Bryce said. "Bring it on shit head." Hedge said as he helped Reyna and Nico up. Bryce raised his hand and a nearby cemetery rose as the entire field became infested with the undead. "Kill them." Bryce yelled and the dead surged forward. Reyna gripped her dagger, Nico had his sword out, Hedge was shaking from excitement as he held his club. "Now." Nico yelled and together they charged the army of undead. Bryce was jumping up and down like a little kid who got an awesome gift. "Kill them. Rip out there heart's. Bring me there heads. tell me what there blood tastes like." Bryce screamed. Hedge, Reyna, and Nico worked like a well oiled machine as if they fought together for years mowing down the dead left and right. When the last zombie was decapitated they all turned to Bryce. Bryce for once actually had a look of fear on his face. "And now...I run away." Bryce said as he disappeared. "Good riddance." Nico said. "We will see him again." Reyna said. "Hopefully dead." Hedge said. Nico nodded "Let's get this statue to New York should only be one jump more and then we are at Camp Half-Blood." Nico said. They all grabbed Nico as he fell into the shadows. They appeared in the fighting Arena right in front of Clarisse and scared the living hell out of her. "God Nico don't do that." Clarisse said. "Sorry we need to get ready for war." Nico said quickly. Clarisse nodded "I was getting some last second training in come on the fight is about to start." You all know what happened with Nico and his driver and his plan so this is right after Octavian is killed. "Goodbye Octavian." Will Solace said as the explosion died down. "OH DI ANGELO. WHERE ARE YOU?" a voice rang out that Nico recognized. Bryce Lawrence was mowing down monsters and demigods alike not caring who he killed. "Shit Will run get out of here." Nico said not wanting his crush to get hurt. Will looked at him a little pained but nodded and ran to join his siblings in the fight. "There you are Niccolo." Bryce's voice rang out. Nico turned and faced the psychotic demigod. "Let's have some fun shall we?" Bryce said. Nico charged him but he easily deflected and countered. He may have been insane but he was one hell of a fighter. Throughout the whole fight he was singing "Ding Dong Octavian's Dead" which was not helping his concentration. Nico made a mistake he lunged and Bryce kicked him so hard that Nico went flying into the forest. Nico quickly regained consciousness and ran away from the battle as he could hear Bryce. "Where are you? Come out and play." Bryce called. Nico hid behind a tree and could hear Bryce's footsteps rush by. Nico sighed in relief but then Bryce appeared right in front of him. "FOUND YOU." he screamed as he started mercilessly punching and kicking Nico. Him singing "London Bridge is falling down" didn't help with the pain. Nico dropped to the ground very close to blacking out he could feel his death close being the son of Hades and all. "Say goodbye." Bryce said as he raised his sword. CHUNK Bryce looked down in shock at the arrow piercing his heart. Will Solace stood up from the tree he was hiding in and ran to Nico to help him up. Bryce dropped to his knees looking at the two demigods. "So this is my punishment?" Bryce asked more to himself. "Killed by a son of Apollo." Bryce chuckled to that and started to laugh hysterically. "NOW THAT'S MADNESS!"Bryce screamed laughing as his life left him and he fell forward the arrow passing through him as he hit the ground. "Nico are you okay?" Will asked Nico nodded hugging the son of Apollo tightly. "Come on let's get you to the infirmary." Will said. Nico looked back at the homicidally insane demigod that now laid dead. "Goodbye Bryce Lawrence." Nico said as Will lead him to his friends and family. The End Huh? What do you think? Not enough stories about Bryce am I right? Please Review.