not important" I told him. He frowned "but we're in front of a doctor's office, obviously something is wrong" Apollo told me irritatedly. Why was he so annoyed I wasn't telling him anything? I sighed "it's only a small list the doctor made for me, I twisted my ankle. It just tells me how to heal it quicker. Nothing important" I lied. He frowned "you okay?" he asked. Wow he really was gullible. I nodded "yeah. I'm fine" I told him putting the "list" carefully in a pocket. "I was just heading out to the diner to eat someone, you want to come?" I asked. He nodded "sure, as much as I don't eat, you mortals have some good food" Apollo told me. I nodded "and come on, we're going the mortal way" I said entering the drivers seat in my car. I had gotten Apollo to dress more "mortal-like" meaning I made him lose the bow and get rid of the stupid sunglasses with his name imprinted on the side. We were seated at a booth with menus placed in front of us. I looked at the menu and decided on a simple burger. I was slightly overwhelmed at the moment and I hated not because able to talk about it. I found oh I had this bond with Apollo where I could finally talk to him and feel comfortable. But at this point that wasn't the case. Sure, I could tell him I was pregnant but that would make things worst for me, besides, how could I lie? How could I lie straight to his face and say "I was having a random man's child" it just felt so wrong. So I decided I'll tell him when I have to, which gives me about another month. But there is no way in hell I'm telling him it's his child. Soon a waiter came. The waiter was a female. She had long blonde-white hair her eyes sparkled a green eye color I've never seen that sparkle. "Hello I am kiara I'm here to take your order" she said in a sweet voice. I nodded "I'll take a hamburger with a side of fries" I told her. Kiara nodded jotting my order down; "I'll take the same thing as her" Apollo said. Kiara nodded again and walked away "oh so now I'm a her" I joked. Apollo rolled his eyes "shut up" Apollo smiled. I leaned forward and leaned my elbows on the table "no can do" I said quietly. Apollo chuckled as he pushed me back slightly "oh come on sweetheart, I know you got it in you" Apollo said softly. I chuckled but I actually felt uncomfortable. Apollo seemed to notice because he took his hand off me and sighed "so, what do you want to talk about?" he asked awkwardly. I shrugged "I'm not entirely sure. Maybe we can discuss our plan" I offered. Apollo nodded "well, so what I was thinking was, you get close to your stepdad again, he'll put his trust into you and then after a while you go in and attack, you'll have to fight him for a little but then I'll come in and finish him off" Apollo said "and of corse there are the little parts like finding out his plan and what he's done with the foresight and such". The plan wasn't flawless. And it got me nervous but I nodded "alright" I said trying to smile "let's go with that" I said. "What's wrong Meg, seriously" Apollo said. I shook my head "it's nothing, at least I don't want to share it right now" I told him. "I understand" he told me. "Thank you" I had finally gotten home and flopped down on my bed and sighed as I took out the picture of the ultrasound and placed it on my bedside table. The picture was facing the table thought, mainly because Apollo had a tendency to just randomly appear at my house. He won't got snooping around but if he see's it then he'll investigate. It had been a long day for me. As much as I enjoyed hanging out with Apollo, today wasn't a good day for me. It was so awkward like we both remembered what happened. And neither of us brought it up again (except for the hangover), I was thankful for that. But, this baby, sure, I already started to fall in love with it, but did I really want it? No, not in my financial condition, I could hardly support myself with my job as a clerk. You'd think I'd become some stupid florist, wouldn't you. Well you were wrong. I'm not a stereotypical child of Demeter. That's when it hit me. This child wouldn't be safe. It had a demigod mother and a God for a father. It was going to be a demigod. And it's life would be in danger. That made me cuss out loud accidentally. I grabbed the picture of the ultrasound and sighed "I'm sorry baby" "He's a Roman emperor, maybe he'd be in Rome" I offered, Apollo nodded "I could assume that but I'm not sure" Apollo told me. I nodded resting my head on my couch. "Where else can he be?" I asked. Apollo shrugged "I don't know honestly, we're was he last time, New York?" Apollo said. I shrugged "I've been all over the five burrows this month. He's nowhere I been" I admitted. Apollo looked at me "where have you been?" he asked "well, I've been to most of the burrows, Staten Island, Manhattan, Brooklyn, you know, places like that. I've been all over those places, easily actually. They're not very big places" I explained. Apollo sighed "well, I guess he's in Rome probably then" Apollo told me "are we going to go there?" I asked. Apollo nodded "do you want to take the long was or use magic?" Apollo asked. I thought for a moment "do you have mortal money?" I asked.