be spent making sure you all have settled in alright. If you have any questions about homework or scheduling, come see me. Otherwise, you have an hour before school starts." A hushed murmur took over the class as conversations were started. Percy started scribbling numbers again, Grover was researching for an English paper, Nico was still staring at his paper, with a few more lines written, and Leo was… Leo. Leo had taken out a pre-half written paper and had put it in front of him, to make it look like he was doing something, when he actually wasn't. 'Quite ingenious, really, ' thought Percy. Hazel was writing on a sheet of paper while Clarisse and Reyna talked about the same English assignment as Grover. At table one, almost no work was getting done. Thalia was reprimanding her brother Jason about not turning in a Math assignment, despite her not turning it in either. Annabeth was at least trying to write, but Luke kept trying to hold her hand. Piper was talking to Mrs. Chase in a quiet voice, so no one could hear. "Mrs. C, I'm concerned about Jason, " said Piper. She had a frown on her face, but had turned her back to the rest of the class. "Why do you say that Piper?" Replied Mrs. Chase, concern in her eyes. Piper hesitated, "Well, with him becoming the captain of the basketball team, and the Junior Varsity team wanting him next year, I'm worried that his grades will slip." "Piper, that is probably why he is here. This is Study Club. His parents probably signed him up just for that reason." "No, you don't understand. He has a C in two classes, and B's in the rest other than PE. If his grades get any worse, he won't be able to play. The only reason he's here is because Luke said it would be extra time with me. Can you help him?" Mrs. Chase gazed into Piper's eyes, "I will try. I can't say that he'll accept my help immediately, but I'll see what I can do." Piper sagged in relief, "Thanks Mrs. C" Athena Chase nodded, then scribbled down some notes on a notepad. Check in with Jason. Offer extra study time. In the relative quietness of the classroom, a loud yelp shattered the quietness. Heads turned towards table one. Thalia and Jason were staring at Annabeth, as well as the rest of the class. Her face turned a darker grey, blushing. Luke was right next to her, holding in a laugh quite poorly. Everyone slowly went back to work, but not without a fair amount of strange looks towards Annabeth. The still blushing girl turned towards Luke, "Don't do that! I'm ticklish!" She whisper-yelled. Luke grinned widely, "What, like this?" He took his hand and squeezed her thigh over her leggings. She squeaked, just quiet enough that only they heard. Annabeth blushed a darker grey and swatted his hand away. Over at table three, Percy noticed Leo was having quite the battle with a pair of sticky notes and a pipe cleaner. "Hey, uh, Leo? You need some help?" Percy asked, not really sure if he should. Leo perked up, "Yeah! Okay so I need you to hold the pipe cleaner flat, yeah like that. Then I take the sticky notes and stab them through, like that. Mmmhmm. Yep, then we add a few more, and two note cards for stability, and voila!" On the table lay a pipe cleaner with five sticky notes and two note cards stabbed through it about one third of the way up. Leo then took one of his paper clip chains and attached it with a roll of duct tape. "Wait hold on, where'd you get that?" Percy asked. Leo smiled a smile to make a cheshire cat envious, and merely patted his tool belt. Then he locked eyes with Percy and made a 'shush' gesture with his finger. Leo ducked down out of his chair, and crawled to table two. Hazel was on the side closer to Percy, and was too immersed in her book so she didn't notice Leo. He then tossed the mini sword back to Percy, still holding the chain. In a magnificent show of engineering, luck, and precision, Leo managed to swing the chain through the air, sailing the sword like a kite, and stab it right through the paper that Mrs. Chase was inspecting. Naturally, the class was in shock, most of all Mrs. Chase. Leo snickered from his new hiding spot, unfortunately louder than he meant to, and Hazel yelped when she saw a boy right next to her feet. Leo jumped at being discovered, and slammed his head on the table, causing the shock in the classroom to break and laughter to fill the air. Percy laughed in disbelief at the look on Mrs. Chase's face, a mixture of anger and laughter, and just decided to focus on his Math homework. Luckily, Leo was saved from further embarrassment because the bell rang, signaling the start of first period. As Percy walked out of the class with Grover by his side, he watched all the kids in Mrs. C's room file out. 'This is gonna be one hell of a year.' Percy thought. Oh how right he was. Hey guys, Nerd here. I've been gone for a loooong time. Sorry bout that. Kinda lost motivation to write another story, but I'm back. Anyway, away with all of that negative stuff, into the mysterious questions of which I don't even know the answers to. Will Jason's grades improve or will he be kicked off of the football team and basketball team? Will Percy be able to come true about his crush with Annabeth? Will Luke make a move on Annabeth before Percy does? FIND OUT NEXT TIME ON DRAGON BALL Z- wait this isn't Dragon Ball. But seriously guys I'm sorry I was gone but I'm back so see ya next chapter! o/