know which one is true. "You aren't serious, are you?" he questions, cautiously. A passive expression masks his face, but Annabeth can clearly see into that façade. She has seen almost everything about him that she's aware of the meaning behind each appearance. "I am. I am serious," she answers, more determined. Then, she adds to lighten the mood, "Even though you'd be a horrible wife. Talk about armpit hairs and morning breath." A chuckle bubbles up his throat and he cuddles to her closer. He presses his face to her shoulder and Annabeth instantly knows he's smiling. She is too. She is smiling so wide it's starting to hurt. "You hate my armpit hair, really? I'd pretty myself for you then, husband. Just propose to me, properly," Percy replies, poorly mimicking a woman's voice. Annabeth laughs but plays with him, too. "Oh yes. I gladly would honey. If I only have a ring." "Oh silly. What are Fruity Loops for? Wait here sweetheart. I'll go get 'em." Percy abruptly gets up and goes to his bag for some Fruity Loops. As he searches, he calls out to her. "Just wait there, my Periwinkle." Annabeth loudly groans. "My Periwinkle? Are you kidding me, Percy?" "No. Just go with it, Annabeth." "Okay then, Munchkin." Percy comes back holding a pack Fruity Loops, grinning stupidly. "Did you just say Munchkin, Wise Girl? Munchkin, really?" Annabeth ignores his comment and grabs the pack from him, finding a blue and yellow one. Percy looks at her expectantly. "I'm not kneeling, you idiot. Come over and sit in the couch," she orders him. He happily obliges. When they're already comfortably sitting, Annabeth reaches for Percy's hand and encloses it with her palm. She feels the callouses on his hand, a few scars he got from saving her and she thinks she's never gonna live the same life without this guy. "Hey," Percy says, his voice soft and like home, a familiar ringtone in her ears. A hand gently strokes her cheek and he stares at her with so much affection. "You don't have to do this, Annabeth. I know the pain from your breakup still hurts. We don't have to rush this." "I know. I know." She nods because she understands and she's glad Percy does too. But, she isn't about to be affected by her previous relationships. She's way too focused now on Percy. Foreheads touching and eyes closed, Annabeth whispers, "But, I want to do this now. Besides, do you want me to change my mind?" Percy laughs nervously and he searches her eyes for a second "No. I don't want you to change your mind." Annabeth purposely bumps her nose to his. He thinks it says 'I love you'. She smiles. "Then, marry me." This time, it's Percy who nudges his nose to Annabeth. She thinks it translates to 'I love you, too.' He chuckles. "That sounds like an order, not a proposal." She huffs impatiently and glares at him. "Do you want to marry me or not?" "Of course. Of course." He leans in and kisses her, lips softly brushing against each other. She kisses back, her hands on his neck to pull him closer. And suddenly, everything falls into place. The way he's holding her, his mouth pressed gently to hers, the cliché factor of the moment seems incomparably wonderful. There's something about the spontaneity of the moment, the exact time is all too picture perfect until her nose knocks onto his. He smiles against her lips because it is so cute, and he shifts his head to get a better angle and there it is again. Nosebumping. She laughs and they pull back, foreheads still in contact. Their ragged breathing fills the room as they stare at each other. Percy says after a while. "I hate your nose, really." She laughs again. "Don't worry. My nose says the feeling is mutual." Annabeth then takes his hand as she tries to fit the blue loop ring. It barely grazes his pinky. "Aw. The ring doesn't fit," Annabeth observes as she examines his finger. Percy stares at her with so much adoration and wonders how she couldn't notice it. "Annabeth?" She looks up at him, smiling way too sweet. Percy swears they'd get ant bites later. "Yeah?" "Remember when you asked me about grey colored loops?" She nods, reminiscing the question. "Well, I tried to think about it. I researched so maybe I can find you some, but . . . I found another thing. It's still a loop, but not grey. Instead, it's silver. And you can't eat it. It costs way too much for a hundred pack of Fruity Loops," he confesses as he pulls a small red velvet box from his pocket. Perched on the center of the soft material is a ring, a real silver engagement ring. "I'm just waiting the span of my entire life for this exact moment to ask you so. I-I know I should have proposed to you first, if that's what you're thinking but you-you look so cute in the whole proposal thing that I"—his rambling is cut-off when Annabeth kisses him again, hard. Percy easily responded, with the same amount of fervor. He feels so infinite with this ephemeral moment. His thoughts can't get coherent and all he knows is he doesn't want to stop. They pull back when their oxygen supply runs out and Annabeth encases him in an almost death hug. "Why didn't you tell me?" she questions, breathless. "Because I love you?" "Oh shut up you dumb dork!" He draws her tighter and she hugs him back and maybe Percy can die happy now. (Not that he wants to) They cherish the silence, their steady breathing and heartbeats forming music into their ears. Percy speaks after a few minutes. "Annabeth?" "Yeah?" "Can I eat my ring now?" "Shut up." Annabeth whacks him with a pillow. Percy just kisses her instead. . . . Please leave a review. :)