The Annabeth! The famous Annabeth Chase-" I noticed Percy stomped on his foot glaring at him, but pretended I didn't see anything "- the heroine and architect of Olympus! It's so good to meet you! Percy told me so much about you" Jason said smiling "Thanks, Jason" Percy mumbled looking at his toes. I blushed a bit. "So" Percy interrupted "How's the car?" he asked "Not good" Jason answered. My jaw dropped "What do you mean?" I asked thinking about the worst. "I mean that it's broken pretty bad. The fuel container is gone, the back seats are all scruntched up, the back wheels are both broken and you were lucky you were sitting on the front. So in summary, you either wait for two months for me to fix it and it will cost you a fortune or you buy a new car" he explained. My jaw was litterally on the floor. I didn't know what to do. I wasn't poor, but I wasn't rich either, and right now I couldn't buy a new car, because I was saving money to open my own architect studio. But I still had to go to work and I did a promise to Annabelle. As I said, I had no idea what to do. "You can move in with Ann and I until you get a new car" Percy suggested "Thank you very much, but I can't!You and both I have work to do and I made a deal with your daughter every week-end. You've been very kind to me, but no thank you" I said "Come on, I can be kind once more! I think the kids like the idea" Percy said "And what about the cat? Pegasus hasn't been fed since yesterday" "He can come with us" "I insist Percy. No, thank you" "Ok, I know it's kind of awkaward, but I got a plan. In the morning we can all get in my car, andwe drop the kids at school, then I drop you off to work, then I go to work, since these places are on my way to work. Then at 3:30p.m, I'm done working so I can come pick you up at 4:30p.m., since Annabelle comes home walking from school and Leon can follow her. Then when the kids have dance practice, they go on their own, so I can still come pick you up when you're done working. Then on the week-ends, at 5p.m I have basketball practice with your son and you can take the car and take my daughter swimming, with no problems. In summary: I'm the only one of our friends who lives closer to you and goes to these places everyday. I know how indipendent you are, but until you get a new car, your cart is tied to mine wheather you like it or not" Then he turned back to Jason "Thank you anyway, Jason. Bye!" then he turned back to me "Now get in the car. We're going to your apartment to get Leon's stuff and yours" he said and walked to the car. I was astonished. No one except Thalia ever talked to me like that. I could have stayed like that and think over and over about Percy's sudden outburst. But he was right. All my other friends lived far away from me. Percy was the only one who had my same routine everyday. I was knocked out of my thoughts as Percy called my name. I silently walked to his car and sat there quietly. We drove to my apartment silently. As we arrived I was about to exit the car when Percy stopped me grabbing my hand "Sorry, I didn't mean to have that outburst. It's just that…" he paused "…everytime I try to be friendly you push me away, like I was some kind of stalker" he apologized. I slid my hand out of his grip and placed it on his. "No, you're right. For both things. My cart IS tied to yours" I paused "I didn't mean to push you away everytime. You've been very kind to me these past two week, and I kept being a jerk to you. I'm sorry" I apologized. Percy slipped his hand away from mine and gt out of the car, then he came to my side and opened the door for me. I got down of the car looking at the ground. As I walked to the door, Percy grabbed my wrist and pulled me into a bone crushing hug "You've been quiet a witch to me these days" he joked hugging me tightly "You just hurt my feelings, Seaweed Brain" I joked back "You hurt mine for two days,Wise Girl" he answered and we pulled out of the hug. As I entered the apartment, Percy fed Pegasus while I prepared mine and Leon's stuff. When I was done, I put my cat in his voyage cage and took his bowl. Percy helped me taking the suitcases in the car and we went back to his apartment. As we arrived, Leon and Annabelle were standing in the middle of the living room… kissing. I cleared my throat loudly enough for them to hear me since the TV was on. They both jumped apart Leon scratching the back of his neck and Annabelle putting a strand of her jet-black hair behind her ear, both as red as tomatoes. "Hi kids" Percy said awkwardly "Hi" the said embarrassed. Then Leon noticed the suitcases "Mom, why do you have your suitcase and mine?" he asked "The car is badly broken, so until we buy a new car…" I began "You two are staying here for a while" Percy completed. Leon and Annabelle looked at each other grinning like idiots. Even though their grin looked more evil than stupid. I have a bad feeling about this. To be continued… So? Good? Bad? Review and let me know! I invite you to give me suggestions for Part 2 if you want