and I am too broken. Do you wish for a glorious, honorable fight? You will not get one from me. The only thing you will get from me is…" his voice grew ten tones darker and struck fear into people's hearts. "Vengeance." With that, Percy rushed forward and slammed his sword with fury into Thalia's shield. She stumbled back from the fierce bite of Percy's attack. "You believed that scum? He just wanted the attention that I got! I didn't give a shit about the stupid Savior of Olympus stuff; I just wanted people to lean on. I wanted the people that I loved to at least leave me alone once they broke my heart but you continued harassing me over things I didn't goddamn do! My loyalty lies with those who I love and trust. I still love all those who I thought loved me, but I do not trust them. My fatal flaw no longer rests with you. It rests with myself, and myself only. I will have my revenge!" Percy screamed, fury dripping through his words. Thalia's spear only came near him once, and when it did he simply grabbed the shaft and yanked it out of her hands. Thalia fell to the floor and Percy laughed. He twirled the spear in his hands, taking his sweet time. But before he could force Thalia to yield, he suddenly noticed the way he was acting. His desire for revenge was consuming him, and if he continued this, he would be no better than those who ruined his life. He pointed the spear at Thalia's throat just to force her to yield. "I have gained victory. Watch your back near me, cousin . Do you yield?" He asked ominously. Thalia glared at him but grumbled incoherently, which Percy assumed was his cue. He handed the Daughter of Zeus her spear and turned around and was about to stomp out of the arena when he was met with the sight of all 12 Olympians as well as Hades and Hestia watching him, the majority of them boring into his soul with glares. They stood at human height but still towered intimidatingly. Zeus stared him right in the eye. "And just what do you think you're doing?" he asked incredulously. Percy looked generally confused. "What are you talking about? I am fighting in the arena," The son of Poseidon started, but his voice quickly turned to distaste. "Didn't you want this? All demigods to train under your amazing rule to 'be ready for the next threat'?" Zeus glared at him further, if that was even possible. "She is my daughter. You injured her. I'm pretty sure any sane father wouldn't approve of that." Percy laughed harshly. If he was going to die, he was going to die with his sarcastic remarks. "Since when did you have a conscience? Oh wait, I'm sorry. It's reserved only for your spawn when you go around sleeping with mortals for fun. Why don't you keep a little bit of it for your wife Hera? I believe she's had far too much of your bullshit, and so have I." Zeus' eyes widened and almost popped out of his sockets. "How dare you insult me! That is not allowed! I am the ruler of this world and I could cast you into Tartarus with a flick of my fingers!" Percy smirked. "Been there done that. How about you spend a while down there? You deserve it much more than I do. Oh, also, Lord Zeus ," he said mockingly. "I believe this has escaped your puny mind but the world doesn't revolve around you." The Olympians were shifting nervously. Poseidon sent Percy a warning look. "Percy, please show my brother some respect because he will probably kill you if you don't even this brat doesn't deserve any respect in the slightest." "I created an empire to protect the children of the gods, you fool. If you cannot live with that, I'm sure we can find a way to make you." Zeus snapped, completely ignoring his brother's outburst and his comments aimed at Percy and only Percy. Percy snorted. "Sure. I'm pretty sure the only reason you made this was so you could be 'the most powerful Olympian'. First off, let me tell you something. You're not." Before he could continue his rant though, Zeus seemingly had enough. He motioned the Olympians loyal to him forward, and he grabbed Perseus. Screams erupted and the entire arena burst into chaos. The loyal gods were quelling the demigods and keeping Percy in check while Zeus kept an iron grip around Percy. Poseidon stood at the side, unblinking, as tears streamed down his face. "I'm sorry, my son. He made me swear on the River Styx that he wouldn't torture or kill you if I swore not to interfere with your capture." Percy stopped thrashing around for a moment to look at his father. "I would have enjoyed to to die right about now, father . I have lost everything. All but you. And even you do not understand your own son enough to realize he has been through far too much. Now I will forever be kept in your brother's captivity." Poseidon started sobbing furiously, Hestia immediately by his side to comfort him. She watched sadly upon Perseus, knowing she couldn't do anything, but her very gaze put hope into the son of Poseidon. It gave him enough to swear to himself he would break out of Zeus' prison and he would come back to get his revenge. Already, the vengeance was consuming him. And that is an introduction to my new story to you. So usually I don't understand why Annabeth would betray Percy but as you shall see it may or may not have been by her own free will. Thus, you can sum this up as my take on a betrayed story. Chaos does NOT have a major role in this. Constructive criticism is appreciated. Thank you.