asked scared, "I guess we have to," Answered Piper. Jason p.o.v. I awoke to knocking on my door, I was in boxers and an undershirt. I threw on some pajama pants, I opened the door, Piper stood there, "Hurry there's something wrong with Percy and Annabeth!" I rushed out with her, Frank, Leo, and Hazel, were already there. Annabeth and Percy were in a pink bubble, 'What?' I thought, inside the bubble they were wrapped in a gray and green cocoon, beneath which, you could barely see them. They were in a embrace, foreheads together, closed eyes staring at each other. Percy was drooling all over Annabeth, but she didn't seem to care. "What in Hades? I'm glad coach Hedge isn't here!" Leo stated, looking at his watch, "Gods! It's like 1:33!" "I don't know what's up with them but I did see, them before this," announced Hazel who looked at Piper, who nodded. "I was sleeping, then I was woken up by Percy screaming Annabeth' s name, she responded with his name. They ran at each other, but stopped right in front of each other. Annabeth reached her hand towards him, almost as if she was scared he wasn't there. When it touched him, they squeezed each other so hard it looked they were gonna pop. They slumped down to the floor together, and started talking, about blindness, phantom arrows, and teleporting away. Then Piper wanted to talk to me, and I think I'll let her take over." Piper smiled and continued, "So you know when Jason was restarting Percy's heart? Well, right when back to life, I saw a dove. It spoke to me, and said, "Remember what you just saw, daughter. That was Love. With a capital L, it is rare, but true," so I talked to Hazel, to try to figure out my mother's message. Then we walked back in to see, well this." Piper yawned and Hazel looked thoughtful. Frank looked like he did when he found them in the stables, and Leo was cracking up, "Can we name their kid Leo Jr?" Hazel started fanning herself, "LEO!" "What? It's a na-" Leo was interrupted by Piper, "Look!" The bubble popped, leaving only the cocoon, that was being absorbed by Percy and Annabeth. Percy p.o.v. I had just had a horrible dream about the auri. Except, I was in Annabeth's place, I felt the abandonment, and then the loss when I saw her broken form laying there. I woke up screaming for her, when I heard her answer I was so happy. Then, when she was cautious about touching me I wanted to hug her, but I knew it would make her feel better to know that I wouldn't move away. When Annabeth's hand stroked my face we grinned and she hugged me. My rib still hurt but whatever. We sat down and made sure that we both were fine, then we snuggled, eventually falling asleep. My dreams were good, Annabeth and I were exploring New Rome. "I think it's strange that only Roman demigods have this," I told Annabeth, "Well, the Romans were about the whole city thing," she responded. I just thought it was kinda unfair that the Greeks had to fight monsters till the day they died, I relayed this to Annabeth, she laughed and said, "I don't know, Seaweed Brain." I took her to the residential areas. Each of the houses were different, "You have to build your own house here, I suppose because Romans are all about the building thing, and I know how much you like architecture..." "You mean they just let you build whatever?" Her eyes sparkled, "Well, within reason." I think she mumbled something like, "Cool!" We walked back to the main street with all the cafe's and such. I looked at Annabeth, our relationship was the most precious thing to me. She was still not as healthy looking as she was before the fall. "What do you wanna eat?" I asked her, rubbing my thumb on her hand. She looked at me and said, "Name their kid Leo Jr?" "What?!" I asked, "Leo! What it's a na- Look!" I was really freaked out. Then I started to wake up. Sometimes Annabeth would tell me something then smile like it was an inside joke, but my mind would feel fuzzy, and I wouldn't remember. That's how I felt about most of the day. I remembered basic emotions, I was angry then crushed, then I was happy and then I was tired. I felt my arms around someone, I breathed in and smelled Annabeth, I opened my eyes to see a set of gray ones. "Umm, what in Hades name is going on here?" Annabeth and I both jumped straight up. Ahh! ' What in the world?' I thought. Oh what the Hades! Who's In my head? Saida voice in my head, much like a sea creature or horse, 'I don't see any horses, what are you?' I thought. Percy? It said . Umm, yeah? I thought at it. "Percy, Annabeth, you're staring at each other," Piper said, My gods! Seaweed Brain, why are you in my head? Said the voice, Annabeth!? "She's in my head," I told them, "And he in mine!" Annabeth added, "Cute, look we know you guys like each other, but-" Jason started, "No, like I can hear her, in my head, like a horse!" I told them, Did he just compare me to a horse? "No, I just used it to explain," I told her, she looked shocked. "Are you guys okay? I mean you fell asleep on the floor, in a pink bubble." Hazel seemed to be telling the truth. "No! I can hear a person in my head!" A/n How did us like it! To be clear bold is ( when in Percy p.o.v.) is Percy purposely sending thoughts to Annabeth who is italic. ( in Annabeth p.o.v.) bold is any Percy thought and italic is purposeful Annabeth thoughts. Please reveiw!