ruby the size of my head, the smallest a sapphire the size of my pinkie. "Amazing." Why had I not gone in here sooner? This place was breathtaking. "Cool isn't it?" Lou Ellen said."It seems more beautiful each time I come in there." She said. "A spell was cast so that no one could see this place. Only those who have been claimed by Heacte can enter and see the room for what it truly someone else manged to find the secret door, all they would find was a storage closet full of pipes and and old gis gis charms." She said. "But the true reason I brought you in here was to figure out what branch of magic you will follow in your studies at Camp Half and Reagan have Purple magic. They are relly good at making potions and has blue magic, so she has controll over water,but not as well as a child of Poisidon could. Alex and I have red magic. Most dangerous typs, besides necromancing-and-death branch of magic. Red magic is fire and are other types, but are more rare. "Ok- here we are. Follow me."she said, clutching a back velvet bag emblazoned with the symbol of Heacte, the one that appeared on my head only last night.(Dang. Seemed like forever ago)Lou Ellen lead me up a flight of steps, and the only thing keeping me from falling was a thin metal bar the with of my finger the most safe railing on he planet. Once we got to the top, I thought, if I thought downstairs was amazing, this tops that by 1000%. The beutifully etched glass floor was the most amazing thing and scary thing I had ever seen (I had an incidet in third grade, I fell of the roof of my school, four floors up. I broke both arms and a leg. The only good thing that came out of that was I didn't have to write 'I will not jump of the school roof again' three hundred times, the schools usual punishment for wrongdoings.) but Lou Ellen assured me that it would never break, but I wasn't so was setting up a circle shaped table, a small sliver cut out for an entrance. And placing what looked like orbs of colored glass evenly placed apart so the light caught each of the orbs perfectly, sending shards of colored light across the room. There were five of them. The first was purple, inside was a book with a test tube printed on it. The second was white. There was no image, just a white mist floating around in it. The third was a black one with the image of a dark purple skull with black mist seeping . I hope I am not chosen for that branch of was a turqouise sphere with a clear glittery liguid linside, sorta like a snow globe. A magic snowglobe.I want one. the last one was red orange and yellow, colors shifting and changing like the lava in a lava the last orb was set in its correct spot Lou Ellen said "Alrighty. If I did this right, all you have to do is close your eyes and spin around once or twice, then bam! You are done!" "Is it going to hurt?" " long as I did it right, it should be absolutely painless." "Whenever you are ready." She said,"Remember turn clockwise!" So I happened the first time around, nor second, but on the third a sound like rain hitting a roof filled the room,and I opened my eyes. I was facing the white orb, which was now glowing and levitating above the table. "The orb of the mist has claimed you, which is the first we have ever had in the history of the Heacte cabin. there hasn't been another white magician, so no one will be able to teach you. Sorry about that." "Its fine! I learn better by reading , who it the mist?" I asked. "The mist is a what,not a is what sheilds the mortals from seeing how things truly stead of a chimera, they see a chiwawa. Intstead of a hellhound, they see a poodle. Don't ask me how it works. It depends on the mortal, but it sure is usefull!" "What else do I learn?" "Well, I read a white magic book thinking it was a red magic book, but you can learn things llike transportation, creating illusions,and shapeshifting. And those are just a few!" she said. "Is that how you made me fall throught the bed this morning?" "Something like though I use red magic,(the type of magic depends on the color of the orb that chose you) I still learned bits of magic from the other types. The orbs are called the Mageia, which drectly transletes from greek to 'Magic' in english. But you cannot begin your traning untill you have chosen your enhancement crystal. After that we have Pegasus riding at 11, so I figure you don't want to miss that." "Yah, I don' are enhancement crystals?Do I have to go through another magical trial I have to go through?" "Nope. Just pick out a jem from downstairs that you like, and I will fashion it into a anklet of necklace or however you want like jewlery shopping. Staffs also work, but are a pain to carry around." "Seems easy enough." And it was. Ten minutes later Lou Ellen and I started to walk down to the pegasus stables to meet the rest of the cabin, my new necklace hanging from my was an everchanging blue. You could blinck, and swear it was more green a second ago. When we got to the stables, the rest of the cabin was there, admiringmy new necklace, and showing me their bracelets and anklets and necklaces, some more worn and beat up than others. After a little while, I managed to tear away from Shannen, mesmerized by the everchanging color, and went to see Katy. [Type text]