her heart, but I know I broke yours, too. I promise I'll try to make her understand. I want to mend everything, fix it so that we can go back to the way we were… I said that before, but I'm being honest and sincere and it's true. I'd wait forever if that's what it takes for you to forgive me." And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, oh Reyna shifted closer to Jason and stared at him for what seemed to the boy to be forever. Then, she smiled slightly. "Jason…" Reyna gulped and looked down at her interlaced hands. "Thanks for… telling me that." Jason looked at her in bewilderment. "Rey, don't you have anything else to say?" he asked softly, hoping to get more out of the girl who used to trust him with anything, even her life. The girl who used to be his best friend, who eventually stole his heart. But all that was in the past—before Juno took him away, before he arrived at Camp Half-Blood, before… before Piper. He choked back a miserable sob. He'd lost her. Sitting before Jason was a different girl—looking the same, as beautiful yet mysterious as before, with the same single, glossy raven black braid, her eyes the same dark pools Jason could drown in. Yet, even as they sat together, barely a metre apart, he had never felt so far from Reyna in his entire life. Reyna glanced up. "Jason, I know you mean that all, but… what's done is done. You can't just erase all that with a few words. And besides, what about Piper? Juno obviously meant for you two to be together, and she—she's your patron. You can't disobey her… not for me, Jason. Be with Piper. She seems… great. You'd make the perfect couple." Jason could sense the bitterness in her voice as she said the word "perfect", and it gave him a tiny morsel of hope. However, Reyna had made it quite clear that she wasn't quite ready to forgive and forget yet. Remind her how it used to be With pictures in frames, of kisses on cheeks He took a deep breath. Jason wasn't really confident in his memories, but he knew that he had to try everything, anything, if he was to win Reyna's trust back. "Rey, please. You can't just throw everything away. Everything we had… Look," Jason pulled a wad of photos that he had found in his villa out of his pocket, spreading them out on the table. Reyna glanced at them, her eyes watery and sad. "Here's one of us in the arena, training. That was when you'd just arrived and weren't ready to trust any of us yet," Jason pointed. Their golden swords were crossed and their hair was dripping with sweat, but on they fought. Reyna smiled at the memory. "And this is when we won the war games together," she reminisced, picking up a photo of them, Bobbly, Dakota and Gwen cheering and hugging. Jason grinned as well, feeling that he was starting to get through to the stoic praetor. "Here was after we finished our first quest together, when I saved your podex and we became friends." Reyna laughed at the photo of them making silly faces at the camera, Jason's arm around her shoulders. Jason watched his best friend, smiling at her laugh. "Rey, you need to laugh more. I miss it." She shook her head. "Jase, this is all in the past. We were close then, but… I can't shake the feeling that it will never be the same again." Jason sighed, and showed her another picture. It was of Jason kissing Reyna on the cheek, her looking flustered and surprised. Gwen and Dakota stood laughing in the background at her reaction—Jason remembered that they had dared him to do it, since they were vaguely aware of his growing feelings for his fellow praetor. Tell her how you must've lost your mind When you left her all alone And never told her why "Rey, I understand, but please, give me a chance. I know I was crazy to let Juno take me away without telling you where I went. And I'm sorry for not remembering you. But now I'm trying to right my wrongs, and honestly, it's Juno's fault for making me save the world." This coaxed a small smile from Reyna. She sighed. And that's how it works That's how you lost the girl "I need you, Rey. I want you back. I'm giving Piper up for you." Jason was becoming desperate now. Maybe… maybe he'd lost her. Forever. The most important person in his whole life was now out of his grasp. He felt his heart sink. And now you say I want you for worse or for better I would wait for ever and ever Broke your heart, I'll put it back together I would wait for ever and ever "Rey, all I'm saying is I want you for worse or for better. I broke your heart, and I want to put it back together. I'd wait for ever and ever, because that's how much you mean to me." And that's how it works That's how you get the girl, oh Reyna finally looked into Jason's blue orbs, her front teeth snagging her bottom lip in the way that always drove Jason crazy. She hesitated for a second… and then threw her arms around the startled blond boy. "I miss you so much, Jase. If you really mean all that… then yeah. I'm willing. It will take some time, but you'd wait forever, right?" Jason wrapped his arms around Reyna's slim waist, and hugged her tight. He laughed, vowing to never let her go again. "Yeah, I guess I did say that," he said, burying his face in her hair. It still smelled of lemongrass like in his blurred dreams, tangy and sweeter than ever before. Thanks for reading! Hope you enjoyed it!