pregnant again. I have to admit, I still don't really know I actually got to where I am right now, but I was happy about it, and I was happy to spend the rest of my life with my divine wife Gaia. -Line Break- (50 years later) "Daddy, he took my lollypop." A little minotaur named Patroclus cried. "*sighs* Achilles, give your brother back his lollypop." I said. "Fine." The little three-year-old cyclops named Achilles huffed and negatively gave his little minotaur brother back his lollypop. "Boys, you need to learn how to behave, okay?" Gaia said, who was sitting on my lap, watching our kids playing around. Kids these days. You love them, but they drive you crazy. I should probably explain. You all know how Gaia and I had our triplet children Perseus, Agenor, and Andromeda? Well, we decided that three children really weren't enough for an immortal wedded couple. So for the past fifty years, we've been fucking like crazy. We have quite a number of children. As you all have seen, aside from Perseus, Agenor, and Andromeda, we have the two you just saw, our minotaur son Patroclus and our cyclops son Achilles. A lot of our children were born as monsters. Why, I don't know for sure. Maybe for Gaia to test me on how much I would love a child if he or she was born from my flesh and blood. Well, since I haven't attempted to kill any of them like Oranos, or ignore them like Poseidon, or even expect so much out of them like Tartarus, you can easily say that Gaia and I couldn't be any happier. We also have our harpy daughter Tyrande, our centaur twin sons Illidan and Furion, another human born daughter Helen, who was born with her mother's eyes and her father's hair, our dryad daughter Andromache, our ichthyocentaur son Odysseus, our nymph daughter Briseis, our demon triplet sons Mephistroth, Azgalor, and Kazzak, who all seemed to be the start of a new race of monsters since most of their power and traits involve nothing but fire, our scythian dracaena daughter Polydora, our shade twin son and daughter Maiev and Kelthuzad, our hecatoncheir son Hector, our twin human born sons Paris and Arthus, who both seemed to have a blend of everything from their parents, our satyr son Theseus, our titan triplet daughters Atalanta, Ergenia, and Korrina, who all have a beauty of their own, our makhai son Helius, our empousai twin daughters Jaina and Sylvanas, our foretelling twin son and daughter Velen and Vixen, and our giant quadruplet sons Sargeras, Kiljaeden, Archimonde, and Nerzhul. How did Gaia end up giving birth to four sons at once? I don't know. I guess with the amount of times we fucked, I ended fertilizing a lot of Gaia's eggs. But we had no reason to complain. In other words, throughout these past fifty years, Gaia and I have made thirty-four children together. "Okay mom." Patroclus and Achilles said. "Good, now go play, and play nicely. Mommy and Daddy are right here watching you all." Gaia said. "Okay." Patroclus and Achilles said and then head elsewhere in their play room. "Kids, huh?" I asked. "They certainly keep you on your toes." Gaia responded. Gaia and I snuggled closer to each other at that. A lot has changed over these past fifty years, and I don't mean just by the amount of children Gaia and I have. As our marriage went on, I slowly discovered that I had become a primordial god. It took a little while to master my new powers and everything, but I eventually got it all under control. I became the primordial god of natural disasters, family, and loyalty. Also, a short while after the birth of Perseus, Agenor, and Andromeda, we had the camp torn apart, and we replaced it with a city. A full out Greek themed city. We made a new city possible through the death of Camp Half-Blood. Gaia and I decided to name this city New Atlantis. The reason why is because while there were those that worshipped Poseidon in old Atlantis, there were those who worship the titans instead of any of the Olympians. The most common one they worshipped was yours truly, Gaia. We figured it was the perfect name for a city ruled by her and her new husband, a son of Poseidon, me. As for all of the other demigods, well, they're no longer being chained up, but they were all sent to New Rome, Greeks and Romans alike. This was so they would have a good distance away from us and that I didn't have to worry about anyone threatening my family. It's been working like a charm. The best part about all of this was the fact that I got to watch my son and my daughters grow and blossom with my wife by my side. "Thirty-four kids. I never would've thought that I would be this lucky." I said. "Well, your luck has only begun to grow brighter. These past fifty years have only been the beginning of so many more." Gaia said against my jaw. "I can't wait." I said bringing her lips to mine. And that was the truth. I truly couldn't wait to see where we were going to go from here. Well, this is the longest document I've ever written in my life. No one better be thinking that the chapters for any of my stories are gonna be like this. It took me much longer to write it longer than what I was expecting, but I got it written and posted now, so that's fine. A lot of you wanted a Percy x Gaia story, and you have one. I hope you all like it. Oh, and I hope you all like the image I made for this story. I made it through PIXLR. I think it turned out pretty good for a first timer if I say so myself.