shield me. Zeus tried as hard as he could to get through, but he wasn't able to. I kept shielding myself until I decided to take an opening. I eventually threw Riptide at Zeus when I noticed that the power of his attack was starting to empower my blade and had it hurled into his abdomen. He wailed as the sword went right through him, and even more when the energy of his own attack was being used on him from it. He wailed as he was being electrocuted and was suffering from his own power. Once it went overboard on him, he was sent flying and took an unpleasant fall. Just goes to show you, power blinds all and always gets the best of us, especially when we decide to go mad with it. "Yes." Hera said relieved and happy. I slowly made my way to Zeus, who was lying on the ground, suffering from his own attack as well as mine. I pulled Riptide out of him to get my weapon back. "The fate of Zeus is in your hands Percy Jackson." Hades declared. I took one look at Zeus, and after thinking about it for a minute, I knew exactly what I wanted to do. -Line Break- (1 year later) Even after a year, Hera never ceases to amaze and surprise me. She always just seems to know how to surprise me with something. Like right now. We were lying in bed, her, me, and our little girl Ambrosine. Yep, our child ended up being a girl, and we decided to name her Ambrosine. Ambrosine is Greek for undying and immortal. Hera and I wanted to give our daughter a name that would truly represent the love that we share and the love that we intended to live with for the rest of eternity with each other, and with the addition of our daughter. We thought of Ambrosine for her, and we both liked it and decided to go with that. She took quite a lot of her mother. She looked like a completely infant form of Hera. Same royal hair, same feistiness, at least I thought so, same shade of tanned skin, and even the same strong personality already. Yep, she definitely takes after her mother well. The only things that she didn't seem to take from Hera were her color of hair and her eyes. Even though Ambrosine was born with royal wavy hair like Hera, Ambrosine was born with black instead of blonde. And she has my eyes, sea green. She just seemed like the new spark of life for Hera and I. As for how Hera's surprising me right now, well, she's breastfeeding the both of us, both me and Ambrosine. I know, it's so unexpected. I should also mention the events that have taken place to. I took Zeus' place as the new king of Olympus and inherited everything from him and his title. I had won, but in a different way. I actually didn't kill Zeus. I thought that since oblivion would've been more of a salvation to him from this horrible defeat of his, I decided to go for something a little more cruel. I decide to make him suffer the same punishment he made Hera suffer once for wanting Olympus to be a democracy like rule instead of a dictatorship. He's currently in Tartarus, chained up over the edge of the realm of Chaos. And with how much distance I put between him and the grounds of Tartarus, he has no chance of getting free on his own. Shortly after, Hera and I got married. A few months after, our daughter was born, and Olympus just started to shine all brighter from it. The battle with Kronos was also over. Kronos had been defeated. He had gotten to Olympus, but it was there that the final fight between him and me had begun. It took a while, especially since before Luke became Kronos' host, he bathed in the River Styx. But the power I had gained had helped a lot and made it an even match for him. And eventually, after both of us taking in many injuries and much damage, I had finally found his Achilles spot and stabbed it. In doing so, Luke had died and Kronos had lost. Everyone at camp knows everything to, by the way. But as for their reactions, well, I'll let you all think about it, since it really should be easy. "You never cease to amaze me Hera." I said after Ambrosine and I were done. "That's what you love about me." Hera said as she took Ambrosine to her crib and tucked her in for the night and then came back over to me. "Thank you for everything Percy. I've truly never been this happy before you came in and changed everything." Hera said. "It's been my greatest privilege Hera." I commented. She just smiled and kissed me. "I love you." Hera said. "I love you to." I replied. And that night, we made love to each other, marveling how happy we were, how far we came, and how we intended to go even further. Sorry for the long wait. Shit's been crazy lately. My family recently moved to another house, but this move was only to a house that's only 10 minutes or so away from our recent house. And it was to a bigger house. So this move wasn't as bad the last one, which was from Tiffin Ohio to Milton Wisconsin. We're still unloading our stuff to even. Just goes to show you, you never really know how many things you really have until you move. But I finally got it done, and I'm still writing. So now I just need to work on my other stories. Thanks again, hope you all liked the one-shot, and see you all later. Also, be on the lookout for other one-shots. I'll be posting some more sometime in the future.