to add Tenebris?" Tenebris shrugs, "From now on you will all refer to me as Dark, and my real name is not to be spoken again. It's better for everyone, especially since scouts won't identify me as easily." Chaos claps her hand smiling happily in contrast to the terrified Olympians; "Splendid, I'll have a place warded for both demigods to meet up at in …" She looks at Tene- Dark. "Maximum in a month. I will head to both camps to oversee the process. The Gods will help in by teleporting a small group of demigods." The empathize she put on those two words booked no argument and she nodded her head. Reyna nodded her head in agreement, a month was more than enough time to prepare the legion and recall any demigods on quests. "I have a question." Reyna said, "If you knew this was coming then why to warn us now?" Dark and Chaos exchanged glances. "You see-"Chaos began only to be gently interrupted. "We weren't sure where he was going to end up," Dark replied gently. "No use in training you if you were never to be used." Reyna nodded concealing another yawn, but she couldn't help but feel there was something else. "If you're all done, your respective parent will take you back to your camp." Announced Chaos. The demigods perked up at the thought of being able to spend a few minutes with their parent and even Zeus looked to be slightly pleased with the command. With a few quick farewells, the throne room quickly cleared out leaving only the children of the minor gods, Reyna and both Chaos and the newly dubbed Dark. The demigod's glanced at Chaos before turning to find their own parent in the minor god's throne room. Reyna watched the room clear out before turning towards the elevator. "You there Praetor." Reyna froze at the sound of Dark's voice. "Where is your parent?" Reyna turned noting Chaos was no longer there and she was left in the throne room with Dark. "My mother faded shortly after my sister and I were born," Reyna stated, her tone polite and to the point. "So where do you think you're going then?" Reyna could hear the footsteps coming closer until Dark was right next to her. "I was going to drive back to camp," Reyna replied. As she turned to face the warrior she froze as her eye meet those wonderfully dark red eyes. Gulping slightly she faintly noticed how close the other woman was and took a shaky step back. Those eyes held so much raw power that Reyna couldn't look away. Dark looked angry for a second before relaxing a giving Reyna a faint smile. Reyna took a second to appreciate the warrior's beauty before her brain reconnected. "You look like you'll fall asleep the second you enter the elevator." Dark replied easily, "I take you myself. I was planning on discussing the use of the older Romans with you anyway." Reyna shook herself back into reality shocked by the offer. "No, I couldn't, I-" Dark grinned before placing a hand on Reyna's shoulder effectively halting the stream of protests. Reyna's heart fluttered at the smile before she found herself mirroring the smile. "I'm afraid I must insist Praetor –" She paused for a moment looking at Reyna for assistance. "Oh um, Reyna. My name is Reyna." "No last name?" Reyna blushed, "I don't like to use it." Dark nodded, "Well then let's not waste any more time Reyna." With that, Dark took off her jacket setting it on Reyna's shoulders. As she did so Reyna stared at the newly exposed arms transfixed for a moment. "What are you-,"Reyna started. "Trust me; Shadow Traveling isn't fun for mortals," Dark said evenly as she led Reyna over to a relatively small shadow. "What do you-"Reyna couldn't say anymore as the ground fell out from under her and she suddenly dropped into the nausea-inducing ride. Within seconds the shadows around her receded and she stumbled forward slightly. "Woah there, the first time is the worst." Dark arms came to steady her from behind. Reyna could only cling to those arms as the world spun for a few moments. "T-That was not Shadow Travel." Reyna forced out "That is shadow travel, the one your friend Nico uses is a watered down version," Dark replied humorously. After a few more moments Reyna finally stood up, glancing at the arm wrapped around her waist and blushing furiously. "Um thank you." Reyna croaked out, stepping out of the embrace with her cheeks flaming. What in the world was happening to her, she was a praetor, not some silly school girl. Dark chuckled and Reyna felt herself turning even redder at the sound. Reyna shook her head, this was not like her. "You're welcome. Get a night of sleep, I'll return in the morning to make the announcement." Dark shrugged, "And no working until I get back Praetor, I'll need you at your best tomorrow. " With a friendly wave, Dark stepped back into a shadow before suddenly disappearing. Reyna shook her head. Wasn't Dark just snarling at the gods looking like she wanted to kill them all? This new God? Titan? … Whatever she was, she didn't make any sense. This was going to be an interesting year. Reyna moved to her apartment before she realized Dark had left her jacket behind. Shaking her head she carefully folded it resolving to hand it to her the next she saw her. Hopefully, until then she could figure out how to feel about the Red-eyed Guard. … Yes, Guardian sums her up perfectly Reyna thought to herself, nodding happily. Thanks to Archer1eye, my new helper, the first chapter should be way better now. He helped catch a few mistakes that I kept missing, and I'm sure that I would have never caught them had he no come and help me. Archer: She's exaggerating. I highly doubt I'm that helpful.