solely on magic and twisting others to their will are not welcomed in Rome. They are useless in a battle. The first thought Reyna has is how dare she . How dare this girl waltz in here, claim Jason as hers, then tell Octavian to shut up? It might be the first time Reyna sides with Octavian, because she herself is just as wary of the Greeks, especially what they have done to her best friend. Piper has no right to come into Reyna's territory and demand respect when the Romans have no reason to do anything but kill her. She has no right to be clutching onto Jason's arm, looking admiringly up at him, because he is Camp Jupiter's Saving Grace, not Piper's. He is Reyna's Saving Grace. Reyna almost laughs at herself for thinking like such a girl . Jason was never hers. She had let herself fall for him, believing that he loved her back. She remembers two years ago, when they were just on the edge of fifteen, when Jason had started seeing her differently. Back then, Reyna's resolve had been unwavering, and she had denied any kind of romantic feelings towards him—he was her best friend, she refused to lose him to some petty puppy love. However, when they had turned seventeen and served together as praetors, she had softened. It had taken four years of trust and seven months of praetorship together for Reyna to finally crack. They had gone stargazing in the Garden of Bacchus, flying there on the Jason Express (or so he liked to call his abilities). In a moment of weakness, she had told him that he meant more to her than anything in the world. He had held her and said that he loved her, and that he would wait for her as long as it took, until she was ready to accept it. The next day, she had woken up in the Garden of Bacchus alone. He was gone. Of course the gods love a little irony. Reyna hates Venus for ruining her life, for destroying her hopes and taking away the person who mattered most to favour the goddess' own daughter. At the same time, she loathes herself for ignoring Venus, for loving when she knew she would never be loved. It's irrational, so unlike Reyna—but maybe the reason is because Jason makes her irrational; makes her listen to her heart when her head knows better. Their differences in thinking made them the perfect team. Similarly, the way he changed her is forever written in her blood, and will be her downfall. Reyna pauses in her tumultuous thoughts to remind herself that the Jason she is looking at is not the Jason she once knew. This one is a coward, a carbon copy on the outside but stripped of the Roman pride and bravery she had once admired. He can't even bring himself to say something to her. She doesn't care about the new girl on his arm, she decides. She's more hurt and angry that he won't face her as his best friend; the person he once spent nights with just talking about life, the person he went to for comfort even when she wasn't good at giving it, the person he sought out on the battlefield because they trusted each other with their lives and more. He is gone. She will just have to accept that. Besides, she knows that she doesn't actually need him in her life—she's always been an independent spirit. But four years have shown the strong praetor that maybe she wants (wanted) him in her life, because he makes (made) her feel . So Reyna is numb when Jason finally looks her in the eye and asks her for permission to give Piper a tour of New Rome. She feels nothing even as she watches them walk into her city, the home she has given her all to. A picture-perfect couple, just as it should be. She imagines them going to her and Jason's favourite café for hot chocolate, where Gaius, the owner, will know Jason by name. Gaius will ask Jason who Piper is and why she is in Reyna's place, and will shake his head sadly. In the end, Jason and Piper will still have their happy ending, though, as they pay for their hot chocolates (Gaius doesn't give free drinks to strangers) and drink and laugh, as Jason shows Piper all the places that used to be his and Reyna's only, as he holds the daughter of Aphrodite in the Garden of Bacchus while they name the constellations. It feels like half of what Reyna has known and who Reyna is as a person is gone. Instead, the walls around her heart are back up, stronger and higher than ever. She is the perfect Roman leader. Statuesque and stoic, calm and calculating. No room for emotions. War is coming. She'll fight for what she has left. They can pry Camp Jupiter and New Rome out of Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano's cold, dead fingers. At least she'll still have her memories, where the dreams of a childhood long gone are preserved: of a boy with golden hair like the sun and blue eyes like the sky and a bright smile reserved just for her. Except now, they might be nightmares. I'm all out of love, I'm so lost without you I know you were right, believing for so long I'm all out of love, what am I without you I can't be too late to say that I was so wrong — All Out of Love, Air Supply Did you like it? Please review! I'm super proud of this story, and fished it from the depths of my unfinished ones that I had started probably two or three years ago to give it new life. I may write a sequel if there's enough interest... ;) which means hit the favourite button or leave a comment while you're at it! time-failed-us