back of his neck nervously and I remembered Irene's threat; to stay away from the new guy, otherwise Nate would see that meaningless photo. Yeah, so scared. "Hey, do you have anything to do after school?" I asked. He shrugged. "Not that I know of. I just need to revise some stuff for Algebra, but I can do it later. Why?" "I was just wondering if you'd like to go out today. You know, share embarrassing stories over a coffee." I said and he smiled. "You're just dying to remember me, aren't you?" he teased me and I burst into laughs. "Too obvious, huh?" I asked and he nodded. "I'd love to share embarrassing stories with you." he answered and fixed his glasses again. I thought this was his signature move. Fixing his glasses, looking at his watch and rubbing his neck nervously. Cute. Haha, no. No no no no. You can't think like that, I heard my logical side saying. But he's kinda cute. And besides that, I think he likes me, my dirty side answered. And we all know she doesn't really love Nate. He's just the super-hot boyfriend every girl would want, another part of me –which I decided I shall not name- added. Okay, can you all shut up? I tried to scream inside my head like a mad person before I ended up being one. "Good." I responded after a short period of awkward silence between us. "See you outside Starbucks at, let's say… Six?" I said and he smiled. "Sounds nice." he said and turned around, pacing to the opposite direction. Suddenly, he stopped. "Do you happen to know where the Bio class is?" he asked me and I laughed. "That way." I pointed at his right and he mouthed an 'Ow' shyly. He gave me a clumsy smile and waved. I waved back and realized I was smiling like an idiot at no one. I quickly erased that smile and went on my class. xXx When the last period finished, I pressed my dad's number on my phone and waited for him to answer. Meanwhile, I saw a few guys getting ready for their football practice, while the cheerleaders were gossiping in the corner. Probably about how hotter some of the boys looked. I sighed when the third beep echoed in my ear and my dad still hadn't picked up. When the beeps stopped and the voicemail was heard, I hanged up and decided I'd walk. Passing in front of the football field, I saw Nate was calling me and I smiled widely at my touchscreen. "Hey stranger." I greeted. "Hey babe." he responded. "What are you doing?" "Walking home." I answered. "How come?" he asked curiously. "Ugh, my dad didn't pick up and I'm not in the mood of Sue coming and picking me up." I explained. "Wait, are you in a car?" I asked hearing the almost inaudible sounds of horns coming through the phone. "Actually, turn around." he told me and left me more confused than ever. I turned around and looked behind me. I saw a large white limo getting off the main road and stopping right next to me. In a matter of seconds, my boyfriend emerged from the car, looking more handsome than ever. Blonde hair brushed perfectly, kaleidoscopic eyes brighter than the sun, white shirt with a loosen tie hanging, black jeans that ended to his black converse. I bit my lip, my phone long forgotten. He closed the door and I think I saw a girl faint with the corner of my eye. Needless to say that the majority of girls was now drooling all over him, the football players long forgotten. I swallowed and closed my mouth. "What are you doing here?" I managed to form between all the dirty thoughts that passed by my mind right then and my admiring state. He took a deep breath and grinned widely. "Surprise." he simply said and leaned in to kiss me. Boy, oh boy. He placed his hands on my hip bones and pulled me closer. I grinned against his lips as he deepened the kiss, and wound my left hand on his neck, as my right one was busy holding my cellphone from falling. When he broke our kiss, I bit my lower lip and blushed. "You know, I usually hate surprises, but I think I actually loved this one." I said and he smirked. "I'm glad you did." he said and kissed me again, taking my bottom lip in between his teeth. Good lord, who cares what Irene will do? Who cares if anyone thinks I'm a huge bitch tomorrow? This guy definitely is much better than all of those... Yeah. "I missed you." he whispered in my ear. I bit my lip again and smiled. "I missed you too." That reminded me that he still came late for the school year, but right then, I just didn't want to ruin it. "What would you say if I took you to lunch and drove you home?" he offered and I laughed raising one of my eyebrows. "What are you up to, Hastings?" I asked and he smirked with his eyes half closed. "Another surprise." he whispered and motioned for me to enter his car. Something I gladly did. So? I know it's kinda big, but I couldn't write any less as a first chapter. Maybe it sucked. Also, I know this seems odd 'cause Annabeth would never be the kind of girl that gets charmed by some perfect hair and clothes, and geeky Percy with glasses? I know, believe me. Just, this has been in my mind for too long and I just had to write it down. Last one, this story will contain lots of OCs because Uncle Rick's characters are just too awesome to be the bad guys. (Irene, for example). Anyway, tell me what you think in your REVIEWS! Should I continue this or no ? Until then, TWDoP23 ;)