slowly began increasing pressure and speed to the rhythm of fucking Annabeth. Every time I entered her was a moment that wasn't wasted. The glorious feeling of her walls closing on my cock was addicting. It felt like stopping anytime soon would be an act of treason against her. I loved burying my member further and further in her each time I went, trying desperately to bring us both to the unrelenting rush of orgasmic bliss we were both now craving for. Eventually, Annabeth's body seemed to go into autopilot as the pleasure of the moment seemed to take her and she began forcing her hips back and forth to meet my thrusts, thereby adding even more heat and passion to this wonderful birthday present. As every thrust into her passed, I couldn't even describe the massive amounts of adrenaline, pleasure and feelings of lust that consumed my mind each time I pounded inside her. "Fuck me like your little whore!" Annabeth said aloud. I looked at her sharply, shocked and amazed Annabeth could even use such language. I couldn't reply, I was too busy doing exactly what she told me to do, I fucked her like my little whore and she loved it! With a couple more thrusts, I set off a second unbelievably strong orgasm. I rested my chest on Annabeth's back while my hands reached down to grasp her soft 34 d-cup tits. She gasped as combined with her breasts being squeezed. I shot my cum into the deepest recesses of her cunt. In turn this triggered her and we could barely keep ourselves standing as wave after wave of pleasure ripped through us again and again for what felt like hours. Her orgasm caused her pussy to start gushing and squirting her feminine juices all over a now exhausted me, the glorious heat of the moment sent us flying into a state of euphoria and we had no strength to stand, we could both barely move. Then finally after about the eighth or maybe ninth, I couldn't remember, orgasmic wave shot through her she fell on her front down to the bed. Pulling out, I let the last globs of semen fall from my now totally spent cock. I leaned back against the mattress of the bed, feeling completely spent. She eventually fell right next to me. She was breathing almost as much as I was. We turned our head to face each other, and we were both grinning like crazy. She then took her hand and brushed it across my face in a loving matter. I pressed a quick kiss on her hand just before she withdrew it. After that, with whatever strength I actually still had, moved to be on top of her. She was still grinning, so even though I was pretty sure she didn't know what I was doing, I knew she couldn't wait. She then gasped when I started to attack her tits, grabbing them both with my hands and taking them one at a time in my mouth, curling my tongue around her tits and gently biting on them. "Oh Percy." Annabeth moaned as I sucked and gnawed on her tits. Her tits were pretty big for a sixteen year old, but I could care less. They were mine to play with and this daughter of Athena has become most important person in my life now. I only stopped worshiping her tits when I was out of breath again. When I stopped was when Annabeth took my face and kissed me in a kiss of timeless passion and complete adoration for the person she gave her virginity to, which is me. I returned the kiss with as much fervor to her as she had shown me. When the kiss broke, Annabeth settled her head against my chest. Once she was comfortable, she looked up at me to see my look of contentment on my face she had never seen before, but then her constantly curious mind figured out why I held such a look. Truly, I have never loved a woman in this kind of way before, sure I'd had the love of my family and friends and more, but never before had I loved another woman like this. It was the unconditional love so many looked for yet never found, the kind of love which could make you fight till your last breath to hold onto and yet through most of my life, I thought I would never find it, yet now I had it in its entirety. I held unconditional love for Annabeth who in turn, actually had a true bond with me not only from becoming mine by a new connection with me, but from the affection of a loving person she never had up until this point. It was this feeling of having someone who truly loved and cared for you that further cemented the bond we already shared. "I love you Annabeth." I said before I could stop myself. I honestly don't know why I said that, but I did know for a fact that I meant it. "I love you to Percy." She said moving so that her head was right next to mine. We fell into a beautiful moment with Annabeth and me in a loving embrace. With that, we both closed our eyes in exhaustion and contentment. Peace, tiredness, and exhaustion took us over and sent us into a deep sleep. Whatever happens tomorrow doesn't matter, only Annabeth did, and that was all I really cared about. Okay, I think that's more than enough for a one-shot. If you found any grammar errors in this, which I'm pretty sure you did, if not a lot at least one, I'm sorry for it. I took quiet a lot of time working on this, and I really need to get back to my other stories. I hope you all enjoyed it, and I hope ObeliskX got something close to what he was hoping for.