hoping Reyna wouldn't be too mad. Looking around, Percy hadn't spotted Jason, yet, but was instead greeted by Octavian. "Greeted", of course meaning getting yelled at. "Having Greeks in the camp is one thing, Reyna," He spat while striding up to them, "but their Oracle? That lying, false, Greek bitch cannot be here!" Percy knew to let Reyna take this one, as much as he wanted to skewer Octavian there and then. "They are guests, just like the other Greeks Camp Half-Blood has so generously handed over to us." She said, clearly ignoring Octavian's choice of language. He just sneered at Percy at stalked off. "Still not warming up to us?" Percy asked, knowing Octavian had been shitty ever since his siege on Camp Half-Blood had been rendered futile. Still, he was let off since the Romans still needed their augur . Reyna laughed softly. "No, unfortunately not." Reyna and Percy walked the entirety of the camp, chatting and Reyna pointing out where needed what, going in-depth on the aqueducts. Percy grinned as he felt the pull of the Little Tiber, almost begging for a path to run again. Even though Percy was overjoyed to be back in Camp Jupiter, he couldn't help but feel dread in the back of his mind. Probably just from Octavian's outburst, he told himself. As they neared the barracks, Percy caught Jason. "Hey, Percy!" Jason had returned to being praetor of Camp Jupiter when Piper and Frank had both died, only coming back to Camp Half-Blood when Nico was in hospital and Percy was despairing at his side. Jason had been great, listening to everything Percy said, no matter how dismal is got. Percy definitely owed Jason. "Hey man," He greeted back, ignoring Reyna's glare for being so informal to a praetor. "I missed you and Nico this morning, coming back— we barely got the pegasi to take off without you, had to tell them you two had already left." Percy grinned. "We had, actually. Nico and I took a bus so we had to get an earlier start." Jason frowned while nodding in understanding, not bothering to ask why the two had taken mortal transport. "Anyway," He continued, "just ran into Nico and Rachael, who just ran into Octavian." Jason began to laugh. "Percy, you taught Nico so well, I swear. Octavian was on his ass but I was on the ground laughing." Jason managed. Reyna scowled, but Percy returned Jason's grin. It wasn't heartfelt though, he couldn't help but wonder why Nico would need to take down Octavian. He said goodbye to the praetors and headed off for the Ambassador's cabin, where he, Nico and Rachael would be staying. As soon as he was out of eyeshot, Percy dropped the smile. He hadn't taught Nico anything in the nearly two weeks they'd been living together. No training, no classes, nothing. Where Nico got his moves from, Percy could guess it was from his months in the Underworld. Or perhaps Tartarus. Percy shivered at the memory, brushing off other thoughts and simply wanting to get back to Nico. They needed to talk. ~ O ~ Even though the pounding in his head had waned once he and Percy had made it into Camp Jupiter, Nico still felt dread settle in his stomach. It was certainly different to the tunnel incident, but it wasn't any better. Nico left Rachael to get settled into her room, which she was sharing with some other Greeks. Nico made them promise to act as her guards, especially if Octavian was near. Nico knew Percy wouldn't put out if they ended up getting their Oracle killed. With a dangerous smirk, Nico entered the cabin he and Percy were sharing. It was a simple, worker's cabin, but Nico loved it because it was only him and Percy. Despite his newfound contentment, the dread didn't disappear from Nico's stomach. He sat down on one of the beds, trying to think of something else other than that he might be being haunted. Nico exited his thoughts when someone came in. A soft knock and a head of black hair peeking in, and Percy was sitting next to Nico. Just like that, the nausea retreated, which Nico thought was strange because it got worse and worse until Percy came in. That wasn't normal haunting behaviour, Nico knew. But at that moment, he was too distracted by his boyfriend to care. "Are you okay?" Percy asked, obviously about the Caldecott Tunnel episode. Nico mutely nodded, and instead of talking, opted for pulling Percy in for a kiss. It had been such a long, stressful day; Nico was ready for some alone time. Alone with Percy, of course. The older demigod accepted the kiss, but not accepting Nico's answer. With an entertained grin, Percy pull back. "What happened with Octavian?" He asked. Nico looked at his hands, obviously trying to hide his pride. "He tried to knife Rachael, so… It was a simple disarm," He said, but Percy found it hilarious. "Nico!" Percy's laugh was infectious, "you floored him!" Nico just chuckled at the memory, and resumed the kiss, which Percy didn't break this time. ~ O ~ Sadly enough, their night couldn't end there. Almost an hour later (don't ask) Percy had to drag Nico out of bed to come and eat. They reluctantly made their way to the Roman dining hall, located in the Principia . The two were met with giggles and a few catcalls when they entered, but Percy refused to remove his arm from around Nico's waist, much to the younger boy's discomfiture. Once they were seated, Percy leaned in close to Nico's ear. "Dinner tomorrow will be a little flashier," He said, and Nico shot him a questioning look. **Hehe, take that Octavian! But is Nico being haunted? That would put a bit of a dampener of everything… And what the hell was with the tunnel? Though it sounds like Percy has something special planned for tomorrow night 0.0**