"Am I imagining this," I said slowly, "or did she move up there really fast?" "If you imagined it, I must have too," Percy said. I have moments like that a lot, when my brain falls asleep or something, and the next thing I know, I've missed something, as if a puzzle piece fell out of the universe and left me staring at the blank space left behind it. The school counselor told Percy and me this was part of the ADHD, my brain misinterpreting things. I wasn't so sure. We went after Mrs. Dodds. Halfway up the steps, Percy glanced back. When he did that, I swear Mrs. Dodds disappeared right before my very eyes, in between a blink of my eye. What does she want from us? To buy Nancy a new shirt? But apparently that wasn't the plan. We followed her deeper into the museum. When we finally caught up with her, we were back in the Greek and Roman section. Except for the three of us, the gallery was empty. That was a bit strange, considering there was people other than us in this gallery earlier. I had a gut feeling something was very, very wrong here. Mrs. Dodds stood with her arms crossed in front of a big marble frieze of the Greek gods. She was making this weird noise in her throat, like growling. Okay, now I knew for sure something was extremely wrong here. "Percy…" I said. "You've been giving us problems, honeys," she said. "Yes, ma'am," Percy said. Really? He had to say that? She tugged on the cuffs of her leather jacket. "Did you think you could get away with it?" The looks in her eyes was beyond mad. It was evil. Okay, now I'm really thinking she is not normal. Or even human, if that's possible. "I'll—I'll try harder, ma'am," Percy said. "We are not fools, Percy and Ebony Jackson," Mrs. Dodds said. "It was only a matter of time before we found you out. Confess, and you two will suffer less pain." Pain? Now I was scared. "Well?" she demanded, after a moment of silence. "Ma'am, I don't…" I said. "Your time is up," she hissed. Uh-oh. Then the weirdest thing happened. Her eyes began to glow like barbecue coals. Her fingers stretched, turning into talons. Her jacker melted into large, leathery wings. She wasn't human. At least I was right about that. She was a shriveled hag with bat wings and claws and a mouth full of yellow fangs, and she was about to slice us to ribbons. If possible, things got weirder. Mr. Brunner, who'd been out in front of the museum a minute before, wheeled into the doorway of the gallery, holding a pen in his hand. "What ho, Percy!" he shouted, and tossed the pen in the air. Mrs. Dodds lunged at me, while Percy caught the pen. I screamed as I felt talons scrape my arm. I had been trying to dodge her, but one of my attempts was not successful. I saw Percy catch the sword. Wait, sword? Mrs. Dodds spun towards us with a murderous look in her eyes. I had run behind my brother, after getting scraped by the talons. I was now holding my arm, thinking about how we were going to die, at twelve years old, in a museum by our crazy pre-algebra teacher. Percy's hands were shaking so badly, I was surprised he didn't drop the sword. "Die, honey!" She flew straight at us. Percy swung the sword, as if he had been using it for years and was a natural thing to do. The metal blade hit her shoulder and passed through her body as if she were made of water. Then I heard a hissing noise. Mrs. Dodds was a sand castle in a power fan. She exploded into yellow powder, vaporized on the spot, leaving nothing but the smell of sulfur and a dying screech and a chill of evil in the air, as if the two glowing red eyes were still watching us. We were alone. Percy had a ballpoint pen in his hand. There were no scratches on my arm. Mr. Brunner wasn't there. The only person in here besides me was Percy. I hugged him, almost bursting into tears, because I was so scared. "We're safe," Percy said, as if he were trying to convince himself more than me. His hands were still trembling. We went back outside. It had started to rain. Grover was sitting by the fountain, a museum map tented over his head. Nancy Bobofit was still standing there, soaked from her swim in the fountain, grumbling to her friends. When she saw us, she said, "I hope Mrs. Kerr whipped your butts." "Who?" I said. "Our teacher . Duh!" I looked at Percy, confused. We didn't have a teacher named Mrs. Kerr. He asked Nancy what she was talking about. She rolled her eyes and turned away. Percy asked Grover where Mrs. Dodds was. He said, "Who?" But he had paused first, and he wouldn't look Percy or I in the eye, so we thought he was messing with us. "Not funny, man," I told him. "This is serious." Thunder boomed overhead. I shrieked, as I was terrified of thunderstorms. Percy put a comforting hand on my arm. I saw Mr. Brunner sitting under his red umbrella, reading his book, as if he never moved. We went over to him. He looked up, a little distracted. "Ah, that would be my pen. Please bring your own writing utensil in the future, Mr. Jackson." Percy handed Mr. Brunner his pen. "Sir," he said, "where's Mrs. Dodds?" He stared at him blankly. "The other chaperone," I said. "Mrs. Dodds. The pre-algebra teacher." He frowned and sat forward, looking mildly concerned. "Percy, Ebony, there is no Mrs. Dodds on this trip. As far as I know, there has never been a Mrs. Dodds at Yancy Academy. Are you feeling all right?"