He turned to his fellow Titans. "They broke him. They broke his spirit!" Kronos laughed, "He lost everything and everyone in a matter of days. Seriously, you don't have to be a mind reader, just look in his eyes!" The three Titans turned to Percy, and sure to Kronos' word, his usual vibrant sea-green eyes were empty. They had lost their light, and were devoid of any emotion except hurt and betrayal. His face was pale, he looked older, more tired, as if he hadn't slept for a week, which he probably hadn't. He didn't look strong enough to hold off a baby hellhound, never mind three Titans. Hyperion and Oceanus began to chuckle. "I guess we should be thank the Gods then. They just killed the only defence they had," Oceanus boasted, "We were coming here to murder you in your sleep, but it looks like the Gods are killing you piece by piece." "Well, we're going to go kill all those demigods down there, you can watch if you want. Maybe even join us and slaughter every last demigod in this Gods forsaken camp." Hyperion offered. "No. Never." Percy whispered. Kronos looked taken back. "No? But they betrayed you, tortured you and blamed you for something WE did. Even killed your family and you still defend them?" The Titan asked, not believing what he was hearing. Percy nodded his head wearily, "They used to be my friends, and I could never betray them no matter what they do. And Poseidon is-used," he corrected, "To be my father. I would die for them." Percy promised. "Well, they said loyalty was your fatal flaw, but I didn't know you were this loyal. But you were right about one thing, Jackson," Kronos spoke, "You will die for them." He grinned insanely and charged at Percy, his scythe appearing in his clawed hands. Percy brought out Anaklusmos and charged towards the three Titans. The three of them slashed, hacked, and swiped at Percy, but he was the best swordsman of his generation, and easily deflected the blows. He cried out when Kronos brought the scythe down across his chest. He kicked Kronos in the chest, and sent the Titan flying into a tree. Oceanus growled and slammed his shoulder into Percy's chest and he fell to the ground, hacking up blood. He staggered to his feet and glared at Oceanus before his attention was caught on Kronos, who was running at him. He did a 360° spin, slicing off Kronos' head. He then brought Riptide down through his body twelve times. Kronos' disembodied head gave Percy a withering glare before disintegrating into golden dust, his essence going back to Tartarus where it belonged. Hyperion growled at Percy, murder flashing in his flaming gold eyes, but also fear. He raised his sword and ran at Percy. His blade slashed across Percy's left arm, causing the boy to wince, but he continued to battle on regardless. Percy vaguely wondered why the Titans weren't using their powers. Then he realised that they must be too weak after dragging themselves out of Tartarus. However this moment of distraction coast him as Hyperion plunged his spear into his stomach, and he staggered backwards. "Now will you let us kill your so called friends?" Hyperion taunted. Percy grimaced and bent over, clutching the spear. "Never." The young hero replied, blood now pouring from his mouth and stomach. He had been in enough battles to know he shouldn't pull the spear out, in case it caused further damage. So instead, he broke off the shaft, which caused him a great deal of pain. Percy gripped Anaklusmos and ran at the Titan, bring his sword down in one fatal swipe. Hyperion never stood a chance as Riptide sliced through him as if he were butter. Unlike his brother before him, Hyperion died immediately. Percy whipped around just in time to spot the last brother running at him with their sword held high in the air. He ducked out of the way, his stomach exploding in pain. Oceanus stopped suddenly and raised his arms. The river next to the two reluctantly rose. Beads of sweat dripped down the Titan's forehead. He was so weak, he could barely control a river. Oceanus fashioned it into a point and tried to impale Percy with it. Said boy merely held up his hand and twisted the water, so the point was facing the Titan. Oceanus' sea-blue eyes widened in horror, and he turned to run. However Percy flicked his wrist, stabbing him in the chest. The Titan of the Sea collapsed on the earth with a sickening thud. Percy fell to the hard ground, the pain of the spear lodged inside his stomach overtaking him. His breathing became laboured. He gasped in effort as he dragged himself to a nearby river. he put his hand in, but he didn't will the water to heal him. No, instead Percy used the last of his strength to call his father. "Dad? Dad, it's me, Percy. I just came to say I love you, no matter what." Poseidon growled back in distaste, "Go away, Perseus. And don't call me Dad, I disowned you, remember? Now leave!" "Okay." Percy whispered, trailing off as his voice broke. He swallowed down a sob and stumbled away from the river before he lay down next to a tree. He pulled out a small box from his pocket. Inside was a silver ring with a large grey diamond gem in the centre, with two smaller emeralds either side of it. Engraved on the inside was Annabeth + Percy = Forever . He looked at the ring for a few moments, tears rolling down his cheeks. "Goodbye Annabeth." Percy whispered as he dropped the box and drifted away into unconsciousness. The Iris message faded, Iris standing in its place with tears rolling down her cheeks. Disclaimer: The PJO & HOO characters don't belong to me, but to Rick Riordan. *sigh* TW signing off.