children left in this world, and I've never even met Reyna or Hylla." Her form briefly flickered to Bellona. Athena raised a delicate eyebrow. "Did the laws stop you from seeing your son?" Enyo sighed. "That's different. His life was in danger, because he is the child of my Greek self, and not my Roman counterpart. Reyna and Hylla were fine, they made it to the Amazons and Camp Jupiter safely at a young age. Even before that, Hylla was quite skilled with a dagger. Zachary, however, not only is he forbidden, but his scent is powerful, almost as strong as the scent of one of the children of the Olympians. Like Ares's kids, for example." It was well known that amongst the minor gods, Enyo was powerful. Almost as strong as herself or Ares, making the scent of her children just as strong. When the Romans invaded Greece however, she lost a significant amount of power as the title of the Goddess of Destruction was stripped away from her, but not too much as the amount of respect she had as a war deity amongst the Romans. So she had one hero ready, now she just needed to look into the other possible candidates. She opened up her book, and flipped through a couple of pages, her eyes landing on a young African American woman. 'A mortal? Interesting...' Hopefully, Artemis wouldn't put up a fight when she ' borrowed' one of her hunters. ... Phoebe raised her Olympian Silver* daggers to block Thalia's spear. She struggled against Thalia's superior strength. Thalia, now appearing to be 21, smirked. "You giving up on me Phoebe? Come on, you'll be next in line for lieutenant you know." She kept pushing, making the daughter of Ares grit her teeth. " Is this the best you do? " There was that mocking tone again. Phoebe hated it. She knew it was just to test her patience, but that didn't mean it made it any less irritating. "I...won't...lose!" With a sudden burst of power, she was pushing Thalia back, the situation now in reverse. Then, she parried the spear by pushing, and then moved her dagger in opposite directions, making Thalia stumble and causing her spear to drop on the ground. Taking advantage of this opportunity, she pounced on her, her silver blades in a 'X' formation as they were both pressed against Thalia's throat. "Concede." Thalia rolled her eyes. "Fine, I concede . No need to be so dramatic you know." Phoebe got off her, a triumphant grin on her face knowing she had just claimed victory. She helped her lieutenant up, still grin-no, smirking more like it. "I'm not being dramatic, Thalia. I'm just bathing in the glory of my victory." The daughter of Zeus snorted. "Bitch please, you do realize that I'm still in the lead? 63 to 11?" Thalia dodged the arm that was aimed for her head. She looked at her reflection in a puddle. 'I'll never get used to this.' she was aging. Being a Huntress, she was supposed to be immortal, but unlike all her fellow huntresses, she didn't hate boys. Being with them has made her understand WHY she they hated men, and learned of all of their bad qualities. Needless to say, it was disgusting. But she knew that only a few men were like that, not all of them. The only real reason she joined the Hunters was so that she wouldn't have to deal with the responsibility of The Great Prophecy. She didn't want to live forever, she didn't want to outlive all her friends and family. Artemis, sensing her unhappiness, removed the immortal factor of being a Huntress. So, she'd live in peace, and she'd die in peace. "Hey, stop looking at yourself like a daughter of Aphrodite, and lets head back." Thalia scowled. Before she could retort however, a bright flash came from within their campsite. They looked at each other, and nodded. If this was a monster, they'd deal with it. ... "Well, this visit is rather unexpected sister." Artemis was currently in her twelve year old form. She had been shocked that Athena had just appeared in the middle of her campsite out of nowhere. Not even a warning. "Yes, well, sorry about the commotion. I just wanted to call in a favor." This made Artemis curious. 'Something's up.' Athena reached into her suit jacket and pulled out a picture. A very old picture, Artemis could tell, as it was covered in dust, and was quite wrinkly with a few cuts on the edges. The picture was in black and white, showing an African American family. The young girl, she recognized. She was one her hunters, a mortal girl. She looked back up at Athena. "She's one of my huntresses. What do you need from her?" "Only her cooperation. I'm forming a group of powerful demigods to stop any further conflicts from happening again." "And this group of yours...does Eliza really need to apart of it?" Artemis asked. Athena nodded. The goddess of the moon sighed, then looked up at her sister. "For when do you need her?" ... The Summer Solstice was approaching, and she had already sent messages to both camps to send over the remaining ten heroes she had chosen. The hunters were already searching for the son of Enyo in the suburbs of Long Island. Now, she just needed to announce it to the rest of the council, and make sure they approve of it. Next chapter, I'll be introducing two OCs. Who will they be? You'll find out soon enough. While you wait, tell me what you thought about this chapter (I don't think its that good but its a start). Who should be paired with who? Who should be close friends with who? *Its a metal I made up. Kills, monsters, werewolves and mortals, but isn't as durable as Celestial Bronze or any of the other godly metals. Follow, favorite and review. Bye guys.