near her for a week, and you should have seen her when she learned she could fly." Chiron laughed heartily and headed back into camp mumbling to himself, with Zoë following after him, leaving me alone in the forest. Perseus, close your eyes. I smiled and closed them, and almost immediately there was a bright flash of light. "Ok Perseus, you can open them now." I opened them and ran forward, enveloping my dad in a hug. "You haven't visited in forever." I pulled back and launched my fist into his stomach, and even though it probably hurt me more than him, it still made me feel better. "Well son, you know that last time I almost blotted out the sun and cast the world into eternal darkness, and lets just say Chaos was not very happy about that." He smiled his perfect smile that I inherited from him. He had sparkling white teeth, black hair, and black eyes that looked just like my own; basically the only difference between us was our hair color and skin tone. His was a pale color as mine was a more tan from mom. "So why did you finally decide to visit?" He smirked at my antics and held out his hand. The darkness around us condensed into a small cube. "This will turn into a tent that will look anyway you want, it's enchanted to look like a normal sized tent, but to look as big as you want it to on the inside." I smiled and grabbed the small cube from him. "You know this doesn't make up for the thirteen birthdays you still have left to make up to me." He smirked and waved his hands, and instantly my wings and blades shot out. "I thought that would make up for at least five." I seemed to ponder it for a second before launching into a hug with him. "Definitely." As soon as he wrapped his arms around me thunder boomed above and black lightning hit the ground next to me. "And that's my queue to go." I stared at the lightning in shock before s grin broke out among my face. "If you teach me how to do that than all of my birthdays will be forever covered." He laughed and gripped my shoulders tightly. "Percy, you can do anything I can do, although it may take some practice." And with those final words he left, and I made my way back into camp. Once I got to a clearing right outside the ring of cabins I threw down my cube and imagines a simple tent with one bed and nothing else, as I just wanted to go to sleep, and sleep I did. With no dreams I slept all night long, probably one of the best night sleeps I've had, and the last one for a while. I woke up and glanced at my alarm clock. It was eight which meant I had an hour to get ready before breakfast, but after a shower and getting dressed and everything I still had ten minutes left, but I figured I could get there a little bit early. Upon arriving at the amphitheater I realized that most campers don't get there until it was right on time for the meal, but Zoë was already here, not that I cared. As I walked over to an empty area and made a table out of shadows she gave me a glance before burring her face back into her book. "Come on Zoë, I know you don't like males in general, and I'm grateful you haven't harmed me yet, I would actually rather keep it that way, but I gotta know… why do you have some sort of personal vendetta against me?" She choose to ignore me and keep reading her stupid little book on… 'Best way to castrate annoying men'? Maybe I did need to leave her alone, but I was always pretty dense. "Give me one good reason that you hate me and I'll never bother you again. Just give me one good reason." I had walked over to her table and sat next to her, and at this time campers were slowly starting to file into the amphitheater. Zoë looked up at me with tears in her eyes and whispered two words before dashing out of the amphitheater and into the forest. "My past." I looked around and noticed that nobody had seen what happened, and after a while of thinking I decided to follow after her into the forest, only to find her running back into the amphitheater a few minutes after she left. She ran straight to Chiron and whispered something into his ear, and almost immediately he stood up and stomped his hooves, quieting all of the campers. "The quest for Lady Artemis must be issued immediately as a camper, Annabeth, has just been kidnapped by the same people that kidnapped Artemis. Zoë will go into the attic and receive a quest, and her members will leave before nightfall, she will choose everyone to go on the-." He didn't finish as an eerie green glow came from the back and slowly made it's way up to Zoë. "Impossible, she's never moved." Several murmurs like this slowly made their way about the crowd until the oracle reached Zoë. Five shall go west to the goddess in chains One shall be lost in the land without rain The prince of darkness shows the trail Hunters and campers combined prevail The titans curse must one withstand And one shall perish by a parent's hand Zoë shakily stood and faced the crowd. "My quest will depart before dinner, and as for who's going, I choose… Bianca, our newest hunter, Atlanta, my best tracker, Thalia, and… Perseus." Everything went so quite you could hear a pin drop. No one had expected the most male hating huntress to take a male she just met, but yet she did, and fate itself was altered.