out with Percy, because she was not losing her best friend to some drama. Percy still enjoys her presence, and continues to be in love with her the rest of the year. They vow to see each other over the summer because they were so close now. Unfortunately, due to Annabeth's trip to China, they could only see each other near the end, just before school started again. On orientation, however, the two are outrageously excited to have AP bio together. On the first day of school, during fourth period, the two sat next to each other almost automatically. Two months into school, the two are still as close as they've ever been. One day, Percy asks her to join him for lunch, since he had no one else to hang out with. Annabeth automatically accepted, even though she had already eaten, and they headed out for frozen yogurt. Annabeth waits patiently for Percy to choose his lunch, and when he's finished paying, she sees he's even gotten a spoon for her, even though she didn't ask for it. They talk about one of their favorite books for a while, and discuss whether they liked it or not. Percy claimed it was the best in the series, and Annabeth politely disagrees that it was good, but it was a sorry excuse for a last book ( A/N: All of you probably know which book we were talking about) . They went on and on, and then something clicks in Annabeth. She hasn't felt happy or this carefree in a long time, and suddenly she realizes something...oh no. She's in love with Percy. Annabeth would have bashed her head on the table if he wasn't there. Really?! Did this have to happen NOW? This would have been perfect last spring, but it wasn't last spring anymore! Ugh! Annabeth has to tell him though. She can't let this keep hanging over her head. Besides, there's a good chance he still likes her. So, with a stiff upper she texts him two days later, saying she needed to talk to him. Naturally, Percy got nervous. And when he got nervous, he didn't stop talking. "So yeah, and Ms. Haber was just like 'Percy, why would you do that?' and I just shrugged because I really didn't know what it was I did wrong and- Hey! Gabe! How are you? Haven't seen you in a while! Nice shirt! Anyways, Ms. Haber then said-" "Percy, stop. I know you're nervous. Stop." Annabeth rolled her eyes. Percy blinked a few times, stopping his rambles. "How did you know?" "You're talking nonstop and you keep running a hand through your hair." Percy pouted, and removed his hand from his scalp. "Look, maybe you know what this is about, but I feel like we should talk about this." Annabeth took a very deep breath. "I really like you." To be honest, Annabeth expected a different answer. Instead his answer was this: "UHHHHHH..." and it went one for about a minute. Annabeth almost made a disgusted face. Out of all the things he could have said, he chose to say something that was completely unresponsive? "Are you going to actually say something? Like what is this? Are you upset? Mad? Happy? Shocked?" "YES, I'M SHOCKED!" Percy throws his hands in the air, then places them on his head. Again, he began running a hand through his charcoal hair. "How could you, Annabeth Chase, be attracted to someone like me ? How could you be attracted to this!" He got up, gesturing himself, his arms moving up and down quickly. Annabeth raised an eyebrow at him. "Well you could have just told me you were shocked, instead of saying 'uhhhhh'." "What did you want me to say?" Annabeth shrugged her shoulders. "I was just kind of hoping you'd still like me, that's it." Annabeth didn't want to make a huge fuss about this. Honestly, it wouldn't break her if Percy didn't like her back, but she was hoping that maybe he did and something would happen. Percy sighed running a hand over his face. "Look, I don't mean to hurt your feelings, but I don't like you at the current moment. Besides, I asked you out last year, and you said no." "Yeah, but-" "And say I did still like you. What would happen? We'd run off together into a rainbow?" Annabeth's breathing nearly stopped. Why was he being such a jerk? "You don't have to be a jerk about this, y'know! That's so patronizing!" "What do you want me to say?!" "I DON'T KNOW!" Annabeth sat back down, burying her face in her hands. This was too much. They're juniors now, they should handle this some other way. Annabeth pushed her hair over her head, continuing to stare at the ground. All she wanted was for him to know. She didn't want a jerk response, she didn't want to fight, she didn't want to bicker about this. "I don't know what I want you to say." Percy sighed, taking a seat next to her. He wraps his arms around her, and she puts her head on his shoulder. He's always like hugging Annabeth, because she's always been just the right size. And, well, it always felt like a perfect fit. "So, what can we do?" Annabeth sighs. "I don't know, Percy. What can we do?" Well, we haven't done anything yet so you two are going to have to wait on that. Ugh. Seriously though. My best friend, Robert and I seriously need to do something. This has been going on for so long, that I honestly don't know what we're doing anymore. So yeah, I hope you enjoyed our story. The last part where I told him I liked him was just a couple weeks ago, hence the reason why there's a cliffhanger. Oh, and uh, I finally used my own art for a cover image so I guess that's pretty cool *thumbs up* Review this maybe? Thanks!