I shouted. "She's on our side!" " It's a hellhound!" he shouted back. "They're all evil!" Wow. This satyr is obviously new. I sighed and dragged him up the hill, past the pine tree. By then, Mrs. O'Leary had clawed the other hellhound to dust. "Good girl," I smiled. I went back up the hill with Mrs. O'Leary following me. She had been guarding the camp with Peleus. The satyr stared at me, then looked at Mrs. O'Leary like she was dirt scraped off the bottom of his hooves. I glared coldly at him, and he backed off. " What's your name?" I asked the new kid. " James. James Walker." " Hey James, I'm Percy Jackson." We shook hands. " Come on," I told him, reaching down to pet Mrs. O'Leary. "Let's go find Chiron." " Chiron?" " Yeah. He's the camp activities director. He's a centaur, half-human, half-horse." " A centaur?" " Yep. Ever heard of Greek mythology?" " Yeah." " All of the gods, Zeus, Poseidon, Hades, they're all real." " Uh… Ok." He looked shocked, but he was taking this better than I expected. " So do you live with your mom or your dad?" " My mom." " That means that your dad is a god." " Which one?" " He'll send a sign soon. How old are you? You look older than thirteen." " Yeah, I'm fourteen, fifteen in a month." I stopped in my tracks. My thoughts were racing. Fifteen? The gods hadn't been keeping their promises. I would have to talk to them. They had sworn on the River Styx! My face must've showed some of my shock, because James looked at me with a puzzled expression. "Are you ok?" " What? Uh… Yeah, I'm ok." I probably didn't sound too sure about that, but James accepted it and left me alone while we walked through camp. We found Chiron at the archery range, teaching the younger campers how to hold a bow properly. " Chiron!" I yelled, getting his attention. "A new camper!" He nodded, swishing his tail back and forth. "Godly parent?" " We don't know yet. They should send a sign soon. His name is James Walker. He's almost fifteen." We exchanged a glance, and I could tell that Chiron was upset about the gods breaking their oath so soon. We both stared above the kid's head, waiting for a sign to appear. The kid stared back at us with a look of confusion. Then the air shimmered above his head and a sign appeared. A green hologram of a trident. He was a son of Poseidon. Chiron gasped and my eyes widened. Poseidon? I never thought that he would be the first to break the oath. I was disappointed, and yet part of me was excited. I had another half-brother! But how had he survived fifteen years without being found by a monster? He was a son of Poseidon, one of the Big Three. He should have radiated demigod scent like a light beacon and attracted every monster within a one-mile radius. I didn't have time to ponder the question. It was almost dinner. At dinner, whispers broke out, and campers stared as I led James to the fire to sacrifice some food to the gods. The younger campers Chiron had been teaching had probably told everyone. I had given James a short five-minute tour before dinner, but he was still a little confused. I'd have time tomorrow to show him around again. " Quiet everyone!" The whispers died down as Chiron made his announcement. " All hail James Walker, son of Poseidon!" After dinner, I showed James the cabins, helped him settle in at cabin three and led him to the woods for capture the flag. Then I went back to the new salt-water fountain in my cabin and Iris Messaged my dad, telling Chiron I had something to do. Chiron understood and nodded at me, telling me to rejoin the game when I got back. Dad was in his underwater palace, talking to a merman. He noticed me immediately, and the merman was dismissed. " Hello Percy! How have you been?" " How have I been?" I retorted. "I just found out that I have a half-brother who you just claimed. He's almost fifteen . Why dad? Why did you break your oath? You swore on the River Styx." " Look, Percy. It's… It's just not what you think it is." He paused. " Then tell me! Tell me why!" " I… I didn't know." My anger ebbed away and was replaced by confusion. "You didn't know? How do you not know you have a kid?" " I… I just don't know how I didn't know… but I don't even remember him. I don't know who his mother is. I don't remember being with anyone after Sally. Your mother… I loved her, and I still do. But when James showed up at camp… Somehow, I just knew I had to claim him. He does look like one of my sons. But I can't drive away the feeling that he's just not mine." I was lost in thought. "Dad… I gotta tell Annabeth about this." " Alright Percy. Good-bye." He swiped his hand through the Iris Message. I saw Annabeth after capture the flag. Athena had won against Ares again, after Clarisse and her siblings decided to take out their revenge for me on James and accidentally shoved him into the creek. " Annabeth!" I shouted. " Hey, Seaweed Brain." I smiled, and then turned serious. I explained what my dad had told me about James. But even Annabeth couldn't figure it out. Then it was time for the camp sing-along with the Apollo cabin, and the Iris Message faded from my mind. End flashback AN: And there's the first chapter! So, do you like it? Any suggestions for the story is welcome, just don't feel sad if I don't make it that way you want. Review?