or two once I got the hang of my powers, but with no training there were a couple of times where if the wind hadn't of healed me a would have died. Yep, the wind heals me. Now it's no wolverine regeneration, but a broken bone will be fine by the end of the day, and I have better stamina then the monsters so that's basically the only way I can beat them. Now I stumbled across the border with an army of about 250 monsters trailing behind me. When the guards saw me I couldn't tell if they were more surprised from the fact I was turning into electricity and going through monsters, effectively killing them, or the sheer hoards of monsters chasing me. After a minute though they came back to reality and called in an army, but by the time they got there all that was left was I, with the world spinning and my face falling forward to meet the mountains of monster dust. I could barely stay awake for more than a minute, and I kept going in and out of consciousness. Every time I woke up there was a girl next to me, and as soon as I woke up she would bombard me with questions, but before I could respond I would just make some useless noise and fall back into the realm of unconsciousness. Finally I woke up, but I couldn't open my eyes or anything, I could just sit or rather lie there and listen to what was going on. "… can't be a son of Zeus, his smell is much more distinct and better than other children of Zeus and his smell and power radiating are even stronger than that of Zeus." I don't know who said that, but at that point thunder rumbled through the sky, and the same person that just spoke, spoke again. "Sorry, milord, but even you know it's true." This time there was no resounding thunder and the person let out a sigh of relief. It was at that moment that I got control of my body and shot out of bed. "No son of Zeus here, just Certus!" I had barely finished my sentence before my eyes were bathed in a golden light, and when it disappeared I was standing in front of a bunch of giant people on thrones, obviously the Olympian council. "Who are you demigod?" I gave the god, who was obviously Zeus with the lightning coming off him, a mock bow. "Percy Jackson at your service, son of Certus and Sally." All the gods looked at each other in confusion before Zeus turned his attention back to me. "So if you're the child of two mortals, what is that power rolling off of you?" I let out a booming laugh; making sure sparks flew out of my mouth while doing so. "Your mistaken god. My dad, Certus, was no mortal. He was the first creation of Helios, so strong that Chaos had to make Primordials to help her capture him when Helios' brother corrupted him with evil. Luckily he turned good and married my mom for almost twenty years now, and I was the result." They all stared at me shocked before Zeus charged up his little sparkler and shot it at me. Much to the surprise of the council I just laughed, and right before the lightning bolt hit me I stopped it. I then made it fly around in circles around me before shooting it into my body. The gods gasped in shock as I just grinned from the shot, and it even made me feel reenergized from all the monster fighting the past five days. Well that's assuming I wasn't out for a day or more. "S…Swear loyalty to Olympus… or else." Even though I had only known Zeus for less than an hour, even I could tell he didn't sound very confident. So I just laughed at him while firing a bolt big enough at him that even though he was the god of thunder it still hurt him. "Now, if you don't mind, I need to get back to camp." Before I could move one of the gods straightened up in his throne before green mist swirled around him. "Perseus ruler of the skies, Will all but meet his demise. The only one can save him not yet found, But it must be done for all to be sound. With this last person the quest will go, And find the threat with the only clues as 'time' and 'slow'. This is the most crucial part, The final member will be found from heart." Suddenly the god, which I now know is Apollo, slumped down into his throne and the green mist disappeared. All the gods looked stunned before Athena raised her hand. "The first line is obviously referring to Percy here. All agreed?" Everyone rolled their eyes but nodded their head. "The second line means he will be killed, but the third and fourth line says he can be saved if we find someone. All agreed?" Everyone nodded his or her head after thinking it through. "The fifth and sixth line say that once we find this person they will go on a quest and find a threat to Olympus, but time and slow could mean only one thing, and let's pray we're wrong. All agreed?" Everyone paled, but nervously nodded their heads. "The last two lines basically suggest that Percy will have to be the one to find the final member. All agreed?" Everyone but me nodded, and the only reason I didn't was because I didn't want to find this person by myself, especially since I already knew where they were, thanks to the mind link I made with my iphone and since it already told me where… Yancy Academe. A/N: Tell me what you think, and if you want to be a beta reader since I just found out about that. Thanks:)