"Hey Percy! Good to see you!" Then she pulled him into a hug. "Hi Mrs. Underwood. Good to see you too. I was here this morning but Mr. Underwood said you were at the store. And Grover already left for school. " "Yes well how long are you staying?" "One week. Dad is still overseas, but my Aunt and Uncle brought us here for fall break. Since you know what all is going on. Plus they thought it might be nice for me to see all of ya." "Well I am glad. You can go on upstairs they are all up there. Plus Piper she is here as well." "Awesome! Thanks!" Percy lead us upstairs. Percy leaned into the doorway while we stayed in the hallway. "So did ya miss me?" Percy asked the kids into the room as the stood at the door. "PERCY! Your back!" The girl with curly red hair exclaimed then came flying at him. "Yep. Hey Rachel. Hey guys, oh these are my cousins Thalia and Jason then Thalia's friend Annabeth. Aunt Callie made me bring them." "How long you staying? Your dad here too?" One of the guys asked. " 'bout a week. And no, just came for fall break." "Oh well at least we can hang out." "Yeah. Oh, I almost forgot, guys this is, Grover, Piper, Luke, and Rachel." He pointed to all of them to show us. We nodded showing that we understood. "How many days do you guys have left?" "One! And can't wait for it to be over." Piper told him. "Oh when is the new skate park being put in?" "June. And I can't wait but I want to wait for you." Piper explained. "Thanks Pipes and if everything goes as planned Dad is coming back close to Christmas. So hopefully we can skate when it gets put in." "Awesome!" "How old are you guys?" Jason asked. "We are all 12 but Percy is 13. He is the oldest." Grover explained. "Oh. I'm 7. Thalia is 8 and so is Annabeth." "Cool." They continued talking until Mrs. Grace texted Percy to come bring us home for dinner. We walked home which seemed to take forever. We finally go there since we ran the last block, Percy beat us all by a lot. We ate dinner together, Hamburgers and Mac'n'cheese. Then went to the living room where Percy hooked up his X-Box. We played on that until it was time for bed. I followed Thalia to our room and we got ready for bed. -TIME-SKIP-TO-THE-WEEKEND- It was now the weekend and we were alone with Percy. He made us dinner and lunch but breakfast was a free for all. Turns out he is a good cook. "I didn't know you could cook!" Thalia exclaimed. "Yeah well Dad can't cook so someone has to, and Thals there is a lot you don't know about me. Especially here." Percy explained. We ate our dinner then went into the living room to watch TV. Percy seemed like a cool babysitter he let us do what ever. We didn't do much but it was fun. The weekend flew by and then the week flew by as well, next thing I knew I was back at home sitting on my bed. I missed Kansas but my home was in California. I used to live in Virginia but my dad's job got moved. When we first came here I felt like I wanted to go home, to Virginia. But I can't imagine having 2-3 homes and bouncing between them. Many kids have 2 homes but they usually aren't states apart. Percy lives all over the country. Well he used to, I felt bad for him. -TIME-SKIP-BACK-TO-NOW- That is when I saw the real side of Percy, I have known him for about 6 years now. Yes he leaves a lot, especially since he goes to college now, he is 19. He is studying to be a marine biologist. Said he didn't want to go into the army like his dad, said he already moved round two much. Thalia and I are 14 Jason was 13 and Percy was 19 my brothers were 10. Percy moved out of his aunt and uncle's house and moved to New York, NYU for college. His mother had gotten out of jail when he was 14 and is now married with a daughter. I have never met her neither has Thalia, Jason, and the rest of their family. When Percy turned 14 and his mom got out of jail. For awhile Percy went there instead of here when his dad was gone. He did this for one time then during the summer he went to see his mom when his dad was home he was with him. And During the school year if his dad was gone he was with us. My best friends cousin ended up being an older brother to me. Someone who I could share my deepest secrets with and he wouldn't spill to anyone. He was the one I called when I had a terrible day. He could calm me down over the phone. He was my person. -TIME-SKIP-THALIA-ANNABETH-20-JASON-19-PERCY-25- Percy asked me out. I went to NYU to get my architecture degree and fell in love with him. We have been dating for 2 years now, he is my other best friend. Thalia is still number one but he is my boyfriend. I love him and he loves me. Percy's degree took 4 years to complete, he graduated when he was 22 so he has had a job in his field for 3 years. My degree takes 7 years so I have 5 more but I might be able to hurry it. I am excited for what life brings next. Life can be a mystery and some things happen for the better of others. -THE-END- That is the end of this oneshot. Thank you for reading and PLEASE REVIEW! They always make my day! Peace Out!