a bit in fear. "Just shut up and kiss me again." Artemis whispered as she grabbed Percy and pulled him back to her waiting lips. -10 Years later- Perseus the God of Time was sitting quietly watching a large glowing television. "What are you watching Percy?" Questioned Artemis as she leant against the back of the couch. She winced when she saw that he was watching the battle where her brother had fallen. "Why do you keep watching this Percy." She said as she grabbed his chin and made him look her in the eyes. "You and I both know you can't personally affect anything before your ascension and I can't believe I have to tell you yet again that you couldn't have done anything differently to prevent his death. Grow up and get over it you big lovable oaf." The sour mood he had been in was banished upon looking into his wife's silver eyes and hearing her giggle after calling him an oaf had him smiling brightly at her as gently kissed her nose. "Sorry beautiful, won't happen again. I promise, scouts honor." He said holding one hand in the air with the other over his heart. "You weren't a scout." She said playfully as she slapped his hand away. "I'm going to go get some rest, feel free to come too, gods knows you need some actual sleep at least once a week." Percy smiled at that. "Ok I'll be up in a minute, I just have to look at a few possible timelines to help a poor hero make a decision." Percy said calmly, Artemis nodded her understanding before walking away. Her words were still reverberating in his head, the same words she said whenever he watched his own life play out. He couldn't personally affect his own life but what if he could manipulate someone else into doing it. Calmly he reached out and watched as a glowing padlock appeared in mid air, an hourglass where the keyhole should have been. When he placed his hand on the hourglass the TV started playing more images. He recognized himself and those around him but the events were different to his own life. Of course this wasn't the first time he had viewed this possible timeline but now he was certain he had made the proper preparations to correct the mistakes that had happened during the war with Gaia. Calmly he turned the hourglass onto its side and he felt Kronos' power flood into the air around him, a golden glow surrounded him as he counted the seconds in his head, suddenly he snapped the hourglass back into its original position. The screen in front of him displayed a short scene before it went dark. A tear dripped down his cheek. "I'm so sorry Arty." He whispered as he walked out of the palace he shared with Artemis, the world seemed to be littered with cracks that you could see the swirling mass of chaos through. Artemis came running out of the palace second later in a panic. "What's going on Percy?" She questioned frantically. "Kronos slipped past my defenses, he has altered my past in an attempt to prevent my ascension." He explained, neglecting to mention that he had let him in. Artemis was now freaking out. "Don't worry love I've already begun mending the timeline… although some differences will be impossible to change." He said quietly. "Why is everything disappearing?" She asked. "The past that created this present no longer exists, our palace will exist outside of time in the swirling mass of chaos as the new timeline asserts itself, and when the time is right you and I will become one with our new selves and pass on our experience and memory." Percy explained calmly. Artemis was still distraught but she nodded slightly. "Now come on, you may as well get that rest while I go and begin the repairing process." Artemis nodded tiredly, this was a lot to take in. Once she was gone he turned the TV back on. The image that was displayed was upsetting but sadly for the greater good. It showed a much younger Percy shoving Annabeth Chase into the elevator that made up the doors of death and shutting the doors on her. From there he couldn't see himself any longer, if he tried to locate himself he found only darkness and when he tried to view past there he saw only blurred images, but he could still determine some of the people in the visions, one of these visions was a celebration after the defeat of Gaia, he could feel Apollo and others that had fallen in the battle. "If it saves all of them then I am a suitable and willing sacrifice." Percy said quietly as he turned off the TV and pulled out his pen. When he uncapped the pen it expanded into his scepter, his golden armor followed suit, including a helmet that covered his face. Pulling out a scroll he quickly wrote down some instructions on them before tucking them into his armor and flipping the hourglass on the end of the scepter, as the sand began to fall he disappeared in a flash of golden light. A/N : Recently I have been thinking about my story Guardian Eternal and the fact that the "original" timeline isn't that of the books and couldn't help but try and find a way to rectify that. Thus this little tale was spun. Personally I don't like how I did the fight with Gaia but it's still an improvement on Good Ol' Uncle Ricks fight scene. Um so hopefully this answers some questions about GE and helps establish a proper alternate timeline. If you have questions or want me to elaborate on any points or just want to point out plot holes and shit like that feel free to either leave a review or send me a PM… I usually answer them pretty quickly. Thanks Trigger2332 out!