it a bit close, didn't you?" Percy rolled his eyes before turning his attention to Annabeth, who had begun to speak. "Thank you all for coming. As you know, for too long our two sides - Camp Half-Blood and Camp Jupiter - had been kept apart. That separation ended almost two years ago and, today, we stand united." A small cheer went up from the gathered crowd. Annabeth caught Percy's eye and grinned; he grinned back as Reyna began to speak. "At Camp Jupiter, we have a haven for demigods and their families. A safe place where they can grow and thrive. New Rome." Annabeth spoke again. "And tonight, with help from our Roman companions, we will begin the building of a city much like New Rome on the west coast. Here, on the east coast, we will build the city of New Athens!" The noise that came from the crowd was much louder than before - it was several moments before Annabeth could make herself heard again. Together with Reyna, she spoke of the plans for New Athens, explaining the general ideas and timeline for what would take place. Finally, Annabeth turned to Reyna. "Are you ready?" The praetor nodded and followed Annabeth down the steps of the platform to a small patch of ground, marked off with ribbon. Two shovels lay on the ground nearby. Annabeth removed the ribbon and the two leaders each picked up a shovel. "Three," called Annabeth. "Two," said Reyna. "One," Annabeth replied. She and Reyna forced their shovels into the ground, symbolizing the start of building their new town. As the crowd shouted a third time, Percy slid out of his seat and stepped onto the stage. "Now," Annabeth called to the crowd. "I think we've kept you long enough. If you can all make your way to the Dining Pavilion -" "Annabeth?" Percy interrupted her. Her smile faltered for a brief moment. "Yes, Percy?" "Can you come back up here for just a moment?" Annabeth raised an eyebrow, but climbed the stairs to stand by him. "What is it?" she asked again. "Actually," Percy began, suddenly very conscious of the silent, watchful crowd. "I wanted to tell you where I went today." Her brow furrowed. "Is that all? You can tell me later," she said, and turned to walk back down the stairs. "I went to see your dad!" he blurted. She stopped mid-step and turned back to gape at him. "You what?" "And my mom and Paul, then Poseidon and Athena, and Chiron. I wanted to ask them each if I could ask you something and they all said yes." He kept going, trying not to lose his nerve; he took a deep breath. "We've known each other for years and I know we're still really young. I also know that it's your dream to create something that will last and you've started to see that come true. But I'd like to know if you would want to build something...permanent, with me." He fell to one knee and held out the ring in it's open box. Annabeth's hand jumped to her mouth and her eyes began to glisten. "Annabeth Chase, will you marry me?" She nodded shakily before reaching down and hauling him to his feet, saying "Yes...yes!" The voices of the Aphrodite kids in the crowd could be heard loud and clear over the deafening roar that immediately erupted, but Percy's attention was completely on Annabeth, who now had her arms around his neck and was kissing him fiercely. He pulled back far enough to hold out the ring again. "Then this is yours." Annabeth released him to take the ring and look at it more closely. The setting was a simple band of engraved celestial bronze with a small iridescent grey pearl for a stone. The pearl was surrounded by a ring of brilliant green seaglass. As Percy took the ring back and slid it on Annabeth's finger, he explained. "Leo helped me get his dad to forge it. He just finished this morning - that's part of why I had to go to Olympus." He looked at Annabeth. "He enchanted it, too, so if anything ever happens to it, it'll come back to you - like Riptide." Her eyes brightened. "And you," she whispered, and kissed him again as the crowd shouted themselves hoarse. ~PJO~PJO~PJO~ The assembled crowd filled the Dining Pavilion to bursting. Annabeth sat beside Percy - her hand hadn't left his since they stepped off the stage. Their table in particular was crowded; all who had been given a place of honor at the ceremony were sitting together - a dozen demigods, one mortal, two satyrs, one immortal daughter of a titan, a harpy, and a cyclops. Chiron was the only one not at the full table - he was at his usual spot at the head table. Percy had been conned into telling the others exactly what he had been doing that day. "So," he finished. "After I got to Olympus and got permission to ask from both Poseidon and Athena, I picked up the ring from Hephaestus and came back here." Annabeth blinked. "You really talked to my mom?" "And she didn't blast you for it?" asked Thalia, slightly incredulous. Percy grinned. "Nope. She said she'd be okay with it as long as I protected Annabeth and kept her happy." All the boys at the table groaned as Annabeth leaned in and kissed Percy yet again. "Dude," said Jason. "Can you stop?" Percy looked at him innocently. "What?" he asked, and pulled his hand free from Annabeth's to slip it around her waist, where it sat for the rest of the night. ~PJO~PJO~PJO~PJO~PJO~ So, there you go. I hope you all liked it. I have a few ideas for a continuation of this, drawing on a few hints I placed in Shadow of Night. Again, big thanks to introspecticskeptic, a beta in all but name. Thanks! Let me know what you think! Trekker