house," Percy replied. "Wait, you're where?" she was already getting up from where she was cozily snuggled up in a blanket and heading towards the stairs. Grover was about to follow, but Thalia stopped him before he could. He was about to ask her what was wrong, but the sly smile playing at her lips was enough to shut him up. "Just come on," Percy urged Annabeth. "I can't show you my gift unless it's up here." "Why do I need to see my gift on the roof?" Annabeth asked him as she bounded up the stairs, already on the third floor and one floor away from the roof. "You'll see," he said. She was about to argue again when he hung up, having no choice but to see what he wanted. Sighing, she took the last step and opened the small door to the attic. She had a small attic, and at the end of it there was a small window that she could step through and onto the roof. "Now, what is so important that I have to…" she had only stepped on the roof floor when she felt something soft hit her head. Looking up, she sucked in a small breath as flakes of snow fell on her. She laughed, mesmerized by the small white flakes falling around her. It would seem childish, but she never knew how much she'd missed snow until that moment. Looking back in front of her, she saw Percy standing, grinning, as if he was laughing at her. "But how?" Annabeth asked, her grin stretched all the way across her face. "I thought they said that it wouldn't snow this year!" He smiled. "Merry Christmas, Annie." "Wait," she said, furrowing her eyebrows in confusion. " You did this? But how–" "Never underestimate the power of the son of Poseidon." Percy said with a grin. Annabeth was speechless. It was one thing to go to the trouble and spend all the money and time in the world trying to buy the perfect gift that Annabeth would use every single day and treasure forever, but it was a completely different thing for someone to bend the laws of nature and make it snow , just for her. "I," Annabeth took a deep breath, trying to find the words to say. "I don't know what to say." "Hold that thought," Percy said, holding up a finger. "It's not over yet." Annabeth couldn't help but laugh incredulously. "There's more than this? How could you possibly find another –" She shut up when Percy pointed upwards. Looking up, she found that right above their heads was a small mistletoe floating in midair. Her first thought was questioning how it was just floating there, but hey, the guy was able to make it snow, so it was better to leave the matter unquestioned. She looked back at Percy in confusion, about to ask him what was going on, when a pair of lips attacked her mouth. Okay, to say Annabeth was surprised would be an understatement. She was shocked, confused, bewildered, happy, ecstatic, fantastic, amazing, and any other good word you'd like to throw in there. After just standing there, frozen by shock, she realized she shouldn't question the Christmas miracle and kissed him back. She could feel that Percy was relieved by her answer – it only dawned on her then that he was afraid that her freeze was that of rejection – because he cupped her cheeks with his hands as Annabeth held onto them, not wanting to let go. Unfortunately, they had to, since oxygen was also a necessity for life. When they let go and took deep breaths, all they could do was stare into each other's eyes. Okay, a little cliché, but it was like they could read all the years of pain and love in there. After all, the eyes are the windows to the soul, right? Annabeth cleared her throat when Percy let go and the mistletoe was gone with the wind. "Well, I stand corrected," Annabeth said, and they both laughed. "Since when?" "Well, I kinda got the idea from the snow ball thing–" "Not the snow, you idiot," Annabeth cut him off, laughing and rolling her eyes. "I mean… the kiss. You like me?" "Like you? No, no," Percy said, laughing nervously. Seeing the confused and hurt look on Annabeth's face, he smiled softly and brought his face close to hers, so she would have to look at him. Softly, he said, "I love you, Annie." She couldn't help smiling and shaking her head, still not able to believe it was actually happening. "I guess there really are Christmas miracles," she whispered. "I love you too." They were about to close in for another kiss when someone stomped onto the roof. Turning away from each other, they both saw Grover struggling to make it to the roof without falling on his butt and slipping on the snow. "What the?" he said once he stood on the floor and found it was snowing. "Thalia wasn't kidding! It really is snowing!" Looking over to them, his look of happiness was washed away by that of annoyance. "Wait, so let me get this straight," he said. "Annabeth gets snow, a kiss, and a declaration of love, and all I get are some stinking earphones? That's it, next year I'm getting a car!" Percy and Annabeth couldn't help laughing and walking over to his side. "We'll see, Grov," Percy said, looking at Annabeth and winking. "Who knows? Christmas is a time of miracles, isn't it?" A/N: How's that for a comeback? I don't know, I think it's pretty good. I don't even know WHERE I got that Christmas present idea, but I guess I also wanted it to snow this winter, so. But of course, that will not be happening. After all, do you see me hanging out with Percy Jackson? Anyways, your late Christmas present to me can be by reviewing! ~transluciiiid~