and said Hey , followed immediately by: I really like your music; could you sign this? And she held out a bag to me, saying: So that when you become famous and all, I can say that I was your first and number one fan. See, it sound like this should be the end of my story and I should tell you that I signed it and sent her off on her merry way and she inspired us to become great, but no. Not quite. "In fact, I signed her bag To our number one fan, Miss… because I never got her name. She got a call and ran off, without ever telling me her name. And I, admittedly rather interested in this strange girl, said that I hoped to see her again, to which she replied: Just dedicate your first Grammy to me. "So, here we are, Miss Number One Fan. All of this is thanks to you. Every time I saw you at our concerts, you inspired me, so thank you, and I hope to one day learn your name and get to know you." Annabeth wasn't sure quite when she had started crying, but when she reached up to scratch her face, it was wet with tears. They had remembered. Percy had remembered. Just when Annabeth thought she couldn't get any more emotional, she saw their performance. The lyrics of the song gave her a fresh flood of tears: Do you remember about me, what I remember about you? That smile, That hair, Those eyes, They make me stare. Like sunshine, Gold and curling like a princess, Storm clouds, oh! Do you remember about me, what I remember about you? Miss First, Miss Number One, Do you remember, do you remember? That laugh, That voice, That face, They make me stare. Like music to my ears, Like a thousand harmonies, A painting of perfect artistry, oh! Do you remember about me, what I remember about you? Miss First, Miss Number One, Do you remember, do you remember? Do you remember my face? Do you remember my voice? Do you remember the words I said? Because I remember, I remember! Do you remember about me, what I remember about you? Miss First, Miss Number One, Do you remember, do you remember? Your name, Wish I remembered, Wish I knew, Miss First, Miss Number One, Because I remember you. Annabeth didn't know what to say, what to think, what to feel. She was so overwhelmed by a wave of emotion that all she could do was stare, open mouthed at her television screen, tears flowing endlessly from her wide eyes. The song. It was about her, to her, and with that strange sixth sense you sometimes get, Annabeth could feel that Percy felt the same way about her, that she felt about him, and she wanted to rush over to him and shout: I remember! I remember everything about you, that you remember about me! My name is Annabeth Chase! I remember! The sad reality was, though, that she could not. Percy was an international rock star, and she was just a budding architect, sitting on her couch at home, watching him through a screen. 6. Annabeth was late. A few weeks had passed since the night of the Grammy awards, and Annabeth had moved on. She was in her first year at an architects firm, and she knew she had to focus on work. Still, while she was continuing on with her daily life, there was always an ever present, ghosting weight of regret, of sorrow that she couldn't meet Percy. Even she found it odd how attached she was to someone she had only met once, but she just had this feeling. As she brooded over this thought, which had become scarily more frequent, she almost ran down the crowded street as she hurried to the library for her monthly volunteering session. She was sad and frustrated as she roughly tucked her flyaway curls behind her ear in an effort to remove them from her face, when she was abruptly distracted by the sweet sound of a familiar melody. Not daring to believe her ears, she slowed slightly, nearing the source of the song. Too scared to hope, she only glanced for a second while she walked, and what – or whom – she saw brought her to a screeching halt. Percy Jackson was standing there on the sidewalk, alone: guitar in hand and a cap shadowing most of his face, singing that very first song that had started it all. Even with the cap, she recognised him, seeing the glint of his sparkling sea green eyes from under it, and his pearly white grin of sheer, relaxed happiness. Forgetting all about the library, she approached the singer, pulling a five dollar bill from her purse, dropping it into the guitar case in front of him. This time, however, she stopped and didn't move on, Annabeth faced Percy in all his handsome, musical glory with a small smile. She watched in amusement as his eyes stayed fixed on the bill for a few, startled moments, then they slowly moved up to meet hers. For what seemed like an eternity, they just stared at one another, green boring into grey, each reflecting astonishment, amusement and absolute joy. Gradually, his face broke into a grin, the likes of which Annabeth had never seen before, the likes of which could provide light for the whole universe. "Hey." She said simply, holding out a hand, "I'm your first and number one fan: Annabeth Chase. I'm glad you kept your promise." Hesitantly, as if unable to discern whether she was really there, Percy took her hand and shook it gently. "Nice to finally see you, Miss Number One Fan. I'm Percy Jackson." I hope you enjoyed reading this as much I did writing it. If people are willing to read it, I'm up for writing a continuation. Thanks for reading, Love, trinsa!