ARE NIGHT SO LETS GO WIN THIS GAME!" I shouted. They all yelled in hype celebration jumping up and down. "Nice speech bud," Jason said putting his helmet on and walking out onto the field. "Hey I want to be able to have a drive this game don't return it all the way!" I said. Jason just gave me a thumbs up as he walked out onto the field. 2 minutes later the ref blew the whistle and the game was off. The kicker kicked it to our 15 where Jason caught it and started to run towards the middle of the field. He broke a tackle and then kicked a defender out before he was taken out at our 40 yard line. "Let's go offense!" I shouted jogging out onto the field. We started out no huddle. We discussed our first 20 plays in the library today and we all knew them by heart. I started out in the shotgun with my running back Drake Giggs to my left. "Blue forty two blue forty two down set HUT!" The ball snapped back to my hands and I held the ball out for Drake. He ran for it and I pulled it out from his gut the last possible milia second. The defense was totally confused as I rolled out in the bootleg. I looked short, then middle of the field. Then I saw Jason with his arm up calling for the ball deep. I stepped up and threw a lob down the field. The high arching ball came down in a tight spiral at the 1 yard line where Jason caught it wide open and stepped into the end zone . The crowd went nuts as I ran up to Jason in the end zone. We jumped up and hit are backs together. "WHEW NICE THROW BABY!" He said slapping my butt as we jogged to the sideline. "I hit his back. "Nice job road runner," I said giving him a wink. Jason cracked a smile as we watched Leo hit the extra point. Tigers-7 East - 0 We watched from the sideline Frank come hard on a blitz that the offensive line wasn't expecting. He got a free run to their QB. Frank hit him hard and the ball squirted out. Frank scrambled up and grabbed the ball taking it for a touchdown. 14-0 end of first The rest of the game was really a blur. Drake had a 160 yards rushing and a TD . I threw 3 TD passes and ran for a 50 yd. touchdown with 360 yards passing. 100 of those going to Jason with 2 TD grabs. Late in the fourth East High finally scored a touchdown off a 34 yard QB scramble. 49- 7 end of game. We rushed into the locker room hooting and hollering like a bunch of maniacs. Coach hedge gave a speech and gave me the game ball right after they all walked out. "Alright boys I hope u packed your party clothes cause where having a PARTYYYYY!" Leo shouted. Time skip. I entered Jason's house with loud music pumping and a bunch of drunk teenagers. People where playing beer pong of just dancing around or making out everywhere. I easily spotted Kenzie and walked over to her. "Hey babe," I greeted. She turned around. "H-hey percyyyy," she said slurring her words. "Are you drunk all ready?" I asked. "Yeah come on have a beer!" She said. "I rolled my eyes and grabbed a red plastic cup and took s drink. After 4 drinks and dancing some I realized I hadn't seen Jason. "Have you seen Jason!?" I asked over the music. "He went upstairs with Piper about 10 Minutes ago," She said taking another drink from her cup. "Wanna follow?" I asked. She dropped her cup and grabbed my arm. "I thought u would never ask," she said. We walked upstairs and found an empty room. I locked it behind us and Kenzie attached her lips to mine. We where soon both naked and on the bed having the time of are lives. Annabeth pov Thalia made another shot in beer pong. "Come on give it your best shot!" Thalia challenged. I watched as the ping pong ball missed the cup completely. "Alright Annie make this shot and we win!" She said drunk. I rolled my eyes and shot the ball. It hit the rim of the red cup and bounced in. "Wooooo!" Thalia yelled clearly pleased with the outcome. We walked around danced a little then saw Jason and Piper coming down the stairs. "Where have your two been?" I asked. "Loosing my v card that's where!" Piper said drunk. "Wooo! Touchdown!" Jason said falling down with Piper landing on top of him. I laughed and walked on. Time skip morning Percy pov I woke up with Kenzie's body rapped around me. And one other thing she was naked. Last nights advents came rushing back to me and I was shocked. Kenzie woke up 2 minutes later. "Well I can see shit happened," Kenzie said laughing. "Yep," I said sitting up. I looked to the floor and saw a used condom. "Hey we where sober enough to use a condom!" I said. She laughed and rubbed her head. I dressed and stumbled down stairs. I saw Jason and Piper rapped in each others arms at the food of the stairs. Leo and Calypso Sprawled out on the couch and Thalia on the bar table. I rubbed my head and shook my head At the scene that I saw and walked out the door and drove home. That's chapter one don't worry it will turn out Percy/Annabeth. Kenzie and Percy's relationship will soon go down hill. Also I would like u to review any ideas that u have or PM me. When u guys review on what u like about the story it really helps out and makes me want to write more and upload quicker. Thanks.