mouth as she started to grow claws. Percy just stared at her with his arms crossed as she flew a bit with her flapping bat wings in the air "She's not human" Percy thought as he tried to analyze what type of monster she was "This is it" She snarled as she flew at Percy in high speeds. Percy don't move as he just crossed his arms in front of him and right when she was about to crash into him Percy moved aside as she was still flying ahead so instead of crashing into Percy she crashed into a statue of Zeus. "Percy Catch!" Percy suddenly heard a shout as he moved his eyes from the down monster and towards the wheeling Mr. Brunner who threw something in the air right towards him, Percy stared intently at the object as he jumped in the air and grabbed onto it with his hand. He looked down on it only to blink as it was a pen but before he could say anything the pen turned into a bronze sword as he finally landed on the ground without making a single sound in his area when suddenly "Rrrrrrraaaaaaaggghhhhhh" He turned around only to see the recovered Mrs. Dodds who was now charging at him with vicious eyes. Time slows down as Percy got into a stance with his sword in a reverse grip on his right hand as he bent down slightly "Draw" He raised his sword as Mrs. Dodds was now in front of him "Now you die!" She yelled out as she threw her right claw at him in a chance to slash him on his chest to end him. Before the claw reached him Percy ducked under the claw as he slashed his sword upwards without looking in three directions as Mrs. Dodds flew right passed him as she landed a good distance away. "You missed" She said with a smirk on her face before she widened her eyes as she felt an extreme amount of pain going through her body so she looked down slowly just to feel immense pain in her body in three parts. First her pair of legs fell off then her stomach and the monster could only blink as she felt her head being severed as the only thing she could do was scream in pain and then it was silent. Percy turned and merely looked down as the bronze sword transformed back into a pen as he looked back expecting to see the dead body of Mrs. Dodds but blinked in surprise as the only thing left in her place was a yellow powder that was in a pile together. Percy looked around and realized that he was all alone by himself again and was now looking back at the pen that was just a sword a few moments ago with critical eyes "It's just like a stick" He absentmindedly thought to himself as he started thinking on how fast he used the sword especially considering it was his first time using the sword. When Percy was young he had to learn to protect himself as he was kicked out of the house for a while by Gabe so he learned how to protect himself with a stick, He learned on how to attack with a stick and what position he needs to hurt the person or thing that was posing a threat to him. Mostly though it was only wild dogs in the neighborhood that he used the stick to defend himself sure he gained a few bruises a few times but he was able to perfect it. So he guess that he just thought of the sword like a stick and learned how to use it in an instant "Although" Percy thought as he stared at the place where Mr. Brunner was but now the only thing he could see was an empty spot so he started walking outside of the museum. *Lightning roar* Percy looked up at the sky just to find it raining now but he ignored it in favor of finding Grover and that was when he noticed that Grover was near the fountain reading a museum map, He then looked beside Grover just to see the new clothed Nancy along with her friends as they still complained that they're new clothes were wet. Percy has now started walking up the mountain as Nancy saw Percy and called him over "Hey Percy do you know where Mrs. Kerr went?" She asked with a curious tone while Percy blinked "Who is that?" He asked because he never heard of a Mrs. Kerr in his life before as Nancy looked at him weirdly. "Our teacher of course" She then turned around to talk to her friends some more so slowly Percy started walking to Grover and stood at his side as the other teenage boy just looked up at him and away from the map "Hey Grover do you know Mrs. Dodds?" Grover widened his eyes a bit before he hesitantly said "N-no I don't w-who's that bro?" Percy found it weird that he hesitated and asked again. Yet the reply was still the same Percy was now narrowing his eyes "Something was definitely wrong!" he thought as thunder roared in the sky. Noticing Mr. Brunner Percy went over and gave him back the pen "Thanks Mr. Jackson I was looking for this". He quickly put the pen in his pocket, Percy then asked him the same question he gave to Grover only to get the same response "Who is Mrs. Dodds I never heard of her at Yancy Academy" and with that again Percy narrowed his eyes. He then turned his eyes towards the dark clouds in the sky "Why do i feel that my life's gonna get even more troublesome?" He thought to himself with a troubled look. (Thank you for reading my work and I am extremely sorry if I had wasted your time valuable readers)