at bay. We go to the same school y'know, and he comes over and play with Nico and I in our house ever so often. He lives just across the street, in his dad's bakery." Percy wrinkled his nose out of annoyance, over what he wasn't quite sure, "I could come over and play ever so often too, right?" "Sure you can! We could go on adventures in your boat too, and when it's night time, we could tell ghost stories!" "Yeah! Well… all that except the ghost stories. My little brother Tyson doesn't like them very much." "Oh, it's okay then! We can do plenty of other stuff." Percy looked down at the book in Hick's lap again. "What about the bunny, Edward? Does he take care of Sarah too?" "Well, he's a toy, so he can't really move but he lets little Sarah hug him so she'll feel better. The main concept of the whole story is that Edward learnt to love." A look of amusement formed on Percy's face. "Learn to love? You just feel it, you don't need to learn how to love!" "Sure you do," Hick replied, closing the book shut. "You may not realize how to love even more sincerely until you've been through a lot of experiences. Like Edward's journey encounters." Percy didn't reply, unsure what to make of it. It was all too puzzling. Aware of his silence, Hick reached for under her pillow and took out another book. "Perhaps you'll like this one much better. It's got adventure and isn't so complicated. I've had it since I was seven and read it over many times. You can keep it if you like." The cover read Tom Sawyer, Detective by Mark Twain. "It's a sequel to another book, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer," she explained. "But I don't have that." The book title must have been no stranger to Percy because he sat up straighter the moment Hick spoke of the literary classic, "Really? I've got that at home! I could lend it to you if you like!" "You could? That'd be nice! It's an old rare classic my dad couldn't find and keep safe. People tend to burn books at their fireplace when winter comes." "Why? Can't they just switch on the heater?" he said. From the looks on Hick's face, he could tell he must have said something stupid. "You're not from around here, are you?" she inquired. "You must belong to the divisions uphill. Division 13 houses don't have heaters and the number of trees we have here are dwindling. Books aren't becoming very important now a days when people are trying to simply get by, which upsets mom and dad sometimes." Percy flipped through the yellowed pages. "Well, I'm from Division 2 and we have lots of books back there. And heaters and food. Maybe we could share these with Division 13, and books won't have to be burned here." "Yeah?" "Yeah! My dad's in charge of Division 2. I could ask him and he could do it!" Her face lit up, which he thought was a good sign. "You could make that happen?" she asked. "Well… maybe not. I don't know. He's hardly home and I left with Grover and Tyson to find him, but we lost our way after a while. My mom is probably worried sick right now. And very angry." The two children fell silent at the scary idea of an angry mother. Hick reached out and wound her arm around the boy's shoulder. "It's okay, Percy! Mothers don't stay angry for long. They'll scold and then forgive and make hot cocoa to make you feel all better. That's what my mom – " A huge yawn emerged and she covered her mouth with her hands. "You must be sleepy," Percy said. "We should probably go to sleep now. Come on! Let's lie down!" "Okay!" And the torchlight went out. "Percy?" "Yeah, Hick?" "Can we hold hands?" "Okay," he replied, reaching out and intertwining his fingers with hers. She smiled up at him, "I'm glad we could become friends." And there they laid, staring up at the bedroom ceiling and the fat white clouds clumsily painted on by Hades, and then artfully repainted to life by Bianca. Everyone else in the room had long fallen fast asleep, and Grover's soft snores could be heard from across the room in the silence. The present… Year : 309 AM ( Anno Mortuus , Year of the Dead) Place : Westmill Town The dark, desolate sky above was nothing like her old bedroom ceiling's bright white clouds. If only I could turn back time, Hick thought but never said. She got her back off the grass and walked to the mansion front door. It was getting dark. Staying in the garden any more longer let alone sleeping in it would be dangerous, should any zombie manage to break in. So she took to prodding the keyhole, once in a while looking through to see if there were any zombies inside that could potentially jump her. It only took a few minutes to hear that satisfying click and have the doorknob turn. Hick opened the door to an empty hallway. Eight years ago… Year: 301 AM (Anno Mortuus, Year of the Dead) Place: Sector Olympus, Division 13 An eight-year-old Hick stood where what used to be her house hallway. Everything was dust and peeling plaster and broken bricks. For the first time in her life, she understood what real fear was. It renders you immobile, makes you want to get inside a cabinet and hide; your heart pounds hard and fast and you feel like the whole world's caving in on you, crushing what little bit of hope and courage you've got left. Sirens were blaring, people were screaming being eaten alive, and you couldn't hear your own thoughts even if you tried. The help Percy promised from Division 2 never came. It never came. To be continued.