corner of the living room and another was staggering around, their words slurred. Mr. Chase led us further into the house to the basement where we were bombarded with people, asking questions and smiling, patting me on the back, introducing themselves. So many voices spoke at one time, making it impossible for me to tell who was saying what. "Enough, enough, the boy's not used to so much attention at one time." Mr. Chase shouted to be heard over the booming voices. The crowd slowly receded and went back to what they were previously doing. The Chase's dispersed and went their own separate ways, doing Zeus knows what. I stood by myself, unsure of what I should do and where I should go. Suddenly, I caught sight of Annabeth walking back up the stairs. Deciding it was between standing there like a loner and following her, I quickly ascended the steps. When I reached the top, I lost sight of her in the mass of people. I circled around the house until I found her sitting in a rocking chair tucked nicely in the corner of the living room, eyes glued to her IPhone 5. I shouldered my way past the party guests and stood beside the arm of the chair. "Hey. I don't think we've been introduced, but I'm-" "I know who you are," Annabeth said, her eyes never leaving the screen. "And I don't care so leave me be and do whatever strange, poor people do." "I'm sorry, but I don't know anyone here and was wondering if I could…maybe…hang out with you." She laughed, right in my face. But it was humorless and cruel. "Okay, take a look at you and then, look at me. See the difference? I'm rich, popular, famous, and pretty and what are you? A lonely little loser who has absolutely no future, no money, and nowhere else to go. Being seen with someone like you is social suicide. I might as well hang a sign around my neck that says "I'm with living with a dirty orphan whose mommy didn't want him." My blood boiled in my veins, ignighting into a bright flame that can only be tamed if I shot down Big Head and her enormous ego. "I'll have you know my mother cared about me, loved me." I shouted, my voice reaching an earsplitting pitch. "Then, why'd she ship you off to live with us so she could live her happy pappy life?" She spat cruelly, matching my tone perfectly. "Because if you weren't so caught up in yourself you'd know that she's dead. She died in a car accident. She was rear ended by a drunk driver on her way to the grocery story and swerved out of control. She was killed on impact, but you'd know that if you cared about anyone but yourself for once, you narcissistic bitch!" Now, I was furious. She can belittle me, but there is no way in hell she's going to talk about my mom. Annabeth gasped, eyes wide, mouth ajar, her fair skin pale. "Oh my gods. Percy, I didn't know. I-" "You would if you'd get your head out of the clouds and back down to earth." My voice was calmer now. Reality settled in and I came back from my monster-like rampage. The party was silent, not a soul moved, not a voice was heard, no sound emitted from the radio. Everyone was dead quiet and listening to our exchange. I turned away, unable to stand another minute of looking at Annabeth, and sprinted through the house as fast as my legs could carry me. Stopping at the bathroom, I pushed the door open and stepped inside, closing and locking the door behind me. And broke down into tears, sliding down the wall behind me as I blubbered like a baby. This was how I'd imagined living with the Chase's. Feeling like I out of place, unwanted, unloved, and now my biggest fear just came true. I didn't fit in, I didn't belong and I certainly never would, as Annabeth just made clear as day. No one cared, no one. They don't care, all this stupid family does is make me feel inferior to them. I'm just their charity project to look good for the press. That's all I'll ever be. My mom used to tell me that all I'll ever need to be was myself, but now everything is so strange, different, alien. I'm being forced into fancy clothes, going to house parties in multi-million dollar houses crawling with celebrities. Now being me feels like a bad thing, now I stand out and aren't accepted, loved, like I'd been back home. But no matter what, I won't let them change me. As my mom once said, "Don't change for anyone, but yourself, Percy. If you like the way you are, then stay that way. You're a wonderful person and don't let anyone tell you otherwise." And I like the way I am. I won't change and not a soul could make me. Not the Castellan's, not the Chase's, not Walter, not anyone. When I turn 18 and leave to get on with my life, I'll be the same walking out as I had been walking in. So, if Miss Priss wants to change that, she better bring a mop to wipe up her tears when she fails miserably. She wants to make my life hell; well, two can play at that game. Best of luck, Chase. You don't know it yet, but you're gonna need it. Let the games begin. Hello, wonderful readers. Hope you like the chapter. Leave a review and tell me what you think. Continue? Don't continue? Love it? Hate it? Let me know. OH and a huge thank you goes out to those who have read/reviewed/followed/ favorited my other Percy Jackson story, Inmate 518. If you haven't read it yet, give it a shot. I'd love to hear your thoughts on it. Thanks, ~TwistedTrident~