hands and violently hurled to the floor in a shower of shattered glass and flood of amber. And there, in the middle of it all, Thalia stood, breathing ragged from a deadly concoction of both anger and exertion from the sheer savagery with which she'd thrown the bottle. Fear was written plainly across her face, her icy blue eyes electric with the force of her anger, and Percy couldn't help but think that her entire body practically crackled with electricity, primed like lightning about to strike soft soil. "What the fuck happened?" He stared back at her with silenced lips, for if he opened his mouth, he was sure he would scream. Thalia shook her head, a faraway look in her eyes, melancholy permeating from her very pores, and Percy's stomach knotted painfully. She'd done so much for him, gave up huge fractions of her life, comforted, encouraged, all for him. And this is how he repaid her kindness. Shame swelled in his chest. "I don't know what to do anymore. You're caught in a vicious cycle. It's like…you take a step forward, but then take two steps back. We can't keep going on like this." His throat too tight to speak, Percy just nodded and hoped she could see the regret in his eyes, the mortification of having failed her, spat in the face of her kindness. He hated himself then, more than he ever had, as he felt the vile feeling hook its talons into his heart and twist their serrated edges deeper and deeper into his soul. No longer could he stand there looking at her, at the sorrowful and careful way she regarded him, as though he was a glass sculpture dangling precariously on the edge. Percy could detect the gruffness of clogged emotion, the catch in his voice, as he said, "I'm going for a walk." It must have been fate, Percy was sure of it. Misery loves company, as he well knew, and there, company stumbled upon him. Even so, he fervently wished it was someone else, anyone else, because he couldn't stand it, couldn't bear even the slightest thought of it. Yet, there it was before him—the most depraved and vile truth he'd ever had the displeasure of knowing. While his nightmare ended, hers was just beginning. Percy watched in horror as the moonlight silvered the man's cocked fist, glinted off the ring circling his finger. Flinched at the crack of fist on flesh. The yelp of pain that echoed through the alley and into the night. His feet couldn't leave the pavement fast enough, eating up the distance between them, but he was too slow and they too far. He heard the murmured apologies, the promises that it would never happen again. A weight settled into his gut as he watched the two of them walk off hand-in-hand, a shock of blond hair trailing off into the night. The first thing he did upon his return home was pick up the cap, for he was drawn to it as though tethered to him. And with it surfaced a memory, one he'd held close to his heart. Percy was running, breaths labored, hands clammy, heart thundering in his chest. Black spots danced before his vision, and he begged inwardly that his consciousness would not abandon him, not now. But it did. The next think he knew, he was opening his eyes, blinking away the blackness that drew him in, and was met with a pair of inquisitive, gray eyes blinking down at him. A girl, about his age, seven at the most, hovered over him. She nervously tugged at the bill of her Yankees cap before, looking into his eyes once again, tugged the cap from her head. " My mom gave it to me before… It makes you invisible, that's what she told me." She ran her fingers gingerly over the bill. Her eyes pored over Percy's face, at the blood that crusted his nose and the scrapes that stung his cheeks, and then past him, towards the thundering footfalls and slurred curses of his step-father that sent the birds into flight."Maybe you need it more than I do," she whispered, placing the hat atop his head, and then she was gone. With deft fingers, fast as he could, he tucked the hat into his waistband and covered it with his t-shirt so as to hide his one worldly possession from the man who thrived on taking them away. He'd needed that then, clung to the hope of the hat's invisible properties, the power that would cache him from his tormentor. Percy had known that it had been the work of a child's fairytale, a conjuring of childlike wonder that held no shred of reality, and yet, the hat did possess a power, for even if it didn't make him invisible, it instead made Percy invincible. At least, he felt that way; it reinvigorated him, revitalized his hope, strengthened his beliefs that there was more than this, more than the abuse. That there were kind people inhabiting this Earth, people who healed wounds instead of wrought them; he only had to escape his hellhole to see that. There was a time when he'd needed that hat, had sapped its strength and siphoned it into himself, but that was long ago, a lifetime, it seemed. Eyes staring vacantly in the distance, still caressing the cap as though it might crumble to dust if held too tightly, Percy whispered to the open air. "Maybe you need it more than I do, Wise Girl." Just a little side note: in future chapters, there won't be quite so many line breaks, I promise. For the sake of this particular chapter, it just worked out a little bit better to do it that way. Also please give me feedback! Constructive criticism helps me immensely! I personally have no experience with such topics, so if there is an inaccuracy, I do apologize in advance. Thank you :), TwistedTrident