for a while you see a star twinkle or a meteor fly past. "Hello son." Said the Red Eyes. I rose an eyebrow at him, despite my fear I tried to act confident and said, "Who are you guys?" The girl snickered, "We are your real parents. I am Asteria, Titan of Necromancy and Falling Stars." The male said, "And I am Moros, primordial of Impending Doom, which is why you felt so little and powerless when you looked at my eyes." Asteria looked at my proudly. "You see, my husband, Perses, Titan of Destruction, was cheating on my again for the seventh time this week. I got tired of it, so I called an old friend. He started to console me, and it turned into… well I'm sure you can guess." Both Moros and Asteria were blushing. I smiled faintly and said, "Oh I see, you needed that type of comfort." Asteria glared at me. "Even after what just happened, you can still be easygoing and joking. You got that from your dad…" she said. I must have looked a bit depressed, because she started to talk again. "After we found out I was pregnant, well, let's just say Perses wasn't too happy. He challenged Moros to a duel and got his ass whooped. Once you were born, for some reason you were a demigod, with red blood and not golden ichor. The Fates flashed down and told us you would be needed as a demigod or else Saturn and Gaea would destroy the world. They took you from us and gave you water powers and blocked your powers you got from birth and they made Poseidon think you were his son." She started to get to emotional, so Moros took over, " We were sworn not to talk or help you until you were about to die or you reached the age of 18." I looked down tried to cope with this. Not only was my ex-father not actually my own dad, but my actual parents were sworn against doing anything, forced to watch their child grow up and not able to do anything. "Wait, what about Sally, my 'mom'?" I asked. "You were adopted, but Sally never wanted to tell you. She's still your mom, just not biologically." Was the answer. I nod. "What about Thalia?" Moros cocked his head to the side thinking. "Uhh… Asteria where did we put the girl?" Asteria looked up with bloodshot eyes, probably form crying. "You're office, remember?" He nodded slowly, "Oh Yeah! I'll get her once we are done. Anything else Percy?" "Yeah, did I die?" Moros laughed, "Oh, no, no, no, not yet at least. We saved you at the last second. One thing Perce, you got some dramatics from me, so I want your entrance back from the dead to be spectacular!" Both Asteria and I laughed. Then the Fates flashed in. All three spoke at once. "Perseus Jackson. Now that you know of your heritage, we shall give and take a few things. First, the posion knife didn't completely take away your water powers or your Achilles curse, so we shall take them away now." I felt my skin crawl, and I felt… vulnerable. Then my connection to the sea disappeared. "Now, we unlock your birth abilities. First, the ability to make anyone feel Impending Doom. For about a minute, they will feel as if life has turned against them, and they will more than likely cower in fear at anything and everything. It lasts for one minute and has a recharge, so be careful. Next is Necromancy. You know of a child of Hades who can summon the dead yeah? You can do the same, except you can do a lot more and get less tired. For example a son of hades can summon 100 skeletons and be knocked out cold instantaneously, while you can summon 100 and only get about halfway tired." They took a breath and continued, "Next is Stars, You can summon Meteors to throw at your foes, largest one you can summon is about the size of your pet Miss O'Leary. Also, you can summon the light of a star and blind your opponents for a short amount of time. For now that is all. Moros, Asteria, one may give a weapon, the other a different weapon. Good luck Hero, you'll need it." With those final words, they flashed out. Asteria cleared her throat. "Well, then, my baby boy is gonna kick some serious ass!" she said and jumped for joy, then squished me. "But first he needs his weapons. From me, you'll get a sword that when you cut someone, they feel the effects of my domain for about a few seconds, but that's all you need in the tide of battle." He gave me a watch and I put it on my wrist. When I tap the middle, it forms a sword that was completely red and gave off a scary aura. I gave it a test swing and it felt exactly like Riptide. "Do you know how to duel-wield?" Moros asked. I nodded. Asteria gave me two black handguns that had stars all over them. "Do you know how to shoot?" my mom asked. I shook my head. She nodded and pit her hand on my head. After a moment she removed it. "I gave you the knowledge because you don't have time to be taught. Know that you still suck at Archery though." Moros gave me a manly hung and said, "Good luck son." Asteria hugged me as well, "GO, and kill Saturn for me." I nod, and then stopped. "Uhh… how do I leave?" All three of us froze and Moros said, "Good Question. Fates?" The Fates flashed down. "Uhh… we'll teleport you out." The world went black. Well that was quite the chapter. Yeah, it was. So we have a poll, don't forget to vote and uhh hope you enjoyed the 3.5k word chapter! BYE! BYE!