he didn't want it. "So if I were to..." "Ask Nico out?" Percy interrupted, causing Will to gulp and as his blush crept down his neck. "Yes, I would be cool with that. But you have to take that step." That was when the light heartedness faded a little, sending a few minor warnings off in Will's head as his more serious side took over. "You're the one that's going to be taking charge of anything that comes of this, trust me on that. I know Nico likes you, but he's not going to make any move that you haven't already. He's a lot more relaxed and comfortable now, both with himself and with others, but he's still the gay boy born in a time where that was incredibly dangerous and the guy who was marked as the creepy son of Hades. He's not going to take that kind of risk, he's too afraid of losing the people he cares about again. So come one dude, make a move already." "Ok, now I'm sure that I'm dreaming." With how dumbstruck the blonde medic was, he was amazed that he actually got that out. "You're not just ok with me liking him, you're encouraging me? That's just...that's just too good to be true!" "No it's not. Jeez man, you're acting like you planning to date my daughter, not my cousin." Percy laughed, clapping Will on the shoulder. "I don't need to freak out over this. I already know what kind of person you are and Nico's more than capable of taking care of himself. The guy's tougher than even Jason and Thalia for Hades' sake! Like I said, you'll be taking charge of this relationship, but it'll only go as far as he's willing to let it, of that I have no doubt." Well, when he put it that way, he had a point. Will wouldn't ever do anything that Nico wasn't willing to do unless it was for Nico's wellbeing and even if he did try, what could he do to stand up to an angry, sword wielding Nico, a troop of skeletons and the pit of shadows that he'd summon up in an instant? But that wasn't the part that thrilled Will though. No, it was another point, one that made him overflow with happiness as his mind registered it. "He told you that he liked me?" He asked, bright, hopeful blue eyes looking right into warm sea green. "Not anymore than you had before today. Still, it was easy to see right from the start. From right after the moment he told me that he was gay after the last war." Percy answered, his smile mixing amusement with affection as his eyes turned glassy, lost in memory. "Annabeth saw it too. He turned back to you and you were giving him that 'get here right now' look that you give resisting patients and he stopped breathing for a second. Then there was the look on his face, like the beginnings of a shy smile and how he rushed over to you. Huge hints there. Within days of looking for more, all of us knew. Even Hazel's figured it out." He added as his eyes refocused on the now once again nervous son of Apollo. "Apparently he's spoken to her about you a lot. She pieced it together and called me and Piper for confirmation. She's more or less on your side too, by the way." He added merrily. "Though, she does want to have a decent conversation with you at the next opportunity." "I'm not sure whether to be happy or terrified to hear that." Will admitted, rubbing his face and refusing to remove his hand. "So your whole group knows about me and approves?" "Well, you are pretty obvious with the all the attention you give him and we all noticed the change in Nico. It was pretty dramatic." Percy pointed out as he flopped down on the grass, tilting his head to soak up some sun. "I don't know if Frank and Reyna know yet, bet they do though, but yeah, we all know and approve. Piper and Grover have a bet on how long it takes you to suck it up and kiss him. Piper wins if you do it the day the others come back." "Well then...would it be to forward for him if I did?" Will asked, slowly lowering his hand as he took a seat next to Percy. "If I kissed him, then asked him to be my...boyfriend, would he handle that ok, or would he freak out on me?" That was a good benefit to all this. If Percy approved then he could ask him for advice and help. No one knew Nico like Percy did. This was perfect. "Ask him first, then kiss him." Percy answered a second later. "You don't have to wait for an answer, just make sure you don't ask him in front of a large crowd. Just his closest friends at the most, preferably alone. He'll say yes, trust me." "Then I will." That settled it. He had all the reassurance he needed now. No one was against him for this and Nico was sure to go out with him. No more subtle flirting. The very next time he saw the dark haired teen, he was going to make him his. He swore it on the Styx. "But for now," He started, grabbing his bow as he pulled himself back to his feet, setting up another arrow. "I think we have a little more practice to get through. I still have five more arrows." "Three for me. Let's shoot." Percy grinned, jumping back up as Will took aim. Narrowing his eyes, Will grinned as he zeroed his eyes in onto the bullseye. He felt like he could do anything after that talk. Of course, they both still failed to do any better than striking the outermost circle, but both of them were too happy to care.