him a glare, as did the rest of the table. My attention returned to Percy, trying desperately to think of a cover up while still processing his thought process to the best of my ability. "Hold on, you can smell death?" Percy asked, leaning forward towards Nico. An unidentified light sparked in his eyes, probably suspicion. "No, what? Of course not! That's impossible!" Nico tried to cover up his mistake, a nervous edge blundering itself into his voice. "What Nico means by 'reeks' is that it has a very depressing history. Nico's weird and sorta emo, don't pay attention to him when he gets like this." I smoothly stepped in, trying my best to take the attention off of Nico. Percy leaned back in his chair, regarding us with a slightly raised eyebrow. "If you say so, I guess." He didn't sound very convinced, but let the subject drop. "So Percy, what's your schedule?" Piper asked, using her charm speak to clear the air of suspicion she must've felt coming from Percy. Good idea, Mclean. I thought, before focusing my attention on the newcomer once again. I stumbled out of of school, my bad forcing me to walk slightly off balanced. My intention was to start my homeword during my free period under my little tree at the back of the school yard. There wasn't a lot of room in New York, so they had their courts on a platform resting on a roof. There was a small tree, just a bit of green in the city of metal that always let me clear my mind. My free periods were spent as less as a 'free' period and more of a study hall. As I turned the corner, I could see a lone figure already seated underneath the tree. Unusual. I thought as I approached the figure. Not many people had gone back there, all getting to caught up in games and competitions before they even thought to go farther. The figure was reading, one hand writing on a sheet of paper while the other traced lines in the book. As I came closer, I recognized the figure as Percy. He was sitting cross-legged with a pile of books to his left. His head was bent over a page of math problems, his hair raven falling into his eyes. Percy had not noticed me yet, so I took that opportunity to really look at him. His hair was a dark, shiny black, a little longer than Jason and Frank's military cuts, but not quite as wild as Leo's hair. (Even though it was still pretty messy.) His skin was tanner than I had first thought, a nice sea tan. Just when I had started thinking of his eyes for the millionth time that day, he glanced up from his book. "Oh hi, Annabeth. What's up?" His voice showed a small amount of surprise, but it was welcoming all the same. "Um, hey, Percy. I was just coming here to do my homework." I explained, uncharacteristically awkward when being addressed. Small butterflies started to flutter in my stomach, making me nervously shift. "Oh, did I take your spot? I'm sorry, I didn't know you usually came here." Percy smiled apologetically as he started to gather up his things. "I'll be on my wa-" "Oh no," I let out a small laugh at his expression. "I didn't mean it that way. Actually, I was wondering if I could join you." I said quickly. He looked up at me with a quizzical expression. "Join me doing homework?" He cracked a goofy smile I had only seen when he was with his cousins. "Sure, why not? I could use some company." I returned his smile and walked over to where he was sitting. "So what homework do you have?" He asked politely as we settled back down to work. Percy flipped through some pages in his math book as he spoke, a breeze flicking his hair back and forth. "Math, Language Arts, Greek and History." My reply was weighted by joking despair as I gazed over my gigantic stack of books. "What do you have?" "Language Arts, Greek, Math, Biology, History and some make-up work to help me catch up." Percy looked despondently down at his homework as if it had personally insulted him. I couldn't help the smile that crept onto my face as his face contorted to a pout. "Don't worry, it'll get easier once you adjust and get caught up." I assured him as he continued his stare down with his paper. He cracked a grin, finally glancing up as he simply replied, "Thanks." We spent the rest of our time working on our homework in a comfortable silence. It was quite peaceful, working out in the early spring air, even if it was city air. I didn't feel any pressure to fill in every moment with pointless chatter, or the need to monitor my expressions. There was just something different about Percy. I wasn't sure if it was his calm, gentle yet powerful demeanor. Or the fact that he wasn't trying to get attention like every other sophomore. (Including most of my demigod friends) He was simply a restful, gentle, undemanding person. "So, do you like coming here?" I inquired, indicating the little tree and table we sat around. Immediately I inwardly cringed at my question. It wasn't like he had that much to compare it to. Thankfully Percy didn't notice anything weird in my question, and if he did he didn't comment. "Yeah, it's nice. Really peaceful. If you don't mind me barging onto your turf, I'd like to do my homework here more often." Percy replied as he shot a questioning glance at me. There was nothing unkind about his glance, just curiosity and maybe something more. "Of course! It's not like it's my tree." I replied, a laugh in my voice. For some reason my heart fluttered when I thought of spending more time with Percy. Odd.