sad feeling. After getting over the Coca-Cola scandal (and then, getting over the banana scandal, because those were definitely not bananas, she didn't know what they were but they definitely weren't bananas ). It makes Hazel's head spin when she looks at the new trends of this age. Women are showing much less skin and men's pants sag low, and she finds herself fanning her face a few times, because how could they handle that? She's glad Piper and Annabeth aren't the sort of girls who'd suggest a visit to a clothing's store, because she thinks she'd probably just faint if she saw what was in stores. "I think you're pretty great, Hazel," Piper suddenly says, and Hazel looks up at her friend. "Why?" "Well, if I was from the 1940's, and suddenly transported to the 2000's, I'd probably faint," Piper says, and Annabeth nods in agreement. "I've honestly felt like that a few times," Hazel admits, curling a strand of her hair around her finger, "It's a bit difficult getting used to everything, but...I think I'll be able to manage." "You should keep a list," Piper suggests, "Of everything you should check out." "I've already done that," Hazel pulls the crumpled slip of paper from her denim pocket. There's three things hastily scribbled on it-things Jason and Percy had suggested (Leo had suggested a few things too, but Hazel wasn't sure if she should trust him). Spongebob , Marvel , and Mario were written on it, and to Annabeth and Piper's suggestions, she added Harry Potter , Lord of the Rings , Tetris and skiing to the list. Hazel's not sure where in New York she'll be able to go skiing, but she decides that she'll try it one day. It's movie night for the last time, and Hazel's just watching everyone argue over what to watch. " Ghostbusters ," Frank says, but nobody is agreeing with him, "Come on, it's a classic." "While I agree, my friend, you're in the same room as the one person alive who's still pure," Percy says, looking pointedly at Hazel. She blinks, clearly confused. "What?" " Star Wars ," Percy says, and everybody goes quiet. Then, Leo gasps. " The last person alive who doesn't know.. .Whoa." He seems to be in awe, but Hazel is just even more confused. "What? Doesn't know what?" Hazel asks desperately, and Piper rolls her eyes before saying, "That Darth Vader is-" Everybody in the vicinity shouts at her to be quiet, even Nico and Annabeth. "Alright, Star Wars it is," Percy rubs his hands together (Jason had wanted to see Star Trek, but everybody had given him this look when he suggested it), "But only the original trilogy, okay?" "Why one through three, though?" Frank asks, "I liked those." After everyone has calmed down ("Say Jar Jar Binks is an abomination, say it !") they sit in the sitting room once again, though this time Frank and Jason have claimed the couch and Percy and Hazel can barely squeeze in. Will is sitting on an armrest and trying to get Nico to sit in his lap, which made both Hazel and Nico's faces turn red when he suggested it. Everybody else is sitting on the floor. The first movie they watch (the fourth, Percy says) was okay, and at the end of it everybody looks at her, but she only shrugs. It was okay, truly. She didn't really find the characters so interesting, but the plot was interesting enough to maintain her attention. At the end of the fifth movie, everybody looked at her eagerly, and Hazel blearily realized they were waiting for a reaction. "It was okay," She repeats, and Percy makes a high whine of frustration. "But did you expect it, is the question," Leo asks, shifting closer to get a good look at Hazel's face, "Did you?" "No," Hazel admits, "But I didn't really see what the big deal was." Annabeth hastily slides the sixth movie into the DVD player, because the boys are giving her disappointed looks and Hazel isn't entirely sure why. Hazel fell asleep midway through the final Star Wars movie, and woke up when Will accidentally lost his balance and fell right into her and Frank's laps. Nico's laughing, Leo is humming innocently. She's not sure what happened, but everyone is in distress because Will sent the popcorn bowl flying. The sixth Star Wars movie ends without anyone really paying attention, and it's only when Leo suggests a Tristan McLean movie and Piper threatens to use her charmspeak to make him dance with his underwear on his head does everyone decide, that's enough movies for tonight. Hazel honestly isn't sure what half of everything means, or if she'll be able to understand everything the way her friends, who had grown up in the modern age, understood things, but she's just glad that she has them, willing to lend a helping hand in this new era. Percy Jackson has a tumblr and nobody can tell me otherwise. I wrote this a week ago and forgot to publish it, oops. My first PJO/HOO fanfic, sorry. BONUS::: It's driving Hazel crazy, because she must know who PewDiePie is. Leo and Will kept dropping hints that yes, she should definitely watch PewDiePie , and Piper keeps saying no, she shouldn't watch it , and since she's leaving in an hour, she decides she might as well. Just a peek, a glimpse. Typing 'YouTube' into the bar (Hazel is confident she has mostly figured out how everything works) Hazel waits for the page to load, before searching PewDiePie. The first result in an icon of a fist, and Hazel clicks it. It's probably one of the biggest regrets of Hazel's life, because the first video that she sees on the page is entitled BIG BREASTED GLASSES and there are breasts displayed. Hazel shrieks and slams the laptop cover down, deciding to never, ever take suggestions from Leo Valdez and Will Solace ever again.