and nameless. the Cyclops that Zeus hit turning in a black goo on the ground. the other cyclops nameless hit manage to get back into the woods say words of battle is a different scene now with people who want to fight now running away. the woman stale fighting the one eye monster seem the have a upper hand before the thing hit the ground with club sanding waves energy though earth. the woman fell the cyclops jump in the air at the woman and she rise her sword knowing full will...she didn't want to thank time slow down for nameless and the hero ran as fast as he could, Zeus fight another person,someone was shooting arrows again,then wan the woman was almost hit Nameless grub her and roll. the cyclops was confuse at what just happen, he spotted the two and jump again this time the woman roll. she on top and Nameless on bottom she saw a smile and roll her eyes before Nameless roll them Again. the cyclops miss three time and as getting madder each time the person Zeus was fighting ran away saying" one day,Ill get revenge for my fallen brother,mark my words!" and became one with the shadows. Zeus turn to see he new friend rolling on the ground with that salve girl from saw this as a good chance to use his power he been building up for three day. he rise he sword in the air calling for the lightning to hit his enemy's,sadly only one bolt came down missing the cyclops complete. Michelle and nameless were now standing but something was different,she grabs Nameless arm and runs to Zeus who look weak and about to fall over Nameless throws Zeus over the shoulders and Michelle runs fast...really fast in the woods with Nameless right behind. Chaos p.o.v Me and Destruction got bored watching the small battle and were playing a game of war chess.I was winning, the back of my mind was trying to tell me something."you know sister...you should be watch that "thing" you made." I look at my brother like he as a new person than turn to see the dimension he was talking about. I had nine under my controlled 4 manage to break the Titanomachy,2 fail to move on,3 fail to the grants, the only one he must be talking about as still young. so the one that failed to move on from the titan rule were remove them not caring with the lives leaving me with one Dimension to rule over when I'm ungrounded. Destruction just look at the chess broad thinking of he next move. Michelle p.o.v I manage to being the target"Zeus"to my small village there was a extra...who's name I don't know. the village was vary small with only four main building that make a square. the biggest was call hotel useless two story hight with one level basement .why because most people that live there don't do much of anything. the next is the war room one story with 6 level basement. then the lunch room and farming, the place needs allot of work but the generals and soldiers don't want to lose the little power over the whoever chose to live here. I turn to the man holding Zeus,he look like shit...but it was hard to find people in good shape...maybe. "I really need to put this guy down."he said in a low voice,they both need water which we can is... wait they just stay and use all the resources and leave."follow can stay for a day maybe,but your friend is needed here."I didn't look at he's face and he didn't said anything on the walk the hotel."thank you...you save my life back there,It will take five or six day before he can travel again so...I own you one."we were at the steps when I stop. Nameless p.o.v I'm so sleepy,but what I said was true Zeus will need some rest before moving to mount Olympus. she stop at the steps and turn to was the most beautiful thing I in a voice that sounded like she need sleep herself she said"look,If your going to stay you could help first you need some sleep,I'll get you in few hours ok."she open the door inside look worse than the walls had small holes and the doors were gone and you can see though the...well the place need help. there was a vary old looking woman behind a desk. she was looking at something on the desk and a sickly voice and without looking up."I'll say it one last time Michelle stop being people hear,In fact if they can only stay for an hour and if they don't leave...Ill tell the generals in the war room." Michelle look at me before saying"this one hear will us help out" the old woman look up from the whatever it was to see me holding Zeus."If your lying,I kick you and those little brats out." when the woman finish Nameless saw something in those eyes something...off,sadist maybe. "ok...thank you."the old lady look up and he saw pure green eyes that seem to see though you then at you. "the one who is sleeping on that one arm can stay,the other one will do as you promise or...you know." Michelle took a big breath before going room was small and as fill with beds in rows on both sides. across the room there was two door will one door and one square that needed a door. one was just a room,and the other was going down, the one that had the door had allot of holes and was will...close. Michelle turn to face again she was breathtaking."you will be sleep here."she pointed to a bad in the back."I'll get you in a few hours so.."she close her eyes"If your still here." and she walk out. this is my first story hope you guys and girls like it. I don't own anything all rights go to Rick Riordan.