himself. He was definitely shorter-and skinnier-and he was wearing a black shirt with a smoke on it and black jeans with a chain hanging from his waist. Next to him was a dark skinned girl with a curly afro, Hazel, his half sister. She was wearing overalls and dirty sneakers. She was holding hands with an asian boy, Frank, who was wearing a bright red shirt and jeans. Leo was next, his orange shirt smothered in mechanic oil, his tool belt hanging low on his hips. His curly black hair seemed matted down to his skull by sweat as a lazy grin overtook his face. Next to him was Piper, a light brown skinned girl with colorful beads in her hair. She was wearing a Camp Half Blood t shirt and shorts. Her arm was linked with a blonde boy's, Jason, who was wearing a purple Camp Jupiter shirt. Camp Jupiter was a group home in California and a lot of their kids got transferred to Camp Half Blood. Percy and Annabeth were on the opposite end. Percy had black choppy hair and was wearing an orange Camp Half Blood shirt. Next to him was Annabeth. Her blonde curly hair was pulled back into a ponytail and she was wearing an old baseball cap. She was also wearing an orange tee. On the bottom row, on the left side, were the Stolls, Travis and Connor. Their brown floppy hair matched each other's and they seemed to be in mid laugh when the picture was taken. Next to them was Rachel Elizabeth Dare, a girl with red curly hair. She was wearing a plaid shirt and ripped jeans with paint stains on them, her face obviously annoyed by the twins sitting next to her. Next to her was Tyson and Ella. Ella was sitting on Tyson's lap. Tyson was a huge boy with brown hair. He was wearing a Camp Half Blood shirt and Ella, who had red and yellow hair, was wearing a blue dress. Reyna was after that, wearing her purple Camp Jupiter shirt with pride and her curly brown hair in a braid past her shoulder. Grover was next to her, his crutches laying on his lap, his brown skin matching his brown curly hair. Juniper was sitting next to him, her head on his shoulder. She had long red hair and was wearing a green dress. Finally, there was Clarisse and Chris. Clarisse was like Nico, sporting the all black and her hair was in a low ponytail. She was holding hands with Chris who had black hair and was wearing all black as well. I'll see you in the future when you're older And we are full of stories to be told Cross my heart and hope to die I'll see you with your laughter lines That picture had been taken the last day Nico was there; when he was nearly 16 years old and he hadn't seen most of those people since. Now, he was 20, living with Leo and dancing at a professional dance company. He smiled to himself as he thought about how far he had come. Now , he wasn't always brooding and angry. Now , he didn't always wear all black. Now , he wasn't written off as a troubled child. He was older and healthier and actually glad to be alive. He put the picture back and glanced at the clock. '7:05'. He was wasting time. He opened his bedroom door and went across the hall to the bathroom. He stripped quickly and within a minute or so, he was standing in the shower, enjoying the feeling of the hot water on his skin. He peed in the shower and then brushed his teeth and washed his hair. Once he was finished, he toweled off and wrapped the towel around his waist and went back to his room. Once in there, he slipped on underwear and a light long sleeved gray shirt and black sweat pants. He found some flip flops under his bed and put them on while grabbing a pair of black shades off his dresser and his phone off his bed. He walked out of his room, down the hall into the living room and was greeted by a smiling Leo Valdez. "Leo?" Nico asked. Leo smiled harder. He was wearing a white t shirt and cargo pants, his trusty tool belt hanging low on his hips. "Nico, I have a surprise for you," he told him. That's when Nico noticed Leo's hands behind his back. "Whatcha got there?" he asked. "Drum roll, please." Nico rolled his eyes and started patting his thighs. After a decent amount of seconds, Leo showed his hands, which were holding two chocolate chip frappes. "Starbucks!" Leo screamed happily. Nico laughed and took the one that read 'Ghost King.' "You did not have them write 'Ghost King', oh my god ," Nico said laughing. Leo started laughing too. "Yup, and mine says 'Repair Boy'." Nico playfully punched his arm. "You are too much." Leo shrugged and took a sip. "It's just...I know I was kind of crazy last night," he admitted, "hitting on you and...stuff." Nico shrugged. "It's fine." "It's not...I refuse to be like-" Nico cut him off. "Don't," he said quietly. Leo stared at him for a few moments. "Well, don't be late to your ballet class," Leo said jokingly. "Ballet? Really?" "Yes! You were a fairy for Christs' sake!" "That was two years ago, Leo. Are you ever gonna let it go?" "I am scarred for life. I can still see it now...Eighteen year old Nico diAngelo in a purple leotard," he shuddered. Nico started laughing. "Enough! I'm going to be late to my balle t class," Nico said, moving around Leo to pick up his dance bag from the ground and opened the door. "Goodbye, Ghost King," Leo said. "Later, Repair Boy." ~I DO NOT OWN ANY OF THE SONGS USED IN THIS CHAPTER~ ~NO COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT INTENDED~