and her face hurt more than his fathers. She looked at him with pity and disappointment. She looked as if he had failed her and yet she was ready to forgive him. Forgive him for something he never did. She believed the stories. She believed everything that Athena had constructed. Just as his father had. Just like the others would. Zeus raised himself from his throne. "Perseus Jackson, You stand before us accused of treason against the gods, the murder of innocents, and consorting with the goddess Gaea. How do you plead?" "I don't." Percy said, his gaze never leaving the King of the God's. "I chose not to plea and instead leave my fate up to the gods. I trust you all to make the correct decision." he said, sarcasm laced in his tone. Zeus seemed taken aback for a moment before his face turned to glee. He wouldn't have to start a war to destroy this demigod. His brother had disowned him and any right that he had to defend him. The boy was giving the council freedom to decide his fate. This day couldn't get any better for the King of the Gods. "We shall put the fate of this, boy, up to a Council vote. All in favor of sentencing him to Tartarus. Allowing the monsters and the Lord of the Pit decide his fate." Eleven of the Council's hands rose into the air, unsurprisingly. "Those opposed?" Three hands rose into the air. Hestia and Hades were unsurprising. Percy expected them. He had returned their council seats to them and he had always been there for Hade's children. This was Hestia's way of forgiving him for the wrongs that she thought he had committed. A useless gesture, but a kindness in her mind none the less. What did surprise Percy was Hera's hand. He thought that she hated all demigods, but here she was voting against his execution. But he didn't have time to think about what it meant because Zeus was talking again. "Perseus Jackson, the Council has decided your fate. For your crimes against the gods you are hereby sentenced to Tartarus. May the Lord of the Pit make you pay for your crimes. Have you any last words?" the king of the gods asked. Percy looked out at the faces before him. Gods that he had considered his friends had just voted to see him murdered based on lies and expertly twisted facts. Those who had voted for him to live still thought that he had committed said crimes. He had nothing kind to say to any of the gods here. Percy raised his head and addressed the gods seated before him. "I did not do the things you have said I have. Your pride and arrogance has blinded you to the lies set before you by Athena. You fear that I would betray you when my fatal flaw is loyalty. My own father," he stopped to sneer at the god of the sea, "disowned me based on the words of others. I-" his voice broke. "I don't know what to say except I did not betray you." Zeus sneered and pointed his master bolt at Percy's chest. With a shout, power flew from the master bolt and slammed into his chest. Percy writhed in pain as his skin burned and flaked away, leaving an exact replica of his body beneath it. Almost like a snake shedding his skin. "You shall forever be immortal, experiencing the pains of Tartarus forever, traitor!" Zeus spat as the pit opened before him. Athena got off her throne and unshackled him. "You're the reason that my daughter is dead," she spat. Picking him up by the throat she hurled him into the pit. Percy watched as he fell down into the pit. He watched until the light faded above and the gods sealed the entrance. For the first several hours I fell, I wept. You may call me weak, but everything I had was just torn away from me. I was betrayed by all those I cared for, inadvertently or not. So yes, I cried. After a while though, my brain began to shut down, the sadness left and fear took its place. I was returning to Tartarus...the horrible place it was, but this time there would be no escape. Nyx and Tartarus and the Titans and any number of monsters were going to have free range on me. I was about to enter hell itself. And that leaves us here, me falling to eternal pain. I snapped out of it as I began to slow down. I was reaching the bottom I realized, I was coming to the end and the beginning of pain forever. I closed my eyes and swore not let them take me easily. Weapon or no, I would go down fighting. I landed on my feet and looked around me. I saw the blow coming too late. A club took me on the head and I fell to my knees. Blows rained down on me, feral grunts escaping my attacker. "STOP!" A voice roared. "But-" a low growling voice started. "I said stop," the voice said again and my attacker drew back. I knew that voice, but I refused to look up. I wouldn't accept that I had fallen into the hands of the one person that scared me the most. "Well, hello Grandson, it looks like we'll be spending a lot of time together." I looked up in horror. I looked up into the face of someone who shouldn't even be able to form a consciousness, let alone a body. I looked up into the face of Kronos. AN: So I just wanted to write this story. I have to discuss things with my Beta to see if he's willing to Beta this story too. Otherwise it will be unchecked. AN: Update, Beta is onboard with the project so it looks like there won't be so many spelling or grammatical errors.