raised. The image zoomed in on the girl and Artemis gasped. The girl had long silky black hair and volcanic black eyes. It was her former lieutenant Zoe Nightshade. The image turned back to the man as he looked at the gods of Olympus. Confusion spread as the Oracle did not speak as it should have, instead it was a deep and dark voice that filled the gods with fear and sent shivers up their spines. The Abyss and Darkness shall Rise Starting the Beginning of Olympus' Demise Two Shall Return From Death To Keep the Heroes From Their Final Breath The Prince of Night Shall Lose His Way And Return with the Help of Night and Day They Shall Save the World Without Thinking of The Cost Or The World and Hope Shall Be Lost The Sixth Age Shall Begin And There is No Way Olympus Shall Win The figure in the image turned away from the gods and Artemis' eyes widened before she screamed. The man plunged his pure black javelin into Zoe' chest. The girls volcanic black eyes widened as pure black flames wrapped around her. She screamed in agony as her body faded away and the man smiled evilly at the Olympians one more time before the image shattered and faded. The Throne room was in complete an utter silence. The green light in his eyes died as Apollo slumped into his throne. Everyone staring at him in shock, unable to comprehend what they just saw. Percy laughed evilly as he could feel the cold dark wind whip around his face. After a long while his laughter died as he felt the dark light get a little brighter. Percy's grin threatened to split his face as he fell towards the dark black river below him. The former son of Poseidon grinned as he looked below. The River Lethe flowing below him. His muddy eyes didn't feel fear or anything but he knew he was going to die or lose his memories. He no longer had any connection to the sea as he gave it up to Hazel. Percy felt liquid on his face as he passed through one of the red clouds of Tartarus. He touched his face in the air. Blood, red blood, but who's. He didn't think of it any longer as his eyes widened. Of course, he was immortal now, the fall wouldn't kill him but it would make him a useless paraplegic immortal like Hephaestus. His brown eyes closed as he waited for the impact to the ground. Percy didn't feel the shadows and purple light surround him. All of a sudden he appeared on the skin of Tartarus. He opened his brown eyes. For some reason he wasn't that shocked that he was unharmed. Percy remembered the soft beautiful voice that spoke to him in the throne room of Olympus. Go to the Mansion of Night. How would he get there. Percy felt a soft tingling in his head. As if the Mansion of Night was permanently etched in his brain and was now a permanent part of him. He knew exactly where to go in the depths of Tartarus and knew exactly who he was going to see. Nyx, last time she was trying to kill him and her. Why would she help him now? Percy walked through the barren wasteland of Tartarus, the effects of Tartarus would not hurt him because he was now immortal. Every monster he saw would cower away from him in fear. He smirked at their faces. He made his way towards the Mansion of Night. Perseus walked on the broken glass of Tartarus' skin. The ground crunching under his feet as made his way towards the Cliff. He felt in his head that he was about half way to the place when he was shoved roughly from the side, like someone walked into him. Percy fell to the ground, the glass embedding in his palms as he pushed himself up and turned to the man who walked into him. He turned to see nothing but darkness. When a voice echoed around him in the darkness of Tartarus. You shall not go against me Perseus Jackson or you and those you love will perish. All of a sudden a new prophecy sprouted to his head. The next great prophecy. This one made him a lot more nervous that the last two. He had a feeling something bad will happen to him. But what? He shook his head and continued towards his destination. Percy found his way to a cliff. The cliff that led into the Mansion of Night and below into Chaos. Percy walked to the edge and looked down into Chaos and the entrance to the Mansion. "Perseus." A voice said. The same voice that was in his head. Percy turned to see the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. She had lush raven black hair and beautiful midnight purple eyes that went along with her beautiful curves and magnificent clothes. Percy smiled at the deity of Night. "Nyx is has been awhile." Nyx nodded. Nyx looked at him with her purple eyes. "Why would you help me?" He asked curiously. Nyx looked nervous. "I wish to be your mother, I will not be unfaithful to my husband but I wish to have someone to be close to. I love my children but they all have duties and never see me. So Percy would you like to be my son?" She asked nervously. Percy smiled. "I would love to become your son, mother." He finished. Nyx beamed with happiness and smiled at him. She raised her hand and a purple glow surrounded Percy. Percy fell to a knee and looked at his new mother. His eyes now exactly like hers Midnight purple that glowed with power and confidence. Nyx pulled Percy into a bone crushing hug. "I love you my son, Perseus, son of Nyx and the Prince of Night." Thanks For Reading