Still, it hurt. Smirking at the hulking beast with a bit of blood leaking down from his lip, Mike refused to show any kind of weakness to this thing and got back up. His eyes quickly darted to where his sword was and tried to judge the distance before facing the Minotaur again. "I... is that all you got...?! My abuela hits harder than that, and she's over sixty!" The Minotaur let out an angered, bull-like grunt and pawed the ground with its hooves, swinging around, trying to get rid of its unwanted passenger. It then ran and charged at Mike, determined to mow him down. Mike leaped aside, causing the Minotaur to run past him and towards the trees, wincing as he aggravated his injuries. The beast barely managed to turn itself and glare back at Mike, while the other boy had fallen off with something in his hands. Mike looked at the monster and saw it now was missing a piece of one horn, which made him smirk. "Ole!" It glared and rushed at him again. Mike just dove to the side again, this time managing to get closer to his sword. Unfortunately, the Minotaur turned again and ran straight at him. His sword was still too far away and, at the rate the Minotaur was running, it would reach him before he could get to his weapon. Seeing no other choice, Mike got to his feet and braced himself while taking a deep breath to calm his nerves. "Alright... time to take this bull by the horns... again!" The Minotaur came barreling down the grassy area towards him like a locomotive, soon coming into range and ready to run him over. Acting quickly, Mike grabbed it by the horns, then dug his heels into the ground as he tried to slow it down. Eventually, they neared his sword as he began to reach the limit of his ability to hold it back. He then pushed hard on it and reached down to quickly pick up his sword. He stood up straight and swung his sword out at it in a downward motion as it swung at him with an open-handed smack. Luckily for the Minotaur, Mike's strike was a fraction of a second too slow because of the pain he was in. The blade of his sword cut off its other horn, sending the horn flying, before cutting into its torso, far too shallowly to kill it. As this happened, its hand impacted with his head while the Minotaur roared in annoyance and rage at Mike's small accomplishment. Mike was knocked for a loop and sent flying into a tree, hitting it back-first as he dropped his sword beside him from the impact against the tree. His vision blurry, Mike heard someone yelling and saw a blurry figure rush at the Minotaur as another figure was knocked unconscious by the Minotaur. The Minotaur charged back and the figure dodged it. The Minotaur's one-horned head hit the trunk of a tree that it hit when the first figure dodged it while the remains of it's other horn were destroyed. It practically nearly snapped the tree in half from the impact before turning to face its opponent. It then rushed at the figure again, blind to its surroundings in its fury, only to be dodged again. The figure then attempted to stab the Minotaur with a piece of its own horn, only for the beast to knock him away. The Minotaur then turned and made it's way to the downed Mike, obviously hoping to settle the score with him first. Mike felt fear for a moment as the Minotaur loomed over him, but it turned to confidence as he saw the other figure get up and make its way towards him. He grinned weakly up at the Minotaur, causing it to be confused at his expression. "Hey, Meat-Head...! Look behind you...!" The Minotaur seemed angry at the insult, but did as Mike suggested. As it did this, Mike reached for his sword while marveling at just how stupid the bull-man hybrid truly was. As soon as it saw the other figure, it made to run at it. But, before it could, Mike swung his sword as hard as he could, cutting through its bull-like ankle, severing the tendons and bringing it to it's knees. The angry beast, in pain, looked back at Mike as the other figure came up behind it. Mike only chuckled and said the last words the beast would hear before its defeat. "You lose...!" At this, the other figure stabbed the Minotaur in the chest with it's own horn, piercing it's heart. Defeated, the Minotaur let out a death rattle before crumbling to dust. The figure then walked up to where the other figure was and picked him up before coming back to Mike. The figure then grabbed Mike and started to drag him towards camp while carrying the other figure, whom Mike recognized as the satyr. Eventually, they crossed the border and Mike started losing consciousness. As he lost consciousness, Mike was hoping that, whoever this rookie was, he wouldn't tell anyone else about how much trouble Mike, a more experienced demigod, had had with the Minotaur while fighting alongside a beginner... To Be Continued... I think my dementia is gone now after working on that. I am still the same. And I'm hoping that this one is a hit. Hope goes to die in my head remember? But not in mine or phantom's. Well there are readers who enjoy a crazy Naruto. True. Speaking of which... nah, too easy. World of difference between crazy and depressed. Point taken. Well, see ya, readers! This'll be another fic I'll be focusing on, so expect more! Peace and shaka from Oahu! I am crazy though. Aidos from Las Vegas. How many times do I need to tell you only listen to two of the voices in your head? The other five are crazy. Seeya from Idaho.