She exclaimed as she took it in her hands and began to massage it. "You've been keeping this from me all these years? You naughty boy!" Silena had begun the BJ. And damn was she good. She deepthroated nearly the entire thing. I actually think it was the entire thing. It was a miracle she didn't choke. She began slowly, suckling it inside her mouth. I could feel the vibrations of her throat through my penis. It was so tranquil and good. I didn't dare look at Annabeth. Or anyone else. Silena was giving me a BJ in the middle of the room while I was completely naked and Silena was only in her panties... I was in heaven She went at it. She started to deepthroat it again, but at a super-speed. Of course she made a few faces, but she never gagged! Soon I was on the edge of spurting my load. In a minute, without warning, I burst in her mouth, all over her shirt, and in her hair. She looked so cute covered in my cum. A bit cuter than Annabeth during my BJ by her in the closet, Then to finish me off, she simply kissed the tip of my member and smiled flirty at me while rubbing the cum around on her tits. it was starting out to be the best night of my life! And then I looked at Annabeth. She looked sad, but not mad. My elbows unlocked and my back fell to the floor with my throbbing erection still hanging in the air. That was roughly 2 minutes, but Piper said 7. So… "Now turn over and get that ass in my face now!" I commanded. She had seduced me into a BJ. Now I smacked her ass so hard I left a red hand mark on it, quickly shoved my erect member into her then out. In, out, in, out. I did it for a minute. She was getting restless, trying to take over, so I had to do something. I slid it out, smack her ass it left a red hand mark, then I thrusted in so deep and hard, she screamed at the top of her lungs. "I'm g-gonna cummmmmm!" I yelled as a jolt went through my penis and body and I shook for a second. My entire load burst inside of her, more then I have ever done. "I'm taking over!" she said as she bounced up and down on my dick. I pointed my lower half of my body upwards and grabbed and squeezed her bouncing tits. She squealed like a little piggy and I thrust inwards with my penis with gargantuan force, practically ripping her wet pussy apart. She came on me and I pushed her to the ground and for a whole minute I thrust in and out forcefully with no hesitation for 60 seconds. She was crying in joy but yelling at the same time. I grabbed a quick look at the clock. 7 and a half minutes. I collapsed on the floor with my penis still inside Selina. When she tried to crawl away on her side I grabbed her by the tits on both sides and gave one enormous push into my dick and came all over her. I was the biggest load I had ever done. It was enough to put into a shots glass. It was all over her tits, face, belly, vagina and mouth. I grabbed her and made out with her for 20 seconds and then let go. She crawled naked back next to Leo and Katie and Travis with a red ass and the biggest smile on her face. (Katie POV) Kate, ToD Dare "You two," Annabeth said as she pointed at Travis and I," Have to skinny-dip in the tub together in the bathroom for the next half hour. " Straight to sex part Travis gulped and took off his underwear. His 9 inch member sprang from his pants into full view for a second before he covered it with his hands. He looked like he was about to die. He was blushing like crazy. Travis backed up and sat on a chair while still covering his member. It was obvious it was totally erected. Travis was wide eyed when I said that because he probably didn't believe that I would strip. "Travis, don't look." I told him."You looked at me!" "You mean you want to see me naked?! Be a gentleman Travis Travis looked so embarrassed he could die right there. I began to strip by taking off my shirt, revealing my strawberry red bra. Yeah, I was that crazy about strawberries. Anyway, I could tell he was looking, but I didn't argue. Next I took off my pants. I was trying to tease him like I'm not gonna take off the Slowly, very slowly, I undid my bra clasp. Then I took it off. Travis, who was turned around, shifted his head to say something but his eyes practically popped out of his head. He quickly turned his head back around the wall and his back slumped. I put my bra on the floor and began to take off my panties, again, ever so slowly. Finally when I was done I said to Travis. "Travis, don't turn around." I told him. Then I threw my panties at the wall he was looking at. I could tell he had to use all his will power not to turn around. What a gentleman! Such decency! Ahh… No wonder I like him! If only I could make sure he likes me. He grabs me by the shoulders and brings me in. Our lips crash and my hands find his curly hair and hang on because I know alone I won't make it. But I'm not alone. I have Travis now. We don't break off or talk. We just kiss for a minute straight before we stop only for air. Part 2 Coming laterrrr byeeeeeee ...