I would suggest you change your attitude mighty fast." Poseidon boomed in his powerful voice again. "And you might as well know when I become King I will be divorcing my wife as well, because she is nothing but a shrew hence why I have affairs." He gave her a knowing look which made her think he was blaming Zeus's affairs on her. Hera's mouth was gaping open like a fish from Poseidon's realm. It wasn't her fault the man wouldn't stay faithful. She was his wife so no matter what he should be faithful to her. The niggling doubt in the back of her mind was saying well maybe if you weren't such a shrew and actually had sex with him more than once a century he might be faithful, but she told it to shut up. It was all Zeus's fault. "I call for a vote to make Poseidon the King of Gods." Hades announced. "All those in favor raise your hands." To Poseidon's shock everyone but Zeus and Hera raised their hands. He couldn't help feeling a little touched the others would all vote for him. Yes he believed Apollo about the Prophecy but he didn't expect it to come true today. "It is official Poseidon the God of the Seas is now the new King of the Gods. Let a new Just Ruling take effect from this day forward." Hades shouted out in a magnified voice that was heard all over Olympus. All the minor Gods and Goddesses turned to look towards the throne room in shock at the announcement. "Poseidon take you vow of acceptance." "I, Poseidon hereby swear from this day forward I will rule over the Gods and mortals in a fair and just way. So I swear this on the River Styx." Thunder boomed for five solid minutes. It was so loud nobody could talk inside or outside the throne room. The minor Gods and Goddesses hoped this meant that they would now get more respect. Poseidon was known to be the fairest God in his dealings with others whether they be Gods or mortals. They were all hoping this really meant life would be better for them all. "My first official business as the King of Gods is to denounce my marriage to Amphitrite, and to denounce the marriage of Hephaestus and Aphrodite. So I swear it on the River Styx." Two more loud sounding booms of thunder were heard. Aphrodite got up and ran over and kissed Poseidon. Those outside the throne room were staring at each other in shock. A divorce had never been allowed among the Gods before because Hera had always refused to allow it to happen and now to know that three of the Gods on the Council were getting divorced was unbelievable to them. "Thank you for making me so happy." Aphrodite sobbed into his shoulder not even caring about her make up for once. "I'm not kissing you Uncle but I thank you too." Hep smiled happily. He was hoping that maybe he could finally find somebody to love. He thought about the one woman he had always cared about for a minute, but he shoved the thought aside afraid to get his hopes up. It was hard though because now there was a chance she would be free too soon. She was the only woman who never looked at him like he was an ugly abomination. And to everybody's amazement Ares walked over and shook his Uncle's hand while thanking him before taking Aphrodite in his arms and kissing her passionately. He then went down on one knee. "Aphrodite will you do me the honor of becoming my wife. I promise to love and cherish you for all of eternity if you do." "Yes! Oh yes Ares." She squealed throwing herself in his arms and kissing the man until he thought his head would blow like a volcano. The clapping and wolf whistling that accompanied this could be heard outside the throne room. Hermes decided to take everybody's eyes off the couple who looked like they were going to be getting down to business right there in front of them all by saying. "Well it sounds to me like this Prophecy: " The Sea shall claim the Sun for their own The Hearth shall reclaim her throne Wisdom shall be de-throned Death will claim it as his home The new King shall be the God of the Sea The Sea, the Dead and the Sun shall be the new Big Three The new King will leave his Queen in the dust They will Rule over a world more just!" He grinned at Apollo. "That everybody thought was a prank has already come true in one sitting. Good job Apollo!" "That is my wonderful boy" Poseidon boasted as he gave the younger God a hug. Apollo couldn't help the beaming smile that was more brilliantly alight than the sun at the moment. He had Poseidon as his Dad and King. He put his new Sun Arrow in his quiver and to everybody's astonishment every arrow in the quiver now looked like the sun arrow. They had no idea why for sure, but Poseidon had a funny feeling Apollo was going to need some practice in using control when to use his arrows. That or he would need another quiver for his other arrows because he knew the sun arrows would be items of mass destruction. There is a link on my profile that will show you The God Family that Demonic Hope put together for me. I will also be adding another link later to show them individually. This story is different from my others but one thing remains the same. I love stories of families and people having a real chance at happiness. I hope you enjoyed it. Now I just have to keep five stories being updated. At least I have another chapter for next week for this story to be updated.