now said. "This is the first one." He knocked the foot of his staff three times on the stone tiles below. The reverberating hum echoed through through the walls. "A…test?" Headon seemed to only be partially listening, one of his ears cocked towards the side. "Oh, yes. For every floor, if you want to move upwards. That is the way of the Tower. Plenty of people seek the greatness that awaits them at the top of the Tower, so they enter and claw their way up. Some succeed…most do not." Percy was about to ask something else about Annabeth, and if she had taken the tests too, when a low growl suddenly emanated from the blue cage that had been temporarily pushed out of his mind. Headon twirled his staff. "Yes…here he comes. This is your first test, Percy." At first, Percy couldn't see anything. Then, off in the distance – through the blue mist – he could sense a vague shape approaching. A very, extremely large vague shape. As the seconds passed by, the shape grew larger and more distinct, and Percy could begin to make out some features of it: a split tail, arching its way closer, a wide mouth filled with thousands of serrated spikes, a dorsal fin on its back, two wide flippers pushing the blue mist away… He was looking at a fish. Its body was navy blue, with red fins and a white streak dividing the body lengthwise. The fish opened its jaws wide. Percy had barely registered the fearful teeth when it let out a loud, wailing cry that shook the walls, small pebbles dropping and rolling on the ground under his feet. A chill rode down his spine. Standing above him, Headon smirked slightly. "This is a Spirit-fish. Or one of its species, at any rate," he explained. "Spirit?" Percy questioned, his nerve having calmed down a little. Headon simply nodded. "The Spirit is the blue haze you see in front of you." He made a sweeping gesture with his staff. "It flows throughout the Tower, encompasses it from top to bottom, one end to another. Creatures take their power from it – even you and me, to a certain degree – and it makes life possible inside the Tower." Percy kept silent; the prospect of fighting a huge, fishy creature that swam inside an ill-defined blue haze did not appeal to him in the slightest. But then, he looked up and saw the abyss once more, and was reminded of Annabeth. He curled his hands up into fists, a shimmering glint in his eye. "So – I have to fight – it?" he said, before realizing something. "But…I don't have a weapon." Headon sighed. "You may only take this test with the objects you are carrying with you. But don't worry – the objective isn't to kill the Spirit-fish." Percy blinked. "Then – what is it?" Headon mutely pointed with his staff into the center of the cage. Percy squinted, and this time, he could see something that – once again – definitely had not been there before. A black, round ball, suspended in midair, about half the height of Percy, from what he could tell from such a distance. "This test is called 'ball'." Headon said. "It's simple: you run up to the ball and pierce it." "All I have to do is put a hole in that ball?" Percy asked. Headon nodded affirmatively. "That's correct. However you decide to do it, that's up to your best judgment." He was silent for a moment, then added, "The ball does not take much pressure to break. But the Spirit-fish…under normal conditions, it is quite tame. But it hasn't been fed for a while, and I suspect it is about to lay eggs, which makes it…quite protective." Percy remained silent, although his fists were still clenched. "You are free to give up and return to your home at any time. Although, if you do, you will never be allowed to enter the Tower again." Home. The word echoed inside Percy's brain. What home did he have to return to? Home, to Percy, was wherever Annabeth was. She had taught him everything, told him everything, described him everything. Without Annabeth, there was no home. And if Headon was right, Annabeth was now somewhere above him, in this mysterious place called the Tower. His decision was made, his breath quickened, his heart thumped against his chest. Headon bared his teeth as Percy ran past him, into the shimmering blue abyss. Welcome to the Tower, little one. (Chapter Two- The Battle Of The Spirit Fish) Coming within the next week Please Read This Fanfiction is not guaranteed to stay. If you enjoy it, please drop a fav/follow/ and review to let me know if I should continue or not. A/N. Ladies and Gentleman, I'd like to humbly welcome you to the tower. As the author and adaptator, I appreciate any reviews and constructive criticism- I'll try to keep an open mind to make my story better, and appealing to all audiences. I answer all questions, so don't be afraid to ask! I know some of the concepts may be confusing later on, and I'll do my best to explain. I Apologize for the reuploads/deletions again, I'm truly sorry. This Fanfiction is not guaranteed to stay, again, read top. However if/when it gets enough likes and follows, I will continue this story for a year or two. English is not my first language , Im originally from East Asia, so I do realize I probably have plenty grammatical errors found in there so I apologize. I'll be selecting two reviewers as "beta readers," these beta readers will have before access to my story and help give me advice before chapters are published. As of now, I have written 15,000 words. I will release the next chapter when I deem it ready. I apologize again, for everything wrong I probably did. Kamsamidad! Thanks for reading! ~Author, V