should I?" Mr. D. said haughtily. "Because," Annabeth said with a cruel gleam in her eyes, "If you don't I will tell Poseidon about how you were ogling his daughter." "You don't have the guts to do it," he said confidently. "Ya wanna bet?" He gulped, "Fine, fine, don't get your panties in a knot." When they had their backs to the girls, Annabeth pulled the blanket around her legs off and moved the hospital gown up her legs, revealing the red skin from where Luke had rammed into her over and over again. Anna winced in sympathy and stuck her hand in the jar of cream. "This is going to feel cold, but I don't think that should be too much of a problem." Percy nodded slowly, still tired from last night's ordeal. Athena's daughter gently rubbed the cold concoction against her red skin. Percy tensed for a moment but sighed in relief as the chafed skin was covered. When Annabeth was done she put the lid back on the jar and was just rearranging the sheets and gown when Percy hugged her. And then, for whatever reason, she started crying. Annabeth was shocked for a moment and then hesitantly wrapped her arms around the weeping Daughter of the Sea. Mr. D. and Chiron kept their backs to them respectfully until Percy had calmed down. Wiping the tears from her eyes, she said weakly, "Sorry, I don't know what came over me." The three around her bed shook their heads sadly. Chiron steeled himself for what he was about to say. "Percy, I know this might be hard, but we need to know if Luke said anything to you before or after he..." he took a deep breath, "raped you." Poseidon's offspring looked at them with wide eyes. They thought her Luke raped her? She looked down and hugged her chest, wincing at the cuts still not healed. Maybe Luke needed a way to give her an alibi, make sure she was safe until he could come back for her. He said he loved her, after all. Thinking quickly, she tried to come up with a sob story. She shook her head, "N-no, L-Luke n-never said anything. He just took me into the forest and. . . and," She covered her face with her hands, tears rolling down her face. The tears weren't fake; they just weren't because of the story. It was because he left her behind, without a final word. Mr. D. nodded at Chiron and left the infirmary. Clearing his throat to get her attention, Percy looked up at him with tear-filled eyes. "Percy, there is something that happened afterward. When Luke returned to camp he set fire to it, only your cabin and Hephaestus' remains. There were many injured from this. And that is not all." Persephone looked up into his eyes and saw intense sorrow, "W-what is it?" He took a deep breath and said, "Percy, you're pregnant." Her eyes widened and she paled, "P-pr-pregnant!" she looked up at him, hoping he was joking. He nodded his head stiffly, "I'm afraid so. We will have to keep you here past summer's end. Your scent plus the baby's would draw monsters like moths to a flame. There is no other way. I am sorry. We would suggest getting rid of it, but there aren't any cases of Poseidon's children getting into this situation and we don't know what would happen, the sea being what it is, and with all of his children being male. I wish you well Percy Jackson." Squeezing her shoulder in a show of support, Chiron trotted out, leaving Annabeth and Percy alone. Annabeth looked at Percy sadly. Someone who she had thought she had a crush on had turned out to be a rapist and arsonist. Her heart went out to Percy. She was used by someone she called friend, and, if she read the signs correctly, crush. Still on the bed, she pulled the trembling demi-god into her arms and whispered sweet nothings into her ears as she rubbed circles on Percy's back. It wasn't long before she felt tears soaking her shirt as Percy pressed her face into her chest. "I'm t-too y-young to be a m-mother," she cried, sniffing pathetically. "Sh, sh, everything will be alright. We'll take care of you," she cooed while fighting her own tears. She thought Luke was a good man, but he left her, just like her father. Okay, bad comparison, her father simply ignored her, Luke destroyed the only place she had ever felt at home and raped her best friend. If they met again, she would kill him. She would get revenge for Percy. Meanwhile Percy was couldn't help the tears flowing down her face. She was only thirteen and already destined to be a mother by fourteen years of age. Granted the kid was born of her love for Luke, but he wasn't even here to hear the good news, if it was. What would he think? Would he hate her? Spurn her? Accept her? The questions and what ifs flying around her head. She wished Luke was here, he would know what to do. Far away, racing toward his dark master, Luke couldn't but feel guilty for leaving Percy behind. After all, he just took her virginity and couldn't be bothered to greet her when she woke up. She must hate him right now. He only hoped their love would last long enough for him to rescue her from the Gods' clutches. They wouldn't do anything while they thought she was still their pawn, but if she made one wrong move (and she most likely would, she is quite impulsive, as last night had shown him) they would either kill her or twist her mind until she was little more than a puppet. He was ashamed that he had been one for a time, but thanked his lucky stars that his master had saved him from their manipulating ways.