at the words. Before any other exchange could be made, a soft yet comforting voice spoke as another flash of light occurred. "Do not despair Salacia, I can ensure that your body does not reject the child. I can also delay the death of the mortal woman for a short time." Salacia looked up into the warm flaming eyes of her sister-in-law. Her heart filled with relief at the very appearance of Vesta, the goddess' calming aura being strong enough to affect even powerful immortals. What is Vesta, no not Vesta, Hestia, doing here? She thought surprised. "I am the Goddess of Family, I can sense when things are tense and strained," Hestia responded to the unasked question, "I have been watching you Salacia, I wasn't planning on allowing you to be alone after my brothers actions caused you such grief." Salacia's felt the edges of her eyes begin to water, until she forced her emotions down once again. Romans are fierce we do not weaken this easily , she scolded, especially not at such an important time . But regardless Salacia was eternally grateful for her caring sister-in-law. She gave Hestia a small smile, before being interrupted by a cough from Hecate. "Well if the two of you are done being all lovey dovey, can you let me know your decision before the mortal dies, are we doing this or not?" Hecate questioned impatiently. Upon receiving a quick nod from Salacia, she knelt down next to the young woman and placed both hands over her abdomen. She began chanting in Latin, the speed of her chanting increasing until Salacia couldn't understand anything she was saying. The chanting continued on for a few minutes, and while at first nothing seemed to happen, a strange greenish glow began to emanate from the woman's womb. While Hecate worked her magic, Hestia provided the young woman with water, which immediately returned some colour to her paling skin. Suddenly after a few minutes of anxious waiting, Hecate finally motioned for Salacia to come closer. She drew in a deep breath before confidently proceeding to lie next to the dying mortal's side. Hecate reached her right hand, which now glowed green, towards Salacia, her left still resting on the mortal. Her chanting stopped for a second before beginning anew, and she gently placed the hand on Salacia's belly. Salacia felt pain surge through her body as she felt her womb begin to expand. Hestia was immediately at her side, and a hand gently cupped her cheek. Hestia's other hand moved to Salacia's belly and the pain immediately lessened. Salacia could still feel her body expanding, but the pain was distorted, as if numbed. She was able to notice that while her abdomen was growing, the mortal's was shrinking at the same rate. Once her belly reached the original size of the mortal's, the glow subsided. And suddenly she felt something, a heartbeat , and as much as it surprised her, it also felt strangely right in a way. As though it was natural to have this child, this baby boy , inside her. She looked to Hestia in amazement, "What did you do?" she asked quietly. Hestia responded with a smile. "The only thing that would enable your body to accept the child. I dissolved the bond with his mother, and reformed that bond with you." Salacia stared at her confused as Hestia continued, "For all intents and purposes, from this moment on you are now this child's mother. I don't know what kind of affect it will have on the child's appearance or abilities, but your body recognizes it as being your child." Salacia stared in wonder at her now enlarged belly, my child, she thought. A small smile graced her beautiful face as she slowly processed the idea. The now childless mortal coughed violently, drawing Salacia's attention. She sat up and rushed towards her. Salacia immediately noticed the lost yet happy look on the woman's face, as well as how clammy her skin had become. She knew that the mortal drew her final breaths, and asked one final question. "What should I name the child?" The woman smiled happily at the question, and said, "Perseus. Name him Perseus, son of Poseidon and Sally Jackson." She looked thoughtful for a moment before adding, "And Salacia." And with a last shuddering breath Sally Jackson entered the afterlife. AN: Hello guys, welcome, this is my first official story here on fanfiction. I have tons of ideas for various worlds, AUs and just awesome stories in general for PJO. I decided to début with this one mostly because I have a concrete idea about the plot and where I want it to go, as well as estimating it to be of fairly manageable size. Anyways let me know what you think about it so far. I kinda felt like it was sort of long winded. The wording at the start was done mostly because I wanted to portray what I felt Amphitrite/Salacia being a more formal goddess would mean, ie. more ancient/formal style of speech as well as the temperament of the Roman pantheon. However I kinda slacked off at the end as I ran out of words and patience. I plan on making it a lot more modern and casual in the future. Please throw your questions and concerns at me, leave any reviews you feel like, constructive criticism is always helpful. Let me know any ideas you may have for the future, and I will try and take it into account and make it fit my story as much as possible. Just a warning to you guys though, I am a university student meaning I may not be able to update frequently and can get very busy, in addition I also have a job. So yea, time, where does it all go, eh? Thanks for reading guys, please feel free to send a review or follow/favorite if you wanna see more. Have an awesome time!