just that..." "Heartbreak?" she asked. Wow. Being a child of Aphrodite/Venus has it's perks. "Yeah." I said. I told her the whole story: what I did for the wisdom b****, the arrival of my half brother, how I lost my honor, when she cheated on me, what Lady Hestia did for me, and what I've been trying to do until I met Piper. "Well, that sucks ass." she agreed. "Look, Percy." Piper approached me and sat next to me, bringing the pizza box with her. "Romans consider graecus, Greek in Latin, as outsiders. They say Greece and Rome can never mix without death. Learned that from the First Cohort." "Not true. We just hung out and it's already fine." "Oh, and you said that Mount Othrys was destroyed the moment Saturn was destroyed, that was the Romans." My jaw instantly hit the ground. No wonder their home base crumbled. "Y...You guys assaulted Mount Othrys while we defended Olympus." "We...we were working together without even realizing it." I pulled her closer to me, wrapping my arms around the daughter of Venus. "What happened to you anyway, Piper?" I asked her. She just snuggled closer to me. "Look, I have the gift of charmspeak like my mom. It's a dangerous and powerful gift. After the battle of Mount Othrys, a month ago, I heard some people saying I was too dangerous to stay at camp. Everyone turned their backs on me like the plague. That's why I'm on the run. The annoying ass augur, Octavian, drugged our praetors/camp leaders so that they didn't notice my problem." I was startled by her story. She ran away, like me. I stood up and helped her up and hugged her tightly. "I'm sorry, Piper." I said. "It's fine, Percy. You may be a Greek unlike me, but I can relate to you." she replied back. We separated as she leaned in towards me, but I stopped her. "We can make out later. We're going to San Francisco so that you can rest up." I said. I picked up the pizza box and walked back to my car. Piper followed me. She seemed pretty shocked to see an orange Chevorlet Camaro Z/28. "You like it?" I asked, turning to her. Piper just nodded mindlessly. Chuckling a bit, I brought her to the co driver's seat, where my phone is still intact. For the next 24 hours, I decided to babysit the daughter of Venus, even if she's only like two years younger than me. I brought her to the wharf, where we took a few pics with Alcatraz. Yeah. We had a good time. We prepared for the real trip to Arizona. Before that, I Iris messaged my mom, again. "Hey, mom. Sorry but, I got delayed. Had to help a fellow demigod here." "Ah, hi there. Cherish her properly, okay Percy?" This made Piper and I blush a little. "You're embarrassing me! Okay, we're on our way. Stay safe, mom!" "You as well, Percy!" I swished the message away as we entered the car. Piper wore a white t-shirt we bought at a souvenir shop in the wharf and the same blue jacket from our encounter in the woods. I kept the same thing but with a green t-shirt. I set my iPhone on the stand and searched for "Movies" as I drove. "What movies do you have?" Piper asked. "Hmm...I downloaded all Twilight movies, Vampires Suck, and Starving Games." I answered. The daughter of Venus didn't really look happy at all. "At least there's no Fifty Shades of Grey." she muttered. We had the time of our lives! Going fast on a Chevorlet Camaro Z/28 from Lady Hestia, watching movies, having a few food and restroom stops, etc. Anyway, a few hours later, I saw the ranch my mom and Paul are in. We stopped outside the porch where I noticed something wrong: the door wasn't completely closed. Freaking out, I got out of the car, brought out Riptide, set it on fire (champion of Hestia, hello.), and kicked the door open. Piper followed me with Katropis. Turning 90 degrees to my right, I opened another door, and I was traumatized. My mom and Paul, dead on the bloody floor. Kelli the empousa was about to grab my crying baby sister, Isaline when I hollered. "KELLI!" She turned to me, completely scared. "I...I...I can explain!" she screamed, backing away to the wall. I did the one thing that anyone else would: I swung a flaming Riptide at Kelli and made her disintegerate. Piper took Isaline from her cradle and started rocking her, trying to comfort the crying infant. I sat on one of the rocking chairs outside of the porch. "If he were still here I'd disown him!" "You're a million times better than Percy, Marcus! I love you more than that weakling." I heard their voices in my mind: the assholes who ruined my life, the father that forgot me, and the girl I gave up godhood for, cheating on me. I squeezed my head in pain. Then, I started tearing up. I was whimpering and crying like a baby. I turned to my right to see Piper still holding Isaline. She had a look of guilt in her face. "It's my fault, Percy." she said, startling me. "Why?" I asked. "If I had those centaurs under control, you would've reached Arizona earlier." "Part of it is my fault too, Piper. It was my idea to spend time in the wharf." "So we're both at fault here?" "Let's not blame ourselves. It was the empousa's fault." "I guess that's better." I looked at the greenery around the ranch with Piper, until I heard a woman. "Hello, Perseus. Hello, Piper." We turned to see a short haired young lady with white hair, starry eyes, and a leather outfit with moving galaxy and star prints. "Who are you?" I asked. "I am Lady Chaos, the Creator, and I would like you two to join me."