floor was built with what appeared to be medium sized marble slabs. But that is not what surprised me, it was the mass amount of sketches on the walls that surprised me, especially since the majority of them were of me. Some were of Annabeth and the rest were either ocean scenes or creepy monsters. If there hadn't been so many pictures of me I would have thought that this was Percy's hide out because of the ocean scenes and Annabeths hanging all over the walls. That confused me the most; nobody at camp besides Percy, Rachel and sometimes Annabeth even talked to me much less liked me. I looked at some of the drawings of me. Whoever drew these certainly was a fantastic artist, but gave me way too much credit because I'm almost positive I don't look as good as the model-like figure in the picture. There were sketches of me battling it out with Percy (which was one of the only pictures with Percy in it, and the person who drew him didn't give him nearly enough justice), there were also sketches of me eating my weird lunch at the pavilion. The scariest sketches though, were the ones where I was sleeping. I mean, the other sketches were of things that I do on a regular basis in public , but the only way the artist could have drawn me sleeping is if they had come into my locked cabin in the middle of the night. What in the name of Hades was going on here? I walked over to the small beanbag in the corner and sat down on it suddenly feeling really drowsy. I sighed heavily thinking that I would have to leave soon before anyone noticed I had been gone so long. I decided I would come back again soon. I took one last look around the room when something caught my eye and I froze. My body stiffened and my face took on something resembling a frown that you would think Hades himself wore. There on the wall full of sketches was a section devoted to himself playing the guitar and singing… nobody, and I mean NOBODY was supposed to know about that! I suppose I shouldn't have been so surprised considering I had been interrupted by the mystery artist when I was doing the exact same thing that I was doing in the sketches, but this was just too much. Not only did this person know pretty much everything about me, he also knew about the one place that was purely him, the one place that set him apart from all the other campers was now sabotaged. I stormed out of the tree house as fast as I could and ran through the forest in a blur. As I was approaching the camp I ran into a very disheveled Percy. And even though I was the smaller one, he was the one that went crashing to the ground. Sometimes I didn't even know my own strength. "Crap. I'm sorry Percy." I mumbled. I held out my hand to help him up. He grabbed it and heaved himself up. When he was standing though, he didn't let go of my hand. My heart jumped inside my chest. I tried to pull away from his grasp but his hand just seemed to tighten around my wrist. "You're not going anywhere until you tell me why in the hell you ran away. Am I really that offensive to look at?" He said with a hint of a smile on his lips. "Geez, Percy, let go of me you're cutting off my circulation." His vice grip on my wrist loosened a bit, but he didn't let go of me. "Look," I said, "I'm just not comfortable talking to you about that stuff." At least part of that was true; he wouldn't mind talking about it as long as it wasn't about Annabeth and Percy. He had a small smile on his face suddenly. I could feel my face growing extremely red. "You could have just told me you weren't comfortable with that sort of conversation instead of running away like that." He smirked at me. "I sometimes forget that not everybody gets the birds and the bees talk from their parents, especially for someone who lived back when sex was unacceptable before marriage." "Gods Nico, you're old!" He said with a smile on his face. "I'm sixteen years old Percy; I'm not old. Besides you're like seventeen and a half, that's a year older than me." "But I wasn't born in the early nineteen hundreds, I was born in the late nineteen hundreds. That's a huge age difference. You should be like over a hundred by now." He said with a short laugh. "If you're done making fun of me, can I go?" "No, you distracted me with your grandpa-age. Back to the topic at hand, I'm sorry for bombarding you with that uncomfortable conversation. I just needed someone to talk to and since you're kinda my best friend and all I thought you were the best person to have that sort of talk with. I didn't even realize the effects it would have on you." "Don't apologize Percy, I'm just not in a very good place right now and I was being a grouch. I should have been there for you." I said, feeling ashamed of the way I handled the situation. "Now you may leave." He said and let go of my wrist. The loss of the warmth of his hand gave me a weird feeling of loss but I pushed it aside and turned to walk to my cabin. I decided not to tell Percy about the tree house I had come across. If I had I would probably have to explain why I was in the forest in the first place and I just wasn't willing to let him have that kind of information about the one private thing in my life.