thought of how worried his mom would've had to have been to reorganize her and Paul's entire collection of books - and trust him, that was a lot). There was a new painting too, and a decorative new lamp on a little table. And yet, some things were the same. Their large window looked out over New York City's sky line, letting light stream in. The blue painted walls were still covered with pictures of Percy through the years - from being a baby covered in soapy bubbles in the tub, to a fun trip to the water park when he was ten (one of his only trips, since Gabe liked to "save money" - or, really, use it for himself), to the most recent - a picture on the last day of summer almost a year ago. The photograph captured the moment perfectly, and Percy can he feel his eyes watering as he looked at it with nostalgia. It's him, with Annabeth by his side as usual. They're both surrounded by grinning friends - Grover was standing on Percy's other side, and he has an arm wrapped around a glowing Juniper. Travis and Connor Stoll are smirking next to a beaming Katie Gardner and Malcolm Green. Even Clarisse is pursing her lips at the camera. There are countless others in the background, but the faces Percy spots immediately makes him ache the most. He's seen them at Camp, of course, but seeing how easy it was back then - how innocent and happy and fun - makes him hurt like no physical injury ever could. And the smell - it surrounded Percy like a warm blanket. He could smell lasgana - a favorite of Percy's that Sally rarely had the time to make - cooking in the oven, and the usual scent of old books, cookies, and faint oranges remained. Percy stopped in the middle of the room, closed his eyes, and breathed it all in. Paul cleared his throat. "Sally's in the bathroom. We thought you were coming a little later. I'm surprised you managed to get Percy here on time," Paul said to Annabeth with a bright but shaky smile as they took a seat on the couch. Percy, luckily, came out of his daze and joined them. Annabeth glanced at the clock, her smile widening, but her voice was still a little shaky. "As was I." This morning, Percy had woken up early out of nerves, making it unnecessary for Annabeth to force him out of bed. However, that didn't stop Percy from stalling on their way. Annabeth still couldn't believe how stubborn her boyfriend could be sometimes. Paul opened his mouth to say something - probably something about what had happened that last two months of their lives, not to mention Percy going missing - but then Percy stopped him. "Who painted that?" he asked suddenly. Paul followed his gaze to the new painting on the wall, a small piece of art that pictured the ocean, a sunset, and a familiar looking cabin. Percy's eyes were stormy and hard to read. Paul chose his words carefully. "Your mother, actually. She looked forward to showing it to you for when you got back." Percy stared at the painting for another second before turning to Paul. "You re-organized the bookshelf," Percy stated. His eyes were wide. "And yet everything is almost the same," Paul smiled tightly. "We kept all of your books too. In your room. It's all still the same," he told his stepson assuredly, unsure how Percy would take it. Percy nodded silently. Paul was suddenly very nervous. His stepson was not acting at all how he thought he would. Annabeth seemed to notice, too. She reached over and took Percy's hand, giving it a light squeeze. Paul could feel something - something big - pass between them. They shared a glance, but neither said anything. He could only imagine what they had gone through to form a bond that strong. Actually, now that Paul thought about it, he couldn't imagine what his stepson and stepson's girlfriend had gone through. And that… That was what scared him. In the silence, a tired - and yet still excited - voice floated down the hallway from the back. "Paul?" Percy tensed suddenly as he heard steps coming down the hallway. "Paul, do you think Percy will be here soon? I don't think I can wait any-" Sally Jackson entered the living room, but she quickly came to a halt. Her jaw dropped. Both Percy and Paul stood up. "Sally." Paul was the only who could speak. Percy and Sally just stared. "They got here early. They-" He stopped suddenly when both Percy and Sally surged towards each other, arms wide open. The silence was broken when Sally began sobbing into her son's shoulders. Percy, too, was crying, but you could only see his shoulders shaking as he embraced his mother. "Oh, my baby," Sally cried into his shoulder. "Oh, Percy, you're safe, you're home." She closed her eyes, squeezing out more tears. "I love you, I love you so, so much." Percy didn't say anything for a moment. He just hugged his mother, his head buried into her shoulder. After a minute, he pulled back, wiping tears from his eyes. Sally reached up and brushed her thumb across his cheek, smiling tightly as she wiped his tears away. This was what she should be doing - she was his mother; he was her son. Percy, his eyes wet, his nose running, his hair a mess, his skin blotchy, still stared at her with those familiar bright green eyes. Sally almost started bawling again just looking at them. How many nights had she cried herself to sleep, wishing she could just see those eyes again? Percy cleared his throat, and blinked the last few tears out of his eyes. He only managed to mutter two words to his mother, but just to hear his voice again... "I'm home."