the professors stay in the North Tower. It's huge." Both boys paused to smile as Nico almost tripped on the last stair before Percy continued with directing hand gestures. "The southeast side of the school is dedicated to dorms. Real convenient, 'cause it means the profs' don't hear us from the North end. The southwest side is all classrooms – mostly core subjects – and the library – which is huge and scary and horrible to get lost in. The South Tower is where all of us came in; the gates. It also doubles as the Astronomy Tower – it's almost as tall as North. The school's auditorium/theatre thing is in the West Tower. Northwest is all the more creative classes like workshop, art, languages, etc. What we're walking around right now? That's the plaza. Outdoor activities? That's the place. It sides with the dining hall, a ballroom, and the kitchens." "Makes it near impossible to steal some damn food, they're right next to the Heads tower." Jason added. Percy sent him a look for interrupting before once again, continuing to unfold the school to Nico. "Northeast is basically all the good stuff. The pool, the gym, huge showers and baths area, and maintenance." Percy smiled largely before taking a huge breath. "My mouth is so dry now." "How big is this school?" Nico ignored Percy, exasperated and amazed. Percy looked proud of his little speech. Jason looked at him before looking ahead into what Nico realized was the dining hall. "Huge." Jason was right, Nico decided. The school was huge. Nico trailed behind Percy and Jason as they lead him into the – room for a lack of a better word. His eyes trailed down from the expansive ceiling and to the wooden tables. Tables at the side of the expansive space held all types of dinner foods. The boys Nico saw earlier sat at one table, and boys ages 13-18 were spread all over the place mingling, laughing, and exchanging items, most eating. "Problem is," he heard from in front of him. Jason was speaking. "You forget which way is North—" Percy cut him off and finished his sentence. "—and you're not just lost. You're doomed." Nico swallowed even though the boys faces showed hints of joking. Their voices were pretty serious. After they lined up to get some food, and filled their plates to the brim with all you can eat in 10 minutes, Jason looked back at him and pointed to a table a couple of boys were already seated at. "Time you meet our friends," he said. Percy walked along in front of Nico and Jason. Something blue was poking out of Percy's jeans – a pen. It drew attention to his butt, which Nico forced himself to look away from. He had an extremely nice ass. Forcing himself to pay attention to Jason, who was apparently saying something, Nico got his mind out of the gutter. "—a couple of other friends. There's the girls's school, Yancy, a km down the hills. They share their stables with us. We share our lake. The girls school is just as big as ours, but a lot of it is empty. They use our ballroom, our pool, and our aud. All events are basically conjoined." Right, the school Hazel went to. Nico forced himself to say something. "That's cool." They reached the table and Nico sat in between the two older boys. Percy looked over to him as he ate his first piece of chicken, looking around. "The Hall isn't always like this. Weekends, holidays, first days back and exam week. That's when everyone can sit where they want. The rest of the week, or at least school days, you sit with your dorm at breakfast, during lunch you're free to eat outside or in the Hall with whomever, and at dinner you sit with your grade. It's pretty simple." "Helps make friends." Jason stated, his mouth half full of salad. He began to introduce members at their table. "Nico, this is Leo," he gestured to a short Latino boy with crazy curls and elfish features. The boy was kinda cute but slightly weird. In his hands he held a broken apart yo-yo. Leo waved, his hand had black ink all over it, before returning to his food. Nico suspected the boy had broken a pen earlier. "Frank," Jason pointed to a tall and chubby panda looking Chinese boy. He had black military cut hair and warm brown eyes. Cute too, but in a more teddy bear way. Frank lifted his hand to wave but accidentally knocked a glass of Canada Dry down. He blushed and rushed to wipe it off. The table burst into laughter. "And that's Grover." A brown haired green eyed boy with freckles and crutches smiled at him. There was an enchilada in his hand and his shirt said Pan is Dead – Keep his Kingdom Alive. Nico had no idea what it was about, but to everyone else, it seemed normal. "Last year Beckendorf bunked with us, but he graduated last year. He was cool. I think we'll all miss him." Percy said, smiling sadly before taking another bite of pizza. Suddenly, a loud old school school bell rang loud and clear. Nico looked up at the table, wondering what it meant. "Warning bell," Leo said. "30 minutes till curfew. The hall is closes in five. Come on, hurry up so we don't get in trouble." Frank said. "But I still have another enchilada!" Grover hurried to stuff his first one into his mouth. One gulp and it was gone, Nico stared in wonder. "We won't get in trouble," Jason said. "It's the first night back, no one gets in trouble. Maybe Percy, I bet he can do it though." "You bet." When Nico finally got to lie down on his bed to sleep, his alarm set for tomorrow 7:30 sharp, he wasn't so mad at his dad for sending him here afterall.