way. "Kids believed her, for a while. She was a role model for them, like some kind of celebrity or something." Piper doesn't say anything for a while. "Is that why you hate her so much?" Drew smiles, but it's full of malice, and her eyes are cold, the fond look gone. "No. For all of Silena's talk about being the good daughter, the good son of Aphrodite, she couldn't even live up to it, in the end." Piper looks at her, eyebrows furrowed. "She couldn't-?" Drew laughs, stopping her. "You haven't heard the full story, right?" she says, "All you know is the story that everyone else tells, that she did the right thing, that she was a hero." "Well, Silena? She fell in love with the enemy-" Drew stops. "Actually? That isn't it. She was charmed by him. Luke was handsome, he knew how to talk, and- Silena did whatever he asked. Became his own little personal spy. It cost some lives, in the war, but once her boyfriend died? I guess you could say that she saw the error of her ways. She died trying to fix her mistakes. People see her as some kind of- martyr , or goddess, but- if you ask me? She was a hypocrite." Drew lets out another sigh. "Clarisse would punch me if she heard me say that. And you already knew how I thought of Silena. Can't say I'm sorry for wasting your time, though." "And that's the truth?" Piper says quietly. "Whole story, Pipes." Drew pats her on the leg. It's condescending. "There's a reason you don't hear people talking about it." She stands up, and stretches, a small yawn escaping her pink lips. "Then I became counselor, and everything went back to how it should be. But," She turns around to face Piper, eyes narrowed. "I don't want another repeat of Silena." XoX Dinner passes without problems, and so does the campfire. Once they're back in Cabin Ten, the Aphrodite kids mill about and chat, getting ready for bed and using the last few minutes they have left before curfew. Piper, in the meantime, puts on her pyjamas in record time for a child of Aphrodite and searches for Mariana's bunk. Once her eyes find the chest with the name engraved in it in cursive, Piper takes a breath before approaching, mentally preparing herself. "Hey," she says, trying to sound bright and cheery. Mariana looks up at her from where she'd been brushing her hair. They hold eye contact for a second before Mariana's eyes dart to her pink sheets. It's almost like she's... scared of her. The realization makes her heart sag a little, and Piper speaks quietly. "Mind if I sit?" she says, and tucks a stray braid behind her ear. Mariana nods, and Piper does, trying to do it as lightly as possible. Once she's seated, it takes her a while to find the words she wants to say. "I'm sorry for," she swallows, "Treating you like I did this morning. You didn't deserve that." Mariana picks at a thread. "It's no biggie. I did deserve it, anyways. You don't have to apologize." "No, I do," Piper says. "I lost my temper, and I shouldn't have. You didn't deserve it. At all." Mariana only shrugs, still picking at the thread. "Why was it- the concealer- so important to you?" Piper says it reluctantly. It feels wrong coming out of her mouth. The eleven year-old looks up, finally making eye contact. "I only arrived at Camp Half-Blood a few months ago. Before that, I never had- makeup, or concealer, or anything like that." She pulls her knees to her chest, and stares at the stars on her purple pyjamas. "My classmates used to make fun of me because of my pimples. Used to call me, "the Acne Monster". I didn't have any friends, and I would stay home a lot. The dyslexia and ADHD made it worse, and being-" she points at her skin, and Piper gets it. "You know." "I was the only kid who wasn't white," the Latina says, and yeah. Piper's been that kid before, a lot of the time. "But eventually, I came here, and... it wasn't like that anymore. I never got a blessing, like you, or anything, though. They helped me," she gestures at the kids in the cabin and smiles. "My brothers and sisters." Mariana shrugs. "I shouldn't have panicked this morning. I just don't want to be that kid, never again. And this was the first place where I wasn't." Piper knows Mariana's feelings aren't just shared by the Aphrodite cabin, but the rest of the demigods in the camp, too. She might not feel it to the same extent, but she does. "It's okay. And I'm sorry," Piper says, softly. "I haven't been a good big sister, have I?" "No," Mariana admits, "But you can be." A silence lingers over them for a few minutes before Mariana reaches over into her chest, and pulls out a black brush. "Can I," she asks, and wags the brush in the air a bit. "Brush your hair? No offence, but it's giving me a headache just looking at it." "Yeah, me too," Piper says, grinning, and turns her back to Mariana. After she takes out the braids, Mariana moves the brush through the tangles in Piper's thick brown hair. Her hand is firm, yet gentle, and Piper sighs and closes her eyes, a warm feeling spreading through her chest. It's the best she's felt in a while. XoX Piper McLean might not be the best counselor Cabin Ten's ever had, or the best sister, but she's trying. XoX la fin If you managed to stay and read to the end, thank you! I had a great time writing this fanfiction, which I was struck with in a moment of inspiration. This is also the longest fic I've ever written by a mile, so I'm feeling pretty proud. Thank you again!