or you would give him and Tartarus ideas," Poseidon said grimly. Alexia smiled sadly, her eyes leaving the present as the spark of insanity glinted inside them. "Perhaps that would be best, yes... Now go to your immortal wife. Perhaps it is time to reconcile with her," she said. Poseidon grimaced, and Alexia grinned with a hint of viciousness. "I know. But you are immortal, and more powerful. The worst she could do was make you rather uncomfortable. So go clean up and work the Water charm. The one that skipped your other son, if his yelling is anything to go by." Poseidon raised an eyebrow, prompting her to explain. "I try not to get angry often... With my control over the earth and how the sea is linked to my emotion, I could very well end up destroying everything with earthquakes and floods... So I trapped the boy in a dome of dirt, before he made me angry. He has a very inventive mouth. I just wish he would close it..." The sea god smiled slightly, and vanished in a blue-green light. Alexia turned to Artemis. "Thank you for stopping me, Lady Artemis, but I would like to speak to Lady Hestia alone. I freed the boy, and you should probably stop your Hunters from killing him. As entertaining as it would be, he is also Poseidon's son. Also, tell Thalia that I will be back later tonight," she said. Artemis hesitated, but nodded. Alexia turned to Hestia after Artemis flashed out. "Barring the control over the earth, what gave me away," Alexia asked, smiling as she sat down in front of the hearth. Hestia smiled. "Father only ate his sons at first. When you told him that prophecy, he flipped out, and ate them. I got to spend some time with my grandmother, before he decided to eat the rest of us. As the Goddess of Family, I would recognize my family anywhere," she said, sitting down in front of Alexia. "I am not all of her, Lady Hestia... All the Primordials have two personas... They are essentially two souls in one body. Good and Evil, one benevolent half and one malevolent. When Kronos cut his mother with his scythe, it separated the two souls. The evil stayed, and got revenge. The good was ripped out, and was reborn as me... I am not her, though I have half of her powers and feelings and quite a few scattered memories... I am essentially her better half," Alexia said. Hestia just smiled at her, and poked at the hearth with a stick. "You're right. You aren't her. You're wiser, but younger. And being reborn as a Daughter of Poseidon makes you stronger. I think you should go now. Remember to visit sometime, grandmother." Alexia smiled back at the goddess and gently kissed her forehead, as she felt her control of her own body slip into the hands of her power. "Take care of the hearth, child," she said, in an older voice that was not fully her. Hestia only grinned more, and waved her hand. Alexia vanished from Olympus, and reappeared in her home, where Agathe was waiting. "We're leaving for Camp Half-Blood, Agathe," she said the second she was fully solid. Alexia was handed a pre-prepared bag of supplies by the nature spirit, which she shouldered, before she raised her left hand, gripping Agathe's in her right. A circle of earth surrounded them, and they vanished once again, but to Artemis' camp this time. Alexia and Agathe reappeared beside Alexia's dome of dirt, which had collapsed, revealing a very angry and haggard boy. "You are not to cause trouble in my woods, boy. You are to mind your tongue, and keep your blade sheathed at all times. Failure to comply will result in me getting angry. And THAT is a very bad thing," Alexia warned him sternly. The boy's hands twitched towards his blade, and Alexia subtly slipped into a ready stance. "Be quiet! Do you know who I am, girl!? I am Heracles Finnegan! Son of Poseidon! Respect me," the boy demanded. He was scowling furiously by now, and Alexia's face matched his. Agathe's eyes widened, and she took a step away from her queen. The spirit remembered how Alexia reacted to the presence of the original Heracles, who had also demanded her respect. Alexia's green eyes darkened, and a strange gleam glinted in the fading daylight. "Are you now? Call up the sea, boy. Show me this power that demands my respect." The boy grew angry and charged, his blade drawn. Alexia sighed mentally. He had obviously not discovered his hydrokinesis yet. "Pathetic. Are you not a demigod, boy!?" Alexia raised a finger, and the earth shot up, and knocked him out with a single strike to the chin. Alexia frowned, not at all enjoying the fight, and began to look for Thalia. "She's with the younger demigods, milady," Agathe said, her cheeks slightly green with envy as she noticed her queen's searching eyes. "Thank you, Agathe," Alexia said, before dragging the spirit with her to see her friend. "C'mon. I think you should meet my friend," the nature spirit heard her queen say. Fin! I'm trying to balance everyone. In raw power, Alexia is about as strong as four titans. She could fight them, but her body is only half-god. It's dreadfully fragile, and she's also teetering on the edge of madness. It's like this: she got help from her dryad parents, but talking out a problem like hers isn't easy. Children's minds are very fragile. Her psyche is fractured, but they don't differ too much. Alexia, the kind and sometimes stern woman, is accepting of other men. She doesn't like them, but she doesn't hate them. Alexia, the insane half of her, on the other hand, hates men irrationally. This half of her is very much dangerous to anything with testicles that walks on two feet, but it's still kind and gentle to women.