"Preposterous!" he thundered. "There is no way a human can leave Tartarus, much less surviving for that long. Not only that, but we sealed all entrances to Tartarus." "I came out from the entrance in the Underworld," Percy stated. He didn't notice the gods straighten up slightly. "Look," Percy said getting annoyed. He hadn't been gone that long, had he; a couple of months at the most, everyone looked the same, even New York was the same, just as he remembered. "I climbed up the entrance to Tartarus that is in the Underworld, and, in all honesty, I'm really, really , tired. I just came here because I knew that you guys would want to see me as soon as possible. I'd like to get some sleep, and see my mom and girlfriend, so can we get twenty questions done and over with, please?" The gods looked each other, and burst into ancient greek so fast that Percy couldn't follow. He caught a couple of words, but didn't really have a chance to listen before a fist collided with his cheek. It was a good solid hit that would have dislocated his jaw if he hadn't turned with it. His movement didn't save his lip from being busted against his teeth. Staggering back a couple of steps, nursing his jaw. He was defiantly going to have a bruise soon. Percy straightened up, only to double back over when the same fist sank into his stomach. All the breath left his lungs, and Percy had to fight to get the lungs to work properly. After a minute of wheezing, Percy stood now nursing both his jaw and sore stomach. He came face to face with a very angry looking Thalia. Scratch angry, she was enraged, furious; the look in her eyes promised his early demise. Percy stepped back, more in shock of her expression than her murderous punches. Her hair was till black streaked with blue highlights, but had grown a little. Her Huntress tiara wasn't in her hair, and her eyes were a deep electric blue, they seemed to be lighter than he remembered. Oh, no, that was just the small bolts of lightning that was coming from her eyes. "I'm sorry!" Percy blurted, not really knowing what he was apologizing for, but it felt like the right thing to do considering the situation. "I-" He tried to continue, though his words were going to just be spur of the moment things that popped into his head, he thought that it would be better than getting pummeled into the ground by and angry piece of lighting. "I DON'T CARE, YOU IDIOT!" She interrupted, her voice ringing through the silent hall. "YOU SEAWEED-BRAINED PIECE OF WHALE SHIT! DON'T EXPECT SYMPATHY FROM ME, BECAUSE YOU DECIDED TO STAY IN THAT HELL HOLE! YOU MUST HAVE THE INTELIGENCE OF A GOLD FISH TO THINK THAT WAS A GOOD IDEA! DID YOU EVEN THINK, YOU WALKING SEA CRUSTATION?! DO YOU EVEN KNOW HOW IMPORTANT YOU ARE UP HERE?!" Percy flinched at every insult. They hurt, and Thalia's fury was worse than anything he had seen before from her. An light blue aura surrounded her, and lighting rumbled. Her eyes had lost all blue, and were pure white like the strongest lightning bolt in a storm. He wanted to step back, to pacify her, but he didn't know what to say or do. "Thals, I've only been gone-" Once again Thalia cut him off. "YOU'VE BEEN GONE FOR TWENTY YEARS, PERSEUS!" Hello everyone, the names VigilantSempai, and I present to you my first ever Percy Jackson FanFic. I have never done one before, but I love the whole series, and wanted to try it out. Just an FYI, I haven't read anything after The Mark of Athena (I know, pathetic right?), and so I will only have the story being the same up to that point. Sorry, but I just haven't gotten a chance to get my hands on the book, so please don't rip me to shreds if the story is inaccurate; although please feel free to review, and explain anything that you find bad about the story. I live of reviews, so if it's a flame, don't worry, but please don't verbally kill me. Now this will be a Percy x Thalia story, that is definite, but do want to know what you guys would like to see throughout the story, not just relationship wise, but anything that you think would be cool or awesome. But back to the paring, I want to know if you guys want Percy to have multiple girls. Now don't go calling me a sexist pig, because I just don't care about how other people view relationships. I am certainly not saying that woman are only good for breeding, and don not support the possibility of a man having a harem of woman, though I am not opposed to it. I only want to know what you as the readers want to read in this story. It will have a an actual plot, but I won't just throw them into a war or something. This will NOT be a story featuring Chaos or any of his ilk. I find that those stories are severely rehashed, and the possibility of a good story is killed by adding that in it. Their will be a gods-vs-gods though, so don't get to depressed. Last two things: One, I will introduce an OC in here soon, and I would like to know what you think of her and if she should get without hero. Two, I will be uploading an Inheritance story that I want to redo, because of how bad the first try was for me. Please check it out, and if you don't like it that's alright. For anyone who doesn't know what Inheritance is, it the Eragon-verse, with dragons and magic and elves. It's pretty awesome, kf I say so in my humble opinion. Anyway, that's it! Peace ~VigilantSempai~