the face, sending her to unconsciousness. The next boy charged me, and I slammed the pommel of my blade into his nose, knocking him out. Clarisse got back up, her helmet knocked off, and I actually saw her for the first time since I got to camp. She wasn't one's normal definition of 'hot'. She was built like an Amazon, and had cropped brown hair, and rusty-brown eyes. Not the prettiest girl I've ever seen, but she was certainly in the top ten.. I dodged her spear, but it took my helmet off. I ducked under a slash, and backpedalled to avoid getting my jaw busted. I stepped forward, and slammed the pommel of my blade down. She backpedalled, and drew her sword, before immediately slashing at me. I dodged, and blocked, but she kept coming. And then Luke ran past with their flag, and crossed the creek, just as I dropped a wave of water on Clarisse's head. The horn sounded, and the blue team cheered. "It was a trick," Clarisse muttered. I noticed Chase appear from nowhere, and glared at her. "You set me up," I said to her. She rose an eyebrow. "Shut up. It worked didn't it? Besides. You handled it pretty well. And I was here to help when things got out of hand," Chase said. "That may be, but I don't like being played, Chase." With a look at Clarisse, I dried the girl off, and made the ball of now cold water hit Chase in the face. She was spluttering, when a bone-chilling howl ripped through the Forest. I turned, because my back was to it, and saw a Rottweiler the size of a Chevy flying at me. An arrow hit it's skull, killing it, but it still got a hit in on me. I looked down, and touched my stomach. My hand drew back, and I looked at it. The claw pierced my armor, and clipped my insides. My hand was red with bits of pink, flayed flesh in it. "Prissy, in the water. Now," Clarisse said. I noticed Chiron and Chase watching me as I did as I was told. Right before I began to feel light headed, a light appeared over my head. "Hail, Perseus Jackson, Son of Poseidon, God of the Seas, Earthshaker, Stormbringer," Chiron said. I sighed, and looked at Clarisse, as everyone knelt to me. "Catch me..." And I passed out. I was in the white cloud-tree place again, looking at Thalia. "I'm back," I said, blinking a bit. "Yep. What's new," the punk girl said. I sighed. "I know who my dad is now. Hello, cousin. I'm the Son of Poseidon." I felt slightly awkward, because Thalia was in the top 5 prettiest girls I've ever met, and she was my cousin... Then again, Olympus seemed to be all about that. Zeus and Hera, Aphrodite and Ares and Hephaestus, and even Poseidon and Amphitrite. She was his cousin! And Aphrodite was her husband and boytoy's aunt! And let's not forget Hades and Persephone. She's his niece! Those thoughts made me feel better. Thalia laughed. "You unlucky bastard," she said, shaking her head. "Let's hope I don't become a tree, Needle-nose," I said. "Stuff it, Snowball." And then she punched my shoulder, and electrocuted me. "Unholy Motherfucker!" Strangely enough, that was my favorite swear.. Thalia laughed more, and I drenched her in water from the mist under our feet. Her laughing stopped, and she glared at me. "It's on, now, Fish-breath," she said, standing up, and sparking. I stood up, and smirked, water rising from the floor to serve me. "Bring it, Plasma-brains." And so began the fight. Which I lost. Thalia simply had more experience using her powers for battle than I did, and her spear was a deadly piece of art. I fell to the ground, twitching and exhausted. My nose bled, and my head hurt. Thalia was shivering, with icicles literally hanging from her ears. "I think it's time for me to go again, Ozone," I said, as my world slowly went black. "Come back sometime soon, Icicle." I smiled at her, and woke up. My head hurt like hell when I opened my eyes. Above me was Chase and Clarisse. They stared at me like I'd grown an extra head. "What," I asked. Clarisse answered me. "You started twitching, and your nose was bleeding," she said. I blinked. "Oh. Sometimes, when you dream, shit happens. Did I drown anybody?" Chase looked at me. "Apparently, you were trying to drown a Thalia." She was glaring at me, like I'd killed her mom. "I was. She got me first. And before you ask, the first time it happened was when I first got here, and passed out by her tree." She huffed, and left the tent, a frown on her face. "Hey, Clarisse. You wanna help me get out of this bed," I said. I had been strapped down to it, apparently. She laughed, and undid my bindings. "Whatever you say, your Fishiness." I sat up, and rubbed my wrists. "Laaaame!" I held a thumbs down in her face, and laughed. Despite the Minotaur taking my mom? I enjoyed my first week of camp. A few weeks passed, and then I got a load of bad news. Good news? I got a quest. I was going to find Zeus' Master Bolt, save my mom, and save the world. Bad news next. I had to go with Chase and Grover, and had a week to do it. Grover's my friend, and I love the guy... Completely placidly! Perverts! But he was useless unless I could turn monsters into enchiladas. As the three of us got into the camp van, and drove out of Manhattan, Grover spoke. "So far, so good. No monsters." I groaned alongside Chase. "GROVER!" We yelled. AND CUT! I hope you enjoy my rendition of it. The story'll be somewhat similar, but I'll be changing some things. Tell me how I did, yeah?