live with that. Charles, however, worked for the Capitol, fixing broken electronics they sent back to get reprogrammed or fixed. Most residents of District 3 could only start working when they became nineteen. Charles was an exception. At their school they had tests determining what part of the district's labor you could participate in and Charles had passed in all categories with perfect. Since the Capitol took a chance when they saw one, they immediately took him out of school and placed him in the system. He even got paid. Charles didn't mind since it meant he could support his family. His dad still worked, but having 4 children was difficult for anyone. But he was still reaped. His name had 34 chances of being called. "Charles Beckendorf! Put those where you found them right this moment!" Selena whispered, slapping him on the arm. Charles chuckled. "Relax, Selena!" he told his girlfriend. "We can hide them in your basement, and I'll fix them up!" "And if they catch us?" Selena actually sounded serious. "How are we gonna kiss with no tongues, huh? Beckendorf, get rid of it." This threw Charles through a loop. She never called him Beckendorf unless he had screwed up big time. And the Avox (A person who serves the Capitol and has had their tongue cut off) comment completely turned his mood. "I cant, ok? They almost caught me on the way back. You know the fence around the junkyard? Its powered." Selena didn't know how to respond to that. She didn't have to though, because the next thing they both knew, a peacekeeper was walking towards them. Selena nudged him furiously and Beckendorf had the green bag holding the broken weapons zipped up in record time. Selena tried to look casual and hugged him. "I love the outfit you got me!" she said into his ear so that the peacekeeper, who already looked confused, could hear her. "I'll take it, give it to me," she then whispered when she leant to press a kiss to his cheek. Charles did as he was told and handed his girlfriend the bag, a fake smile plastered to his face. "I'll see you later then?" he asked, unsurely. "Tomorrow. Come to my house before the reaping," She said seriously, and Charles nodded. "Will do, bye Selena," he said. "Bye Charles," she replied with a sincere smile. Charles never should've become a thief. As we all know, thieves usually get caught. Lou Ellen "Last reminder, class! Be in your finest clothes tomorrow. Girls, that means dresses and skirts. Boys, dress shirts and clean shoes for all of you. Class dismissed!" Ms. Elpis fit in right before the bell rang. Lou Ellen would be lying if she said she wasn't the first one out. She ran out of the school, it was the last day of class. The games would officially begin in a week and tomorrow was reaping day. Tomorrow was reaping day. That terrified Lou Ellen. Her name would be in there only once. But that was enough. She had turned twelve only two weeks ago and desperately hoped they didn't consider her old enough. Maybe she could lie about her age? She could be pretty convincing. Her dad had never won a single argument against her. Her little brother, Butch, did everything she wanted him to do. One day Lou Ellen had told him to never grow up. She had been ranting to her nine-year old brother about the Games. She was telling him how scared she was. She had made him pinky promise not to grow up. "Cross my heart, swear to die, and pinky promise not to grow up, Lolly!" he had said. Lou Ellen had laughed. Her brother would never say her name right. Since she wasn't paying attention, Lou Ellen accidently bumped into someone. She fell to the ground and looked for the cause of it. It was a girl with black hair and blue eyes. She wore a light pink slightly ripped pullover and denim pants that were ripped at the knees. She was so pretty that Lou Ellen didn't know what to say or how to respond, sure her mouth hang open. "Sorry! Are you ok, sweetheart? I didn't hurt you, did I?" the girl asked her. Lou Ellen seemed to realize what happened and tried to say something. "N-No, it's ok. Yeah, I'm ok." Her eyes caught on the army styled bag that the girl had. It was puke green and looked heavy. "Oh, well, ok. Nice meeting you, sorry for that, bye!" the pretty girl left just as suddenly as she came. To say Lou Ellen had a short attention span would be an understatement. As soon as the girl had left, Lou Ellen's thoughts on the reaping came back to her. She didn't want to die. She didn't want Butch to watch her die. Because your name is only in there once, you might want to relax, said the rational part of Lou Ellen's brain. When you get picked, what are you gonna do? The rest of her mind chastised her. Lou Ellen almost told herself to shut up. She continued to walk somberly until she saw her brother waving to her. "Wait up, Lolly!" Butch called out to her. When a couple kids turned to look, Lou Ellen's face heated up. "Butch! My name is Lou Ellen," she emphasized the pronunciation. "Low! L! N!" "Lollen?" Butch asked, scratching his blond shaved head. She sighed and barely hid her smile. "I give up, little brother." "I know you do, Lolly." The two siblings shared a smile. Lou Ellen really hoped she wasn't picked tomorrow. Thank you for reading. Let me know who your favorite character was this chapter and if you'd like to see more. I have the next three chapter written, so I'll update when I get feedback. Love, Vickydd PS: I apologize if there is a story of mine you would like updated, I'm working on it.