why he let his tears fall. Because Will was right of course, like he always was. Nico didn't need to hide from him. They stayed like that in each other's arms, hugging the sadness and unfairness away. Finding comfort in each other and trying to chase away Nico's bad feeling and memories. After a while Nico looked up at Will. 'I'm sorry for ruining today. I really didn't mean to start crying.' Will shook his head. 'You didn't ruin today by crying. Of course you'd cry. I cried and they're not even my memories. Besides, today's not over yet.' He took Nico's hand and pulled him with him, away from the place Nico used to called 'home' but could better be described as 'nightmare' now. And when Nico left the house behind him, he did get some kind of closure in the sense that he had relived everything and had let himself feel what he'd be suppressing for a while. Maybe the dark cloud, once rained out, would disappear and make place for the blue sky above. The sun, he thought looking at Will, had already managed to break through, though. And it looked like the dark cloud was literally about to rain out. Suddenly the air turned chilly and the wind messed up their hair. The sky turned grey and the streets were deserted. Nico looked up at the sky and felt a drop of rain fall right on his nose. 'Quick! We'll find somewhere to hide!', Will screamed against the wind that rattled the roofs and that made the water churn. They were standing on a little bridge and the drops were falling like his tears had done earlier; a few at first, but more and more the longer he stood there. He looked at Will and just shook his head. He got a confused look in return. The air around was chillier than it had been before, but still quite warm. When the rain came down at its quickest, Nico took Will's face in his hands and crashed their lips together with such force, Will stumbled backwards and had to hold himself to the bridge. Their lips parted and moved with the same ease and familiarity they had done many times before. This time was special, though. And not just because of the rain drenching them both in a matter of seconds and making the kiss different than it ever had been. It was also special because Nico put all his emotions in the kiss. He wanted to tell Will how grateful he was to have him stand by his side all the time, even when he started crying on their perfect trip to Venice. That's why he kissed Will in an upcoming storm. To make it epic and one they would never forget. But also just for the hell of it. Nico went through he hairs at the nape of Will's head and traced his jawline with his fingers. Will had made sure they were standing steadily and had pulled Nico as close to him as humanly possible. He was letting his hands travel across Nico's body as if his hands were cars that were doing a road-trip. Suddenly it was as if the sky got thrown and shattered; the thunder rolled all over them. That didn't stop them, the kiss only got more intense and it felt like they were trying to enter each other's bodies through the kiss. They were kissing with such force, if people hadn't known better, they might have thought the thunder was just the sound of their mouths, their teeth, their tongues clashing together. Nico was glad there weren't any people around. He thought they might have gone blind because of the passion they radiated. When they pulled back, Nico felt his heart beating inside his whole body, but especially his lips; they were throbbing to the rhythm of his heartbeat. Will's face was flushed, his lips redder and more swollen than they normally were. His hair was dripping and his whole body was drenched, his chest was going up and down. He looked absolutely breath-taking in Nico's eyes. There was something in his eyes that made Nico blush. Will let out a shaky breath. 'Wow, that was… intense, to say the least. Italy's doing strange things to you. Not that I'm complaining.' 'I've always wanted to kiss you in the rain.', Nico answered. Then he hid his face behind his face. 'I cannot believe I just said that.' Will's laugh echoed against the houses and harmonized beautifully with the raindrops hitting the surface of the water underneath them. 'Does anyone besides me know how much of a romantic Nico di Angelo aka The Ghost King actually is?' ' No , and I'd appreciate it if we kept it that way.' 'Don't worry, I won't tell. But now that I know, I expect some more romantic gestures instead of you pretending to hate all kinds of physical contact.' Nico rolled his eyes and pressed his lips to Will's once again, short and sweet. They were so caught up in each other, they had completely forgotten that they were standing in the pouring rain. 'Nico, can I ask you something?' Nico nodded. 'Does Venice feel like home to you?' Nico was quiet for a moment. Then he looked up to Will and shook his head. 'Not really. It get this feeling of nostalgia and childhood, but it doesn't really feel like home.' He took one of Will's hands in his own. 'No one I love or care about lives here, so… They might have better food, it still doesn't feel like home.', he finished with a smile. Will smiled back. What he wanted to say was You're home for me. But he was pretty sure Will had gotten that, anyway. A/N: Thank you for reading. This turned out longer than expected, but I hope you liked it anyway. Please let me know what you think; comments make my day! Love, Vlindervin