the God of the Underworld. 'William Solace.', Hades answered and his voice sounded so strict Will was scared he had done something wrong and the ground would swallow him right this moment and bring him to the deepest pits of Hell. 'You can relax now. I'm not going to hurt you.', he almost sounded annoyed, as if he was tired of people being nervous around him. Will supposed it came with being known as Lord of the Underworld. 'It has come to my notice that my insufferable sister has, once again, caused complications.' Will nodded. 'Contrary to what people believe, I actually care about my children. I wasn't exactly present when Nico was younger and I'd like to make it up to him now.' Will nodded again. That's all he seemed capable of doing. 'So, I have brought some things he seems to be in need of.' A black bundle of clothes suddenly appeared in Hades' arms. He handed them to Will who was slightly trembling and almost dropped them. At least now he knew where Nico got his dark fashion sense from. Then what seemed like a credit card appeared on top of the clothes. 'If you need anything else, this card has some money on it. I don't know how mortal money works, so there's around eight thousand of whatever it is you pay with on it. I hope it is enough.' Will almost dropped the clothes again when he heard the amount of money on the card. Eight thousand dollars? Did he really mean eight thousand dollars? 'Well, that's all. Take care of my son, William Solace.' Will wasn't sure if it sounded like a threat or if it sounded concerned. Maybe a little bit of both. 'I will.' And with that Hades disappeared. The curse stayed on Nico for six more days. The week went faster than expected. Nico wasn't a very difficult child, all he wanted was some attention, which was normal;, all kids did, Will knew that. So that's what he gave Nico: attention. And with the help of his friends who were more than happy to lend a hand, it went smoothly. Hazel even came down from Camp Jupiter when she learned what happened. So, Will played with Nico, occasionally checking on the infirmary and leaving Nico with someone else. And although, he loved taking care of the little boy, it was also tiring and he usually went to bed way earlier than he normally did. Taking care of a child was exhausting. Nico quickly learned that he could get anything he wanted from anyone he wanted around camp. All he had to do was look up at whoever it was with wide eyes and say please and they would give in. He was just too damn adorable. Sometimes Will told Nico he had eaten enough cookies for the day and Nico would look at him sweetly and he would give in with an exasperated sigh. And if it wasn't cookies, he asked for other things. Like, being carried. It quickly became apparent Nico hated walking and preferred being carried and when Will put him down because his arms started hurting, Nico would say please and cling to him like a little monkey and Will wouldn't be able to say no to him. It wasn't something new, though. Will had never been able to say no to his boyfriend, even in his normal state. He'd gotten better at resisting, but it had taken a lot of practice and now, just like that, he had to start all over again. And although Will actually liked taking care of Little Nico, after a few days he started missing Normal Nico. He loved Little Nico's pure laugh, but he also loved Normal Nico's laugh a lot. In fact, he considered it one of his favorite sounds in the world. He missed Nico's death glared directed to him or one of their friends. He missed his sarcastic comments that really shouldn't be that funny. He missed wrapping him in his arms and protecting him from the world, even if he got to do that now too, it wasn't the same. He missed resting his chin on top of Nico's head and Nico acting annoyed by his small height but still relaxing against him. He missed how easily Nico blushed at the smallest of things; when Will took his hand in public, when Will kissed him on the cheek, when Will told him he looked good or cute or adorable. He missed the way Nico could make anyone shut up by making one small comment. And he missed kissing him. Gods, he missed kissing him. So, so much. He wasn't necessarily thinking of their more heated, passionate kisses, although he missed those too. No, he was thinking of the casual kisses he loved so much. The quick pecks when they saw each other in the morning, or when they went to bed. So, it was a relief when he woke up the seventh day and Normal Nico was sleeping in the bed next to him. He let out a sigh of relief and the first thing he did was pressing his lips against Nico's and waking him up in the process. Nico's eyes snapped open and he quickly pushed Will off him when he realized they were in the Apollo Cabin. 'Gods, I'm so happy you're back to normal!', Will exclaimed and pulled Nico into a hug. 'Back to normal? Will, what do you mean? Why are we here? 'You don't remember the last week?' 'What am I supposed to remember?' Will told him everything and Nico got redder and redder interjecting things like 'Did I actually do that?' and 'Oh, Gods!' and 'My dad?!'. And Little Nico may have been fun for a little while, nothing was better than his Nico talking to him normally again, Will thought. A/N: I'm not exactly proud of this ending, so sorry 'bout that! But thank you for reading! Love, Jasmine