white air come from his mouth, mesmerized. It's been such a long time since he actually got to experience the freezing of winter that chills you to the bones and takes your breath away, but warms your insides at the same time. He'd been trapped in the casino for a long time, without coming in contact with the outside world. And in Camp Half-Blood, the only weather that gets in is the pleasant heat of summer. Next to him, Will is shivering violently. He's wearing far more than Nico is, but as the son of the sun god cold is not something he likes much. The thick gloves Nico had mercilessly teased him about aren't enough apparently; his hands are squished between his thighs and the bench. Nico looks at his stuffed boots and remembers how much Will had complained about them. I miss my flip-flops! While Nico had just rolled his eyes. He smirks. 'What's so funny?' He turns his head to look at Will. 'Nothing. You okay?' 'Yeah, why?' 'You hate the cold. And yet, here we are.' He gestures to their surroundings and huffs up some white air to make a point. 'I was just thinking of something my mom said.' 'Oh?' It's not an answer to his question, but he still inclines him to continue with a tilt of his head. Will bites his lip, something Nico forbids himself to dwell on considering the He doesn't love me thuds of his heart still beating in his chest. 'Yeah. And I wanted to talk to you in private.' That's not what Nico expected to hear, but he's quiet in a silent invitation to talk then. 'I don't really know how to say this. Remember what Marc said? About us being together and stuff?' Nico nods and rolls his eyes a little to hide the pain the memory causes. This is probably the moment Will confirms what Nico already knows. Nico probably wasn't as subtle about his feelings as he thought and Will noticed. He's going to tell him that it won't ever happen, that he should stop hoping. He has no obligation to do that, Nico already knows anyway, but Will is a nice person and of course he would. He's about to say don't bother, I know. You only want to be friends, I get it when Will says: 'I wouldn't mind if it actually happened. Nico's head snaps up from his shoes he was inspecting just a mere seconds ago. 'What?' He can't possibly have heard that right, can he? 'I wouldn't mind being together and cute and all that. No, scratch that, I would really love it.' He smiles bashfully. His expression turns serious again. 'But if you don't want that, I'm okay with just being friends too. I don't want to lose you because of this. I'll never mention it again if you tell me you don't want the same thing.' Nico can't believe what he's hearing. Will does feel the same way, he does want the same thing. The overwhelming surprise and sheer happiness of it all stops him from being able to utter a reply. 'Nico?' But he forces himself to do anyway when he sees Will's beautiful blue eyes concerned like that. 'I – I would like that too. I would like that very much, actually.' At that, Will's eyes light up and seem to melt all the ice around them with the warmth of his smile. 'Really?' 'Yes', Nico nods furiously, not able to suppress a grin of his own. 'Can I kiss you then?', Will asks hesitantly. He bites his lip again and this time, Nico is able it appreciate how hot that is with the He does love me thuds taking over and transferring happiness all over his body. Nico has never kissed anyone; he knows Will probably has. But he also knows that Will would never laugh at him or mock him if he did something wrong. He also knows there is no one on this earth he would rather have his first kiss with. So, he nods and Will leans forward, Nico meeting him in the middle, capturing his lips. Both their lips are cold, but they soon warm up. Will rests his gloved hand softly on Nico's cheek. Nico's hands go up to Will's neck mechanically, on instinct, like kissing Will is something he's been doing forever. When their lips touch, a spark erupts and he feels it all over his body. It's not exactly how he imagined it would be, but it feels better somehow. Will gently coaxes their mouths to open and Nico forgets it's winter because he's burning. They have to pull back eventually, for air and for any semblance that this is not a dream. When they do, there's an amazed smile on both their faces. Nico can't believe this is his life. 'You're my Christmas miracle', whispers Will. Nico rolls his eyes, but can't help the surprised snicker. 'Oh my gods, you're ridiculous. I can't believe my boyfriend is the actual biggest dork on the planet.' They both smile even brighter at the word boyfriend . When they step back into the house a little while later, holding hands and red-cheeked from the cold and other things, everyone turns to look at them. Will points a finger at Marc. 'Not a word.' The boy in questions holds up his hands. 'I didn't say anything. You might want to look up, though.' Will honestly shouldn't even be surprised by the mistletoe hanging above the doorway. It wasn't there before, he doesn't think, which means someone must have hung it while they were out. He's not sure he should react to it, but it seems Nico has made a decision. He gives Will a quick peck on the cheek. They can't blame the cold for their red cheeks this time. A/N: Merry Christmas! Hope you liked it. Title's from 'All I want for Christmas is you', by Mariah Carey. Love, Jasmine