pleasure, he burns. His vison turns red, red, red, leaving only Annabeth. His love for Annabeth, his happiness. He's burning. Percy is standing on Mount Olympus in front of the gods. He's shaking with anger, burning with anger. He's surrounded by a spiral of water, the water turning at such a speed the throne room is filled with an incredibly strong wind. He's holding Riptide in his hand and he looks ready to attack. The gods are looking down on him from their throne. Zeus, Hera and Athena with distaste, Poseidon worried. To be honest, Poseidon is probably the only reason Zeus hasn't killed Percy for invading their home yet. 'How could you?', he screams, loud enough to be heard over the water churning and the wind blowing. 'How could you just let her die?' He doesn't say who he's talking about, but they all know. Annabeth is the only person that could unclench so much sadness and anger inside of Percy. He didn't become a god for her, after all. 'Why?', he roars, his voice breaking in a sob. A stream of water hits one of the statues. It shatters in a million pieces on the ground. Zeus stands up. 'That's enough, son of Poseidon!' Behind him his throne breaks too. He's fuming, but Percy doesn't care. 'Percy, please. Calm down before someone gets killed.', Poseidon tries to reason. They all know he meant to say before you get killed. 'Just like Annabeth got killed?' Percy turns to Athena. 'She was your daughter! Why didn't you save her?' 'It's not the place of the gods to decide the fate of people. The fates have decided she had to die, then she dies.' 'That didn't stop you before!' Tears are streaming down his face, his voice is breaking, he has never looked more dangerous and powerful. The gods know love is the strongest emotion of all. They know grief can drive people insane. 'How dare you talk to me like that?' Another jet of water shatters a pillar. 'I will not hesitate to kill you if you don't seize your attack this moment. ' Percy thinks he's going crazy. Even crazier than he already was. You drool when you sleep. Annabeth is everywhere in his mind. He has no control over his powers. This time for real. He can't believe the gods haven't killed him yet. He knows it won't be long if he doesn't stop what he's doing. ' Don't I get a kiss for good luck? It's kind of a tradition, right?' 'Come back alive, Seaweed Brain. Then we'll see.' He won't stay alive much longer. He doesn't care. He can't understand what the gods are saying and threatening. He thinks he can faintly hear his father pleading him to stop and Aphrodite shrieking that love, yes love, is more powerful than anything. But he's not sure, all he hears is Annabeth in his head. ' We're staying together. You're not getting away from me. Never again.' 'As long as we're together.' But they're not together anymore. She did get away from him. He broke his promise to never let her go. They need to be together again. There's only one way. ' You promised, Seaweed Brain. We would never get separated! Ever again!' He has to keep his promise, that's all that matters. That Annabeth and he are together. That's all that has ever mattered. He's nothing without her. Not in this world, this world without importance without her in it. ' You're cute when you're worried. Your eyebrows get all scrunched together.' He's not worried. He's miserable and he knows she wouldn't think he's cute now. Not screaming: 'Kill me then. Just kill me and get it over with!', but the gods don't listen. He wonders if Poseidon is trying to protect him. He wishes he wouldn't. he knows what he wants and this is not it. ' I once warned you, Percy Jackson, that to save a friend you would destroy the world.' This time it's not Annabeth's voice in his head, but her mother's. It's true, he thinks. To save Annabeth, he would destroy the world. He can't bring her back, though. He can only join her. 'Just kill me. Please.' The throne room is ruined. In the end it's Apollo that grants Percy's wish. Having endured loss himself, he knows how hard it is to live on when a loved one is gone and he knows it would be cruel to ignore Percy's pleas and keep him alive when he so clearly doesn't want to be. Elysium shines brightly and white when Percy arrives. Annabeth is already waiting for him. She, too, is shining and her blonde hair is golden, her grey eyes as alive as they were before. She walks towards him. 'I can't believe you did this to yourself.', she scowls, the first thing she says to him. Of course that would be it. He was a fool to expect some melodramatic reuniting, with angels singing in the background while she kisses him. It's Annabeth. He should've known better than expecting her to make things easy for him and giving him exactly what he wants. Even in heaven. He shrugs and answers: 'It was too hard without you.' She shakes her head. 'But you weren't alone. You had our friends.' 'You were my best friend, though. Can I kiss you?' She lets him pull her closer, but doesn't let him kiss her. 'You idiot!', but there's a smile dangling on her lips. 'I can't believe you're going to make me fight for a kiss, even in Elysium.' She smiles. 'You know I'm never, ever going to make things easy for you, Seaweed Brain. I told you to get used to it, didn't I?' She moves closer to him and when their lips are about to touch she whispers: 'I missed you, Seaweed Brain.' 'Not as much as I did.', he answers 'Clearly.' She presses their lips together. And he's happy again.