a wail of distress in the most professional voice his poor, frustrated heart could manage. The recipient of that statement smiled thinly from his spot on the hospital bed, dark hair falling limply in a wan face. Will saw a lot of sick-looking people in the hospital, and had managed to maintain the appropriate level of emotional distance between himself and them. He was a naturally compassionate person after all, and becoming too connected with a patient could yield traumatic results if…things went wrong. He still couldn't help the pang in his chest at the sight of the gaunt cheeks and ghostly skin of the man in the bed. "In my defense," the man said, shrugging a frail shoulder, "I'm not doing anything to you. I'm the one in the hospital bed." Will gave him his best unimpressed look. Dark brown eyes blinked back at him. "You're not funny." Will scowled as he picked the report back up again and scanned it for irregularities. The guy shrugged again, and frowned as the movement tugged on the cords of the IV strings attached to the inside of his elbow. "I never said I was." "Twenty days without eating. That's what the report says. You went twenty days without eating. Humans need to eat, Nico." "Okay, but that's two days less than last time, so I get credit for that, right?" Will gaped at Nico, who was staring at him with a straight face. The worst part was, he couldn't tell if he was being serious. Nico Di'Angelo had a dry sense of humour, as Will had learned in the frequent visits Nico had made to the hospital in the last seven months, emergencies and check ups included. Will ended up spluttering indignantly. "You've got to be trying to give me a heart attack. That's the only plausible explanation." "It'd be kind of problematic to try to kill off my doctor, don't you think?" "So you're trying to kill yourself off?" Nico coughed weakly, lifting a hand to cover his mouth. Will fought the urge to rub his arm soothingly. The last thing he needed was to get sued for sexual harassment. "It's more like I forget that could happen." Will exhaled slowly. "How can you forget your own mortality?" Nico lifted a corner of his mouth, eyes drifting shut as he tried to keep them open. "Very carefully?" Will muttered a curse under his breath and Nico coughed out a laugh. Will noticed his struggling to keep his eyes from shutting and he shook his head. "I'll let you sleep, but when you're awake I'm coming back and we will have words. Hospitals suck, and I only work in one. I don't know why you keep spending your time in here." Nico was already half asleep as he mumbled, "It helps when your doctor is hot." Will dropped his clipboard. Will didn't bring that conversation, and Nico didn't remember it. He recovered quickly enough, and after a long talk about safety, Will managed to get a half-hearted promise to for the gods' sake, please be careful, Nico. Sure enough, it was a full two months before Nico came back. Will told himself that it was a good thing for multiple reasons, mainly that it meant he was probably keeping himself alive and also because he didn't think his heart could take it. He ignored the empty feeling in his chest. The day he shoved through the door to find a pale, shaking Nico in the hospital bed, he had never felt so conflicted. The speleologist looked so sickly that immediately Will went into an internal panic, but part of him felt a wave of relief that he was here. "Before you say anything," Nico mumbled. "I was rescuing my dog. I've at least been trying to avoid giving you a heart attack." Will breathed out a laugh. "Gods, Nico." "Hypothermia is not the worst that could've happened, I think." He offered Will a small smile. Will noticed his lips were blue. He ran a hand down his face. "Is the dog okay, at least?" Nico waved the question off. "She's fine. Apparently, fur helps keep you warm more than a soaking wet coat. Percy and Annabeth took her to the vet and she's with them. They'll probably be in here later. To lecture me, most likely." "Well—" Will began, but Nico cut him off. "Don't you do it too," he scowled. Will was going to argue but instead he said, numbly, "Your lips are blue." Nico flushed. "Yeah, it's—I'm still kind of cold. But I'm okay. They gave me hot chocolate and stuff." "Good." Will looked at the floor, feeling for the first time like an awkward resident rather than an experienced doctor. He should probably go, but… "Will." Will looked up, locking eyes with Nico who was biting his lip, his cheeks pink. "I don't—maybe I misread things, but— I mean— Jason and Percy, and Annabeth all said— and I kind of thought— maybe—" He inhaled sharply. "Okay. Do you maybe, want to get coffee sometime?" And there it was. Will blinked. The room was silent as Nico awaited his response. After a few moments passed, Nico's expression darkened. "If you don't—" "I'm transferring you to another doctor." Will blurted. Nico slammed his mouth shut, a look of hurt splashing across his face. Will quickly cut him off before he could say anything, stepping close and holding up a hand to stop him. "No—wait, listen! I'm transferring you to another doctor because doctors can't date their patients!" Nico froze. "Date?" Will blushed. "That's what you wanted right? Or, wait, sorry, am I assuming? I just—I'd love to get coffee, if that's what you want, it doesn't have to mean anything—" Will was interrupted by Nico laughing, deeper and happier than he'd ever heard before. He paused midsentence, flushing. "Will," Nico grinned, reaching up to take his hand and squeezing it. "Go transfer me to another doctor. We have a date."