those cookies." Paul chuckled and lead the way to the car, his same old blue Prius, which was parked of a ways in a small, no pay lot. "You're gonna have to squeeze a bit," Paul warned smirking at his stepson. Percy, Annabeth, Frank and Hazel all squeezed in the back row while Piper and Jason opted for the trunk. Leo had the address the the Jackson's apartment and would come along later. The conversation in the car was simple, Percy's mom went around, skipping over Annabeth and Percy since she already knew them so well, asking who their parents were, their age, their powers, favorite colors, how long they had been in the godly world and about their previous quests. Paul listened intently and took mental notes on more figures from Greek mythology he needed to learn. As they pulled up in the designated parking spot, Frank, with the help of Percy and Hazel started explaining their quest in Alaska to the mortal parents. "Keys, where are the keys," Percy cried. Paul tossed him the keys and watched the teenagers race up the stairs to the apartment. "Cookies are on the counter, Perce," Sally called after them laughing. As the male teenagers hurled cookies into their mouths at an unbelievable rate, Sally pulled out an extra platter of cookies from a cabinet and gave it to the girls and Paul and with a smile said, "One batch is never enough." After a cookie Annabeth excused herself to change her shirt and Piper took a quick peek in the bathroom to clean her face off. Hazel stayed at the coach and made small talk with Percy's parents while keeping a wary eye on the flat screen TV and various electronics around the room, almost as if she were afraid they might come to life and attack her. Sally leaned over and whispered, "As his mother I have every right to make Parcy feel uncomfortable, starting with this picture." It was an absolutely adorable baby picture of Percy in with the young boy was sitting at the edge of the water, small waves surrounding him. In a blue, Nemo diaper, which his mom added was the only type he would wear, Percy had his signature smile while splashing water with his chubby little fingers. His hair was caked in wet sand and fashioned into a mohawk. Hazel burst out laughing. "Come on Mom, do we have to do this now," Percy groaned while the rest of the demigods crowded over Hazel's shoulder to look at the picture. Laughter spread through them like a wild fire and died out leaving behind large smiles. "This may be incredibly stupid or out of place, but I don't have much experience with quests…," Paul paused, "Did anything interesting happen that wasn't totally life threatening?" The laughter broke out again and the demigods dove into ridiculous stories of giant, man eating turtles, Percy's half-brother who had a tribe of dolphins, (Life goal right there guys) shrimpzillas, another underwater fish camp (during this tale Percy made the extra point to mention that the didn't want to meet him), and scooters in Rome. It was about there when Annabeth cut in, "That's when the life threatening situations kicked in. There and Tar.. tar..tartarus." Percy pulled Annabeth closer to him and avoided eye contact with his parents. It was going to take awhile for them to be able to share those stories. That's when, in the awkward silence Frank started coughing. One hand went to his throat and the other pointed shakily towards the window visible through the open door to Percy's bedroom. Almost instantaneously Percy drew his sword and ran towards the window. The other four demigods followed him in formation, weapons drawn and ready to attack. Frank was still coughing on the couch now vigorously shaking his head. From his angle you could see a small elfish boy with his hair on fire on the fire escape. "Gods you scared us," Percy scolded, "You couldn't use the door like any normal person right." Leo responded, "Normals lame dude, and hey is that from…" His finger pointed toward the moonlace flourishing over the railing. "You know the island." Percy gave a short nod and asked, "Are you done? With the ship I mean. The oars. Are they all fixed? Can we go to camp now?" "Ready when you are." "Okay, then. We better get going if we want make it there before nightfall." Percy turned around to face his parents, "I'll be home soon. I promise." Sally nodded and embraced all the demigods including Leo, who was a little startled because he had just met this woman, his hair was on fire, and he was covered in oil grease yet she didn't seem care. She reminded Leo of his own mom. Sally bit her lip and looked up, "Be safe. Good luck. You're all welcome back anytime. And Percy, please, don't do anything stupid. Annabeth promise you'll keep an eye on him." After Annabeth promised, the seven demigods, one by one climbed down the fire escape gave a quick wave back to the Blofis-Jackson couple and headed back to their ship. As they gathered at the helm long faces into the sunset dreaming of their homes and families the silence was broken by "We're almost done guys," Percy encouraged them, "We can't give up now. We are so close to home." Authors Note: OMG GUYS! HI! It's been forever since I last published anything but I haven't stopped writing and I'm gonna start posting again more now that it's summer and I have nothing to do. Please check out my other Percy Jackson fanfics. Please leave a review because that's what kept me writing my freshman year :'D Favorite and Follow! Oh and sorry this kinda sucks towards the end, I wrote the first part a long time ago and just found it and felt the need to finish it really quickly which is why it sucks. ~WaterMimi23