"We're going on a picnic." Nico quirked an eyebrow at him, "It's eleven at night, Sunshine, where are we going to go where the Harpies won't eat us?" Will just winked at him and grabbed him by the hand, pulling him outside into the night. "I pulled a few strings," Will said mysteriously. Suddenly, two strong arms encircled Nico's waist, lifting him up into the air. "Jason," Nico said testily, "What in Hades name do you think you're doing?" "Being a good wingman," Jason replied and then laughed at his own joke. He set Nico down on top of the Big House and then turned back to go retrieve Will. Jason returned, setting Will down on top of the house along with a picnic basket. "Piper and Annabeth packed it," he said and then with a big thumbs up, he left the two boys alone. Nico's face was burning, and he could barely meet Will's expectant gaze. "Is-is it too much?" Will asked, suddenly worried. His hands fluttered helplessly around Nico, afraid he had pushed the son of Hades too far. Nico looked up at Will with a small smile on his face. "No, it's great, really. It's just...people don't really do this kind of thing for me." Will harrumphed. "Well obviously people do, because you're sitting here right now, aren't you, Death Boy?" Will had a point. Nico sighed, but decided that since he was stuck on the roof, he might as well enjoy the picnic. Will began pulling out sodas, sandwiches, and chips from the basket. It wasn't McDonald's, but Nico figured he'd had enough fast food to last him a lifetime. It was exactly 12:37 am when Will kissed Nico. He hadn't planned that, hadn't intended to kiss him, but one thing led to another and suddenly there he was, hands tangled in Nico's long, dark hair and his lips pressed perfectly against Nico's. They were warm and soft and tasted of the strawberry jam from their sandwiches. Will wasn't complaining. When he had first leaned in to take the plunge, he could have sworn he had heard a quiet whoop and then a hasty shushing from behind him, but all thoughts of anything but Nico flew from his mind as soon as their lips met. It was almost two am when they finally crawled back down from the roof. Careful to steer clear of the harpies, Will kissed Nico goodbye in front of the Hades cabin and then practically skipped back to the Apollo cabin where all of his siblings were anxiously waiting to hear how the date had gone. A lot can rush through a person's mind as they're hurtling several hundred miles per hour towards a flaming dragon and earth goddess. Several of those thoughts consisted of things like, "Oh shit" and "Fucking hell" and "My teddy bears did not show me this." But mostly Octavian just felt regret. Regret for the things that he had done. For the things that he hadn't done. It's amazing how being attached to a hurtling ball of flaming imperial gold can put life into perspective. And then he had died. It had hurt, a lot. But, he figured he deserved it. Besides, if he wasn't sentenced to the fields of punishment, perhaps he could try for a second chance at life, try to fix some of his wrongdoings. That is, of course, if those two infernal Pluto children didn't intervene in his underworld trial. Flying into Camp Half-Blood on a giant golden dragon with a beautiful girl had always been a dream of Leo's, but the way Piper burst immediately into tears and Jason looked like he had seen a ghost more heart wrenching than his own mom made Leo's heart shatter into a million pieces. He was an asshole. He always knew that, to some extent. But he liked to think that he had been the loveable token asshole that every group of friends needed. Now he just felt like a dick. Festus landed next to the pavilion and Calypso whispered in his ear that she would give him a moment. Dimly, he saw her make an angry beeline towards Percy, who looked panic-stricken. But then Piper and Jason were in front of him and all he wanted to do was run. "Is-is it really you?" Piper sniffled, reaching out hesitantly towards him. "Of course," Leo replied, taking her hand, "You didn't think even death could stop me from annoying you guys, did you?" Piper laughed through her tears, squeezing his hand tight, scared he would disappear any second. Jason did not even say anything, he just gathered Leo up in a crushing hug, conveying everything he couldn't say into that one action. It was Piper who finally broke up the hug. Leo swore he wasn't crying, he just had something in his eye. "Is that Calypso?" Piper asked, motioning at the newly freed titan, who was currently standing with her hands on her hips scolding Percy. Annabeth was standing next to the pair, an amused smirk playing across her lips. "Yeah," Leo laughed, rubbing that back of his neck, "She's kind of a spitfire." "Good," Piper said, "You need someone who can keep you in line." Jason looked at Leo quizzically. "So, are you guys like, dating?" "I don't really know," Leo replied, "We're taking it slow. She wants to see the world, 'cause she's been trapped for so long. So, we're going to start with that." Dionysus was standing next to Chiron, glaring grumply at the golden dragon parked in the middle of his pavilion. He took a sip of his Diet Coke. "I'm serious about enforcing the no couples in cabins policy," he grumbled, "That goes for all couples." He looked over at Nico, who was ignoring normal etiquette and sitting next to Will Solace at the Apollo table, giving anybody who looked at them weird a death glare worthy of Hades himself. Things had finally returned to normal. And Dionysus hated it.