the Fox to attack. "Defeated by a dog," I murmur to myself dumbstruck, watching the small dog eye the fox then gracefully jump out of Amelia's hands and chase after the giant fox, running as fast as a comet over the border and into the woods. My jaw is wide open. I have seen a lot of freaky stuff being a demigod but this definitely took the cake. "Amelia?" I called out baffled, not even recognizing my own voice. Good gods I sounded terrible at the moment. "I heard dog and thought this might work." she replies softly, though this time her voice did not raise. It is strong. I am still dumbstuck, my eyes wide and I seemed to be shaking my head back and forth. Too shocked to say anything "Damn right it did." Kai states, his face breaking out into a smile. "We just got showed up by a f-ing shih tzu." And suddenly this fact became the funniest thing in the world. . . . "In light of recent events I would like to introduce our newest member of the Legion; Amelia Calagero!" the centurion of the first cohort shouts, met with a round of cheers and a chorus of a "To Amelia!" toasts. I giggle, a bit tipsy from the celebratory alcohol, throwing my arm around Amelia who smiles and blushes from all the sets of eyes on her. "I still don't understand where you found a bloody dog, mate," I nudge her with my arm after I finish cheering with the rest of the crowd. This is always what happens when a new demigod joins the Legion, a party celebrated by the people who practically invented wine. (I'm just guessing here but I mean it sounds like something we would do. Or would have done? ). "A girl from my cohort had been secretly hiding it from everyone," Amelia confides with a knowing smile. "She was stuffing the poor thing in her trunk when everyone was in the barraks, and when I frantically went back to Camp try to find something to help; it was just sitting there waiting for me!" she exclaims. "Oh gods I hope she doesn't hear about this." Amelia makes a goofy face which would have looked very ugly on most people but somehow she manages to pull it off. I just laugh. "She's bound to hear about it now, Mel." And we giggle due to circumstance and the alcohol as well as her new nickname. Lots of giggling. I spot Kai and share a knowing grin as flocks of girls surround him ask about the ordeal. I shake my head at him and signal him to go back to whatever he is doing and he smiles my way and continues to talk. My eyes also wander over to Galba who is chatting with a certain son of Apollo who is checking his bandages, despite the fact Galba is a son of Aesculapius. Galbs looks like he is retelling his version of the story to the boy and I can't help but smile at everything at the moment. But then I'm pulled back into the present with my rather wander-some mind. "Hey, you never did tell me who your mum is," Amelia blinks and casts her eyes down at the ground, which is strewn with patches of flowers and red plastic cups. "It's cool, Mel, you don't have to say if you don't want." I tell her, though I'm a bit worried. I am kinda tempted just to peek at her new tattoo. However she just shakes her head, her midnight black hair falling in waves with the movement that would make shampoo commercials jealous. When she looks up, her eyes are just barely wet, making her already blue irises way bluer. Gods dang I don't look nearly as good as her when I cry. "It's really hard, you know, being told there are monsters out there that want you dead and that the books you read in school are real? I just- I'm just not half-god, I can't be." To place a hand on her shoulder and be nice, friendly Kaia or to laugh it off and tell her she is being stupid, that is the question dear Brutus. Gods, this is so freakin' awkward. Give me another fox. Drunk Kaia and regular Kaia alike are not good with emotions and stuff. "Erm, yeah, I thought the same thing but then like I came here and it's just home. I mean, I've never been kinda special, but if you're here you're meant to be. The monsters, well, they'll probably be after you but everyone watches out for everyone else, always, and with quick thinking like you did today, I think it'll all work out." I pause, hoping this is sounding alright. "An ancient goddess loved your father enough to have you." I say referring to Venus once more. "It's crazy, it really is, if I tried to go on the news or whatever and tell the world I'd be locked up in some ward somewhere. But it's real." Amelia sits quietly and I think I can see a bit of sadness in her wide beautiful eyes. "Adonis," She says finally. "Adonis is my dad. That's why... Why I look like this. Why people fall all over me, lie and cheat and steal and go to Hel—Pluto." Deep breaths, from both of us. There's something more to her it. A lot more. And once more I have misjudged someone. "Thanks, Kaia." she tells me and squeezes my hand once before walking back to her barrack. I open and close my mouth like a looking like the Fox when it faced the dog. Adonis. Woah, I got it wrong. "Anytime, Mel?" Now I'm the one with the questions, my voice rising at the end. Sober with the heaviness of the world. {}{}{}{} Author's Note: If you like this story please let me know by faving or commenting! Critiques are welcome :)