me?" Annabeth croaked as she lifted her arm to her face and examined the bold lettering "Z45QT?" "ZQT?" Piper asked "That'd be an abnormally enhanced mental ability, right?" Jason nodded "There are a few like you." She reassured Annabeth before turning to Jason "Are there anymore 45s?" "One." he said "Or at least as far as I know. Malcom." he lightly poked the boy sitting on the table behind him, making him yelp in surprise before turning. "Jason, what was that for?" "We've got another Z45QT." "Oh, really? That's cool. She's tiny though - how old is she?" "Don't know." piper told him "Ask her yourself; her name is Annabeth" "Hi Annabeth." She waved back nervously "How old are you?" Piper and Leo both snickered at how strange he sounded speaking in such a way. "Twelve." Every face grew a little darker - after the rumoured Quarantine kid the youngest ever admitted, the youngest that had ever been allowed, was fifteen: Hazel's age. No one said a thing. "Why did I not know any of this?" Annabeth asked at last, she was having trouble believing any of what she said and was still incredibly uneasy. "Oh that." Thalia said "Frank mentioned that they think we may be dangerous, right? Well… he can tell you the rest then." "You're so helpful." Jason told her as Frank sighed. "Well," The baby-faced teenager began "I'm not entirely sure - everything we know is down to what the ZQTs can figure out - but we think it's because they fear resistance. We are more powerful than them by default. If they leave us be or allow people to know about us they're afraid we will be assets in a rebellion against them." "Them?" "The government. Say, did you see the name of this place when you came in?" She shook her head, her curls, damp with sweat, bounced over her shoulders. "Huh, they've got more violent as well then? Hazel's been here for about six months, I've been here about a year, yet everything you've told me is worse than what she did. Anyway, it is 'The Elysium childhood institute'. You know what Elysium is?" "It's from mythology, right? I suppose you could call it the equivalent of heaven." Frank made a noise of agreement before he shook his head "This place isn't like heaven at all. Then again, it's not much of what it says at all - someone a while ago claimed to have heard about this place before they came here - it advertises itself as a hospital for physically and mentally ill children who are either dangerous to themselves and or others or whose parents just cannot cope with the extra care needed at the time, apparently. It's meant to be a temporary thing; it never is." "And the brands?"she carefully ghosted a finger over her own, the skin uneven, surrounded in red, irritated and tender to the touch. She grit her teeth and recoiled. Jason looked at her "They're us." He said simply "Instead of names, they give us numbers - easier to remember and it makes us easier to keep track of. I'm not Jason Grace anymore," he mumbled the last part "I'm 364." "Why don't our parents say anything?" A chill ran down her spine as she anticipated the answer she was convinced she would not like. "They can't. There's another rumour about the Quarantine Kid - his mother refused to keep her mouth shut, she cried and screamed and yelled and threatened to tell when he was taken. She wouldn't let go. They killed the poor woman - they killed her for not letting a group of violent officials drag her child away from her, never to be seen again." frank said, shivering "You know what makes it even worse? The Quarantine kid? He was four at the time. Worse still? She was killed as this kid - this toddler - was held in her arms, crying and not knowing what was going on as he was carted away by these officials carrying the same guns they had shot through his mother with." "His mother?" She asked quietly "Was she his only parent?" "So the story says." "But why would they do that - go straight to lethal weaponry when there were so many alternatives?" "I don't know - sadism, or their twisted, prejudiced views that make us subhuman and demonised?" "But where did this even come from?" He didn't respond anymore, just shook his head before placing it on his arms, crossed together over the table. Hazel looked at him "You know you can't sleep - they'll kill you if you mess up their experiments." "What?" Annabeth asked her. "They're doing experiments," she said, her voice lowering in a way Annabeth could not possibly perceive as characteristic of her "all the time." she ran a hand through her thick, curly cinnamon hair, not bothering to push it back when it fell forwards to cover half her face "Everything we do is part of their experiment - the way we act, the things we tell you, the things we do every single boring day." She sighed "If he is real and still alive, I feel sorry for the Quarantine kid. Six months here and I'm not sure I'll last another - eight years here in high security, no contact with any kids his own age, never knowing any different. We don't know all that much, but we do know this place is wrong." Leo and Malcolm were talking, Malcolm contributing more sighs than words to the communication. Annabeth couldn't hear them. It felt like there was blood rushing through her ears like a river. She couldn't hear anything. Something had struck her - this was real and she was living in a kind of Hell. And her Hell was nothing compared to his. She had an odd feeling in her stomach, she couldn't help but think he was real; she wasn't sure why, but she knew.