deserted, which was strange considering it was the last day of the academic year. She herself had finished the semester just a few days ago, which was why she was currently looking for Percy in the middle of his very empty school building. Annabeth paused in the middle of the corridors, considering whether she should just cut her losses and wait for Percy back at his apartment. She checked her watch and saw the numbers glaring up at her, as if to say, Duh, Annabeth. They're all at lunch. Smacking her forehead in realisation, Annabeth hefted her bag back onto her shoulder and turned swiftly on her heel. She really should have accepted when the school's secretary offered some help, but she was way too proud to do that. Instead, she had spent the last half an hour peeking into various classrooms and picking the locks off different lockers in the hopes of finding her boyfriend. She followed the map to the cafeteria, and as she approached, headed towards the familiar scent of school lunches (badly made sandwiches and fries, to be exact). Annabeth took a deep breath before entering the lunch hall – it wasn't every day that she was faced with the threat of a new high school, after all. The room was large, yet cramped: every inch of it seemed to be covered in excitable students who wore copious amounts of face paint and glitter, in honour of the end of school. Annabeth scanned the crowds for the older looking kids quickly, until her eyes fell upon a large group of rowdy students that must have been seniors, considering how half of them were practically crying over the prospect of finishing school and the other half were celebrating. She made her way around tables and stray food on the floor, and it was then that she spotted him, sitting near the end of the table with a few of his classmates. Percy was gorging himself on a very large hamburger, and he must have sensed she was there, because just at that moment, he looked up, and proceeded to choke on his food. Annabeth allowed herself a faint grin as Percy's friend pounded his back whilst her boyfriend's expression turned from surprise to confusion to excitement. His bright green eyes widened comically as she circled his table, and promptly hugged him around the neck. "Hey," she said into his ear, "I missed you." Percy swallowed his food and turned to hug her. "What are you doing here? I thought your flight was tomorrow?" She smiled, ignoring the slight lump that rose in her throat at the sensation of being with him. Annabeth hadn't seen Percy in three weeks on account of the ridiculous number of exams she'd had to do for her college applications, and she never wanted to be apart from him for so long again. "I might have lied…I wanted to surprise you." He kissed her briefly; she wrinkled her nose at the smell of burger on his breath but returned the gesture all the same, "You definitely did." She was about to tell him how helpful his mom had been in getting Annabeth's plan to work when the boy sitting next to Percy poked him in the side, "Um, sorry to interrupt, but –" "Oh, sorry!" Percy said, glancing at his friend, "Tony, this is Annabeth. Annabeth, Tony. We're on the swim team together." Annabeth gave an awkward little wave, and squished in on the bench next to Percy. "I'm the girlfriend. Nice to meet you." Tony gaped at Percy, then Annabeth, "So you're real? Man, we all thought he was making you up!" Percy's response – a squawk of outrage – immediately sent Annabeth into a giggling fit that wouldn't stop until he kissed her, hard. She kissed him back eagerly, taking advantage of the strings on his hoodie so that she could pull him closer. " Hey ! No PDA!" a girl across the table yelled. It was then that Annabeth realised she had probably made a huge mistake, coming to Percy's school and facing what was basically an interrogation from all his friends, but when she thought about it, she didn't mind one bit. Later, he pulled her into an empty classroom when the rest of his year was out on the football field, celebrating the end of school. She wondered aloud why he didn't want to join them – this had been the most normal school year he would ever have, and his last. Percy's reply, however, made perfect sense. "I guess I never felt like I'm a part of this place. At least, not properly. The other half of me is normally at another school halfway across the country, you know." Annabeth pressed her forehead against his and locked her hands behind his head. She was sure that at that moment, his heartbeat was synced to hers like the hands of a clock, seamlessly in unison. "I'm here now. You and me against the rest of the world, huh?" "Isn't it 'you and I'?" he smirked. She stared at him momentarily before snorting incredulously and nodding. Annabeth let her eyes flutter shut as Percy took her face in his palms and brushed his lips against hers. Maybe visiting Percy's school was a good idea. Sure, she was breaking a few rules (she had lied and said she was an applicant to get in) and taking him away from his school friends on his last day ever. But then again, he'd done it enough times at her school. And after all these years, the pair of them were not exactly too bothered about bending a couple of school rules to see each other. She thought about the years to come and her lips curved upwards against his. Annabeth was building something more permanent than even a school with Percy, and she was going to love every step of the way with him. A/N: hope you liked it! please review :)