she's not an Olympian?" Chiron asked. "Pretty sure it means she's not bound to Olympus or Zeus," Ari shrugged, "at least that's what she told me." "Your mother might be a minor goddess then. Most of them are not bound to the laws of Olympus." Ari scratched the back of her head. "That's the conclusion I almost came to as well. But what I encountered on my way here says otherwise." Chiron looked intrigued. "Go on." Ari held up her left hand, fingers outstretched, and began ticking them off. "I had to kill six hydra, something over forty snake women with two tails, easily two hundred harpies, most of which attacked me in gangs, and no less than two giants." The centaur nearly fell over. "How are you still alive?" Chiron asked, gazing at her in amazement. "Frankly? Pretty sure the attacks and my survival are because of who my mom really is," she replied. When Ari realized Chiron was waiting for her to continue, she scoffed. "I don't know who she is, obviously. That's part of why I came straight here. Was hoping someone could fill me in." "Part of why?" Chiron asked. "Yes, I'm also supposed to talk to you directly. My mom gave me a message for you," Ari clarified. "What is the message?" "She gave me explicit instructions to quote 'Ask to speak to him in a secure area' unquote" "Hmm," Chiron muttered, "follow me. My office should be secure enough." "Thanks." Chiron turned around and walked further into the house. They passed two doors, one containing something like a kitchen, the other a sort of living room/medical ward hybrid. "A medical ward?" Ari asked the centaur, "do people here get hurt often?" Chiron paused, looking sadly at the doorway. "Far too often for my liking," he sighed, "some don't recover." Ari gulped and they continued on in silence. A hallway appeared on the right, and Chiron turned into it, opening the first door on the right. They entered the office, and the centaur went behind his desk, where a rather peculiar wheelchair was sitting. He backed up and somehow his horse half compacted into the wheelchair, leaving a rather shocked Ari staring at him. Now he just looked like a disabled professor, not the half horse he really was. "You said you had a message for me, Miss Ari?" Chiron asked, jolting her out of her stupor. Shaking her head and writing her face, she summoned a small orb of Forcium, which her mom had told her was basically a recording and playback device. Chiron stared at her, shock evident on his face. "What?" Ari asked. "How did you do that?" Ari looked from Chiron to where his eyes pointed, the small ball in her hands, then back to him several times before it dawned on her. "Oh, summoning? It's one of the powers passed to me from my mom." "No demigod I've met can materialize items from thin air," the centaur responded wearily. "Really?" Ari asked, clocking her head to the side, "I must be pretty unique then, because that's not the only thing I can summon." She placed the orb down on his desk, then summoned her gun. Unlike with the orb, the air hummed, and then the gun popped into existence in her hands. "Cool, huh?" "What is that?" Chiron asked in wonder. Ari merely stared at him dumbfounded. "It's a gun. Duh.' He raised his eyebrows. "You can summon weapons?" "Not just weapons," Ari said, dismissing the gun. It faded away with a hum before she focused on making something else. "Anything I can imagine, if it can be made with this metal, I can summon it," she finished, placing a small statuette of the centaur on his desk. "Though summon doesn't seem to be the right word for it, since nothing I create goes away unless I explicitly will it to stop existing." Chiron's eyes were wide as dinner plates now. "That's the power of creation. Only gods have that ability." He looked at her suspiciously, as if suspecting her to be one. Ari quickly corrected that assumption. "Sad to say it, but I'm definitely mortal. I get sliced, I bleed. Very red blood. No ichor here. Though there is something peculiar about me in that regard." Ari quickly summoned a knife with a small hum, and proceeded to cut a gash in her hand to the horror of the centaur. He began to get up, but Ari stopped him with a wave of her knife hand, then held up the cut palm. What used to be a giant red wound had sealed itself to little more than a scratch, and that was quickly fading. The only evidence she had ever been cut was the blood on the centaur's desk, and even that seemed to be disappearing. Chiron looked at her with incredulity. "How?" Ari shrugged, then tossed the knife in the air. It vanished with the same hum it had appeared with. "No idea. Mortals call it 'spontaneous regeneration', but no mortal doctor has ever figured out how I do it." "Well then. Maybe we could get some Apollo kids on it, they might be able to find out." She shrugged again. "If it helps more people, uh, 'recover from their injuries', I'd be glad to help," she said with a smile. Ari readjusted her shirt, then cleared her throat. "However, all of this is very off task. We have a message to see, don't we?" The centaur looked at her with confusion. "We?" "I haven't seen it either." "Ah, Yes. Let's see the message." "Alright then," she said, and lightly double tapped the orb. It began to glow orange and rise into the air, hovering at their eye level. In front of both of them, an image of a woman with crimson hair and orange eyes faded into existence. The woman looked up, staring into both their eyes. "Hello Chiron," she said, "I see you've met my daughter."