the same way, the sharp pain registering as pleasure due to a combination of chemicals released by the brain during arousal (science told me that one, so I'm pretty sure it's true. Look up vasopressin, oxytocin, dopamine, etc. Also my ex told me to spank her while we were just making out, so I guess maybe chicks just like it?) . Erika wanted more, even after orgasming, though some girls supposedly didn't (seriously guys some chicks are done after one just like you, so make sure you find that out before you turn into a maniac. Not every chick wants to be fucked endlessly, though they will in this story, lol.) . Percy slammed into her over and over. He'd always lasted for a long time with Annabeth, much longer than this, but this girl felt so much better. Unbelievably good. "Fuck, Erica. Take my seed! Take it and get pregnant! Get knocked up with my kid!" he shouted as he came straight into her womb, his head pressed up against her cervix. His semen shot into her womb and she moaned as the hot liquid warmed her up from the inside. He removed his softening cock from her tight cunt and stood her up, kissing he passionately as he continued to spank her under her skirt. She didn't leave his embrace, letting him fondle her ass as she broke the kiss, looking down at the ground. "Percy, I... What do you... I think... Will you-uh!" she shuddered suddenly. "What is it?" Percy asked, concerned. "I... I don't know how I know, but... your sperm just... I'm pregnant. You really got me pregnant. This is bad. This is really bad. I know you have a girlfriend, I'm so stupid, I'm so so so so dumb!" Before she could get more upset, Percy took her chin and gently stole her lips in a kiss. For several minutes they stayed in this compromising state, Erika calming to the point she regained her more human form, before he finally pulled away. "Erika, that doesn't matter anymore. You're carrying my child. That means something to me. You're more important than Annabeth ever was. And you will be even after you give birth to my child, because you'll be their mother. And... I don't know how I'm so sure, it isn't your spell, it isn't what made me take you just now, but... I think I'm in love with you. I'm taking you with me back to camp, and I won't let anyone hurt you, okay?" Her big blue eyes started tearing up. She hugged him tightly as she nodded. Suddenly, the two weren't in an alley, and they were both fully naked. And... Aphrodite was here!? Were they on Olympus? The most beautiful woman in the world, who looked suspiciously like Erika, spoke up in a voice that sounded like Erika's as well, saying, "I'm sure you're wondering what's going on. Since you're the first ones it's affected, I'll tell you, but you can only tell Annabeth, that's it. On the Styx?" Percy and Lily both swore on the Styx without a second thought. "I have made monsters and halfbloods lust after each other. Well, also goddesses, but don't tell Annabeth that. I did it because I was bored, if you were asking." She snapped her fingers and the two were in camp clothes: jeans and the orange t-shirt. "I can also remove the hickeys from the girl's neck, if you wish?" she asked. Percy shook his head. "No need. They're called love marks, aren't they? You made us lust for one another, but you didn't have anything to do with our emotions, right?" "None at all. Don't tell me-" "Yes, Lady Aphrodite. I want to spend the rest of my life with her. I can't explain it. It's got nothing to do with lust. So, why wouldn't I want to show my love for her?" Aphrodite squealed. Finally her prediction was coming true! She had promised the two she'd make their love lives horrible, as bad as Paris and Hellen. Surely they hadn't thought simply going through Tartarus had appeased her. OH yes, this was sure to be interesting. She wished the two luck before bringing them to the Poseidon cabin. Percy took Erika to his bed, and they kissed one another, sometimes gentle, sometimes passionate, until they fell asleep together, some hours later. Chapter One: Fin. Hey, so, what'd you think? I'm very sorry if you thought it got too weird, I'll be sure to continue adding a vanilla scene to every chapter for people who aren't into monsters or who aren't into whatever fetishes. Was the Percy scene acceptable for you guys? Did it need to be longer? I wrote it as it would happen, not especially graphically, so... please advise. Tell me which fetishes you hated, and I'll be sure to ignore you. Tell me which you want to see, and if I can stomach it, I'll see about adding it into a chapter. I can promise you I've thought of every girl in the PJO universe I'm willing to write. Sally is right out, so forget about it. I've also gone through all the books, picking out every monster I'm willing to use. You could, however, pair up girl(s) with monster(s) and I might be willing to write that. Fetishes I'm currently considering writing at some point(not into each of them, mind you, but I'm fine with them): gangbang(mmmmf), threesome(ffm), anal, public, golden shower, loli(looks like a little girl but is totally of legal age[remember some goddesses like being in their child forms]), BDSM, bondage, boob job, slave, lactation, birth, kemenomimi(chicks with animal ears), tentacles. Will never write: futanari(chicks with dicks), incest, guy on guy. If you really really want a fetish I didn't mention, leave a review or shoot me a pm like I said and if I can stomach it I'll be sure to write it at some point. So, enjoy your day. And no kink shaming.