the museum, I began to head in the direction of the Greek and Roman display room. 'It was an accident; I don't even remember pus-' 'Don't play dumb with me honey,' I spun in a circle as her voice echoed around the room, but still couldn't see her. I couldn't help but feel like I was in some kind of low budget horror film. 'It doesn't suit you.' 'I seriously don't know what you're talking about,' I insisted, finally entering the Greek and Roman wing. Mrs. Dodds stood looking up at a stele with her hands clasped behind her back. 'Drop the act honey, I know it was you,' She continued, not bothering to turn around to look at me. 'I had my suspicions when I first met you, but your performance at the fountain just confirmed it.' 'Mrs. Dodds, I don't know what you're talking about!' She appeared directly in front of me, her mouth turned up into a snarl. I took a step back in surprise. 'Where is it?' Her voice changed to a horrifying growl, something completely different to anything I had ever heard her sound like before. 'What are you talking about?' I squeaked. My palms started to sweat as I started to panic. Something was defiantly wrong here. 'Tell me where it is and I promise to kill you quickly, but if you lie," She trailed off as she looked me up and down in hunger. I quickly started to back away from her. 'Kill me? Is this some kind of sick joke?' I looked around desperately hoping to see people laughing my expense. Only, we were the only ones here. 'Where is it?' She insisted, her voice growing more and more animal like every time she opened her mouth. 'I don't know what you are talking about!' Mrs. Dodds hunched forward into a predatory stance and gave me a bone chilling grin, before jumping high into the air and exploding into this huge leathery human like bird. 'Holy –' Mrs. Dodds dove towards me, curled claws aimed directly for me. I turned around and dove for the ground. Only getting to my feet when she had flown straight past me. I tried running for the only other exit in the room, only to find my way blocked by Mrs. Dodds. I still couldn't understand how she was so fast. 'Just leave me alone!' I turned around again and tried to reach the other exit. But once again, I found my way blocked by the weird creature that had once been Mrs. Dodds. 'Whatever you think I have I don't have it! 'Sophia!' Both me and the creature started at the sudden appearance of my Latin teacher wheeling himself through the other entrance. Once realising that he had my attention he threw something at me, and it was only as it got closer to me I realized it was a pen. Out of instinct, I raised my hands to catch it. But when I brought my hands down, what I had thought was a pen was actually a three foot long bronze sword. The same one I remembered Mr. Brunner using in class. 'No!' Came the loud growl behind me. I turned around in time to see Mrs. Dodds diving bombing towards me once more. I fell to the floor automatically, and felt the air shift as her long talons barely missed ripping my back to shreds. Stumbling to my feet, I was just in time to Mrs. Dodds turning mid-air and fly straight towards me. Fangs bared and talons reaching towards me she shrieked, just like she had at the fountain. Somehow in that moment I knew exactly what to do, lifting the sword and bracing myself I waited for the right moment. When she was in reach, I fell to my knees. Spinning out of the way of her talons and raised the sword, slashing right through her leathery skin. She shrieked in pain and in outrage, and only had a second to turn and glare at me before exploding in a shower of bronze dust. I stayed were I was kneeling, paralyzed. Staring at the pile of bronze dust that had once been my maths teacher. I stood shakily and ran my hand over my forehead, collecting the beads of sweat that had grown there. After a few moments I finally tore my eyes away from the pile of dust, and looked down at the sword in my hand hoping it held some kind of clue as to how I managed to do what I had just done. Only instead of a sword, I now held a pen. I looked up expecting Mr. Brunner to still be at the entrance but he was gone as well. 'Did that really just happen?' I said to myself and pinched my leg hoping to find that this was in fact a dream. 'Ah!' I flinched and rubbed my now sore skin. I looked back at the pile of dust in disbelief, hoping with every fibre of my being that if I looked at it long enough it would disappear. 'That couldn't have been real. Things like that don't happen,' I nodded my head, not actually believing in what I said. 'It was just a dream. That's all. It was just a dream.' Even as I said that I knew that I was just lying to myself. I didn't imagine Mrs. Dodds turn into a leathery human-like bird. I didn't imagine Mr. Brunner throwing me a pen that turned into a sword then back into a pen. I didn't imaging Mrs. Dodds exploding into a cloud of bronze dust. But for the sake of my sanity, I pretended that I did. I turned abruptly and made my way back outside. Intending on giving the pen back to Mr. Brunner and enjoying the rest of my lunch with Grover, all the while pretending that what happened in the Greek and Roman wing of the museum didn't happen.