Percy tells Reyna he falls deeper in love with Annabeth every second he spends with her, and it takes everything she has to keep from dropping Annabeth's secret. It's a relatively uneventful night. oOo Annabeth is leaving to London on a Thursday. It's two weeks before Reyna goes off to college herself, and is surprised when she receives an invitation to attend a going away party for Annabeth. Ever since she'd found out that Reyna hadn't ratted her out to Percy, and then that the two of them had broken up, the two girls had reached a stage of mutual putting up with each other. Reyna realizes that she doesn't hate being in Annabeth's company anymore. She's still surprised to find the invitation, though, until she sees that it's Percy who sent it to her. She looks through the email to find that it's being hosted by Annabeth's dad, which seems like a great leap in their relationship, and it's going to be a surprise, which is why everyone is encouraged to be on time. And so, here she is, lounging in a plush leather sofa and only half invested in the conversation round her. Silena and Beckendorf are arguing about the greater avenger, with everyone spouting their own opinions. Annabeth, who's out walking the dog, should be home any moment. When she finally does walk in through the doors, there's a huge chorus of 'SURPRISE!' and everyone takes turns hugging her and telling her how much they're going to miss her. She looks close to tears, and even thanks Reyna for making it. The only person who hasn't handed over a gift to her is Percy, who's been strangely subdued the entire time. The whole gang sinks back into a light banter until it's time for them to leave, so Annabeth can get some sleep before her long day tomorrow. Reyna hugs Annabeth one last time before slipping out of the house. Since she came down with Percy, she hangs back at the car, waiting for him to come out. She understands that he's going to need a moment with his best friend. She's mildly annoyed by the light drizzle, but decides she can put up with it for a while for Percy to say his goodbyes. It shouldn't be too long, she thinks, considering he's also dropping her off to the airport the next morning. The door opens in a couple of moments, and Reyna thinks that was all too quick, but she sees Annabeth come out with Percy, and because she really doesn't want to look like she's spying, ducks behind the plants. "I really don't want you to leave." Percy's telling her. Through the leaves, Reyna can see Annabeth play with the lining of her running shorts. "I know. I'll see you in December, though." She tries to sound upbeat, but her voice fails her. "I love you." Percy tells her, leaning his forehead against hers. "I love you too." Her voice is barely above a whisper, and Reyna is annoyed that she can still hear them. Honestly, can people not get their privacy from weird classmates just trying to hitch a ride? There's a strained pause. "I didn't say that right." Percy says. He cups her face carefully, and Reyna sees a single raindrop fall off his nose and onto her cheek. Percy takes a deep breath. "I'm in love with you." She isn't sure if the water on Annabeth's cheeks are water or tears. "I have been for years now. Wait, no, let me finish. I'm so deeply, miserably in love with you, and I've just been terrified of losing you, and now you're leaving. To another country, and- I want to spend more time with you, and it's not fair, Annabeth." Percy tells her. "And I just wanted to let you know. That's all. Because you're going to leave, find people better than me, and you'll be happy with someone who deserves you, but me? I'm going to be right here, because-" He pauses. "I love you, and I don't think I'll ever feel this way about anyone else." He starts to back away slowly, and even Reyna wants to jump out and tell Annabeth to stop looking so shocked. By now, Percy's turned around and is heading towards Reyna's bush. " Percy ." He turns around just in time to catch her as she throws herself on him. She wastes no time in pressing her lips to his, and he deepens the kiss easily, losing his balance so they both fall into the grass. They kiss for long enough for it to get really weird for Reyna, but pull out. "I'm in love with you, too." She tells him, lying on top of him and looking right at home. "I'm so, so, so madly in love with you, but-" "You're leaving." Percy finishes for her. Suddenly, the air is somber again. "I am." "And I'm staying here." "You are." "You should've taken that Harvard scholarship." He jokes lightly, but she sniffs into his chest. "Will you wait for me?" "Haven't I waited long enough?" Percy asks, and she smiles, pressing her lips to his and pulling him into another kiss. "I'll be back in five years. Right home to you." She promises. "And I'll be here, waiting on my knees with a ring." He kisses her forehead. Reyna wonders how he can move so fast- Confessing one moment and proposing the next, but she thinks maybe it's just words, and just the words Annabeth needs to hear. "You're going to do so well in that architecture course." He tells her, still on the lawn. "I love you and I'm so proud of you." "I'll miss you, Seaweed Brain." She sniffs into his t-shirt. Reyna can't stop beaming at them, though. He did it, she thinks. He screamed out his feelings for her, and she ran after him, and they're going to live happily ever after, she's sure. Just like a movie .