the park, and I miss you." He tells her, and she softens. "I'm sorry. I'll be home in half an hour. Is tha alright with you?" She asks, and gets a long drawn sigh in response before the line goes blank. It's something Percy's started to do a lot more often now- Call her when he gets bored and demand she come back because he's bored. She imagines it's hard to have to sit around all day and do nothing, but she doesn't know how to help him. She looks back at Jason, who only gestures for her to leave with a smirk. "Don't keep our princess waiting." He laughs, and she smacks him across the head while shrugging on her jacket. "That's sexist." She informs him before grabbing her bag and leaving. oOo Sometimes she wonders how she ever got so lucky as to meet Percy Jackson, much less marry him. She's sitting on the bench, watching him dribble the ball across the court, looking more relaxed than she's seen him in a while. He's got sweat dripping off his chin and little droplets of water in his hair, but his eyes are blazing as he weaves around the court, his coach constantly calling out orders. "Take it easy, Jackson!" He barks as Percy jumps gracefully to shoot a basket. She can see how happy he is, but secretly, she does agree with the coach. He really shouldn't be exerting himself. He misses, and lets out a frustrated scream, and Annabeth flinches. He's not anywhere close to being in shape for any of the matches this season. He wipes at his face before staring his routine all over again. "You can't expect to be in perfect condition." The coach calls, but she isn't even sure if he's hearing any of the words. He's solely focused on the ball, the court and the basket at the other end- She knows it because she knows Percy. She watches him for three hours until she decides it's time for a real break, and stands up. Immediately, Percy drops the ball, turning to look at her. "Where are you going?" He calls, and she smiles at the coach before turning to him. "We're going home. That's enough for today." She gives him a pointed look. He's about to argue, but seems to be contemplating it. She hardens her look, and silently thanks the gods when she hears his coach grunt, "She's right. Get some rest, Jackson." He relaxes slightly before heading into the showers. His coach turns to her. "He's pretty good." He tells her quietly, like he's afraid Percy might hear. "He might actually even make the cut, but he needs practice." "He'll practice for as long as it's a healthy amount." Annabeth cuts him off. "He loves the sport, and the team- Enough to forget about himself. He's not hurting himself again." She states firmly, and the other man looks a little offended, but it slowly turns into an expression she thinks looks somewhat impressed. "He's lucky. To have a girl like you." He tells her, and she smiles shyly at him, earlier defensiveness leaving her almost immediately. "I really am sorry about the accident." "What did happen, anyway? He's never told me." She pushes. She'd told herself she'd give him some space, not poke her nose where he doesn't want her, but it's just her curiosity that drives her crazy. "Got tackled when he was dunking. Hit the floor. Hard." The coach is a man of few words, she decides. "Why do you think he didn't tell me?" She wonders, more for the sake of conversation. "He acted like a child, taking that shot. Probably embarrassed." Okay, then, Annabeth thinks. No conversation today. They wait for him to come out in silence. He puts his arm around her, beaming down and pressing a kiss to her temple. "I'm feeling awesome." He says, and she pats his arm. "About damn time. Start driving the car, then- I'm sick of being your cabbie." She teases, and Percy shrugs. "I'll drive us home." He offers, and Annabeth pauses. She realizes that nursing Percy back to health is a lot like raising their little boy- There's only so many things she can do for him. After that, it's up to him to get to his own two feet. She takes a breath. It's time for Percy to get his life back, even if she's a little afraid of him getting hurt. He's a responsible adult , she reminds himself. "Sure, yeah." She says. oOo They decide to both pick Alec up from his first day of school. He comes racing out with the largest smile she's ever seen, and leaps right into his father's arms. Percy lifts him right off the ground with ease, tossing him slightly up in the air before catching him. Alec giggles loudly. "Daddy, let me down! I'm six now!" He wrestles against Percy's grip until he's back on his feet. "How was school, Big Guy?" Percy holds out his hand for the boy to take. "It was fun." He shrugs, offering no more information. The two of them head back to the car, and Annabeth stays back to watch them for a moment. Percy's back on the team, and he's been really busy the entire season. He even says that he plays better now than he used to. Alec's started first grade- he goes to school. Two years ago, both of her boys were dependent on her, and now, they're going off to school and to play the Celtics. They're both waving for her to catch up, and when she does, Percy wraps his arm around her waist and Alec holds her hand, and she realizes just how dependent she is on them. She scoops up her son so she can smother him in kisses, and feels Percy's laughter against her shoulder. She understands now how family really works- They all need each other, and nobody lets anyone down.