don't trust him, but you do, and I- You're a good girl. I just want to say, I should've always been by your side. Silena would've." Annabeth closes her eyes. She wants to tell Clarisse that she's too late, that she's fine on her own, but it's the furthest from the truth. In reality, knowing there's one other person willing to help Percy out- It's more than she could ask for, and it's making her choke up. She reaches up and touches her own throat and flinches. She can bet there's a bruise somewhere there that the nectar still hasn't healed. "That Roman kid's been dying to come in." Clarisse says gruffly. She raches out and gives Annabeth's shoulder a light pat. "I'm glad you're okay." Jason does come in- to thank her for saving his life. Piper follows later, eyes red and face puffy. "Do you still think I'm wrong?" She asks. Annabeth doesn't look her in the face- She couldn't. Will Solace helps her out the rest of the day, and tells her she's good to go, and she heads straight to the Poseidon cabin to find it locked. She bangs her fists against it until she's bleeding, and that's what it takes for Percy to open the door to her. "I'm a little upset you didn't come to check up on me." She says lightly, stepping in, but she looks up at Percy and falls silent. His face is gaunt and a chalky white. His hair is standing up in all angles, the bags under his eyes looking even worse. That's not the worst part, though- He's got cuts and bruises all over his face, his bare chest and waist. Some of them are still bleeding- and he makes no attempt to fix it. His eyes are on her, and maybe that's the most unsettling part of him. His expression is sour, eyes a dark green, and she feels like he's looking into her soul. He stays silent for a long time. Annabeth doesn't move. Finally, he croaks, "Why?" "Why what?" Annabeth fires back with a glare. She can't believe she went through all of that for him, and he had the gall to look upset with her?" "Why did you step in for Jason? Why did you let me nearly ki-dr-" He can't bring himself to say the word, his voice breaks. "Why did you stand by my side this whole time, knowing they were right- I am out of control. And why the fuck did you come back here?" Annabeth stares at him. Since they'd gotten out of Tartarus, she'd clung to him like he was her lifeline. He didn't have an issue then. They'd talked about their future and how happy they were going to be, together, and he didn't raise any concerns. She'd held his hand when he'd thrash around wildly in his sleep, and calm him down when he'd wake up crying for her. When he'd needed her, she'd lent him her unwavering support, and suddenly he has a problem with it? "Because I love you." She says. It's so obvious- She can't believe they're having this conversation. "And I know you'll get better soon, and I want to be there for you, every step of the wa-" "I don't." His voice is quiet, and he's looking at the ground when he says it, so Annabeth isn't even sure she heard him right. She looks at him. "You don't what?" He wears a pained expression when he looks up to meet her eye. He looks like he's trying really hard to hold back tears. He shakes his head a little, his Adam's apple bobbing. When he speaks again, he looks away from her, somewhere near their bed. "I don't love you anymore, Annabeth." His voice breaks when he says her name. Annabeth is thankful for the storm outside Camp as she walks. She has nothing on her except the clothes on her back. Somewhere behind her, a voice calls desperately, "Annabeth! Hey, stop! Annabeth, stop!" But she doesn't dare turn around. Clarisse finally catches up to her, well outside the Camp borders and in the pouring rain. She holds her arm and turns her around roughly. "Where are you going?" Clarisse demands. She's glaring at her, but her expression falters when she notices the look on Annabeth's face. Annabeth is thankful for the rain because it covers her tears. "Away." "Why?" "I never want to look at this place again." Annabeth tells her roughly, tugging her arm out of the other woman's grasp. "I hate this place." She cries. "I never want to come back!" Clarisse looks at her like she's been slapped in the face. Then her face hardens. "Look, whatever you're throwing a fit about, forget it. Come back to the Big House. We'll talk tomorrow. Look at the storm- Maybe your boyfriend can take you-" "Don't ever call him that again!" Annabeth wails. She wants to sob, right here, in the mud and the cold. Clarisse looks confused, and then seems to figure out what might've happened. She does the last thing Annabeth expects- She pulls her in for a hug. "I'll help you get through this." Clarisse tells her. "Please, just stay. Whatever the guy's done to you- I'll kill Jackson, I don't know, just- stay." Annabeth can't believe she's hearing these words from Clarisse. They'd been close, sure, but after Percy had started to occupy all her time, they'd drifted apart. It almost scares her, how comforting she finds Clarisse's presence. She pulls away, shaking her head. "Let me do this. I promise, I'll come back, if- If I feel like it." The if hangs heavily between them, both of them knowing there's a slim chance they'll see each other again. But Clarisse nods and steps back. She doesn't look at Annabeth when she says goodbye or when she turns around and runs off up the hill. With a deep breath, Annabeth hails the Gray Sisters taxi.