As the goddess of family, I felt the sheer pain that tore Percy's being apart a couple months ago, when his family was destroyed. For the first time, hope was completely extinguished in a demigod." All of the people just stared at Hestia in shock as she continued grimly, "That's why I wasn't able to find you Percy, despite my greatest efforts. However, tonight, I felt a flicker in the hearth. Hope had returned to the greatest demigod, and he had a family again." Athena just looked at the ground sadly, unable to meet Percy's eyes. Hestia smiled warmly at Percy, "You cannot believe how glad I am that I found you again. I hoped that you would not die of your hopelessness, and tonight has brought you back from the brink. I know of Hera's plan to find you a new home, and before you go, I would like to give you my blessing and make you my champion." Percy gaped at the goddess, "Me? Greatest demigod? I do not deserve your blessing, Lady Hestia! Have you seen what I've done?" Athena rolled her eyes, "Percy, despite what our relations have been in the past, I have seen how great a man you are. You truly are the greatest demigod of all time, and I simply cannot understand how my daughter, who proclaims herself to be my smartest daughter ever, would ever want to leave someone like you." Percy just stood there, shocked at the praise he was receiving, especially from the goddess that used to despise him. He then turned back to Hestia and bowed, "It would be my honor for me to receive your blessing and become your champion, Lady Hestia." Hestia giggled happily, waving away the bow, "I don't want you to treat me so formally, especially now that you're going to be my champion." She raised her hands towards Percy, and her hands lit on fire. Instantly, a warm glow passed over the demigod, calming him tremendously. After a few minutes, the glow wore off, and he felt like he was back to normal. Percy looked at Hestia in the eye, bowing, "Thank you Hestia." "You now have power over fire, whether it be combat or healing, and you can calm other people with your touch. In addition, you can conjure any home-cooked food thanks to my blessing." Percy nodded in acknowledgment as Hestia stepped back and nodded to Athena, who moved towards me. "Perseus, I know I haven't treated you well in the past. I also know that what my daughter did was wrong, and that caused me to lose a lot of respect for her. As a form of forgiveness, I would like you to accept my blessing as well." Percy nodded, "Okay Lady Athena." "Despite my hatred for those Romans due to what they have done for me, I will make you my champion too." She raised her hands in Percy's direction, similar to Hestia. A gray glow surrounded Percy for a few minutes, before it wore off. "My blessing increases your brain processes dramatically, decreasing your ADHD and dyslexia off the battlefield to insignificant levels. In addition, you can now strategize and develop battle plans on the fly, analyzing any possible surroundings during a time of war. This will aid you in the future," explained Athena. Percy bowed courteously to her as well, "Thank you Athena. I'd like to note that your daughter's actions are not your fault at all; she is the one who made her choice." Athena looked at Percy curiously, with newfound respect shining in her eyes. Hestia motioned to Athena and smiled at Hera, "We must go now, back to Olympus. We will contact you again once you meet with the Romans." Hera nodded at the two goddesses as they flashed away before turning back to Percy. As a result of these multiple blessings, he now had obtained traits from his patrons and mother. His former sea green eyes had changed drastically. Now, brown and gray clashed in his iris along with moving sea green specks, with a sea green band running around his pupil and iris. Most notable, however, was that his eyes were like flames of brown and gray, clearly a side effect of Hestia's blessing. "Son, you're probably curious what powers you gained from me." Percy nodded, smiling inwardly at hearing son again. "My domain is often ignored, but you have a few unique gifts. First, your mind has become a lot stronger. You can shield your mind from anyone who tries to read your mind, manipulate you, or incapacitate you. You can also in turn look at people's minds and thoughts, similar to a god, but this power is limited to mortals and demigods. Any very strong demigod and any god will most often remain unaffected. In addition, you can change your features without using the Mist in the minds of other people. This technique actually roots from slight manipulation of the minds of the people who see your disguised form, as your power forces their eyes to see you differently. This will help you especially when you join Camp Jupiter or if you encounter any gods that hold grudges against you." Percy's eyes widened; he hadn't expected Hera to be so powerful. His new mother chuckled at his stunned expression. "Percy, did you really expect one of the children of Kronos and Rhea to be powerless? However, you'll need some training before you can use these powers fully. I can train you with my powers and ask Hestia to aid you with the powers she gifted you through her blessing for a few months before we send you to Camp Jupiter," Hera said. Percy nodded, "That sounds reasonable. What would be the point of these abilities without being able to use them?" Hera smiled and grabbed his shoulder, flashing him away from the desolate fire that was the last trace of the broken, shattered Percy she had seen initially in the clearing.