planet." "How do we know if he's working for Kronos?" Travis asked. "Did you say security system?" Percy raised an eyebrow. "Isn't that Kronos guy locked up in the prison?" Chiron had long ago told them the story about how the then King of Tartarus Kronos, by the unanimous decision by all the courts of all the other planets, was convicted of theft for exploiting what Olympus had that belonged to the people. It was a story told again and again as a reminder to all the students that, even though they're of royal blood, no one's an exemption to the law. "Well, with what little inhabitants Tartarus has, I don't think there's better use for all the funds and help that that Midas guy is going to get," Piper answered before frowning. "Unless, of course, he's also working for Kronos. But he should know better. He gets to see that prison every time he's home. He should how horrible it is to be in there." Percy frowned. "Are you sure that's all we've got? No other planet has any ties with Tartarus?" "Well…" Piper trailed off, cocking her head to the side so she could look at Travis. The prince widened his eyes once he saw her look. Travis was shaking his head frantically. "Piper, you know I can't ask him." "We have to try, Travis," Piper insisted. "My father refuses to talk about anything that has to do with Luke or with that army he's part of," Travis said. "If I ask about Tartarus, he'll have my butt, I swear." But there was a reason why Percy chose Piper for any task that involved asking any of the students. He found out long ago that she was incredibly good at convincing anyone to do what she wanted. Percy wasn't sure how she did that, but maybe it had something to do with her pretty face and the pout she does all the time. (Percy also has a theory that Jason's incredibly whipped because of that.) "For us, Travis?" Piper asked, making Percy roll his eyes at her attempts to that face again. "We've never asked you before, but we're coming to a dead end now. Please?" Travis stared at her for a moment before frowning. "Piper, no." " Please ?" "...fine." Travis rolled his eyes. "But this is going to take a while. Gods , how does Jason argue with you?" Piper grinned. "He doesn't." "Thank you, Travis," Percy said sincerely. "We know this isn't easy for you, so we owe you a lot." "Yeah, you can start by telling me why you and Annabeth are always getting caught at the library." Percy groaned as Piper laughed loudly. Despite all the heavy stuff they had to deal with, somehow they always found a way to act like crazy teenagers. Percy wouldn't trade his friends for the world. Fourteen-year-old Luke Castellan stopped short at the hallways. Rows of guards donned in green were lined up all the way to where his father's room was situated at the end of the hall. " What's going on?" He asked no one in particular. He didn't like the sight of all these guards; something must've gone wrong. Suddenly he felt a sense of dread. His father wasn't supposed to be home yet. King Hermes had sent him somewhere as representative of the kingdom of Pherena; for what, Luke didn't know. Before he could give it much thought, he started running towards the door at the end of the hall. But then— " Luke, wait!" The blond prince stopped and turned around to see his cousin and heir to the Pherena throne, Prince Connor Stoll. " Cousin," Luke greeted. He tried to look calm but he really couldn't keep the fright out of his voice. The older boy had an expression that Luke didn't like; Connor's eyes were wide and it looked like he was hiding something. "What's going on? Is my father home? Why are they all here?" Connor bit his lip, probably contemplating his next words. "Your father was going on a diplomatic mission for Tartarus; that, you already know. But, uh…" " Connor." Luke was already starting to panic. "What's happening? Father and his fleet weren't supposed to return until this Friday—" " That's the thing, Luke," Connor said. "Their ship wasn't able to take off properly. Something happened while they were jumping into hyperspace. No one could tell what it was. Your father and all the people he was with—" Luke didn't listen to rest of his cousin's words. He decided to run all the way to his father's room instead, blinking back tears and trying to ignore the fact that his chest was starting to hurt for a reason he wasn't sure of. He only stopped when the door opened, and King Hermes exited with an expression too sad for a king to wear. " Uncle—" Luke started. The king didn't say a word. He dropped down to Luke's height and hugged his nephew… something he hasn't done since Luke was very little. When Luke felt the king's tears on his shoulder, he started crying himself. End of Chapter One Oh wow oh wow oh wow this is here! I apologize for the wait that came with this chapter, although I don't have a better reason aside from school. Free life tip: choose a major you're going to love for the rest of your existence huhu. You'll have to constantly remind yourself why you're doing what you're doing. Hahahuhu Thank you so much for reading and for reaching this far of my stories! It means a lot to me! That being said, I'm going to have to ask you guys to be patient with my updating schedule. So far, college is taking so much of my time and I don't know when the next chapter's going to be up. I'll write as much as I can, though, I promise! Thanks again! Have a great day! -YJ tumblr: itsscaryyoke