to herself. "So, what do you do for a living?" And now he's making conversation with her? This guy's fucking adorable, she nods to herself. "I'm a building, you know, I design architects." She tells him with pride. She'd struggled for years to actually get to where she was, and she liked to let people know that things don't come easily. "Easier now than it was to get here." She elaborates. "What do you do?" She asks him, and he shrugs, gesturing to his button up that he's wearing. She frowns at him. "Fashion designing? I've never been great at charades." She says, genuinely a little sorry about that. He lets out a full laugh that awakens the butterflies in her stomach. She can't help but smile at him too. "I'm a bartender, you know, I tend to bars?" He says, and god, Annabeth just wants to kiss him. "Oh. That's interesting." She tells him. "What's business like?" He shrugs. "It's not too bad, but then, this insanely beautiful woman comes in, and makes it all worth it." Annabeth feels herself getting a little angry. "Who's that?" She demands, feeling a little possessive of this man she met about ten minutes ago. He's laughing and talking in another language again, so she gives up. oOo Percy doesn't think drunk people are attractive, but good lord, Annabeth is doing it, and she's doing it so well. He finds it hard to stop laughing when she's talking, and with every answer she gives him, he likes her more. Sure, he's got some alcohol in his system, but drinking's a part of his job. He listens to her, and he doesn't know how long it's been, them just talking. He's particularly proud because he's managed to keep a conversation going with her, all the while serving the others and occasionally juggling bottles to keep her entertained. Her friends are still going strong, and don't seem to be too bothered by her whereabouts, although the good looking blonde guy occasionally turns around, like he's making sure she's still alive. She'd downed two more drinks since she'd been here, and he knows that isn't healthy, and that it's wrong to take advantage of someone drunk, but he couldn't help it. He wants to know why she looks so sad, even when she's so happy, and he asks her. "I'm not unhappy." She tells him. "I'm fine. You think I'm lonely, don't you? Everyone does, that's okay." Her eyes are shifting in and out of focus, and Percy slides her cocktail a little further away from him, trying to keep himself from laughing, because this perfect human being, can't get past a couple of cocktails without being piss-drunk. "Lonely?" He asks her, frowning. "I'm not. I'm good, alone." She insists, suddenly very aggressive. "I'm fine. I don't need people." Her eyes are watering, and Percy's started to panic. "I don't need anybody. What, you want to help me? So, he left me. So what?" Her voice is rising and tears are starting to flow, and Percy's trying to calm her down, but she's screaming now. "Michael's just another one. Who left me. So what if it was at the altar?" Her voice cracks, and one of her friends is beside her in a flash. Percy tries to explain to the guy- Travis, he thinks, but he's got his arm around her shoulders and his attention is focused solely on Annabeth. "Hey, hey, Annabeth. It's okay. Just, let it out. There we go." He looks up at Percy, too sober for all the shots he's done. "I'm really sorry-" Percy cuts him off with a wave of his hand. "It's okay." He nods to Annabeth, who's a mess of tears and slurred words that make no sense- Probably Greek, French, German or Spanish, Percy thinks dryly. "What's wrong?" The guy hugs her closer, but sends Percy an eye roll. "Messy break up. Suppressed it for two years, but it's got to come out, doesn't it? She doesn't mean it." He rubbed circles on her back. "Major abandonment complex." He says by means of an explanation. He holds out his hand. "Don't believe we've met. Connor Stoll." He says with a smile, and Percy blinks. "Percy. I think we have met, though-?" "Travis is my brother. Yes, we look very similar." Connor waves off. "I came in later- Sober companion duties, you see. Like sorting out this mess." He says softly. He smiles, and comforts Annabeth, all the while carrying a pretty comfortable conversation with Percy, who was still a little rattled by Annabeth's outburst. It's once his friends are screaming for him to hurry the fuck up that he gets off the barstool, picking Annabeth's now unconscious form up easily, like he does it often enough. "You're a good guy, Percy." He tells him sincerely, and Percy smiles. "Great meeting you." He says out of habit, but Connor leans further to the bar. "Don't mind the breakdown- Just waiting to happen. It was a long time ago." Connor says, almost apologetic, and Percy waves it off. "I'm just the bartender, man. You know what they say- Bartenders make a great listening ear." "I think Annabeth would like for you to be much more." Connor tells him, and Percy thinks he's going to die. He laughs, because there's no way someone like her would like someone like him. "I don't-" "Give her another chance, will you?" He flashes him a smile before leaving, and Percy wants to say there's no reason for her to return here, and he doesn't know whether he'll ever see her, and he wants Annabeth to stay because he's not done speaking with her, but he stares hopelessly at them. He slouches over the bar, and something in his hand buzzes, and he looks down at an iPhone that is definitely not his. He frowns at the screen, that has a single message on it. Everyone needs their phones. Dress to impress tomorrow. oOo