believes a word of what she's saying so she gives up "Okay, Jason, Hazel wants to speak with you." She says, gesturing for him to follow her. He doesn't ask any questions, bless him, and follows silently behind her. She closes the door behind them and turns to him. "I slept with him." She blurts. " What ? Jesus, Annabeth! We just needed you to get along. What's this about?" "I don't know, okay? And he's been trying to tell me something all day and I've just been brushing him off and I'm scared." She says hurriedly. Jason rolls his eyes. "The only way to get through something, dear Chase, is to get through it." He tells her sagely. He looks over his shoulder before crouching to her level. "Where is our Mr. Jackson, anyway? Alive, I hope?" "Hazel doesn't have a bouquet." She shrugs, and Jason smirks, leaning against the wall. "So you're in love with him, eh?" He asks, and Annabeth feels heat rise to her cheeks. "Just talk to him, Annabeth. Look at the rest of us- Nobody's going to get married any time soon. This could be your last chance." "What about Reyna?" "Too drunk. Leo's too lame. Piper's too much of a child and me? I'm too much of-" "An adult." Annabeth chimes in, but Jason doesn't argue. "You and Percy are our last hope. Who knows, maybe at your wedding, I'll find the love of my life. It could become like, a tradition." "You're strange." Annabeth tells him, pulling out her mascara. oOo The wedding is happy and sails smoothly, and everything goes off without a snitch. Jason decides to help her out so nobody has to walk down the aisle alone, and together, they pull off the entire thing. The guests are happy, and Annabeth meets a couple of her other classmates. She's standing in a corner at the reception, trying to avoid running into Hazel's mother, who, the last time she'd caught hold of Annabeth, spoke to her extensively of how she can See that there's a lot of misery in her life, and that everything was soon going to take a turn for the worst. She fades into the background, until someone taps her on the shoulder. She looks up from her champagne glass to a good looking man smiling down at her. She recognizes him as one of Frank's cousins from China, and smiles at him. "Would it be okay to ask you to a dance?" He holds out his hand, and because she doesn't know how to say no, she agrees hesitantly. She lets him lead her to where the rest of the coupes are dancing. He places his arm around her waist and smiles ar her. "I never introduced myself." He's got a very pronounced accent that Annabeth thinks could be Australian. "I'm Tom." "Annabeth." She smiles just as he twirls her around. She nearly loses her balance, but his grip on her is firm and he steadies her. He laughs lightly, and they lapse into an easy conversation about their jobs. He's telling her about his work as an executive advisor, when a voice interrupts him. "May I cut in?" Percy winks at her, and Tom smiles before saying his goodbyes and walks off. Percy places his arm on her lower back and pulls her closer to him, taking her hand in his. She laughs lightly. "I'm not jealous." He tells her before she can say anything, so she stops herself. They dance in silence for a while. "You've gotten better since prom." She notes playfully and he laughs. "You've gotten prettier." He tells her. "Neither of those seemed possible at the time." Annabeth feels her cheeks heat up. "I-" "-Have been avoiding confrontation all day long and can't run anymore?" Percy finishes. "Sounds about right." "Percy, look." Annabeth sighs. "We live in different ends of the country. It's been six years . I don't know if-" "Do you like me?" He asks her quietly. She meets his eyes, shaking her head slowly. "I love you." She says so softly she's not entirely convinced she said it out loud at all. Percy seems to hear it, though, because he nods. He doesn't smile or laugh or kiss her; he takes a deep breath instead. "Enough to give us another shot?" He asks. Annabeth contemplates it. She doesn't think long distance would end well for either of them, but is she willing to take the risk, regardless? She nods slowly. Percy seems satisfied. "Cancel your flight tonight." He tells her. "No, Perce- no." Her voice falters. "I've got a job, a life in Frisco-" "Annabeth." He cups her face in both his hands, tilting it so she's looking at him. There's a small smile playing on his lips. "Leave tomorrow. I haven't had enough time with my best friend. Please." "I don't know-" "It's a Sunday." Percy counters, and Annabeth stops. She wants to, so badly, but her brain keeps telling her it's not a good idea. For the first time in years, she tells her brain to shut up. "Okay." oOo He moves to San Francisco two weeks later . Annabeth doesn't know what to say or think when he stands at her door with a lopsided smile and shrug. "I need a place to stay." He tells her. "You're now looking at the newest recruit of the SFPD." He grins, and Annabeth wants to hug him so bad that she breaks down into tears. He hugs her and holds her close for a while until he decides he needs help moving in. When they're done setting him up, he wraps his arms around her, drawing her closer to him. "You think we're moving too fast with me moving in with you, and all?" He asks her, and she shrugs. "We'll have to find out." "Do you mind?" "Not one bit." He leans in and kisses her slowly. They're in no hurry; they've got all of eternity.