were so angry?" She asks, ignoring his pitiful attempt at asking her on a date. He turns bright red. "You dressed differently." He says, and Annabeth raises her brow. "What?" "I thought it was your way of reminding me that you're too good for me. Out of my league." He runs his fingers through his hair, and Annabeth stares at him. "What?" She repeats. "After thirteen years, Perseus Jackson-" "I'm sorry! I just- You've never showed off about Dr. Chase and I felt like after you ran away from me, you were just trying to show me why, and I get that it's stupid-" "No." Annabeth cuts him off, because she realizes that under all that cockiness, Percy's just as insecure as she is. "No. It isn't stupid." She knows how people are always joking about Percy being slow to get to the point, and she knows how much it affects him, and she wants him to know how much he means to her. "I wasn't thinking when I asked, I'm sorry. I wasn't looking at it from your point of view. I'd have done the same thing if I were you." He looks down at her, eyes shining happily. "I'm so sorry." He mumbles, leaning closer to her. "I'm so much more sorry." She mutters, letting her eyes flutter close as he closed the gap between their lips. It isn't their first kiss, but there's fireworks and the butterflies in her stomach combust and her heart is thudding against her chest and she can't breathe because being here, able to do this after three years seems like it's going to kill her. He draws back, looking a little dazed. "I've wanted to do that since seventh grade." He confesses. "You could've gotten away with it." "Really?" "No. Maybe in freshman year, though." "No way." "I promise." Annabeth laughs at the look on his face. "I wasted three years? That's not cool." He whines, pulling her against his chest. "Come on, your shift starts in ten. I'll drive you." "How'd you know?" "You're my best friend, Annabeth. Now let's go." He pulls her along. Jo's Diner isn't very rushed, and Percy spends the entire night sitting at the barstool. They talk about almost everything, but Annabeth doesn't think they'll ever run out of thing to talk to. When she's done, he leads her out, offering to drop her home. He shrugs on his jacket, and Annabeth decides she has to say it. "I hate that you wear leather." She pokes his chest, and he stops moving. She thinks she's offended him for a second. "When I was in the sixth grade," He starts. "My best friend told me she hated leather. She told me she couldn't believe people killed animals just to make jackets for themselves." Annabeth frowns at him, wondering where he's going with it. "I love her, Annabeth. So, so much. She's my entire world. If for a moment you think I'd ever let her hate me because of my fashion style of choice, you're wrong." "And yet you wear leather?" Annabeth rolls her eyes at how dramatic he's being. "It's faux." She knows it's stupid to be so happy, but Annabeth can't stop the smile forming. She lets Percy drop a kiss to her lips, smiling against him. When he draws back, he nuzzles her nose with his. "I feel like we're taking things really fast in a really strange order, but I love you." He tells her. "I love you too. Three years, Perce. It's not too fast." "I waited five. I love you." He repeats. "So what, are you like, my wife now?" "When we're eighteen, for sure." She promises through her laughter. oOo It's the last basketball match of the season, the last time Percy Jackson's going to be captain, and the last time Annabeth's cheering with her girls. She tells them she loves them, and promises to go to the after party with them later on. It's a little emotional, because she can't believe high school's rolling to an end in a couple months, and she's not ready to stop wearing her cheer uniform. She's the smallest built, meaning she gets to top the triangle. She screams herself hoarse as she watches her boyfriend dribble easily past one of the bigger built boys on the other team. "LET'S GO TIGERS!" She calls from atop, and she hears her squad repeating after her. She gracefully somersaults off of Drew and Rachel, a move that had cost her a broken ankle twice and a sprained wrist one, but had ultimately won them the regionals. The crowd roars when she lands on her feet, and she can't wipe the smile off her face. She leans forward. "COME ON, JACKSON!" She yells. "DO IT FOR THE CELEBRATION!" Percy Jackson straightens up to turn around to grin at Annabeth, and abandons the game to jog over to where she's standing. "I'm holding you to that, babe." He grins at her, before motioning for Jason to pass him the ball. He's wide open, receives the ball easily and dribbles gracefully around the other team and shoots from well outside the D. The crowd is screaming, and Annabeth beams. She's attending MIT next fall, and Percy's just got a response from Amherst College to study music, which means that they're going to be in the same state. She's been spending some time with her dad, lately, and her life seems to finally start coming together. She sees a lot more of Sally and Paul, and she's stopped keeping herself busy just to escape her life. She barely notices when the Tigers win, and is only snapped out of her reverie when her boyfriend is standing in front of her, grinning ear to ear. "Where's my congratulatory present?" He demands, and Annabeth laughs against his lips, because life couldn't get any more perfect. "Good enough?" She teases, and slapping her back lightly. "Even better." He tells her, pulling her in again.