eyebrows. "I don't think so. What gave you… you know what? Nevermind." He shook his head. "Okay, wow. This is getting awkward. Okay," he said again before clearing his throat. "Okay." "That was… three 'okay's already," I noted, mostly because I had no idea how to reply. "Was there anything else you needed, Percy?" He shook his head slowly. "Uh… no. That was about it." "Okay." Word of the day, huh? "Well, if that's all… I'm going to go now." "Yeah. Yeah, sure. Uh, thanks, I guess. For your time." I turned on my heel to start heading towards the doors, but he stopped me before I could even get six steps away. "Uh, Annabeth?" I turned to face him. "Yes, Percy?" "Hi," he said, smiling slightly before waving goodbye. I nodded slowly... quite confused. "Hi." I waved back, before turning away once more for the doors. I turned on my laptop that night only for the previous opened window to pop out. Percy Jackson's – or rather, Percy's – video was left unfinished on my browser. Huh. So he posted this just last night, but the already 300 thousand views proved just how much he was loved all over the world. To play or not to play? My fingers seemed to decide for me. Percy shook his head, laughing. " Anyway, a lot of you guys asked if I could do another Q & A to start off the school year. To be honest I'm more afraid of the questions, but a guy's gotta do what a guy's gotta do." " Alright, " he continued. "So I randomly chose the questions you guys posted on Twitter, although I did personally choose some just because I wanted to answer them. " He chuckled. " Okay, so this first question is from Mikayla, at kaylajackson, from… oh, wow. London. Hi. " The smooth-talker on the video was so much different from the stuttering person I saw today that it was hard to believe they were the same Percy Jackson. " She wants to know: ' have you…-'" He suddenly burst out laughing. "'have you ever dated anyone in your school?' Well, Mikayla, I believe the answer is 'no.' And yeah, before you ask why, let's just say I'm a very romantic person and that I choose to date when I find the right one. Could be you, you never know." Percy topped it off with a wink. I wonder how many girls swooned over that two seconds. That Mikayla girl probably fainted right in front of her computer screen. " Or," he added. "I don't know how to pick up girls, and I stutter a lot when I'm talking to the girl I like. No joke. I'm part loser when it comes to this area." I raised my eyebrow. He has seen his fan club at school, right? " Uh, yeah. This next question comes all the way from Austin, Texas. Cool. From Erica, at glencocofiveever. Hi, Erica!" He beamed, waving. "She asked: ' are there girls in your school who fangirl over you, and what was your craziest encounter with a fan?' Well…" he put on a rather embarrassed face, no doubt thinking about Rachel Dare and her crew. "You could say I have a few fans. " Understatement. " But I've known most of the people here since I was, like, in middle school, so they're cool. We're cool." " As for the other question… okay, um, I guess I've had one person come over to my house, telling my mom that she was my partner for a Biology project or something." Did he just visibly shudder? "She arrived before I did, and I caught her checking out all the stuff inside my room. The next day she posted a picture of my underwear. Good thing nobody really believed her when she said we had some fun one night or whatever." Ah, yes. Calypso's Facebook post that garnered a lot of attention. " Oh, hey, this question's one of those I personally want to answer. It's from Lisa, at notyourserpent, all the way from New York City. Thanks for the question, Lisa. Her question is: 'do you have any goals for this year?'" Percy nodded enthusiastically. " Yes, I do, actually. Uh, one. I want to be awake for every single one of Mrs. Dodds' class. She's my math teacher, and I'm sure she's a nice woman and all – hi, Mrs. Dodds, if ever you're watching this – so I apologize for sleeping in, like, I don't know, seventy five percent of your classes? I'll do good this year, I promise." " Two. I want to stay out of the Principal's Office this year. Yes, Leo, I'm talking to you. You, too, Connor and Travis. I'm serious about this." His eyes turned into tiny slits, making the 'I'm watching you' gesture with his fingers. " And this last one… okay, I'm going to need your help in wishing me luck, guys, because I really think I need all the luck I can get with this one," he sighed. " I think… I'm going to finally initiate a conversation with the girl I like. And I think I'm going to do it tomorrow." And then the world just stopped making sense. End of Chapter One So here is a Percabeth Attempt. :) I've always wanted to write something for this fandom, but I've never really gotten the chance to, considering real life and all. Since I'm just starting to get the hang of this, I decided to make this story short and sweet. Feel free to review on what you thought of it. Suggestions are welcome, too. And if you have any questions, I'm most likely to answer on my Tumblr ask: itsscaryyoke . The link is on my profile, too. Follow my blog if you have a Tumblr account and if you feel like it! Next chapter will be out in a few days :)Thanks for reading! -YJ