a hard punch at his jaw. He backs the blonde man up against the wall, locking his arms so he can't move. "How dare you." He needs to remind himself that killing people is illegal, and, in Annabeth's opinion, inhumane- Meaning she'll never forgive him if he killed Ryan. "How fucking dare you , motherfucker." He settles for punching his nose instead, feeling a sort of sick pleasure at the sound of the other man's cry of pain. "You-" He kicks him in the stomach. "Hit-her." He finishes, accenting each word with a kick. He releases his hold on Ryan, letting him crumple in pain before him. "If I find that you're ever in the same room as her, I'll have you hurt in so many ways." He threatens, aiming one last punch at Ryan's face, sure to give him a black eye before leaving. Annabeth's standing downstairs, a little out of breath, and Percy guesses she ran all the way. She looks up at him, her expression hurt, and Percy shakes his head. "No, don't." He tells her. "Not when someone hurts you." He doesn't want to listen to her talking about how you treat everyone nicely, no matter how terrible they are. She must understand why he's so angry, because she looks like she's going to argue, but closes her mouth and nods tightly. They walk to his car in silence. They don't speak much that night. He insists that she sleeps in his bed, but she tells him she doesn't want him on the couch because of the injury on his back, so they end up getting under the sheets with a safe distance apart that Percy so desperately wants to close. Ten minutes later, he knows she's wide awake, just as he is, and he turns on the lights because he can't handle it any longer. He doesn't know what to say, so he wraps his arm around her and pulls her gently into his bare chest. She doesn't say anything, only silently lets her fingers glide over the swirls on his arms. "This one is my favorite." She tells him softly, and he looks over her head to see her pointing to a little bird in flight, and Percy smiles. He moves his arm a little and carefully raises her t-shirt to expose the slimmest strip of skin at her hip. She's got only two tattoos, he knows, and one is the same bird that they'd gotten a week before she left for college. He traces the cool skin and she curls further into him. He closes his eyes, inhaling the scent of lemons, and he feels her fingers intertwining with his before he's fully asleep. oOo His songs are all about her. He can't stop writing about her. This one in particular, he's really proud of- And generally, Annabeth is the first one to listen to them, but he hesitates this time. What if she finds out? The words are loaded with emotion, and it's deep enough to know that it's meant for someone. It's obvious he's in love with this girl, even to him, and he isn't sure how Annabeth will receive it. He gets around to doing it, eventually, mostly because she annoys him constantly, and when he strums the last of the chords, she's looking at him, lips slightly apart and eyes shining. She smiles softly, and Percy feels his life slow down suddenly. "It's beautiful, Perce." She whispers. "It really, really is." He can tell she means it, and he scratches the back of his neck. "I was wondering, the chorus would sound great with a woman backup, and I know you've got a great voice-" "No way. I'm not a singer." She laughs, but Percy insists until she lets out a sigh. "Alright, fine. If I mess up, you're going to have to find someone good." She looks a him pointedly, and he smirks. They settle into a comfortable silence until she speaks up. "When did this all start, Percy?" She asks him softly. "I don't know." He admits. "I remember this one fourteen year old telling me she thinks I'll be great at this, pushing me to play at a small bar back home, and well, here I am now." He grins. He shows her his ink on his forearm, the one with the word 'Blue' printed neatly, after the bar he'd played at before getting discovered. She beams at him. "I'm so proud of you, Percy." He can't help but pull her into a hug, burying his nose in her neck. "Wouldn't be here without you." oOo It's really clichéd, he knows, but he asks her to marry him on her thirtieth birthday. He has to tell her six times that he isn't joking, that the ring is real platinum, and that he really does love her before she starts taking him seriously. Then she passes out. He laughs a little, but he's not surprised- They never did date, after all. How could she have expected it? He shows her his AC tattoo when she wakes up, and she runs her fingers over it over and over again. He watches her look at it with fascination, until she looks up at him. "Are you sure?" She asks him doubtfully, and if he didn't already know she was in love with him, he'd have definitely backed out of this by now. But his mom's already let the cat out of the bag, and he can't believe he let it go on for so long when he could have had her all those years ago. He nods confidently, and she takes a breath before slipping the ring onto her finger. "Okay, fine, let's get married." She says in three breaths, like she's trying to convince herself. He finally, finally kisses her, after years of waiting, and it's just worth it. That day, he gets a little sun on the nape of his neck, because Annabeth is his sunshine. oOo