you guys worrying about? Annabeth, have you been crying? Jase, relax, man-" He attempts. "You nearly died ." Jason glares at him. "If I wasn't on the phone with you, who knows how long it would have taken for the ambulance to get you?" "You were on the phone when you were driving ?" Annabeth cries, and Percy flinches. "Hey, you guys, I'm sorry. I'm all good, now, I think-" "Percy Jackson." Annabeth moves over so she's standing impossibly close to him. He smells lemons and vanilla and Annabeth, and lets himself relax, even though her voice is anything but relaxing. "You are the world's most infuriating-" "Idiotic-" Jason quips, but is immediately silenced with a look from Annabeth. "Human being. I hate you ." She says, voice breaking seconds before she breaks down into tears. "I thought I'd lost you, and Percy-" "How was your date last night?" It occurs to Percy that maybe that's all they are- Friends, who care deeply for each other. Maybe she doesn't love him back. Maybe, by telling her, he's only messing it up. Maybe she's happier without him. He realizes then that, no matter how desperately he wants to tell her, to hold her and to be able to love her, he'd give it all up for her happiness. It is, after all, what she wants the most in her life, and what kind of a person would he be if he were to stop her from having it? She's looking at him like he'd just asked her what her poop tastes like. " What ?" "You know, yesterday. Last night. You had a date. How'd it go?" "I said I was busy." She looks confused. "I spent the night with Silena, if you must know." She admits, cheeks coloring slightly. Percy doesn't know why he feels like the weight of the world was just lifted off his shoulders. He can't help but smile at her. "So you didn't go on a date?" He asks, and she frowns. "No? I broke up with my boyfriend of three years." She whispers, expression melting into a slight pout, eyes pooling again. She wipes furiously at her face. "Only date I needed was with some chardonnay." Okay, now he feels a little like a jerk. Almost like he can hear his thoughts, Jason pipes up. "Told you you were a dick." "You're always around me when I don't want you to be. Go away." Percy tells him, and Jason gives him a thumbs up and a pat on the shoulder that nearly kills him. Percy grits his teeth to stop himself from screaming. "You kids be good." Jason calls from the door. "I'm getting myself some food. God knows I need it." Percy watches him leave, before looking back up at Annabeth, who seems to be deliberately ignoring his gaze. "Hi." He says quietly, reaching out to hold her hand. Being able to touch her feels like going home to his mom's freshly baked cookies. He nearly sighs in happiness. "Hi." She breathes. "Um, I was actually headed down to meet you." He wishes he could say he wasn't blushing, and not be lying. "Jason told me." Annabeth says, sitting down on the bed beside him. He reaches out to tuck a strand of her hair behind her ear, and she closes her eyes, leaning into is touch. He takes the liberty to straighten out her bangs, which are all over her forehead and falling into her eyes. She draws back slightly. "Before you tell me what you wanted to talk about," She starts, taking a breath. "I've been thinking, and, well, I know that I'm the one who said we should call it quits, but- No, wait. Hear me out." She starts talking faster when Percy opens his mouth. "I still have some very strong feelings for you, and it's not going to be easy for me to be your friend. I need some time, and-" She falters. "Annabeth, listen to me." Percy takes her hand in both of his. "I did a really stupid thing yesterday, let's not get into the details- No, don't give me that look, I don't want to talk about it. Anyway, I realized something really important." He takes a deep breath. "I love you." He says, drawing each word out. "I have for years now, I just didn't realize it. I don't want this to end. I want to be with you, maybe marry you some day, if you're down for that, because if you aren't, I mean it's totally cool-" "I love you too." It's a hushed whisper, and her eyes are watering and she looks like a really emotional corpse and he probably looks like a very sensitive ghost, but it's kind of perfect. "I don't know what came over me, I just- I spent all day crying to Silena, and then I don't know if I'll ever be able to see you again, and Percy Jackson you scared me ." She reaches out. Poking him in the stomach. "And I love you. It took too long, I don't want to mess this up,-" "You guys are such freaks." Jason's voice cuts her off from the door. "Stop rambling and just kiss." Annabeth smiles, leaning over him and taking his lips in hers. He lets himself enjoy the feeling of her hair tickling his face, the taste of her lips against his, the smell of her around him, before wrapping his good arm around her waist and pulling her so she's lying on him. His shoulder is screaming in pain, but he mutes it out like he does Jason's complaints on how they're both 'So sickeningly in love' and 'need to grow some balls' and 'stop talking so much and learn how to communicate their emotions'. He kisses her back slowly, happily, and can feel her smiling into his lips as he bites gently on her bottom lip. " I said kiss, not make out ."