wound my ego, annabeth. here i am trying to be sweet to you, but nooo. you like to make fun of me :( Annabeth Chase : Hahaha Percy Jackson : meanie :p Annabeth Chase : Oh, you love me. Anyway, about Piper. Percy Jackson : what about piper? Annabeth Chase : She wants you to join us at the bar tonight. Do you want to go? Jason's probably going to be there, too, so you won't be stuck with a bunch of girls. Percy Jackson : as long as you're there. when and what time? A few nights later the four of them – Annabeth, Percy, Piper, and Jason – met up at what Percy already considered his favorite bar. A few drinks later Piper insisted that Annabeth and Percy both pose for their first photo together. She wasted no time in uploading the photo and tagging the both of them. Percy changed his profile picture to that legendary first photo, too. And his friends were going absolutely nuts when they found out he had a lady friend. 8 The first time Annabeth invited Percy over for a movie night, he insisted on picking the film to watch. She didn't complain. She was too exhausted from her internship that she just wanted to lie down and be right next to Percy. They were sprawled out on the floor on Percy's pillow fort. They were sitting with their legs stretched, shoulder to shoulder. Hesitantly, Percy threw his arm around her shoulders. She was too tired to even blush. She snuggled onto his side immediately. Besides, they have hugged before. Finding Nemo was playing on the screen. Percy provided another fun fact about himself by stating that this was his favorite movie of all time. She smiled, but her eyes were already droopy. Her eyes had already started closing. That was when she felt his lips on her forehead. A "Sweet dreams, Annabeth," from Percy and a "He touched the butt" from the movie were the last things she heard before she drifted off to sleep. The next morning, she woke up to see that they both fell asleep on the floor. Percy was snoring beside her, and she couldn't help but smile. Slowly, she pressed a kiss on the top of his head. He stirred a little, but he only muttered something like "lemon" before falling back asleep. If Annabeth thought he was adorable before… she didn't know what to describe the intensity of her feelings now. She didn't want to get up yet, especially since Percy had his arm around her. She grabbed her phone nearby instead, and went online to check her news feed for the day. She was surprised when she found the following activity: Percy Jackson posted a status: I am the luckiest man alive And after that, in a manner that was so Percy: Percy Jackson posted a status: weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee 9 Annabeth knew that it was going to be a good night when she stepped out of the building where she was interning at, and saw Percy waiting outside for her. "What are you doing here?" She asked suspiciously but she was grinning. After an exhausting day, he was just what she needed. He held out his arms for her, and she hugged him eagerly. "I was thinking of grabbing dinner together. And then, you know, stopping by your apartment and watching a movie together." They were becoming fond of movie nights every Friday. With her busy schedule, this was really the only time they could hang out. Maybe waking up right next to each other was just a lovely bonus to their already strong (yet unlabelled) relationship. "Sounds perfect," she said. Two hours later they were already laughing as they attempted the recreate their pillow fort. The Social Network was playing in the background, since they both thought it was funny that they should indulge into more Facebook-related stuff since it was sort of their thing. Annabeth was already settling comfortably to what was going to be another usual Friday night for both of them, when Percy decided to change the course of what was becoming a lovely monotone. "Annabeth?" Percy murmured. Her eyes were still on the movie, but she held his hand to let him know that she was listening. "Yeah?" "This is going to sound stupid… but I'm really glad I had the courage to send you that friend request that day." Oh, her attention definitely wasn't on the movie anymore. She shifted her gaze so that she was looking at him, and she nearly squeaked at the proximity of their faces. If he leaned in, he would already be… She chuckled nervously. "And I'm really glad I wasn't being a loser and said yes when you asked me out." "You're really beautiful, even if you threatened to kill me once." She laughed. "I told you: knowing my name was dangerous!" "I also really like you. A lot." That shut her up. "No, Annabeth." He shook his head. "I don't just like you. I'm falling in love with you and I'm not even going to deny it." He continued. "I just…" He adjusted his position on the floor so that his body was facing hers. "I can't take it anymore." And with that he pressed his lips onto Annabeth's. And they might have ignored the movie and left the television on for the rest of the night. (And they might have been kissing and tuning out the rest of the world, because, let's face it: they've wanted to do that for a long time now.) Okay, so they may have taken a break, but only to adjust one little thing on their Facebook profiles. Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase are in a relationship. End. A/N: What did you guys think? Leave me a review if you have any questions or criticisms! I was planning on making a Twitter version for this, but I'm not sure yet. Thank you for reading! -orangebows/ YJ