neck, and her lips are moving against his smoothly. They're synchronized, because they've been doing this for years, and Percy can taste her strawberry Chapstick as her moth slants against his, and he feels like he's flying. He closes his eyes, cupping her face and kissing her back dreamily. He feels like he did when they were seventeen and he kissed her for the first time and she kissed him back and he swears he's never been happier. He trails kisses down her jaw before going back to her lips, and it's familiar and home and Annabeth and he decides there's nothing in the world he needs if he's got this. When he draws back, he smiles softly at her, and holds out his hand showing her his lightning tattoo. She traces it lightly, and he buries his face in her hair. "Still feels like back then." He mumbles, and he can hear her laughing lightly. oOo Percy's tuxedo is really hot on a bright, sunny day. He fiddles with his tie until he catches his mother's eye in the front, and she's flashing him a playful glare, but the message is clear- To stop before she loses the playfulness. He smoothens the tie, and Grover, his best friend, laughs from behind him. He turns around to Grover, brows raised in question. "Calm down, Perce. It's not really all that hot. This is New York." Percy glares at his best friend, but cracks a grin anyway. "Whatever. I'm calm. Totally fine." There's a cool breeze that ruffles Percy's carefully styled hair, and he gives up, running a hand through his hair. He looks around at the guests, all speaking cheerily among themselves. He catches Piper's eye from somewhere in the third row, and she winks at him, signaling a thumbs up, and he beams at her. He sees Paul and his mom sitting in the front row and he doesn't think he's ever seen his mom look happier. Even his dad had taken the time off his busy schedule and was seated somewhere out the back with Percy's uncle, Thalia's dad. He can see Annabeth's brother, Malcolm, speaking lightly with Travis and Connor Stoll, and he spots Clarisse press a quick kiss against Chris' lips. Just then the music starts and there's a hush over the entire venue, people sitting down and falling into a silence as the bridal march plays. Cara, who's Malcolm's six year old daughter, skips through first, spraying flower petals happily. She reaches the altar and gives Percy a quick hug before bouncing off to her mom. Silena and Juniper follow, and Percy sucks in a breath when Thalia comes in, because she's the maid of honor, meaning- Percy can't breathe. He really, really can't breathe. He watches Dr. Chase walk his daughter down the aisle, and Percy needs a moment to drink in the fact that he's here, on the altar, and he's going to marry this beautiful woman who's positively glowing in her wedding gown. She beams at him as Dr. Chase presses a kiss to her cheek before taking is seat, and Percy realizes he hasn't taken a breath since he laid eyes on her. He tries to take in as much oxygen as he can without looking like he's choking, still unable to stop staring at Annabeth. "Hi." She smiles. "Hi." He breathes, interlacing his fingers through hers as the priest begins the ceremony. He doesn't listen to a word being spoken, because his fiancée-to-be-wife is standing before him in a white dress that trails behind her with just the right amount of silver embellishment around it. She's wearing a tiara to hold her veil in place, and it's got little sapphires on it, and he knows that his mom had worn it when she married Paul, and his dad, and it had been a Jackson family tradition. Annabeth stands a little taller- almost his height- and her smile doesn't falter through the entire ceremony. "Do you have your oaths prepared?" The priest asks, snapping Percy out of his reverie, and he lets Annabeth go first. He regrets it later because it was short but still brought out a whole lot of emotion in him, making it hard for him to go on. "Percy?" Signals his turn. He takes a breath before pulling out his vows. "Things fall apart at some point of time." He reads slowly. "And that's a fact. Life isn't going to be perfect, and there's going to be times when you'll want to get as far away as possible. There's going to be good times and bad, and I just want you to know that I'll be there. I'll wait for you forever, if that's what you want, Annabeth." He looks up at her shyly. "I can't promise not to break anything- We both know how serious a promise is, and I don't want to let you down- but I can promise that I'll put it back together, no matter what." He doesn't say her heart because he doesn't want to revisit the dark days from three years ago. "Do you, Percy Jackson, take Annabeth to be your lawfully wedded wife, for better or worse?" Percy's still basking in the shine in Annabeth's eyes, knowing fully well that he's the one who put it there, so when he answers, his voice sounds far away. "I do." "Do you, Annabeth Chase-" "I do." Annabeth cuts him off, and before Percy knows what's happening, he stumbles back when Annabeth throws herself at him. He can't stop laughing into the kiss, and he can feel her chest move in laughter, too. He thinks he can hear their guests laughing, but he doesn't care. She pulls away, giggling as she wraps her arms around his waist, and he kisses the top of her head. He finds Piper smirking at him before opening her mouth, and Percy's already embarrassed by what she's going to say. "And that's how you got the girl." oOo