that. He hears her cry for help, and doesn't dare look around, instead heading straight to his chambers to wipe away his tears. He doesn't go back there until Artemis saves her. He wants to celebrate this little victory with the rest of his army, but he can't bring himself to smile. He sits beside Annabeth, feeding her nectar when he's sure nobody's watching, but she's so exhausted, she doesn't wake up for nearly three days. He's terrified that he's lost her, but she stirs one day, and before he can react, Atlas is ordering for her to be tied and gagged. Luke is almost happy to see Thalia, glaring at him, eyes filled with pure, unadulterated hatred, and he feels a pang in his chest, but she's attacking him almost immediately, and he barely has time to feel bad about the betrayal because he's fighting for his life. He'd almost forgotten how good she is, and he feels a little guilty for enjoying the combat. Somewhere, Annabeth's crying for them to stop, but he can barely hear her, blood rushing in his ears. And then, Backbiter clatters to the ground, and Thalia's spear is pointed at his throat, her eyes shining murderously, and he's afraid for his life. Annabeth's sobs echo from somewhere around, begging for them to stop, and he realizes that the only way to get out of this alive is to fight Thalia away, to escape and figure something out. Without thinking, he grabs for her spear, the same moment he feels something against his stomach, and he's falling, and he thinks that maybe Annabeth's screams are the last thing he'll ever hear. He's so sorry, so sorry for breaking his promise. oOo He loathes Percy Jackson. Luke knows that a lot of his emotions are actually Kronos, he sees his nemesis, and gods , he wants to run his sword through the guy's guts. He sees the way he looks at Annabeth, like she's his sun and moon, but she's so much more . Luke knows he's got no right to say that anymore, but he can't help it. He knew it when he knocked on her door, too. She'd grown up, she'd realized that he was wrong, and she'd made the right decisions. It was because of her, really, that he knew he had to go back. He couldn't run away from his problems, but he could definitely own up to them, maybe even set them right. In a lot of ways, he's proud of Annabeth. She's grown to be the greatest young woman he'd ever met, and he feels his heart burst with joy as he watches Percy fight in the cage. He doesn't care much for the boy, but he sees Annabeth, standing away, hands over her mouth and looking terrified, and he understands- She's unlike him, or even Thalia. She felt. She was sensitive, and she had real emotions, and she's filled with kindness and forgiveness and love, and he doesn't think it's something either of them could have taught her. Only Percy Jackson could have shown her that, because only he had ever been recipient to it. For that, Luke is slightly thankful to the boy, thinking that maybe his mess-ups didn't necessarily have to define her. oOo He doesn't know how long he's blacked out, but he catches the shortest glimpse of Annabeth flying backwards and landing on the floor, her forehead spilt open and blood dripping into her eyes, coloring her bangs, and he finds the strength to fight back the power that's taking over his entire body. "Annabeth." He gasps. She looks up at him, and he sees a deep cut along her cheekbone and a bruise near her jaw. Her clothes are in tatters, and he can see flashes of a pink bra through the rips. Her shorts are hanging in shreds around her hips, showing scars and cuts all over her legs. He feels himself being blocked out before he can say anything more, but seeing her in so much pain gives him the energy to keep fighting. When he's controlling his body again, he hears a broken croak. "Family, Luke." He wants to rip his heart out at the sound, at the sight of Annabeth staggering towards him, dagger hanging loosely in her hand. He looks down at it, and the way she looks broken, and it's then that he understands what he has to do. Cursed blade . She drops to her knees beside him, and his hands are twitching as Kronos tries to gain power over him again "You promised." To keep her safe. To see her happy. He needs her to be okay. To be better than okay, to be treated like a goddess. She deserves the universe and more. "You're hurt." He says, swallowing down Kronos' voice. Jackson hesitates with the knife, and Luke closes his eyes when he stabs himself. He can't bear to see Annabeth's face when he kills himself. Almost immediately, he feels lighter. He's not fighting anyone anymore, and he can almost believe he'll make it through. Of course, he knows that's a lie, and that he's got seconds before it's his time. He looks up at what he thinks was the most precious thing in his life. She looks like she's trying not to cry, and he risks a glance at Percy, who's looking at Annabeth like he can't believe he's still alive. Like she's still alive, and he thinks that maybe the Jackson kid isn't too bad, after all. He has so much to say, and so little time, so he only says what he knows won't make Annabeth cry. He wants to kiss her forehead one last time, but after all he's done, he knows that he doesn't deserve that kind of intimacy, so he lets the darkness consume him. And as he feels his soul fade slowly, he feels strangely elated, because in the end, he did it. He kept his promise.