set of clothes. His hoodie barely sits on her shoulders, and her arms only extend a little over half way to the end of the sleeve, but she doesn't compain, because really, it's all she's got. Percy's shrugged on his jacket, and she slips her feet into her sandals, and they're good to go. She lets him order her dinner, too, because she really can't think enough to read through the menu, and watches in fascination as Percy talks about work. He's gesturing wildly and smiling and laughing, and it strikes her then that her feeling towards him might be a little more romantic than she'd thought. It's a scene out of a movie, but she can't stop her mind from wandering a little. She decides she's felt this way about Percy for too long for it to be a crush, but finds that this new revelation is hardly something that bothers her. She's content with having Percy in her life- She doesn't really think it would affect them in any way, and she decides she doesn't care. "I want a cookie." She tells him finally when he's done talking, and he blinks at her. "What?" "Cookie. Brownie. I want something." She moans, resting her face on the table. She isn't really sure why she's saying it, but she can't think. Her body is sore, her back hurts and she feels really dizzy- All before she even got to her first drink, which is going to be a lemonade, as per Percy's order. She's just so sleepy, she wants to curl into a ball and wake up three days later. She voices this to Percy, who frowns slightly at her. "Annabeth, wake up." He shakes her arm. "You have to get some food in you. Wake up." Her stomach lets out a large rumble that, thankfully, is drowned in the music, and loud crowd. Just then, the waitress comes in, laying out their food for them with a strained smile, and Annabeth can't help but feel sorry for her. "Tough day?" She asks sleepily, and the waitress rolls her eyes. "Doesn't even begin to cover it. You look pretty tirrd yourself." She nods at her, and Annabeth scowls at Percy. "It was this idiot's idea." She glares at him, and he only laughs, putting his arms up in surrender. "She just drove down from Ohio. Excuse her crabbiness." He grins at the waitress, who scowls at Percy too. "Why would you subject her to that?" She seems to remember then that they were her customers, because she claps her hand over her mouth, eyes going wide. "I'm so sorry. I didn't mean- Oh, I'm so sorry!" She turns on her heel, and Annabeth laughs. "Pleasure talking with you!" She calls, but the other woman's already gone. Percy grins proudly at her. "She was totally flirting with me." He announces, and there's so many things Annabeth wants to say that she can't, so she digs into her chicken instead. The next day, they get a bigger, better balanced breakfast before they head off again. Percy's at the wheel, as promised, and Annabeth props her lets up on the dashboard, ignoring Percy's protests of 'Respect Natasha, get your filthy feet off her!' The hood is lowered, and she feels the wind in her hair again. She's gotten really comfortable in the car over the past two days, so she leans her seat back and curls up on her side. Percy absently reaches out and strokes her hair, and she smiles into her curls. "Uh, Annabeth?" His voice is strained, which isn't something she hears often, so she looks up. His jaw is set and he's glaring at the road, so she sits up, crossing her legs over and turning to face him. "What's up?" "There's something I've been meaning to ask you." He stutters slightly, something that doesn't go unnoticed by her. She waits for him to go on. "I, uh, you want to go get coffee?" She shrugs. "Yeah, sure. Do you want me to search for a nearby Starbucks, or something?" She asks. She hates Starbucks from the bottom of her heart, but it's just one more of those things she and Percy can't agree on, so she decides she'll bite first this time. Only because he looks so worried about it. "No, I meant, sometime." He says, sparing a glance at her. She frowns. "Not now?" "Oh my god, Annabeth. You're so stupid sometimes." He breathes out. "Eh?" "Do you want to be my girlfriend, fuckwit?" His voice is so exasperated, like he'd asked her a million times and she'd missed it- Which isn't true, in reality; he'd only asked twice. Annabeth blinks at him, because she can't be sure she's hearing it right. "Eh?" She repeats dumbly. Percy pulls over then, turns to her, cups her face in his hands and kisses her. Fireworks are exploding in her stomach and she can't see anything and there's so many stars and good lord, it's a scene out of a Nicholas Sparks novel. She lets out a shaky breath when he draws back. "Uh, yeah." She says in a daze. She's not really surprised by the fact that he'd just asked her out, or even kissed her- It was more because of the way kissing him made her feel. It wasn't something she'd ever experienced before- She felt confident, like she could take on the world, and also strangely humbled. She felt indestructible and also really delicate. She can't fully put into words what Percy makes her feel, but if she had to try, she'd say good. Percy made her feel good about herself, and really, that's all she can ask for. She tries to bite her lip to stop the smile from growing, and she can hear Percy laughing. "You're so annoying." He tells her, reaching out to hold her hand. "You're one to talk, Seaweed Brain." It's a weak comeback, she knows, but can you blame a girl?