had been dying all day long, because she knew Percy was back in her- their- apartment, and she'd been ignoring his calls and texts for three days, and she didn't know what was going to happen. She felt worse than she did before, because she knew he was right there, and she didn't know what was going to happen. "Annabeth, put the brush down." Rachel tells her, guiding her arm down anyway. "Look, you can't run away from it forever. If you don't go back there, he'll come looking for you. Do you really want your rock star boyfriend in a school filled with hormonal teenagers?" Annabeth considers it. Their relationship is in no way secret, but she'd made it clear that the school was absolutely out of bounds for Percy- It was her workplace, and she couldn't have her students running out of her class to squeal over him. To their credit, the students only asked her questions about him rarely, but she didn't want to put them to test. "Guess you're right." She gets off the floor quietly, leaving the room without as much as a goodbye. oOo The drive home was long, and when she got in, there was no sign of Percy. She decided to cancel out classes at the studio for the day, telling them they deserved their Friday off. She curls up in her bed that smells like Percy, ignoring the suitcase standing beside it. Her eyes beg to close- She'd spent too many nights wide awake, working at the studio on her routines. She let them flutter close. She wakes up to a pair of eyes green as grass staring back at her, and she nearly screams. There's an arm loosely wrapped around her wrist, and she's going to slap the man holding her but her brain starts to work, and she's got her arms wrapped around his neck. She closes her eyes, breathing in his musky scent and trying to memorize the texture of his hair. She runs her fingers along the edges of his undercut, and tangles them in his hair. She draws back, looks up at him, and he's giving her the smile that makes her feel like she's grown wings. He's wrapped his arms around her waist, and he's pulling her gently closer to him, and he stops when their lips are centimeters away. She can almost taste his lips, and she's craving to close the gap. He leans his forehead against hers. "Hi." He breathes, and good lord, Annabeth can't breathe because he's here , and he's holding her and she can see him and he's back home with her. "Hi." She tells him seconds before he closes the gap between their lips. He kisses her slowly, carefully, like he's afraid of breaking her. She pushes herself closer to him because she doesn't think she can ever be close enough to Percy. His kiss is passionate and slow, like he's got all the time in the world, and he just wants to feel her lips under his. He moves on to kiss down her jaw, her neck, collarbone and he draws back, looking down at her with that damn smile that sends all kinds of emotions through her body. "I really missed you." He tells her. "Were you late from school today? Nearly drove down there myself." She laughs a little at that, and decides to just nod. "Where were you when I got home?" "Honey, we're out of meat." His tone is flat and Annabeth swears she isn't crying when she answers. "I'm vegetarian." "I know." He presses a kiss to her temple and they both fall back onto the bed. Percy pulls her close to his chest, and she can't help but feel like that's where she belongs. She feels whole, complete. It wasn't like she was dysfunctional without Percy, no. It's just that with him, she feels better. She thinks it's just something that varies from person to person. Like how Rachel works best alone, or Reyna works best against Octavian. They cuddle in silence for a while, and Annabeth's still soaking up his presence when he speaks. "Want to tell me why you've been avoiding me?" She looks up at him, and his voice is calm, but his eyes look conflicted. "Want to tell me about the hiatus?" She fires back, although there's no venom in her voice. She's drawing patterns on his wrist, but her question is loaded. Why didn't you tell me? What's wrong? "It's just two years, babe." Annabeth flinches. She hated when Percy called her that, but she didn't tell him because she didn't want to hurt him. "Sorry, MTV didn't mention that." She deadpans. Percy blushes. "It's just because everyone missed you." He tells her, and she frowns because she doesn't quite understand. "We decided to take a break, and the media blew it out of proportions. I want to spend more time with you, and the guys miss hanging out as just friends, and it's all too much, you know? We decided to just step back for a while." Annabeth nods, because she thinks it's understandable, but she's still a little hurt that they didn't tell her. "Why didn't you tell me?" "We tried-" "Before you told MTV." She adds quietly, and Percy seems to be at a loss for words. "It's just a lot of things that happened at once, and- I'm so sorry, Annabeth." He's pulling her closer, and Annabeth can't push him away. He's her biggest weakness and she molds into him, pressing her lips against his jaw. "I love you so much." He mumbles, and she hums against his neck. "I love you." She tells him, and she means it. A/N: There's some of you asking for updates, and I just wanted to let you guys know that there will be no more updates, it's a one-shot. However, there's bound to be a lot more that I post, so keep your eyes open! xx