back for good." He laughs weakly, and she's about to suggest they go to Dr. Griffith, but he holds his hand up. "I'll be fine. You're still weaker than me, Chase." He grins sideways at her, and she feels her heart flutter slightly. "I found you because I kind of followed you." He says sheepishly. "I mean, I couldn't sleep, and saw you leave home- And it's an odd time to be out- I just had to follow the weird footsteps with one human and one bear print." He nods to the cast. It's supposed to be out any week now, and Annabeth's excited about being able to see her foot again. "Answer all your questions?" He asks, and she nods silently. "You couldn't sleep either?" Percy shakes his head. "I don't know- I've just been thinking a lot." "About what?" She asks quietly, taking the liberty to rest her head on his shoulder. He's wearing a parka and a scarf, but she thinks he's still in his pajamas underneath that. He wraps his arm around her shoulders. "Stuff." He tells her vaguely. He pauses for a minute. "Actually, it's something I want to talk to you about." She looks up at him. "You can tell me anything, Perce." She assures him, knowing fully well that she isn't giving him any new information. He smileslike he appreciates her words, even if they didn't change a thing. "I know. It's hard to say, though." He says. "It's just- About, well, us." "Us?" She asks, and he nods. He knows, then. He knows that she struggles every day with her feelings for him, and he thinks it's better for them to stop being friends. "Yeah. Uh, it's just- I mean, you mean a lot to me." He's trying to soften the blow, but it's already breaking her heart. "I think you're really smart. And nice. And you're definitely the prettiest girl in school." Despite her misery, she snorts. He's terrible at this, but he goes on rambling. "Like, really pretty. You have these eyes-" He points to her eyes like she wouldn't have figured out what he meant if he hadn't. "They're so, like, big. And pretty. I really like your hair." He plays with one strand. "Percy," She exhales slowly. "Just spit it out." "Bottom line is, I like you. A lot." He gets out, and she blinks. That's definitely not something she was expecting. She blinks some more at him. "You- Like me?" She repeats slowly, and he nods, looking like he's going to up and run any moment now. "A lot. Like, a lot. For a while now- Okay, a while is an underestimation. Since eighth grade when you wore a bra to school. Actually, that sounds bad I think it was seventh grade, when you were too scared to ride the roller coaster and did it anyway and nearly peeled off the skin on my arms and then threw up- No wait, I didn't fall in love with you when you barfed, that's gross- but I think I did-" "Fell in love with me?" Annabeth repeats weakly, and his eyes widen. "Did I say love? I meant like. I fell deeply-" He pauses. "In like with you." He cringes, and she hopes it means he realizes how weird that sounds. "Okay," Annabeth takes a deep breath. She feels weirdly dizzy. "I'm in a dream." She tells him. He looks panicked. "Oh, no! You're not! I mean, if you want to pretend this never happened- yes. Then. You're dreaming. I don't want to mess anything up! Oh, I knew I shouldn't have, but I've had your Christmas present for nearly a month and I have to give it to you and it doesn't make sense unless-" "You really like me?" "I think I want to take back what I said." He stammers. "If we're ignoring it anyway, I- I think I'm in love with you?" Is comes out as a question, and Annabeth nods. Suddenly, even the snow is too hot. "Seriously?" "I'm sorry." "I might be in love with you." The words are a lot easier to get out than she expected. Percy doesn't move for a moment, eyes wide in shock. His lips slowly mouth words then, but no sound comes out. Finally, he says, "You're joking." A crazed bubble of laughter rises up her throat. She can't stop herself from laughing manically. "Not one bit." She squeals, and Percy's laughing to. "No way!" He cries, and she laughs into his chest, nodding over and over again. "I swear to god." "This is crazy." He stops laughing, gaze flickering from her eyes to her lips. And then he kisses her, and she feels like she's fixed the last piece of a puzzle. Everything, every moment of her whole life, comes together to form a huge, beautiful picture. The world is suddenly in high definition. There's fireworks behind her eyelids and butterflies in her stomach. She can taste Percy's toothpaste and her own raspberry lip balm, and- Everything is perfect . She smiles against his lips, hooking her arms around his neck. He pulls her closer to him so she's sitting on his lap, and deepens the kiss. When he draws back, she needs a second to come back to her senses. "Wow." She finally says. "Wow." Percy agrees. They sit in silence for a while, in complete awe of what just happened, at five in the morning on a pavement. Finally she looks up to him. "What'd you get for me for Christmas?" In the dim light, color tinges his cheeks. "It's a ring." He admits. She's about to protest, but he continues. "It was supposed to be like, a best friendship promise ring, but I came to your place to give it to you, and- I didn't want you to be my best friend, and- I was just really confused." "You're a weirdo." She smiles. "So are you." He argues, and well, that's tough to argue.