always been. I plan because that's how I deal with stress." She reaches over to the bookshelf over her bed, and grabs what Piper recognizes as her organizer. She flips through it, opening up a page with her neat handwriting printed across it. It's her plans for the future- Structural engineering at Standford after which there's Architecture at MIT. There's a bunch of architectural firm names scrawled under it. "This is my plan for today. Tomorrow, that might change. I might decide I want to be a call girl, and when I do, I'll plan the next ten years of that life. I don't have a firm plan, either." She admits, putting away the organizer. "Not knowing is perfectly fine. It's healthy, even." Piper lets that sink in. "I don't want high school to end. I don't want you to move so far away." "Pipes." Annabeth looks sadly at her. "We have a month of school left. It's happening." She says gently. "The world isn't waiting for you. If you want to take over, there's no time like now." Piper stays silent. "There's no other option." oOo The entire school's abuzz again, and it's because Annabeth Chase is going to prom with the weird punk kid, Percy Jackson. (They're just friends, though.) Piper wants to call bullshit, but she doesn't want to ruin their relationship (balancing stupidly between friendship and something more because they're both too dumb to realize how much the other likes them) so she keeps her mouth shut. Jason asked her over chemistry the other day, and she was only too happy to say yes, of course. Her heels are killing her and she wonders how Annabeth walks in these everyday as she stomps around the gym, searching for her best friend. Jason's not too far behind her, as is most of their classmates. She'd asked almost everyone she met if they'd seen Annabeth Chase, and they'd all been only too happy to help her in her search. She opened the doors to the swimming pool to see Percy and Annabeth sat at the edge, their legs dangling into the pool. Their voices echo through the walls, and most of their friends pile over each other to try to catch the words. "What I'm trying to say, is" Percy's saying. He sounds nervous, which is so different from the usual, cocky Percy Jackson she'd come to know and (grudgingly) love. "You're special, and you hold a special place in my heart, and-" he gives up at this point, and Piper sees him cup Annabeth's face and lean forward and kiss her. It's short lived, of course, because Clarisse bursts through the doors, causing the rest of them to stumble in. "About goddamn time." She announces, and, as if rehearsed, she, along with the Stoll brothers push the two of them into the pool. They resurface, laughing, Annabeth's dress floating up around her. Piper struggles to the front. "Took you long enough, weirdos. Now, get out." She holds out her hand, only for Percy to pull her in with a laugh. Soon enough, their entire circle of friends are in the pool in their dresses and tuxedos, laughing and splashing at each other. Piper sees Percy press a kiss on Annabeth's lips in the corner, and Leo jump onto Hazel's back, and Connor dunk Beckendorf underwater, and she can feel the tears form in her eyes. It's at that moment that she knows she's ready. She's going to move on, bravely into the future, because what she has here is something she can always return to. Something permanent- Friends she's going to have for life. She realizes then that with them by her side, she can take on the world, any time, any day. oOo Twelve years of dating later, they decide to have a poolside wedding, which is the greatest and dumbest idea Piper's ever heard. She's maid of honor because of course she is , and the wedding is small and fun and the bride is beautiful and it's what dreams are made of. All her friends from school attend, and it's a familiar sight to have them all goofing about in a large pool, some with their partners and kids, and she feels content. These aren't the people she left behind all those years ago- These are the people she's held onto. She feels someone's arm snake around her waist, and turns to find the bride herself, looking like the model she is, in her blue and silver bikini. "What are you thinking about?" Annabeth asks, and Piper grins. "About how you went to college to do engineering and came out with one in fashion designing." "Very funny." Annabeth laughs. "I love you, Pipes. Thanks for everything." She grins. "Thank me again and I'll have to stop speaking to you." Things turned out better than great, really. Piper decided to go to Florida, after all, and dropped out of college in her junior year to take up professional surfing, a decision she'd never be able to regret. Annabeth, who had started modeling in her freshman year at college, fell in love, and decided to take it up as a career, but because she was Annabeth, which is why the supermodel refused to leave Yale without a backup plan, which is why she'd majored in fashion design. Percy's 'passion', too seemed to be paying off- He'd gotten signed onto a huge record label a couple of years ago and his career has only skyrocketed. Jason, who Piper had dated for a while before college, was now a lawyer, proving that some plans are meant to be followed through. The three of them were her best friends, and she doesn't know where she'd be without them, but she doesn't dwell on the what ifs anymore. She doesn't worry about the future and doesn't fret about the past because this is her life. And, like a very wise cheerleader had once told her, There's no time like now.