"Of course she's going to stay here with her family" Athena said to Asteria with a small grin. Asteria looks at her sister noticing the sad expression on her face. Looks like I'll have to share him with her. "So?" She asks her. Artemis bites her bottom lip a few times before answering Asteria. "I choose to follow my heart" She said to her sister with a small smile. Asteria nodded at her sister before covering her ears. "3, 2, 1" She counted down to zero. "Awww my new favorite ship Pertemis is sailing" Aphrodite squealed even louder than the other two times. "Pertemis?" Artemis asks tilting her head to the side. "Yes between you and Perseus" Aphrodite said to the moon goddess with a small grin. Artemis nodded at the love goddess. "You know that you'll have to share him with three others right?" Aphrodite asked Artemis with a small smile. "Yes with my two sisters and Zoe" Artemis said nodding at the love goddess. Aphrodite nods at her. "Yes, but you and her will have a lot of making up to do while Asteria and Zoe are on Percy's good side already" She said to her with an encouraging smile. "Yes I know" Artemis said to her sadly. "Well you have a lot of time before he comes out of Tartarus" Aphrodite said to her softly. Strangely the hunters didn't say anything about Artemis admit falling in love with Perseus. They were busy thinking of ways to survive his rage. "What about us Milady?" A random hunter asked Artemis with a small frown. Artemis flinched a bit at what one of her hunters just asked her. "I'll try to convince Percy to let all of you survive, but you might have stop being man haters or kill them. The hunt might have to change and let abused boys in." She said to the hunter with a small frown as she remembered what Percy told her about his step-dad. Some of the younger hunters actually didn't mind having boys in the hunt as long as they were nice. The older ones however didn't like the idea at all. "I wouldn't mind having a big brother or little one" A young hunter said excitedly. "But Milady we can't let any boys into the hunt." Pheobe said to her patron angrily. Artemis sighs a bit at one of her oldest hunters. "I'm sorry Pheobe, but I can't do anything about it unless you prefer to die" She said to her with a small frown. Pheobe opens her mouth before closing it. She couldn't say anything to her patron since she would prefer to stay alive. "Fine Milady I'll tolerate the boys, but if they do something bad I'll kill them" She said to the moon goddess with a small frown. Artemis nods at her hunter. "Meeting adjourned" Zeus said as he slams his master bolt on the ground. He flashes away from the throne room. The other gods flash away along with their children leaving only Artemis and Asteria along with Thalia since she wanted to stay with the two goddesses that she'll have to share Percy with. "So it's only us three now" Thalia said to her sisters. "Yes, but I guess we should start trying to train the hunters in being nice to boys." Artemis said to her Lieutenant with a strained smile. She knows that it will be hard, but she wants Percy to see that she'll do anything for him to forgive her. Thalia nods at her sister. "Maybe we could show them males being abused or have their heart broken by females" She suggests to her patron. Asteria listens to her two sisters talking about ways to turn the hunters nice. "Well I'm going to go rest until morning" She said to her sisters before flashing away from the throne room. Tartarus While the gods were talking about the prophecy, Percy was fighting monsters using a strange black sword that he found when he woke up from unconsciousness. He felt strange using the sword at first, but he started to get used to it the more he killed monsters. Each monster he killed with the sword, he imagined an Olympian or a demigod especially Artemis and Thalia. He walks through Tartarus and slay monster after monster with the sword. After each monster he destroys, he notices that he became more powerful. He continues walking through Tartarus until he hears a loud scream of pain. That sounds feminine. He wonders if the gods betrayed someone else before him. He follows the sounds of pain until he comes to the sight of a very attractive female being tortured by some titans and monsters She looks familiar. He quickly attacks the titans and destroys them. As he unchains the girl and lays her on the ground. As he gets a closer look at the attractive female, he remembers a familiar hunter that died on a quest. "No-way. Zoe" He said loudly as he looks down at her brown eyes. "Hi Perseus" Zoe said to him before losing consciousness. End of Chapter. Well looks like Zeus is losing his mind and not being himself by showing remorse for what he did to Percy. Artemis admitted that she's in love with Percy and finally he's shocked finding Zoe in Tartarus. Next chapter will be Percy and Zoe being reacquainted. So I was thinking about how boys get invited into the hunt. One idea is that females become the superior gender after the gender war happened when Hillary Clinton became president. Boys are abused by females, treated as slaves. etc. I was thinking a very large time skip(say about 50 or 100 years(earth) ). During that time president after president are only females. The other one is that I can just go with the idea of Artemis showing her hunters that boys are abused/heartbroken by females also. Don't worry they will be lemons and limes in the story. Read, vote, and comment.