looking at her, but his gaze was steady and soft. Calypso took Leo's hand and smiled. "Festus gives his permission," she told him. "He wants you to come with me." Leo's eyes widened. He looked at the bronze dragon and said something in drakish. Festus nodded and growled something. Leo looked at Calypso. "He wants to know…if there is…a…place at the…castle? What is…a castle?" Calypso grinned. "A castle is what I live in. It'll be where you'll live, too. With me." Festus grunted something soft, and Calypso could feel a suggestion in his throat. Leo's eyes widened and he blushed. He looked at Calypso with a sheepish expression. "…marry?" Calypso laughed and hugged him. "Yes. I promised not to leave you, didn't I?" She kissed him on the cheek and his blush deepened. Within two weeks, Princess Calypso and Leo had wed. After a tearful reunion between Leo and Hephaestus, Calypso, Leo, and Hephaestus all rode on Festus to the castle to prepare for the wedding and to start helping Leo back into humanity. Jason and Piper rode from the volcano to the town beyond the border to tell the ambushed group of the outcome. Mere moments before she had to walk down the aisle, Calypso felt right about what she was doing. She'd had two weeks to regret her decision to marry a boy raised by a dragon. She couldn't think of one actual reason to hate him. She'd fallen in love with him, and knew they'd fall deeper in the years to come. And she was right. After the wedding, Calypso took time out of her daily duties as queen to help Leo with his speech and writing. Within a few months, he was talking nonstop. It annoyed Piper (who had fallen hard for Sir Jason) but Calypso could still silence her new husband with a kiss or two. Leo began to make toys after the wedding. If he made one he liked, he'd keep it. Otherwise, once it was done, he'd send the toy to a child in need. He made trips out to the kingdom to donate his toys and make sure every child could be taken care of. Calypso smiled every time he got excited to take a trip like that. Hephaestus was offered a job as a royal blacksmith, but he solemnly declined, stating he wished to return to the village and live out his days there. He and Leo kept in touch. Festus was now the kingdom's mascot and personal guard to the royal family. Wherever Leo went, Festus followed. If Leo was in the castle, Festus hunkered down in a cave not far off. His personal hoard had been generously donated to the palace treasury, considering the bronze beast never was very greedy. He liked the mortal kind of treasures, not the nonliving shiny kind. After years of ruling alone, Leo was properly ascended to the throne at Calypso's request. He was still a child at heart, and even now he could feel overwhelmed at too many people in one room, but everyone in the kingdom loved him. He tended to the people's affairs while Calypso handled estate and finances. Of course, another reason Leo was allowed to properly rule was because Queen Calypso had been expecting. Once she'd delivered, she could have easily said he could step down, but she wouldn't do that. Leo was perfect to rule, no matter how hard it had been to ease him back into society. One morning, as Calypso rocked her twins, Prince Tulio and Princess Esperanza, to sleep, a pair of strong arms wrapped around her waist. "Hello, Leo," she mumbled. "I thought you had to go deliver some toys." The king smiled. "I will. I just wanted to say good-bye to the kids." His accent was still there, though by now it was faint. Calypso was okay with that. It reminded her of her husband's humble beginnings, and it made her happy to see him so happy now. Leo let go of his queen and bent over the rocking cradle. He kissed Tulio first. "Good-bye, son," he mumbled through Tulio's curls. "See you soon." He then moved to Esperanza and kissed her. "I love you, baby girl." Both twins smiled in their sleep and shifted a little. Leo smiled, placing some new toys next to the crib. He grinned up at Calypso. "The dolphin's for Espie," he explained. "And the dragon's for Tulio." Calypso nodded and kissed him before he left. "I love you," she said happily. Leo grinned. "I love you, too." After he left, Calypso sighed happily. "How did that happen?" she wondered to herself. "How on earth did I fall for that childish, imp-faced, wild, dragon boy toymaker?" She smiled, looking down at the twins, both of whom resembled their father (except for Tulio's mother-inherited-almond eyes). "Oh, that's right. Because he's a handsome, strong, sweet, understanding, and caring man…" She kissed her twins and sat down in a rocking chair nearby, never dropping her smile, and certainly never letting go of her love for Leo. A/N: Holy Hephaestus that was long... 10k words (not counting the A/Ns)! The longest One-Shot I've ever written. I hope it was enjoyable. That ending was rather blah for me, but I hope you guys liked it. I even added my OC Caleo babies :3 Yay me. Leo the toymaker...what an idea. He would so do that in fairy tale settings, as long as the blacksmith job is taken, at least lol Yes, I realized that was a fast ending, too. I was on a time-limit, and I resigned to it being that way. I wanted a one-shot and the longer it got, the harder I had to resist splitting it up and not getting it done before V-day. I recognize that this was fast-paced (even if it was my longest chapter/one-shot), so please don't comment on that. And, finally, no: I will not be continuing this. It's solely a one-shot. Happy S.A.D/Valentine's Day, guys!