in every way, shape, and form." Jason finally joins them, choosing to lay down on his stomach instead. "Should I be worried?" Piper sticks her head up momentarily to look at her boyfriend. "Yes." Jason just smiles and closes his eyes. "Cool, because I've been meaning to tell you about my torrid affair with the girl in my Physics class-" "Jason, even I know that if you finish that sentence you'll be kicked in the nuts, and according to everyone I'm an idiot, so you should probably stop talking." Percy interjects. "Oh, Perce," Piper grabs his hand, "you're only an idiot most of the time, look at that straight up knowledge you just shared with us all." Percy laughs, and when Piper and Jason start a braiding competition on different sides of his head, he thinks that he will be just fine, despite the fact that he hasn't even seen the love of his life in nine years. (Can he call her the love of his life if he's only sixteen? Whatever.) "So," Jason starts later, after they've skated themselves dizzy and sore. "I've been meaning to ask." "Yes, dearest?" Percy says with his mouth full of a blue raspberry snow cone. "What's the deal with the 'one, three' thing you and Annabeth do?" Percy turns red from his collarbone all the way to the roots of his hair. "Well-" "With a blush like that now you have to tell us." "Shut up, Piper, I'm getting to it, alright?" Piper looks up at Jason from where she's resting her head in his lap and they share a gross relationship moment where they talk without saying anything. Percy's chest hurts a little, but thinking about Annabeth makes it a little better, so he presses on." "Well, Annabeth hates goodbyes because-" Percy decides that sharing his best friend's personal issues with parental abandonment is probably not a good idea after all. "Well, just because. And like, 'see you later' isn't really a great sign off either, and 'talk to you soon' is generally followed with a 'bye' anyway, so we just count to three and hang up." Piper and Jason look at him without blinking. "So like," When Percy gets nervous he tends to over explain things. "One of us will say 'one' and then the other will say 'two' and then the first person will say 'three' and then we, you know. Hang up. Without saying goodbye. Because goodbyes-" "Suck, yeah, we get it." Piper glances up at Jason for a moment, before looking back at Percy. "So, you're conflicted because you think she doesn't like you back?" "Well, I mean-" Jason interrupts this time. "That's the dumbest shit I've ever heard, because that whole 'one two three' thing is the most relationsihpy thing to ever relationship, and my girlfriend's mom once gave me a condom." " Jason ! We said we'd never speak of that again." Later on, Percy tapes his phone to the side of his face so he can talk to Annabeth while she demolishes him on Call of Duty. "How're Bobby and Matthew? Still leaving legos in your shower?" She sighs as she shoots him solidly in the head. "Always. I don't really see why but I gave up trying to understand years ago." "Why don't you leave jello or something under their covers?" Percy asks as he finds a solid sniping spot. "That's so obvious, come on ! If I get them back it has to a) not trace back to me-" Percy gets shot in the back and groans. "and b) has to be bad enough for them that they never consider messing with me again." Percy respawns and dies immediately. "Okay, how ? I don't even know why I play you anymore." "Neither do I, honestly, but it's still fun to kill you multiple times in a minute." "Thanks." "'Course. Where are you hiding?" "I'm not going to tell you! I haven't gotten a single kill on you today." "It's nice that you try to delay the inevitable. How're Jason and Piper?" "They're good, still gross and dating, but good" Percy mutters and he dives behind a car to avoid sudden machine gun fire. "I rest my case." The bullets stop raining down, and Percy tentatively peaks his head above the hood of the car to see if he can spot Annabeth's green camo figure. "Ok, they're gross , but they're also happy and are both really good at being friends with me instead of sucking face 24/7." "Yeah they only such face 18/7, they spend the other six hours sleeping." Percy gets stabbed in the back. "God dammit Annabeth!" Percy throws his head back in frustration and the tape holding his phone to his cheek peels off. He can still hear Annaabeth's distorted laughter despite the fact that the phone's on the floor, and he rushes to pick it back up "Ok, ok, pause, the phone fell off my face." "Yeah, yeah, nice try." "Really I swear." Percy's voice cracks as he tapes his phone back, which is only slightly mortifying. "I think I'm just about all video gamed out." "Didn't think I'd ever hear those words." "Well, when you find an even competitor one day maybe you'll understand." Instead of the gloating Percy was expecting, all he gets is silence. "Annabeth?" There's a scuffle on their other side, and Annabeth's muffled voice saying, "Yeah, dad, of course." Percy waits until he can hear her breaths coming into the receiver again. "How's Papa Chase?" "Awkward and disconnected, as usual." All of the lighthearted humor that was in her voice has vanished. "You wanna talk about it or do you want to shoot me in the head a few more times?" "I thought you were video gamed out." "Well," Percy says as he picks up his controller. "I don't think I've beaten you enough yet." "Oh, really ? That's how it is?" "Oh yeah." Percy smiles his Annabeth smile. " That's how it is.