hurry up seaweed brain." She smirked at him when he scowled. "Fine," he tried milking the cow but nothing came out, "Oh come on you dam cow! Milk." The milk then proceeded to shoot out hitting him in the face. He heard a giggle come out of his girlfriend and turned to glare. The cow then kicked over the bucket. Percy cursed. "Language," Annabeth sang, giggling again. Percy muttered under his breath grabbing the bucket and trying again. "Only eight cows to go Percy." He yelled another curse and the cow kicked the bucket over again sending Annabeth into another fit of laughter. " On the ninth day of Christmas my true love gave to me, nine ladies dancing." He sipped his coke watching the scene play out in front of him. Rachel had bugged him until he said yes to going to the party she was hosting, and he had only agreed when she told him he could bring Annabeth. Said girl sat beside him pushing food around her plate and every so often glancing longingly toward the dance floor. Percy was being a party pooper he was tired and didn't want to be there, but he knew Rachel wouldn't let it go if he left already. He heard Annabeth sigh beside him. "Do you want to go dance…?" he asked. She shook her head glancing back down at her food. Percy knew his girlfriend so obviously he could tell she was lying to him. She turned toward him with wide eyes when he scooted his chair back. He stood up smiling towards her. "Come on wise girl, dance with me. I know you love it," he held out his hand and she grabbed it eagerly pulling him towards the crowd to dance. " On the tenth day of Christmas my true love gave to me, ten Lords a leaping." He knew it was a bad idea. From the moment it was suggested he knew it was a bad idea. It was still a bad idea when they got there, and now that it had played out he could turn and look at his girlfriend and say 'I told you so'. Said girlfriend was standing there laughing her podex off. "Stop laughing Annabeth this is your fault!" he covered his ears but he could still hear the calling. Behind him the flying fish leaped higher and higher out of the water. "Lord!" they called, "LORD look at us! We will leap for you! LORD, LOOK!" Annabeth took a picture of Percy's grumpy face with the fish in the background. " On the eleventh day of Christmas my true love gave to me, eleven pipers piping." "Pipeeeeeeeeeeeer. Piiiiiipeeeeeeer," the son of Poseidon called. Piper shot her best friend a look before turning towards their boyfriends. "What Percy," she snapped, seeing her own boyfriend flinch. "I just wanted to know…Piper piper have you ever picked a peck of pickled peppers?" Annabeth grabbed her friend's arm before she launched out of her seat toward the boy who was already running for his life. " On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me, twelve drummers drumming." Percy's fingers tapped along to the steady beat of the drums as he walked towards the water side with his girlfriend. He loved that the Apollo cabin had insisted to Chiron that they throw an end of summer bash at the beach. Annabeth was having a great time which in turned made Percy have a great time, but now as they moved farther from the crowds to their own secluded spot his heart beat faster and faster inside his chest. His other hand played with the box inside his pocket weighing his shorts down. If Annabeth could tell he was nervous she wasn't saying anything. They reached the water and the waves brushed against their ankles. Annabeth pushed a strand of hair behind her ear looking at the ocean in front of her. There was a comfortable silence between them before Percy let go of her hand. She turned toward her boyfriend just as he took a breathe and got down on one knee pulling out a little black box. "A-Annabeth Chase… I am so lucky that you said yes to being my girlfriend 7 years ago. Everyday has felt so much more complete because you have been in it," he could feel his hands shaking as he looked up at her, seeing her hand covering her mouth and tears in her eyes. She was beautiful. "I had a giant speech planned but I can't remember anything, gods I am stupid." She laughed a little, a tear falling from her eye. "I just… you are the best thing to have ever happened to me and I never want to let you go. What I am trying to say. Wisegirl, will you marry me?" Annabeth nodded tears overflowing and running down her cheeks. "Yes Percy," she sniffled, "Yes yes yes. I will marry you!" He quickly put the ring on her finger when he processed her words. Before he could speak again she yanked him by his shirt into a kiss. He could feel wet from tears but he wasn't sure if it was his or hers. He kissed her with everything he had pulling her extremely close not noticing that the drums had gotten progressively quieter. "Well it is about time!" The couple broke apart to see a crowd of campers standing there many with cameras. "Is there no privacy?" Percy laughed. "Like I told you the first time kelp head. No. Now it is tradition, let's throw the love birds into the lake!" Percy was all too glad that they did it because just like the first time he created a bubble under water and he could tell you it was the best underwater kiss with his new fiancée of all time. Hope you found that amusing, thank you for reading, and taking the time to review is very much appreciated! -WD