glowing ball of Calypso sat on Leo's large shoulder. "We need to find out who cursed us and why." "Obviously the Stolls had a hand in it," Frank growled. "They disappeared before anyone could find the time to strangle them." Annabeth looked thoughtful, putting a paw to her chin. "The invitation said the party was hosted by the Hecate Cabin. Are there any Hecate Cabin members in the crowd right now?" They looked around. Percy spotted Clarisse instantly. As a challenge on her manliness—womanliness?—Percy had dared her to dress up as a unicorn to the monster mash. Her costume had been one of the My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic hoodies (Rarity being the unicorn she dressed up as). That was it. Now, though, she was a full-blown white unicorn with a lovely, flowing purple mane and tail and delicate features. Even the deadly horn looked beautiful on her. That didn't mean she looked happy. No, she was downright furious, shaking her head like a bull at her boyfriend, Chris the Gremlin. She looked ready to stab anyone who got in her way. One could still sort of tell who was who amongst the new monsters. For example, it didn't take a genius to figure out the one Cerberus in the crowd had once been Nico di Angelo, and the phoenix on his back was Will Solace (since those two never left each other for very long now). Katie Gardner was a willow tree dryad, tall and beautiful. Nyssa was an actual zombie, with brains peeking through her skull. Jake was see-through, meaning he was now a ghost. "I don't see any of them," Leo announced. "No one here is from the Hecate Cabin." "They must have all worked together to cast the spell," Annabeth mused. "We should be fine, then." "Excuse me?" Calypso squeaked. "What about any of this is fine?" Annabeth started to lounge, stretching out her new cat body on the ground. "The Hecate Cabin is known for casting spells that work with little nasty side effects. I'd be way more worried if it had been just the Stolls casting the spell. If it had been just them, then I'd worry for the state of our minds." Everyone in the group relaxed. She had a point. Piper growled, "I'm still gonna kill those two when this is over." "Why?" Leo challenged. "Regretting your previous argument about werewolves being superior over vampires, flea queen?" She nipped one of Leo's toes. "Shut up, fatso. I just don't like this situation being thrust upon me so suddenly. I'd still take werewolf over vampire any day." "Fatso?" Leo grabbed his new dragon paunch, as dragons weren't known for being scrawny. "I'm not that fat, am I?" "That's the price you pay for getting taller," Jason said with a monkey laugh. "But Frank got taller and he didn't get fatter—he got buffer! Where's the fairness in that, I ask you!" Hazel hopped up onto Frank's back. "Should we still be concerned?" Annabeth shook her head. "I'm trying to remember exactly what the spell said, but I remember it said the curse would only last one night." Calypso visibly relaxed. "If it's only one night, I'm perfectly fine with it. It takes a while for the mind to unravel, and though Leo's is impossibly small, one night isn't enough to change him." "Hey!" Leo snorted smoke at his fairy girlfriend. She coughed and flicked glitter at him. Percy stamped impatiently. "Y'know what? If we're stuck like this, in a real life version of Halloweentown II: Kalabar's Revenge, we might as well make the most of it! It's not like we're gonna hunt each other, right?" He flapped his wings and flew straight up. Then, he dove back down and landed on the stage. "Hey!" he called, grabbing everyone's attention. "How many of you have seen a Pegasus boogie?" He gestured to the DJ, a son of Dionysus who had been turned into a goblin. The goblin smiled and started up some music—Animals, by Maroon 5. As soon as the music started, Percy the black Pegasus started hopping around in a horse dance. At first it was awkward, as he was testing out his new limbs, but then it became amazing. Some monster campers began dancing, forgetting the initial terror of becoming creatures. Others restarted their conversations. The thing about demigods: they certainly know how to take things in stride. If the great Percy Jackson wasn't worried about being a Pegasus for a night, why should they be? Their lives weren't in danger if they stayed inside the party boundaries. So, for the rest of the night, the camp for demigods became the camp for monsters. Everyone eventually got over the change and started bragging about how they were better than the creature next to them. There were a few strange side effects, like Leo (as the only large creature) eating the entire buffet or Clarisse shooting random bursts of magic every time she sneezed, but all-in-all, everyone had a ton of fun. When the sun rose the next day, humans once again populated the party area—including two previously hidden Stoll brothers. And within two seconds, those same brothers ran away as soon as they were spotted. Most of the campers gave up the chase, not really caring about the transformation prank since it did no harm. However, Clarisse the ex-unicorn, Piper the ex-werewolf, and a few other rightfully mad campers were definitely determined to make this Halloween the last the Stolls would ever see. Travis tried to defend them by calling back, "It was the best Halloween prank ever, though, you have to admit!" That only made the campers more determined to send the brothers to their graves. A/N: Happy Halloween, everyone! Hope you had a spooky time~! Sorry this came up at the last minute, but I literally spent all day on this, as I didn't have any time to work on it until today. Hope you enjoyed this short little piece!