the moment, they were enjoying a lovely brunch at one of the café's near the top of a hill. They'd IM'd Jason already to tell them where they were. The Argo would be on its way shortly, seeing as how Jason had finally convinced the South wind god to cooperate. Leo had a still hand placed on the table. Hazel and Frank had theirs on top of it. Every once in a while, Leo would get a peck on the cheek from one or the other, and he would blush and smile sheepishly. Leo swallowed nervously. "Guys. I can't thank you enough for saving me. I owe you so much, but I want you to know…I didn't choose to go out with you because you saved my life." Hazel smiled. "Of course. We wouldn't want to do that to you." "Right," Frank agreed. Leo grinned. "Okay. Just so we're clear." He chuckled. "Also…I know that third line in the prophecy makes oaths a little dangerous, but I don't care." He put his free hand on top of theirs. "We'll be together until the end. We're gonna win, no matter what it takes, against Gaea. We'll win. I swear it on the River Styx." Frank and Hazel stopped breathing momentarily, then nodded together. "Yeah," Hazel said, leaning closer to Leo. Frank leaned in on Leo's other side. "We'll definitely win." When all was said and done, Hazel wished there was another way. When Leo had told her and Frank his plan to incinerate Gaea, spending his own life force in the process, her heart shattered. Since Malta, they had grown so close as a threesome. At first the rest of the Seven—minus Jason, for some reason—had been confused and astounded that both Leo and Frank were bi and in a relationship with each other as well as Hazel. She had to admit, it did sound a little strange. But, all three of them loved each other more and more each day, regardless of the stares. Hazel found that most of the time Leo just liked to cuddle, and she and Frank were perfectly fine with that. Cuddling was all they needed at the moment. But now… Hazel wished she had Leo to hold on to. She wished Leo was beside her, like Frank. But he wasn't. He had been blown up—by his own doing and by Octavian's stupidity. If it had just been Leo's fire, perhaps his body might have survived. But no, thanks to Octavian's Imperial Gold fireball…there was little to no chance of finding the son of Hephaestus. She sobbed into Frank's shoulder, feeling Leo's death. As a child of Pluto, she could definitely feel it. It was terrible. Leo had entrusted her with the cure (originally it was Piper, but the daughter of Aphrodite insisted it be Hazel, as his girlfriend), and now she would never be able to use it if his body couldn't be found. Frank hugged her and let her cry. His own tears poured down his cheeks, but he kept still for his girlfriend. She needed a strong anchor to hold onto, so he would cry about the loss of his boyfriend later. The search parties were small, so it was slow going trying to find any remnants of Festus or his master. Frank had to stay behind and take a count of the Legion with Reyna, so Hazel stayed with him. Neither of them were happy about it, but as Romans, they had to follow the rules—especially since one of them was praetor now. Suddenly shouting could be heard. Will Solace, one of the Greek sons of Apollo, perked up and ran off to the woods. Frank craned his neck. A small group appeared, carrying something on a stretcher. It was a charred body, smoking and dead. Will checked over it and pointed towards the Romans. Frank's breath hitched when the group came over—straight to him and Hazel. The group consisted of a few children of Hephaestus, one boy with dirty blonde hair and one girl with dark brown. A smaller boy, who looked like he could take on Vin Diesel, was behind them, holding the back of the stretcher. Hazel tore herself away from Frank's shoulder and looked at the body. It was definitely Leo. His whole body was covered in burns, some of his curls burned away. His clothes were ruined, though his tool belt had survived. One of his arms was broken, though that didn't seem to matter, since he was dead… "Will said you had something for Leo," the older boy said sadly. Hazel nodded and took out the physician's cure vial. Frank asked for a syringe from one of the medics nearby. When the cure was ready, the group placed Leo's stretcher on the ground. Hazel stuck the needle into Leo's arm. Frank, holding Leo's shoulders down, watched the liquid disappear. The son of Hephaestus's body lurched, like he had been shocked. His mouth opened and he gasped. Brown eyes flew open and locked on to Frank. Hazel laughed in relief. Frank smiled. He leaned down and kissed Leo passionately. When they broke, Hazel took his spot. After a moment, Leo smiled, too. "Did we win…?" Frank ruffled his curls and Hazel laughed again. When Will instructed the Hephaestus kids to take Leo to the infirmary, they didn't leave his side. They stayed with Leo the entire time, waiting for him to get better again, just like before. They never left his side again. And when Leo was finally out of his casts, his first night was spent in between Frank and Hazel. He slept peacefully in their warm embrace. A/N: Viola! Frazeleo without the smut! There are no hidden implications whatsoever. Just cuddles all around. Because Hazel is 13 and there is no way she would have that dirty mind so early in her second, modern life. Maybe later in the relationship when they're all older they'll get dirty with the cuddles, but definitely not now :P