look to the fire and relax. I'm back. I don't have to worry about some prophecy saying that I'm going to die. My friends are all around me as we sit in front of a campfire. Everything feels, dare I say it, normal. We make our descent as the sun rises at our backs, lighting everything in its path ahead of us. Calypso, Jason, and Nico hang on behind me like the toy monkeys in a barrel. As we come level with the tree line, I take in the Roman camp ahead of me. I've been here before, and am still blown away by its massive size. Large buildings tower over training grounds, the residential area has made an addition or two, Romans run left and right among the grounds, and some look up to take in the sight of a massive metal dragon flying in above their heads. "You'll want to land over there," Jason yells over the wind, pointing to our right where there is a clearing. Following his lead, I land Festus in the clearing. One by one, everyone jumps off to the ground. "Well, Nico and I came to do some work, but we're going to the guest housing if you would like to come with? Maybe catch up on some sleep." "Not a bad idea," Calypso mumbles. I had no idea goddesses could mumble. "What about Festus?" I say, pointing my thumb over my shoulder. He whirrs his gears in question as well. "I can take care of that," a new voice comes into the conversation, deep and authoritative. I almost didn't recognize my friend Frank Zhang standing near us, arms folded, and smirking like an Apollo kid making away with freshly stolen goods. "Wow, getting the royal treatment, I see. I'm almost wondering who I might have escorted here." "It also might have something to do with the fact that you are alive," Frank claps a hand to my shoulder. "Welcome back to the side of the living, buddy," he pulls me in for a big bear hug. Then remember that he could give me a literal bear hug. "Go get some rest. We'll catch up later. Come on, Festus," he whistles and Festus follows him off to a large set of stables in the distance. Jason urges us forward, with a lack of energy due to our all night long flying adventure. I hardly pay attention as we walk up to the doors of the guest housing and step over the threshold. Jason points to a room for me and I walk over to it as fast as my energy deprived body can move. Next thing I know I am falling on the bed and am out like a light. Next thing I know, someone is shaking my arm. I open an eye to squint against the sun's rays and see who on earth would disturb my slumber. Moaning, I lift my head to see Calypso, containing a bout of laughter. "What?" I ask, rolling over and rubbing my eyes. "Sorry, I just can't sleep. Can I join you?" She pleads. "Come on in," I say, lifting the sheets as she crawls under them, wrapping an arm around my waist. Yeah, I could get used to this, "Why can't you sleep?" I ask, yawning. "I keep dreaming of Ogygia, thinking I'm still trapped there. Every time I see you, it helps me remember that I'm not—that I finally escaped that place. You keep me grounded, Leo Valdez" she moves closer to me, resting her head on my shoulder. "Glad I could be of service, Claypso." I kiss her forehead before laying my head back down to my pillow—right into the sun's rays. Man, having a nocturnal schedule is the worst. "We'll probably have to get up soon," I hear Calypso say quietly. I nod. "Probably," I agree. "But for now," she moves to plant a kiss underneath my jaw, "we can enjoy some much needed rest." And enjoy we do. "So, wait, Festus was the one who delivered the physicians cure to you?" Annabeth stares in amazement. Percy looked impressed. "Yep. And once Gaia was defeated, my Archimedes sphere that I activated navigated Festus to Ogygia. It worked seamlessly. Even I am still in disbelief about that," I say, scratching the back of my head. "Well," hazel sets her drink down on the table we sit around, "we're glad you're back, Leo." "Yeah man," Percy said, giving me a thumbs up, "way to scare us like that. Next time you die I simply won't believe it." "Percy," Annabeth slaps his side. He rubs it tenderly. "No complaining. You deserved that." "Whatever you say, Wise Girl." Annabeth rolls her eyes. I forgot how close they got after Tartarus. "So, how long are you staying?" Reyna asks, sipping on her coffee. "Jason and I have some business here that will take about two weeks," Nico says. "After that I'm heading back to Camp Half-Blood." "And I'm heading to Canada to scout the terrain there for gods and goddesses. Piper will be coming with me, don't worry," he lifted his hands in defense against Annabeth's overprotective glance. "Good," Percy says, "you going alone on that kind of mission wouldn't do. You need someone to keep you accountable, Grace." Thus began the manliest slap-fight that this world has ever seen. No one bothers to stop it. "Leo and Calypso, you are welcome to stay or leave as you please," Reyna says. "Since the two camps are on good terms again, I think it is safe to say we will be seeing a lot of each other, no matter where you end up staying." "Thank you," I say, looking at a smiling Calypso. In this moment, surrounded by all my friends, it doesn't matter where we end up. We will always see each other at some point, and no trouble will be looming in the near future that threatens the end of the world. Things are looking up.