because he was wearing goggles that reminded Calypso of a blacksmith's eye protection, only wider in the lens. He was terribly skinny, and Calypso had a hard time believing this man built a ship—no, built anything . He didn't even look that handsome! His face was round and youthful, with impish features like a slightly turned-up nose and pointed ears, from which a few earrings dangled down. He grinned, which only made Calypso think of an imp more. "Hello~!" he sang. "Welcome to my humble ship, my dear lady! The name's Captain Leo Valdez of the Argo II , leader of the Hephaestus pirates." He took her hand in his grimy one, getting oil all over her fingers. He kissed the top of it as he bowed politely. "But you may call me Captain Hot Stuff." Calypso grimaced and removed her hand. "I'd rather not." Leo straightened up and wiggled his eyebrows, which looked weird with goggles on. "So what brings you aboard my vessel? Want to join my scurvy crew, yarr?" He said that last bit like he was trying to be funny. Calypso kind of wanted to laugh, but held it in. Leo pouted. "Not even a smirk?" he complained. "Girl, I'll make you smile. It will be my mission." Then, he turned to Hazel. "So, really, what's with the new girl?" Hazel spoke in a hushed voice near Leo's ear. Leo grinned. "Well, well! Royalty? Our biggest haul yet! Way to go, Haze. You get best choice of treasure." Hazel smiled sheepishly. "I've already got a claim on something in the brig." "Another one?" Leo asked incredulously. "New people all around! Give me the details later on how you will woo this guy. I hope he sticks and doesn't leave you like poor Sammy—may he rest in peace." Hazel rolled her eyes. "Shuddup," she hissed. Calypso tried not to show how disgusted she was. Did this woman honestly believe Frank would fall for her? Sure, she was beautiful—almost flawless—but she didn't seem like the type the navy sailor would go for, even if Calypso didn't know Frank that well. Leo cleared his throat. "Okay, so, princesa , here's the situation: You've just been taken aboard the Argo II and are now a hostage for the Hephaestus pirates. I'll send a message to your father soon of your predicament and see if we can come to some sort of arrangement. After all, escorting royalty home isn't a cheap endeavor." Hazel and Leo both chuckled. Calypso scowled. "Anyway," the captain continued. "We may be rough-housers, but we ain't savages. I'm not gonna lock you in the brig until I get money. You are free to roam around the ship. I just ask that you stay on board with a guard whenever we make a port call. Can't have you givin' us the slip, can we?" Calypso exhaled, but didn't give him an answer. "You'll be staying with my awesome friend, Piper. She was once a hostage like you, royalty and all that junk, but she yearned for adventure and decided to stay. She's got these awesome powers of persuasion, so watch out—she might talk you out of wearing shoes for a week!" Great… "Really?" Leo asked. "Not a tiny smile? Pipes isn't that bad." Calypso finally decided to speak, seeing as how offending this bozo might not be so bad. "Listen here, you dirty, skinny little elf," she spat. "I am still royalty, even on this gods-forsaken monstrosity ! I won't be treated like some ragdoll, nor will I be your personal whore! I'll stay with this Piper, but only because she sounds better than staying with her ." She pointed to Hazel, who immediately complained. "My father will pay you any sum you desire, but it won't amount to how much enjoyment I'll get when he captures you and makes you dangle from the gallows." Leo had a great poker face. He didn't flinch at the threat at all. He smirked. "You're kinda cute when you're angry," he noted. Calypso huffed in annoyance. "You are so incredibly stupid! You picked the wrong princess to capture!" The captain shrugged. "We'll see. In the meantime, how about you go meet your new bunkmate? And get some new clothes; don't wanna dirty up your cute dress, Sunshine." "Don't order me around!" she spat. "And don't call me Sunshine!" "It was a suggestion," he said calmly, like nothing affected him. That just made Calypso even madder. "And I can definitely tell you like me," he added with another weird eyebrow wiggle. "I hate you!" Calypso screamed. "How could I ever like such a scrawny, dirty, disgusting imp like you!? You pompous, rude, intolerable elf!" She stormed away, Hazel following close behind to help show her to her quarters. The captain stayed behind, smiling. "Definitely on Team Leo," he muttered. "I think I'm in love…" A/N: Here's a few explanations to my choices: Leo is a captain, so he's gonna act a little high-and-mighty, more so than his Supreme Commander-ness in canon world. Calypso is a princess, so she's gonna be a little high strung and spoiled. She'll get better, don't worry. It's a predictable plot, of course she's gonna be nicer later! xD Don't judge me about this predictable plot, okay? I love stories like this, even if I can totally guess the ending. I'll at least add some humor so it won't be so cut-and-dry! This world isn't ours, but the time is kind of like before Edison. So, electricity and steam power and anything that moves on its own is unknown to them, except for the Hephaestus pirates. Yes, Percy and Annabeth, as well as the Grace siblings, Reyna, Octavian, and Frank, are Navy. Roll with it. Pirates (just as a reminder and future reference): Leo, Nico, Hazel, the Stoll brothers (in case you didn't get their cameo), all the Hephaestus cabin people including Harley, Clarisse La Rue, Chris Rodriguez, many Hermes cabin members, Dakota...I think that's it for now.