real romantic interest, Pipes." She sighs and dramatically throws an arm over her face. "Yeah, well, if you can get him to man the fuck up and ask me out—" The bell above the door chimes. "Using G rated language, Piper?" Chiron asks, entering the diner and rolling towards his office. "Always, Chiron." She mumbles into the inside of her elbow. Percy, on the other hand, blushes bright red and says, "Sorry, Mr. Brunner." Chiron doesn't even turn around. "Really, Perseus, you must learn to call me Chiron." Piper sits up so fast she almost falls off the bar. "What did he just call you?" She asks, hopping down the stool next to his and putting both hands on his cheeks. Percy sighs and pushes her away. "It's nothing, Piper. Drop it." He tries to get up and walk away, but she grabs him by the shirt sleeve and yanks him back into his seat. She's glaring at him, but a smirk is pulling at the corners of her mouth. She's probably going to say something obnoxious, and god, she is never going to let him forget this— Beckendorf saves him. He walks out of the bathroom in his street cloths, a little bit breathless. "Hey guys, I know Jason isn't here yet, but I've gotta jet. It's Silena's birthday today." "Hey, why didn't you tell me that?" Percy complains. "I could've covered your shift—you're gonna be tired all day." "Chill, Percy. I'll survive." He glances at his watch and winces. "So, bye." He turns and sprints for the door, and Percy laughs. Beckendorf's a great guy, but he's almost always busy. Percy doesn't really see him out of work because he spends most of his time at his dad's mechanic shop or hanging out with his girlfriend Silena, but he's always got something nice or hilarious to say. Beckendorf's only been gone a couple minutes when Jason walks in the door, looking as frazzled as an attractive, well dressed guy in his twenties can. Percy thinks he sees a bit of his hair sticking up in the back, but then he turns and Percy realizes it was just the light. Jason is annoyingly perfect. Percy tries to not let it get to him. (He doesn't really succeed.) Percy's gotten closer to Piper, and by extension spends more time butting heads with Jason. They have a weird relationship. About 90% of the time they spend together is about trying to prove who's better, but he'd definitely choose Jason to be his buddy in a post-apocalyptic zombie world. Well, maybe he'd choose Piper. (He'd totally choose Piper.) Jason sits down next to Piper and lays his forehead on the table. "There were hipsters on the subway again." "Haven't you heard?" Frank asks, smiling. "Greenpoint is the new SoHo." "Oh, God," Piper moans, resting her head on the bar next to Jason's, "We have to push them back." "To where?" Percy asks, getting up to find his apron. "It's not like there's any more room in the city, and they sure as hell aren't desperate enough to go to Queens yet." "I don't know, exile them to Staten Island or something, just make them go away." Percy finds his apron next to the podium by the door and beings to put it on. "What have the hipsters ever done to you?" Piper suddenly sits up straight and turns around. "Many things, young Mr. Jackson—many things. First off," she holds up a finger, "those atrocious plaid shirts do not only offend me, but they are, in fact, a sin against humanity." "I like plaid shirts," Frank mumbles. "Hush, Mr. Maple Syrup; do not talk of things you don't understand. Secondly," She holds up another finger and says, "beanies are meant to cover the entirety of your head, not perch ridiculously on the crown of it, and should not be worn indoors or in the summer." "That's just fashion." Percy objects. "Well, fashion is dumb." Jason laughs and says, "It's not just the fashion, Percy." Piper nods. "Right, there's also their illogical argument that something 'mainstream' is something that shouldn't be bothered with, where most things are 'mainstream' are popular because people like them, so—logically—a lot of mainstream things should be very good." She takes a deep breath. "Don't even get me started on Starbucks." "Don't worry," Percy says, sticking a pen behind his ear. "I won't." His shift is fine, and people start to crowd in once the sun's been up for about a half an hour. The morning rush is on, and Percy stops cracking jokes and starts walking quickly from the kitchen to his tables and back again. The city's in the middle of the heat flash that normally shows up around mid-July and the air conditioner has been off and on for a couple weeks, but everyone keeps on forgetting to ask Leo to fix it. The ceiling fan is blowing at full speed, and the old lady down the block lent them a fan in the shape of a duck—which is honestly really creepy—but it does the job alright. Percy has his sleeves rolled up to the elbow and puts on extra charm when he asks an elderly Greek lady if she'd like a refill on her coffee. She nods, and he reaches across the table to poor into her mug. He's focused on not spilling onto the table, and doesn't realize that she's even reached out until her hand touches his forearm. "That's a lovely design." Her voice is quiet and trembles with age. Her finger traces the swooping design of the waves that crawl down his arm and Percy shivers so suddenly that he almost spills coffee everywhere. "Thank you. I love the ocean, so.." He awkwardly trails off as he finished pouring her coffee. The woman smiles and adds a copious amount of sugar to her water glass. "You're a good boy." Percy walks away, confused, but feeling better about himself in a perfect, indescribable way.