right palm—on which resided his precious gem—to his chest, fearing the absolute worst. "Whoa! Whoa! Easy, please! Let's not be rash about this! I had no idea you actually were one of us! Why didn't you come out sooner?" The girl blinked, as if her being in human form had suddenly dawned on her. "I…" She looked at her hands, which had instantly become stained from Leo's dirty wrenches. "I am…I am reformed? I had thought it was a glitch in the spell…" "Spell?" Leo dared to raise his head a little higher. "Someone did that to you?" "A very long time ago, yes," she said. "I had defected from the Homeworld centuries ago. As punishment, they trapped me in various things. Every time they had to make a new nursery, they changed my form to that of whatever was on that planet and made me watch its destruction…they said…" "They said what?" She shook her head, as if confused. "They said that I'd be freed by the gem that would eventually perfect-fuse with me. He would be my 'hero', so to speak." Leo's mouth formed a perfect 'o' shape. "So that's why you kept playing for the heroic-looking gems—you were trying to get their attention so they could rescue. But why Will?" "He is not a gem?" "No, he's a human." "Oh." Leo scratched the back of his neck. "I'm sorry I said those things. I didn't really mean them." She placed her hands on her knees. "Then I forgive you." "So…perfect-fuse, huh?" She scoffed and turned up her nose. "As if. Like I said, it was probably a glitch in the curse, since I've been trapped for so long in so many forms. None of the other bonds with gems seemed to have worked, even with that Aquamarine. I don't know why my enchantment broke with you." Leo puffed out his cheeks. "Uh, maybe because we're totes compatible?" "Dream on. You are the wimpiest, scrawniest, most annoying gem to ever come into my presence." She looked him over with a look of slight disinterest, which was quickly replaced with pity. "Though I am grateful for you setting me free. Also, I am… sorry …I ignored you. Clearly that upset you and that is…not okay." "Yeah, about those cry sessions I had…" He rubbed his neck self-consciously. "Could you maybe not mention that to the others? I do have a reputation to uphold." She rolled her eyes. "Fine. Only if you don't tell the other gems about the requirements of setting me free." "Deal. By the way, I didn't catch your name." "You cannot tell? I'm Moukaite." She tapped the gem over her heart. Leo chuckled. "No, no. I meant another name. Like, I'm Citrine, but I like to be called Leo. Or that Aquamarine likes to be called Percy, or Onyx prefers Nico. It's just how we roll here on Earth." "Individual names?" she asked. "How do you keep track?" "Pretty easily. No one will expect you to get everyone's names right off the bat, anyway, so relax. Besides Moukaite, what pretty name would you like to go by?" She pondered for a second. Leo noted how extremely cute she was when she thought about stuff. He really hoped this wasn't a glitch in her trap spell. He wanted this to be the gem he would eventually perfect-fuse with. Oh, she'd said something. "Sorry, I didn't catch that," he confessed. "What was that?" "I said…call me Calypso." Leo grinned and stuck out his hand. "Well then, Calypso . How's about we get everyone out of their rooms and introduce you?" When she grabbed his hand and hopped off his work desk, Leo felt sparks fly inside of him. "Are you okay?" Calypso asked when he froze up. She removed her hand. Leo felt the sparks disappear. He pouted. "Sorry. It's…It's nothing. Let's go." As they exited Leo's room, Leo couldn't help but smile. He'd heard Rachel and Will discuss that 'love at first sight' thing before, and he hadn't really understood the concept. But now…Now he knew. He decided the first thing he'd do would be to ask Frank how his fused gems had felt the first time they'd met, just to make sure he wasn't being stupid—which wasn't entirely impossible for him. If I could eventually make her sing for me over those hero types, he thought, then I'll definitely get her on my side. Maybe one day she'll see that we are compatable… A/N: Phew...that took way too long to write. I'd started it in early December and really should have finished it long before this. But it's finished! The AU of Percy Jackson and the Crystal Gems can be found here: ask-pjocrystalgems . tumblr . com I would like to note that her 'ask' is no longer open (sad panda) but she's still got the blog up for everyone to see :) This was the entire post that I had to go off of: " Leo- She was trapped in a radio actually that Percy found washed up on the beach. I repaired it as much as I could but couldn't get it to connect to any normal human radio frequency or for it to turn on whenever I wanted it too. It would just randomly flip on and I would hear this wonderful singing. I would wait a long time for it to come on and off, it would only appear that it would flip on when certain people would walk by. Strangely it was mainly Percy until Annabeth showed up. Then it remained quiet for a long time. I kept talking to it though and eventually it would sing for me too. One day I turned it on and there was a bright light and all of a sudden - BAM! Beautiful gem is sitting on my work station and is trying to whack me with my own wrenches! Calypso- I did say I was sorry. " Hope I did them justice, Shelbye~!