the flu and is unable to perform tonight." The crowd aww'd. The ringmaster held up his hands and smiled. "The good news is that we found an excellent replacement! Please give a warm welcome to Leo Valdez: Le Clown En Feu !" A burst of smoke made the ringmaster disappear. In his place stood Leo. The crowd applauded and laughed at his attire. He was dressed in red and orange loose-fitting clothes with black puffballs on the shirt, wore belled black shoes, and had a red cone hat with a black puffball on top. He had happy clown makeup on. Leo waved and danced for the crowd as they applauded. He skipped over to where Calypso was and kissed her, not before offering her a fake flower. The crowd went wild for it. Calypso blushed. Some more clowns came into the ring and placed torches into the ground. One lit them on fire. Leo grinned and skittered over to the fiery torches. He grabbed one and held it up for the crowd to see. Some of the clowns hid behind each other in fake fear. Leo put the flames right into his mouth. People gasped. He looked up and spit the fire back out. The fire started out orange, but then turned to blue and white. There was more fire coming out than what he had originally swallowed, and the crowd was amazed. He swallowed more flames and made them come out of his nose and ears, which made the crowd go wild. Calypso knew how he was doing it, really, but she couldn't help but be amazed at how well he was doing. Then, as he spit out a burst of white flames, some of his black curls caught fire. The other clowns silently went frantic and started pointing at his head. Leo looked confused before looking up. He freaked out and patted his hair. Then his hand caught fire. The crowd freaked out as he tried to shake out the flames. Then, as he kept putting out the fire only to have it reappear somewhere else on his body, they laughed and applauded. Calypso had been laughing all along, watching in happy embarrassment as her boyfriend humiliated himself. The last flame ended up on his butt, so he sat right down and it finally went out. The crowd cheered and the clowns acted relieved. A boy next to Calypso said, "Mommy! Look at the lion!" People turned their heads to see a lion stalking across the ring, right towards Leo. Calypso didn't see a lion, though. She saw a full-grown Manticore, its scorpion tail poised to strike. The clowns retreated, and Calypso could pretty much guess this wasn't a part of the show. But the crowd didn't know that. They cheered at the new addition. Leo patted his waist, momentarily forgetting that he was not wearing his tool belt. He swore under his breath, then grinned. He goaded the monster closer, taunting it with his hands. The Manticore prowled forward. Leo grabbed a torch and blew like he was blowing out a candle. Only this time, he was blowing the flames at the creature. It roared and pounced. Leo dodged and whacked it with the torch, knocking it off-balance. "Take that!" he yelled. The crowd cheered. Leo assaulted the Manticore with more fire-breathing. When he was down to his last torch, the Manticore pounced one last time. Instead of blowing the flames at it, Leo clapped his hands at the flames and they shot outward like a sonic boom. The Manticore exploded into a cloud of gold dust like a firework. The crowd gave him a standing ovation. Leo bowed dramatically and grinned. His ears caught fire, effectively making everyone laugh. After the show, Calypso met up with her clown behind the big tent. He was being congratulated by all the performers. When Calypso approached, he wiggled his eyebrows, which looked much more dramatic on a clown's face. "How'd you like that?" he asked. She smiled. "That was fantastic! You made the perfect clown! Tell me: why you don't do that for a living?" "'Cause I'm a better mechanic," he told her. The ringmaster came up to the couple. " Monsieur Valdez; that was the best performance I have ever seen someone do with fire! Even our usual talent is not brave enough to set himself on fire!" One of the contortionists asked, "How do you do it? Special fabric? Inflammable skin cream?" Leo shrugged and grinned. "A magician never reveals his secrets—and a clown never reveals the punchline too early!" They all laughed. The ringmaster gave him a check with a huge amount of money, but Leo happily declined. He was also given a card with the circus's number, if ever he decided to stay in show-business. Leo said he'd honestly think about it. On their way back to the hotel, Leo was mobbed by many people about the show. He advertised the circus, but mentioned his performance was a one-night deal. A couple kids got his autograph, and many took photos with him, since he was still in his clown costume. Leo bragged to Calypso once they were alone again that today had been the perfect day. Nothing could ever have ruined his day. That is, until he tried to scrub off all the clown makeup… A/N: I can't even. This was fun, I'm not gonna lie. Clown Leo is awesome enough, but then Clown Leo on Fire is just the best. Now, just remember, when I say circus, I mean a real, old-style circus and not just the fantastic Cirque du Soleil. Though Leo would be awesome in there, too :3 "le clown en feu" is French for the clown on fire. EDIT: I had the wrong translation before, so I fixed it. Thank you to the guest reviewer who corrected me first, as well as HoOisawesome for the reminder right as I fixed the cover and was moving on to fixing the document :)