"Seeing how you all know each other, I'll let Mr. Jackson be your guide and tell you all the rules. Classes start at 8:20 tomorrow morning," she said as she walked off the stage. "Oh Mr. Jackson, no more rule breaking." "Yes ma'am," Percy said with a smile as he watched the principal leave. "Is everyone here so strict?" Hazel asked as she watched the principal leave. This would be her first time going to classes after so many years. "No," Percy said. "Most of the time you can get away with PDA in front of Mrs. Martin, but since it was the first day of school and you're new she wants to seem that way." "That's good, because I don't want to get detention for being hyper," Leo said as he glanced at Percy. "Ha ha," Percy said. "That was Mr. Rattlif, he would have us all chained to our desks so we don't do anything if he could. But you guys never answered my question. What are you all doing here?" Everyone was baffled as they tried to remember why they came to Goode. "To be honest, I woke up this morning in my academy dorm, then I don't remember anything until the assembly," Rachel said nervously. "We were all at Camp Jupiter, and that's the last thing I remember. I was talking with Piper," Jason said as he looked at the others from Camp Jupiter. "Hazel and I were talking," Frank said as he looked around the group. "Last thing I remember Clarisse and I were training," Chris said as he looked at Percy. "Bunker nine with Leo and Calypso, talking with Jason," Piper said. "I was in my cabin talking with one of my siblings," Annabeth said as she tried to remember past that. "Gods?" Piper whispered. "Wouldn't put it past them," Nico huffed. "Come on let's get out of here and talk," Grover said as he looked around nervously. The other's nodded their heads in agreement. The last thing that they wanted was other students finding out their secrets. Not only that, they were all powerful demigods, any monster is the vicinity was sure to take notice. As a group, they walked out of the school together. "Guys where are we staying?" Frank asked as he looked around at everyone. Everyone, except for Percy, was baffled. Sure they could stay at Camp Half-Blood, but it was too far of a drive for school. "Ah, good question. If you will all follow me you will find out," said a voice behind them. "Dad?" Percy chocked out as he and everyone turned to face Poseidon. "Yes," Poseidon said as he stood beside one of two black ten passenger vans. "What are you doing here?" Percy asked surprised. "I'll explain once we arrive at where you all will be staying," Poseidon said as he walked towards the driver side to drive one of the vans. "Dad?" Will asked confused as he watched his dad lean against the other van. Apollo smiled at Will and then headed towards the driver seat. "Where are we going?" Percy asked as he slid into the passenger seat of the van. "No, hello dad? No, how are you?" Poseidon asked as he started up the van. "You know how to drive?" Percy asked with a raised eyebrow. "Yes, I know how to drive," Poseidon said as he rolled his eyes at his son. "Sorry," Percy muttered. "So where are we going?" Frank asked as he, Hazel, and Annabeth slid into the seats right behind Percy and his dad. "To a place to that you all will be staying at," Poseidon said as Grover, Clarisse, and Chris climbed into the van and shut the doors. "So dad," Will said as he shut the door to the to the passenger side, "Sun chariot?" "I'm surprised that you would think that I would bring it," Apollo said as a smirk graced his lips. Apollo watched as the rest of the demigods climbed into his van. "Where are we going?" Jason asked as he and Piper buckled their seat belts. "You'll see," Apollo said as he followed Poseidon's van. "A house," Leo said as he got of Apollo's van when they had stopped moving. Apollo rolled his eyes as he led his group towards the front door where Poseidon was waiting with his group with a few other gods. "Welcome to your home for the year," Aphrodite gushed as she opened up the door to the white, two story house. "A house," Leo said again. "Not just any house," Hephaestus scolded. "He's right," Athena said as she walked towards the group that had just entered the house. "The house and the area around it are enchanted just like the barriers at either camp. Each of you have your own room. Outback is a training field, a stable, and a forge." "Why are you all doing this?" Annabeth demanded before anyone else asked before anyone else could talk. At this, none of the gods said anything. In fact they chose not to meet any of the demigod's eyes. They all became interested in the floor, ceiling, or each other. "Well?" Annabeth demanded. She knew something was off. All the gods were doing something together, and it was for them. "Hey is anyone going to answer her question?" Percy demanded as he looked directly at his father. "Good you're all here! You told them," Hermes said as he walked into the room from appearing in the kitchen. "What are you talking about? Told us what?" Jason demanded. "Umm," Hermes said as he tried to make his leave. "Told us what?" Chris demanded of his father. "Look at that, I have more messages to deliver," Hermes said as he tried to run out of the room. "Tell them," Poseidon ordered. Everyone turned and looked at the different gods in the room expecting answer. "There might be another prophecy about you all," Apollo mumbled loud enough for everyone to barely hear.