was, he had gone out when he should have been resting and spread it to Percy via sneeze-in-the-face—who gave it to Annabeth via kiss and Clarisse La Rue just 'because'. Piper had a feeling that was more of a revenge against her than anything else. What she had done to deserve the flu, Piper hadn't the foggiest. Anyway, here she was: sick with the flu in bed on New Year's Eve. The rest of her cabin had gone out and joined the party that was happening in camp. The campers all decided to celebrate New Year's and have their own ball-dropping ceremony in the middle of the Omega of the cabins. Piper wanted to join in, but she was still trying to get over the sickness. It was on the down-slope now, but she had been hoping to be better by now. No such luck... "Stupid Leo…" she groaned. She sniffled, trying to stay awake. If she couldn't join in the celebrations, she'd at least stay up until the next year arrived. It was—literally—the least she could do. The door to her cabin opened. She looked up and almost laughed. Speak of the devil… Leo Valdez stood in the doorway, his hands behind his back. He looked like a two-year-old that had just gotten a time-out, an 'I'm sorry' look written clearly on his face. "Hey, Beauty Queen," he rasped. Being the originator of the flu, he was still recovering, but now (at least) he wasn't contagious. He just had a sore throat and a slight cough to get over. "You suck," she mumbled. "I hate you." He smirked slightly. "Sorry my X-mas present to you was giving you the flu. I didn't mean for that to happen…" "Go away." She wasn't really mad at him. She could never stay mad at her adopted brother. But he made it so easy sometimes. Leo walked over and crouched down next to her bed. "I'm really sorry, Pipes," he said, giving her a puppy-dog-eyes look. "Please forgive me?" "Pardon?" Piper asked. "Forgive you for what exactly? I can't seem to recall…" Leo rolled his eyes and sighed. "For…going overboard and not paying attention to my clearly stupid health decisions, which resulted in me getting sick, which resulted in you getting sick…And for not asking you or Jason for help when I need it…" "Apology accepted," Piper said. She smiled. A sudden raspy cough from her made him step back a pace. Leo came closer when she was safe to approach again. "You want some water?" "Trying to keep down what I've already got, thanks," she said. "Plus I just had some." "Just trying to repay you for Christmas Day." He smiled. "And thanks for that visit. I did kinda need it." Piper had to think back on what she said. Oh, the whole 'ignoring him' thing! "Look, Leo…I'm really sorry we ignored you like that—" He waved it off. "No, it's fine. It's not your fault I haven't been hanging out recently. That's me being anti-social. Totally not your fault!" "But still—" "Nope," he interrupted. "Don't worry about it. I'm okay, really!" He grinned. Piper actually felt like this grin was real, not like the usual happy mask he wore. "Okay," she accepted. Then she noticed a particular article of clothing he was wearing. "Leo…are you wearing the scarf?" Leo looked down at the scarf that was loosely wrapped around his neck. It was a long red scarf with gold and bronze weaved into a fire design. It almost looked like it was on fire. He grinned. "Of course! Thanks for the Christmas present, Piper. I love it!" She was grateful for that. Piper had spent a long time knitting that scarf and had even added a Hecate Cabin-purchased fireproof charm (flu bug not included). Suddenly, the noise outside got louder. The crowd of demigods all started chanting in unison. "FIVE…FOUR…THREE…TWO…ONE…HAPPY NEW YEAR!" Leo gave a weak whoop and twirled his finger in the air. Piper did the same. "Finally," she said. "Now I can get some sleep…" Leo chuckled. "Then I'll just go. I at least wanted to give you someone to share New Year's with since Jason is still bedridden. Happy New Year, Beauty Queen." Piper nodded. "Happy New Year, Repair Boy." She paused to yawn. "You're a good friend, Leo." "Nope," he said, making the 'p' pop. Piper was about to ask what he meant when he suddenly kissed the top of her forehead. He smiled down at her. "I'm a good brother." Leo stood up, placed something on her bedside table, and left without another word. Piper sat up slightly to get a better look. It was a sheet of bronze no bigger than a postcard. A very detailed carving of Leo, Jason and Piper was engraved into the sheet. Piper and Jason were close to each other while Leo stood a little way off, making a peace sign and grinning like a madman. Piper remembered that moment. It was a little bit after the quest to save Hera. They had taken the picture just before Leo started construction on the Argo II . As far as she knew, the picture was still hanging up, framed, on one of the walls of the Argo , where most of the memory pictures went. She spotted the note below the trio. Engraved in very bad handwriting that would have made a five-year-old cringe was MERRY X-MAS, SIS! A sticky note was below that. The slightly better handwriting on the note read: Sorry for the late present. I was kinda busy (cough). Get well soon, Beauty Queen. ~Your best bud in the whole wide world and most annoying brother Supreme Commander Leo Valdez! Piper smiled. "Thanks, Leo," she mumbled before sinking into her blankets and finally falling asleep. A/N: There. I did it! I wrote a little Piper/Leo friendship drabble! :D I love reading it, but gods is it hard to write! :P Hope you enjoyed it. Til next time, guys!