or anything?" It took me a second to process all the information, "um, I'm not really hungry right now. I kinda want to go to sleep." He stood silent, "uh okay, um, I guess I'll see you tomorrow then?" "I guess so. Good night Paul." Percy watched as his new step sister slunked off to his girlfriend's room. She was certainly strange...and moody. Usually kids would be excited to meet a long lost parent but she seemed as if she didn't want to be here. Then again, her mom died a week ago so that might be part of the reason. He looked towards Annabeth who shrugged, "typically, she'd have to be at the airport two hours ahead of departure and then you add in flight time and layover times plus having to meet everyone? I'd choose sleep too." "I guess you're right, I just expected her to be a bit more..." He began. "Happy? Excited?" Paul suggested. Percy nodded, "yeah, who was her mother, you never told us." "Someone I knew and dated in high school. She was majoring in Environmental Studies with a targeted focus on Climate Change in the poles. She left not long after we split. I never heard from her again," Paul admitted, "she must have found out she was pregnant and decided not to tell me." Sally put a hand on her husband's shoulder, "don't worry, we'll make this work. Besides, once Percy and Annabeth go to college, it'd be nice to have a babysitter in the house for two years." "I want to get to know her but sixteen years is a lot to catch up on." "These things take time, she might be a bit angry too, I know I was when I started talking to my dad again," Annabeth spoke up as she wandered to the fridge. "So why can't Annabeth and I share a room?" Percy asked, trying to take innocence. "Because mister, I do not want to be a grandmother this early. Plus I know you two might keep each other up all night. We got you separate rooms after winter break because your grades were slipping." "I brought them back up. I just wish all these tests would be a bit easier," he grumbled. "You have to study Seaweed Brain," Annabeth gave him a quick peck on the cheek as she walked by with a cinnamon roll in hand. "It'd be easier if my girlfriend didn't make me worry all the time by going up to Boston every other week." "Exscuse me for caring about my cousin." "Hey you two, be quiet. Someone did just go to bed." A thump responded from the back bedroom, "you alright?" Percy called. A muffled and agitated reply was his response. Annabeth walked down the hallway and opened the door slightly, "oh jeez, hang on, let me help," she said before entering the room. The Jackson-Blofis family looked at each other. Sally smiled, "think she fell off the bunk bed?" "Probably," Percy answered. "With out a doubt. Might be the size of the bed and if she tosses and turns alot..." Paul grimaced. Annabeth poked her head out of the room, "Paul, where did you put the side bar? She's used to a queen size." "I doubt this thing is even a full size," they faintly heard Izzy remark. Annabeth turned back in to say something to Izzy. Paul scratched his head, "I think we uh, used it for the bar stool. I'll pick up another one tomorrow from the hardware store." Sally and Percy facepalmed as Annabeth and Izzy had some sort of exchange. The trio waited a moment before Izzy reappeared with her hair a mess. The girl fell asleep fast apparently it had a surprising ability of getting bed head within minutes. "You okay? Fall out of the bed?" Percy asked. Izzy glared at him quickly before slumping onto the couch. Eyes like slits. Her stomach rumbled audibly. Annabeth nodded, "she's not used to the city noise, we might need to pick up some foam or something." "The occasional car or truck passing by is fine but the constant horn honking and profanity is a little much," the platinum blonde girl frowned as she threw her head back, "not to mention the twin sized bed is different." "Well money is tight right now kiddo, we gotta make due. We got the twin bed for Percy's friends from his summer camp if they ever came over but so far it's just been Annabeth and...Lester," Sally hung her head. "Summer camp? Sounds fun, my mom used to send me to one a few hours away. They had a pool and archery and a river running through the camp. That was the last time I slept on a bunk bed," Izzy grinned, "I almost shot a counselor on accident." Percy and Annabeth gave each other a knowing look, "I wish we had a pool." Izzy's stomach rumbled again. This time there was no escaping it, "what do you want for dinner kiddo?" Paul asked, worried he might somehow screw up. Izzy looked at the ceiling, "enchiladas. Beef enchiladas. With Spanish rice and refried beans. Oh and chips and salsa!" Her feet moved in circles. The family looked at each other before looking back at Izzy who looked confused. "There isn't any Azteca around is there?" "Gezuntite," Percy replied. Izzy sighed, "spaghetti with no mushrooms?" "That we can do, we only have blue noodles though," Sally smiled faintly, "or would you rather go out to eat?" "Either way, I'm starving," Percy added. Annabeth smacked his chest, "you're always starving." Paul remained quiet as he picked up his keys, "all right, let's go to Olive Garden, I'm pretty sure any sauce to make here would take a while to make first." "Sounds good, I've been to Olive Garden before." TO BE CONTINUED... Author's Note: It more of a reimagining of some of my previous work but i hope you all enjoyed it nonetheless. -Jay