They looked at me with their eyebrows raised, and I rolled my eyes. "Here's your sandwiches." I passed them their plates. They nodded thanks and then started to gulp them down like they have never seen food before. I laughed then continued to hum It's Time again. Nico and Jane both looked really dull, so… I decided to ask a really dumb joke. Can't blame me, ok? "Hey Nico, knock knock." Jane intervened. "Who's there?" "To." "To who?" "No Jane, it's to whom. " Jane looked at me, then continued to eat. I rolled my eyes, and then Leo burst in, covered in oil. "Oh! I've got some good jokes!" My nose wrinkled at his soot-covered shoes and pants. "Whoa mister, come in clean or something or no lunch for you." "What? It's fine." "No, I've got some serious OCD, so get cleaned." I bit into his sandwich. "That's what you get, now get that black soot off of you." Leo frowned sadly at his bit sandwich. "Aww," he muttered. I gave him another look. "Fine, ma'am, I'll go clean up…" he walked out the door. Jane After listening to Alicia's geeky joke, I started for my room. I went in and doodled some loops and scratches while thinking who the hijackers might be. The music box started playing Counting Stars in piano version. I looked outside the window. The clouds were shifting like waves, and flocks of birds flew by. Then when the flock of birds were gone, a jet-black raven flew past, and hovered in the air, looking at me with its golden amber eyes. I looked closer. Then, a voice inside of me boomed. Hello, daughter. I shook my head. "Dad..?" Yes, it is I, Apollo, the sun god, of the… I rolled my eyes, interrupting him. "What are you doing here?" Children of night lingers among this very ship. "Children of night…?" Yes. I stared at him for quite some time, but I shook my head. "This is so hard to take in…" I believe in you, child. Good luck. Then the raven's eyes turned blue, and started cawing and flapping its wings about. It flew out of sight, and I watched it, bewildered. Apollo sure had a way with birds. I headed for my door, still bowing my head, and bumped into someone. I looked up, and Nico was staring at me with an ominous glare. I screamed and backed up. "Geez, what's your problem?! And why do you keep coming to my room?!" "I just wanted to ask if you want to duel with me." He grumbled. ...Duel…? I crossed my arms and looked at him with the same look I give to my step-brother when he does something suspicious. "Okay...where are we going to duel?" "On the deck. And no using powers." I snorted. "Fine. Then I won't expect you to use yours?" "Yes." "Good. Let's go." I took my sword and we headed for the deck. Nico eyed me staring at him skeptically, and he said, "Why are you looking at me as if I'm going to stab you in the shoulder?" "Why not? You're the one who wanted to start a duel all of a sudden." He just rolled his eyes and we got onto the deck, a warm breeze blew in the air. I breathed in, and a tingle in my chest told me winter was coming. Then he got to the other side of the deck and turned to face me, unsheathing his sword. I took out Kusanagi, and it gleamed in the partly-concealed sun. We stared at each other for a while, studying each other. "You better not do anything huge, Sun Maid." he got into stance, his stygian iron sword pointing at me menacingly. "Tch. If you don't want your beautiful face to get all bloodied up, better stop sitting pretty." We got into stance, and we studied each other more. Then he came running at me, crying out a battle cry, raising his sword. I emitted my own cry, and came at him. Our swords clashed, and we backed up. He starts slashing at me, and I dashed behind him and starts lashing at him from behind. He swivels and stabs at me, and I jump back, my feet making a screeching sound on the wooden deck. "You're gonna have to try something harder than that." "I'm going to You'll see, Vampire Dude." I then dashed around him, and he watched me go run around him, holding his stance. Then I tackled him from behind, and he fell on his stomach, me on top of him. I put the tip of my blade close to his ear. "Surrender." "No." He elbowed my chest, as a fury of pain quickly spread like wildfire throughout my body. I fell backwards, and he pushed me to the ground, pointing his blade at my nose. I heard Kusanagi clatter to the ground. " You surrender." I stared at him in surprise. Then smiled and got up. "Alright, you win." We shook hands, and Alicia came. "Hey, guys-Ooh, what are we doing here, hm?" Then I let go of his hand and felt my face flush. "I-it isn't what it looks like!" Alicia just smirked. "Right…." "So what do you want?" asked Nico. "There's two people in the engine room. I got them tied up, and now you guys have to interrogate them." We followed her into the musky engine room, and we found two people, one boy and one girl, tied up together. They glanced up at us. They were both well built and almost looked identical, with their black hair and dark brown eyes and round faces. But the boy's eyes had a pale brown color to it, like chocolate milk. "What is your names and what is your business?" The boy spoke up, his voice husky and deep. "My name is Donovan Richards, and this is my fracturnal sister Dana Richards. We are children of the goddess Nemesis."