too old for something like that. He wanted to think it was another test. A test to see if Hades would carry his son all the way back to the palace. Another test to prove himself. But Nico couldn't do that. Wanting to be carried was childish. It was something he couldn't ever have again, like a hug. Before Nico could think another thought, Hades lifted him into his arms, forcing Nico to hang on. "Wh-" "I'm carrying you." Hades told him simply, as if it was nothing. "But...I'm too old...too big..." Nico said, finding excuses for why he should be put down, even if he didn't want to be. "You're almost seventeen. That is not too old. I'm a couple of millennia, Nico. You might as well be a baby compared to my age. And you are light for your height. Nico, you are my child, and you'll always be my child." Hades told him, carrying him across the underworld. Nico stayed silent, unsure of how to react. What was he supposed to do in this situation? He didn't have background experience to go off of. Not even a book. "So write your own." Hades told him quietly. He kissed Nico's forehead, hoping to calm his anxiety. "This is a new chapter in your life, Nico. It's when your dark days are put behind you. It's when you realize how amazing you truly are, and how much more of a hero you are than the other demigods. It's when you see yourself as a deserving, well-balanced member to society, not someone who should...should kill them self because they are worthless. You are not worthless. You are my son. The son of death and shadows that holds so much love in his heart that it hurts when he doesn't see it in humanity. You've already beaten the odds once, son. I want you to do it again, and this time, I want you to not only survive, but to set goals for yourself to reach. To go above and beyond what you think you're capable of, because you can do anything." Hades talked to him as he carried him to the palace. Nico soaked up every word, hanging onto every word as if it was life and death, which...in a way...it was. He needed to hear this. He wanted to hear it. Hades carried Nico to his room, laying him in his bed. He gave him another kiss on his forehead, tucking him into bed. "I love you, Nico. Get some rest. You deserve it." Hades told him, gingerly running a hand through Nico's hair. He stopped cold when he saw a few tears leak from Nico's eyes. He immediately knelt beside the bed. "What?" He asked, wondering what had happened, fear and sadness filling his heart again at the thought that Nico had berated himself somehow. "What is it?" He asked, taking one of Nico's hands and holding it in his own, prepared to fight back any demon that may be trying to fill Nico's heart with darkness. Nico smiled, closing his eyes softly and shaking his head, indicating there was nothing wrong. And that's why he was crying. They were tears of joy. "Thank you." He whispered. Hades' eyes softened and he hugged Nico tightly. "Anything for you, Nico. I'm doing nothing more than simply telling you the truth." He whispered back. Nico squeezed Hades back, wrapping his arms around him. It was unbelievable how this day has turned out. He had woken up, knowing...feeling...that today was the day he was going to die. He had accepted it, he realized, long before he knew it. He went to the underworld, feeling there was no better place to die other than the place he called home. With seconds left of his life, his world had suddenly taken a one-eighty, counting up the years instead of counting down the seconds of life he had left. He felt something inside. He didn't know what it was. He internally grabbed onto it, deciphering its meaning. He smiled when he realized what the feeling was. It was hope. It was love. It was a feeling to live for. And live he would, now, with his father helping him through his recovery. "Goodnight." Nico said quietly when Hades stood again, going to the light switch beside the door. "Goodnight, my son. Tomorrow is a brand new day. A day you'll get to live and see because you chose to. You get to see the sun again, and you'll get to experience it with a new viewpoint. Tomorrow, we will see what it has to offer." Hades told him. Nico smiled softly, his cheeks blushing from embarrassment, but wanting to hear comments like that all the time. "I love you." Hades told him. Nico blinked a few times, pulling the covers up to cover his mouth. "I love you, too." He replied. Hades smiled and shut the light off. Love was a mysterious thing. It certainly had a power to build, but it could destroy just as quickly. Love was something even the gods didn't fully understand, despite what Aphrodite said. Love could tear relationships to the ground. It could rip people, cities, countries, worlds apart. But it could create things so beautiful and powerful that life itself was made because of it. In this instance? Hades wouldn't trade it for the world. Love he didn't know he had had given him a son. Love he didn't know existed either had forced him to save his son and bring him back from the brink of the very thing he ruled over. And it amazed him, that even while all someone could think about was death, love fought with and conquered the death the person felt inside, and made them hope again. And it proved that giving someone something as simple as a hug could change everything. A/N: Let me know if I should continue this, and let me know what you think in the reviews!