and honored by all who meet her" ' Love by all who meet her' "Hecate Please" Athena begged with a tear slipping down her check. Hecate put her indicts figure to her lips, silencing the queen. She looked at the prince and back at Annabeth once again with an evil smile. "But" Hecate said and even more green mist spread the floors of the castle. She walked to the front of the room and continued "On the sun set of her 18th birthday" Hecate saw a spinning wheel and smiled "She'll prick her finger in a spinning wheel and fall into a sleep like death!" ' A sleep like death' "Hecate NO!" Athena yelled " NO ONE ON EARTN CAN CHANGE IT!" and with the last word green mist exploded all over the room and Hecate disappeared in thin air leaving her last words echo in the room. Athena broke down into tears and ran to her baby. King Franklin called the guards and let everyone out and that no one shall speak of this or will be send to the dungeon. All who was left was Poseidon, and Sally trying to wake their son, the three fairy's getting back up and the Chase's holding their baby girl. "This is all my fault" Athena said. "No Athena this is not your fault we'll try everything in our power to prevent this" Frederick said trying to claim his wife. "Frederick even if we could do that Hecate will come back" Athena said crying. Piper was thinking of how to fixes this. Their powers aren't as powerful as Hecate to break the curse, but they could bend it. "Queen Athena I think I know what we could do" "What Piper what can you do to break the curse" Athena said hopefully Piper shook her head sadly "Our powers aren't strong enough to do that but we could bend it" I said. They looked confessed and so did Hazel and Leo. I sighed "Leo could give her something to help Annabeth out". They nodded and put Annabeth back on her crib. Leo looked confessed "What do I say". Piper whispered what to do in his ear. Leo was a nervous wreck as he walked towards Annabeth prying to the gods it will work. Leo said the spell again in his head hoping not to mess up. Leo couldn't help but feel sorry for Annabeth. So young and so pure, he remembered when Hecate was young and funny. The magic pranks she and he pulled. He frowned at that memory 'O Hecate what happened to you' Leo thought sadly. He cleared his head and focused back pulled his wand out " Dear sweet Annabeth you've been given a curse that can't be broken" . Fire blue mist speared around the child " But the curse well change…not in death but sleep until true love's first kiss". Above Annabeth's head shined 2 blue symbols, an Owl and a Triton. Then it vanished causing Annabeth to slip into a deep sleep just as Peruses. All eyes were on the young prince and the fear of what's in store in the next 17 years. "Frederick she's still not save here," Athena said. Hazel thought for a moment then had a gran idea. "Lady Athena we could take Annabeth," Hazel said. Piper and Leo looked at her as if she was crazy. Piper thought of the idea and nodded in argument. She wasn't happy about changing a dipper, but if it keeps her safe Piper was willing to do it. Athena and Frederick didn't like the idea of giving their only child to their old friends, but Athena knew it was the only way. She looked up at her husband "Frederick it's the only way" Athena said letting a tear fall. The king looked at his sleeping baby girl. He picked her up from Athena. 'We won't see her grow up' Athena thought. 'Never hear her first words' Frederick thought as well. "Where would you go" He asked "They could live in the woods in front of my kingdom" King Poseidon said. He felt bad for the princesses and knew a place in the woods where friends can keep an eye on her. He could tell that Annabeth will be a big part of her son's life so he had better help. "We could keep an eye on her and when she turns 18th we'll bring her home before sunset" Sally said. She held her little boy in her hands. Sally may not know anything about being queen, but she wants to help Annabeth. "Very well" Athena said "Thank you Sally and Poseidon when this is all over you will have your wedding" The 2 nodded leaving the throne room with their son. Sally turned to Hazel, Piper, and Leo "You're welcome to ride with us to Atlantis". They nodded and Sally joined her husband. Poseidon smiled at his queen, he remembered when he meet her in the village candy shop and knew she was the one. He thought about his first wife, how she died giving birth to his oldest son Triton. He gave her a brave smile held his Queens hand as they left the room. Frederick handed Annabeth to Leo, who was nervous holding the baby. Athena kissed her daughter's forehead "You'll became a great queen one day….You'll go through so much but at the end everything will be fine" Athena said now crying. Franklin sighed, "Good bye my Princess we will meet again soon". Athena and Franklin stepped back "Go" Athena said. The three nodded walking outside to the carriage that will take their daughter miles away. When they left the room, Athena broke down in tears, hoping to see her daughter once again. First Chapter of my new story done. I really like this story and hope you guys well to. I don't have much to say but yeah here it is. DL is ending soon and I'm excited. Review, Favorite, Follow -wiseone13