actually quite intelligent, but did not seem to have a lot of common sense. Still, perhaps his muscles would be of help when he was battling whatever it was he would face on the quest. Alexandros watched to the two demigods talk for a while. They were now sitting outside, holding hands across the table. The boy was especially fidgety (that would be his battle reflexes, or perhaps just worry), and he could tell the girl was trying not to show how scared she was. Alexandros had read enough love stories to know that these two had been a lot together, and felt a pang of sympathy for them. He took the pizza out of the oven, and began walking their lunch to their table. He was about to place the food down, when he overheard the girl saying, "Percy, you can't carry the weight of this whole quest. It's impossible. That's why there are seven of us. And you'll have to let me search for the Athena Parthenos on my own." Alexandros almost dropped the plates in surprise. For as long as he could remember, Minerva had never chosen a girl hero to complete the Mark. And the quest involved searching for the Athena Parthenos? Alexandros was quite certain the ancient statue had been destroyed centuries ago. Or, perhaps, it was merely hidden… Now that he realized that the girl would be the one following the Mark of Athena, Alexandros was much calmer and less worried. She stood a much better fighting chance then the boy - Percy, the famed son of Poseidon - would have. Alexandros set the plates down, saying, "It is a beautiful view," nodding toward the river, "enjoy, please." Alexandros left the teenagers alone while they ate, and took the opportunity to open the box Hermes had dropped off that morning. When they were not looking, he slipped the girl's backpack from her chair and into the kitchen, where he placed extra clothes, water, ambrosia, and a spool of string inside. When he came back out, he saw Rhea Silvia and Tiberius already there, despite the fact that Alexandros had not called them. Perhaps Hermes had payed them a visit too. He quickly put the girl's backpack back in its place and watched as the demigods shook hands with Tiberius and the girl climbed onto the motorcycle and rode away into the city. September 2015 Rome, Italy Alexandros had not heard back from Tiberius, Athena, Hermes Percy, or the girl, Annabeth Chase, so he had assumed that Annabeth did not survive either of the quests. He had heard a rumor that Percy and Annabeth's blood was used to awaken Gaea, which confirmed his assumption. Alexandros was not surprised, but quite sad. It would have been a great thing for a female to have retrieved the Athena Parthenos. So Alexandros was shocked when he received a letter from Athena. It read: Dear Alexandros, When Hermes told me that he told you that Percy and Annabeth's blood were used to awaken Gaea, I was ready to slap him. For whatever reason, he chose not to say that the two demigods are still alive. They survived the war! But prior to this, Annabeth successfully rescued my statue and had it transported to Camp Half-Blood to unite the Greek and Roman demigods, completing the Mark of Athena and uniting my two forms. She could not have done so had you not taken her in so Tiberius could find her. The string and water you placed in her backpack proved to be very useful during the quest. Unfortunately, she and Percy were dragged into Tartarus by my old foe Arachne, who had been guarding the statue. They trudged through the Pit for days and would not have survived had it not been for the extra Ambrosia you placed in Annabeth's backpack before she left your restaurant. Luckily, she had put the Ambrosia in her pockets, so it was not lost along with her backpack during her fall. Regardless, without you, I would not have my child alive today. I cannot thank you enough for your service to me and the thousands of my children who have come before Annabeth did. I still have not come up with a suitable reward for you, but you will receive some large gift for your courage and kindness. Love, Lady Athena & the rest of the Olympians Alexandros was so happy he offered everyone who came into his restaurant free desserts for the day. He did not care for a reward, but his joy stemmed from the fact that finally , a demigod survived the quest. And the recognition from the Gods themselves were a huge bonus as well. Alexandros carefully placed the letter inside his box of weapons in the library for safekeeping. When he came back out, he saw the entire Olympian Council (sans Apollo, for some reason), along with Chiron, Annabeth, Percy, and the five other demigods of the Prophecy in his restaurant. Lord Zeus stepped forward, and said rather pompously, "I still have one final gift to give today to a hero from the Giant war. For helping Annabeth Chase complete the Mark of Athena and reunite the Roman and Greek camps, I give Alexandros, Cyclops and son of Poseidon, immortality." The demigods clapped and cheered, and Alexandros swore he saw Percy whisper, " he has no reason to say no" (Annabeth responded by kissing him on the cheek). The two of them walked forward and hugged Alexandros. Annabeth handed him a small replica of the Athena Parthenos inside the Parthenon, and said, "I made this as a small gift for you, as a thank you." He placed it gently on the counter behind him before kneeling in front of Zeus. After all the time he spent looking after the demigods, Alexandros could now look after himself. He had always wanted to see Paris, and New York, and London. But first, he would go back to Greece - back home.