ways he'd never thought of before. That probably happens when you're in a relationship with one person for eight years. Nothing seems new. Piper was new, young, alive. Her passion was electrifying in a way he'd seem to have forgotten. His hands grazed her hips lightly before discovering how they could completely take up her back. Then he grabbed her butt knowing already that in itself was unbelievable. She breathed more intoxication in him as she moaned. She loosened his tie and slid off his jacket to the floor. Then she slipped off her shoes, expertly kissing his jaw in the process. He wanted more of her, he wanted to touch more of her skin. So, he took off her shirt, god her breasts. Her breasts were a personal gift from god. Full, round, huge. She laughed when he stopped to stare, "They nice?" "They're fantastic." "Let's hope the rest of me steps up to the challenge." She tore his gaze from her breasts by literally smashing her lips to his. He didn't even think about protesting. In fact he dared her to give him more. To kiss him harder. She unbuttoned his shirt quickly, opening it like a curtain opens to reveal a gorgeous view. She felt his chest, his abs. "God you're in shape." She groaned as she pressed her hands into his skin. He breathed in deeply, taking in her scent, feeling her as she rocked against him. He took off his shirt, pushing her into the bedroom. He wanted those jeans off, the hugging jeans that told him exactly what he was getting. He unbuttoned them, but the harder he yanked at them, the more they seemed to fight him. Until she danced her way out of them. "You don't have an STD do you?" She asked as she kicked her jeans to a corner. "Nope, you?" "Nope." She breathed a new life into him. "Birth control?" He was sober enough to ask. "On the pill." "Fantastic." He moaned as she unbuckled his belt. "Yeah it is." She agreed. She pulled off his pants and his underwear in one motion. She grabbed his dick with a gentle kind of force. He was nearly blinded with stimulation, exhilaration pumping through him at an almost alarming rate. He reached around her back and unclasped her bra. Tossing it aside he started slowly caressing her breasts, even as she worked on his penis, he wasn't about to let himself have all the fun. He was a gentleman after all. "Tell me what you want." He whispered. "You." "And?" "God, just touch me." She moaned, even as she was the one touching his genitalia. "Come here." He took her forcefully, ripping her away from jacking him off. "You wanna top?" "Fuck me anyway you want." She said lowly. With his hands on her hips she shimmied out of her thong and let him slide his penis inside of her. She rocked her hips moving him inside of her. She knew what to do to pleasure herself, swirling her hips around his dick. Jason's hands felt every inch of her body, her flat stomach, her breasts her curves. Every inch of her felt like bliss. Piper felt warm inside, he was doing everything right by letting her do all the work. Moving her hips this way and that, bringing him closer and closer to euphoria. Her hands running through his close cropped hair or down his neck. She felt his hard chest and those abs. She licked her lips before kissing him again. "There." He groaned. "You like that?" She asked pulling back a little before sliding back down. "God you're fantastic." He kissed her shoulders, her neck, her collar bone, her breasts. Everything. He kissed everything. She moaned, "Fuck you're good at this." He sucked on her tender flesh when she said this. He hadn't ever been told that, at least, he didn't remember being told that. She rocked her hips with his, demanding for him to be grateful for her. He was, entirely and wholeheartedly. She reveled in him, she reveled in the feeling of him inside of her. She kissed him over and over again, feeling herself leaking with her own ejaculation. She was so fucking turned on. She wondered why he hadn't cum yet for only a moment. When he came, he seemed so damn happy. So excited. Piper found it endearing, and adorable at the same time. She wanted him to keep kissing her, to keep moving with her. He wasn't about to stop either. He made that clear when he rolled to top over her. He kept sliding in and out of her, begging for more of her. He wanted more of this, more of her. She was delicious, she was refreshing. She nearly screamed when she had an orgasm. The feeling inside of her was so pleasurable she felt like she was melting. Jason wanted her to scream, hell, he wanted to scream. Quiet sex was for old people. "God just scream for me." He grunted before kissing her forcefully. "Make me." She challenged him. But she forced him back to her lips. Their hot bodies, started sweating together as he pushed deeper into her, moving as she had been moving. He was going to make her scream. He was damn it. "Jesus, fuck!" He breathed out, he was getting tired but no. She felt too good, her body with his, he didn't want to stop. "Oh my god." She moaned as he moved. He smiled to himself, he had her, "Oh my fucking god!" She screamed for him. God did he feel accomplished. He pulled out of her, his lips still smashed to hers. "You're amazing." She said kissing his lips firmly again, "No ones ever done that before." "I like it when I get my way." He said, his fingers running through the tangles of her hair. She kissed him one last time before the two of them drifted off to sleep.