proud her slacker brother did it. At Jane's, everyone clapped the loudest they could-Jane went through a rebel punk phase and barely passed with all Cs. Claire graduated a year early, so the family got together and threw a large party, and at Lizzie's everyone was in tears saddened to see the littlest of them grow up. Percy stood next to Annabeth just one year after Lizzie's graduation, sitting in the front row on the Bride's side after giving her away. Silena's sisters stood by her side, and her brother on the groom's-the two had bonded in the years Silena dated Charles Beckendorf. Percy sobbed like a baby at their father-daughter dance, and proceeded to cry watching Ian dance and laugh with his sister Silena Beckendorf. It was there that Ian met one of Silena's younger friends, and then dated her for the next 7 years before proposing and eloping with only their families there. Jane decided being married didn't sound fun, and instead adopted a little girl named Summer. That was the year Claire came out as gay, and found the girl for her, and Lizzie was too busying climbing the latter to being CEO at Galaxy international. Percy stood next to Annabeth as they all squished on their couch all 3 of Silena's kids tumbling on their lap, Jane's too mature for her age little girl politely sat at their feet. Ian and his heavily pregnant wife almost sat on top of each other on the arm chair, Claire was side by side with her girlfriend, Lucy, and Lizzie grinned from the edge corner or the armrest, still agile at her age. Sally, the proud great-grandmother snapped multiple pictures, and then made them all get into groups, from all siblings, to significant others, to grandchildren and then Percy and Annabeth. Percy stood next to Annabeth, him choking on his sobs. They stood in front, watching them lower Sally Jackson's coffin into the dirt. As he dropped blue flower petals onto the glossy wood, his cries increased. He couldn't stand to watch his family and friends bury her with each handful of dirt they throw in with their words of goodbyes. All the little grandchildren were busy watching butterflies and bees to understand what was happening, by the time the service was completely finished, there wasn't a dry eye in the crowd. Percy stood next to Annabeth as she messed with her hair, insisting there gray hairs, both being blessed with gray free hair up to 47. Annabeth messed with her hair for months, soon giving up when her roots fully turned gray, matching Percy's. Their mantel was decorated from all different sorts of things-school pictures of Silena's, Jane's, Claire's and Ian's kids, all the wedding photos, Jane with her boyfriend, Claire with her soon-to-be bride, Silena and Charles, Ian and Alexis, Lizzie and her "Friend" (Boyfriend but she hate to admit after saying she'll never get married, and since she got her Mother's pride there was no way she admit it). Sitting on shelves were art projects, awards, fake flowers, baby hospital bracelets, everything their children had given them over the years. Percy stood next to Annabeth as they watched Jane's daughter graduate from college, Silena's oldest son only a year away. The mantel soon became crowed with all the graduation pictures whether it was college, graduation, Summer had 3 pictures. She went back to college many times, never truly settling on what she wanted it do. Whatever Percy and Annabeth went through in their lives, would never prepare them for great grandchildren. Silena's oldest, Jack, had twin daughters (Emily and Amy) and a boy (Nick), her middle child, Lily decided on having a little family consisting of 1 kid (Margret), and her youngest, Molly was unable to have children and instead cared for 4 dogs (Lady, Lucky, Brooklyn and Princess). Summer and her husband must be really proactive and ended up with 6 kids, (Megan, Nevah, Brendan, Landon, Max, and Olive). Ian had 4 kids, 1 daughter and 3 boys (Nancy, David, Lucas, and Cody, his wife was expecting another). Claire adopted 2 boys (Andrew and Jonathan). Lizzie had 5 kids, following her mother and father's footsteps (Faith, Carlie, Daniel, Marcus, and Jesse) Percy stood next to Annabeth, their large family crowded around their table over flowing with Thanksgiving food. They shoved as they reach for stuff and laughed loudly. Percy's hand clasped Annabeth's under the table, even with her gray hair and wrinkles, Percy thought she was gorgeous and continued to tell her everyday. Annabeth could never stop grinning when she saw her family, it helped since just early that year her father passed on at 96. Percy stood next to Annabeth, well-her coffin. Just thinking of her motionless body-the woman he loved-made him weep harder. All his daughters helped cloth Annabeth in her finest dress and make Annabeth as gorgeous as she was on their wedding day. Throughout the service, as they opened the coffin to let them say goodbye one last time, his hand had this saddening itch to hold hers-and when he did, he was met with her cold fingers, her wedding ring clinking against his. With his tear blurry eyes, the wore promise was hard to make out and his fingers brushed against 'Wise Girl'. Percy was buried next to Annabeth, he died only a few days later-many said he died of a broken heart. Knowing how her parents were, Silena decided to bury Annabeth with Percy-lucky for her Annabeth wasn't buried yet. The entire family heavily cried and held onto each other, Lizzie broke out, and with shaking hands interlocked Percy and Annabeth's making sure their wedding rings and the word promise were touching. At the funeral, they each threw a handful of dirt and once they were put to rest, each family member wrote a note and released a blue and grey balloon, for Percy and Annabeth. Percy will lay and stand next to Annabeth for the rest of time.