"Get out here and see who came to visit!" A tall African American man came out. Frank recognized him from the dream he'd had so many years before. Jack still had dreads, which were longer now. He had tattoos running up and down his arms, and had a stake through one earlobe. Jack froze when he saw Leo. "No way," he said. "That can't be the scrawny little snot from Texas! That you, Leo?" Leo grinned. "Hey, Jack! Been a while!" The two bro-hugged. Frank got introduced and they all sat down together. Jack explained that he'd stayed in jail for a little over five years after the framing, and moved to New York with Rita to start over. They started the soup kitchen on top of working night-shifts. Leo told them how he had traveled across Europe for five years after spending a winter at a camp for troubled teens, as well as mentioning he met a girl from Greece after the camp experiences. They were extremely proud that Leo hadn't ended up in jail after getting such a terrible influence from the Dodgers. "You guys weren't terrible," Leo defended. "I went through way worse crap after we split." Frank nodded. "I was there for some of it. He's been in some tough scraps, but I wouldn't have anyone else by my side. He's a resourceful son of a bitch." Jack nodded. "Glad to hear it. I always gave him those electrician jobs—y'know, like rigging up a bike or hotwiring a car or taking out security cameras—because of that resourceful attitude. You were a genius back then, dude." "Still am." Leo puffed out his chest. "Who do you think invented the Valdezinator?" "That was you?" "Who else would name it that?" Frank asked. They all laughed. "You heard anything from Eddy, Olivia or Francis?" Leo asked, sounding hopeful. "Eddy had a brain tumor and died a few years after we split," Rita explained. "He and I stayed together for a while, just so we had someone else we knew around. But, he…he didn't live to see Jack get out of jail." Leo's eyes went misty again. "I'm sorry," he said. "Eddy was so much fun, even if he had the IQ of a Pringle." Jack smiled at that. "He was a good guy, and we miss him." "Francis went downhill after everyone got caught," Rita continued. "She went nuts in jail, and now she's got a life sentence. Jack and I went to visit, but she doesn't want to see us anymore. Says it's too painful to look at the past like that. She'd rather stay in jail, where she knows how to do things and doesn't have to worry about anything." "Harsh," Frank noted. "It's reality," Rita said. "Not all of us get a happy ending." "What about Olivia?" asked Leo. Jack shrugged. "Haven't heard from her since the framing. We knew she ran off with you, but beyond that…" "I got separated from her a few days later. I told her to wait somewhere while I tried to steal some food. Got caught, though. The police called Social Services on me and I went to the next foster home. Never found out what happened to Olivia…" Rita leaned in to whisper to Frank, "Olivia joined up after Leo. He was like a brother to her and they went everywhere together. Jack and I swore that they'd get together when they were older." Frank's eyes widened. "If that had happened, I don't think Leo would have met his wife." "You're married?" Jack asked. Leo held up his left hand, on which was the golden wedding band with engraved flames. "Her name's Calypso. She's the girl I met in Greece when I was fifteen." He took out his wallet and handed them a photo. "That's Calypso there. And those two mini-Leos are Esperanza and Tulio. They're five." Rita cooed at the picture. "Aw, they're so cute, Leo! They look just like you!" Jack examined the picture a little more. "Damn, dude. How'd you manage to score that for a wife? You must be quite the charmer." Leo puffed out his chest. "All this Valdez charm, girls couldn't keep their hands off me. But Calypso was the one who stole my heart in the end. I sacrificed a lot to be with her." Frank tried not to think of the grave and statues that had been erected in Leo's honor. That was back when everyone thought Leo was dead and unable to take the physician's cure. Jack handed the picture back to Leo. "You turned out all right, Leo. We're proud of you." Rita smiled. "We should all get together sometime. A triple date, if you guys can find babysitters." Frank and Leo exchanged a look. "As it so happens," Leo said. "We do need to have an anniversary dinner. Me and Frank could share the night and give our wives gifts on our respective anniversaries. Know any good places to eat?" "You guys don't live here?" Jack questioned. "We live on Long Island," Frank explained. "We rarely come out into town like this." "I know a nice seafood restaurant down by the docks," Rita said. "A little pricey, and it's a dress-up kind of joint, but it might be just what you boys need to please your wives." Jack winked. "Took her there myself last year for our anniversary. Best idea ever." Frank grinned. "You free next Friday at seven?" The four set up the date. Frank was thrilled that he now had some new friends to hang out with. He was even more thrilled that Leo had gotten to see some old friends again. Leo looked so happy, Frank thought he might combust. And then on the way home, he did, which scared the life out of Frank. A/N: I'll give you a hint: the references are for two different stories, yet those same stories are linked. And by stories, I mean movies based on a book :3