dark wizard and Annabeth was being foolish referring to the poor bloke as some nose less freak, but her attention was mostly focused on the arrival of her boyfriend, whom she hadn't seen in two months. Jason had only a few seconds to say hello to the other two occupants of the table before his girlfriend gave a squeal and wrapped her arms around his neck. The westies around them started to catcall and howl as their own golden couple started making out, a showoff to the other towers, especially the east. Who was Piper kidding? They were all idiots. "They're going to continue on like this till midnight. Believe me," Leo shuddered "Jason sounded completely horny throughout this summer. 'Did you see Piper's photo at the beach? ' and 'Do you think Piper looks better in red than in blue?'" "They are definitely going to make up for lost time." Annabeth agreed, repulsed at the sight of her best friend curled around her boyfriend. She looked around and spotted Percy and Rachel still going strong. It had somehow turned into a snog match. The east vs the west. She shuddered to think of the results as the cafeteria was filled with cheers and encourages to the two rival couples. "They are all animals ." Annabeth continued resignedly, as Travis Stoll caught his brother in a headlock and smashed his head into a plate of mashed potatoes, Connor shrieking all the way while his brother laughed maniacally. "Just…animals." "Let's get out of here." Leo whispered and she quietly agreed. ~0o0~ "Would you rather…..touch a tarantula or bite a lizard?" They were in bed, the blankets pulled up to their chin, the room filled with the noise of the rain splashing against the windows, the storm showing no signs of ending. "Eeewww! That's gross, Piper!" Annabeth complained, sitting up and hugging her pillow, but didn't pause a moment longer before answering "Bite a lizard." "Eeewwe! You're gross. All you had to do was touch the-" "I'm arachnophobic." The blonde cut off her roommate. The door suddenly opened with a loud bang just as another lightening flashed and lit the room blinding white and brightened the outline of someone-no- something standing at the door. Piper, startled more than anything, gave out half a scream and chucked her pillow at the figure. It was a poor move, Annabeth thought dryly, in defending against a robber or something more sinister but luckily it was just Hazel, obviously coming from the bathroom after a shower, her small body clad in a white sleeping gown, her hair a damp mess. "Oh my gods, Hazel. You scared the shit-" Piper was caught off guard as the pillow came flying back to her and hit her square in the face. Hazel shook her finger sternly, closing the door behind her. "I've told you. No swearing!" "Where were you, Haze?" Annabeth asked, watching the curly haired girl climb into bed, ignoring Piper's lamenting of how she was sure the other girl had broken her neck. "I didn't see you at dinner." "Oh, I ate early." The girl replied, her tone a bit too nonchalant. Annabeth squinted. Was it her imagination or was Hazel Lévesque blushing ? Piper narrowed her eyes, having noticed the strange demeanor of the small girl too and quirked an eyebrow at Annabeth. They both nodded. "So tell me, Hazel. How did the sketching go today?" Piper asked casually, inspecting her nails as her blonde partner in crime leaned back against the bed frame, her pillow on her lap. "It went…well." "So did you find any interesting stuff to draw? Like, you know, the lake, the ducks…..maybe boys." "Wha-what?" the younger girl's stammering was a solid proof of her guiltiness. "There was no guy-" "Come on, Hazel. We know. You obviously look like you did it." Annabeth teased and shared a quick grin with Piper as Hazel spluttered, her face doing an excellent impression of a scarlet steam engine. "The first time can be hard." Piper continues. "You just need to find the rhythm-" "We just held hands! I swear!" Hazel burst out and after spotting the twin look of triumph on her roommate's faces, muttered sullenly "Damn." It was a rare moment to hear their goody two shoed friend dish out profanities and Annabeth felt the need to observe a second of silence to cherish it but Piper had already proceeded to make Hazel spill the beans. "So Zhang, huh?" Piper teased as she settled back on her pillow five minutes later. "Best archer in the school. East tower. Sweet guy. Friends with Jackson, though. Eh, no one can be perfect, I guess." "I met him down at the lake." Hazel repeated, as if trying to make the encounter more innocent than it already was. "We talked and he offered to show me his bow. I forgot to take my watch so I lost track of time." "Seriously, Hazel. You could do a lot worse." Annabeth said through a yawn and the curly haired girl shot her a grateful smile and lay down to sleep. There was silence for a few beats as the rain still rushed down outside, the room lighting up bright at intervals and then going pitch dark again thanks to the lightning. The trees swayed dangerously in the frigid, dark storm outside and the water rose and fell threateningly in the lake. "But seriously though. Bite the lizard. Isn't touching-" ~0O0~ So just to clear things up: Annabeth attends a boarding school in…the middle of nowhere (I honestly don't know a place where you can find an ancient castle turned into a school. So let's all just use some imagination.) Her home life isn't that great and Piper is her best friend. They have four different towers; just like the Hogwarts houses. Annabeth belongs to the West. And…Percy is a complete douche bag! ***PS***: I'm looking for a better title to this story. If you have any suggestions please review them.