me. I rolled my eyes and stood up and walked on the stage. I plugged my music in and stood at center stage and started singing when the music played. Our love runs deep like a Chevy If you fall I'll fall with you baby Cause that's the way we like to do it That's the way we like You run around open doors like a gentleman Tell me girl every day you're my everything Cause that's the way you like to do it That's the way you like Just a little West Coast, and a bit of sunshine Hair blowing in the wind, losing track of time Just you and I, just you and I Woah, woah No matter how far we go, I want the whole world to know I want you bad, and I won't have it any other way No matter what the people say, I know that we'll never break Cause our love was made, made in the USA Made in the USA, yeah You always reading my mind like a letter When I'm cold, you're there like a sweater Cause that's the way we like to do it That's the way we like And never ever let the world get the best of you Every night we're apart, I'm still next to you Cause that's the way I like to do it That's the way I like We touch down on the east coast Dinner in the sky rise, winter is the best time for walking in the city lights You and I, you and I Woah woah No matter how far we go, I want the whole world to know I want you bad, and I wont have it any other way No matter what the people say, I know that we'll never break Cause our love was made, made in the USA Cause baby I'll bite the bullet And take the blow for love Woahhhh, our love was made in the usa Made in the usa, made in the usa No matter how far we go, I want the whole world to know I want you bad, and I wont have it any other way No matter what the people say, I know that we'll never break Cause our love was made, made in the USA Made in the USA, yeah Made in the U.S. Made in the U.S. Made in the U.S.A When I finished everyone was cheering and clapping so loud I'm sure upstairs could hear us. I blushed a little. "That was amazing Annabeth! That has to be my all time favorite performance from you, "She said. "Thank you, "I said and sat back down next to Jason and Percy. "Great job Annie!" Jason said. I glared at him and punched him in his arm. He howled in pain and everyone laughed. "That was amazing Annabeth, "Percy said smiling at me. I blushed and smiled back. "Thanks, "I said back. "Ok who's next, "Mrs. Patterson said in a sing song voice. Percy raised his hand cautiously. "Ok Percy, go ahead, "She said happily but also confused. I looked at him weirdly but he just winked. He plugged in his music and the music started playing, and he started singing. All I am is a man I want the world in my hands I hate the beach But I stand in California With my toes in the sand Use the sleeves of my sweater Let's have an adventure Head in the clouds but my gravity's centered Touch my neck and I'll touch yours You in those little high waisted shorts, oh She knows what I think about And what I think about One love, two mouths One love, one house No shirt, no blouse Just us, you find out Nothing that we don't wanna tell you about, no 'Cause it's too cold For you here and now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater And if I may just take your breath away I don't mind if it's not much to say Sometimes the silence guides our minds to Move to a place so far away The goose bumps start to raise The minute that my left hand meets your waist And then I watch your face Put my finger on your tongue 'Cause you love the taste yeah These hearts adore Everyone the other beats' heart is for Inside this place is warm Outside it starts to pour Coming down One love, two mouths One love, one house No shirt, no blouse Just us, you find out Nothing that I wouldn't wanna tell you about, no, no, no 'Cause it's too cold For you here and now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater 'Cause it's too cold For you here and now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater Whoa, whoa... Whoa, whoa, whoa... Whoa, whoa, whoa... Whoa, whoa, whoa... Whoa, whoa, whoa... Whoa, whoa... 'Cause it's too cold For you here and now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater It's too cold For you here and now Let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater And it's too cold, It's too cold, The holes of my sweater Wow. That was all I could say. Just him singing that, I knew something I didn't know before… I was falling for Percy Jackson. Yay! My third story, and the longest first chapter out of all of them. I have always wanted to make one of these stories, but I gave it my own twist. The other ones have like "The Big Three" in a band or something or Annabeth, Piper, and Thalia in a band but I put my own twist to it! Hope you liked it! Also, go check out my other stories, World Class Jerk and We Meet Again! Thanks! R&R Have a cookie my lovely readers (::)