table in the sun, stood up with a sigh. She sat him on a chair and told him to stay put and keep his thumb in his mouth until she was back. She came back quickly with a cloth to bandage the cut and bandaged her severely wounded son with a small smile playing across her lips. "Mommy?" Perseus began. His mother answered with a "Yes Perseus?" He hesitated for a moment but pushed it away and asked the question he had been dying to ask: "Why don't I bleed like you and daddy, mommy? Why isn't my blood red? Why is mine gold?" Thyia sighed and called Crethos to come and sit with them. He hurried his way to his beloved wife and their son as his wife quickly explained their son's question; Why had his blood another color? "Well Perseus, you're old enough to know the truth now son, but before I start I want you to know we have always loved you as if you were our own. You're our son, and that will never change." Perseus moved around uneasily about the direction the conversation was heading, but even though it made him feel quite uncomfortable he couldn't help but feel even more curious. "What do you mean?" Both his parents shared a knowing look until they turned to face Perseus with a serious expression covering their normally worry free faces and Thyia sighed deeply. "We aren't your real parents, Perseus. When you were born your parents left you right there, at our front door and we took you in. We decided to raise you like you were our own, and so we did." While Perseus' brain was running 300 miles an hour, trying to process all the new information he looked at the two people, he had always seen as his parents, standing in front of him looking at him worrisome. "So if you two aren't my biological parents, who are then?" He asked eyebrows furrowed trying to understand the situation. Thyia and Crethos smiled sadly at the boy who was getting smarter each and every day. "We don't think you are just a child, my dear." Thyia began. "We think that you are a child of the gods, a forbidden child of Olympus." "Who are my parents than for real?" Perseus asked as was going through the list of Olympian gods in his head. Then it all clicked. "Poseidon," he muttered quietly, "and Athena." "We don't know for sure, but we considered them too, Perseus. You have her strong will, her hunger for information, and it had always occurred to us that you were wise, not only for your age but also just in general. Traits of Poseidon are also quite obvious, son. We prayed for them to give us answers, but neither of them answer. It's like they don't even hear us. No sign. Nothing." Crethos sighed but nevertheless smiled because of how very proud he was of his adopted son. Perseus sat there, in his chair thinking about the new information he just received. Could he really be the child of two Olympian gods? "Please Perseus, forgive us for holding this information back for such a long time. We did what we thought would be best for you." Thyia said quietly hoping their son would forgive them. Perseus stood and walked over to his 'parents'. "I could never hate you." He said without hesitation as he embraced them both tightly. "You guys are my real parents. You loved and took care of me from the second you took me in and I love you for that. You will always be my real parents." A single tear escaped Thyia's left eye and she embraced her son so tightly that he was gasping for air. "You're the sweetest boy a mum could ever wish for." She whispered as she loosened the hug so that Perseus could breath again. Perseus pulled back too and smiled at both of them while Crethos spoke up: "Perseus can you do something for us?" He asked and Perseus nodded. He would do anything for his parents. "Could you keep this secret and hide it from others?" Perseus brain went in overdrive thinking about what could happen when he told anyone. None of the possible scenarios were positive and most even ended up with death. "Of course I can. It will only cause pain and trouble if I would tell anybody." Both of his parents nodded approvingly and after a few minutes of silence Crethos opened his mouth to ask something else: "Perseus, would you like to join your mum and I in going to Athens, visiting your grandparents?" He already knew the answer, but just wanted to be sure. Perseus' eyes widened as he nodded rapidly. "Yes dad! That would be so awesome!" He exclaimed enthusiastically. He had never been outside the little area around the farm. He was home-schooled by his mom who had studied at an academy in Athens, but left when she fell in love with Crethos, a handyman who was a skilled fighter and quite handy with tools. Crethos smiled at his enthusiasm and he exchanged a look with his wife who nodded in approval. Tomorrow they would make their first family outing and it would be great. AN: I hoped you guys liked the first chapter of The Mysterious Wanderer and like where this is going. If you have some ideas leave a review with the idea in it and I will consider it if I like it. Special question for today: What should Perseus all see in Athens? For example; Slavery, robbing, killing, special places and so on. If you have an idea tell, it in the reviews! I will update this story less frequent than my other and priority #1 story. Sorry for the people who prefer this story. See you guys later! (I hope) I sincerely apologize for grammatical errors and spelling mistakes. I am just a human not a language robot.