I thought that back then the gods ruled every aspect of life?" "They did. But times have become…stressed. People suffer and fall from grace much more often than before. The citizens blame the gods, and the kings have become more powerful. They believe themselves to be close to gods. After all, the gods are closely resembled to ourselves, are they not?" Percy nodded half-heartedly, stabbing the earth with his sleek cylinder. His emerald eyes were so full of pain and anguish as he tried to remember his past. Even relaxed at the afternoon meal and warming in the archer sun, he probably was still as alert as a soldier at the cusp of a battle. For one so young, he looked as strong a warrior as Kleitos. The old battle-master came before me, nodding to the sky, "We are to head out as soon as we break camp. We should arrive by night fall." With one sidelong glance at Percy, Kleitos marched away to deal with the upending of camp. "Is he always that happy?" Percy asked after we had continued on our journey to the capitol. "Who? Kleitos? Oh, he is not so bad once you get to know him. He is really a lovable pup on the inside." Percy snorted, smothering his laughter when Kleitos straightened in his saddle. "In fact," I continued, fully aware of frustration rolling off of the commander, "he used to tell me the same joke every day when I was younger. Do you wish to hear it? Wishing to teach his donkey not to eat, a scholar did not offer him any food. When the donkey died of hunger, he said 'I've had a great loss. Just when he had learned not to eat, he died.'" Percy made a strangled sound, somewhere between a laugh and an incredulous snort. I had to laugh, if not at the mirthless joke but at the green-eyed youth's expression. A few of the surrounding officers chuckled silently, but quickly reverted to their professional, expressionless poses when Kleitos's quiet voice made its way to where we were: "I only told you that story, so that you would cease asking me of the wars." He nudged his horse into a light canter, setting a new pace for the retinue. By nightfall we reached Athens. The city was almost barren from life, most unlike Piraeus. Only a few soldiers wandered from lit brazier to brazier and greeted our party with a salute. Percy was in awe at the architecture. Turning his head back and forth to see every building, he kept muttering something about the buttresses and archways and columns, and saying, "Annabeth was right." But he was even more confused when we didn't stop at an inn or any other mansions but went straight to the palace. We climbed the everlasting stairs and reached the grandiose royal home. Columns and arches lined the white marble building, statues and guards surrounded the acropolis. Little temples stood at the corners of the platform, a more incongruous temple perched along the cliff. A bell rang from one of the high turrets, signaling our arrival as a man in splendid clothes walked hurriedly towards our group. Embroidered tunics and capes and golden sandals, the man made an effort to appear sober, but he was off-balanced and awkwardly smiling. He stuck his hand out to Kleitos, who kissed one of the man's many rings. It was not looked upon lightly, the kissing or asking to bow to a king. People were only expected to bow to a god, but King Achas believed himself to be a god, along with his wife Kassandra. "Kleitos, good to see you, man! I warned you of eating those Loti Berries, but you've gone and ate them anyways!" The king laughed, jovially poking his general in the stomach. "My king," Kleitos said respectfully. "Maybe some training will help put you back in shape," Achas laughed, slapping the shoulders of Kleitos then moving on to greet me. I looked him straight in the eyes and gave no respectful bow. "Alexandra, the moon cannot attest to your beauty, my daughter." "Daughter?!" Percy exclaimed, his mouth gaped with surprise. Achas turned to Percy as if just noticing him like the inept king he is. Percy acknowledged the attention and shut his mouth. "Who is this?" "This, Basileus Achas, is Percy Jackson. He was a castaway off the coast of Piraeus." I said delicately. I knew how to manipulate the king into my view points in certain areas. "I believed the gods wished him to be saved by our voyage." The king held Percy in his gaze for a moment then gave a full-hearted smile. "Well then, Percy, you are welcome to stay in my humble palace. I insist." My father clapped his hands, and servants rushed to his sides. "Take Percy to the west wing. You all must be hungry from your long journey! A feast!" he called. The servants rushed away, towing Percy behind them to his new room. He glanced back at me, but I encouraged him to go, shooing him with my hands. But as soon as he was gone, I briskly turned on my heels and walked straight to the corner of the acropolis. "Alexandra, where are you going?" I didn't turn around, but called back, "To consort with the gods." My temple was as it was before I left. The brazier was lit as it always was, and the marble was clean from any dust and blemish. The twelve statues remained still on their precipices, regal and imperial. Before Zeus the Storm-Gatherer was a chalice filled with a crimson liquid. I moved through memory, dipping my fingers into the wine and casting the droplets onto the base of the white marble. I whispered and closed my eyes and waited until a cool breeze ruffled my hair and travel-weary dress. "It has been a long time, Alexandra." I re-did this chapter, slowly reworking all of my fanfics... COMMENT!