When you are done; strap everything on, go outside and pull the small liana. I frowned when I read this and even though I wanted to try this as soon as possible I wasn't ready yet in here. I had no idea what was going to happen when I pulled the small liana, which I found immediately after reading the letter, so I left it like this for the moment. I put the holder back and began to look through the bookcases. They were not only bookcases, but also a closet. Apparently I loved brown, black and green clothes, because that was the only thing I had. Not that I had a problem with it, because I liked it. I was right about the books when I gave a quick look on it before hand, they were all books about nature and the wild. That was it. I searched through all planks and I only found books except for the pile of parchment and a supply of ink and brushes. I was about to turn around and strap everything on when something caught my eye in between some books. I pulled the books out of the closet and I found a dusty envelop with the title, To; Myself. My hands began to shake. With shaky hands I opened the envelop. A folded letter was inside of it and I quickly unfolded it. Dear Me, Look at the map given, Search under the bed, follow steps from weapons rack, follow the map and find out who we are and our abilities. Good luck, we will need it. When I finished reading for the third time I knew one thing. I am not a guy who writes long letters. Why didn't I leave a name? Or what abilities was I talking about? I had no idea, but that was what I have to find out. I looked in the envelop and saw a folded map. I unfolded the map and saw it was a map of Greece. A dot gave away where I was and that somewhere near the town; Letrim on the biggest peninsula of Greece, Peloponnesos. There was another mark on the map which was located near Lake Copaïs which was in the province; Boeotia. It was a Hades of a distance in between and there was written with black ink. Be there in 5 days, Use your abilities well. I had no idea what that meant, but I had to try. Maybe if I had any idea what the ability was I could try, but I had to stay optimistic and think that I would find out soon. Better now then later, but I had nothing to say about that and definitely not to think. I did as was told and I followed the instructions, I looked under the bed and found another note, but this had some riddle in it. Be what you want to be, just think it, feel it and nature will answer your call. I had no idea what I could mean, but I would probably found out later. I walked towards the weapons rack and follow the instructions there, I strapped everything on and it fitted exactly for me and if felt comfortable too. I checked everything and when I looked around for the last time my eye fell on the painting of the wolf. I had the sudden urge to howl it out and I felt like a wolf. I shook my head to let the weird feeling disappear and when it was gone I walked out fast. This place felt comfortable and creepy at the same time. This place made me have this weird feelings, I felt like an animal. Is that the clue maybe? I had no idea. When I was outside I turned towards the tent for the last time and I pulled the small liana which was exactly in my reach and I pulled it hard. What happened was a great mystery for me. the tent shrimped and it changed forms. It changed into a roll of white wool and it was like the holder sucked it in. With great speed it went into the place where 'normally' the arrows would be and all went clear for me. The tent was one and all magic and by pulling the liana I had made it change forms so I could take it everywhere. Out of curiosity I pulled the rope again and in a few seconds the tent was in front of me again. I chuckled and after inspecting the tent from the inside to check if everything was the same I pulled the liana again an in no time it was back in the holder. With everything strapped on and with the spear in my hand to use as a walking stick I went on my way. I had to be at Lake Copaïs in five days and I had no idea to find out, well actually I had an idea, but it was crazy and probably impossible. I had to gave in to the urge to be the animal I thought of or saw. I had to become the thing I wanted just like most of the clues told me to. I had a lot of stuff to think about, but hey, my destination was far away and the road long. I had a sea of time. AN: Well, I hoped you all like this first chapter and I hope I did it well. This is my first story in first person perspective and I hope I did it good enough. I will not update this very frequently, because I want to finish the Hero of Atlantis first which is on Priority #2 and I just like writing on my priority #1 story; The mysterious Wanderer. So I hope it was good :) Review to tell me what you thought of is and I hope to see you all later! I apologize for grammatical errors and/or spelling mistakes.