quickly and put everything back into place. Pulling out his keys, he opens the door to what will be home sweet home for the next few months, unsure of what to expect, Percy was not prepared for the scene before him. It was like a swimmer's dream come true. The room a deep blue like the ocean with light blue sheets and white trim. Everything decked out in what looked like a sea shanty style for the rich and famous. The place was awesome! This froze Percy in his tracks, he could just imagine what a room like this might cost. Thinking of all the damage that could be done Percy dropped his things on the ground. He found what looked to be a love seat which didn't look to be trimmed in velvet or anything fancy. He set his things down in a corner, and sat. Trying to absorb everything, he felt like he was living in a palace. An undersea palace that was for sure, and remembering a little from his Greek history, wasn't Poseidon the God of the Sea. So all in all, the shabby chic sea shanty get up made perfect sense, but were those actual pearls in the table he was staring at ? It as almost too much for him to handle. Knowing he didn't have a lot of time left to get ready, Percy knew he needed a good shower at the very least. Showers always made him feel good. Swimming was better, but when Percy found himself in a place he couldn't swim, he would settle for a shower at the very least. Getting his things together he looked for where the bathroom was in this suite of a bedroom. What he found looked more like a spa then a bathroom. The fact that instead of a bathtub, there was what appeared to be a Jacuzzi or a hot tub instead might be a main factor in considering this. Relishing in the thought of a hot bath before class and realizing that he had about 2 hours before classes would begin Percy decided to draw a bath. After all, what a better way to celebrate getting away from Gabe and having a fresh start at a new school. Percy turned on the faucets, wanting a hot bath to ease some of the aches of the long car ride. A little unprepared for the force of water that came for Percy was splashed with water, in a matter of minutes the miniature pool went from empty to full of hot steaming water. Percy had to quickly turn off the faucets. He turned off the cold water first, just to give the tub a final blast of warmth with the hot water, when from somewhere on the other side of the wall, there was a loud shout and commotion. It sounded like someone dying and screaming to get out. Percy quickly turned off the water to hear what the noise was, but it had died down by the time the water stopped. That's weird thought Percy, I swear I could have heard someone, he shrugged it off, and began to undress. Taking off his clothes, Percy glanced at the full length mirror in front of him. Percy knew he was a pretty boy, with his swimmers build and sea green eyes, most girls chased after him like a flock of gulls. He filled out his shirts well enough and swam regularly to maintain his physique, it didn't hurt that he made quite a package when stripped down to just his speedo. However, no one ever stopped to get to know him. All they saw was a pretty boy, they didn't care about his opinion, no one ever tried to make him laugh or find out what he wanted unless it was to get something from him or get in his pants. While most of the time this amused him and he was able to laugh it off, as Percy slid down into the steaming water he found his thoughts drifting. What it was going to be like being at an all boys school. With no girls around he wouldn't have to deal with the pressures of being hit on by someone he didn't like. Which led him to his next issue, what was going to happen when he was hit on by someone he did like. No one except for maybe his mother knew he liked or at least was interested in guys. It had been a secret he'd been keeping for awhile, as it stood he didn't thinking coming out at an all boys school would be such a great idea, even if the school was Greek themed, they would probably just laugh at him, or it would make it even harder for Percy to be taken seriously and they would just see a pretty boy that can't take care of himself. An alarm went off letting Percy know it was time to get out of the bath and get ready for the day. Percy got dressed, dressing in a simple blue shirt and a black vest with navy trim, and dark blue jeans. He left his hair messy and damp as it always seemed to dry right when he did. He packed his bag and looked at his first class, Drama with Mrs. Persephone. Oh this was going to be great, just what he needed a class that he was sure to make a fool of himself in. Well at least he took heart in the fact that Leo did mention if it sucked that bad, he could possibly swap it out in a few weeks. Looking down at the time he realized he only had about ten minutes to get to class, he would have to check out his locker later he realized and with that he dashed out the door locking it behind him, making his way quickly towards the drama class in what he hoped what the right direction.