out of the room before they were both trapped in the ruins. "Do you want to get killed?" Poseidon growled. Percy's chest heaved as he struggled to control his breathing. "Why did you stay?" He heaved. "You needed to get that out of your system, I knew that," Poseidon paused. "but I also knew you would let yourself get killed in there. I couldn't allow that." Percy hauled himself against the wall and laughed humorlessly. "You don't know what I did." His father slid down next to him. "Whatever it was, it's not enough to let my son kill himself." Percy stared at the floor in front of him. "I hurt Annabeth," he said quietly. "I almost killed her." He was silent for a moment. "I'm sure if you tell her you were possessed by two evil gods, she'll understand." "Weirder things have happened," Percy agreed. The corner of his mouth tipped up. It was a small smile, but it was enough. "Okay," Poseidon said, kissing his son's head. "I'll inform Chiron of what has happened." He stood up and hauled Percy up with him. "You should go." Percy inhaled deeply and nodded. "Yeah. Yeah, I should—go. Sorry. About the," he nodded to the wreckage, "room." Poseidon ruffled his hair. "It'll be gone by tomorrow." Percy nodded again, and turned to leave. Poseidon called after him, "Hey, Perce." Percy looked at him from over his shoulder. "The hero always gets the girl, right?" He grinned. "Yeah, let's hope." Who is in control? He rested his arms on his knees as he sat on the beach along Long Island Sound. In the distance, he could faintly hear kids eating at the Mess Hall, but he wasn't focused on them. He watched the clouds rolling over the sea, lightning streaking in the sky but never touching down. The gods were summoned to Olympus after the news of Phobos and Deimos got out, how they'd been feeding off of Percy for days, and they've all been up there for hours. As it turned out, Ares didn't send Phobos and Deimos to torment Percy; they were working with Gaia, and as retaliation of her defeat, targeted Percy. He'd been too chicken to go look for her, but of course, Annabeth found him first. She plopped down on the sand next to him. She didn't look at him, but at the lightning storm over the sea. He got a good look at her. She looked better than she had when he carried her to the infirmary. She adorned no cuts or bruises, and Percy was grateful for that. Bile rose up in his throat just thinking about the bruises on her neck. Her stormy grey eyes were as strong and calculating as ever, but he could still see bags from lack of sleep under them. She inhaled deeply. "Shit, Percy." "I know," he said hoarsely. "Phobos and Deimos. Who'd've thought." She nodded. "I was there when your dad contacted Chiron," she paused. "I'm glad you're okay," she said honestly. He clenched his jaw and looked anywhere but at her. He was sure she wasn't okay. She must've read his thoughts because she said stubbornly, "I can take care of myself. I'm fine, Percy." Softer, she said. "You can forgive yourself. I do." There was no possible way to forgive himself for almost killing Annabeth. She shifted closer to him and wrapped her arms around him like a vise. He really needed that hug from her. Annabeth punched his shoulder lightly. "I'm mad at you, you know. You really scared me." Percy swallowed the lump in his throat. "I'm sorry. I-I'm so sorry, Wise Girl. I—you weren't you . You were Akhlys, and I didn't know what to do," his voice cracked, and he did his best to focus on the waves crashing onto the sand. "If there's anything you need me to do—stay away from you, hold your hand, anything—I'll do it." He wrenched his gaze away from the sea and looked her in the eye. "I just want you safe." "There," she said, smiling. "You said everything I needed to hear, Seaweed Brain. You haven't called me Wise Girl in weeks. It was pretty worrying." "I will remedy that immediately," he said, serious, but he was smiling too. She laughed and kissed his shoulder. "But next time, how about we make it a fair fight." His stomach dropped just thinking of fighting her again. "Annabeth—" She pushed him with her shoulder and kind of just stayed there, leaning against him. "I'm kidding." He glared at her mockingly. Annabeth shoved him down so he was lying on his back in the sand. She straddled his lap and sat on his hips. She kissed him soundly on the mouth. "Do I still look like Akhlys?" She joked lightly as she pulled his shirt off. "Oh, my gods, I almost just threw up." He felt the vibrations of her laugh on his mouth as she kissed him again. Yeah, they would be okay. I'm well acquainted With the villains in my head They bed me to write them So they'll never die when I'm dead And all the kids cried out " Please stop you're scaring me" I can't help this awful energy Goddamn right, you should be scared of me Who is in control? *It was really hard, but somehow I refrained from making any dam jokes. You can thank my sister for this. Caitlin, I know you asked for mostly Percabeth and there was, like, none in this monster. I just kind of. Well, got carried away. Maybe if you buy me food or watch all three Starkid Productions of Harry Potter with me because that is literally all I do all day, I will write something happier and fluffier :) Also thanks to JLArmentrout for the Phobos and Deimos idea. And for a lot of other things. This is to remain a oneshot, though I may be convinced to write a happily-ever-after-and-more-percabeth-and-babies-and-weddings-not-necessarily-in-that-order addition. MAYBE.