them, fixing its red eyes on them. "Go!" He felt her hands shoving roughly on his back and with a yell, he tumbled into the chute. It was dark for a brief moment before he spilled out into the dumpster, getting his bearings for just a moment before Ember fell on top of him. They groaned as their heads collided and he winced, raising his hand to his temple before vaulting out of the dumpster with Ember right behind him. The two shakily got to their feet, looking up at the chute where a hateful howl echoed from above. "I think they're too big to get through," she said. "But t they can still fit through the door. Let's go." They sprinted around the corner of the building, and Nathan spared the broken door a glance before baring his teeth and ran harder. Had to get away and lure them. They started down the street when a voice sounded from behind them. "Nathan!" Nathan skidded to a stop, turning around. M rs. Wilson was at a window, with a long scratch along her face. "The Airforce Academy!" She called. "There are people there that can help you! They-" she didn't finish. A black mastiff threw itself at her, and the two disappeared from sight. "No!" Ember screamed, turning to sprint back inside. She didn't get far. Nathan latched onto her arm, yanking her back. "We can't," he said, forcing himself to stay calm. But he couldn't keep the quiver from his voice. "There are too many; we have to go, now!" Tears stung at Ember's eyes but she nodded firmly, biting her lower lip. She hesitated, opening her mouth to say something when there was a shattering crash and the two jolted, spinning around. A dog had jumped through the window, shaking itself free of glass while the other appeared at the doorway, both of them snarling menacingly. "Run!" Nathan shouted and while he was running he brought up his leg so that he could rip his shoe off, hopping frantically. Ember shot him a glare. "What the hell are you doing?!" "Slowing them down!" When he finally wrestled off his boot he spun around, launching it at a hellhound. He always sucked at baseball, but as if his smelly boot was guided by some godlike force, it hit the dog right in the nose. It whimpered, stunned and distracted enough to turn in order to avoid any further incoming missiles - slamming right into a light post. The last one was speeding up, its paws tearing at the street as it chased them with a blood curdling howl. Nathan could hear Ember panting beside him and he swore, looking around. They had to find a way to escape or they were about to be a demon dog's dinner. Then he spotted it. A U-Haul truck, its back doors open with couches and furniture sprawled on the grass. "Come on!" He shouted, veering to sprint towards it and he could hear Ember at his heels. He vaulted over a table, scrambling up into the truck and spun around, grasping Ember's hand and heaved the girl into the truck. As soon as she was inside he jumped up, grabbing the bars of the doors and slammed them shut. In that moment, the truck jerked as the hound rammed it, knocking him onto his bottom and scrambled backwards, Ember crawling up against him and they huddled. They could hear the dog growling and howling from inside, and felt Ember's hand grasping his arm painfully tight. He didn't care. His dark eyes were locked on the door, his body tense, ready to spring. Eventually, the hound's growls faded away, and there was quiet. The quiet was broken momentarily by a single, blood curdling howl, then all was silent. Nathan and Ember didn't dare to move a muscle. They clung to one another, their breaths and pants the only thing to be heard, their bodies convulsing with light trembles. After nearly ten minutes, Nathan finally uncoiled himself from Ember, whispering, "I think it's gone." "We have to go check on them," Ember whispered. She started to stand and Nathan yanked her back down. "No!" He hissed, looking at her. "We don't know if it's still out there...for all we know, it could be waiting for us. Besides," he hesitated. "I think Mrs. Wilson can take care of herself." "She's an old lady." "An old lady that pulled a sword from the cupboard," Nathan said as Ember sat down beside him with a sigh. The truck jerked suddenly and he flew out his hand, grabbing her shoulder to keep her from toppling forward, his body tensing. "We're moving," he said as the truck began to rumble. "We're supposed to be going to the airport," Ember pointed out. "We need to get to the Academy." Nathan shrugged helplessly. "I don't know why Mrs. Wilson would want us to go there...and honestly right now, I just want to get away from here. Once we put some distance between us and those dogs, we can head to an airport and get to Colorado." He heaved a long, tired yawn. Now that they were out of danger, his bones melted inside his body and Nathan snuggled into the corner of the truck. "We need to sleep," he murmured, hearing Ember's returning yawn. "I'll keep watch." "Are you sure?" She asked. Her eyes were already fluttering with exhaustion and he smirked, giving a nod. "Yeah. I'm sure." She nodded and leaned her cheek against his shoulder, closing her eyes. On any other occasion, he would have brushed her off. However, after nearly being mauled by massive monster hounds, he really didn't care. He sat still until he heard the steadiness of her breath as she finally fell asleep. His promise to stay awake was short lived, because his eyes began to droop, his shoulders sagging and with a long sigh, his head slumped up against hers, and he was asleep.