up Ichor as he slammed hard to the ground before his massive sword shifted into a double barrel shotgun. "Eat lead you Tainted Scum!" Ares snarled as his Shotgun let out a thundering crack and Havoc flew backwards in a shower of oily back smoke. The son of Krios landed hard on his shoulder ten feet back as he rose to his feet ready to meet Ares's next attack. Havoc snarled as another thundering crack shot through the valley. This time Havoc braced himself merely jolting backwards from the godly buckshot which shredded his armor and clothes. The God and demititan surged at each other Ares now holding his massive broad sword again. "You dare face me Mortal! You dare make me BLEED MY OWN ICHOR! TASTE MY BLADE!" "I rather not but you seem so found of Fallen perhaps another wound is necessary!" Havoc chuckled as he parried the god's wild strikes. The son of Krios spun around deflecting the gods' next strike and lashed out with Fallen. The Ebony blade sliced diagonally down Ares' face in a shower of golden Ichor. Ares roared in pain as he lashed out blindly with his massive blade. Havoc moved fast evading the downward strike and lashed out with his own crippling strike to the base of Ares's hilt. The massive blade struck against the ground as Ares moved to retrieve it. Havoc was faster as he surged forward with a jarring knee the gods' chin. The god of war staggered backwards roaring in pain his neck was grabbed and the god was slammed face first into the dirt which soon was covered in a puddle of Ichor. Ares reached out to grab his blade only to be stabbed in the shoulder upon gripping his blade. "Tell me god how does the dirt taste if you Ichor mixed in with it?" "What have you done to yourself?" Ares growled as he lifted his blade upwards willing to take on his Devine form. The god of war yelled in pain as his stab wounds smoldered and turned black etching his body with ebony veins. Ares eyes looked up upon Fallen which was smoldering with the gods' blood. To late did Ares realize what that blade was. "That blade... The Blade of Ruin! How? We cast it into the depths of Mount Olympus! Even a god would burn to nothing trying to obtain it!" "I am not a god, Ares." Havoc laughed cynically as he drove Fallen into Ares back severing the gods' spine. The god let out an unearthly scream of pain as Havoc pulled free his blade. "And what I did to myself... Well let's just say before the gods when darkness ran wild, Demons were very real. I simply found one in the darkness and made a friend. Now any last words Ares? Oh, and I would choose them wisely." "You cannot kill a god boy!" Ares spat Ichor which had begun to decay and turn black at Havoc which sizzled on the boys ivory skin. The god of war cursed wildly as Havoc ran him through once more and twisted Fallen before pulling it out. "You may steal my essence boy! But you will never kill-" Havoc brought down Fallen in a deadly arch as it cleaved Ares' head clean off stopping him mid-sentence. The god gasped before he began to crumble until all that was left was bleach white sand. Havoc stuck his blade into the pile of sand which hissed and fused with his blade forming a star on the ebony blade. "You were right Ares one cannot kill a god but sadly you were no god. At least not after I ran you through." Havoc said to his blade Fallen knowing a part of Ares could hear him. "Next the Romans, your sons and daughters will suffer but your sacrifice will not be wasted." "Lord the sun rises we must fall back this is our deal." A Dracaena soldier hissed pointing to the sky her oddly ebony scales had begun smoldering slightly. The crimson dawn was turning golden on the hills making Havoc sigh with a nod. Havoc knew that his endless spawn of monsters were limited to sun down to sun rise. Only Erebus could command the army during the day. Havoc grimaced still disappointed that even after he had slain Erebus and made the primordial deities temple his own Havoc still needed to claim Erebus's seat of power. Whatever that may be Maxwell was sure to have that now. "My lord we are falling back to Erebus's domain." "So be it I will address the survivors." Havoc said raising his blade high willing it to project his voice to the Romans. "Your god had been slain your home has been razed and your soldiers decimated. You will not survive a second attack that much is certain. If the people of New Rome wish to live they will leave and turn from their gods. One has fallen and more are to come. I will leave you to ponder upon who you will have faith in; your pitiful gods or my very real blade and army. Do not take my gift lightly, I will kill every one of you and in your death the gods will come and they too will die. Think on your sins Romans darkness awaits." Havoc brought down his blade slicing through the air calling upon Erebus's essence. A long slash of darkness hung in the air as Havoc pulled himself through and into the Temple of Erebus. His yellow eyes cut through the darkness seeing the Ocean of monsters making a path to Havoc's throne. The God Killer sat at his throne watching as his path closed and left him sitting above the Ocean of monsters. Havoc looked at his right wrist which still had a long black scab from where Erebus had given him the blood of a demon. He took a deep breath as he let the darkness overtake him.