that contouring? (Okay, so Thalia's friends might have come over a lot and they might have taught him how to apply makeup. Um.) "Yeah, well, they didn't spend all this time on my face so that I would look the same," she replied, laughing slightly. "I- I'm sorry- I didn't mean-" "It's fine," she reassured, her lips curved in a small smile. "And by the way, you look pretty good too." "Thanks," he said, rubbing a hand against his jaw. "Do you think the beard looks realistic enough?" Reyna chuckled. "Yeah… It's going to feel like hell to take off, though." Jason shrugged, scratching at it. "You know…" Reyna started. "Scratching could not make it worse, an 'twere such a face as yours were." Jason threw back his head and laughed. "Those are the two I was telling you about," Paul said, discreetly pointing to Jason and Reyna up on the stage to Sally. "I sort of see it…" Sally trailed off. "Wait for it," Paul told her grinning. A few acts later, the moment came. "It is a man's office, but not yours," Reyna/Beatrice said, raising an eyebrow at Jason/Benedick. Jason leaned forward and cupped both his hands around Reyna's face. "I do love nothing in the world so well as you. Is not that strange?" Reyna sucked in a breath and stared up at him while Jason's eyes seemed stuck on her's. They stayed like that for a while before Reyna shakily said, "As strange as the thing I know not. It were as possible for me to say I loved nothing so well as you: but believe me not; and yet I lie not; I confess nothing, nor I deny nothing. I am sorry for my cousin." Jason didn't take his hands away from Reyna's cheeks, nor did she lean away. "By my sword, Beatrice, thou lovest me." "Now do you see it?" Paul mumbled to Sally. She lightly smacked his arm for interrupting. "Shhh, I am genuinely interested in this." Sally was leaning forward, her blue eyes sparkling. "I would not deny you; but, by this good day, I yield upon great persuasion; and partly to save your life, for I was told you were in a consumption," Reyna told Jason, sighing. "Peace!" He cried. "I will stop your mouth." There was a small moment of hesitation before Jason swept Reyna up into his arms as if she belonged there which, she felt, in that moment, she did. Jason's lips were warm and his arms were warm and his body was warm and Reyna felt warm and tingly all over. She heard a few people clapping and a few people cheering but then someone coughed and she realized that the play had to go on. Still, even as Percy/Don Pedro asked Jason/Benedick what it was like being a married man, she couldn't wipe the dumb face off of her face. "My lord, your brother John is ta'en in flight, And brought with armed men back to Messina," Damien White as the Messenger cried. Jason cocked his head as if thinking before jovially singing out, "Think not on him till to-morrow: I'll devise thee brave punishments for him. Strike up, pipers." Cheerful music filled the room and Reyna and Jason whirled around the stage, Reyna's blue dress flaring, along with Piper's pink and white one. The curtains closed and Sally burst into a standing ovation along with all the other parents. Mrs. Rogers started calling out the cast members as they walked out, bowed, and stepped back into a line with a big gap in the middle. "Damien White and Gwendolyn Harper as the Messenger and Ursula!" Applause. "Connor and Travis Stoll as Verges and Dogberry!" Applause. "Bryce Lawrence, Octavian Filius, Nancy Bobfit, and Matt Sloan as Conrad, Don John, Margaret, and Borachio!" There wasn't much applause here. It wasn't because of the part the people played, it was mainly because no one really liked these specific people. "Grover Underwood, Dakota Campbell, and Pollux Thyrsos as Leonato, Antonio, and Balthasar!" Applause. "Percy Jackson as Don Pedro!" A lot of applause. A lot of it coming from teenaged girls (and a few guys) who's parents had dragged them here. "Piper McLean and Max Ackerly as Hero and Claudio!" Piper and Max waltzed onto the stage and the crowd cheered and whistled. Jason could see Tristan McLean in the audience, sizing up Max who had just been kissed on the cheek by Piper. "And last but most definitely not least, Jason Grace and Reyna Ramirez-Arellano as Benedick and Beatrice!" There was applause. There was cheering. Then Reyna and Jason waltzed onto the stage and she looked up at him and he dipped her and decided, "Well, we're halfway there and I've wanted to do this forever so might as well go for it." And they kissed. For the second time. And the audience went wild . As she took her place beside Jason in the line of cast members and took her final bow, Reyna felt an exuberant sort of grin on her face and as soon as the curtain fell she and Jason were surrounded. "What was it like? Did you plan on it happening? What did he taste like? What did she taste like? Was this your first time?" And so on and so on. And then for some reason Reyna felt like kissing Jason again because she didn't know what they were and he didn't know what they were but they were young and beautiful so what the heck? Then for some reason there was cheering again and a spotlight on them and when she opened her eyes and Jason opened his eyes there was spotlight on them and then parents and students and teachers were cheering and they were alone on the stage and when both of them turned around CONGRATULATIONS TO THE NEW SOULMATES was projected up onto the back wall so really, what else was there to do than take a final bow?