"That was Kronos." "Well, Kronos wasn't trying to kill me on Mount Othrys, now was he?" Thalia counters. "I wasn't trying to kill you. I was trying to stop you from killing me. You were the one who kicked me off of the mountain." Luke knows this is a losing battle seeing as Thalia wasn't the one that betrayed Olympus. Still, seeing her has ignited his old Unable-To-Let-An-Argument-Go stubbornness. "Low blow, Castellan," Thalia hisses. But Luke can tell he's gotten under her skin. Her fingers are curling into fists and her eyebrows are furrowed and one does not simply spend so much time with Thalia Grace and not pick up a few of her quirks. He takes a step back, lowering his pride. (Hm, maybe Annabeth has rubbed off on him a little too.) "Alright, alright, I'm just stalling." "Damn right you are," Thalia grumbles under her breath, still looking at Luke expectantly. "I did horrible things and I'm never going to be able to get over that and I know you're never going to forgive me especially since you're a hunter now but- But just hear me out, okay? This isn't some crappy pity story, it's just that I… That somewhere along the line, I think it was when we met Hal, that I realized how bad the gods could really be. And then… The resentment just grew. It was sort of the demigod version of hating parents, and by the time I realized it wasn't right and started trying to fight Kronos- It just… I was in too deep. This isn't an excuse for what I did. I know I did a shitload of bad stuff but, but hey, at least I died in the end, right?" Luke isn't sure what he's expecting from Thalia after his stream of excuses. Another cutting remark? A punch to the face? Death by lightning? He definitely isn't expecting the fierce hug that is accompanied with warm tears trickling down Thalia's face and sinking into his shirt. It's been such a long time since Thalia had cried on him that all he can do is hug her back gently. "Don't ever say that," Thalia murmurs in his neck. "Don't ever say it was a good thing that you died because it wasn't ." "Okay," Luke says quietly back. "Okay." And it's almost ironic how that's the word that they choose. How okay is everything they are but at the same time everything they aren't. Luke isn't exactly sure what's going to happen after the meeting, what's going to be achieved, what's going to get better- But he doesn't expect to be slowly but surely accepted back into the demigod family. He doesn't expect meeting Jason Grace and saying, "So this is the guy that Thalia missed so much…" and then smiling and adding, "I can see why" so kindly that Jason blushes to the tips of his ears and wonders if this is what having an older brother is like. He doesn't expect to help Percy plan dates because Annabeth hasn't told Percy everything that the seven-year-old had told Luke and he definitely doesn't expect reassuring Percy that no , he does not like Annabeth and no , Annabeth definitely doesn't like him . He doesn't expect meeting the new Nico di Angelo, finally happy, and Will Solace, his boyfriend. "I called it!" Luke crows when the couple blushingly tells him they are together. "I always knew you were gay, Solace!" Nico can't stop laughing after that and that is when Luke is introduced to the amazing golden-eyed wonder that is Hazel Levesque and her endless stream of, "Alright, you made Nico laugh, we can be friends now." He meets Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano and is, like ninety percent sure that Thalia and her are secretly together. Not, like, together together, well, maybe that too- Reyna just laughs and says, "She's too into one of her other hunters… Which one was it, Dani?" Thalia lightly punches Reyna in the arm and explains that Reyna and her had bonded over shared experiences with Jason and Luke would be lying if he says that he's not at least a little relieved. And Luke doesn't expect slowly building back his friendship with Thalia. He accepts that they won't ever be the platonic bordering on romantic friends that they were before because Thalia is with Dani now (no matter how many times she denies it) and she genuinely enjoys being with the Hunters. Somewhere along the line, he's accepted not expecting things and kissing Reyna is definitely not something expected. (Seriously, is he expecting anything now?" It starts with her asking if he's a demigod and him saying, "No, why?" And then Reyna just smiles and Luke is enamored with her smile and she simply tells him, "Because if you weren't, I wouldn't be able to do-" She cups his face with her hands, " This." And then she kisses him. The End. (Well, I mean, it's not really the end, because then they have a daughter and then another daughter and another daughter, and- You know what I'll stop now.) He knows who he is. His name is Luke Castellan. He is thirty-years-old. He has blonde hair and blue eyes. He is the son of Marianne and Henry Clarke. His hobbies include running, travelling, and being happy. A lot of being happy. Endings? What are these endings you speak of? Also: To anyone expecting (see what I did there? Hint, hint. Wink wink. Sorry…) Thaluke, I was actually planning to write it to, but I decided to just let Thalia live life with the Hunters and I remembered Aphrodite's promise to Reyna and then this just happened, so… Yeah. If any of you want an alternate ending: Theyna, Thaluke, then tell me and I'll try to write one. Other than that… Review! Favourite! And if you want better fics… Don't go on my profile, because all I have there is shit like this except with Jeyna!