and it was a little bit cleaner. I walked down the path to where our house was. It was demolished almost twenty years ago. I was there as they destroyed. It was one of the only memories I have of her apart from her necklace I wear around my neck. I was heart broken as they turned our house in to another house, just a little more 'complex'. Now it was a bigger and more relevant house. Architecture had changed drastically over the years. I looked up at the sky, it was ten o'clock, I couldn't wait for midnight. Hopefully it will lift my spirits a little bit. Midnight is the richest hour of the night. The moon shines bright and the air is quiet and thick. It absorbs in to my skin like nothing you've ever experienced before. You are probably wondering what happens to me during the day. It amazes me how you puny humans can run during the day. The hot sun shooting it's rays down upon you and you act like you don't even feel it. It feels like the sun sucks every bit of energy in my body in a matter of seconds, so during the day, I find a nice shelter and sleep, yep, I am nocturnal. It is not as bad as it sounds. You guys have no idea how lucky you are. I looked down on the humans through there windows. So innocent they don't even know. They can live their lives without the understanding of how horrible this world really is. They don't even have to worry about it because they sub-consciously know that there will always be heroes to save them. They are cowards yes, but they do not have that duty of protecting Earths worth, it's not their job. Lucky. Suddenly, I felt that familiar throb in the back of my head. I looked through my mind trying to find the location of the crime. I almost jumped back in surprise, why was it there? I asked myself. Well this should be interesting. Third person point of view, The throne room was in chaos. Hades had impregnated a mortal woman almost two years ago. Now, the child was almost eighteen months old. Zeus had gathered the Olympians for an important meeting discussing the fate of this child. All of us Gods know how powerful and dangerous these children of the big three are. The child stood in the middle of the throne room, surrounded by the Olympians all seated in their respected seats. Peter his name was. He stood there crying, as the shackles secured him to the ground. Hades stood nest to him, with a pleading look on his face. Zeus sat on his overly dramatic throne looking down at the two of them with a calculating expression on his face. "Brother, you know the law we established not two centuries ago, and yet you chose to ignore it?" Zeus asked, beginning the meeting. Hades sunk in to his stance. I was interested to see how he would deal with this. Usually Hades is too proud to take shit from Zeus, but now it looks like Hades is afraid of what might happen. The God of the Underworld moved closer to his son as Zeus stood from his seat. "Answer me!" The Lord of the Skies screamed at the top of his lungs. His sudden outburst triggered a nerve in Hades as he straightened his back and opened his mouth. "No! I will not answer you! This is a waste of everybody's time." Hades pleaded. Zeus did not take this well. He grabbed his lightening bolt from his waist and shot a bright pulse of energy towards Hades' kid. In a matter of seconds all that was left of Peter was a small mountain of ash. Hades was devastated. He dropped to his knees and filled his hands with the dust of his son. Tears ran down his face but his expression didn't change. "Now, you will leave at once! Do not make that mistake twice!" Zeus screamed across the throne room at his brother. Hades looked up at the lord of the skies and nodded slightly before teleporting himself back to the underworld. All the Olympians looked at each other, searching for agreeing opinions. Mixed expressions filled the room, half of satisfaction and half of pure hatred and anger. The room was on complete silence until suddenly a large burst of black energy swept through the room with immense power. All of the Olympians were knocked out of their thrones and were struggling to get back up. Zeus got up and laid his eyes on probably the scariest and intimidating creature he has ever seen. A few gasps escaped the Olympians as the dark smoke began to clear. In the middle of the throne room stood a human like figure, layered up with intense armour. The Chest plate was a dark black with spiked shoulders; He wore a dark red cape that dropped down to his knees. In his left hand he held a large shield that was a dark black with a dark red lining on the edges. In the middle sat a large red emerald that radiated power. In his right hand held a large sword that shined under the light. The extremely sharp blade had a emerald core that ran the whole way up the blade. His helmet had a similar shape to a Spartans except it had two sharp horns sticking out of the top. Between the eye gaps you could see the bright sharp green lights that shined. All the Olympians were in a state of awe as this being stood. He didn't move a muscle. He could feel every body's eyes on him but he didn't care, he had been through enough in his life to care. Zeus spoke out shakily. New story. PM me if you can Beta. Poll on my profile for the pairing! Voting closes by next week.