fingers on either side of his boxers and slowly pulled them off. Hazel tried hard not to stare at Frank's cock. She had over seen one that wasn't a cartoon in a cheesy health video. She bent over and her hot breath made Frank shudder. She wrapped her lips around his cock and went as deep as she could without gagging. She went up and down and up and down, sucking a bit at the top and letting her tongue slide on the way down. Hazel kept up the act for a good minute or two before Frank, hands clinging to the sheets for dear life, came into her mouth. Hazel swallowed and crawled up meet Frank's face. "Hazel," he croaked, "You're fucking amazing." Hazel was surprised at how much him cursing turned her on, "Why thank you." she purred. "Let me return the favor." Frank flipped Hazel over and slid off the bed so he was on the floor and Hazel's legs were hanging off the bed. Frank could already feel his erection hardening once again. He gently took Hazel's underpants off, the soft cotton sliding down easily. Hazel clenched her jaw in anticipation as Frank breathed on her V. She almost bit her lip clean through when Frank performed the first ginger lick. She whimpered and put a pillow over her face. Frank continued licking and swirling his tongue around in no steady rhythm, which drove Hazel crazy. Frank closed his eyes and tried not to come again. The muffled sound of Hazel grunting and screaming, "Oh gods, oh gods, oh gods." was enough to set him over the edge. Luckily, Hazel came before Frank could jizz onto the floor. Hazel flung the pillow off her face, her hair sticking up in all directions and her face flushed. "I don't know what to say." she rasped, "I have nothing to compare that to but dang, Zhang." Frank licked his lips and crawled back onto the bed, "Thank you, Hazel. I really didn't know what I was doing so that's reassuring." Hazel laughed, the sound was crisp and sweet. They laid there for a moment, Frank's arm wrapped around Hazel and Hazel gently running her fingers up and down Frank's stomach, dangerously close to his still erect dick. "So, Hazel." Frank cautiously began, "Are we still going to actually do it?" Hazel smirked, "I don't see why not. And, Frank?" Frank turned his head and gazed at her thoughtfully. "I just want you to know how much more comfortable I feel with you right now." "I feel the same way, Levesque." Frank kissed her. Hazel moaned and Frank paused for a split second. "You like being called Levesque ?" he purred while trailing his tongue over her nipples and clawing her back with his hands. Hazel moaned again and Frank muttered, "Levesque, Levesque, Levesque." over and over as he pleasured her. His gravelly voice and Hazel's sweet moans were a perfect mix. Frank's member twitched with anticipation and Hazel forgot about ever feeling embarrassed as she snatched the condom off the table to put it on Frank. She ripped it open with her teeth and pushed Frank so they were both sitting up. She rolled it over to find that it didn't fit. "What the fuck?" Frank withdrew at the realization that the condom was too small. "I'll get another." Hazel jumped in, "You should stay here. Where were they?" Frank told her and Hazel swiftly wrapped a blanket around herself and exited the room, "Don't have any fun without me." she demanded. The hall had small lights dotting the perimeter and cast a yellow glow on Hazel's face. She darted into the bathroom and quickly grabbed another condom, this one in a bigger size, when she bumped into Piper. Both demigods looked as if they were going to scream. Piper looked as if she were about to say something when she caught herself, "You go, Hazel." Piper grabbed a condom and exited the bathroom. Hazel waited a few beats until she heard a door close before heading back to her room. This time, the condom fit and beauty laid under the beast, waiting. "Are you sure about this?" Frank asked. "Please don't treat me like a child." Frank entered her. At first, there was pain. But then it subsided as Frank's cock hit deep inside her. Hazel let out a moan. Frank seemed to be trying extremely hard not to come first or crush Hazel. Hazel wrapped tight around him made him shiver and moan with unbearable pleasure. The inside of her was slick and warm and Hazel's nails, drawing blood on his back were hard to ignore. Their pace was slow. One and two and one and two. In and out and in and out. Hazel wrapped her legs around Frank's waist and helped with the motions. She needed him deeper and deeper. Her heels dug into his back. Frank couldn't keep himself quiet. He moaned and grunted uncontrollably. Hazel was no better. Hazel cursed the whole time. "Oh my fucking gods, Zhang. Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit . Please harder , harder. Fuck, I need you deeper!" She said this through moans and gritted teeth. It took all of Frank's willpower not to come first between the cursing and rotating of Hazel's hips. Her curly hair smelled like baby powder and lemons. Her skin was soft and beautiful. Her golden eyes fluttered open and closed as she climaxed. Both Frank and Hazel came at the same time as Hazel screamed " FUCK " into a pillow she had quickly grabbed. They collapsed and panted. It was a full minute before either of them spoke. "Wow." Hazel breathed. "No shit, wow. "Frank seconded. "You - you don't think that this was a mistake, do you?" "It can't be a mistake if I'm basing it on how fucking awesome I feel right now." "Good. And if it was a mistake, it's the best one I've ever made.