how he couldn't fall asleep, which didn't seem to surprise her since they'd had discussions about sleep and nightmares before. He explained at how he snapped and told his mom about everything, even things he could hardly think about himself. He left out the part that he was sobbing until the very end of his story. All the way through, Annabeth rubbed his chest and stroked his hair like he was a helpless puppy. "And uh, this is the part I've kind of been avoiding telling you," Percy choked, "Because it's really not like me and it's super humiliating." "Percy, I've been from hell and back with you," Annabeth said sympathetically, "You shouldn't have to worry about telling me things." "Well, when my mom first came in, I - I started crying. And I cried a lot. Like a fucking baby." Percy glanced over in fear to see Annabeth giggling, but she wasn't. Her stormy eyes were locked with his and she nodded for him to continue. "I just couldn't help it. After everything we've been through, I couldn't hold it in anymore." Percy hung his head with shame and Annabeth shook hers and lifted his chin with her fingers. "Percy, don't beat yourself up about this. There's absolutely nothing wrong with anything that happened last night." "Even if I did talk about 'fucking my girlfriend' in front of my mom," Percy grinned. "Hey, what're you gonna do?" Annabeth proceeded to attach her lips to his. Best. Girlfriend. Ever. This time their make-out session wasn't interrupted. As the room got hotter, Percy's hands tucked under Annabeth's shirt and slipped under the lacy bra she only wore for special occasions. Soon enough, Annabeth's hands trailed from Percy's hair down his chest and below his belt. His jeans were soon popped open and his fly was down. Annabeth slowly kneaded the bulge in Percy's boxers and Percy moaned loudly. Percy removed his hands from Annabeth's breasts and she lifted her arms as he pulled her shirt over her head. "Let's go into your room," Annabeth breathed. Annabeth grabbed her shirt off the floor and beat Percy to his room, tossing her shirt onto his desk and sitting on his bed like a goddess. "Who's turn is it first?" she bit her swollen rose lip. "Both of ours," Percy approached her and she was forced to lay down as his broad shoulders hovered above her with strong arms on either side. "Do you mean," Annabeth wondered if she understood correctly, "Like, sex?" "Only if you want to," Percy explained, "I have condoms in my nightstand." "Let's do it," Annabeth's eyes lit up, "I've been wanting to do this for so long." "Me too," Percy's voice was muted as he sucked on Annabeth's neck. Then, one thing led to another and Annabeth's entrance was hovering over Percy's cock and they both froze. Annabeth didn't know why she was so nervous because she loved Percy more than anything and this was supposed to be a magical experience for the both of them. And Percy couldn't comprehend why he was so afraid of having sex with his girlfriend of nearly three years. They both started to talk at the same time. "Maybe we shouldn't-" "Are you sure this is-" They both blushed. "You go first-" "Go ahead-" Annabeth sat on Percy's legs, "Maybe this is a bad idea." Percy nodded, "Yeah, I don't think we should go through with this." "Good, me either." "For now maybe we should just stick to what we know." "Right," Annabeth peeled off the unused condom and set it to the side, "And in that case..." The two continued more comfortably. As soon as Annabeth's delicate lips and skillful tongue popped off Percy's dick, his head was soon between her legs and she was emitting little sounds that drove Percy crazy. Then, when all was said and done, they put their clothes back on to protect themselves from the icy apartment and settled down on the couch. "I think that was an embarrassing moment avoided for the both of us," Annabeth admitted, "First times are supposed to suck, anyways." "I'd rather avoid the awkwardness and leave it for another time," Percy agreed. They spent the rest of the afternoon snuggling on the couch, flipping through channels and occasionally leaning in for a kiss. Percy couldn't help but smile at how much of a normal couple they'd been acting like recently. Watching television together, fooling around when parents weren't home, and going on regular dates to movies and restaurants. "What're you smiling about?" Annabeth nudged him. "Nothing," Percy sighed, "Just happy to be here with you." And that was the complete truth. Annabeth had always been his anchor. Ever since he bathed in the River Styx and maybe even before that. She'd been his reason for staying mortal after the Battle of Manhattan and his motivation to keep moving forward when Hera granted him the blessing of amnesia. It was only a distant memory in his brain when Annabeth had gone over than cliff when they were fourteen and how utterly and undeniably terrified he was when he thought she was going to join the Hunters of Artemis. He chuckled at how obtuse he'd been about his feelings for Annabeth all those years. How completely in denial he was about even having a crush on her. Percy and Annabeth struggled across the country to find that damn lightning bolt and sailed through the Sea of Monsters. Alone, they held up the sky and together they weaved their way through the labyrinth. They fought in the Battle of Manhattan and then plunged into endless darkness. With their brave friends, they defeated Mother Earth and something in Percy's gut told him that there was more to come. More pissy gods and ruthless monsters to face. So many more quests and journeys to be forced to follow. Because truly, Percy was almost an adult. Which means that his adventure was only just about to begin.