and how it had taken away some of the stress of the situation. He hoped she would come soon. He noticed belatedly that he was holding Iulius, subconsciously reached for his main method of defense. Of course, it would pass straight through a mortal, and while it was completely harmless to them, Jason could get in trouble just for being caught holding either of the weapons it brought. Most mortals were aware that they couldn't be hurt by either Imperial Gold or Celestial Bronze, but just the sight of a demigod carrying a weapon was enough to send them all into a panic. Percy had told Jason a story about a demigod he'd once known named Luke. Luke had gotten fed up with how demigods were treated, by both the magical and mortal worlds. "So," Percy had said, in a dark, hushed voice, "Luke had made a sword that was half celestial bronze and half mortal steel." "Isn't that impossible?" Jason had asked, eyes wide. "He had it custom made by Telekhines," Percy said, "in the forges of Hephaestus himself." "What happened to him?" Jason asked, unsure if he actually wanted to hear the answer. Percy had stood up, avoiding Jason's eyes. "What do you think?" he'd asked, bitterness thick in his voice. "He got caught, and the Feds carted him off. He's long gone now, probably." Jason had watched as Percy had walked away. Right before the older boy had turned the corner out of the living room, he'd paused. Over his shoulder, he had said, "See, Jason, it's not the monsters you have to look out for. Monsters are easy. Monsters are black and white. You know exactly what they want. Mortals are the ones to worry about. You never know which mortal will lay down their lives for you, or which ones will stab you in the back and call themselves a hero for doing it. Sometimes humans are more dangerous than the gods could ever hope to be." A small Sudan pulled up to the curb. Jason couldn't see much through the tinted windows, but he could make out the vague silhouette of a girl sitting in the driver's seat. The silhouette made an exaggerated waving motion. Okay. So all Jason had to do was to unlock the phone booth's door and sprint over to Piper's car, all before the figure could shoot him with that taser-looking thing. Of course, the door was facing the figure, so he'd have to go towards it before he could even get close to Piper. Fun. Alright. Jason had done more with higher stakes. He could do this. Very slowly, he put the pay phone back on its cradle, absentmindedly wiping the sticky residue off of his hand onto his jeans. Without looking away from figure's eyes, (or well, where he thought the figure's eyes were), Jason unlocked the pay phone door. Jason took a deep breath to steady himself and shifted his weight to the balls of his feet. Then he shoved the door open with his shoulder. For a brief, terrifying moment, Jason and the figure stood face to face. Under the hat, Jason could see a long scar tracing down its face, from just above its left eyebrow to the corner of its mouth. Jason pivoted and ran towards Piper's car, narrowly evading the edge of the phone booth as he did. He heard something whine to life behind him, and dodged right on instinct. He saw a bright, concentrated beam of light shoot past him and scorch the wall of a building. Piper threw open the passenger-side door, and Jason dived in. Before he was even fully in the seat, Piper floored it, leaving the figure behind. A bright flash of light followed, but it missed the car completely. Jason managed to pull both of his legs into the car and close the door just as Piper made a turn at a speed that was most definitely illegal. Jason was breathing heavily, still coursing with adrenaline. He swallowed. "Thanks," he said. "No problem," Piper replied, glancing at the rear-view mirror. "What was that?" she asked. "The light gun whatever?" Jason shook his head. "I'm not sure. There was an electric current, but nothing that I could recognize." Piper glanced at him in surprise. "You can recognize electrical currents? Put on your seat belt." "Um, yeah," Jason said as he did. "I'm a son of Zeus." She let out a whistle. "Aphrodite," she responded to his unasked question. She looked over at him. "Are you sure you're okay?" At the speeds she was going, Jason half wanted to tell her to please look at the road, please please please, he did not go through all of that just to be killed in a car wreck. On the other hand, Piper had the prettiest eyes he'd ever seen. It may have been the flickering lights, but he couldn't tell if they were blue or green or brown, or some beautiful combination of the three. He could stare into those eyes forever. "Yeah," he said. "Yeah, I'm fine." It was obvious that Piper didn't like his answer, but she nodded anyway, turning back to the road. "Okay. We're gonna go pick up Percy and Annabeth now." "What? Why?" Jason asked, dread replacing the adrenaline. "What happened?" Piper shook her head. "I don't know, but my Piper-sense is tingling. They're in danger, and I gotta go kick the butt of whoever's doing it. You with me?" "'Course," Jason said, sitting straighter in his seat. "I'm always up for some good butt-kicking." Piper smiled, just a small twitch of the corner of her mouth, and barreled down the road. It's been forever since I posted a story, omg. I apologize if it's riddled with typos. Just a short little fic I wrote for fun! I know absolutely nothing about how New York City and phone booths work. This is a cool au and I may end up writing more for it.