smile, which causes him to keep talking. "And, also, you know… I didn't want… spoilers." "What?" Annabeth spits out, her voice much more derisive than she'd intended. "I've seen you in your bra and underwear before, but now it's like… now it's like there's a chance that I could see you like that when it's just the two of us, and I didn't want… spoilers." "That is so fucking ridiculous, Percy." "It's gonna be awesome later, I promise you." "How do you know there's going to be a later?" "Mostly 'cause you're starting to smile and your eyes keep flicking to my lips." Annabeth tries to cover her smile with her mouth, but it just gets bigger. "Dammit!" she bursts out, making Percy laugh. She watches him throw his head back in the mirror, his skin glowing from the soft lighting. "That made perfect sense, you asshole." "I know," he smirks. He gets closer to her, wrapping his arms around her waist. "Annabeth," he says, looking her dead in the eyes. "I want to get to a place with you where I bring you home to meet my mom. So I don't care how we go about doing that- I just want it to happen." "Well," she says, studying his face carefully. "There's a few things that need to occur before we can even think about that happening." "Like?" "Like… I need to give you my number." "Oh yeah. That's very important." "And I need to take down the moustache poster of you that I have in my bedroom." "Uh-" "Kidding." "Are you?" "Yes, definitely." "Are you sure about that?" "Come on, doofus. Piper is waiting." He holds her hand as they walk out of the dressing room. Madison Square Garden has 18,200 seats in it, and Percy Jackson has filled them all. Annabeth, Piper, and Jason stare down at him from their positions in one of the VIP boxes and try not to be overwhelmed by the amount of people he's playing to. It's the biggest crowd he's ever sold, and the three of them had been huddled around Annabeth's phone during the first opening act, trying to say anything they could to comfort him. In the end, Annabeth had ended up giving up on the phone and had headed backstage to comfort her boyfriend. A few people had recognized her, but she's usually able to slip in under the radar wherever she goes. If anything, people are recognizing her more than ever now that she's Percy Jackson's girlfriend. He's okay now, she thinks. He's sitting alone on stage, bathed in a circle of light and seated on a stool with his guitar. She can't detect any shake in his hands, and he's not tapping his fingers against the guitar, which is a nervous tick he usually has when he's talking to the audience. He's playing off of them well, actually, and Annabeth finds herself beaming at him from where she sits. "He's amazing," Sally says, leaning closer to the railing and letting her prideful smile fill her face. "I can't believe he can do stuff like this." "Me either," Annabeth admits. "Singing in public isn't either of our fortes, though, Mrs. Jackson." They laugh. "Percy told me he's been trying to teach you piano, though," says Sally. "Do you think you'll go up on stage with him someday?" "Absolutely not," Annabeth promises as Jason and Piper laugh. "He's only been teaching me for the last six months and I can already tell that I'm no… him." She side-eyes Piper and Jason as he places a kiss on her cheek, then her lips. They're going on two months and Annabeth could not be more nauseated by how in love they are. They tell her that it's hypocritical, but Annabeth doesn't think that she and Percy were ever so bad. From down on stage, Percy is strumming a few random chords on his guitar. "So," he says, abruptly placing his hands over the strings to stop them from making any more noise. "I'm going to overshare right now, and it's because I kind of can't help it. So, as a lot of you know because the paparazzi is ruthless in New York… I'm in love right now. Like, really stupidly, head-over-heels in love, and she thinks I'm a doofus because every time she kisses me I get a new idea for a song, but… these past few months have been some of the best songwriting months of my life. And recently, I wrote a new one that I wanted to share with you. So… yeah. I'm gonna play it now." He gets up and walks over to the piano, then starts playing a melody that Annabeth has never heard before. Usually, he doesn't need to read music to play his songs, so this one must be extremely new, Annabeth thinks. "It's beautiful," Sally whispers to her. "Isn't it?" "Gorgeous," Annabeth agrees as Percy starts to sing in his low, slightly scratchy voice. Midway through the song, Piper turns to Annabeth. "Is he proposing?" she asks, unnerved. "What?" laughs Annabeth. "No. No way." "This kind of sounds like the kind of song that ends with the words 'will you marry me,'" says Jason, patting Annabeth on the shoulder. "Congrats, friend." "He's not proposing." "Maybe he found out that you're pregnant," Sally suggests. "I'm pregnant?" Annabeth squeaks. "Kidding," Sally says with a sly smile. "I'm sure he's not going to propose, dear. Nobody in Hollywood ever gets married too early, after all." "He has said the word 'key' several times," Jason tells them. "Maybe he's asking you to move in with him." Annabeth lets out a sigh of relief. "That, I can work with." "And you'd better be prepared to work with the baby thing too," Piper says knowingly. "OK Magazine said that he wants five kids in five years." "Shut up, Pipes." "Shutting up," she mocks, saluting. Annabeth closes her eyes and gets lost in the music that is Percy Jackson.