and Jason perks up. "Yeah?" "Yeah. We'll watch." Annabeth doesn't say anything, but she nods, and that's how they end up at the Black Lake in the middle of the night watching Jason, Piper, Rachel, and Frank leap into the icy cold water. Percy and Annabeth, on the other hand, lounge on the shore, lying on a blanket and staring up at the stars that illuminate the dark castle. "Seven years," Percy says, whispering it to Annabeth and the sky. He is so grateful for everything that the castle has given him- for the magic that flows through his veins, for the friends that are bouncing around in the lake, and for the girl that is lying beside him with her hand in his. He loves everything about this school. "I can't believe it's over," Annabeth says, her voice catching over the words. He can tell she's about to cry, so he kisses the top of her head, letting his lips rest there for an extra moment before he places his chin on top of her head. "I can't believe it happened in the first place," he chuckles, shaking his head. Annabeth sits up very suddenly. "Percy?" "Mhhmm?" She reaches up and pulls her hair out of the bun that confines it behind her head. "Let's jump." He's about to ask what she's talking about, but his question is answered when she reaches behind herself and unfastens her school skirt. It drops to the ground, leaving her to pull her jumper over her head. Percy quickly follows suit until they are both left in their undergarments. "I love you," he says ardently. Annabeth shrugs. "HEY!" Piper shouts, jumping up and down in the water. "LOOK WHO'S COMING!" "The old married couple takes a risk," Jason teases while Frank splashes him. Rachel, for her part, is just floating effortlessly in the water, her thick red hair spreading out underneath her. She shoots Percy and Annabeth a lazy, content smile as they jump in. By the time Annabeth and Percy have gotten a few good splashes in, they're having just as much fun as their friends. Annabeth wraps her legs around Percy's waist so that he's giving her a piggyback ride, and he swims around the lake with surprising agility. "You could've jumped in without me, you know," Annabeth murmurs when they've slowed down slightly. Percy turns his head so that he can look at her, their lips almost-but-not-quite touching. "I wouldn't want to." (ooo) The ceremony ends more quickly than any of them would have ever assumed, and when they are all carrying the certificates that proclaim them graduates of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Percy feels the sort of emptiness that comes with the completion of school. He can never go back to this place or this time. Who knows if he'll ever be able to go back to having the same relationships with the same people. He's going to miss everything about Hogwarts. "You'll come back," Annabeth says as they make their way down to the boats. Her voice is soft and reassuring, but her hand shakes as it clutches its arm. "I know you will." He lets her get into the boat first, wanting to linger on the grounds for as long as he can. He, Annabeth, Piper, and Jason all sit together, their eyes almost as wide as they were the first time they came to Hogwarts. "Remember the first time we were on these boats?" Jason asks, gruff in tone. "It was just me and Percy and a bunch of other first years that I don't even remember anymore." "I don't remember either," Annabeth shrugs. "Hey, I think you were on the boat with me !" Piper gasps, mock offended. Jason laughs and smiles at her from where he sets next to her, his arm loosely around her waist. Annabeth clutches his hand tightly as the school fades into the distance, and it's only then that he sees the tears as they fall from her eyes. He kisses them away, not wanting her to feel the same hurt that he is feeling but knowing that he can't protect her from it. He meets her eyes when he helps her out of the boat, and then she's standing on the platform right next to him, her eyes bright in the sunlight. Tear tracks still stain her face, and for a moment, he can picture the haughty vulnerability that pervaded her countenance the first time he ever saw her. She had two pigtails gliding down her back and she was clutching an owl and looked as though the entire world was beneath her and her beautiful gray eyes and that was Annabeth Chase. But this is Annabeth Chase. The girl that was his best friend for five years before they fell in love and lost their virginities to each other and then fell in love even more, again and again and again. She's been bewitching to him ever since their first day at Hogwarts, but that only makes him love her more. Everything changes. Everything has to end. But this never will. tbc A/N: Well, this is the end of part 1! I can't believe I finally finished it. I promise you that part 2 will be way shorter than this- probably 10,000 words less. But thank you for reading all the way to the end of this fic. I spent an exorbitant amount of time on it, probably more than I've ever spent on a fic because it took me a solid week to write, with some writing every day. But I loved every moment of it and never got frustrated because this story was insanely fun to explore. Part 2 will be about their life in the magical world after Hogwarts. I'm not sure how far in I'll go, but if I don't update (relatively) soon, please feel free to poke me. I'm writergirl8 on twitter and rongasm on tumblr. Thanks again for reading! ~writergirl8