open fly. Percy grunted softly and shifted his hips. "Holy shit, Annabeth," she was pressing so hard it was unbelievably pleasurable. Percy's voice was husky and dry-sounding, "And, uh, and then, ungh, you pulled my jeans down to my knees. And you took off your pants and underwear." Annabeth made a show out of unbuttoning her pants and seductively pulling down both her jeans and her panties in one go. Percy's dick throbbed. It occurred to him that they were most likely going to have sex since that was where the dream led, after all. He shot up and pressed his lips together, "Annabeth," he whimpered nervously. "Percy, it's alright. We don't have to do this. We can skip the main act if that's what you want." Annabeth cupped his face with one hand and kissed him gently. "No, I want to do this. I mean, maybe we should wait. No, no, we should do this." "Shut up, Percy. Don't be nervous around me. Please. After everything we've been through and you're scared to have sex with me?" "Not scared. Just . . . nervous." "Then I'll show you that there's nothing to be afraid of. What happened next?" "You took off my shirt." Percy's shirt came off. "And then you started fingering yourself. And I sat up and kissed you." Annabeth slipped two fingers into herself and pumped in and out as Percy attached his lips to hers. He bit her bottom lip and let his tongue explore her mouth. She kissed him back and moaned into his mouth as she hit her sweet spot. "Then I did this ." Percy replaced her fingers with his own and swirled them inside of her. She grunted loudly and dug her head into his shoulder. Percy pumped in and out faster and faster, hitting the same spot she found before and causing her to climax. As she came into his hand, he continued pumping until she was panting into his shoulder. She placed her hands on his neck and exclaimed, "Where the fuck did you learn that?" Percy responded by kissing her passionately and tangling his fingers in her long hair. Annabeth had recovered from her orgasm by the time Percy grabbed a condom from the drawer of his nightstand. An open box was spilled out inside. "Where'd you get those from?" Annabeth's voice was gravelly. "Jason." Percy answered. Percy wiggled out of his boxers and opened the condom with his teeth. He rolled in on expertly and positioned himself under Annabeth. "Are you sure?" he asked her. "I am. Are you?" "Yes." Percy's dick reached deep inside Annabeth and caused her to gasp. Annabeth was in control on top and she swiveled her hips and forced Percy deeper and deeper. Both demigods found a rhythm that gradually grew faster and faster. Percy muttered "Annabeth" with lust in her ear as Annabeth moaned and gritted her teeth. "Holy shit , Percy," Annabeth panted, "Holy fuck. " After almost three minutes, both demigods felt the hot buildup fill their bodies and explode as they saw spots. Percy's stomach burned and his dick pulsed inside of Annabeth. Annabeth's hot core tightened and her nails dug into Percy's shoulders as she came. Once they'd both recovered, Annabeth pushed herself off of Percy and pulled the blanket over them. "Was that as good as in your dream?" Annabeth teased. "Oh, shut up." Percy grinned. "I can't believe that's what you were so worked up about all day." "Hey, I resent that. You wouldn't understand. All I saw were flashing pictures of this ." "You think I've never had a sex dream about you?" Percy sat up, "Wait . . . you have?" "Of course," Annabeth sat on top of him like she'd been doing before. "Oh," was all Percy could think to say. "What? Do you want me to tell you about it?" "Yes!" Percy's green eyes sparkled. "It was pretty basic. It started out with a handjob and escalated to a blowjob with resulted in you eating me out to return the favor. Then, next thing I knew, you were on top of me and I was screaming your name. But we all know that you can't." Percy laughed, "Is that a challenge?" "Tomorrow night. Same time, same place. Make me scream." The following morning, Jason and Percy were down by the lake. Percy had told Jason that they needed to talk. Jason was concerned. "What's all this about?" Jason inquired. "I told Annabeth about the dream." "Really?" Jason was surprised, "What did she say?" "Not much. But she did fuck me." "No. Fucking. Way." "Yes! She made me tell her about the dream and then we fucking acted it out ." "That actually sounds really kinky." "It was! And then, she told me that she wanted to do it again tonight! So, anyway, when are you gonna get it on with Piper?" "Oh, uh, I don't know." "You're lying. That's your lying face. Holy shit, you had sex with her!" "Percy, shut up! There are people here." "When?" Percy bounced on his heels like a puppy. "Last night," Jason whispered, "In her cabin." "Weren't there campers in there?" "We did it in the shower." Percy burst out laughing, "Oh, Jason, that is fucking awesome." "Just, don't talk to anyone about it, alright?" "Yeah, of course." There was a stretch of silence. "So, like, was the shower on or?" Percy questioned. "Can it, Jackson." There was another stretch of silence. "It was off in the beginning but I accidentally turned it on." Jason was blushing. Percy laughed. "I really do enjoy our 'bro time,' Jason." The rest of the day, Percy struggled not to smile or think about the night before. It was burned into his brain. But in a good way, this time, because he knew that others were also struggling with the same thing. He could tell when he looked at Nico burying his face in his hands after looking at Will.