isn't fair! They never killed anyone!" Luke smirked. "Thieves. Murderers. Same." "You're a self absorbed jerk of a bastard." Luke's smirk faded just a tiny bit. He stepped out of Annabeth's room and pulled out a key. Annabeth's eyes widened and she lunged for the door, but Luke had already slammed the door shut and locked it from outside. She pounded on the door desperately, but realized it was futile to even try to open the door. Annabeth let her back slam against the door, and sank down to her knees. Annabeth could hear Luke's retreating footsteps. Then a thought hit her. How did she escape that night two weeks ago? Through the window! Annabeth frantically opened the window, and swung her legs out. Gosh. Luke really needs to work on his evil plans. As she climbed down the side of the palace, all Annabeth could think about was Percy. He might be dead in a few minutes. Finally, Annabeth's feet landed on the ground and she raced towards the execution field. It was located a few blocks away from the castle. Annabeth cursed. She should have worn better shoes. Exhausted, Annabeth reached the execution field's gate and started to climb over it. "Today we have the execution of Perseus Jackson; a thief that has stolen from the royals for many years. Also, we have the executions of Thalia Grace, Nico di Angelo, Travis Stoll, Connor Stoll, and Katie Gardner," said the opening announcer. "This will begin...right now." Annabeth finally climbed over the gate and ran as fast as the wind towards the voice. When she cleared some trees, she could see a wide field, with a battered Percy kneeling down with his head to the ground in the middle of the clearing. He was bruised, and his hands were handcuffed to his back. The rest of the gang lay in the same state off to the side. A person with a gun walked a few feet in front of Percy, and aimed. "NO! STOP!" shrieked Annabeth as she ran towards Percy. Heads turned to look at her. Annabeth reached Percy and threw her arms around him. "Percy...Percy..." murmured Annabeth into Percy's hair. He mumbled something in response. Annabeth faced the gunman. "Please! He didn't do anything that deserves death! He only stole, and that was for his sick mother and loved ones!" Guards were trying to haul Annabeth off of Percy. Annabeth writhed and shrieked in protest. It was total chaos. "NO! LET GO OF ME!" Queen Athena came running to the field. "Annabeth! I will have none of this nonsense-" "STOP!" roared a voice. It was so powerful, everyone froze and slowly turned to the speaker. Annabeth gasped. The man looked exactly like Percy, except with a beard. Black hair, sea green eyes. "King Poseidon," said Queen Athena calmly. "What are you doing here?" "Why, I'm saving my son's life," said King Poseidon. Annabeth's eyes widened. He was the king of Atlantis. "Your son?" spat Queen Athena. "Have you degraded yourself to a level where you call peasant your spouse?" "No," said King Poseidon. "Percy is my son. I had him with Sally Jackson, but one day she ran away, wanting to give her son a normal life other than royalty. I must interupt your killing of my son, for how unfatherly is it for me to do that." "Percy... is your son? So he's the prince of Atlantis?" said Annabeth. Poseidon nodded. Percy murmured something along the lines of 'what about my mom?' "She is at my palace, and is recieving treatment for her tuberculosis." "But he is supposed to be executed!" screamed Luke as he ran towards the commotion. He pointed at Percy. "He stole from the royal palace for many years! Think about all the supplies that are lost!" "Perhaps you should ask Queen Athena about her taxes," replied King Poseidon calmly. "But...but..." stumbled Luke. "Seeing there are no protests, I shall take these children to my palace," declared Poseidon. "Wait," said Annabeth. "Can I come and visit?" King Poseidon looked at Annabeth for a while before nodding his head. Turns out Thalia is the princess of Olympia, and the daughter of King Zeus. Nico is the son of Duke Hades, who rules Underlasia. Katie is the daughter of Queen Demeter, ruler of Wheatopia. Travis and Connor are sons of Hermes, much to Luke's horror. Travis was proclaimed to be the next in line to the throne. And Percy became the prince of Atlantis, with his healthy mother by his side. Annabeth visited Percy everyday at Atlantis, and Percy took trips to Athens to be with Annabeth. They would sneak off during the night to steal kisses from each other under the moonlight. Queen Athena would stand at the window and smile lightly at the unknowing couple. Everyone was pleased when they heard the news that Prince Percy of Atlantis just proposed to Princess Annabeth of Athens. Now the rivaling kingdoms can finally be in peace. The wedding was just perfect, which was next to a beach. Annabeth was looking as beautiful as ever in a long white wedding dress, and Percy was looking dashing in a black tuxedo. The guests burst out in cheers when the newly married couple shared their first kiss as husband and wife. After cutting the cake and talking, everyone went outside only to find a white carriage pulled by two white horses with grey spots. Percy helped Annabeth up to the carriage, and Annabeth turned to the crowd and threw her bouquet of flowers at them. Everyone was trampling over each other to get the flowers. In the end Thalia got it, probably through force. Annabeth and Percy both laughed and waved at the slowly getting smaller crowd as the carriage pulled away. Annabeth was giddy with excitement at the thought of being with Percy forever and ever. It might be cliche, but the two lived happily ever after. The End What do you think? Vote or comment please!