Percy seriously. He guided Annabeth to a bench next to the sidewalk. Annabeth sat down next to him, and Percy thought that she still looked gorgeous even if her eyes were a little puffy and her face was tear streaked. "You can tell me what's wrong," offered Percy. "Thanks," said Annabeth with a grateful smile, showing off her perfect white teeth. Her expression turned dark. "It's about Luke." "Oh?" "Yeah," sighed Annabeth. "He was cheating on me with this girl named Kelli. I can't believe after all those things he did for me was all fake. That proclamation of love. Those roses every morning. He was a gentleman, believe me." She stopped. Percy nodded for her to continue. "Before, when I saw you getting beat up by Luke, I was beyond white rage. He was hurting you, and you getting hurt was like ripping out my heart and stomping on it with high heeled boots. I yelled at him, I think you remember, then I stepped forward and slapped him. His cronies backed off. Even those goons know not to hit a lady. This caused a commotion, and the teachers came. Luke got in big time trouble... and in that time of punishment, I thought he had changed. But the next day I found out you were moving, probably because of him, and I hated him. I hated Luke Castellan. But then he paid your hospital bills. He was super nice to everyone. That day, when he said he loved me in front of the whole school, I was flabbergasted. Later, I asked him why he beat you up, and he said that he was jealous. I thought he changed. He was honest. He was kind. He was funny. He was popular. Luke was what every girl wanted, but I had second doubts. But now he cheated on me with a girl named Kelli. I never even heard of her. Well, that's my not-so-romantic love story," said Annabeth. She looked at Percy, as if waiting for a response. Percy had no idea what to say. First off, it wasn't a confession of love for him, and secondly, how the heck were you suppose to comfort a girl of heartbreak? All Percy did was take Annabeth home to eat some chocolate chip cookies and watch Finding Nemo. "I know you like her," said Rachel as plainly as if saying 'hello'. Percy choked on his hamburger, and looked at Rachel incredulously. "What?" "I see the way you look at her," said Rachel flatly, then sighed. "I just want you to know that I like you a lot, Perseus Jackson, maybe not love, but I like you. I know you love Annabeth, and if that's what makes you happy, then by God date her." Rachel left a dazed looking Percy holding a half eaten hamburger at the lunch table. "Hey." Percy spun around. He was exiting the school when someone cleared his throat. Percy spun around to find Luke standing there uncomfortably with a pretty African girl wearing round glasses and a hoodie. Percy's eyes narrowed. "You." Luke sighed. "Before you hate me, which you probably do-" Percy cut him off. "I despise you." Luke rolled his eyes. "I came to say that I didn't mean to hurt Annabeth. At first I thought I loved her, that's why I beat you up. But after you moved and Annabeth and I got together, she seemed to always have this faraway look on her face, and I knew she was thinking about you. At first it bothered me. Then I met Kelli. I learned what true love is, and it's nothing I hold for Annabeth. I love her like a sister, sure. But I love Kelli like you would love your soulmate, and I'm sure you'll love Annabeth the same way." Percy stared at Luke after he finished his speech. Finally, Percy said, "You're a good guy, Castellan. And may the fates be good to you." Percy turned and left. Percy, Thalia, Nico and Annabeth went out for a picnic out on the beach Saturday night, and fooled around. Nico kept on spilling the coke, and Thalia and Annabeth teamed up together to scold Nico. Percy laughed. Thalia and Annabeth got along well. "As much as I'd love to hang around and be yelled at, I'd better go home," said Nico and he got up and brushed the sand off his pants. Thalia got up swiftly and said, "Me too. Zeus's gonna kill me if I'm out late." The two cousins left Annabeth and Percy sitting on the beach shoving each other and yelling. The stars were just beginning to come out. Percy walked along the coast, and beckoned Annabeth to follow him. When Percy found a clean spot of sand, he put down the picnic blanket and laid down on it. Annabeth laid down next to Percy. "You know what my favorite constellation is?" whispered Annabeth. "What?" "Scorpius." "Why?" Annabeth shrugged. "I like it." Percy closed his eyes and grinned. He missed Annabeth's humor. Percy felt something sliding up his next to his cheek, and breath was ghosting his face. Before he knew it, someone was kissing him, and Percy was sure it was Annabeth. He returned the kiss with vigor, pouring every bit of passion and love that was inside him all those years into that kiss. All too soon, the couple broke apart, gasping for air. "I've always wanted to do that," whispered Percy into Annabeth's ear. She laughed. Annabeth looked at Percy with adoration. "Me too." "I love you," said Percy. "I love you," said Annabeth. Annabeth snuggled closer to Percy's chest, and he wrapped an arm around her. They lay there, looking up at the stars, the cool wind ruffling their clothes, the sound of waves against sand, and wished this moment would last forever. A/N: How was it guys? I spent a lot of time on this, and it's my first kind of long story. Please review or vote!