scaring most of the remaining. He then continued on hitting every strike. After all, it was hard to miss when having a 30 foot long ice and flame sword. After about 3 minutes the whole monster army was destroyed. The only ones left were the titans, who stood stunned, as they watched their army get killed. "Might as well fight you titans without my avatar," the giant man said. As he said that he began to shrink down into a man standing at 6'3. He had on a black hoodie that concealed his face. Shining through the hoodie they could see sea green flames where his eyes were supposed to be. As Percy shrunk down to his normal size, he could feel the campers' eyes on him. He didn't really care about the audience right now. He soon charged the titans. They didn't scare him. He had trained for the 4 years that he had disappeared. Percy was about as strong as a primordial. His favorite primordial was Pontus. In fact, Percy had been blessed by all the liquid related primordials. That meant Percy was blessed by Pontus, Hydros, and Thalassa. Anyway, Percy knew he couldn't defeat all 4 at once, so he had to freeze them. He knew he couldn't freeze Hyperion because he could just melt the ice. He also couldn't freeze Perses for Perses would just destroy the ice. He could probably do that because Perses was the titan of destruction. Soon Percy decided to just get it over with. He froze Prometheus and Krios, then charged the other two. The unfrozen titans screamed in rage as they watched their final allies get frozen. Percy swung Riptide at Hyperion, while he also created ice spikes that shot at Perses. Hyperion blocked Percy's sword while Perses blocked 23 out of the 1600 little ice shards. Perses immediately fell to the ground and disintegrated. Hyperion screamed again. You would be angry if one of your allies died. Soon Hyperion swung blindly at Percy. He just decided to incinerate Hyperion as Percy got bored. Let's say that Hyperion would be pretty burnt when he returned to Tartarus. Percy looked at the ice to see the titans dissolving into golden dust. " Well that was easy," Percy thought. "Blaze?!" some curious voices said in excitement. Percy looked around until he saw the first three people he had ever rescued. Thalki, Naomi, and Kyle. "Yeah, it's me guys," Percy said. No one knew that Blaze was actually Percy Jackson. No one knew that Percy Jackson was alive. No one knew that Percy Jackson was saving demigods. No one knew that Percy Jackson had just saved them from doom. "Who are you?" a wise old voice asked. Percy looked a little until he saw his old mentor, Chiron. Percy tried to answer his question, but Thalki beat him to it. "He's Blaze. He saves demigods. He's the one who saved Kyle, Naomi, and myself," Thalki answered. "Well I must thank you Blaze. You saved some of the camp's best fighters," Chiron said thankfully. "Anyway, campers, I would like you to meet in the amphitheater. I have an important announcement to make," Percy said. Everyone hurried of to the amphitheater, not wanting to anger the man. Percy stood in front of the campers in the amphitheater. He had his hood on so no one could see his face. "Campers, do any of you remember Percy Jackson?" Percy asked. Immediately, everyone started shouting things Percy could only catch a couple of the thing they were yelling. "He was a hero!" someone shouted. "He sacrificed himself for the good of the world!" another said. "He was my brother!" That caught him of guard. He had a sibling? Percy decided to end the endless shouting. "Let me tell you something!" Percy shouted. Everyone quieted in a millisecond. They were anxious to hear this mystery man's words. "What if I told you Percy Jackson was alive. What if I told you Percy Jackson was in this very camp. What if I told you Percy Jackson was in front of you. What if I told you Percy Jackson was the Champion of Hestia? What if I told you Percy Jackson was blessed by some primordials? Well let me tell you, all these things are true. Campers, I am Percy Jackson!" Percy shouted. He pulled his hood off The campers gasped loudly. It wasn't possible was it? Percy Jackson was supposed to be dead. Percy heard some hushed whispers. The words were different yet they held the same meaning: How? People started rushing around in amazement. "Percy, is it really you?" someone asked. Percy looked around until he saw his former best friend Grover Underwood. "Yeah G-man. It's me. I'm happy to be back. I've just had to take a break. I've had a hard time. The three people I care most about are gone. My mom, my step-dad, and Annabeth," Percy said sadly. Tears started streaming down my face. Grover looked shocked. "You-your parents? They're gone?" he said. Percy nodded sadly, remembering the day clearly. (Flashback) Percy decided that his mom had had enough stress. She was an old woman and didn't deserve the worry of losing her son. It had been 3 months since Percy took the spot of being Hestia's champion. Percy teleported to the apartment where his mom lived. As soon as he got there he knew something wasn't right. The apartment smelled natural. Not the usual New York City busy smell. Percy walked into the apartment and ran past the doorman and up the stairs. Percy smelled rotting flesh from his mom's door. Percy burst through the door and started crying. The reason for the crying is that he saw his mom. No, it wasn't tears of joy. No it was tears of sadness, for his mom was lying there with a knife in her heart. The knife was pitch black. I was suddenly angry. At the gods. At my friends. Mostly at myself though.