cub faced off against his birth mother for the first time; lunging in for one final, overhead strike. Instinct, despite herself, smiled. Foolish… Artemis' hand shot up with blinding speed and clamped onto Instinct's face, snatching her clean out of the air. She held her there suspended before shifting her grip down to the scruff of her neck. Instinct tried to move, but she suddenly found all the strength in her body being sapped away somehow by that grip. The world around Instinct began to tunnel away then, as if she were being forcibly submerged down into the depths of some vast cavern. Instinct was only dimly aware of Artemis' voice echoing about her in the void as she was pushed downwards, further and further. The last sensation she had was of Armani's body being taken gently in the goddess arms and carried away. "A simple 'no, thank you' would've sufficed…" the voice had said almost dryly. -α- Instinct's eyes shot open with a gasp; a rather human reaction that she really didn't find herself doing very often, but she satisfied herself that it was at least somewhat warranted in this case. She sat up then to survey her surroundings. A thin film of mist coated the ground and a familiar, never ending forest of spaced out trees was spread out all around her. She stood almost uneasily to her feet and then made her way slowly through the trees, drawn in one particular direction until she came to a clearing with a silver pool in the centre. A lone figure was sat by it, his back braced against one of the trees with his arms behind his head. Armani opened his eyes and looked up toward the newcomer. His brow furrowed for a second, "Oh, there you are," he said almost offhandedly before closing his eyes once more, "I was wondering where you'd gotten to..." Instinct opened and closed her mouth a couple of times before drifting slowly closer. She dropped hesitantly down and almost scrambled off to one side, as if needing to double check something from a different angle. She shuffled closer, leaning still left and right like a curious animal. She would have reverted to wolf form, but she was afraid her tail might give something embarrassing away. Armani opened an eye to regard her, sensing the movement. He opened the other when she leaned right up into his personal space. He leaned back in kind, "Wh-what are you doing?" She sniffed him. "Please don't sniff me. I literally have no discernable scent in this place." She blinked and leaned up so she was almost coiling about him. He flinched understandably, "Little cub?" she dared to murmur. Armani looked left and right almost in a panic, "First of all, a) I told you not to call me that; b) Where did you run off to, and finally, c) What is wrong with you?" he almost yelped. Armani then settled his expression into a glower, "Oh…oh, now I get it: this is you getting back at me for the whole fasting thing, isn't it. First you run off and now you've decided to come and try to weird me out! Well congratulations, crazy voice in my head, you're succeeding in spades! Now, as head head of this head, I command you to desist this instant." Instinct seemed to deflate all around him, her palms coming to rest on his shoulders. Her forehead slumped into the nape of his neck, "Really is you…" Armani's scowl deepened, but after a moment of looking at her, he seemed to relent. He rested his hands on her shoulders in turn and sighed, "Alright then, if you want me to apologise for the whole no food thing that much, I am sorry. And…sorry about the whole movie and music threat." " Were you bluffing?" she mumbled into his neck a moment later, almost seeming too abashed to pull herself free. Armani rolled his eyes, "At worst, we'd have gotten through the first movie. As for the music, yeah, I'd probably have bitten off my own index finger before hitting the play button." He rolled his eyes when Instinct made no move to disentangle herself, "If it means that much to you, why don't you just wake me up and I can go get us something. I assume it's after midnight now." Instinct said nothing. She just sat there wondering for a moment what Artemis' intention had actually been by goading her like that. What had she been trying to prove? After a spell, and to Armani's surprise, Instinct just shuffled her head before murmuring, "Morning can wait. I suppose, until then…I'm fine with what I have." Armani just smiled and settled back, "If you say so…" In that instant, a horrible suspicion about Artemis' purpose began to form within Instinct, and her suspicions were very rarely, if ever, wrong. She suspected her cub's birth mother may have just attempted to teach her a life lesson. "Armani…" she muttered, opting to use his name as he preferred. "Hm?" "A favour…" "What is it?" "Let us never speak of any of this ever again." Armani shrugged, "If you say so." Her head shuffled into a thankful nod, "And one more thing…" she muffled, still keeping herself buried for now. There was just one last thing to address. "What?" "That town not far from the den -from the… condo …" "What of it?" "Probably best you don't go there for a while…" -Ω- Fin… [A/N] And that's what two delayed flights and an uncontrolled plot bunny will do to me. Yup, this story pretty much amounted to ten thousand words of fun fluff involving Instinct going out looking for a midnight snack, fate conspiring to stop her at every turn and her ending up inadvertently destroying nearly everything in her path as a result. But regardless, it was a fun place to revisit in my mind. I suppose you should expect more in the future.