not occur, I would have come here to apologize. Even though you are sometimes disrespectful, you are a great boy, I see it inside you. Your heart is noble. That's why evil is only earned by people like you" She said. "Thank you Lady Gia, but can you explain what exactly you want me to do? I asked. "I want you to come with me so that I can train you. You will learn many things, different techniques of close combat, handling many weapons, relaxation and anger control… Lots of things to be the perfect warrior. As powerful as an army of thousands of soldiers Mother Earth said. "That's cool, but… is it necessary for me to come with you? I can learn that here" I said. "Yes. Not only will you learn that. I will also give you my blessing. The first in all history. You will be able to control the earth at will, do endless things that now I will not tell you. You will also have control over fire, few people know it but I can also control it. We may also improve your water skills. It depends on whether you think you need more control and want to learn more. In this section someone else will help you" She said. "Wow. I am very grateful that you trust me. I hope to say the same about you" Maybe she's not too bad, she seems pretty nice "I know that you have sworn, but you will understand that I still do not forgive everything you have done" I said. " I understand, and I repeat my apologies" She said. With a sad tone in her voice. "What do you say, do you accept my request?" She asked. I think I should accept. If the destiny of this planet is again in my hands I must do what I can to protect it. "Yes. I accept your request" I answered. "But I have a couple more questions" I said. " I will answer everything you ask me. Go ahead" Lady Gaia said. "First one. How long will I be out? And what will I tell the camp?" I asked. These are two problems. I don't want to stay away from Annabeth. But… if it is to protect humanity, for the third time. If it is to protect her. " In the place where we will train your powers the time will be different, a month there will be a two weeks on the surface. In all, the training envisaged for powers lasts about four years. That equals two years or so" She answered . "About the camp. Tell Chiron that you need to be away from the camp for a while because of family reasons. And that you take a few months of rest to be alone, savage months. About your girlfriend, Athena's daughter, she cannot know if you want to protect her, not for the moment. You can leave a message saying the same thing to her. That you will return two years later" Gaia finally said. "It is understood. After the two years out, I will be back to camp, no?" I asked. " Yes, Percy" She answered. "Okay, the other question. Who's the one that will help me with water powers?" I asked " Pontus will help you with that section" She replied. "Nice. Okay, when I leave? And how?" I said. " You will leave the camp the day after the party that you will celebrate today with the gods and the camp on Olympus. The how is very simple, when you are ready use the stone that I am going to give you. You simply have to throw it hard against the ground and a tunnel will open to the training facilities" Mother Earth answered. "Today?" But… we've been here all night?" I asked very confused. " Yes, the sun is rising. We have already finished" She said. "Okay, thanks for all Lady Gaia. See you tomorrow" I said happily. " No Percy, thank you for trusting me and partially forgiving me. See you tomorrow" She said really strange I must say. "Oh, and Percy, you are warned that in the training facilities I will be harder, you will have to give the maximum of you" She said solemnly. "I understand. Bye" I finally said. " Good Bye Perseus Jackson" With this I got up in the Jacuzzi, my body was not wrinkled, an advantage to be son of the god of the sea I suppose. Well, a new adventure on the horizon. Although it does not look bad at the moment. An evil being will lurk humanity again, and I must be present for the third time to save it. In the end saving the world will be something daily. I hope the beginning of this story has pleased you. In the next chapter we will start a little with problems and this kind of things. As for the time it will take to upload the chapters, it will depend, but I hope to upload at least one per week. But I do not promise anything, I'm sorry. I apologize for the possible grammatical or spelling mistakes that have been made in this story. As I have mentioned sometimes in my other fanfic I write not only to have fun and entertain you but also to learn. English is my third language, my domain on this is limited. And if you ask if I use some translator the answer is no, what grace would you have? I have been taught to write like this and I apologize again for the mistakes I can write. Any question do not be afraid to say it, I will respond you in the minimum possible time. And if you find any significant error, comment it, I will try to solve it as fast as I can. Thank you for everything! Hope you enjoy this first chapter, and see you again in the next one! xHELMEx