"That's good." He took another sip. "If we're getting technical, though, I think the Greeks came up with such a messed up group of gods because they wanted to feel better about their own messed up lives." He examined his beer bottle. "Sometimes I wonder if the things we do–the things I do–are somehow programmed into us. Like if I'm supposed to be some sleazy piece of shit, if it's in my blood. There are a lot of times when I do things, bad things, and, as I'm doing them, it feels as if I can't stop myself." He tapped his bottle on the seat. "You're not like us. You're a good kid, Quorra. I'm sorry you got pulled into this shit." I shrugged, "It's not that bad." "Don't feel bad about what you said. You're right–" "If I was right, I don't think you'd be sitting here telling me I was," I muttered. "Just because we're stuck up cunts doesn't mean we're not aware of it." "Well, you're not as bad as the others." His laugh was over-exaggerated and bitter. As he turned to me, his blue eyes shone grey in the moon light. "If you don't think I'm as bad as the others, then you must not know me." "Then how come you're one of the few who are nice to me?" He stood up and walked to one of the small garden areas that the High Line was covered in. The shrubs were overgrown and looked like tangled spiders legs creeping onto the sidewalk in the moonlight. "I can tell a sad person when I see one." I don't remember exactly how the rest of the night went. The conversation, after that moment, veered into safer territory that I had no need to retain memory of. We got back to Hermes' around one or two in the morning and collapsed on the couch in defeat. I woke up to the sound of a pinball machine. The brrring of the ringtone had invaded my dreams, bringing me to a jolting start as the dream bullets hit my dream body. Before I could reach out and answer it, the hand on the couch across from me swiped it off the coffee table. "Hello?" Apollo answered. His pointer finger rested on his bottom lip. "Oh, hey, Triton," he teased. "How are you?" His teeth peeked out from under his top lip and bit down delicately into the soft flesh of the lower. "Yeah, she's here," he purred. His eyelashes fluttered as his hand trailed away from his lips and rested at the back of his neck, his bicep half flexed. "Yeah, okay. I'll talk to you later." After he finished flirting with my brother, he handed the phone to me. "It's your brother," he whispered playfully. "Triton?" I answered, putting my ear to the phone and ignoring Apollo's sultry grin. "Quorra." "Yeah? What's up?" "Did you sleep with Apollo?" "No," I snapped. "Is that what you called for–" "No. I called because we need you–Dad wants you to come home. I have some business to finish down here, but I should be able to be up there by midday. So pack your things–" "Woah. Woah, Triton. Wait a minute. You can't just–Why?" "Things are getting complicated, Quorra. He needs you down here–" "He needs me now? He didn't seem to need me much when he dropped me off here–" "Quorra, I'm not the one you should be complaining to. I'm just doing my job. Be ready by noon. I'll see you soon." The line went dead on the other end as soon as he was done speaking. I threw the phone to the end of the couch and sighed heavily, "I'm going to explode." "What's up?" Apollo asked, peeling himself from the leather on the couch. He finished unbuttoning his shirt as he walked into the kitchen. "My dad's gonna kidnap me," I mumbled. He frowned as he pulled out a pan and rummaged through the fridge. "Why?" "I don't know," I shrugged. I joined him in the kitchen and sat on one of the bar stools. If you have never had the pleasure of watching a toned Sun god make you an omelet at 9:30 in the morning, you are missing the experience of a lifetime. He placed the omelet onto a plate and handed it to me. "I've got a question." "And that is?" he murmured. "Can't you just summon up an omelet? Why do you guys always do things like normal people?" "So you're saying I'm not a normal person?" "No." He nodded, "Fair enough." I was mesmerized, watching all the muscles in his body flex as he whisked the eggs together. I would've probably started drooling if he hadn't continued to speak. "I guess we do it because we like the process. There's a sense of skill that goes into these things. Plus it feels nice to do things for people. It means a lot more that I'm actually making this for you instead of snapping my fingers, right?" "Yeah," I chewed, trying to focus on my plate. "Besides, think of it as a parting gift." "Oh, wow. An egg and cheese? How thoughtful of you," I gasped sarcastically. "First of all, that's egg, cheese and chives. Second of all, I can take that back if you don't want it." I shoved another bite into my mouth. "No, I'm good," I mumbled. The smile he was wearing seemed to die a few seconds after he had placed it there. "Be safe, Quorra. Alright?" "What's that supposed to mean?" He watched the egg sizzling in the pan intensely. His fingers tightened his grip around the spatula as he waited. His other hand sprinkled the shreds of cheese and chives that fluttered down onto the egg like heavy clumps of snow on an icy lake. He shook his head slowly, "Nothing. I'm just being…" "You're just being?" His grin was forced. "I'm brother-ing you. Now go get packed."