her away. "My name is Crystal." "Okay Crystal, let me introduce you to the hunt," I told her. "Oh, and by the way, my name is Artemis." I turned to face my hunters. "Alright girls, pay attention!" I shouted, getting their attention. "This girl is Crystal, and she will be joining our hunt." The hunters nodded their heads, some of them saying hello. "Please continue with your duties," I finished. "Also, Carol, please show her around. I have to go to Olympus." I turned to Thalia. "Thalia, you're in charge," I told her before vanishing in a flash of silver. I arrived at the Throne Room where the other Olympians were. I sat upon my throne and Zeus started talking. "I see that everyone is here, so we will now begin the meeting," he declared. "Now, as you all are aware, Perseus Jackson, the hero of Olympus has disappeared. We originally predicted that he would return to Camp Half-Blood within 2 years, as that is how long it usually takes him to cool down from a serious incident. However, it has been 3 years since he disappeared, and I want the Hunters of Artemis to search for him. Also, if any gods find him in their domain, I want you to tell me so that we can ask him why he disappeared." I grimaced. I didn't want to have to spend my time searching for a male. However, Perseus was the only male that earned my respect, and I wanted to know what happened to him. He was the only decent male alive, and I wouldn't let him die. "Any questions?" Zeus asked, but was met with silence. "Very well then, Artemis, begin immediately, and everyone else, go back to attending your duties." I was about to flash out when Poseidon looked at me, obviously wanting to talk to me, so I stayed. After everyone else left, he approached me. "Artemis, Percy is my only son, I do not want him to be miserable," he explained. "Please try to find him quickly, I don't want to lose him." "I will uncle. Please don't worry so much," I reassured him. "I have to go and tell the hunt that we will be searching for Perseus." He nodded, and I flashed away. "Girls!" I shouted, and they all gathered in front of me. "I have something to tell you. We have been assigned by my father, Zeus, to search for the hero of Olympus, Perseus Jackson." I heard some of the girl's groans, but Thalia was shocked. She obviously thought that Perseus was still at Camp Half-Blood. "I know that you may be wondering why we have to look for him, but he has saved Olympus twice and his father Poseidon is very worried," I explained. "Pack up the camp. We are leaving now." They all sighed and set to work, but Thalia walked up to me. "How long has Percy been missing for?" She demanded. I sighed. "Let's discuss this in my tent," I replied. "So?" She asked when we entered it. "He has been missing for three years," I muttered. "Why didn't you tell me?!" She screamed. "You know how much I care about him! I thought he was safe in Camp Half-Blood!" "I'm sorry it's just that we thought that he would be back by now," I confessed. "He usually just takes a break from camp before returning." Thalia sighed. "What happened?" She asked me. "I'm not sure…" I responded hesitantly. "I think… I think that it might have something to do with Annabeth and be along the lines of breaking up." "It can't be…" she said. "Annabeth loves him. She would never abandon him. It must have been something else." "His main flaw is loyalty Thalia," I sighed. "Only someone that he was really loyal to could cause him so much pain that he feels the need to leave the camp. Annabeth is the person that he is most loyal to, and when he left camp, none of his other close friends were there. Dionysus also says that he saw her with that Martin kid. Anyways, let's just get started on our hunt. You can ask him questions when we find him." "Of course, Lady Artemis," Thalia replied, before leaving my tent to pack up. I sighed. This will probably take a long time. Percy will be hard to track down with all the experience he has. Although, he will never be stealthier than a bull in a China shop. The girls finished packing quickly. All we had to do was remove all evidence of our presence here. Perseus Jackson… I will find you. The hunt had started. A/N So what do you think of it so far? Please review. Also, would you rather me make the stories shorter and post them faster, or keep them how they are? It will most likely be a Pertemis story, mostly because Artemis is one of my favourite goddesses, and I really don't like Annabeth. Their romance will be very gradual. Not going to rush it, so don't expect them to make out anytime soon. Shorter chapters will be around 700 - 1000 words. Longer ones will be 2000+ like this one. I will hopefully release the next chapter before March Break ends. After that, I won't be releasing chapters as quickly as I will be busy with homework. Remember, feedback is greatly appreciated and if you are going to criticize the story, please tell me what is wrong with it and how it can be improved. Give an example as well. Don't just say "This story is terrible and a waste of time", tell me why, how I can improve it, and give me an example of what you want me to do. Also, before you even begin to say that it is a terrible story, create your own and make sure it is better than this one. Then, you can call it terrible. Cya guys later. xShadowSteel logging off.