shell of a man head on. A little shocked, Nico turned towards the car. The door was flung open and Will beckoned towards him. "Hurry up!" He shouted. Not needing to be told twice, Nico shot into the car. Before he even had the door closed, Will shot away from the garage, doing his best to dodge all of the zombies. Nico finally let out a breath that he hadn't realized he had been holding. That was far too many of those things for his liking. He slowly turned towards Will, who didn't take his eyes off the road. "Those things are going to follow the noise." Will slowly nodded. "That's why I had you pack before we left. We'll toss everything into the car and try and leave before they get to us." "Wait," Nico breathed out. "Are you trying to imply that I'm coming with you? I didn't agree to that." A frown set in on his face. "I'll be fine on my own." "Really? Please shut up." Will turned an annoyed glance on Nico for a mere second. "I'm not going to leave you at that house, which will probably end up being overrun if they follow us back." He looked at Nico again. "Are you really going to tell me that you'd rather be on your own, than have someone around to watch your back? That's a load of bullshit and irresponsible." Nico just shook his head. "Why do you even care?" "Because, I still have a heart, and not all people are going to sell you out at their convenience." As they neared the house, Will relaxed a little. "Look, at least come with me until we are several miles from the town. I couldn't, in good conscious, leave you on the side of the road with those things right behind you." Will quickly parked the car when they reached the house, not even bothering to turn it off. The two bolted for the house. Nico ran for his bag, which he had left on the couch. When he looked up, Nico found Will's eyes on him. The boy fidgeted a little, not used to being stared at like that. It was unreadable, but so intense. Will just pressed his lips together and went back to grabbing his things. Slinging his bags onto his shoulders, Will opened the door again. Once the bags were in, Will ran back one last time. Nico's brow furrowed when the blond came back a few seconds later with another bag that was stuffed into the trunk. Glancing into the mirror, Nico spotted the first few zombies that had caught up to them. Nico's grip tightened onto something rather soft. Quickly looking down, the boy was surprised to find that it was Will's arm. The blond grinned at him as the car shot away from the house, leaving the infected in the dust. A sense of relief washed over Nico as he sank into his seat. This was why he avoided cities and towns as much as possible. It was less likely to stumble across a mob of those things the farther you got from old populated areas. As they drove, Will turned his head a little to face Nico. "I don't suppose I could convince you to stay?" He smiled a little. "I sure would feel safer with someone watching my back. And I kind of miss having company around." He still smiled, even when Nico refused to meet his eyes. Eventually, probably thirty or so minutes after leaving the town, Will stopped the car. He pursed his lips as he turned in his seat to face Nico. The brown-eyed boy glanced out the window. There was nothing for miles. Letting out a breath, Nico opened his door. Dark eyes widened when a hand clamped down on his wrist. With a frown, Nico turned to face Will, ready to chew the jerk out. However, the look of concern quickly shut him up. "Please? I really don't feel right letting you just walk off in the middle of nowhere. Am I really that unbearable to be around?" Nico felt the blond's thumb rub against his wrist. "Just stay with me, at least until we find some refugee camp or something, and then you'll never have to talk to me again if you don't wan to." It was very hard for Nico's brain to process most of what Will had just said to him. The blond had leaned forward while talking, and now their faces were only as far apart as the armrest that was in between them. "Please?" Will whispered. That one word managed to seal Nico's fate. Swallowing the lump in his throat, Nico just looked at Will and nodded. Neither of them said anything as Nico shut his door, but the boy did catch sight of the smile that appeared on Will's lips. Will shifted gears and took off again, still smiling. Nico's eyes flickered down to his hand, where Will still had a soft hold on his wrist. And, for the first time in months, Nico's lips tilted up as he looked out the passenger window. So, what did you guys think? Also, as a warning, my computer is currently out of commission. I'm working through my laptop at the moment. So, I'm getting my roommate to look at it tomorrow and possibly fix it. But I might take a few days off while it gets sorted out. So, it might be an undetermined amount of time before I update again. Not too long, though. If it still isn't fixed in a week, I'll just work through my laptop. However, my next chapter of Children of Loss had its outline on the desktop, as well as some of the chapter already written. So, more thank likely, I'll be working on something other than that until my desktop gets sorted. But I do hope you guys liked the first chapter, and I'll try to have more very soon.