imagine what Nico would be capable of now. Perhaps the others underestimated the Son of Hades when they tried comparing him to Percy or Jason. A child of the Big Three was anything but weak. Jason sighed and looked out the window. "Where have you gone off to?" He whispered to himself. How had it even come to this? How had he fallen this hard? He just wanted to be over the green-eyed jerk. Was that so much to ask for? But, no, Nico was forever doomed to like Percy Jackson. As much as he probably should hate Percy, there was no way Nico could manage to do that. All that ran through his head ever since he got to the grassy mountaintop was the first time he had even laid eyes on the Son of Poseidon. Even back then, Percy had been the most beautiful person that Nico had laid eyes on. Percy had been all Nico had seen as the other demigod had put himself between Nico and Bianca and the manticore. It was all so sickeningly heroic, Nico thought, the way he stared up at the taller boy back then. His eyes wide in awe as he watched Percy's sword come to life from its pen form. Even with Bianca clinging on to him, Nico's entire world had consisted of nothing but Percy. How could one person seem so larger than life? Nico's hair whipped in the wind. Looking up, Nico stared out at the vast expanse before him. It was so quiet, and yet his mind was screaming nonstop. He felt like he had been thrown into Tartarus all over again with the hell that had been put upon him. He had hoped that things would have been different, that maybe he could have managed being around the Son of Poseidon, but last night had been too painful. And, so, like a coward, he ran. Nico's eyes dulled at the ground far below him. Why had they saved him? It could have all been over. All his pain would have ended, and he would have no longer had to face the Son of Poseidon that haunted him so much. Perhaps he could have been reunited with his mother in the afterlife. It had almost slipped out last night, but fear had stopped him. What if Percy had laughed at him, or found it disgusting? It didn't matter that Jason had told him Percy wouldn't do that, the rational part of his brain already knew that probably wouldn't happen anyways, but it did not stop the fear that was built up inside of him. With a dull look in his eyes, Nico stood up and began walking around in the grass. He felt angry and frustrated, on top of all the fear inside him. Why did he have to be this way? What would his mother have thought? Or what about Bianca? Nico's eyes fell to the grass at that thought. Maybe she did know, and that was why she wanted to leave him and join the Hunters. And to top it all off, Percy had tried to make amends with him. He should have been happy, but he wasn't. Because he knew it would lead to nothing but disappointment. No matter how much he wanted the other boy, Percy would never be his. "Who even says things like that?" Nico mumbled to himself, beginning to pace. A deep frown had set in on his face. Looking up, Nico scowled. "I hope your happy," he hissed. "Probably aren't even listening, you stupid winged jerk." Nico clutched at his head, shutting his eyes. His heart hurt, aching inside of his chest uncontrollably. He just wanted to it stop. Why wouldn't it stop? In a fit of rage, Nico tore off his sword and tossed it to the ground before yanking off his jacket and throwing it across the grassy field. He stared down at his hands, which were shaking. Everywhere that Percy had touched him yesterday burned like fire. Weaving his hands into his hair again, Nico scrunched his eyes shut and screamed as loudly as he could. The mountain trembled under his feet. All around him, the grass died and slowly spread out around him until the entire top of the mountain was covered in dead grass. Still, the boy screamed until his throat was raw. When Nico opened his eyes, tears streaked down his cheeks. His body now drained, Nico collapsed onto the ashy grass beneath him. He stared up at the bright sky with a blank expression. His chest heaved as he tried to catch his breath, while his hands shook on either side of him. Still looking up at the sky, Nico whispered, "I wanted to take the statue because of you. I took you to the River Styx because I couldn't stand watching you die. And you were on my mind while I was in Tartarus and inside that clay pot." Nico reached up and wiped at his face. "I acted like I didn't know you because I wished I could have forgotten about you, like you forgot about me." Sitting up, Nico brought his legs up to his chest and buried his face in his knees, his arms wrapped tightly around his legs. If there was such a thing as loving someone at first sight, it was when Nico had first met Percy. I know it's short in comparison to what I usually write, but this is just the prologue and I wanted to set the tone for the story. Especially the end, I thought it needed to be put in. Love me some Nico. Not sure how long this will be, but I can say that it won't be super long until that picture of InfiniteCity's comes to life in this story. Anyways, I hope you guys enjoyed this. A little lighter tone than I've been writing, but let's not really call it fluff either. Let me know what you thought.