down. Was he jumping to conclusions? It was crazy, right? Legends weren't real. This stuff wasn't real. It couldn't be. That would be crazy. Right? Nico found Demeter after breakfast. "Any luck reaching the police?" He asked. Demeter lightly shook her head. "Phones aren't wanting to work." She let out a heavy sigh, wringing her hands together. "The camp jeep is gone, so maybe they did take Katie to the hospital. I'm sure they will be back shortly. I just wish they would hurry. I can't leave to go find a cop and just leave you all here, not if some crazy lunatic is out in the woods." "We could all leave," Nico offered. Demeter smiled and patted the boy on his cheek. "Believe me, we just might. For now, we might be better off here. We just need to make sure nobody goes into the woods." She patted Nico on the back and ushered the boy on his way. "Go enjoy your day, sweetheart. You shouldn't have to worry about this. We will get to the bottom of things." It didn't really matter what Jason did, Nico stuck with him. He didn't participate in the physical activities, just sat off to the side. Jason didn't say anything, though. Why would he? Nico figured that Jason would have made Nico stick near him, even if the brown-eyed boy hadn't done so on his own accord. It wasn't just Jason. Luke, Percy, Jason, Reyna, and Thalia all made sure that every one of their friends were accounted for. Nobody from their group was allowed to go off on their own. Grover had tried to go off with Juniper, but Percy had snatched his friend by the leg and dragged him back. Juniper just laughed and offered to stay with their group. Jason sat down next to Nico on the grass after a match of volleyball. He smiled at his boyfriend as Nico handed him some water and a towel. The blond mumbled his thanks and took a sip of the water as he wiped his sweaty torso off. Nico let out a sigh and leaned against the blond, who wrapped his arms around Nico and pulled him down to the grass. "I love you," Nico mumbled into Jason's collarbone. Jason smiled and began stroking his fingers through Nico's hair. "Love you, too." He leaned back to look at the smaller boy. "Are you sure you're okay?" "Not really. Just shaken up." The blond kissed Nico's head. "We'll be fine. If you really just want to leave, I will go with you." "No," Nico mumbled. "I'll be fine." Hours went on, but nobody returned to camp. She wasn't saying anything, but it was clear that Demeter was starting to worry. Nothing else had happened, though. Perhaps that wasn't the best thing. Leo apparently saw Jake and Lacy go into the woods. Apparently, Jake was wanting to scare Lacy and see if he couldn't make something happen. That had been an hour ago. It didn't seem like they would be the last to go in there. "A few others are going in," Bianca announced at dinner. She shrugged and rolled her eyes, taking a bite of her food. "If they weren't staying in a group, I'd be more concerned." "Is that smart, to let them go in there?" Annabeth asked. "I mean, can I really stop them? If they want to go, they'll go. Not much anyone can do, unless you want to lock everyone up." Annabeth gave a nod. "Fair." Nico wasn't eating, he couldn't. His nerves were shot to hell. It was taking everything he had not to take Jason up on that offer to leave, but Nico knew that his friends wouldn't leave. The sun was slowly descending, too. By this point, they might just barely make it to the nearest town before dark. There was no way Nico was leaving camp after dark. Whether it be some crazy murderer or supernatural being, there was no way Nico was going outside of camp after dark. Another hour went by and everyone was getting ready for campfire. Jake and Lacy still hadn't returned, and now Mitchell, Will, Lou, and Cecil had vanished into the woods. Beckendorf and Silena went out there under Demeter's orders to bring them back. Nico didn't understand why anyone would want to go out there. Right, so, I had to break this thing up into two parts because it was 61 pages long. I could have just made it a giant one-shot, but I felt this would be easier on you guys. Also, as it is so long, there are bound to be plenty of mistakes that I overlooked. Editing something that long is not fun. Anyways, so the thing from the book in this fic is based on a character from a game I sometimes play. Any of you that play will probably recognize that, at least next chapter. The game is League of Legends(don't play if you aren't very thick skinned because players can be assholes), and the character is Thresh. Go look up images of him if you want an idea of the weapon he uses. Also, go look up "Thresh's theme" on Youtube to get some nice music to go along with this experience. Make sure to listen to that while you read the next part. Speaking of, I'll probably post the rest of this before I go to bed. I'm trying to accommodate everyone with time zones and schedules. I know that some will be busy with Halloween plans, while people over in like Asia and Australia are already beginning their Halloween. I mean, I don't know how much people celebrate it everywhere else in the world. I've heard it's more just Americans that hype it up so much. But it is my favorite holiday, so I don't understand how people can't love it. But I will see you guys in about 8 hours or so with the rest of this fic.