look. "You don't...have a crush on him, do you?" Nico felt his cheeks heat up. "N-No! He just saved me, that's all." Leo gave him a cheeky grin. "If you say so. I'll just say be careful if you do have one." Leo cleared his throat. "Anyways, I should get you down to Chiron. I have to get going so I can do some shopping for you." Nico nodded and the two made their way out of the suite. They made their way down the hall towards the elevators. Leo pressed the button when they arrived. "If you do need to find Percy, or myself when I'm working, you'll find us here. Percy lives and works on this floor." The elevator dinged and opened. They walked in and Leo slipped his keycard into the slot below the long list of buttons before hitting the button to the floor above them, the sixty-ninth floor. They stepped out of the elevator and into the bar. The bar itself ran the entire length of the far wall. Behind it were shelves covered in every type of alcohol in existence. There were expensive looking wooden tables all around the room, with chairs placed on top of them. In the two corners not being taken up by the bar were lounging areas with the same type of couches that were in Percy's living room. A few pictures hung around the walls for decoration. Five TVs sat around on the walls. Three on the outer walls and two behind the bar. A tall man with a small beard stood behind the bar, scrubbing a glass. He looked up and smiled warmly at Leo and Nico as they approached. "I take it this is my new charge?" the man asked. "Yep, he's all yours Chiron." Leo pulled out his phone to check the time. "Well, I need to get going." He patted Nico on the shoulder and headed back to the elevator. "Take care of him, Chiron." Chiron chuckled and looked back at Nico. The man had a warm face. He had deep brown eyes that reminded Nico of a warm fire. His brown hair was well groomed. He was tall, taller than Percy. Probably around six foot five. If he didn't appear to be so warm natured Nico would have been intimidated looking up at him. He also had a small scruffy beard. All in all, Nico would have to say the man came across as a father figure. He already liked the man better than his own father, and this guy hadn't even spoken to him directly yet. "Well then, shall we get you to work?" Chiron said, placing the glass back on to the bar. "More will be coming up to get to work soon. I just need to give you the run down before everything starts up around here." He placed his hands on the bar and smiled at Nico. "Now then, things will be very busy around here at night. You will work into the late hours of the morning, so expect to get off no earlier than three or four." Nico let out a groan. "Welcome to the night life, child." Chiron gave a chuckle. "What kind of people can I expect? This place looks like it would be expensive." "That it is. However, that means you'll find yourself with a nice paycheck. As for customers, we get all kinds of men and women. Businessmen, politicians, actors, musicians, you name it and we probably cater to them. Now, as I said, you won't be working alone. We are pretty busy at night, so there will be a few people running around with you. They, uh, change from night to night, depending on the schedules Percy gives them." Chiron clapped his hands together. "Now then, let us get you to work. I need you to start setting those chairs down. We will start seeing customers around lunch, so hop to it." Nico nodded quickly and set off to work. So, you might be wondering how I'm going to go about uploading chapters. Well, like I said, I'm going to be busy this month with two Halloween projects. So, I'm going to post maybe two chapters a week until we get caught back up. And I know that will take some time, but it'll give me a chance to work on other things. Bragi and I have spent the day talking, and I might have some new surprises on the way. Remember to keep an eye on my blog. Also, I'm sorry I didn't get to reply to a lot of reviews before the story got taken down, I've just been busy lately. But, yeah, don't worry, the story isn't going anywhere and neither am I. I'm not angry and you guys shouldn't be either. It's just a story that can be put back up. I can also use this time to correct some grammatical errors that I found that slipped through :D In other news, who has heard about the recent House of Hades spoiler? It seems our sweet little Nico is not as straight as believed him to be. I've said this before, if his sexuality is not stated, do not presume to know it. But yeah, if you have not heard, it seems like our Nico had a crush on Percy at one point, and still might. This is only still a rumor, until confirmed by the final release. But it's definitely putting everyone into an uproar. I started laughing, reading through some comments. Apparently, Percabeth fans aren't so secure in the strength of their couple. Sadly, I don't expect it to go anywhere, I just think it'll be Nico crushing on Percy and not having his feelings returned. That's just Nico's life. So yeah, point being: don't worry, it's not a huge deal. I'll see you lovely people later. Don't forget to follow and favorite the story again, and feel free to leave me a review if you want.