a murderer before I thought it was just a harmless prank though that's what I keep telling myself but when Jason mentioned the words to me and Dr. de bono I kind of figure it out." Percy recovered from ogling the really-cute-possibly-single doctor to being completely professional and asked, "So Dr. di Angelo how did you know Dr. de Bono? Judging by the way that Jason described your relationship with her it wasn't all rainbows and butterflies." Percy watched Dr. di Angelo for any signs that he might be a possible suspect but the dark-eyed man didn't show any signs of probable involvement with the murder and he didn't seemed shock at Percy's question instead the Doctor's lips just quirk like he's trying not to smile and nodded at him. "You're not my patient agent, so Nico's just fine; my relationship with Gaea and her son isn't really…nice. Gaea was one of the most renowned psychologists for a very long time, even when I was a student she was already known, so it isn't surprising that many would follow her especially since she's a very forceful woman. Though I met her 8 years ago when she invited me in one of her seminars that involved fixing children that are as she said were defective; I can't really say that she's a terrible psychologist if anything she has really amazing opinions." "But as remarkable she is with the children's parents she isn't as remarkable with the kids; she treats them like they're science experiments that she needs to solve." Nico sighed while twisting his skull ring. "This school , what kind of school is this anyway?" Annabeth said looking like she's piecing everything together. Even Percy already has a vague idea about this school with the way Nico had describe Dr. de Bono even an idiot could get the hint: a juvenile institution . Percy pursed his lips he's all about the discipline but he knows what they do in Juve so he isn't thrilled to hear about what Nico's going to say; and as Percy looked at Nico's eyes he knew that this isn't their killer. "De Bono's Institute is a very well known school for the past years or so, people bring their children, niece, nephews or the likes that are beyond their control as legal guardian to this place. You need to understand Dr. Gaea isn't really a warm person, I really can't tell you that much about that school since I only attended the seminars and I didn't get the chance to actually teach or talk to the students. But there are only two types of kids at that school that I often saw. Those who are new and still cause trouble and…" Nico looked torn and tired with all of this and Percy wanted to reach out and touch him which is weird since they've only met but he can't really fight the urge all of his senses are screaming at him, there is something about Nico di Angelo that Percy couldn't quite place but it makes him want to know the doctor more and more. Instead of touching Nico, Percy settled for a smile which seemed to have calmed the doctor since he smiled back. "The second one is those who act more like…robots, they act like dolls without any function not to play or to be creative. It's scary how you manage to switch off that part of a kids' mind. It's unnerving" Annabeth was silent the whole time absorbing everything Nico was saying while Jason was petting the huge dog whilst listening throughout Nico's explanation, and then he stared up at Nico and asked him in a very serious tone "do you think Dr. Gaea is our suspect?" Nico shook his head and stared at his dog while it walked toward him to be pet, "No. I don't think so, if there is something I learned back then it's that the de Bono's would only use their words to get rid of someone they don't like." Jason pursed his lips and glared at his shoes acting like he knew what Nico meant while the doctor on the other hand seemed lost in thought. Percy didn't really like how this two are acting right now so he turned to Annabeth to diffuse the tension, "So wise girl what do you think?" "Nico, can we see the tape?" Annabeth said in a gentle voice smiling slightly at Nico. The black-haired man nodded and stood up from the couch to put the tape on. When he did Percy was seriously contemplating about the tape being a prank with all the static in the screen but then all of a sudden a scream; not just any scream but like someone's being tortured and sliced to pieces; everyone in the room jumped at the sound even Nico who'd already seen it and Piper finally looking up from her laptop eyes widening at the sound, Nico's dog flattened its ears and covered its eyes. "Turn the damn thing off!" Percy said over the noise, Nico who had been frozen in his spot shook his head and told them to wait, though just as he said it the tape stop and everyone in the room stop and stared at the screen and then there it is; the voice of a child with no emotion in the words, the kid almost sounded so dead. Chanting repeatedly: Bad Love. Bad Blood. Don't give me the Bad Love. Bad Love. Bad Blood. Don't give me the Bad Love. Percy had seen and heard many things but not anything like this. This is probably much more hair-raising than the crime scene at the Stoll household. At the sound of the tape going back to static Percy finally realizes that they're dealing with something much more than an angered patient but someone more cruel and cunning. They need to arrest the psychopath before he does something much more horrifying. Thank you so much for reading!