of this was about. Why did Luke keep joking about that? Why did they make it sound like the town disliked them? They seemed like nice people, at least the three that Jason had gotten to meet. Well, at least Jason had made a few friends already. Jason did notice that they got a few looks from all of the people they passed. It seemed like Luke and Reyna tried to ignore all of the stares, but it was also evident that it was bothering them from the way they tensed up. It only got worse as they headed back downtown. Luke suddenly held up a hand for them to wait. Jason glanced at the other blond. He seemed nervous about something, his eyebrows knitted together. Reyna seemed to catch on as well, as the girl's lips pursed. Something was wrong. A crowd had congregated outside one of the churches. "Come on," Luke whispered, motioning for them to cross the street to avoid the people. Not quick enough. A loud sob made them stop. "What is going on?" Jason asked. Luke shook his head. "I don't know." From the crowd came a woman, sobbing erratically. When the crowd parted for her, Jason finally caught sight of what everyone had gathered there to see. He was not sure he was hungry anymore. He could not move, could not look away. Hanging from the cross that sat outside the church they were passing by was a man, or what was left of one. His face was melted—actually melted—like candle wax. Boils, pustules, and burns covered every inch of exposed flesh on his body. The man's clothes were still smoking and had been burned severely. Jason could see where some of the man's nose was starting to sink lower on his face. His eyes were missing from their sockets, and his mouth hung open. And then the smell of sulfur finally hit his nose. The crying woman fell backwards as she skidded to a halt. Her eyes were wide as she saw them. "They did this!" She cried out. The crowd of church goers turned around. Angry looks quickly replaced their distraught ones. "They murdered the pastor!" Reyna tried to nudge Jason to get him to move, but the blond couldn't budge. Luke stepped in front of them as the crowd of people began to shout in anger. Jason's eyes were blown wide. What the hell could have burned someone so badly, and in the middle of the day? He wanted to throw up from the smell of sulfur and burning flesh. "Devil worshipers!" "Satanists!" "They're evil! They need to be run out of town!" "Witches!" This was insane. Had Jason stepped back in time, maybe taken a wrong turn to Salem? Did these people really believe the things they were shouting? Either way, Luke and Reyna looked ready to bolt. Jason finally got his legs to work, and the three ran as fast as they could from the scene. His head was spinning. His first day here and someone had been murdered. What kind of fucked up place had his aunt sent him to? So this is my fic reborn. I think the beginning is a good example to use when I talked about the rewrite. It's differently written, but ultimately the same. Yes, some parts might change completely later, but trust me when I say it was for the best. I got so much praise for this fic, and I never understood why. It was full of holes. Maybe they had not become apparent yet, or maybe nobody wanted to see them. But they were there. These changes are meant to fix those holes and to improve the story. I always liked this story, and it was one of my biggest regrets to discontinue it. Then I realized it would work better as Jasico, for many reasons. Not because it's my current favorite ship, like I'm sure many think is the case. The way I wrote Percy, which is where Jason's character is now for those of you that are new, was not in line with his canon personality. This Percy is going to be legit. He is going to be up to no good, trying to cause trouble with people like the Stolls. Also, no spoilers from anyone that's returning from the old version. This is going to be a new experience for some people, so don't ruin it for them. That's all I ask. And one thing I don't want to see are comments about how the old version is better or you wish the pairing was still Percico. Not going to happen. Because if you really believed the old version was better, you missed what I said above. I've been trying to fix these for weeks now, throwing ideas at Carlee, and even she is just amazed at how flawed the old version was. It was not complete, it was not together. There were so many parts where I just threw something in with no real reason for it. I had no explanations for parts. Not to mention the old version turned into a huge ball of fluff. Is there going to be fluff? Yes, it's just going to be managed better. Because this story is now being made into what I originally envisioned. I let myself get caught up in things, but not this time. I'm sorry if that bothers some people, but I can't be happy with a story if it was turning into something I didn't want from it. I came up with this story as a Halloween present a few years ago. It was meant to be dark, scary at parts. It did have darker aspects, but the fluff practically drowned out all sense of darkness. This was meant to be a twisted story. I'm simply making it what it was supposed to be. And I hope you all enjoy this new version, hopefully more than the poorly constructed version of the last one.