will be on their way to church." He paused. "Hey, Annabeth. Yeah, we're done." The blond's lips scrunched up. "No, I don't think you should trust her to give you a makeover. Yes, I remember what she did to him. And you know how much he hates pink." Percy's stomach growled again. He would have to go grocery shopping as soon as he was done with school tomorrow. He would not survive long without nourishment. Luke seemed to notice his stomach again and chuckled. "Yeah, hey," Luke continued. "So, the new kid and I were going to grab some food while the angry mobs are gonna be at church. You two want to tag along?" Luke beamed and ran his finger along the metal chain around his neck. "Great! We'll see you two in fifteen." Luke hung up and smiled over at Percy. "So, we'll meet up by the school. You want to just walk?" Percy hesitated, his mouth opening and closing. "Um, we don't need to drive?" "Aw, city kids." Luke chuckled and opened the door for Percy. The raven haired boy stepped outside and Luke allowed him to lock his apartment door. "No, the place won't be that far to walk. And it'll give Thalia some sun." Percy chuckled as they walked down the stairs. Luke was turning out to be an okay guy. Perhaps a little odd, but still a nice guy. So Percy was somewhat happy that he had at least made a friend today. It would make tomorrow a bit easier on him. They found Annabeth and Thalia standing under a large tree. The black choker around Thalia's neck caught the green-eyed boy's attention in the light. A silver coin hung from it, and on it was etched an eagle carrying a lightning bolt. "Are you two girls ready yet?" Thalia asked. Percy looked up to meet her eyes when she looked over at him. "Been waiting on you two," Luke smirked with his arms crossed. Thalia grinned and hooped her arm through Luke's. The blond smiled and began walking. Annabeth peered around the two between Percy and herself. "So, did you get all settled in?" "For the most part." Percy stared down at her. "I have some more stuff coming tomorrow, so I'm just going to wait on organizing everything. Well," he chuckled, "what can constitute as organizing." The school was left behind them as they walked down the sidewalk. They got a few looks from people along the way from the few people that had apparently not already on their way to church. In a small town like this, he was not surprised he was drawing attention from passing eyes. Luke's brow furrowed and he slowed down. A crowd had congregated outside one of the churches. The two girls took notice of this and they began to walk more cautiously down the sidewalk. But when a loud sob pierced through the air, all four of them stopped. A woman with tears streaking down her face broke through the crowd. And Percy finally saw what everyone was looking at, though no one was willing to get extremely close to. Hanging from the cross that sat outside the church was a man, or what was left of one. His face was melted, actually melted, like candle wax. Boils, pustules, and burns covered every inch of exposed flesh on his body. The man's clothes were still smoking and had been burned severely. Percy could see where some of the man's nose was starting to sink lower on his face. His eyes were missing from their sockets, and his mouth hung open. And then the smell of sulfur finally hit his nose. The crying woman fell backwards as she skidded to a halt. Her eyes were wide as she saw them. "They did this!" She cried out. The crowd of church goers turned around. Angry looks quickly replaced their distraught ones. "They murdered the pastor!" Luke, Thalia, and Annabeth took a step back. Luke held an arm out, placing it in front of the two girls. Thalia's eyes were wide in fright, while Annabeth had her lips pursed and her head down. And then the chorus of shouting began. "Devil worshippers!" "Satanists!" "They're evil! They need to be run out of town!" "Witches!" Percy just stood there in shock. He was not sure what to concern himself with more. A dead man was crucified on a cross, the town was full of ignorant bigots, and his new friends were being accused of killing a man with witchcraft. So, before I get any complaints about anything offensive about the south in the story, I shall make it known that I do live in the south here in the United States. Although, it doesn't mean I can write southern accents very well, as I'm slowly finding out. Born and raised here, and yet I'm not very southern at heart. And I know that a lot of places in the south, if not most, are not like this town I've created, but I also know that there are people and places around here that do fit the stereotypes. I just find the setting interesting. As for Luke, you may notice I've written him differently for this, compared to my other fics. I considered Luke and his personality, taking out the gods from the equations, and felt he would be a friendly person. He seems to care about the other campers, and trying to do what's best for a lot of them. He just wasn't smart with those decisions. And in the first book, he seemed like a nice guy until the end. So I thought it was a nice change of pace. Anyways, l hope you guys enjoyed the first chapter. You'll see Nico in the second chapter. Well, again, if you saw the obvious in this chapter. So let me know what you guys thought. Don't forget to follow, favorite, and review. I'll see you lovely people next time.