into Jason's chest as he heard something hit the floor. The door slammed shut and Jason quickly ran with Nico's wrist tightly in his grasp. Tears streamed down Nico's cheeks as he turned to look back at the school. Once they were behind the police barricade, Jason let go of Nico's wrist. For a moment, Nico just stood there, hoping that he would see Percy walk out of that building. But when it became obvious that Percy would not be coming out, Nico fell to his knees and cried. Jason crouched down beside him, pulling his friend to his chest. "Nico!" Jason yelled as the boy attempted to run towards the school. The blond held onto Nico's waist and pulled him back into the grass, letting the boy cry some more. Nico clutched the grass, his heart felt like it was being torn in half. He screamed at the top of his lungs as hot streams of tears poured down his cheeks. Jason held onto Nico, but kept his eyes on the school as the order was given for the police to move in. There was a scream from the crowd outside as a few last gunshots were heard from within the school building. Nico pushed himself up and scrambled away from Jason. "I hate you!" He screamed at the blond. "How could you let him do that? Why didn't you stop him?" Tears now blurred Nico's vision as he stumbled around on the grass, his legs feeling weak. "He's dead!" "Nico," Jason whispered, trying to hold himself together. Nico smacked the blond's hand away from him. "I hate you!" He screamed as a female paramedic caught him and helped guide him over to an ambulance. Jason closed his eyes and fell back on the grass, pulling his legs up and burying his face into them, his fingers gripping tightly at his short, blond hair. Three days later, Nico stood beside Percy's casket, staring down at his boyfriend's peaceful face. Closing his eyes, he let his tears flow freely. The rain beat down on top of the tent that had been set up around Percy's grave. He didn't even notice anyone approach until a warm hand squeezed his shoulder. Sally Jackson pulled the weeping boy to her. Nico clung to her back and the two cried together. "I'm so sorry," Nico sobbed. Sally stroked his wet hair. "I know, sweetie." She wiped at her own eyes with the back of her hand. "I miss him, too. So much." Nico's fingers curled tighter in her dress. "Don't blame yourself, dear, he wouldn't want you to do that." Nico's chest heaved violently as he opened his eyes and spotted Jason standing over at a fresh grave, the one they had buried Piper in just the day before. Jason's eyes found Nico's in the rain and the brown-eyed boy sobbed again. He would have never said such harsh things to Jason before. No, Jason was one of his best friends. Nico knew he would apologize, but not right now. Right now, he just wanted to be with Percy as much as he could. Before Percy was taken from him forever. Nico pulled himself from Sally's hold and walked over to put his hands on the side of the casket. His chest heaved again as he brought the rose he had been at the start of the service up to his chest. Nico closed his eyes and placed the red rose on top of Percy's chest before leaning down and pressing his lips to Percy's temple. His heart broke when Percy didn't smile back at him. Nico would never see that smile again, never see those sea-green eyes sparkle back at him. Nico reached up and wiped the tears from his eyes, his lips trembling as a whole new set of tears came forth. He covered his mouth and sobbed, Sally rubbing soft circles into his back. Nico looked back at the woman and nodded, letting her know he would be okay. Sally nodded back and wiped at her eyes with the tissue she had been clinging to all during the service. Her mascara had long since left a black trail from her eyes. The boy wiped at his face again as he gripped the side of the casket. "I miss you," Nico whispered. He couldn't help it, he cried again. "I miss you so much," he sobbed. With a shaky hand, Nico reached out and gripped Percy's cold and lifeless hand. The warmth and assurance that usually came with it was no longer there. A tear fell from Nico's cheek and hit the shirt that Percy was being buried in. "Why'd you have to be such a hero?" Leaning forward, Nico rested his head against Percy's forehead. He wasn't ready for this, not that he probably ever would be. This wasn't supposed to happen. Nico looked down at Percy's peaceful face. He could no longer keep his eyes closed for very long, knowing he would only see Percy's happy face in his head. "I love..." Nico sobbed again, his legs giving out on him as he fell to his knees beside the coffin. "I love you so much, Percy Jackson." He wiped at his face again, though the tears kept coming. "Why'd you have to leave me alone? I don't know what I'm going to do without you." So, um, yeah, that was my dream brought to life. Um, I have noticed that things go much better in my head. I don't know, the school part didn't really turn out like I had originally planned, but I suppose it works. And if there is any confusion about that part where Percy got shot: Luke was going to try shooting Nico and Percy jumped in the way and protected Nico. So, yeah, let me know what you thought. And while this fic isn't over yet, I do plan on writing more Jasico in the future as well. I mean, if things go over well.