lips quirked. "Touché." Jackson shifted, the bag heaving in his arms, and frowned. "Ain't you going to go?" She gave it some thought. "No." "Well I'm not-" "What's in the bag?" He stiffened briefly, before his shoulders relaxed and he gave her a lopsided smile. "Not gonna bust me, are you?" "I would only be giving myself away." He grinned, gesturing for her to come closer. "True. But let's go somewhere else, we could easily get caught here." And so they climbed one of the bigger pine trees, sitting on one of the highest branches that could hold both of their weights combined. The bark was still damp and slightly slippery. Jackson set the plastic bag in his lap, untying the knot he had made to keep whatever was in there from spilling out with a bit of difficulty. "And- There! Got it!" Pixie rolled her eyes, and reminded him they had to stay quiet . He grinned. "Yeah, yeah, I got it, okay? But here, have a look." He practically shoved the whole bag into her face. Pixie blinked. The contents of the bag, it was- "Candy?" Jackson nodded. "I'm selling it to the other kids." Again, Pixie blinked. That was actually kind of... smart. She wouldn't ever tell him that however. "Okay." He raised an eyebrow. "'Okay'? That's all you have to say? ' Okay '?" "Pretty much." Jackson sighed heavily, seemingly disappointed. "And here I thought I'd finally get a reaction from you." She scoffed. "Never going to happen." Apparently he took that as a challenge. Jackson gave her a once over, smirk playing on his lips as he blinked at her innocently. "You're looking rather pale, I think you might be suffering from a lack of vitamin me." Pixie reared back, almost as if she had been slapped. "Excuse me?" He scooted closer to her, shoulders rubbing together with hers. "I lost my teddy bear, can I sleep with you?" "What are you-?" He stood up in a fluid move, bending at the waist and looking through dark lashes, eyes flashing impishly. He took her hand in his and held it in front of him as if he was going to kiss it. "Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?" She withdrew her hand quickly, crossing her arms, and huffed at him. "Are you really using pick-up lines on me?" He grinned, wagging his eyebrows suggestively. "Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?" She might have smiled a little bit at that one, but she turned away, hitting his leg as she did. "Shut up." She hit his leg harder than intended though, and Jackson slipped. Pixie's heart jumped up into her throat, her eyes widening. She tried to reach him, hand darting out to grab onto something - anything -, but he slipped through her fingers like smoke. "JACKSON!" She watched, frozen, as he hit some of the branches, snapping them. His hands grabbed at anything they could, but nothing they reached was strong enough to hold him, and one smack across his head from one particular branch and he was limb. Jackson hit the ground with a dull thud that seemed to echo within her head. Pixie was down and by his side faster than she registered. His brow was bleeding - a cut across his left eyebrow -, she could see, and his tan was getting paler but he was breathing . That was what counted. She began to wipe the blood away using her sweater's sleeve, not able to stand how it made Jackson seem even paler than he already was. She hadn't noticed she was shaking until a hand gripped her wrist. "You okay?" She almost hit him again. "Am I-? Am I okay ? You just fell out of a fucking tree and you're asking me if I'm okay !?" Jackson's lips quirked, but it was nothing like his usual goofy smiles. "I finally got a reaction from you." She took a deep breath, blowing out air through her nose. " Moron ." He grinned, but it turned into something more of a grimace. "Hey, you're even insulting me again, you're more than just fine." " Peachy ." She pressed a sleeve covered hand to the still bleeding wound. "Are you hurt anywhere?" He tried to move, but the action caused him to wince. "My- My back hurts, my shoulder too, but other than that - and my head -, I'm fine." "You haven't broken anything?" "Don't think so." A weight lifted off her shoulders. "Good." Jackson blinked up at her, taking in her expression before a glint of mischief filled his eyes. "Don't tell me you-" "Hey! You two! What are you doing out after curfew?!" Footsteps were running towards them, and from what Pixie could hear it sounded like there was more than two. She could see a couple of flashlights waving through the air. She smiled lightly down at the boy in her lap. "You were right. We would get busted if we stayed out here." He tried to turn his head to look at the oncoming teachers, but Pixie kept him still. He huffed up at her, sending her a mock glare. "Well if we're getting busted then you might as well take some before the teachers confiscate it." He smirked. "Free of charge, of course." Pixie smothered the smile that threatened to break out, before he got a chance to see it. Jackson wasn't so bad. She would allow him to be near her - for now -, if only to somehow repay him... Yay! first chappie is up! Wheeeeeeeeee~! *Cough cough* Right, I just needed to get that out of my system, soooo~ Whacha think? It's a bit drabble-ish, I know, but it won't be like that for every chapter. Leave a review and tell me what you think of the new version, or if you're new to this story altogether leave one anyway!