shock then narrowed. "Who are you to tell me what to do?" He spat as she smirked "I'm a lieutenant, and you're only a private. Actually, I have every right to tell you what to do." she said as everyone snickered as he turned red in anger "Look at you, a little girl scout with big words but can you prove it?" he said unsheathing a sword and walked towards her but someone appeared behind him, bringing his arm behind him and forcing him to a knee as he slammed his head into a table, pulling his arm back making him yelp in pain but I couldn't see his eyes since his head was down. "If you every try to harass one of my friends again, I'll kill you myself and I'll do it slowly and make you feel pain beyond measure." He hissed pulling out a hunting knife and putting it against his neck as blood seemed out as I went to do something, even though I hate Mike, he is a soldier but Chaos spoke. "Archangel." She said sternly as the man, who I guess was Archangel froze for a few seconds till he released him and disappeared and reappeared on his throne, head leaned back on his throne while his eyes were closed "Don't mind Archangel, he's very defensive over his friends and his army in general." she said as Mike's friends helped him up "As I said before, they sustained heavy losses in a war on Planet Tarken and lost five thousand of their soldiers." she said as we grimaced "Seems like that's more than a beating." Malcolm said while we nodded. "Do they have a name Lady Chaos, it would kind of help us." Maria said as we nodded as she looked at the soldiers on the thrones as they all exchanged glances with each other till the one on Archangel's right nodded ' Why is Chaos taking orders from them? Shouldn't it be the other way around?' I thought as she spoke "They have many names and I'm pretty sure you've heard a few of them 'The Saviors' or 'The Army of Light' are some pretty famous ones." she said as we all looked at each other, thinking that this group is the same group who brought down most of the Universe's deadliest tyrants and killers. "But their name is The Angels of Chaos." she said as I heard multiple forks and silverware hit the ground as it went deadly silent as I looked around and saw everyone looking at the small group of soldiers in shock, awe, and envy. "We've kept the Angels of Chaos separated from the Army of Chaos for a reason." She said as Hemera spoke "But the main reason is envy, if the army knew about the Angels then it would cause problems thus why we kept them hidden. The reason we brought them out of the shadows is because they lost most of their tacticians, healers, scouts, and many others but have plenty of fighters." she said as the twenty five Angels still sat on their thrones, observing us "Can we know their names?" Maria said as Chaos nodded and on sync, all twenty five of them stood up as the one beside Archangel spoke "My name is Lucas, I am a son of Aether and Hemera, lieutenant of Alpha Company." he said as the one opposite of Archangel spoke "My name is Zoe Nightshade, champion of Nyx, lieutenant of Beta Company." she said as everyone's eyes if possible widened even further as my ears started ringing. ' Why is a dead hunter of Artemis standing in front of me' I thought as the next one spoke "My name is Michael Yew, champion of Aether, lieutenant of Gamma Company." he said as the one opposite spoke "Lee Fletcher, champion of Hemera, lieutenant of Delta Company." he said as I stared at them in shock ' Their all supposed to be dead. How are they here' I thought in shock but it only seemed to get worse as they moved down the row "My name is Silena Beauregard, champion of Erebus, lieutenant of Epsilon Company." she said smiling at me as I clenched my head "Hey, you okay?" I heard Hailey say "Their supposed to be dead. How are they here?" I muttered "I know, everyone else is thinking the same thing." I heard as I heard more and more names of fallen heroes from the second Titan War such as Ethan Nakamura, Charles Beckendorf, Bianca Di Angelo and much more. "My name is Calypso, champion of Ourea, lieutenant of Zeta Company." I heard as my eyes snapped toward Calypso, who was supposed to be imprisoned on a island. The ringing finally stopped as I unclenched my head and looked around to see everyone looking at the lieutenants in shock and awe but the last two are what brought me to tears when I heard them "My name is Leo Valdez, champion of Ouranos, lieutenant of Sigma Company." I heard as I saw Leo with his usual grin that signals trouble when you're near him ' He died in the war against the giants' I thought, the memories of Leo dying still fresh in my mind. Even after seven hundred years "Percy Jackson, champion of Nyx, Erebus, Aether, Hemera, Chronos, Ouranos, and Chaos, commander of the Angels of Chaos." I heard as the commander looked up as everyone gasped. Sparkling sea green eyes bore right into mine as I sat there, frozen in my seat as flashbacks started to come back to me as chaos ensued, literally. Hope you enjoyed the first chapter! I had a small problem on Percy Jackson: Champion of the Primordials so I won't be able to update that for a while, but I decided to make this to keep you interested. Hopefully I'll have it up and running again within the week but for now, I hope you enjoy and feel free to review!