that is the most likely age Hades and Zeus will know he's a son of Poseidon. he said as I nodded "You should get some rest before your next training session with Gaea." he said as I nodded and left the throne room. Seven years later I stood in the throne room in front of the portal that's going to lead me to earth with my father and siblings around me "Good luck son, I know you'll do great things." he said as he pulled me into a hug "I should get going father, I appreciate everything you've done for me." I said as I went to step into the portal but was stopped by father. "Before you leave, some of your brothers and sisters wish to give you some gifts." He said as Nyx, Hemera, and Ouranos all stood in front of me with different weapons in their hands. "We all know you only have one true weapon so we decided to give you some extras just in case." Aether said with a smile as Hemera spoke first "All of the weapons can change forms like you sword, Riptide. I'll go first." she said as two flashes appeared in her hands, when they died down I saw a spear that was pitch black with white streaks mixed in with it while a shield was in her other hand that was the same way. "All of the weapons that we give you are blessed by father, meaning that they are indestructible." She said as she gave me the shield and spear "The spear will summon the light to your will and can blind your opponents, the shield will send out little bursts of light blinding your enemies whenever something makes contact with it, it works on monsters but Titans and Giants it will not." she said while I smiled at her "I could use some mid-range, I thank thee sister." I said gratefully while she shook it off. "The shield can turn into a watch and the spear can change into a pen like Riptide, just cap it like you would Riptide, your shield is the same way." she said as I capped the spear and shield and saw that she was right but the pen was pitch black with white streaks mixed in with it while the watch was the same way as I gave her a tight hug as she hugged back. "I'll go next." Ouranos said as he gave me a pitch black bow with lightning streaks going down it "The bow can shoot normal arrows and different arrows that were blessed by Hemera, Erebus, Chronos, and Pontus giving you multiple arrows that will slow down time, blind your enemies, use the shadows to trap someone, or use the water. The quiver will have unlimited arrows so you won't have to worry about running out. We would prefer it if the arrows that were blessed are used for if you are too tired to summon your powers. It will change into a ring, just think about it." he said as I nodded and thought of it as a ring as it shimmered and changed into a electric blue ring "All you have to do is twist it and it will appear as a bow while the quiver will already be on your back." he said as I thanked him and gave him a hug. "And then there was one." I said looking at Nyx while she rolled her eyes as a pair of hunting knifes that were pitch black with stars and planets rotating around them "I know that this isn't the best but I know you enjoy using the hunting knifes." she said as I spoke "It's perfect sister, I couldn't have asked for it any better." I said as I twirled them around with expertise as she handed me the sheaths "Plain and simple, I like it." I said while giving her a hug "Stay safe, I can't afford to lose my little brother." she said as I spoke "I cannot assure thee sister, trouble always seems to find me but I will try my hardest to stay out of trouble." I said as I pulled away from her. "I appreciate everything thou have done for me." I said sincerely as they waved it off "Good luck son, it should be a week or two before Zeus or Hades finds out about you and your brother. Hades knows about you but not Zeus so expect some crazy things from those two." father said as I nodded "Where will the portal take me?" "It will take you to your mother's apartment. Good luck son." dad said as I thanked everyone for the gifts and got ready to step through the portal but was stopped. "Wait! I didn't give you your gift." Eros said as I looked at him confused as a longbow appeared in his hands along with a quiver "I know how much you enjoyed using the longbow so I created you one, it has forty eight arrows but they won't come back to you but they will cut through the toughest armor like butter." he said as I took the longbow and observed it, the longbow was like the hunting knifes that Nyx gave to me with the planets and stars rotating around it. "It's simple, I enjoy that. This is really appreciated, brother." I said gratefully as I gave him a hug. "Don't worry about it, only the best for the future Savior of Olympus." He said as I raised an eyebrow but didn't say anything as he continued "It won't have to change into anything just think will it to disappear and it will, same thing for if you want it to appear." he said as I nodded and looked at the portal "This is going to be interesting." I said as I walked through the portal as my world went black. Hope you guys enjoyed the story! Feel free to review!