that top layer of grime, the old gold on the bottom can shine through. I guess that's what's keeping me going. Or, this is just a temporary crush that'll go away in a few months...You know what? That's not an option. He was the one that helped me before - and when I looked into those clear blue eyes crackling with life and electricity, I knew I was a goner. I just wish he wouldn't talk to me solely on the purpose of hooking up. And then I made the mistake of having eye contact with him. His sky-blue eyes twinkled with excitement and slight panic (well, we were going to be late, of course our little geeky jock was gonna freak out about that) but was quickly replaced with a stare of smugness and his lips turned up into a smirk. "Checking me out, McLean?" he said, a tone of superiority (and hopefulness, though I tried to ignore that) filled his voice. He wriggled his eyebrows in the most creepy way possible, and I kind of become a little less attracted to him. Why do I always fall for the bad guys? Thalia looked up and caught a glimpse of my laser glares directed at her twin. "Aw...so adorable." She ruffled the hair on Jason's head, causing him to break gazes with me and scrunch up into a ball, pressing his body against the door and trying in vain to bat her hands away. "Go get her, tiger." She gave each of us a wink, and I hit her arm. HARD . "Ow! What was that for?!" She whined as she rubbed her arm. "You know why." She pouted and it would've looked adorable, if she didn't have so much punk makeup on as an act of rebellion. "I'm still rooting for Jasper, though." "Rooting for - for what ?" "Nothing." She put her hands up and then directed her attention back towards the blurry greenery outside of the car. "See? Even my sister knows you-" Jason reaches out to touch a stray strand of my choppy hair, but I effectively dodge my head to the side. He huffed and continued: "-and me-" He smoothed his slightly disheveled hair to the side. "-are meant to be." I sneered. I hate being a snooty girl to anyone, but Jason Grace isn't a human. "You wish, Grace." "Yes I do. So...how about eight? I'll pick you up." I rolled my eyes and focused on driving, pretending as though I hadn't heard that last comment. Like I said. Pig. After running only a couple stop signs and driving over the state speed limit, we got to school minutes before the bell. Unfortunately, that means Thalia's gonna leave me alone to get to her classroom. "Catch ya later, alligator." she nudged her head towards her brother's direction and sent a sly wink, only for it to be returned by a death glare and a deep scowl. I quickly walked to my classroom, hoping to completely avoid my arch nemesis. It didn't work. "Piper! Wait up!" Oh no. Today was a good day, and of course he has to ruin it. I tried to ignore him, but he caught up anyways. "So, Piper I-" "No." I didn't really want to hear his rambling today. "Was thinking that maybe Friday-" "Nope." "We could go out-" "I don't care." "On a date." "No!" I stop walking completely. "I'd like to keep my virginity, please!" He looked mildly annoyed. "Are you a selfish, stuck up woman everyday?" His words smacked me in my face. "Excuse me? You're the one who wants to hook up!" "Well, all the ladies love me!" I glared at him. "First of all, I'm immune to your 'charm.' Funny, huh? Second of all, that's Leo's line." And with that, I left him gawking. "Good morning class!" my cheery English teacher called out. "Good morning …" the class mumbled; half of the students there were already high or still on the border of Dreamland and reality. "Well, today…" I intently listened to the rest of the conversation while everyone else dozed off. In drama class, the teacher had a big announcement to make. "Because we are in dire need of major project for semester two, I have decided that instead of learning about drama, how about we put our own play on? Now, please pick up a slip of paper from the hat, which will show you what role you will be playing." After a couple minutes, the hat came to me. Picking up a piece of paper, I opened it and it read: Juliet . Are you kidding me? I just wanted a small roll, and now everyone else will hate me even more than usual! Besides, how can the nerdy, quiet freak play an extraordinary character like, well, someone from one of the most well-known plays in the world?! Certainly not me. "Okay…" said the teacher, "Who got Juliet?" I raised my hand and out came a gasp from just about everyone. "And how about Romeo?" Jason raises his hand. Two things come into my mind at this point: Jason is my unconditional love for this play. As you may or may not know, I fucking HATE him. If the script isn't too modified, I have to kiss him. In front of everyone. I have to kiss him. Oh. My. God. ~ (First ever Author's Note; untouched) ~ Hey there! My name is Katie and I am new to this website as of January 2016! Got any suggestions? An idea that's been harassing you that can be incorporated into this plot? Feel free to review and I'll be happy to integrate it in! Any tips and tricks? Warm welcomes? (JK about the welcoming part :P) This chapter is edited. There were A LOT of cuss words and someone said that it was too much so I just replaced about 99% of them. Be sure to smash that review/ Follow/Fav button! Thanks, TheButterflyEffect