a copy of the aforementioned list. "I haven't even seen the list, Annabeth," Mr. Blofis responded. "The song is a recruitment number, we're performing it in the cafeteria to recruit new members, once they here how cool we are. They'll be begging to join," he said with confidence. "And what song is that?" Clarisse asked. "Some old 80's pop-rock hit that our parents love, but we've never heard?" Paul took away his copy of Don't Stop Believin' off the table defensively, "I saw that," she replied. "But that's not it," Mr. Blofis said, "I was thinking something more modern so um, what do you kids listen to? Here," he said, turning on the radio. "We'll do the first song that comes up,"After a commercial you could hear the trademark "do," of Uptown Funk. "Dear god no." Piper complained, and the others agreed, "change it. Now," normally Paul wouldn't have felt threatened by that, but Piper was scary when she wanted to be. The next song that came up wasn't much better, it was completely auto-tuned. The next song was a dub step fail. Finally Piper gave in and handed her phone to Mr. Blofis and pressed shuffle. One, two, three, uh! My baby don't mess around Because she loves me so And this I know for sure. Uh, But does she really wanna But can't stand to see me Walk out the door . "No, we are not debuting with this 90's trash. I think that we should do something classic, broadway perhaps?" Annabeth suggested. "No, Annabeth," Paul said, "I've got an idea, you all have lunch together, right?" The glee club showed up in the cafeteria that Friday, ready to perform something that they'd spent all week working on. They were all dressed in Goode high colors (Blue and white). Finally, "la da da da. Da da da laaaaa" was heard, and the glee club stood up on tables, ready to perform. Piper: She sees them walking in a straight line, that's not really her style. Grover: And they all got the same heartbeat, but hers is falling behind. Piper and Grover: Nothing in this world could ever bring them down. Grover: Yeah, they're invincible, and she's just in the background. Piper: And she says, Percy: "I wish that I could be like the cool kids, Annabeth: 'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to fit in. Percy and Annabeth: I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids." Clarisse: He sees them talking with a big smile, but they haven't got a clue. Annabeth and Clarisse: Yeah, they're living the good life, can't see what he is going through. Grover: They're driving fast cars, but they don't know where they're going. Percy: In the fast lane, living life without knowing. Piper: And he says, All: I wish that I could be like the cool kids, 'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to fit in. I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids. Piper and Percy: I wish that I could be like the cool kids, 'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to get it. I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids." Annabeth and Percy: And they said, "I wish that I could be like the cool kids, 'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to fit in. Clarisse and Annabeth: I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids. I wish that I could be like the cool kids, 'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to fit in. All: I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids. I wish that I could be like the cool kids, 'Cause all the cool kids, they seem to get it. I wish that I could be like the cool kids, like the cool kids." Piper: Like the cool kids The crowd loved the performance, surprisingly, even Percy's friends. "I didn't know you could sing," Reyna said. "You're really good," "And this club, are they taking auditions?" asked Silena."It seems like fun," Pretty much all the other populars rolled their eyes. "Hey, sorry I have interests outside of cheerleading." She said, jokingly. "I'd audition," Jason said. "Seems like fun," "Hey," Percy said, "Glee club is not cool. It's for losers and dorks. I'm sorry I had to join, but let's not make it cool. 'Kay?" Anybody who knows anything about Goode high knows that Percy's word is law. Except then something else happened "Hey I'm Silena," "I'm Reyna," "And I'm Drew," "And we'd like to audition for glee club." Annabeth fiddled with her charm bracelet, "With all due respect, Mr. Blofis, I'm suspicious, why would frosted flakes want to join glee club. I'm not so sure that letting them in is a good idea, all of us losers, outcasts, what makes us, us will be forgotten." Reyna walked forwards, "No, Chase, whatever crazy conspiracy you have in your huge head is most definitely not true. We're joining because we are performers too." "Besides," Drew added, "We might not even make it," Mr. Blofis replied, "Yes you will. It's an everyone gets in policy, as for whatever squabble you have with Annabeth, and everyone else, solve it. Because this year we are making it to Nationals and we are winning. C'mon, show is what you've got." "I still don't trust them," Annabeth muttered. A/N: Did you like it? This is possibly the longest chapter I've ever posted, well the song lyrics definitely help...let me know if you liked it, as well as any song suggestions. I prefer not to use many modern pop songs, despite what I put in this chapter. Also, anyone who's seen glee will get the numerous references, such as Frosted Flakes :) Questions: What song should Nico and Hazel sing for their audition? And do you even want me to continue this? Anyways Valete, My Queens! -Zaz