grabbed my top pillow and exchanged it with his spare ones, hugging mine to his body. I found that odd but didn't comment. Will smacked down on the floor and tugged down a thin blanket from the bed closest to him. He pulled it up to his chin. "You're not going to let me see her, are you?" "You wouldn't want to." Will and I were almost nose to nose. I felt his breath mingling with mine. No. I can't think about that when he just heard the news of one of his closest friend's death. I roll onto my back, letting out a breath. We stay quiet for a while, the only sound is our soft puffs of breath. "Nico?" "Yeah?" "Promise me you won't..." He trails off with a mumble, and I flick my eyes over to him, only seeing his flash of blond hair from the corner of my eyes. "What? Speak up Will." He sighs loudly, exasperated. "Promise me you won't leave me as well." I close my eyes, and let a breath put, reaching silently for his hand. In the darkness, I feel my hand close around three of his fingers, and I hear him take a sharp breath in. He wraps his long piano fingers with mine, intertwining them. "It's not particularly on my agenda." I say, not wanting to lie (because no demigod is always safe) but wanting to make him feel at least a bit better. "Good." A week passes and not much happens. Chiron seems to be interrogating a handful of campers, but it doesn't look like he has any leads. Will and I walk to the mess for every food break. He acts like nothing happened around others, but when he's with me, I'm the talkative one. And that's saying something. After my daily sword practice with the Hermes cabin (the horror). I make my way over to the infirmary to take Will to lunch. When I walk in, I find him sitting behind the infirmary desk, a stack of paperwork next to him. "Hey? Ready for lunch?" "Ha! No. Go on without me. I asked Austin to make sure you eat." "Will!" "What? What's the difference between him doing it and me?" He smirks and bites the top of his pen extremely sexily. And that's why there's a difference. "I'll bring back a plate for you, then." "Thanks, have fun." "I'll try not to." I wave to him and he salutes me with his pen. I sit down on the Hades table, a sandwich landing in front of me. I check it, and it's egg and lettuce. Just what I wanted. I feel a tap on my shoulder, and I turn to see Jason smiling down at me, his grin a tad crooked from his staples scar. "Hey, how's Will going?" "Okay, well... as okay as you can be under his circumstances." "Well, how are you doing?" I was a little taken aback by that, and stared at him for a few seconds. Eventually... "... Why...?" "You found two dead bodies because of your Hades-ness. That's kind of scary." I resisted the urge to remind him I have caused deaths more gruesome than allergy. But never to a nine year old. Or to anyone other than a savage dickhead. Also... Hades-ness...? That's worse than Underworld-ly magic. For the love of my father's underwear, think of something less stupid, people! "I've seen worse." Is all I say, but Jason sits down next to me, and my beautiful egg sandwich is completely out of my line of vision. Sad. "Nico. That's not what I asked. Are you okay?" "I'll be fi-" "Nico. People have died because they are too proud or too stubborn to admit that they are fine." I glance at my lap before meeting Jason's hard blue gaze. "I think... I'll be fine when Will is fine." Jason smiles slightly, which is again a little crooked (but I see how Piper finds that endearing... I guess...) "Do you have a crush on Will?" "What? No." Liar. Pfft. Big ass liar. "Well... you're gay. He's bisexual. You guys are incredibly close. I'm sure there's more than just friendship between you guys..." "Can't two gay guys be friends? Jeez." Why don't you just admit it? I'm sure have the camp are already betting on us. "Yeah. They can. But not these two gay guys, as you so delicately put it." Jason stood, gently touching my shoulder for a second before walking away. I turn back to my sandwich. Sooner I eat this, the sooner I can go see Will. With that thought, I picked up my lovely sandwich and took a bite. I ate lunch quicker than usual, although that's still pretty slow as I eat next to nothing. I caught Austin's look from across the hall and he raised two fingers to his eyes then pointed them to me. I'm watching you, his eyes said, eat that sandwich or Will {will} hurt me, they begged. When I pushed my plate away from me, crust and everything finished, I stood and nodded at Jason, who winked. Ugh. A-nnoy-ing. I passed the Aphrodite table when I felt my entire left leg just completely shut down. It just didn't move. I could still feel my sword sitting on my leg, but it just wouldn't connect to my brain that I wanted to move. Not a second later, my right leg followed and I just fell forward onto the ground, cracking my nose on the concrete. I heard clopping sounds come from somewhere far away, and they sounded almost urgent, but everything blacked out when I realized that my arms had stopped working too. I blinked groggily, but... then my eye lids practically froze, half lidded, the only thing I could see was feet and hooves in front of me. Something strange happened after that. My chest and torso stopped moving, like someone was pressing down on me, like I'm, almost, maybe sort of-