a bit of difficulty before stabbing another piece, not really sure what to say. Fortunately, Percy seemed willing to elaborate further, "What happened… I just want you to know it was cool and really, I don't mind." And much to the ghost king's surprise he added, "Except for the fact that you said I wasn't your type. Not cool. How can I not be anyone's type?!" And before he knew it he was chuckling and almost choking at his food. Percy grinned at him and slowly that grinned turned into a soft smile. His heart fluttered at the sight, but it wasn't the same as back then. Now… it was a little… different . "I just want us to be friends again and I want us to stop trying to avoid each other all the time. Gods! You have no idea how childish that is!" Percy exclaimed looking exasperated. "Are you calling me childish, Jackson?" There was no hint of anger, just amusement. Truth to be told, he really was the one who did most of the avoiding after all. "Maybe…?" Percy grinned and reached out to ruffle his hair which Nico tried to slap off. The son of Poseidon laughed as he held both his hands up once the younger teen threatened that he would make him fall through the earth down to the underworld just by the field of punishment if he didn't stop messing up his hair. Finally, as they settled down, Nico sighed and spoke, "Look… Percy, I—" "I hope you're not apologizing, because I don't think you have any reason to be sorry about at all." All the amusement had faded from his features and now the hero was giving him a stern glare, "You absolutely have no reason to be apologizing to me about anything." "But—" "I'm the one who's supposed to be apologizing here." Percy sighed, pushing his cereal aside, "I wasn't even aware, and gods, I never realized how much I've been such a jerk!" "Yeah… you usually have that bad habit of not noticing." Percy immediately gave him a deadpanned look and he couldn't help the small smirk, "It's fine, really. You wouldn't have known. After all, why would I let you know something so… embarrassing back then?" Percy shook his head, "Dude, it doesn't even matter. We would never shut you out just because of that. I wish you could've at least trust us you know?" He shrugged, feeling a little better at the turn of events, "Well, I did now, didn't I? Better late than never." And with that, the taller teen grinned and held out a hand, "Friends?" Nico smiled back, a bit embarrassed, before hesitantly accepting the other's hand, no spark or electric current unlike that time when they shadow-travelled, and the son of Hades couldn't help the smile that widened significantly, "Friends." All the good vibes from morning was immediately drained out when Nico couldn't find the son of Apollo anywhere. He had no choice but to head back to his cabin when afternoon came. Jason called out to him to hurry up, the SUV was already waiting. Completely getting lost with the track of time, Nico accidentally skipped lunch to go back to his cabin and stuff some random clothes in his backpack. He didn't bother changing clothes as he quickly headed out when he heard more honking from afar. Nico scowled at this and sprinted towards the exit of the camp. Argus was by the driver's seat, looking bored. He turned and immediately saw Jason putting his bag inside the van before shutting the door. Annabeth and Percy leaned against the vehicle talking animatedly to one another. Once they noticed him, Percy grinned and waved, Annabeth did the same, looking happy and proud at the same time. He waved back before turning to Jason who adjusted his glasses, "Where's Piper?" "She's on her way." And as if on cue, Piper comes running down the hill waving at them excitedly. She wore a checkered button-up shirt and a pair of skinny jeans. Her hair braided to the side as usual with the blue feather dangling back and forth as she ran. "What took you so long?" Jason frowned, taking her bag from her once she stopped in front of them. Piper suddenly gave Nico a funny look which made him frown in suspicion. This can't be good. "Sorry, someone wanted to tag along." She chirped cheerfully. And before her boyfriend could ask, Piper turned around just in time to see a blonde boy trudging towards them, a back pack slung casually over his shoulder and his attire was a simple casual blouse and jeans rather than the usual green surgeon shirt and cut-off shorts… but still wearing those flip-flops— Nico shook his head as he realized that that wasn't the problem here. He turned visibly pale before looking at Piper for an explanation. "Well, he insisted he needed to take care and keep watch of his patient, just to make sure he wouldn't start using his "Underworld-y magic"." Piper's grin widened, while dread just settled in Nico's stomach… as well as the new set of skeletal butterflies he really wanted to get rid of. He didn't miss how Jason seemed to stiffen and how Percy looked at him and Piper in confusion, then at Will. Annabeth, meanwhile, smirked at the daughter of Aphrodite. His attention was immediately drawn back to Will who halted in front of him and grinned so bright, Nico almost squinted. "It's a Doctor's duty after all." Nico hoped he wasn't turning red, because his face was definitely on fire at the moment. He tried to scowl just to hide this and spoke (trying to sound annoyed as much as possible), " Doctor's orders , I presume?" The grin melted into a soft smile as he agreed, "Doctor's orders." End of Chapter In case you're wondering, the song's called 'What Hurts the Most' by Rascal Flatts. Reviews! Please and thank you! ;D