hit his face—" "Help! Someone HELP !" Then there were some shuffling sounds and a lot of thuds. "No, wait—! Trust me—OW!" Will pulled a small table in front of the sleeping demigod and huffed as he finally stopped by his bed. He covered it with a red table cloth and put some china and a wine glass on top. "Alright Nico," The blonde looked over him in excitement, "Prepare to be surprised!" He grabbed the table cloth, "I've seen this in youtube loads of time and I think I have enough information to actually do it properly! So—!" . . "We could try and make the fireworks come to life!" Lou Ellen suggested in excitement as she looked at Annabeth who was busy scanning her tab. "It is possible, depending on the amount of chemical elements we are to produce here—we're going to have to make this by scratch—" "Uhm, hello? We've got magic! We don't need to worry about all that… science-y stuff." "Of course we do! We need a plan—everything needs a plan! Fireworks are very complex –" CRASH! Both demigods looked up in surprise, and they automatically turned their heads to the source of the noise. " WILL SOLACE! STOP DISTURBING THE PATIENTS!" More noises erupted and it went on for a few minutes before silence finally fell. Lou Ellen turned to Annabeth, "What was that all about?" By the end of the day, Will was chasing some of his siblings who had stolen the guitar he was about to use. They had actually reached the beach and Will had to stop as he saw the sun setting from afar. Hopelessness suddenly settled as he realized that within a couple of hours, Christmas will arrive. And Nico was still trapped in his deep slumber. He fell on his bottom, not really caring about the cold snow and looked up at the darkening sky. What did he do to deserve this? Why does the life of a demigod have to be so messed up? "Mind telling me why you're freezing your butt off out here?" He looked up to see Leo grinning at him in amusement. "Leo!" He exclaimed in surprise. The demigod in front of him, who was dubbed "a miracle" by the campers, had actually arrived about a month later after the Gaea war. Piper actually tackled him to the ground after his grand entrance (which involved crashing down the camp's forest before face planting on the ground as his girlfriend landed on top of him). There were tears, anger and a lot of emotional moments at that time. But all in all, everyone was glad—and things became lighter and more cheerful thanks to the other's return. Unfortunately though, Leo didn't stay long as he told them he only came by to see them and fix Festus. He had after all promised his girlfriend—Calypso—that he would give her a tour around the world, which may take a really long while. But he also promised to drop by once in a while. A promise which he apparently kept. "You're back!" Will said with wide eyes. He then stood up and tried to dust the snow off his pants. It was a little uncomfortable talking to someone he never really was close to—which is why he found it a little suspicious that Leo was talking to him, of all people. "Yeah, I just arrived during this lunch!" Leo gave him a sly look, "But I guess you were a little too busy at that time, huh?" "I –uhh… yeah." Will shifted his feet self-consciously, "I've been trying to wake someone up." "Oh yeah! Nico—I came by to ask you about him. I just heard the news from Jason and Pipes!" Then he gave him a curious look, but the smirk was apparent behind the façade, "And from what I heard he'll be waking up two days from now, right? So what's up man?" Then Will knew there was no point in hiding it anymore as he embarrassingly shared to him his true purpose. "I just want to spend Christmas with Nico, okay?!" His face heated up as he forced his gaze on the ground, "And sure I can wait three days for him to wake up, but… it just isn't the same!" Leo's expression softened, "Man, you are one strange dude." "Huh?" The other shrugged, "I always found Nico the scary-type, you know? And I think most people in this camp do as well. But you on the other hand…" He grinned, "You've got enough fire to melt that ice." "Thanks…? I guess…?" "I'm not really close to that guy…" Leo admitted with a shrug, "But I can tell that Nico had been through a lot of messed up stuff, and as his friend… I appreciate what you're doing for him." Will smiled and gave him a small nod. Though he really wanted to tell the fire-wielder that there really was no need for thanks, since technically everything he had done so far was mostly out of his own selfishness to spend the holidays with Nico. Then the smile vanished as he remembered his predicament. Leo unconsciously lit a flame on the tip of his finger, surprising the other, "You can still make it, you know? Christmas isn't 'til tomorrow." "I know. But… you see—I was planning this—" Then his pale blue eyes widened and Leo had to look at him curiously. Before the demigod could react, the blonde suddenly trapped him in a hug. "Oh gods! Thanks for reminding me!" Then he let go and started running off, "I gotta go!" "Uh… okay?" Leo waved back hesitantly, "You're welcome?" End of Chapter So what do you think does Will have in mind in waking up our dark prince? Do you think he'll succeed or… not? This was supposed to be a one-shot… but I ended up making it longer xD Reviews please? OuO Next chapter will be updated on Christmas day.. with a special bonus ;)