lap. He would smile over at me in an ad break. I would think 'I love this guy so much' and I hardly thought twice about it. In the same week as it was snowing, there was a ring at my door. Will was on the couch, and my dad was at a big conference in France. I opened the door wearily. It was Percy. I felt my heart stop. Not because I loved him and missed him, but because it looked like he was freezing his ass off and would collapse at any second. I sat him in front of the heater and Will grabbed a blanket for him. "So. You're probably wondering why I'm here," Percy said, standing. He didn't look so blue anymore. That's good. I nodded at him. "Do you still not talk?" I nodded again, and he smiled. "Okay." "Nico. You just happened to be out of milk and bread at this extremely convenient time. I will go and grab some for you," Will was out the door before I could say anything. I smiled slightly. "So. Do you remember Annabeth?" I nod and grab a pad of paper and pen. 'You're in love with her and you want to propose but I have your ring?' "How did you guess?" I shrugged. 'You're like an open book,' He smiled. About a week after leaving the hospital, I actually resisted the urge to throw the ring in the toilet. I just threaded it through a piece of string and wore it like that. I gave Percy the string and ring. He smiled. "Thankyou. Don't think you aren't coming to the wedding, Nico." I shook my head. Bad idea. Very bad idea. 'No. That would be so awkward.' "Annabeth wants to meet you," 'Not on her goddamn wedding day, idiot' He chuckled and shrugged. "Nico... I know that after every good relationship they're always like 'let's stay friends' but I actually do want to. If that's okay." I shrug. 'Yeah... okay,' "It's not like I want to pretend we didn't date, I mean I saw your privates on more than one occasion," I felt a blush come on and he chuckled. "But... I don't know how to word it right," 'Let's pretend we were just friends that whole time. Extremely close friends?' "No... I just..." 'We dated Percy. We went through the motions." "Yeah..." 'And you were my first love,' "Mine too..." Percy said softly, brushing back hair away from his face. 'So let's just keep it at that. Do you want to love Annabeth forever?' He nodded. 'I am your first love, but she's your last, okay?' He smiles. I nod. 'Tell her that. Okay?' He nods. Will comes back five minutes later to find us arguing about the best gods in Greek mythology. "Will. Poseidon or Hades?" "Oh come on guys, Apollo is obviously the best," I snort and shake my head, Percy frowns. "No way," He says. Later on, I tell Will what happened, and he smiles. I tell him I'm completely over Percy. He smiles and nods. The next week rolls by, and it has been reduced to a small scatter of snow. It's two weeks before Christmas. Will knocks on my door, quite insistently. I open it without thinking, which means only in black pants and no shirt. He gets all flustered at me, and I roll my eyes, putting a thin black shirt on. "Nico. I really, really need to tell you something but I'm afraid it'll ruin our awesome friendship you know? And I had this whole speech planned where I did a funny dance at the beginning, and I never realized that confessing my love to you would be so difficult and I just ruined it now ohmygods I need to take a breath," He breathes in deeply and I watch him. I can see my neighbours across the hall from me peeping outside to see the commotion. "Can I restart that?" I shake my head. I open my mouth to speak, and when no words come out, I am mentally hitting myself. Why can I not speak?! "Hey, hey. Why are you crying? Was it really that bad?" I shake my head and reach up to wipe my eyes, but Will is already there, using his fingers to wipe my eyes. I put my head on his chest and he wraps his arms around me, one hand on the small of my back, the other on my head. I pull back and reach into my pocket for my phone. 'I'm sad, because I can't tell you that I love you too,' Will smiles slightly and places my phone on a table near the door. He holds my face in his hands (which are warm) and we kiss. It's beautiful. He holds my face and I put my hands on his chest, scrunching up the fabric of his jacket. He tastes like my tears and ice (I don't know how to describe that) and as well as that, he tastes suspiciously like pineapple. When we pull apart, I wrap my arms around him and bury my head into his shoulder. I catch a glimpse of a dark skinned girl down the hall, and she's staring at us, but then she spins around and leaves. I pull away to kiss Will again, and again. Chaste kisses that make him smile. I pull him into my apartment when I realize he's only wearing a hoodie and jeans, and a grey beanie. I pull his beanie and hoodie off and set them near the heater. They are wet from the snow. Will kicks off his boots and stretches. We sit on the couch and play video games all night, exchanging kisses every ten seconds. It's amazing. Wonderful. I can't get Will out of my head. Edit: Just went over it quickly for mistakes and whatnot, there could be more though haha :) Next chapter will be out later today or tomorrow :)