life. He pulls away from their kiss to get another good look at her, but quickly pulls her into another one when he thinks she's going to say something. Maybe it's just a fun, harmless night of goofy meaningless sex for Piper, but it isn't for Percy. He's been thinking about this night for months, maybe even years, and now it's actually a reality, and he'll be damned if he needs Piper to tell him how to fuck her. With a new found vigor, Percy starts canting his hips harder, fucking Piper as hard and fast as he can, determined to get her screaming his name. Soon he's fucking her so hard her headboard is slamming against the wall with each thrust and before he knows what's happening, Percy feels Piper's pussy tighten around his cock, desperately trying to trap it inside of her as an orgasm suddenly washes over her. "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck, Percy!" Piper cries out, pulling away from their sloppy kiss to spasm underneath his body. Her legs lock around his waist, but it doesn't stop Percy from fucking her through it, his thrusts just getting slipperier as Piper's juices flow out of her and coat his cock. "P-Percy, oh god, don't, don't stop, holy fuck." Piper's pussy feels even more amazing around his cock while it's cumming, the tight warmth gripping him harder and throbbing around his length gloriously. He wants more than anything to last long enough to get a second orgasm out of Piper so they can really cum together, but he knows he doesn't stand a chance, and before he can even try to fight it off, he feels his balls starting to tighten again, signalling his own peak is near. "I'm gonna cum," he chokes out, feeling like he needs to warn her in case she has second thoughts about what she said earlier. But Piper most definitely doesn't, as she just tightens her hold around him to make sure he stays in place and moans in his ear, "Fill me up, Percy. I want your cum inside me so bad, baby." "Oh god, P-Piper, " Percy groans, getting one more thrust in before he buries his cock deep and dumps his load inside Piper, his warm cum spilling from his tip in an endless stream and filling her throbbing pussy up. His arms wobble, threatening to give under his weight as he continues to empty himself into the girl beneath him, his hard cock pulsating with each spurt of cum he lets off. Piper's on cloud nine as that old familiar warmth floods her insides, the distinct feeling of a pussy full of warm cum making her skin tingle. It's just been so so long since she's had a nice hot load in her pussy, and there's really nothing like it in the world. She pouts when she feels the steady stream finally stop, and clings to Percy when he starts to pull out of her. "No, not yet," she whines, holding him in place as she nuzzles his cheek with the bridge of her nose. "Stay inside me for a bit and cuddle." She doesn't have to tell Percy twice, and he swiftly rolls them over so that she's laying on top of him, not wanting to crush her smaller body with his. Once she's settled and he's sure his cock is gonna stay snuggly inside her, he can't help but ask, "So, was I good?" Piper grins against his chest, blowing a raspberry into his skin before she tilts her head back to look at him with a friendly smile. "I taught you well, grasshopper," she jokes, giving him a wink. "You're gonna make some girl very happy one day, Percy Jackson." His heart drops at her words, but he reminds himself that he expected this. He knew what he was getting into when he agreed to this night, she made her intentions perfectly clear, and it wouldn't be fair to get mad at her for it now. "Yeah," he agrees softly, taking a moment to gain his barring before he's able to grin back at her and play along. "But I mean, it can't hurt to practice some more, though, right?" "Totally," Piper smirks knowingly, squeezing Percy's cock inside her for emphasis. "It's like Chiron always says, practice makes perfect." Slowly pushing herself off Percy's chest, Piper sits straddling his dick, beaming down at him with a mischievous smile. "Besides, I think I promised you that you could eat me out all night long and I've just been dying to sit on your face." Percy's eyes widen a bit, but before he has much of a chance to say anything, Piper's dismounting his cock and moving to straddle his face, her cum filled pussy hovering over his mouth and waiting for him. He's not really sure if this normal at all, but he's completely sure he'd do just about anything Piper asks of him, so he throws caution to the wind and pulls her thighs down, latching his lips onto her hole and licking through the creamy mess he left in there. Their combined cum tastes surprisingly good together, and Percy eagerly laps it up, finally getting to dip his tongue inside Piper's hole and licking her clean, not stopping his ministrations until she's riding his face to her third orgasm of the night, gushing even more into his mouth. After she comes down from her orgasm, Piper stays straddling his face, just turns her body around so she can take Percy's cum slicked cock into her own mouth to clean him off as he continues to lick her pussy, before she dismounts him entirely and starts giving him pointers on how to fuck her doggy style and then talks him through the best ways to prep a girl for anal. Her lessons continue well into the night, and then into the next day, and by the time their done Percy is a sex expert.