around and we noticed everyone's eyes on us, and the one coughing was Percy's friends. "Um, Percy? Care to introduce us to your..um… friend?" a boy w/brown hair and blue eyes asked(the one who looked confused) said, while the other guys snickered. "Oh yeah, sure!"Percy said "Um, Annabeth, this is Mark" Percy said gesturing to the said guy. "This is Zach" he said gesturing to a dirty blonde with brown eyes(one of the guys who smirked at me earlier) "This is Alex" he said gesturing to a brown haired guy with blonde highlights, and black eyes.(the one who winked at me) "And lastly this is Max" he said, gesturing to a guy with black and blue eyes (the other guy who was smirking) "Guys, this is Annabeth, my girlfriend."Percy said looking at me with a smile. The moment he said 'girlfriend', girls who were squealing were sobbing, girls who were giggling were glaring, people who were whispering either gasped or shouting words like 'I knew it' 'I told you so' 'AHA' 'PPHHH' 'why' 'NO', boys who were whistling were either glaring or smirking, people who just watch with amazement were jaw dropped, and lastly the moment he said 'girlfriend' my stomach fluttered and my cheeks flushed. I felt someone tapping my shoulder. I turned around and saw Macy. Oh. My. Gods. I completely forgot her. "Oh Macy. I'm so sorry. I forgot. Oh, uh Percy." I tapped Percy's shoulder and he turned to me." Percy this is Macy. Macy, Percy" I introduced them. "Hi, I'm Percy Jackson."Percy said holding his hand out to her with a sweet welcoming smile. "Hey. Macy Garfield. And I know who you are." Macy said shaking his hand with a shy smile. Then she turned to me "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt, but can we go now. I'm really hungry."she said with an apologetic smile. I blushed then smiled, but I frowned inside. I really didn't want to leave Percy. But I know I can't leave Macy. I sighed. "Um, sure" I said. Macy smiled but Percy tugged my hand and gave a disapproving look."Percy I'm gonna go, I'll see you later?" "No, no, no" he said/whined while shaking his head. I gave him a look that said 'well what do you suppose we do?'. He smiled. "We're going there. Right guys?" he said menacingly to his friends. They shrugged. Then Percy turned to me."We're going" "Let's go" I said with a smile. -LINE BREAK- We walked in the cafeteria and immediately all eyes were on us. Weird. Macy dragged me to a line and ordered our lunch, leaving Percy. "Hey, why'd you do that?" I asked Macy. "I'm sorry, I just don't appreciate stares. Sorry." She said. "S'okay" I said while smiling down at her since I was an inch taller. "Hey, I want to show you to my friends, if you want, of course, I wouldn't pull you in to it if you don't. I mean-" she said but before she can finish I cut her off. "I'd love to" I said with a smile. She gave one back. Then she turned her head around and waved to a table behind. "c'mon"she said then she walked towards a table behind me. I hesitated because I wanna be with Percy. But I still can't leave Macy after all she did, right? I searched for Percy and spotted him with his friends at the table in the middle of the cafeteria. "Annabeth? You comn'?" Macy asked behind me. Well seaweed brain seems to have a good time . Percy was smiling and laughing with his friends and occasionally some girls wearing very tight clothing drop by him and say 'hi' and 'hey' s w/ a flirty accent. I could feel my blood boil. But I know he's very loyal. Just like Macy said. "Annabeth?" Macy called/asked out to me. I said and turned my heal to face her. "Coming!" I said then walked towards their table. When I got there I was greeted with 'hey's' and 'hi's'. and then Macy introduced us in less than a minuite. She introduced me to Jamie Cota (a girl with black hair and deep dark brown eyes, who is interested in arts and was an aqquantance with Rachel when she was still at Goode) "Hey welcome to Goode." She said with a comforting smle. 'This is her brother, Jay Cota' Macy said gesturing to a guy with black hair and red strikes, and blue eyes. "Sup'" he nodded. Then Macy introduced me to Zed. A guy who, I guess was a big flirt, because he stood up, took my hand, bowed and kissed it. "Why, what is a beautiful lady like you doing in a place like this?" he said He has brown curly hair and hazel eyes, he was a bit short, and he has light brown skin. He kinda reminds me of Leo. Everyone snickered. Everyone at our table , I mean. Then Macy introduced me to a guy named Kyle Tristan. (he has blondish brown hair crystal blue eyes.) They said Kyle was actually the most popular guy. Then Percy came and all went down hill form there. And Percy and Kyle were rivals ever since. But I don't think we can't be friends, right? "Hi, I'm Kyle" Kyle said standing up to shake my hand with a smiling face. "Annabeth" I said, smiling. He winked at me and my smiling face went to a shock one, he smirked at that. "Ooohh, Kyle got a point. How about you said Zed? Z-E-R-O" I heard Jamie not-so-whisper to Zed. "Well" Kyle said to me, gesturing to a chair across from him, next to Macy and an empty seat. I sat down and smiled at him. He winked again. And my smiled turned to a frown. And then Percy came and sat down at the empty seat next to me andput an arm around me protectively. "Hey, wise girl" he said glaring at Kyle and Zed.