I mean is . . ." Jason scratched the back of his neck again. "If you could just . . . it's making me kind of . . . horny, you know. Thinking of watching you . . . you know, do it again." "Oh!" Percy looked at him, then swiped his hand across his forehead. Jason really had got it all over. Then he brought his fingers to his mouth. The cum was sort of dry, but that was dirty too. Then Percy thought about how Jason liked watching him eat cum, and how filthy that was. It made Percy so hot, he had to close his eyes to savor the taste of it. "You really like it," Jason breathed. "I like that me tasting your cum gets you hot," Percy said. Jason made a low, tight sound. "God, Percy. Keep eating it. Get it all. Get all that spunk off your face. You're so dirty ." "Yeah," Percy said, starting to get hard again. He hadn't even cum the first time, and his cock had finally softened back up all the way when Jason had laughed at him, but now, hearing Jason say those things and tasting the filthy taste of cum in his mouth again, he was getting hard. "I'm really dirty. Love the taste of your cum." "You want more?" Jason wrapped his hand around his growing cock. "Yeah," Percy said again. "I need more. Get it all over my face, Jason. Get it all over me." "Gonna have to be patient," Jason said. "First this is going in your mouth." Percy moaned. Most of the cum was gone from his face—as far as he could tell, anyway, and now he really wanted that cock Jason was promising; he wanted it in his mouth, filling it up all over again. "You want it, don't you." Jason was catching on. "You want this nice, thick cock in your mouth, don't you?" Percy reached out for it, but Jason clasped his wrists together, and held them away. "You just can't wait to get it in you, can you Percy, you little slut. God, who knew you were such a greedy little cocksucker? Can't even go five minutes without a fat cock in your mouth." In lieu of the cock, Percy scraped the rest of the cum from his face, and began sucking on his finger. He needed something in his mouth; he needed Jason's wonderfully full, hard cock shoved right in his mouth; he needed— "Look at you." Jason was slowly stroking his cock now. "You want it so bad, maybe I'll just . . . tease . . ." Then he was straddling Percy's neck again. Percy took out his finger, opening his mouth hungrily to take the cock, but Jason did exactly what he'd promised: he teased. Instead of shoving in the beautifully big, hard cock of his, he stroked it beside Percy's mouth. He dragged the tip of it up Percy's face, painting his forehead with leaking fluid. Then the cock was dragging over his eyes, so Percy had to close them, and Percy couldn't believe it—what he must look like. He had cock in his eyes. He must look like such a wonderfully, horribly dirty slut, lying there with this big cock leaking all over his face, leaving a wet little trail of dirty wanton desire. He must look practically rotten with lust—debauched, that was the word, as though he wasn't worthy of anything but getting cock dragged all over him. It was perfect, Percy loved it, except that he wanted—he needed that cock in his mouth. He needed to learn how to work it deep down within his throat; he needed to swallow around it until he was gagging, until his breath and life were nothing, nothing but his best friend's big, long, beautiful cock. "Say you want it," Jason said. Percy moaned. "Say you want it." Percy turned his head, trying to trap the cock with his open mouth, but Jason pulled away. Percy was too wrecked to say he wanted it; he was nothing but just a mindless slut for it; he couldn't even talk—couldn't Jason see that, that he was nothing but like, a desperate, started slut, couldn't even talk, that's how desperate it was for cock— "Say you want it," Jason said, "or you're not getting it." "I want it," Percy said immediately. "What do you want?" Jason's cock was waving in Percy's face, but he knew he couldn't have it, knew the treat wasn't his, not until he said. "Cock," Percy said. "I want cock." "Yeah, Percy," Jason said. "But what kind of cock?" "Yours," Percy said. "I need a big, thick cock, like yours." "And what do you want this big thick cock to do, Percy?" Jason was lazily jacking in his face, now, and Percy was watching avidly, tracking hungrily with his eyes. "I want it to go in my mouth. I want my lips all stretched around it, and it keeps stuffing itself in there, and I have to keep opening my mouth wider and wider. And I have to try and relax my throat, because I want it to keep fucking deeper and deeper inside me. I want it so far down inside me, like—like it owns me." "You want to be owned by cock. You're a depraved little slut. You know that, right?" "Yes," Percy burbled happily. "I know that. I know that—I want it, Jason. I want to be a slut so, so bad." "Okay, Percy," Jason said, and made him one. "Open that sweet little mouth of yours." Percy opened his sweet mouth, and Jason pushed inside as though it was exactly where his cock belonged. Percy at last felt like he could breathe easy, even though he had to do it through his nose. Jason was fucking him, fucking his face, and he finally understood how wonderful everything could be. Percy could not have asked for a better best friend.