huffs, grabbing her coat and stalking towards the door. "Have fun with that conversation." Percy's not surprised to find Annabeth waiting outside his dorm room when he comes home, it's hardly a rare occurrence at all, but the look on her face does cause him to double take. "Uh, hey," he greets hesitantly, awkwardly trying to move around her to stick his key in the door. "What's with the face?" Annabeth ignores his question and follows him into the room once he gets the door open. "How was your date ?" "My what?" Percy drops his bag on the floor and sits down on the edge of his bed, slipping his shoes off as Annabeth paces in front of him. "Look, I don't care if or who you wanna date," Annabeth starts and the tone of her voices makes it's obvious that she actually cares very much. "But if you're gonna go and start fucking some bitch, the least you could do is tell me. I thought we already establish that I have the right to know where your dick has been." "Hey, slow down," he replies, reaching out and stopping her in her tracks. He grips her waist and tugs her towards him until she's standing between his legs. Annabeth stares down at him expectantly, arms still crossed around her chest, not at all calmed down by the way he's squeezing her hips. "First, I already told you, you are the only place my dick's been, alright? And second, I wasn't on a date, I'm not dating anyone." Annabeth huffs and tries to move out of Percy's hold, but he doesn't let her go. "Don't lie to me, Jackson. The Blonde Twins already sold you out." Percy lets out a laugh as he realizes what happened. "I wasn't on a date ," he repeats, continuing before Annabeth can snap again. "I wasn't. I was with a girl from my Sociology class, working on this huge project we have due before Christmas break." "But Piper and Jason said..." "Piper and Jason have just been teasing me about spending so much time with her," Percy explains, risking a smack when he pulls Annabeth into his lap. "Piper says she can tell I've been getting some and when I started hanging out with her so much for the project, they assumed it was from her. But I'm not, it's just about class. I promise." Annabeth's quiet for a moment, her cheeks burning in embarrassment for acting like a jealous girlfriend over this nerd. She probably would have known this if she ever even attempted to listen to anything Percy said ever. Instead of apologizing or acknowledging she was acting irrational, Annabeth just kisses him, pushes him back onto the bed and straddles him. Percy wants to push the issue, but he also wants to get laid, so instead of calling her out on her obvious jealousy, he lets her do her thing, helping her get his pants off and sighing when Annabeth takes his cock into her warm mouth. It's sloppy and fast, Annabeth's mouth making wet sucking sounds as she deep throats Percy's cock, one hand stroking the base where her lips can't reach while the other plays with his balls. It's obvious the purpose of the blowjob is just to get him hard as fast as possible and not really about getting him off, but Percy's not about to complain. Annabeth's talented mouth gets the job done in no time at all, and without even taking her clothes off, Annabeth just hikes up her tight dress and pushes her panties to the side and sinks down on Percy's dick, biting her lip as she's swiftly stretched and filled. Percy lets her have control for a bit, waiting until she's ridden him to her first orgasm before he abruptly flips them over and starts fucking her into the bed. As much as she loves to act like a bossy bitch, Percy knows Annabeth loves it even more when he takes control and really pounds her hard, and he can't say he hates it either. There's just something about topping someone like Annabeth that gets him off. He hooks his arms under her knees and bends her body so he can fuck her deeper, watching the way her face twists up in pleasure each time he thrusts in deep. Percy fucks her until she comes a second time, barely waiting for her orgasm to pass before he pulls out and flips her over onto her stomach to fuck her from behind. Percy gets another orgasm out of Annabeth before he comes himself, face buried in the back her neck as he pumps his warm cum into her tightening pussy. They tremble and vibrate and pant, and once Percy's sure he's emptied the last of his load into Annabeth, he rolls off her and onto the bed beside her, trying to catch his breath. His arm is still tucked under Annabeth's chest and it's about the closet to cuddling Annabeth is willing to get. "Can I ask you something?" Percy wonders a few minutes later, after his heart has started to beat at a normal rate again. When Annabeth doesn't stop him, he lulls his head to the side to look at her. "I'm confused." "That's not a question," Annabeth points out, though not unkindly. She's even smiling just a little bit. Percy swallows before speaking. "I just... So you don't want to date me?" he clarifies, and Annabeth nods slightly. "But you don't want anyone else to date me either?" Annabeth hesitates for a moment before answering. "Yeah," she finally says, really lowly. She knows she's being unreasonable and unfair, but she is who she is. "Okay," Percy says simply, accepting her answer without question. For Annabeth, he knows that's a lot. "Seriously?" Annabeth wonders, feeling like she just really opened herself up there. She was like, totally honest with him and everything. Percy shrugs. "That's all you're gonna say?" "For now"