the other side as he held himself with his ass pressed backwards. He gasped and panted as the water rippled underneath them from the dripping juices of their bodies. Percy let out a roaring growl as with one savage thrust he buried every inch into Nico, burying himself balls deep in his tight ass. Nico let out a loud cry as his insides bulged beyond their normal capabilities, but also groaned in pleasure as he felt that huge, delicious cock stimulate every part of his passage. "Mmm, fuck yeah" Percy growled as he ground his hips against the muscular ass of his lover. Nico moaned as that one special spot buried inside him sent crackles of electricity through him, stimulated by that huge cock was buried inside of him. With his huge balls resting between Nico's thighs, Percy continued to grind his crotch against his boy's ass, feeling every contraction from the boys insides as they were stimulated from his huge length. Nico panted as he felt Percy resume his hard thrusting into him, feeling his ass contract and expand as he pulled out only a few inches then slammed them back in. His own cock, ignored this whole time, slapped and slammed against the hot side of the tub, his balls being slapped by the Percy's nuts with every thrust inwards. Above him, Percy continued, his huge grunting body drenched in sweat continued to move as he kept up his hard thrusting. He closed his eyes and tilted his head back as he continued to pound into Nico's ass, drilling the huge cock deep inside that tight orifice. "Percy, seed me" Nico cried out as his mind fogged over and his desires peaked inside him. Once again he lost himself to the lust that had built up and his body desired for Percy to finish what he started. "Take it" Percy growled as he emptied his balls deep into the boy, his orgasm reaching its peak as he slammed every inch into the boy's tight ass. A huge flood of cum erupted from his balls and swirled around in the boy's tight rear. Nico cried out as the hot seed flooded his insides, expanding his stomach even more as the torrent of liquid heat filled his insides. He gasped as he felt his loins tingle with his own approaching orgasm. With a cry against the water underneath him, Nico felt his cock throb with the pulsing of his orgasm as he erupted against the side of the tub. The constant stimulation to his insides and the liquid heat inside him cause him to erupt hands free. It wasn't the first time it had happened, and it wouldn't be the last either. Percy let out a roaring cry as he felt the boy's ass constrict around his cock almost milking him dry as he flooded Nico's insides. He could almost hear the thick load of cum slosh and work its way through Nico's ass as he filled him. With a growl he ground his cock against the boy's muscular ass, several spurts of his seed squirting around the length that stretched his hole wide open and began to dribble down his legs as Percy slowly pulled out. "Oh, good boy" Percy growled as he felt the boy's ass contract, still trying to pull the huge cock back into him as the boy moaned in a drunken state of pleasure. Nico felt his body quiver and tremble as the huge cock was pulled from his backside and left him with a deep sense of emptiness. He could feel a thick river of the older boy's seed run down the back of his legs. "Percy..." Nico moaned out as his body trembled, arms growing weak as he almost slipped into the water. He felt Percys huge hands slide under his chest and pull him upwards, letting his boy go limp against his large, sweaty muscles. "Thank you Percy" Nico said with a smile up at the older boy, feeling the river of cum reach his ankles by now as his body started to regain some of its energy, enough to let him stand by himself. "Your welcome" Percy responded in a soft voice. "We should stop this Nico. It's getting too dangerous. If anyone discovered us, they would tell Annabeth, and she would kill me. And everyone would know that you were gay. This just won't work for much longer." Percy said in a resigned tone. "No! I can't stop, it feels too good'" Nico frantically said. "I'm sorry, but if you don't put an end to this then I will. This needs to end, the risks are too high, especially for Percy and her family, who don't even get a choice in the matter." Percy replied firmly. "Just one more time! Please! This can't be the end! Nico cried out. Percy obviously was arguing with himself, weighing the rewards of having such huge pleasure against the risks of being caught. If he were wise, the answer would be obvious, but Percy was a teenage boy, and there is a reason they have the reputation of being horny idiots who don't think about the consequences. Needless to say, Percy gave in and granted Nico's request, on the condition that the next time be truly the last. Comforted, Nico decided to extend Percy some hospitality. "Do you want to stay for dinner?" "No, Annabeth will be missing me," Percy replied gruffly, promptly walking out the door. After that, Nico went to bed, and as he lay alone in the dark room Nico thought. Why couldn't I bear the thought of this being the last time? It is not as if there aren't other ways to get some pleasure, especially when you're a victor. So what is it about Percy that makes him so special? As Nico thought, he suddenly came to a horrific realization. He suddenly realized why he couldn't do it. And the very thought terrified him. "I think I love him"