and ripped the charm off of my necklace and in his hands a sword appeared. It had a black hilt and was wrapped in leather. The blade itself was bronze and had an inscription written in Greek on it. It read: λήθη which I could read somehow. The words seemed to move around and change to English and it read: Oblivion. He handed me the sword and a shiver immediately ran down my spine. He then turned around and started to walk away. "Make me want to call you my son." He snarled. Thomas approached me and pointed his sword in my face. "You should have died in that explosion, but it seems that I'm going to have to do this the hard way." He said. I raised oblivion and charged Thomas. I slashed at his arm but he side stepped and hit me with the flat of his blade. I stumbled back a bit and charged again. I feigned an attack to the left and slashed his right arm causing him to start to bleed. He grasped his arm and I took my chance to strike again. He was ready for it though, he blocked my attack and disarmed me sending my sword flying through the air and landing ten feet behind me. He went for the finishing blow and I moved out of the way at the last second, though the blade did cut my arm open. I cringed at the pain and fell over. "Stand up and fight." He spat. I looked over at my father who was doing nothing to help me watch the fight and got angry. My body started to feel strange. A glowing red aura was surrounding my body. I stood up and I no longer felt pain in my arm but immense strength. Thomas attacked again but I was faster. I ducked under his sword and punched him in the gut. He doubled over and I took this opportunity to kick his sword out of his hand. Thomas tried to get back up but I kicked him in the face, knocking him to the ground. I jumped on him and started to unleash hell on his face. I kept punching him in the face until you could no longer recognize him. Somehow he got a burst of energy and pushed me off of him. He got up and started to kick my side with such force I could feel a couple of ribs crack. He tried to kick me again but I grabbed his other foot and pulled it out from under him sending him crashing to the ground. I rolled over coughing up blood. I noticed my sword was within reach but I didn't want to Thomas to know so I tried to get up and felt an immense amount of pain in my side. Definitely cracked some ribs. I thought to myself as I finally stood up. There was some glass on the ground next to Thomas. I guess some of the debris must have made it all the way over here. I thought. I got on top of him and grabbed a piece of grass and slit both of his wrists to make him suffer some more. "This is for my little brother." I said as I jammed a piece of glass into his side. "Please show me some mercy Eric and forgive me. I was just doing what I was told." He pleaded. "I don't care if you acted on your own or by some psychopath's orders. You killed the only family I have. That is something I can never forgive." I spat. I got off of him and took a step back looking at Thomas almost feeling guilty. No! He killed your family. Are you going to let him off the hook that easily?" I thought to myself. "Get up Thomas and fight or do you want to give up?" I asked with anger. "I do want to give up. Please let me live." He pleaded trying to stand up. I walked over to my sword and picked it up. I noticed that Thomas was having some trouble getting up so I walked over to him and helped him up. "Thank you for your forgiveness Eric." He said with gratitude. "I didn't say I was going to forgive you Thomas." I said as I ran my sword through his stomach. He fell to the ground writhing in pain. "That was for my mother." I said taking a step back. The Red aura around my body was gone and it felt like I just got hit by a bus or something. My whole body felt like it was on fire. I could barely stand but I managed to keep my composure. "This won't be the end Eric; there is something much larger at work here." He said as he coughed up some blood. "My master will do anything he can to stop you from fulfilling that prophecy." He said. "What prophecy are you talking about?" I asked. "What prophecy are you talking about?" I asked as I shook Thomas. My father walked over to me and put his hand on my shoulder. "It's no use he is gone Eric." My father said. "Do you know what prophecy he was talking about? I asked my father. "I do but it is neither the time nor the place for you to find out." He replied getting agitated. "What is there to hide, it can't be that bad." I asked. "Don't ask me about it again, you will find out when it is time." He growled. He got on his bike and disappeared. "What the hell was that about" I said out loud. I walked back to the remains of my house and the pain was getting to be too much. I fell to my knees gasping for air. My vision was going black and the only thing I can remember before blacking out was two people running over to me.