the kitchen just in time to see Luke stumble down the stairs. He's seventeen, two years older than me, with messy blonde hair and gray eyes, like Mom. Reyna likes him and thinks he's soooo dreamy, but I have no idea what she sees in him. Besides, he's two years older than her, too, and I think she should find someone else. As a brother, he's not too bad and pretty cool. He's thoughtful and considerate, and he really, really likes Emily. This is another reason why I advised Reyna to back off. She doesn't know about Emily and I'd rather keep it that way. I glanced at the clock. It was almost noon. "Good morning, sleepyhead," I said, putting my plate in the dishwasher. "You're the one who's the sleepyhead," he retorted. "I woke up at seven this morning." It didn't look that way. I took in his messy hair, tired eyes, and pajamas. It seemed like he'd just gotten out of bed. He must've seen my skeptical look because he sat down and took some time to explain. "What I meant is that I got up at eight, did something, then went back to sleep." "And what was that 'something' that you did?" I asked curiously. "None of your business," he said coldly, turning away. Suddenly, I noticed his puffy red eyes. How could I have missed that earlier? Then he sniffed a little. I was amazed. My brother, the big, tough guy that everyone in our family admired, had been crying. I sat down next to him. "Okay, spill. What's wrong?" "Well," he began carefully, "I asked Emily out." Major alarm bells went off in my brain. "So . . . ?" "So she rejected me," he said glumly. "In favor of . . . ?" "I don't know, and I don't want to know, and I don't care!" he said harshly. "It's okay, Luke," I said, in an attempt to comfort him. "There are plenty of other nice, sweet, pretty girls out there." "I don't want just any nice, sweet, pretty girl," he grumbled. "I want Emily." "Well, we always want what we can't have," I said, shrugging. "Yeah?" he snapped. "Like you want Trevor and can't have him?" I looked at him in surprise. The only people I'd told were Reyna and Gwen. How had my brother found out? "Yes, I know about that," he continued. "And from what I hear, your love life isn't going so well either. When's the last time you've talked to him? Two, three months ago?" My face burned. "This is not about me," I shot back. "This is about you and your pathetic love life." "My love life is not pathetic, missy. And it's getting a hell of a lot further than yours is." I could not believe my brother was acting this way. He'd never been like this before. I stood up angrily. "Really?" I said mockingly. "Getting rejected by a girl is having a good love life?" "No, but at least I had the courage to try. You've been staring at Trevor for what, ten years now, you're still not doing anything." "Because I don't want to get turned down by the guy of my dreams, like you did." "So you're too scared to try, then, huh?" "You know what, Luke? I don't want to deal with all of your love life crap. It's not my fault you got denied by Emily." Just then, Charlie came in. He was eleven, four years younger than me and dressed in a red T-shirt and jeans. His black hair was combed neatly, as usual, and his gray eyes sparkled with curiosity. "What's going on?" he said, looking first at me, then at Luke. I was standing up, staring daggers at Luke. Luke's fists were clenched and his eyes were still red and puffy. "Luke got dumped," I said casually. "I did not get dumped , idiot!" Luke shouted, standing up so he could be eye level with me. "Dumped, rejected, what's the difference?" I shrugged. "Besides, dumped is probably better, because at least you got a sliver of a chance with the girl, and not none at all, like you." "Why you little—!" "Stop, guys," Charlie interrupted, holding up his hands. "He right. I'm leaving. It isn't worth the trouble talking to you." I sneered at Luke when Charlie wasn't looking and he shot me a look of hatred in return. I walked upstairs and texted Sammy. Me: u busy? Sammy replied almost immediately. Sammy: no, why? Me: got in a big fight with Luke. Can I come over? Sammy: sure Me: b there in ten minutes Sammy: ok Me: one last thing Sammy: what? Me: is Trevor at home now? Sammy: yes. Why? Me: no reason. See u Since Sammy had said that Trevor was going to be there, I decided that I wanted to look good. I wanted a cool and fashionable look, but not a look that gave away the fact that I wanted to look cool and fashionable. I dug through my closet and finally decided on short white jeans, a faded loose tie-dyed shirt, and a casual pair of black sandals. Then I went downstairs. Luke was in the dining room, eating breakfast. His back was faced towards me and I was tempted to startle him a sharp remark about how he couldn't a girlfriend. Charlie was nowhere to be seen. He was probably off playing with his friends. I exited the house and slammed the door on the way out. Then I went into the garage to get my bike. It was a couple years old, but because I washed it frequently, it still looked fairly new. It was blue and white and I rode it at least once a week. I wheeled it out of the garage, put on my helmet (also blue and white), and hopped on. Then I headed over to Sammy's house. Hope you enjoyed the first chapter! Please review!