some new campers, is that true?" I was astounded to see it I ran until I was close enough for him to see me "I am sir, me and my siblings are the new campers". He looked at me and said "Welcome, I'm sure Annabeth has already given you a tour." My sister stood next to me in awestruck "Yes, shes really nice and helpful." she got closer to the centaur and started to pet him. "My name is Chiron," He said with a kind voice "I am the Activity Director here and if you need any advice I'll be here." I couldn't believe it the trainer of all the greatest heros "I-I thought you had died giving up your immortality?" Joslin continued petting Chirons flank "The ones that read those stories are always the ones that make that mistake." he picked up my sister and placed her on his back "Yes I did give up my immortality and yes I did die, but I was sent to Zeus and he gave me back my immortality as long as there are heros to teach." "So you'll be teaching us how to fight?" Ricky said coming out of his own shock "Our father taught us plenty, that's how we've lasted this long." Chiron chuckled "Yes I'll teach you how to fight but their are other things you must learn than combat." He looked to the sun as it started to set over the horizon "But talking and training will have to wait for tomorrow," he turned around and said "Its time to rest at campfire." The camp cheered and they left to a big pit. The campfire ignited itself and everyone got seated in under their camp banner the flame was yellow and bright, it felt comforting, I didn't know where to sit so I sat on some dark benches where no one sat. I looked at the banner and saw the symbol for Hades I got scared and felt comfortable, my siblings came by and sat next to me, the camp sang campfire songs, but none that we've ever heard. "I think we could get used to a life like this." Ricky said as he stretched "Ya, apparently we're gonna play capture the flag tomorrow!" Joslin said as she started to get sleepy. "Maybe here we can start over and look at the now." I said I got up and went to talk to Annebeth for a favour, after telling her the favour she had no problems with it and I walked back to my sister. "Come on Joslin it time for you to go to bed." She didn't object and followed me "Where will I be sleeping at?" We got to a cabin with a dove symbol on it and i stopped "Here is where you'll be sleeping until they know who your parent is." She was speechless "Yes I know how much you like the tales of Aphrodites more, than the other gods so here you go." she gave me a rib crushing hug "Thank you Anthony." she walked inside where some campers were there to greet her. I walked around my eyes got well adjusted to the dark so I was able to see everything as well as if it was daytime 'They deserve some peace after the hell they've been through.' I walked to Apollo's cabin. Once inside I saw medical instruments, Ambrosia and Nectar scattered everywhere "Cabin Leader are you in here?" I asked and got the response "Ya, I'll be there in a second!" Out of nowhere a kid Manuel's age jumped down and he looked at me I noticed his Athletic build and his blonde hair "Yes, I need to speak to a doctor about a discreet injury." He turned to his instruments and chuckled "Sure I can help now how embarrassing is this injury?" He turned to me with ambrosia in one hand "Speaking of injuries didn't I just heal you this afternoon?" I blushed I knew this was gonna be an embarrassing situation but I needed to check on it. "Yes, you did but I just need you to check if I still have this 'Injury'." I said with finger quotations "Sure I can do that to." He grabbed my hands and I grew even more flustered, I calmed myself and looked at his face. My illness must still be there from the look on his face, how it grew more sad and concerned the longer he held on "Is it that bad?" He came back to reality but he didn't let go of my hands "How do you move around in your condition?" I was wondering it myself "Its nothing a little ambrosia and nectar can't fix, right?" He shook his head and got up "Nothing I have can fix that, maybe if we ask for the Fleece..." I grabbed his wrist and squeezed as hard as I could. I stared into his eyes "No one will know about this, Doctor-Patient confidentiality, of course." I let go of his hands and he started to rub his wrist "If you can't fix it I'll just have to deal with it like I've always had." "Wait!" he shouted and ran through his supplies and handed me a medium sized bag "Here you'll need this," I looked through it and saw an ample supply of ambrosia and nectar. "It won't heal you, but it'll keep you standing a lot longer and looking healthier." I closed the bag "Thank you… um" I couldn't believe I didn't know his name though he healed me twice "Will… Will Solace" "You're a mysterious person you know," he said "I like that." I felt flustered again and walked out to Hermes Cabin 'I can wait to see what tomorrow has in store for us.' That's it for now this is apart of my new stories I'm writing so keep an eye out for more like them. I'd like some feedback on this story and my other ones to...