gave it a look around, the skulls unnerved him and the bowl of chicken's blood made him think twice about helping Nico out. The son of death looked unfazed, as if it was all normal. Leo wondered if he and his father took trips to Hot Topic very often. They came into a room with two thrones and a dining room chair across from the Throne of Bones. A small table sat between them with a chess board on it. Leo could see it now. Hades and Nico would be discussing sales at Hot Topic while they played chess. Next to Hades, Persephone would be flipping through a Better Homes and Gardens magazine while rolling her eyes to see how expensive Miracle-Gro was these days. The other throne, obviously the queens, was made of black flowers and vines. The King and Queen sat in both, talking about expanding. Persephone flipped her black hair over her shoulder. "Hades, we can't expand anymore. The only place the Underworld isn't beneath is Australia, and they have man-eating gnats. No." "Then we'll just move the Fields of Punishment under there and put barriers up so the gnats can't get my queen." He gently caressed her face with the back of his hand, causing her to blush. "Oh, alright. But if they get in my garden, you're going out there yourself and helping me replant everything." Hades groaned. "Even the apple trees? The last time was terrible." "Especially the apple trees. We'll have to buy all new Miracle-Gro, and oh my Zeus, it's so expensive these days!" "I know I'm the god of riches, but all this soil is making me broke." Nico di Angelo cleared his throat. The two gods turned. Hades raised an amused eyebrow. Persephone frowned. "Um, Father. The son of Hephaestus has returned with Calypso." As on cue, she stepped forward and took Nico's hand, grinning war to ear. Both gods looked stunned. "Well, then, come in..." Hades said, dumbfounded. Nico walked forward, hand in hand with Calypso. Leo followed behind them, watching him carefully. If he tried one thing, he was going to kill him. Nico motioned for Calypso to sit in the chair across the table, but instead she grinned and wrapped her arms around him and squeezed as tightly as she could. Nico's arms were planted firmly at his side. She squealed and began jumping. "Oh Nico I love you!" she said loudly and shrilly. "Thank you thank you thank you! I just love you so much!" Calypso leaned in to peck his cheek when Nico screamed, "FATHER I'M GAY." "I knew it!" Persephone whispered with a grin. Hades tilted his head in confusion. Nico pulled himself from Calypso's grasp and fell at his feet. "Please don't kill us, Father, please please please..." "Okay." Hades shrugged. Nico looked up, confused. He sat back on his calves. "Okay?" he said in a higher octave. "That's it? No yelling? Nothing? I went to all this trouble... For a fugging OKAY." "Don't push your luck," Hades warned. "Sorry. But really? Why such a little reaction?" "We don't believe in the Bible." Nico sat there stunned. Then he stood and looked between them. "Well okay. I'm dating Apollo." He picked up a chess piece and moved it. "Check. Mate. Come on guys." He walked out. Leo and Calypso bowed their heads and left with Nico. Hades slid Persephone a handful of drachmas. "You win this round." On May 30, Leo Valdez and Calypso met the other demigods out for dinner. Percy and Annabeth sat next to Piper and Jason, who had taken off for a week to be here. Hazel, who was still twenty-three like Nico, and Frank, who worked at the animal shelter part time when he wasn't at school, sat by Nico, who seemed awful cheery today. Leo and Calypso came in late, hand in hand. Percy choked on bread and Jason gawked. "Have you found a permanent girl?" he gasped. "Calvin Klein, nice to see you again," Calypso smiled at Percy. "It's, um, Percy. Percy Jackson. Nice to see you too, Calypso." He paled. "How did you get off Og... your island?" "You two know each other?" Annabeth frowned, looking between her husband and the nymph. "Um, remember when we were in the Labyrinth and we had to fight the seal monsters? Telekhines I think? Either way, when I was blasted out, I landed on her island and... We met." He turned to Calypso, his face burning red. "Calypso, this is my wife, Annabeth!" Calypso leaned down and hugged Annabeth, who looked infuriated/jealous/confused at the same time. "Pleasure to meet you. I'm glad that you are his Penelope." "His... Huh?" "Let's take a seat," Leo spoke up. They sat down next to Nico, who looked mighty pleased with themselves. They talked and ate, having one of the better times between them. Reyna came in late, her chocolate hair down and looking like a beautiful woman instead of leader of an army. There was no man on her arm. "I thought you were bringing a date," Hazel said as the waiter brought Reyna a water. The praetor smirked some. "I don't need a man, Hazel. They get in the way of my plans." They talked for another hour, ordering desserts and spending more money than they should. Calypso, who has never had ice cream, was amazed. Jason and Percy agreed on a duel when they got back to Camp Half-Blood. Calypso braided her hair to the side as her and Annabeth talked architecture. When the waiter came with the check, Nico said that he was with Leo. He frowned. "Why am I still buying your food?" he asked. "I did you a favor-" "And I helped you as well!" "But Dad didn't seem to care, so you'll just be buying my food until the end of time." Nico smirked. Leo glared at him before shaking his head and sipping his drink. "Just don't go visiting the Lotus Casino anytime soon."