bothered her much, but it rubbed her in the wrong way. As the Olympians shrunk down to their human forms, her father seemed to notice her obvious discomfort and when he shrunk into his human form he signaled for her to come over. "I'll be right back, Miranda," she muttered to the daughter of Demeter. She made her way to father greeting gods who she passed by. Hermes smiled at her as he talked on his caduceus, acting as a cell phone. Hestia waved at her from her place at the hearth. Artemis was with her father, in deep conversation. She bowed respectfully to her father and aunt. "Lady Artemis, father," she murmured respectfully. Her relationship with her father was a bit awkward. She had only met him once and that was after the Battle of Manhattan a couple summers ago. She had been exhausted and on full healer mode. All she really remembered from their meeting was that he was really bright, literally. He seemed to radiate off a natural light. "I will leave you now," Artemis said noticing her father's desire to speak with her alone. "Bye sis," he shouted. He turned to face her. "Hey, Kayla." "Hi Dad," she said putting her hand on her left elbow. "How are you, Kay?" he asked flashing her a brilliant smile. He had taken on a younger mortal look. He looked around seventeen or eighteen and had an outdoorsy look. His skin had a nice tan and his blonde hair had a windblown look. His blue eyes seemed to smile along with him. "How do you know my nick name?" she asked a bit surprised. "I'm the god of prophecy. I know things," he answered, winking at her. "You're doing well, kid, you and the rest of your siblings." "I don't know what to do, Dad" she sighed. "Will is so stressed. We don't know what we're doing. And the pressure that everyone is putting on us…" He studied her. She could feel his eyes trying to peer into her soul in an attempt to get to know her. "Kayla, you're diligent and hard working," he said after a while. "You need to learn to loosen up. How are things with you and Jake Mason?" She stared at him for a moment. How did he know that she liked Jake Mason? No one knew that except for Will. "Nothing," she replied fighting back the urge to scream. "We're just friends." Her father laughed. "Kay, I'm the god of truth. I know you're lying." He put a hand on her as she fought to keep her composure. "It's alright, Kay. I approve." She didn't know whether to feel relieved or embarrassed. At least she didn't have to worry about her crush being turned into a plant or cursed into speaking in couplets. "Dad, about the Seven…" she trailed off. She knew gods couldn't help directly in their children's affairs. But this had caught them off guard as well. They had admitted that they didn't have any premonitions about this happening. They also admitted that they didn't know how to solve this. The only one who might know how to solve this Hecate, and she was missing in action. They had no ways of finding her. Lou Ellen prayed to her mother every day, but to no avail. "I'm technically not supposed to be here," Apollo said. "I was supposed to receive my punishment, but because of certain events it's been put off. Telling you anything would result in a greater punishment." He turned serious for a moment. He frowned and his blue eyes became unreadable. "I can't say much Kayla," he said finally. "The future is a difficult thing. But this is certain, there's something bigger going on here. Be careful." She swallowed uneasily. Danger was always certain in a demi-god's life. But she felt that something was different this time. This was something more dangerous by far, something intent on destroying them from the inside out. She gave a shaky smile to her dad. "Aren't I always?" she attempted to joke. Her father's unusually serious mien snuffed out her attempt. She may not have known her dad very well, but she knew he had a reputation for being exceedingly vain, being an airhead, and being happy-go-lucky. His frown and hard blue eyes just seemed so much out of character that it forced a serious answer from her. "I promise, Dad." Apollo's unreadable blue eyes studied for a bit long. She felt like he wasn't seeing her but seeing someone else. Abruptly he gave a smile and exclaimed, "Excellent! Now, Kay I know a place here you'll just love!" He took her by the hand and pulled her out of the throne room. She gave a look to Miranda who was talking with Demeter. The said goddess was whacking Hades with a cereal box of all things. Miranda gave a sympathetic smile as she watched the two gods argue. Her father kept talking, but she wasn't really listening. She nodded and smiled. Apollo's abrupt change in attitude fazed her. It felt so fake. His smile didn't light up his already radiant face the way it usually did. He knew more than he was letting own. Kayla knew it wasn't her place to ask or to push the matter any further. But, she was positive that her dad knew more. And, she had to find out more. AN: Thank you so much for reading this first chapter! This is my first PJO fanfic, so if you have any comments about characters or anything feel free to PM me or leave a review (that would be really nice!) I'll be explaining more about what happened to the Seven and Nico soon. Oh, if you don't remember, Kayla was mention in TLO as an Apollo camper. I'm going to be using her, Will, Lou, and several other to have the story on the outside progress... so heads up about that. Thanks for reading! R&R!