utterly confused. I didn't even know how to properly use this thing…but the bow was calling to me. "I.I don't know how to use bows that well, but it called to me…so what now?" I called out to the empty room. The voice decided to take it's sweet old time answering me, which left me worried of course. Did I pick the right one? I didn't huh, oh crap am I going to die? Im so young though, with so much stuff to do. Ugh life is not fair at all. As I got stuck in my own thoughts, I failed to hear the murmuring around me as the voice began speaking as if in disbelief. "It cannot be….he was gone for centuries, why has he come back now." Of course me being caught up in my dumb thoughts didn't hear that. The voice eventually decided to address me again, effectively driving out my dumb thoughts from my brain. "Ehm. Well Perseus, it seems you have done well on the second test. I have only one more challenge for you, place your bow inside the mirror." Er How am I supposed to place my bow inside the mirror….there is glass you know. "How am I supposed to.." "Just do as I ask, give it a try" the voice interrupted me again. I looked at the mirror and slowly began walking towards it. As I reached the mirror I noticed that it seemed to glow a little bit, which was strange because it wasn't doing that before. I gently began putting the bow inside the mirror, and to my surprise the bow actually went inside the glass. After putting the entirety of the bow inside the mirror, I stepped back and decided to see what would happen. For a few moments nothing happened, before a bright light emitted from the mirror, forcing me to look away. When the bright light cleared, I looked back at the mirror and what I saw shocked me. There was a person in the mirror staring right back at me. I began waving my hands around, and the person in the mirror began doing the same. I was in shock, was this me…it couldn't be. The person in the mirror had white wild spiky type of hair on top with a mid fade on the side. He had high cheekbones, a chiseled jaw, and perfectly proportioned features making me think he was a marble statue. Lastly when I test smiled, the figure smiled revealing sparkling white pearly teeth. Was this ME? It couldn't be… what the hell. The eyes were white… and did he have a eight pack, I've never seen one of those before. I gingerly took a finger and touched the mirror which exploded into white light causing me to go unconscious. (WE SWEPT THE PISTONS) Arghhh What in the HADES happened. Last thing I remember was touching that mirror and getting knocked out. I looked around before picking myself up off the floor and taking a look around the room. The mirror had reappeared and I took a look to see the strange person before. Wait a second this dude again? It took me a couple seconds to realize I was looking into a mirror… so this must be. What the… "Fuck." I gingerly touched the side of head where there used to be a lot of hair. Now there was barely any hair due to the mid fade. I touched the top of my head and sure enough there was still my usually messy spiked up hair there. I realized that I had gotten taller, I used to be around 6 feet… now I was around 6'5. I looked down and to my surprise I had an eight pack, and my arms were now even more defined. "Oh sweet….I look…" "Amazing, I know right" the voice said out of nowhere, startling me. "You are one of the most handsome men I have ever had the privilege of laying my eyes on Conquest, but I suppose it comes with the job." Conquest… who the hell is that. "Uh thanks super creepy voice." "Your welcome." For a moment there was just silence as I observed myself in the mirror and continued flexing my new body. "Your looks were altered because you fit the job, one that is entitled to you until your death. Now that you have claimed your right, walk into the mirror and we can talk in person. Im sure you have many questions." Uhhh okay… I guess. "Wait why couldn't we talk in person before?" The voice sighed. "Because young Perseus, before if you even thought about me you would be destroyed. Now you are much more powerful and can actually maintain a presence in front of me naturally. Do be warned, it will cause you some difficulty at first due to your lack of experience with your powers, and being next to super powerful deities in general…or deities who aren't suppressing their true nature because they want to torture you before turning you into atoms…*cough* Tartarus *cough* Nyx." "Well alright then, I guess I'll trust you….for the time being at least" I said, mostly to reassure myself of what I was about to do. Without further thought, I stepped into the mirror and disappeared from the dark room. Hey all. Thanks for reading my story. Please review, and let me know what I can improve on. I don't care for your harsh criticism, but I don't mind getting some pointers. After all I am a pretty bad writer. I found out that remarkables is keeping the Four Horsemen on Fanfic which is pretty awesome in my opinion. I am definitely adding that concept in this story, along with all my other plans hehehehe :P. Also if you want another awesome story to read, try Death by Don Socrates, that story inspired me as well. That dude knows how to write interesting stuff. Thanks All! Expect tons of chapters coming soon….