pay for my Venti but I got that shit for free! Can you believe that? I can't. Maybe it was a Starbucks promotion or something. Wait, didn't I already say that? Too many thoughts in my head. Zeus's masterbolt, it is late. It's midnight and I am having breakfast and talking to a stranger. Oh gods, why hasn't anyone shut me up yet? This is so embarrassing. Piper, Drew, say something! Gods, you guys are the worst besties in the world. I am committing social suicide over here and y'all aren't helping a single bit! This is the worst -" "Annabeth," Jackson (finally!) intervenes. "Meep!" I squeak out and then cover my face with my hands. I wish lightning would come down from the heavens and strike me right now or something. "Seven, all right? I'll swing by your flat at seven for dinner and a film." "You still want to go out on a date with me?" I ask incredulously. This guy has some serious balls to be putting up with my crazy. "You still want to go out on a date with her?" Drew echoes in equal disbelief. I hit my bestie's arm and give her a bitch glare. How dare she sabotage my chance with him? Jackson grins impishly. "I know, I know. I seem pretty odd, don't I? But actually, Annabeth owes me one. Remember that wicked New Year's Eve party at Connor's senior year?" My eyes widen. "Fuck," I moan at the memory and with every passing second, that lightning bolt strike is sounding more and more appealing. " No ." "Annabeth?" Piper asks in confusion. "Please, please, please tell me you are not the guy I dumped champagne all over," I beg. I must've been hella drunk to not remember this man and his perfect, perfect face. He laughs. "Er, no. That wasn't me." "The one I shoved cake into their hair?" "Nope." "Danced shirtless with on top of tables?" "Wrong again." Piper and Drew eyed me strangely after this last admission. "Aphrodite's mirror, Annabeth," Piper let out a low whistle. "Aren't you quite the party animal!" "Our girl is fuh-reaky when she gets drunk!" Drew applauds me. "Gods, girl, you've been holding out on us!" I threw them a disapproving look. That was senior year of my undergrad and they were off spending Christmas break with their boyfriends and family in different timezones while I stayed on campus and somehow ended up at Connor Mercury's New Year's Eve party. And I. Got. Trashed. It was definitely not one of my better moments and I had stupidly hoped that it would never come back to bite me in the ass. "How about 'the boy who got pushed in to a pool with you and then you kissed at midnight'?" Jackson answers for me with a sweet and sincere smile on his face. "You mean the boy from New York who she wouldn't stop pining and crying about until - " I clamp a hand over Piper's mouth before she can finish that sentence. "You mean the boy with the six-pack and the long fingers and the wet chlorinated boxers and the I-Won't-Have-Sex-With-A-Pretty-Drunk-Girl rule - " I clamp my other hand over Drew's mouth before she can finish her sentence. I squeeze my eyes shut and hate, hate, hate that this is happening to me. I never wanted to see him again after that night. I never wanted to owe him anything or be in his debt or even breathe the same air as him. Because even though he was my first New-Year's-Eve kiss, even though he was a complete and virtual stranger that night in December, even though he could talk intelligently about F Scott Fitzgerald and Shakespeare after countless bottles of beer, even though he looked at me like I put the stars in the sky, even though he could string pretty deceiving words into a pearl necklace of a sentence, even though he lived in another fucking timezone and I knew I would never see him again, I still fell in love for him and subsequently got heartbroken when he wasn't there anymore on New Year's Day. He is the reason why I don't believe in love at first sight anymore. He is the secret I kept from Luke even though nothing ever happened between him and I that New Year's Eve. He is from across the country and what the hell is he doing in District Thirteen? I look up in to those suddenly familiar bottle-green eyes and memories of that one perfect night come crashing down over me. "All right," I say neutrally. I can't really be blamed for giving in to his wishes: I want answers and a resolution to this unresolved history? tension? debt? between the two of us. Plus, Jackson is some serious eye candy. "I accept your offer of dinner. But not the movie - it's not a date, okay? We need to rationally talk this out, this thing between us." His face falls and he nods stiffly. He understands that this isn't some sort of faerie-tale-ending-happily-ever-after shit that Piper believes in. This is real life and the hurt and regret of a broken-hearted girl and the remorse and redemption of a heartbreaker boy. "I'll see you tomorrow at seven, Percy." [-] Author's Note: Review, lovelies. HAPPY NEW YEAR! 12/30/2014 : semi-popular demand from the reviewers has me writing the next two installments to this story. ch2 will be posted before 2015 is over ; ch3 will be up in 2015 or 2016 depending on RL. Reviewing may or may not speed up the process - I'm not the type of writer to withhold chapters for x amount of reviews. But when I do get an influx of reviews, I am reminded that this story exists and that people do care about it. Thank you for your patience (some of you, LOL) and for favouriting/following/lurking/PMing me to hurry the fuck up with the next chapter. xoxo