selfless and everyone knew it and thought of him as a great guy. And then theres you who thinks everything through and then chooses the best path, but people don't seem to see how much you care; or how you break when they're hurting. But they respect because they know you're a great leader." Annabeth said and then smiled at Reyna. Reyna finally came to her senses and smiled at Annabeth. "That's why I liked Percy, he took what he was given and turned it around so that everyone wanted what he had. And your just like that. You weren't handed the best hand of cards in life, but you've played the game, and won it, because you knew how to turn it around." Reyna said reaching her hands out nervously and taking Annabeth's. "Is this okay?" She asked nervously. Annabeth laughed and pulled her hands away and threw her arms around Reyna's neck. "It's fine but I like this better." She said in Reyna's ear burring her nose in her shoulder. Reyna laughed and wrapped her arms around Annabeth. "This isn't weird?" Reyna asked as she held Annabeth close and pushed her face into her hair. Annabeth laugh and pulled herself closer before tilting her head and kissing the underside of Reyna's jaw. "Nope not at all" She said softly. They stayed like that for a long time, softly talking and sharing innocents kisses. But as the sun finally set they made their way to the Big House; their fingers firmly entwined. As they came up to the house Reyna paused, and Annabeth seeing her hesitate stopped with her and gave her hand a squeeze. "Rey?" Annabeth asked nervously, thinking maybe Reyna had changed her mind. Reyna smiled at Annabeth and gave her hand a squeeze. "This is it Annabeth, if we walk in like this it won't be a secret any more. Everyone will know we…we…." Reyna trailed off and blushed and Annabeth laughed as she moved and gave her a light peck on the lips. "That we, dare I say, love each other?" Annabeth said with a know it all smirk that Reyna couldn't help but laugh at. "Good, then the guys will stop ogling you." Annabeth said in a matter a fact voice. "And I'd like to think our friends would be happy for us. I mean I've been in mourning for three years and you…..well Aphrodite screwed with you for long enough. If you don't want to let anyone know just yet its okay, we can…" Reyna cut her off by lifting her hand placing it on her cheek and giving her a deep kiss. Annabeth was surprised and slowly fell into the kiss, closing her eyes and letting out a moan as Reyna put her hands on her hips and pulled her closer. Annabeth slid her hands up Reyna's arms and then over her shoulder and around her neck, flushing their bodies together. "I'm a Roman Praetor, I don't care if they know. If they have a problem with it I'll feed them to my dogs." Reyna said softly against Annabth's lips. Annabeth groaned and kissed Reyna again before taking her hand and pulling her up the stairs. "I'm starving and if we don't stop now We're never going to eat." Annabeth said and Reyna laughed entwining their fingers. They walked into the meeting room and found everyone there, they all looked up and smiled and then looked at their entwined hands in surprise. Piper was the first to speak. "Soooooo that's a no to the date I was going to set you up on?" She said with a playful wink. Reyna and Annabeth both broke into laughter, so did everyone else. Annabeth was right they were all happy that Reyna and Annabeth were together in fact everyone started chanting 'Kiss her kiss her' until Reyna pulled Annabeth into her arms dipped her and gave her a deep kiss; to which the room broke into a cheer. "Percy would be so jealous rigt now, come to find out he could have had a three way." Nico said with a smile as he held Will's hand, everyone went silent as Reyna looked Nico in the eye, then she burst into laughter with the happiest smile anyone had ever seen on her. "Yeah right Death Boy he would have passed out and missed everything!" She retorted and everyone laughed, including Annabeth who nodded in agreement. That night Reyna lay in her bed thinking when she heard the door squeak open. She laughed as Annabeth climbed under the blanket with her and snuggled up to her side. "Are we having a sleepover?" She asked wrapping her arms around her girlfriend with a smile. Annabeth laughed and snuggled close burring her nose in Reyna's shoulder. "Yes, I hate sleeping alone. Between all the battles and the Monsters and then tartarus I never have a nightmare free night. I did when Percy was next to me, but now its you so deal with it. I'm a new installation to your bed, and I'm not going anywhere." She said softly and kissed her shoulder lightly. Reyna chuckled and settled nest to Annabeth pulling her closer. "Good means I don't have to go to your room. If you hadn't come in I was about to get up and sneak in with you." Reyna said with a soft laugh. Annabeth sighed and gave her a kiss. "Good, now hold me and go to sleep…Reyna…" She said and opened her eyes and looked at her new romance in the eye. "I know this will sound corny, but since I've basically been dating you for like a year now…I love you." She said softly. Reyna laughed. "Just because we spent every weekend together, and went out to eat and to the movies and…..okay so we were basically dating….I love you too." She said just as softly and then they both fell to sleep quiet happy to finally have that person they wanted beside them