down the stairs from where they looked at the scene and took Perseus as best they could, taking him to his room. As the brothers carried the unconscious body of Perseus down the stairs, Beryl shouted: "I want to see the lights off in five minutes, or else I'll go up and you'll know what's good!" Then she headed for the kitchen to get a new bottle of beer. The brothers, fulfilling what their mother had told them, went to sleep as fast as they had left poor Perseus lying in his bed. After two hours, Beryl was still in the room watching the home shopping network. She usually did not behave so aggressively with her children. Seeing the unconscious body of Perseus, and that she had caused it, she began to cry, knowing that she was a bad person and a bad mother. Knowing that when she dies she will go the fields of punishment. But it's all basically Zeus fault, he left her in this state of depression, in this state that she is now. Before she was a happy woman, with everything she desired. She was going to have a daughter with him, they were going to raise her together, they were going to start a family, to live happily ... But that damn "God" left her and ruined her life. In addition, today is the day in which several years ago she first met Zeus. And she is very completely angry, she cannot stop seeing the images of her with him together, simply enjoying the company of the other. Speaking of the king of Olympus, Zeus had been watching the scene all the time. From the beginning of the chase through the house until Beryl left Perseus unconscious. Zeus knows that he has caused all this, the suffering of her, of her and his children. Maybe nobody believed it, but he really cares about them. Zeus is known as a god who cannot keep his male reproductive organ in his pants, who does not stop cheating his wife. But what do you expect, he's been with the same person for thousands of years, he ended up a little bored. He knows that that does not justify his actions, and he loves Hera with all his heart, but when he meets people as special as Beryl. It happens what happens. (But now we will not talk about the morals of what he does, first Zeus is too arrogant to acknowledge his errors publicly, although he usually knows he has committed them. And second, that this is not the time). He has almost always been with women with a good heart, exceptional women's. Although in this case, he has corrupted Beryl's heart and mind. The woman who loved and love so much. That is why he has made the decision that it is time to fix things. It is time for children to take different routes and go to their respective places. Follow their particular fates. (He has tried to camouflage his children smell and delay as much as possible their departure to their respective camps, but that is over. He owes a lot to Hecate, she created the spell that protects his children them from the monsters). It is time to sort things out with Beryl, he's going to do everything in his power to make her return to being the person she was. Even if he has to break more times the ancient laws. Returning to Zeus, he moved to his Roman form and took his two sons, Perseus and Jason, transporting them to where Lupa was waiting for him, in the Wolf House. After explaining different things to the Roman goddess like; what he should do with his children, how he should explain the situation in which they were, how the personalities are ... He left them to continue their life in the world of Greek mythology, the world they belong to. He returned to Beryl's house to pick up his daughter, Thalia, and take her to Camp Half-Blood. It did not take too long since he had already explained to Chiron the whole situation. He prefers more its Greek form, and he is more in touch with the old centaur. Finally, before he forgot it, he decided to eliminate from the memory of the twins that they had a sister, and the same with Thalia but on the twins. So neither Lupa nor Chiron would have to explain to them that their relatives have died. They simply will not remember that Thalia existed in the case of the twins, or that the twins existed in the case of Thalia. So they do not have to suffer, it is easier to do so instead of telling a lie. They will probably never meet again, and even if they do, they will be complete strangers to each other. At that very moment, Perseus was having the strangest dream of his life. At first Perseus was simply walking quietly through a very beautiful forest, then, behind a tree, it appeared a man with goat legs and horns, as in the movie that he saw the other called "The Chronicles of Narnia", the only thing that the one in front of him, did not wear any piece of clothing except a loincloth and some wooden flutes hanging from what he supposes is the hip. The goat-man then started telling him that things were going to change a lot, that he must be strong and that he has to wait for the call of nature. Whatever that is. I hope you have enjoyed this first introductory chapter, in the following, there will be more action. I promise. This is just to lay the foundations. It would help me a lot if you told me what you thought of it, be it a criticism (I hope constructively), a positive comment or a negative comment. But I do not force you. Well, see you in the next chapter. Take care. Yowl.