floor. Annabeth and I smiled. It was good to have Thalia back. However, unlike Thalia and Grover we were hanging back. Annabeth had grown taller than me since last summer. She used to wear no jewelry except for her Camp Half-Blood bead necklace, but now she wore silver earrings shaped like owls—the symbol of her mother, Athena. She pulled off her ski cap, and her long blond hair tumbled down her shoulders. It made her look older. "So…" I tried to think of something to say, "Design any good buildings lately." Annabeth's eyes lit up, the way they always did when she talked about architecture. "Oh my gods, Percy. At my new school, I get to take 3-D design as an elective, and this cool computer program…" She went on to explain how she'd design this huge monument that she wanted to build at Ground Zero in Manhattan. She talked about the structural supports ad facades and stuff, and I tried to listen. It sounded to me Annabeth found something that made her feel like a normal student, just as swim meets made me feel like one. I knew she wanted to be a super architect when she grew up—she loves math and historical buildings and all that. Annabeth and Thalia attended an all girl boarding school in Brooklyn, and made arrangements with Annabeth's dad and Chiron that if needed, if there was an emergency they can either contact my mom since she and I were in Manhattan, or Chiron who was at Camp Half-Blood. Meanwhile I attend MS-54 in Manhattan, which was better than Meriwether. The swim team there is pretty good, and I'm the best on my team. "Yeah, uh, cool," I said. "So you're staying there the rest of the year, huh?" Her face got dark. "Well, maybe, if I don't—" "Hey!" Thalia called to us. She was slow dancing with Grover, who was tripping all over himself, kicking Thalia in the shins, and looking like he wanted to die. "Dance, you guys!" Thalia ordered. "You look stupid just standing there." I looked nervously at Annabeth, then at the groups of girls who were roaming the gym, searching for their next victim. Even if we weren't doing this to watch over the di Angelo kids, between the girl I practically grew up with and a group of girls who would hound me down and give me an unwanted makeover, I think I rather dance with Annabeth. "So… um… do you want to dance? With me, I mean," I responded hoping I don't look as awkward and embarrassed as I feel. "Sure…" Annabeth replied. So we went to the dance floor. I placed one hand on Annabeth's hip, and she clasped my other hand like she was about to Judo throw me, and believe me, she could. "Geez, Percy, relax. Have you been dancing at all since the Camp Prom?" Annabeth asked. I didn't answer. Five years ago Camp Half-Blood hosted a prom with the centaurs—one of Aphrodite cabin's crazy ideas—to celebrate a year of not having to worry about monsters attacking the camp—which later came to be known as the Centaur prom due to the fact that the centaurs had more fun in it than the half-bloods. We had dance lessons and everything, but I never danced during it—I was more disturb that for some reason there were even male centaurs wearing prom dresses. Even now, after attending a school without having to worry about bullies teasing a friend or brother of mine and getting a full reputation as a swim meet jock, I never actually danced with anyone. We shuffled around for a few minutes. I tried to concentrate on the little things, like the crepe-paper streamer and the punch bowl—anything to try to calm me down, stop my hands from being sweaty. "What were you saying earlier?" I asked. "Are you having trouble with your dad and stepmom again?" Although Annabeth didn't talk much about it, I knew about her rough history with her dad and her stepmom. At the end of last summer Annabeth and I finally arranged to have my mom and her dad and stepmom to pick us up at the same day, so they can meet each other, mostly so Annabeth's dad could meet the woman that housed Annabeth along with Thalia and Luke when they brought me home. It seemed to went off well, but there was still the lingering feeling that one misunderstanding will cause Annabeth to run away again. Annabeth sighed. "My dad decided to move. Just when I was getting settled in New York, he took this stupid new job researching for World War I book. In San Francisco ." I sighed. "He does know Mount Tam is actually Mount Othrys home of the titans, right?" "He doesn't care," Annabeth said. "Well, until you decide, you know you are welcome at the Jackson Apartment," I responded. Annabeth seemed to hesitate at that. "I… I probably should tell you something, Percy." Suddenly she froze. "They're gone." "What?" I followed her gaze. The bleachers. The two half-blood kids, Bianca and Nico, were no longer there. The door next to the bleachers was wide open. Dr. Thorn was nowhere in sight. "We have to get Thalia and Grover!" Annabeth looked around frantically. "Oh, where'd they dance off to?" "Hold on!" I responded. I closed my eyes and focus on finding Grover. Grover told me as long as we're not too far apart, we can use the Empathy Link to contact each other without one another being asleep, but we won't have the visual link as we would when one of us is asleep. Grover, if you hear me, Dr. Thorn, Nico, and Bianca are missing. It took a while before: Percy, I got your message. We noticed it too. "They noticed it too," I responded. "We better hurry," Annabeth said. I nodded and told Grover who agreed. We headed out of the gym and searched for the di Angelo kids.