rate monitor and the slow breaths that even Nico could hear. Tubes were located in Percy and, while Nico had seen some instance things, he flinched. "What's…" The Italian licked his lips, not wanting to ask but needing to. "What's wrong with him? Why… why does he have those…tubes?" "…I'm sorry you have to hear this from a stranger Mr. Di Angelo, Perseus Jackson has cancer. Breast cancer, currently he is in stage four." The nurse hated this part of the job, having to tell family and loved ones of the patients sickness. Nico felt his whole world cave in and yet everything seemed to click in his mind. Percy's cough, the sudden sickness he would sometimes get, how he wanted to keep his shirt on when they had sex, his energy loss, and the sudden break up with Nico, only 2 days after they spent the night together. The most agonizing thing was Nico truly wished that he noticed these signs earlier; he was a doctor for God's sake! And now Percy was in the fourth stage of breast cancer, where the survival rate was 27% and less. The Italian sat heavily on the chair by the bed, his hand coming to hold the other males' skeletal hand; it was so thin, so fragile. Nico knew that Percy was probably having chemo treatments, which meant the surgery process failed. The only positive thing the Italian could see in this situation was that Percy had not lost his hair, which was a good signed. The nursed left, giving the male privacy. Shoulders trembled, muffled sobs, tears came forth; Nico cried, clenching Percy's hand tightly but gently. Everything was on overload; Percy was found only so that Nico could possibly lose him again. The Italian let them flow, small droplets falling onto the bed and creating small wet spots; all the while he was whispering Italian. "Nico?" It was said in a soft, tired voice but had said male whipping his head up. Dark orbs met tired, dull green ones. Percy blinked, and then blinked again. He didn't know if this was a dream or not. "Nico? Am I dreaming?" Nico let out a shaky chuckle. The Italian wiped his tears away; he must have looked like a mess. "No, bello. I'm real, I'm here." Percy nodded before biting his lip and turning away. He couldn't believe that Nico found him; he had come to terms that he was going to die alone at this hospital, two states away from his home. "Percy, Percy look at me. Please." The Italian rubbed his thumb over the back of the green-eyed male's hand. It took a few moments for the other male to respond, but eventually he did; turning his head and looking with such sadness in his eyes that Nico could feel his heart hurt. "Is this why you broke up with me?" Nico asked, still rubbing soothing circles on Percy's hand and Percy could only nod. "I didn't want you to be with someone that would die in a less than a year, I left home. I thought everyone would be better off without me. Mom doesn't need to worry about me, she already has so much. Annabeth and Grover along with Tyson are all starting new chapters in their lives and I couldn't let my illness get in the way of their happiness. You, Nico, you I just couldn't drag you into this mess. I know how all the people in your life passed on and I didn't want to be someone else that was like that." By the end of Percy's short speech, the sea-green eyed male had started to tear up and was starting to look away. However Nico's hand guided Percy's face back. "Do you truly believe that, Percy? That you are a trouble to others? Your mother worrying about you is natural, that's the job of a mother. Your friends worry because they care, that's what friends are for. They are there to support you and be there in your time of need. And Percy, I want to be there for you. I will be there. Because I love you. I love you so much I feel I could move the stars and the moon, the sky and the sun and I would do it if you ask. I love you Perseus Jackson." Percy had tears streaming down his cheeks, and he tried to cover his face with his hands, only to have them pulled away a chaste kiss to his lips. "I..I love you too. I love you Nico Di Angelo." Nico smiled and the two shared a smile. Things may not turn out right, but they had each other and that was all that mattered. XX XX XX "Do you think we'll meet again?" "Yes, we'll meet again and again. We'll always be together; time and space do not matter. I'll seek you out, I'll find you and I'll love you." "That…That sounds perfect. As long as we have each other, right?" "Of course. As long as you keep me in your heart, like I'll always keep you in mine. So be mine, forever?" "Always." The sun drowned in the horizon, the rays of lights reflected off the water; the pink waves creating a sort of romantic setting. Two figures sat on the dock, one was skinny and pale while the other was almost equally pale but not as ashen as his companion. The skinner male was wrapped in the bigger man's embrace; a soft smile on his thin lips. "Good night, Percy." No response would come, which the other male had come to turns with. With his heart knowing they would always be together, Nico could send Percy off with a smile. Like the sun, a constant, Percy would always be in his heart. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX So this is a one-shot valentines gift to you all and my piece for the Valentines contest run by Takara Phoenix. Tell about it in a review. :)