the combustion chamber opened its various chambers with a click, click, click. Super-dangerous liquids and gasses flowed into the syncopator. The engine shuddered before the heat subsided. When it did, the shaking calmed down to a comfortable purr. I put my hand on the hull, now thrumming with magical energy. Buford snuggled affectionately against my leg and puffed steam. "You got that right, Buford." I turned to my friends. "That is the sound of an engine not exploding." … I didn't realize how stressed I'd been until I passed out. When I woke up, I was lying on a cot near the Argo II. The entire Hephaestus cabin (well, those that stayed for a full year at least) was there along with a few Athena's kids that agreed to help as well as few more campers. They'd gotten the engine levels stabilized and were all expressing their amazement at my genius. Once I was back on my feet, Jason and Piper pulled me aside and promised me that they didn't told anyone just how close the ship was from exploding. No one would ever know about the huge mistake that almost vaporize the woods. Still, I couldn't stop trembling. I'd almost ruined everything. To calm myself down, I pulled out the Lemon Pledge and carefully polished Buford. Then I took the spar syncopator and locked it in a supply cabinet that did not have legs. Just in case. Bufford can be temperamental. An hour later, Chiron, and Argus came from the Big House to take care of the Maenads a girl from Hypnos Cabin name Gnosis. Gnosis was this slender, light skin teenager in a stretchable, sleeveless white shirt, blue stretch pants, lightweight brown shoes and had a necklace with a pendant that's actually a miniature camera. I guess they couldn't wake Clovis long enough to get him here. Gnosis used her powers over sleep to lull the Maenads to sleep which made them easier to deal with. Argus, head of security, was a big blond dude with hundreds of eyes all over his body. He seemed embarrassed to find that a dozen Maenads had infiltrated his territory. Argus never spoke, but he blushed brightly and all the eyes on his body took an interest to the floor. Chiron, the activities director, looked more annoyed than concern as he stared down at the Maenads. Which he could do being a centaur. From the waist down, he was a white stallion. From the waist up, he was a middle-aged guy with curly broth hair, a beard, and a bow and quiver strapped across his back. "Well done, you three," he told my friends and me. "We got word that these girls been searching for Dionysus since Christmas. Luckily you caught them before they could get out of hand. Dionysus will be pleased they've been captured." "I take it they annoy him?" I asked. "Absolutely," Chiron said. "Mr. D despises his fan club almost as much as he despises demigods." Babette muttered something in her sleep something about being followers. "So…" Piper shifted uneasily. "Dionysus wouldn't have minded if we had to destroy them?" "Oh, no, he would mind!" Chiron said. "They're still his followers, even if he hates them. If you hurt them, Dionysus would be forced to drive you insane or kill you. Probably both. So well done." He looked at Argus. "Same plan as last time. And thank you again, Gnosis. You're dismissed." Argus and Gnosis nodded. Gnosis left the bunker and Argus gestured to one of Hephaestus campers, who drove a forklift over and loaded up the cage. "What will you do with them?" Jason asked. Chiron smiled kindly. "We'll send them to a place where they feel at home. We'll load them on a bus to Atlantic City." "Ouch," I said. "Doesn't that place have enough problems?" "Not to worry," Chiron promised. "The Maenads will get the partying out of their systems quickly there and they'll fade away until next year. They normally show up around the holidays, but I guess when Zeus locked up Olympus, Dionysus wasn't able to inform the Maenads which might have confused them." The Maenads were carted off. Chiron and Argus headed back to the Big House, and my campers helped me locked up Bunker Nine for the night. Usually I worked into the wee hours, but after a crazy night, I decided to join my friends. Of course we avoided sodas. I don't think I'll be drinking that for a while, and I know I won't be drinking diet coke ever again. At the camp fire I sat with my friends. "You saved my hide again, guys," I told them. "Thank you." Jason smiled. "Anything for you, Valdez. You sure the Argo II will be safe now?" "Safe? No. But she's not in danger of exploding. Probably." Piper laughed. "Great. I feel much better." We sat quietly, enjoying each other's company, but I knew this was just a brief moment of peace. The Argo II had to be finished by the summer solstice. Then we would sail off on our great adventure—first to find Jason's old home, the Roman camp. After that… the giants were waiting. Gaea the earth mother, the most powerful enemy to the gods, was marshaling her forces to destroy Olympus. To stop her, my friends and me, along with four other demigods, will have to sail to Greece, the ancient homeland of the gods. At any point along the way, I knew I might die. For now, though, I decided to enjoy myself. When your life is on a timer to an inevitable explosion, that's about all you can do. I raised my goblet of hot chocolate which we substituted for sodas. "To friends." "Friends," Piper and Jason agreed. I stayed at the camp fire until the song leader from Apollo cabin suggested we all do the Hokey Pokey. Then I decided to call it for the night. A/N: Gnosis is a character created by Thunder Crush