Both Thalia and Bianca took aim. "Don't guys, he's not worth it," I said as I picked up my shield. Suddenly out of the river Iapetus came out. We took out our weapons ready to fight but he said the next thing that stopped us. "Who are you guys? Can one of you tell me who I am?" The four of us looked at each other having no idea how to answer. It was clear that the Lethe erased his memory. I decided to answer. "You're actually a friend of mine," I lied trying to think of a name. "I'm your friend—Bob." Thalia and Bianca shook their head as Nico picked up the sword of Hades. "Really? Okay!" Iapetus—I mean Bob, said. …. We got an express ride back to the palace of Hades. Nico sent word ahead, thanks to some ghost he'd summoned out of the ground, and within a few minutes the three Furies themselves arrived to ferry us back, although one of them had to hold Nico and Bianca and lugged Bob the Titan, despite their protest. What can I say, after Bob lost his memory I felt we should at least bring him back. Anyway, we arrived at the throne room of Hades in one piece. The lord of the dead sat on his throne of bones, glowering at us and stroking his black beard like he was contemplating the best way to torture us. Persephone sat next to him, not saying a word, as Nico and Bianca explained about our adventure. Hades did promise not to use it against the gods, but not before he gave me a look that told me I better not say anything else. I doubt he had forgotten about how Annabeth and I told him how Charon wanted a pay raise or to play with Cerberus the last time I was here. Nico laid the sword at his father's feet and bowed, waiting for a reactin. Hades looked at his wife. "You defied my direct orders." I wasn't sure what he was talking about, but Persephone didn't react, even under his withering gaze. He turned back to Nico and Bianca. His gaze softened a little, like rck soft rather than steel. "You two will speak of this to no one." "Yes, lord," Nico and Bianca agreed. The god glared at me and Thalia. "And if your friends do not hold their tongues, I will cut them out." Thalia and I nodded reluctantly. Hades stared at the sword. His eyes were full of anger and something else—something like hunger. He snapped his fingers. The Furies fluttered down from the top of his throne. "Return the blade to the forges," he told them. "Stay with the smiths until it is finished, and then return it to me." The Furies swirled into the air with the weapon. That's when it dawn to me. "You are wise, my lord," Persephone said. "If I were wise," he growled, "I would lock you in your chambers. If you ever disobey me again—" He let the threat hang in the air. Then he snapped his fingers and vanished into the darkness. Making the sword was Persephone's idea. That's why Hades wasn't there when Persephone gave us the mission. Hades didn't know the sword was missing. He didn't even know it existed. Persephone must of also shut down the underworld and couldn't tell Hades about it. We were used. Persephone looked paler than usual. She took a moment to smooth her dress the turned toward us. "You have done well, demigod." She waved her hand and four roses appeared at our feet. "Crush these, and they will return you to the world of the living. You have my lord's thanks." "I could tell," Thalia said. "And I will reward you for your silence for the matter," Persephone said looking at me as if knowing that I figured out her plan. I wanted to bring up what I realize, but there was something more important needed to deal with. "Lady Persephone, if you care, once Hades has calm down, maybe you can talk to him about getting Bob a job here in the Palace," I said, "If we send him back to the pit and he runs into his brothers, they might remind about before he lost his memory," I said. Persephone studied me carefully and looked at Bob formally known as Iapetus. She must have realize I had a point: having a amnesiac Titan working in the palace was better. "Very well, Percy Jackson, I'll see what I can do," Persephone said. … Nico, Thalia, Bianca, and I said our good-byes on a balcony overlooking Asphodel. Bob the Titan sat inside, building a toy house out of bones and laughing every time it collapsed. "I'll help keep an eye on him," Nico said. "He's harmless now." "Just be careful, Nico," Bianca said, "And please, watch your language. Just because your my brother and we're currently the same age, doesn't mean I won't threaten you with my arrow the next time I catch you cursing." "Fine," Nico muttered. "By the way, Percy. You haven't forgotten my offer, have you?" A shiver went down my spine. "I'm still thinking about it." Nico nodded. "Well, whenever you're ready." He shook our hands before going back inside. After he was gone, Thalia said, "What offer?" "Something he told me last summer," I said. "It's supposed to help me fight Kronos, but it's dangerous, and I've had enough danger for one day." Bianca studied me. "It wouldn't happen to be related to how Kronos possess Luke, would it?" "I'm not sure. Nico said we'll do a bit more research once I have decided," I responded. Thalia sighed. "Well, until then how about we get some dinner." Bianca and I couldn't help but smile at the idea. We haven't had anything decent to eat since we came here. "Sure!" We agreed. And together we crushed the roses that would return us to the world.