steal it! I will copy it and sell the knockoffs for profit! What is this secret weapon?" "My girlfriend: Annabeth," I said, "And she's one of a kind." The claw dropped, smacking Cacus on the head and knocking him to the ground. While the giant was dazed, the claw closed around his chest and lifted him into the air. "Wh-what is this?" the giant came to his senses twenty feet up. "Put me down!" He squirmed uselessly and tried to blow fire, but only manage to cough up some mud. Annabeth swung the crane back and forth, building momentum as the giant cursed and struggled. Annabeth manage to control it so the crane wouldn't tip over. She swung the arm one last time and opened the claw when the giant was arc. "Aahhhhhhhhh!" The giant sailed over the rooftops straight over Chelsea Piers, and began falling toward the Hudson River. "George, Martha," I said. "Do you think you could manage laser mode just once more for me?' With pleasure, George said. The caduceus turned into a wicked high-tech bazooka. I took aim at the falling giant and yelled, "Fire!" The caduceus blasted its beam of blue light, and the giant disintegrated into a beautiful starburst. That, George said, was excellent. May have a rat now? I have to agree with George, Martha said. A rat would be lovely. "As soon as we check on Annabeth, I promise," I said. "You two earned it." She met me at the steps of the park, grinning like crazy. "Was that amazing?" she demanded. "That was amazing," I agreed. It was hard to pull off a romantic kiss when you're both drenched in muck, but we gave it our best shot. After we broke for air, we decided to go to take the subway back so that George and Martha have their well deserve rats. … George and Martha had a feast on the way to our rendezvous point and got rid of the subway vermin problem for a while. At least we can bring the Caduceus back to Hermes with George and Martha full and happy. We met Hermes by the Atlas statue at the Rockefeller Center. (The statue, by the way, looks nothing like the real Atlas, but that's another story.) "Thank the Fates!" Hermes cried. "I'd just about given up hope!" He took the caduceus and patted the heads of his sleepy snakes. "There, there, my friends. You're home now." Zzzzz, said Martha. Yummy, George murmured in his sleep. Hermes sighed with relief. "Thank you Percy and… ah, Annabeth. I just have time to finish my deliveries. But what happened with Cacus?" We told him the story. When I related what Cacus had said about someone else giving him the idea to steal the caduceus, and about the gods having other enemies, Hermes' face darkened. "Cacus wanted to cut the gods' communication lines, did he?" Hermes mused. "That's ironic, considering Zeus has been threatening…" His voice trailed off. "What?" Annabeth asked. "Zeus has been threatening what?" "Nothing," Hermes said. It was obviously a lie, but after nine years of being a demigod, I learned it's best not push it when they lie to your face. "Okay…" I said. "Any idea which enemy Cacus was talking about though?" Hermes fidgeted. "Oh, could be any number of enemies. We gods do have many." "Hard to believe," Annabeth said. Hermes nodded, either not noting the sarcasm, or got other things on his mind. The god manage a smile. "Anyways, I better repay my dept to you guys so I can get to my deliveries. I got one place set up for you two, on my tab. I see I have to get you new clothes too but since you got rid of Cacus for a while and obviously fed my snakes, I'll see what I can do. Say good-bye George and Martha." Good-bye, George and Martha, said George sleepily. Zzz, said Martha. "I may not see you for a while, Percy," Hermes warned. "But… well, enjoy tonight. I'll be teleporting you back by midnight." He made that sound ominous, I wonder again what he wasn't telling me. Then he snapped his fingers, and the world dissolved around us. … Our table was ready. The maître d' seated us on the rooftop terrace with a view of the lights of a city and the boats on the River seine. The Eiffel tower glowed in the distance. If you haven't figured it out, we're in Paris, France. Hermes really did out did himself to repay us. I was wearing a suit and tie that Hermes magically put me in (don't ask me how). Normally I don't wear suites, but I'm not going to complained, especially considering how stunning Annabeth looked. She wore a dark green sleeveless dress that showed off her long blond hair and her slim athletic figure. Her camp necklace had been replaced by a string of gray pearls that matched her eyes. The waiter brought fresh-baked bread and cheese, a bottle of sparkling water for Annabeth and Coke for me. We dined on a bunch of stuff I couldn't even pronounced—but all of it was great. It was almost half an hour before Annabeth got over her shock and spoke. "This is incredible." "Fancier than what I had planned," I admitted. "So you were planning to take me to a restaurant," Annabeth said. I shrugged. "Okay, you caught me." Annabeth giggled, "We can save your plans for our second month anniversary for that." Then she reached across the table and took my hand. Her expression turned serious. "Any idea why Hermes acted so nervous? I got the feeling something bad was happening on Olympus." I shook my head. "I would be lying if what Hermes last said about not seeing me for a while since its related to it, but let's worry about it tomorrow. Tonight, I want to enjoy our one-month anniversary with my amazing girlfriend." "Sounds like a plan," Annabeth agreed.