had a sack of flour dumped on her head. "Gross!" "Monsters do that," I said. "Sorry." "You killed my trainee!" Kelli yelled. "You need a lesson in school spirit, half-blood!" Then she too began to change. Her wiry hair turned to flickering flames. Her eyes turned red. She grew fangs. She loped toward us, her brass foot and hoof clopping unevenly on the band-room floor. "I am senior empousa ," she growled. "No hero has bested me in a thousand years." "Yeah?" I said. "Then you're overdue. Kelli was a lot faster than Tammi. She dodged my first strike ad rolled into the brass section, knocking over a row of trombones with a mighty crash. Rachel scrambled out of the way. I put myself between her and the empousa . Kelli circled us, her eyes going from me to the sword. "Such a pretty little blade," she said. "What a shame it stands between us." Her formed shimmered—sometimes a demon, sometimes a pretty cheerleader. She was clearly trying to distract me. I reached for my side where I kept my Thermos. "Don't even think about reaching for that thermos of yours," Kelli said, "Not that it would help you." I froze. "What?" "Poor dear," Kelli chuckled. "You don't even know what's happening, do you? Soon, your pretty little camp in flames, your friends made slaves to the Lord of Time, and there's nothing you can do to stop it. It would be merciful to end your life now, before you have to see that." From down the hall, I heard voices. A tour group was approaching. A man was saying something about locker combinations. The empousa 's eyes lit up. "Excellent! We're about to have company!" She picked up a tuba and threw it at me. Rachel and I ducked. The Tuba sailed over our heads and crashed through the window. The voices in the hall died down. "Percy!" Kelli shouted, pretending to be scared, "why did you throw that?" Kelli picked up a music stand and swipe a row of clarinets and flutes. Chairs and musical instruments crashed to the floor. "Stop it!" I said. "People were tromping down the hall now, coming in our direction. "Let's see you cover this up!" Kelli said. Knowing her plan I capped riptide, quickly stuffed it into my pocket and snapped my fingers to work some Mist magic. Kelli flung the doors open and Paul Blofis and a bunch of freshmen came in. But when they did they were in a daze. "That girl is trying to kill us and destroy the school! She's working for the man that kidnapped me when I was seven and again two years ago!" I responded using the first story that came to my mind. Kelli snarled, "You'll pay for that Percy Jackson!" Just as she said that, Kelli exploded into flames like a Molotov cocktail. Waves of fire splashed over everything. I'd never seen a monster do that before, but I didn't have time to wonder about that. Thanks to Kelli's trick and my quick Mist Manipulation, everyone was running out of here in a panic. The fire alarm wailed. Ceiling sprinklers hissed to life. "You use that Mist Manipulation thing, didn't you?" Rachel asked. "Yeah, but now we need to get out of here," I responded. She nodded and we sprinted for the broken band room window. I burst out of the alley way onto East 81st and ran straight into Annabeth. "Hey, you're early!" she laughed, grabbing my shoulders to keep me from tumbling into the street. "Watch where you're going, Seaweed Brain." For a split second she was in a good mood and everything was fine. She was wearing jeans and an orange camp T-shirt and her clay bead necklace. Her blond hair was pulled back in a ponytail. Her gray eyes sparkled. She looked like she was ready to catch a movie, have a cool afternoon hanging out together. Then Rachel Elizabeth Dare, still covered in monster dust, came charging out of the alley, yelling, "Percy, wait up!" Annabeth's smile melted she stared at Rachel, then at the school. For the first time, she seemed to notice the black smoke and the ringing fire alarms. "Annabeth, let me explained," I responded knowing all too well if I don't I'll have an angry daughter of Athena breathing down my back. I started explaining about what happened at the school and about Rachel's gift and about Hoover Dam last winter since the whole spacti incident was related to why she followed me the band rom. When I was done Annabeth sighed in frustration. "At least tell me you used the Mist on the Mortals?" I nodded. "Paul and a bunch of other freshmen thinks that the Emposai are one of our former kidnapper 's employees." I didn't think that calmed her down, but at least I don't have to worry about Annabeth snapping at me later. Police sirens wailed on FDR Drive. "Percy," Annabeth said coldly, "We should go." "I'll go back and come up for an excuse where Percy went," Rachel agreed. "I still want to know more about half-bloods, and monsters, and this stuff about the gods." She grabbed my arm, whipped out a permanent marker, and wrote a phone number on my hand. "You're going to call me and explain, okay? You owe me that. Now get going." Rachel ran back toward the school, leaving Annabeth and me in the street. Annabeth stared at me for a second. "You told a mortal girl about half-bloods?" "She could see through the Mist," I responded. "What was I suppose to do?" Annabeth wouldn't even look at me now, which means that I was in deep trouble with her. "Look, I didn't mean for this to happen, or our afternoon to be ruined, but the empousai said something about the camp burning," I responded. Annabeth listened to that much at least as she sighed, "Then we better head back to camp. Now ."