fear and she need to face it. "Clarisse get up!" I yelled. "I—I can't," Clarisse yelled. "Yes you can! You're one of the best warriors in Camp Half-Blood, you earned your position as Cabin Counsellor by beating your predecessor in a duel! You were the first one from camp to enter the labyrinth and make it out alive! You commanded an army of the Undead soldiers against Kronos' army!" I yelled, "Now get up!" She hesitated. Then she began to stand. "What are you doing?" Ares bellowed. "Grovel for mercy, girl!" Clarisse took a shaky breath. Very quietly, she said, "No." "WHAT?" She raised her sword. "I'm tired of being scared of you." Deimos struck, but Clarisse deflected the bow. She staggered but didn't fall. "You're not Ares," Clarisse said. "You're not even a good fighter." Deimos growled in frustration. When he struck again, Clarisse was ready. She disarmed him and stabbed him in the shoulder—not deep, but enough to hurt even a minor god. He yowled in pain and began to glow. "Look away!" I told Clarisse. We averted our eyes as Deimos exploded into golden light—his true godly form—and disappeared. Even Mrs. O'Leary turned away to avoid it. We were alone except for the petting zoo goats, which were tugging at Clarisse's clothes, looking for snacks. Sometime during the chaos the Chariot had reappeared back in chariot form. Clarisse looked at me cautiously. She wiped the straw and sweat off her face. "You didn't see that. You didn't see any of that." "Fair enough," I said with a grin, "Right girl?" "AROOF!" Clarisse got on in the chariot. "Follow me!" "Right!" I said. … A few minutes later we reached Staten Island Ferry and remember something: we were on an Island, and I don't know if the fire breathing horses will let me reined Mrs. O'Leary to the chariot with them so we can shadow travel. "Great," Clarisse mumbled. "What do we do now? Ride this thing across the Verrazano Bridge?" IWe both knew we couldn't take the chariot across the bridge to Manhattan. It would take too much time. Then I got an idea. "We'll take the direct route." Clarisse frowned, "What do you mean?" I whispered to Mrs. O'Leary, "Run when I tell you!" Mrs. O'Leary's eyes widened and she was ready with excitement. I closed my eyes and began to concentrate. "Drive straight ahead. Go! You two Mrs. O'Leary, go!" Clarisse was so desperate she didn't hesitated. She yelled, Hiya!" and lashed the horses. They charged straight at the water the same time Mrs. O'Leary started running. I imagine the see turning solid, the waves becoming a firm surface all the way to Manhattan. First Mrs. O'Leary hit the surf, then the chariot. The horses' fiery breath smoked all around us but didn't harm Mrs. O'Leary. I knew where I was going thanks to my sense of navigation on the sea as I led us straight to New York Harbor. … We arrived at Pier 86 just as the sun was starting to set. The USS Intrepid, which Clarisse told me was the temple of Ares, was a huge wall and gray metal in front of us, the flight deck dotted with fighter aircrafts and helicopters, although it was mostly use as a museum to mortal tourist. Clarisse parked the chariot at the ramp, but I had Mrs. O'Leary stay on land. Concentrating on keeping the chariot and hellhound above the waves had to been one of the hardest things I'd ever done. I was exhausted. Not to mention Ares would probably kill me on the spot if I entered his temple. "Congratulations," I said. "I guess you passed your driving test." She wrapped the reins around her hand. "About what you saw Percy. What I was afraid of, I mean—" "I won't tell, nor would I ask about that boyfriend Phobos mentioned," I responded. Clarisse studied me before realization hit her. "You knew!" I didn't answer as I patted Mrs. O'Leary's back. "When?" Clarisse demanded. "When did you find out? Who told you?" "No one told me. I was just talking to Mr. D that night after Grover was cleared when he showed me what he did for Chris," I responded. "So I guess you're going to blackmail me now," Clarisse said. "Heck no," I responded. "You can call me a lot of things Clarisse, but I respect if you want to keep yours and Chris' relationship to a minimal as you can." Clarisse didn't look convince, but something else came in her mind. "How did you defeat Phobos?" "It wasn't easy," I said. "At first he showed me my deepest fear—something I never realized I feared most." "What was it?" I sighed. "I saw the camp in flames. I saw everyone pleading for my help but I didn't know how to help them. I felt useless." Clarisse lowered her eyes. "I, uh… I guess I should say…" The words seemed to stick in her throat. I wasn't sure Clarisse had ever said thank you in her life. "Don't mention it," I said. "And Clarisse, what I said, back there, it's the truth. No matter what your dad siblings or anyone might say, you are one of the best warriors in camp and I'm glad you're on our side." A faint smile flickered across her face. "Thanks Percy," Clarisse said. "If you want, I can take Mrs. O'Leary back to camp once I'm done here." "You sure? She can be a handful," I responded patting Mrs. O'Leary on the back. "AROOOF!" "I'm sure," Clarisse said. I smiled and climbed off Mrs. O'Leary and told her to stay and wait for Clarisse to take her home, who didn't seem to complain. "See you later," I said. "See you," Clarisse responded as I headed off toward the subway. It had been a long day, and I was ready to go home and get some sleep. A/N: The dog whistle was my own addition to Percy's gear.