the chinks in a crab armor, right in the middle of the belly. That's when I got an idea. I extended my hand and focus—concentrating on the water, and the fountain exploded. Water sprayed everywhere, three stories high dousing the balconies and elevators and the windows of the shops. The crab didn't care. He loved water. He ignored Beckendorf and came at me sideways, snapping and hissing and I ran straight at him screaming, "AHHHHHH!" Just before we collided I hit the ground baseball-style and slid on the wet marble floor straight under him. It was like sliding under a ton armored vehicle. All the crab had to do was sit and squash me, but before he realized what was going on, I jabbed Riptide into the chink in his armor, let go of the hilt, uncapped my thermos and summoned another water blast that hit the wall nearby and pushed myself out the backside toward Beckendorf. The monster shuddered and hissed. His eyes dissolved. His shell turned bright red as his insides evaporated. The empty shell clattered to the floor in a massive heap. "Percy, call Mrs. O'Leary before it's too late!" Beckendorf said. "Right," I said reaching for my whistle. "Oh. But it's already too late." We looked up and saw that monsters and demigods were coming down the ramps toward us. "Capture them alive!" A dracaenae yelled. "Kronos would want to speak to them." "Any plans?" I asked. "Surrender for now," Beckendorf said. "But…" I said. "Just do it!" Beckendorf told me. I nodded reluctantly. … Well, we were taken prisoner, which meant we were disarmed of any known weapon, including my thermos. I'm seriously considering of getting a padlock on it next. Anyways there are two things they either forgot to check or take. They forgot to check my pockets and make sure my sword and whistle wasn't taken, and our detonator. They also were fooled by the fake jar trick. See Beckendorf brought extra Greek fire jars and materials so that if we get captured trying to escape they think we haven't finish setting them up yet. They took us to the deck where Luke was waiting—cross that out—where Kronos was waiting. See, last year the titan lord had somehow taken possession over Luke's body. At first you probably wouldn't think he was the Titan of Time. He wore jeans, a white T-shirt, and flip flops like a normal college-age guy with a thin scare on his face. But his eyes told a different story since they were gold. "You're late. We've been expecting you for days," Kronos said. At first he sounded like Luke, but then his face twitched. A shudder passed through his body like he'd just drunk something really nasty. His voice became heavier, ancient, and powerful—Kronos' real voice. "Come, bow before me." Laistrygonian Giants, Demigod archers, and hellhounds came out and line up. Next to Luke was a demigod in full armor and wearing an eye patch: Ethan Nakamura. "I see you're still adapting to Luke's body, Kronos," I said, "How about do us a favor and release yourself from his body?" Kronos' weapon appeared in his hands—a six footlong scythe, half Celestial bronze, half mortal steel. Just looking at the thing send chills down my back. "We knew about your operation for some time thanks to our spy," Kronos said. "It be a shame to kill you two before we destroy Olympus though." Kronos held out his hand and dangled a little silver bracelet with a scythe charm—the Titan Lord's symbol. "A communication device," I said. Kronos chuckled. "You can't count on friends. They will always let you down. Luke learned that lesson the hard way. Now surrender to me, or die." I look around, we were surrounded. If I take out the whistle now they will know we're in trouble. Suddenly there was a large yelp as a gigantic hellhound pounced on the deck attacking the monsters. "Mrs. O'Leary," I said. "How did she know to come here?" Beckendorf asked. "AROOF!" "Stop that hound!" Kronos yelled. Mrs. O'Leary didn't' give the monsters a chance to attack and the demigod archers were running. I quickly got Riptide out of my pocket and used it to knock the two guards out. I searched their pockets and got out my thermos and wristwatch. Beckendorf got his sword from the other guy. The archers had started to regain their positions. "No!" I responded while thinking. "Ocean, help me." Sure enough with a tug of my stomach a huge wave came up from the ocean and knocked out the archers. "Beckendorf, get on Mrs. O'Leary and get out of here!" I told Beckendorf, "I'll hold them off." "Percy, we're out of time! If you try and dive through the water, you won't get out of here in time!" Beckendorf said. "Just do it!" I said as I whistled. Mr. O'Leary came close to us. Beckendorf got on Mrs. O'Leary and gave her the command "Stop them!" Kronos tried to commanded. "Now!" I said as I willed the water on the deck into my hand and formed a javelin. I threw it with my whole will. The water-Javelin hit Kronos only to bounce off his chest. Then I summoned a slashing wave of water at the same time Beckendorf ordered Mrs. O'Leary to run into the wall. Again, the wave didn't do anything to Kronos, but it did give me time to jumped overboard into the water just as Beckendorf hit the button on his wristwatch. I was only able to get two hundred feet before the Princess Andromeda blew up from both sides, a massive fireball of green flame roiling into the dark sky consuming everything. Despite willing the currents to carry me away fast I didn't get far enough in time as I was hit by the shock wave of waves and heat and was knocked out while sinking into the bottom. A/N: The one who send Mrs. O'Leary will be revealed later.