ants turned toward us. I guess they didn't like us stealing their dinner. I slashed at one and lopped off its head. Annabeth stabbed another right between the feelers. As the celestial bronze blade piece its shell, the whole ant disintegrated. "I—I think I can walk now," Beckendorf said, and immediately fell on his face when we let go of him. "Charlie!" Silena helped him up and pulled him along while Annabeth and I cleared a path through the ants. Somehow we manage to reach the edge of the clearing without getting bitten or squashed, although one of my sneaker s was smoking from acid. Back in the clearing the dragon stumbled. A great cloud of acid smoke rolling off its hide. "Get ready to run!" Beckendorf told us before yelling at the dragon, "DRAGON! Emergency defense, beta-ACTIVATE!" The droagon turned toward the sound of his vice. It stopped struggling against the ants, and its eyes glowed. The air smelled of ozone, like a thunderstorm, ZZZZZAAAAAPPPPP! Archs of blue electricity shot from the dragon's skin rippling down its body and connecting with the ants. Some of the ants exploded. Others smoked and blackened, their legs twitching. In a few seconds there were no more ants on the dragon. The ones that were still alive were in full retreat, scuttling back toward their ruined hill as fingers of electricity zapped them in the butt to prod them along. The dragon bellowed in triumph, then turned its glowing eyes toward us. "Now," Beckendorf said. "we run." We did run for cover, but the dragon didn't attack instead it seemed calm. In fact it just stood there looking at the direction Silena and Beckendorf went. "I don't think it's attacking us," Annabeth said. That's when it dawn to me. Before, when I thought the dragon was going to attack us. It was because although we reactivated it, Silena Annabeth and I weren't children of Hephaestus. Beckendorf must have realized something like that as well because he staggered forward. The dragon stared at him waiting for command. "Dragon! Shut down!" Beckendorf said. The dragon looked at Beckendorf before laying down. Next thing we knew the eyes dimed and calm down. "It seems that control disc you added, Percy, actually worked," Beckendorf said. "That's good, right?" I asked. "Maybe…" Beckendorf said, "But I'm still going to have to check it over to make sure there aren't any flaws. Percy, do you still have its control disc?" "Right here," I said handing him the rusty disc. Beckendorf checked it over. I guess he was going to keep it to help with the diagnostics, because he stuffed it in his pocket. Silena ran up to Beckendorf and gave him a hug along with a kiss on the cheek. "I'm glad you're alive, Charlie." Beckendorf swallowed. "Um… well. So… will you go to the fire works with me?" It was hard to tell with Beckendorf's face being red from the ant acid in the face earlier, but I could have sworn he was blushing. Silena's face lit up. "Of couse, you big dummy! I thought you'd never asked. Beckendorf suddenly looked a whole lot better. "We better get back," I said, "The game should be over." "What about the treasure down there," Beckendorf said, "All those magical weapons and armor. We could use that." "And the bracelets, and the necklaces," Silena said. Well, Silena is back to normal. "Maybe another time," I said. "We'll need an army of demigods to get it back from those ants." No one argued against that. … I had to go barefoot, because the acid had eaten completely through my shoe. When I kicked it off I realized the goo had soaked into my sock and turned my foot red and raw. Nothing I couldn't heal with a small jet of water from my thermos. Beckendorf and Silena walked ahead off ahead of us, holding hands, and Annabeth and I gave them space. "That was pretty lucky," Annabeth said, "With the control disc and everything." "That's for sure," I responded. "I guess Silena and Charles are going to the fireworks." "I guess so," Annabeth agreed. Just then, three of Annabeth's siblings from Athena cabin burst out of the bushes with their swords drawn. When they saw us they broke grins. "Annabeth!" one of them said. "Good job! Let's get these two to jail. "Wait the game isn't over?" I asked. The Athena camper laughed. "Not yet… but soon. Now we captured you ." "Dude, come on," Beckendorf protested. We got sidetracked. There was a dragon, and the whole Ant Hill was attacking us." "Uh-huh," said another Athena guy, clearly unimpressed. "Annabeth, great job distracting them. Work out perfectly. You want us to take them from here?" I guess finding out the game wasn't over brought back Annabeth's competitive nature because she quickly grabbed my thermos. "Oh come on! Again with my thermos," I responded. "Sorry Percy, but even I know better than to leave your thermos within your reach," Annabeth said taking out her dagger and pointed it at me as she turned to her siblings. "Silena and I can get this. Come on, prisoners. Move it." I doubt she planned the dragon and the Myrmekes, but something told me Annabeth planned for this incase the game wasn't over. Still, that didn't stop me from complaining and protesting all the way to the jail, and so did Beckendorf considering what we went though as Silena laughed. But Annabeth just smiled and put us in jail. As she was heading back to the front line, she turned and winked at me. "See you at the fireworks?" She didn't even waited for my answer before darting off into the woods. I looked at Beckendorf. "Did she just… ask me out?" He shrugged, completely disgusted. "Who knows with girls? Give me a automaton dragon anyday." So we sat together and waited while the girls won the game as I wrapped my mind around what just happened.