to mention I didn't have any idea how to "name three sedimentary strata you observe" or "describe two examples of erosion." Leo was no help. He was too busy building a helicopter out of pipe cleaners. "Check it out." He launched the copter. I figured it would plummet, but the pipe-cleaner blades actually spun. The little copter made it halfway across the canyon before it lost momentum and spiraled into the void. "How'd you do that?" I asked. Leo shrugged. "Would've been cooler if I had some rubber bands." "Seriously," I said, "Are we friends?" "Last I checked." "You sure? What was the first day we met? What did we talk about?" I don't know how, but those questions seemed to right, as if it's proper to find out if I really belonged here and to see if I really do know Leo and Piper. "It was…" Leo frowned. "I don't really recall exactly. I'm ADHD, man. You can't expect me to remember details." "But I don't remember you at all. I don't remember anyone here. What if —" "You're right and everyone else is wrong?" Leo asked. "You think you just appeared here this morning, and we've all got fake memories of you?" A little voice in my head said, That's exactly what I think. But it did sound crazy. Everybody here took me for granted. Everyone acted like I was one of their classmates—except for Coach Hedge. "Take the worksheet." I handed Leo the paper. "I'll be right back." Before Leo could protested, I headed across the skywalk. Our school group had the place to ourselves. Maybe it was too early in the day for tourist, or maybe the weird weather had scared them off. The Wilderness School kids had spread out in pairs across the skywalk. Most were joking around or talking. Some of the guys were dropping pennies over the side. About fifty feet away, Piper was trying to fill out her worksheet, but her stupid partner Dylan was hitting on her, putting him away, and when she saw me and gave me a look like, Throttle this guy for me. I motioned for her to hang on. I walked up to Coach Hedge who was leaning on his baseball bat, studying the storm clouds. "Did you do this?" the coach asked me. I took a step back. "Do what?" It sounded like the coach had just asked if I made the thunderstorm. Coach Hedge glared at me, his beady little eyes glinting under the brim of his cap. "Don't play games with me, kid. What are you doing here, and why are you messing up my job?" "You mean… you don't know me?" I asked. "I'm not one of your students?" Hedge snorted. "Never seen you before today." I was so relieved I almost wanted to cry. At least I wasn't going insane. I was in the wrong place. "Look, sir, I don't know how I got here. I just woke up on the school bus. All I know is I'm not supposed to be here." "Got that right," Hedge gruff voice dropped to a murmur, like he was sharing a secret. "You've got a powerful way with the Mist, kid, if you can make all these people think they know you; but you can't fool me. I've been smelling monster. You smell like a half-blood. So—who are you, and where'd you come from?" Most of what the coach said didn't make sense to me, but I decided to answer honestly. "I don't know who I am. I don't have any memories. You've got to help me." Coach Hedge studied me like he was trying to read my thoughts. "Great," Hedge muttered. "You're being truthful." "Of course I am! And what was all that about monsters and half-bloods? Are those code words or something?" Hedge narrowed his eyes. Part of me wondered if the guy was just nuts. But the other part of me knew better. "Look, kid," Hedge said. "I don't know who you are. I just know what you are, and it means trouble. Now I got to protect three of you rather than two. Are you the special package? Is that it?" "What are you talking about?" Hedge looked at the storm. Clouds were getting thicker and darker, hovering right over the skywalk. "This morning," Hedge said. "I got a message from camp. They said an extraction team is on the way. They're coming to pick up a special package, but they wouldn't give me details. I thought to myself, Fine. The two I'm watching are pretty powerful. I know they're being stalked. I can smell a monster in the group. So I figured they were special cases of half-bloods since they were older than most, and that's why the camp is suddenly frantic to pick them up. But then you pop up out of nowhere. So, are you the special package?" The pain behind my eyes got worse than ever. Half-bloods. Camp. Monsters. I still didn't know what Hedge was talking about, but the words gave me a massive brain freeze—like my mind was trying to access information that should've been there but wasn't. I stumbled, and Coach Hedge caught me. For a short guy, the coach had hands like steel. "Whoa, there, cupcake. You say you got no memories, huh? Fine. I'll just have to watch you, too, until the team gets here. We'll let the director figure things out." "What director?" I said. "What camp?" "Just sit tight. Reinforcements should be here soon. Hopefully nothing happens before—" Lightning crackled overhead. The wind picked up with a vengeance. Worksheets flew into the Grand Canyon, and the entire bridge shuddered. Kids screamed, stumbling and grabbing the rails. "I had to say something," Hedge grumbled. He bellowed into his megaphone: "Everyone inside! The cow says moo! Off the skywalk!" "I thought you said this thing was stable!" I shouted over the wind. "Under normal circumstances," Hedge agreed, "which these aren't. Come on!"