mental breakdown, and she was certain Tacey knew as well, but they kept up the illusion. It was simply easier that way. She watched the steps as her younger sister came down holding a large canvas bag, which made Theone smile widely. Tacey never went anywhere without her art supplies, the large canvas bag held her 'travel kit' which was a large drawing tablet, a tin of colored pencils which was her medium of choice, as well as a professional photography camera. Tacey preferred to sketch real life but when they were in a hurry she would take pictures of her inspiration for later. "Should I have Maria go and make sure your bags are packed properly?" She teased her sister, who stared at her blankly for long moments, before she turned and darted back up the stairs as she knew she would, Tacey never packed properly the first time around, she always managed to pack her art supplies first and then after being reminded packed properly the second time. Theone would still send Maria, their head maid to double check, just to be positive it was done right. They would be gone for months after all, she didn't want anything that Tacey might need left behind on accident because she hadn't been paying attention. Watching the stairs now, her mind wandered once more, she was thinking now about what this new place would mean for them, what it would mean for her especially. Apart from her siblings Theone had always been alone, she had never participated in group projects when she had gone to elementary school, she'd even kept herself when she had gone to recess. She didn't know how to make friends, what would it take she wondered, to let someone else inside her defenses…? Another door opened, but this one slammed shut with enough force to rattle the chandelier. Sighing to herself, Theone pinched the bridge of her nose as she tried to fight off another headache, she found she got them more often now then when she was younger. Watching the stairs she saw Taranis stalking down them, an older man moving quickly to try and catch up to him. "For the last time Albert I am NOT taking those jaffing pills!" Now she bit her lower lip to keep from smiling, they didn't curse, instead they used a different language, one Theone had read from a book series, it sounded better then the words they would normally use. Though the smile left her face when they came closer, the mask was back in place, she couldn't afford to let it slip again. "Simmon, why are you harassing my brother?" Her voice was smooth as silk, hiding the anger she felt at the subject she knew was the cause of this all. One year ago Taranis had attacked a student at their school, and though Theone knew that the student had been a monster, hunting for Tacey, she hadn't been able to stop her mother from taking him to a doctor who he had been prescribed an antipsychotic by the doctor. That has been when she first realized that no one saw the monster's, and no one believed them, no one except the head maid and head butler. Simmon was neither, he was Taranis's personal butler, meaning he watched her brother like a hawk. Which at time was a good thing, but now was not one of them. Black eyes turned to regard Theone, and she stared into them, Simmon knew his place, and it was not to badger him about taking something with him. "My Lady, I was helping Lord Taranis finish his packing when I noticed that he had not packed the medication he had been given for this month…" She wasn't stupid, Simmon reported to the state about their household and he was not pleased at being forced to stay behind during this camp, but she also knew that if her brother didn't do as told there was a chance he could be taken from the house. He was only 17 and while it was legal in most cases, this was not one of them. "Take the pills with you Taranis. We can't leave them behind…" Her tone was flat and her eyes turned from Simmon's to look at her brother, stormy blue eyes meeting hers and seeing the steel in them, he relented, as he always did…after all, he didn't need to physically TAKE the medication, he never did, she would throw them away as always. "Yes sister…" He looked at Simmon and glared darkly, but the older Asian butler bowed to them both and headed back up the stairs to pack the medication. "I should follow and make sure he doesn't unpack anything…" Then her brother left too, leaving her with her mother again, and she rubbed at her forehead. "This camp had better damn well be worth it mother, I turn seventeen next year…" Cool eyes regarded the starlet who sat in her usual chair, watching the muscles in her slender body tense as Theone delivered her final warning to her. "As per the agreement, when I reach legal age everything becomes mine…this house…" She moved towards her mother. "The money…the cars, the estates…everything you won will become mine…" With each word she moved closer, and placed her hands on the armrests, staring straight into hazel depths, and she relished the fear in them before finishing her words. "I would HATE for the media to hear about your little siesta's in 'Cambridge'." She watched her mother's spine stiffen and she raised an eyebrow, before the woman slouched and Theone stood upright, straightening her jacket and watching the woman before her, someone she had always considered a child, not a mother, ad it was all she could do not to deliver the final blow to that ego, but she resisted, and turned away, and left to go see to her own packing. After all, she had her own maids to handle.