Mr. Valdez your awake." he then notices his metal arm were his real arm used to be "GODS OF OLYMPUS, who did, I thought, how did anybody manage to put a metal arm there I never thought it was possible!" " Mr. Valdez your dad had made you that arm, and with the help of the goddess Hecate they were able to put there fully functional and you will be happy to know that you can use your powers over fire with that arm." she as of matter of factly, he looks at it then in his mind sends a prayer of thanks to both his dad and Hecate. But then he realizes where`s Reyna what had happened to her but before he could even talk the nurse said, " if its Reyna your worried about she is fine she is all healed up thanks to you, since you got her here with one arm she thought how much trouble you went through to get her here and she thanks you deeply for it." "but then where is she then." Leo asks " she is at the feast of Fortuna, poor thing Jason had to down here get her from that right there in your room then she kissed you on your cheek then she left crying." Leo immediately starts to rub his cheek then tries gets out of his bed, "Where are you going?" asks the nurse, " I am going to the feast to see Reyna and how she is doing!" Leo said with smugness, " Oh no your not your going to stay here and rest!" demands the nurse Leo Reply's, " What a shame it would be if the building caught on fire if I didn`t get to go see Reyna!" the nurse steps back and stammers, "Y..Y...YOU WOULDN`T DARE!" "YEAH TRY ME cause nothing is going to keep the mcshizzle man from seeing Reyna now if you will excuse me I will be going!" Leo yelled the nurse looks at him but does not try to stop him and gives him a reassuring nod he nods back then exits to go see Reyna. Now it was time for the feast to begin Reyna and Jason had said what they had to say to the roman goddess to hope for blessings for the next year but during it all she had felt like the goddess hated her because she could not see Leo unless he was asleep and tears started to form at the corners of her eyes but quickly expels them so she can keep that tuff praetor look but it got harder for her every time now it came for her to start the feast, " now my fellow romans as well as the Greeks it is time for us to start the feast and as you eat do not forget to pray to Fortuna for the next year to be a greatest one we have had yet!" announces Reyna as well the Greeks and romans give off a great round of cheers as Reyna sits back down her chair she sends her own special prayer to the goddess hoping that she would speed along Leo`s recovery after that all the wind sprits whipped around with the food siting in front of each demigod after they delivered one plate they went back to the kitchen to go and deliver another, but Reyna appetite had left her tonight as she thought of her hero Leo. Just as the feast was coming to a close Reyna got up to say some last words of encouragement, "Well lets hope the following year is..." that`s when she him walking through the door with his shirt burned off and in its place a vest of nemean lion fur, she sees him smiling at her with that goofy and sarcastic smile trying to walk toward her while supporting himself on each column as he walked, "LEO!" she screams in excitement, as everyone hears her they turn there heads to look in the direction there praetor was looking in giving gasps of excitement that there ambassador being okay. Without any warning she jumps of the stage and runs toward to Leo tackling him in a huge hug then crying into his chest as he holds her, " Leo your ok I thought you might not make it, and with the loss of your arm and the blood that came from it you still managed to get both you and me back down to the camp mess hall then when I woke up they told me what happened and I thought I might lose you..." Leo cuts off Reyna with a kiss on the lips and she calmed down closed her eyes and kissed him back and it quickly became the best moment of her life she wanted stay like this forever until Jason interrupted, " Ahem... guys are you two now going to be a thing?" they both blushed and easily thought of an answer because every Greek and roman camper gasped at the sight of there praetor kissing a lonely mechanic, " Definitely." they said in unison as they went into another kiss and Jason began to clap and was quickly followed by everyone else in the room followed and as it died down the rest of there friends walked into the mess hall on to Leo and Reyna kissing scene' GGGGGOOOOO LEO!" yells Percy he then earned a jab in the ribs from annabeth, and the rest of the group quickly surrounded the two the guys kept saying to Leo, " Dude you did it you finally made Reyna your girlfriend!" he was blushing to no end the girls circled Reyna, "Well Reyna looks like that you have yourself a guy made just for you!" then Reyna thought freely, "I do I Sure do." A/N: I was bored looking through deviant art so i decided to repost my story, from 2 years ago, from their over to this sight