couldn't just reform after being killed still. *CoughAresCough* Hestia then said "I suggest partial immortality like the Hunter, right Artemis?" Artemis nodded and then walked towards me and placed a hand on me and a glowed slightly silver and felt more stronger. Artemis then nodded towards me with a smile and went back to her mother. "Anything Else that should be discussed?" replied Zeus impatiently. Apollo, Hestia, Hades, and Aphrodite raised their hands. Apollo then walked towards me and said "Perseus, there is no way I can thank you for everything you have done for me, you saved Olympus twice, you saved my hide from a brutal punishment, and you reunited me with my mother. For this I wish to give you my blessing to be able to use light energy and Riptide can turn into a bow that can shoot flaming arrows." Apollo then placed his hand on my shoulder and I glowed golden and felt more powerful. "Thanks Apollo. I don't know what to say." I said. "Say Nothing." replied Apollo "You've earned it." Then came Hades "Perseus I thank you again for what you have done for me so I shall bless you with the ability to shadow travel and use the shadows." He placed his hand on me and I glowed a bit darker gaining more power. Wow if this keeps up I think I'm gonna become a bit over powered. I gave my thanks to Hades and Hestia then came over saying "Perseus,you have done so much for us that no hero has ever done. You have united my family ever closer together and honored me more than any other person. So I ask if you would accept by blessing and become my champion?" I was astounded for the umpteenth time. One of the most strongest gods in existence as well as one of my favorites is asking me to become her champion?! I know I may be a bit dense but even I'm not stupid to refuse this gift! "I accept the offer, my patron." She teared up a bit and then hugged me and when she did a ring of fire surrounded me until they were absorbed into my body. "You can now manipulate fire and can give people hope or take it away. You can also summon food made by myself." Hestia explained. "Thank you so much." I said. Hestia replied with "You're welcome." Aphrodite then stepped forward, I took a cautionary step back and asked timidly "You aren't going to try and make me more good looking are you?" Aphrodite let out a beautiful laugh and said "Of course not! I'm just gonna improve your looks and give you a special gift." She said that like it was the most simplest thing in the world...wait a minute... Before I could say anything she blew a cloud of pink that covered me completely. I coughed and waited till the gas blew away and when it did I heard gasps and saw shocked, blushing, and jealous faces of the Olympians and my friends. "What?" I stupidly asked. Aphrodite came out of her blushing stupor and made a mirror appear before me and I saw someone different. I know it was myself but this version looked looked almost like the same as the version I saw on Circe's island. The new me was 6'2 feet, perfect tan, my hair raven-black and wild, the gray line from carrying the sky looked and made it look bad ass. My face looked like it was chiseled out of marble and I noticed that my six-pack became and eight-pack and my muscles didn't look gross and disgusting like Hercules or Ares but more define like a surfer, lean and strong. My eyes were still sea-green but I saw a ring of fire around the pupil. I have to say I look awesome. The looks on the Olympians' faces looked so hilarious I wish I had brought a camera. Most of the goddess, even Artemis and Hera, were blushing mad. The gods even my dad had some jealous looks on them. My friends were the same, Frank and Hazel had surprised looks on them, Annabeth was blushing slightly as well as Piper which confused me. Nico merely raised an eyebrow. "Well if that is it then I say that this reward ceremony is over." Zeus said. "Now let the Olympus celebration party commence!" There were cheers and big, blinding flash was cast around the entire throne room and we were transported to a plaza on and we started to party. I would enjoy the party, feeling relieved that all the strife was over and that I could enjoy some peace. But as you know that, in the life of a demigod, peace is the true fantasy. And I wouldn't know that this would be the last party I would have until my world, as I know it, came crashing to an end. To be continued... And that wraps up the first chapter. Long? Yes it was. I wanted to put some more but I decided against it, seeing this as a good cliff hanger. Also fair to warn you I will put more cliff hanger like these in future chapters. Also another thing I should mention is that there could be lemons in future chapters or I will place then on a separate story. Just to let you know I will try to make Percy's betrayal have some new elements to it but don't get your hopes up in case it turns out like other betrayals. Also I already have a list a people who will join Percy and those who will perish. I can't wait to upload more chapter but know that with time being chaotically splintered I will probably update once or twice a month. Sorry if this lets you down but that is school for ya. Anyways hope enjoyed the story so far, review, and helpful tips would be deeply appreciated. Until Next Time! ZAYDEN OUT!