him, but since the entire camp was watching, and he was no longer probably about to die, I settled for throwing my arms around him and squeezing him tight. And, in that moment, holding Percy against myself, smelling the sea on him, and feeling his heartbeat against my chest, all the worry and pain that had been weighing on me for the past two weeks melted away. Percy was alive. Nothing else mattered. I remember my subconscious noting the other implications of his return. I hadn't messed up the quest as badly as I thought I had. Grover was still alive, at least, and we now had some way of contacting him. He might even have encountered Hephaestus and found out how to locate Daedalus. But I swept aside all of these other concerns. All I cared about was the fact that Percy was safe. I didn't let go of him until I realised that everyone else was silently staring at us. "I—we thought you were dead, Seaweed Brain!" I said, my heart filled to bursting with relief. "I'm sorry," Percy said. "I got lost." He looked so cute and innocent saying it. But he still managed to change all that relief into anger. "LOST?" I yelled. "Two weeks, Percy? Where in the world—" "Annabeth," Chiron interrupted. "Perhaps we should discuss this somewhere more private, shall we? The rest of you, back to your normal activities!" Before either of us could say anything, he picked Percy and me up, slung us on his back, and galloped off towards the Big House. Percy's explanation essentially vindicated Hephaestus' theory. He'd used his innate oceanic nature to create the explosion, which had thrown him out of the volcano. "Luckily, I landed in the water. Then I got marooned on an island, until Hephaestus found me and told me I could leave. A magic raft carried me back to camp," Percy told us. I gazed at Percy. Something nagged at me from the back of my mind, something about how it didn't make sense for the son of Poseidon to be marooned, and something about magical phantom islands, but at the moment I was still far too relieved that Percy was back to be concerned about tiny matters like that. "You've been gone two weeks," I said, my voice steadier and more composed than it had been ever since the explosion. "When I heard the explosion, I thought—" "I know," he said. "I'm sorry. But I figured out how to get through the Labyrinth. I talked to Hephaestus." My eyes lit up, and I felt a surge of relief. Percy had gotten the information from Hephaestus. Our adventure wasn't completely pointless. "He told you the answer?" "Well, he sort of told me that I already knew. And I do. I understand now." Percy explained his idea: that mortals who could see through the Mist could also see paths in the Labyrinth. And that, therefore, we should recruit that girl from his school, Rachel, and use her as our guide through the Labyrinth. My mouth fell open. "Percy, that's crazy!" Chiron leaned back in his wheelchair and stroked his beard. "There is precedent, however. Theseus had the help of Ariadne. Harriet Tubman, daughter of Hermes, used many mortals on her Underground Railroad for just this reason." To be honest, the more I thought about it, the more likely a hypothesis it sounded. But I was not anxious to meet Rachel again, because…alright, I'll admit it – I was a little jealous. Percy and I may not have been a couple, and I wasn't sure enough about my feelings to know if I wanted to pursue a relationship with him, but I was definitely in love with him. This whole demigod business was something that Percy shared only with me. It was our little secret, the thing that had allowed us to meet, the thing that would bring us closer together every summer. It was bad enough that he'd let another girl – a cute one at that – in on our secret. And now he wanted her to come along with us on a quest, and let her in on even more of those things that we only shared between the two of us. And Rachel's excessive friendliness with him didn't exactly ease my discomfort. To make matters worse, I realised what had been bothering me about Percy's account. I remembered one of the stories Chiron had told me, about Calypso, the daughter of Atlas, and her magical island of Ogygia. Was that where he'd been "lost" for the past two weeks? Had he been "marooned" there by an attraction to Calypso? I didn't want to take any chances. I may have been unsure about my feelings, but I was certain that I loved him far too much to risk him slipping away. If Calypso could divert him like that, I didn't want to find out what Rachel could do. "But this is my quest," I tried to protest. " I need to lead it." Chiron looked uncomfortable. "My dear, it is your quest. But you need help." "And this is supposed to help? Please! It's wrong. It's cowardly. It's—" "Hard to admit we need a mortal's help," Percy said. "But it's true." I glared at him. Have I mentioned how much I hate it when he's right? "You are the single most annoying person I have ever met!" And, with that, I stormed out of the room, my emotions simmering inside me once more. Funny how I'd gone from being worried sick about having lost him, to nearly overflowing with joy and relief at having found him again, back to being worried about losing him, but in a different way, in the span of less than half an hour. Just then I felt a pain in my chest...My time was almost up. (A/N, hay. sorry if it's so sad. so just let us know what u thought of this first part. by Banana Jump!)