is a big deal. Camp Jupiter could need our help!" Leo raised his hand, "I could totally go." Chiron nodded, "Yes thank you Leo…but might I remind you that you nearly destroyed New Rome with your ship, they may not like you as an ambassador." Leo frowned, "Oh…good point." Nico stood, "I'll go. I've been there many times and have close bonds with the praetors." Chiron nodded, "Yes that could work…very well Nico you can go." Nico nodded, "Thank you Chiron." Percy chewed his lip, "I don't want him to go alone Chiron, I mean if Alexa is right about there being a problem he could be in danger. Someone should go with him to have his back if things go awry." Chiron nodded again, "True, very true. Who would go with Mr. Di Angelo?" Will raised his hand, "I can go if you want sir." Both Connor and Travis stood and Travis said, "Out of the question. Lilly would hate us f we let you leave her here on a dangerous mission. We're the boys for the job Chiron. Me and my bro can handle those Romans if things could crazy." Connor nodded, "Yeah you know us. We've really been into our training, we're good fighters. Plus someone nereds to make sure Nico doesn't his visit dark and gloomy." "Hey! Nico protested. Katie stood, "Oh so I suppose I'll let you go Travis? If Will has to stay because of his worried girlfriend, then why don't you?" Travis blushed, "Oh…yeah. Never mind I can't go." Chiron frowned, "Well…then now what?" Connor stayed standing, "I'll go alone with Nico Chiron. I don't need Travis to be helpful." Chrin nodded, "Then it is settled. Connor and Nico will go to New Rome and Camp Jupiter to offer the assistance of us Greeks." Alexa jumped in, 'Just going to say, why don't I go? I'm Roman aren't I?" Chiron shook his head, "You have not had the proper training and we can't send an untrained camper one a dangerous mission." Alexa raised and eyebrow and reached over and grabbed a sword off the wall and swung it in a large circle and around her wrists before letting it rest with the tip pressed against Connor's chin. "I think I can handle myself," Alexa said smirking. Connor growled, "You think? Percy give me Riptide." Percy frowned, "What?" Connor sighed, "May I please, pretty please, borrow your badass sword to teach this…girl a lesson." Percy sighed and pulled out his pen and passed it to Connor and Alexa laughed, "A pen!?" Connor cuncapped it and Riptide grew to full size and Alexa's eyes widened. Connor made the first move with a side strike, which Alexa blocked but Connor was true when he said he'd practiced. He swung his sword down for her ankles then continued to strike from all different angles with incredible speed and Alexa struggled to keep blocking until he had pushed her against the back wall. Riptide's tip rested on her jugular and Connor was smirking, "Still think you can handle a sword…girl." Alexa growled, "Call me girl one more time." Connor smirked, "Girl." Alexa lunged forward knocking Riptide aside and threw a punch at his face, which Connor neatly sidestepped away from and backhanded her back and snet her sprawling forward onto the couch and over top of it. "Girl," he taunted. Alexa jumped at him and Connor tossed Riptide to Percy and grabbed her fist and twisted making her shout and he kicked her legs out form under her and she sprawled to the ground. He shot up and tried to grab his face but he grabbed her wrists and twisted her body flipping around and he kicked her back sending her face first into the couch. "ENOUGH!" Chiron shouted. Connor nodded and walked back next to Travis and the brothers shared a discreet fist bump. "Sorry boss," Connor said. Chiron huffed, "Anyway! Nico and Connor will leave tomorrow morning for Camp Jupiter. Percy I'm putting you in charge of Alexa's training." "Aww why me?" Percy asked. "Because you are our most qualified demigod and she needs proper training," Chiron said. Percy frowned and stuffed his hands in his pockets, "Fine." "Now, good night children. Everyone please return to your cabins, Alexa you will be staying in the Apollo cabin. Will you can take her there," Chiron ordered. Soon the crowd dispersed with Percy walking back to his cabin Annabeth linking her arm with his, "It'll be fine Percy, I'll help you train her." Percy smiled, "Thanks Annabeth. I'll see you in the morning I guess." Annabeth nodded and kissed his cheek, "See you in the morning." Percy kissed her good night and then entered his cabin closing the door behind him and gave a heavy sigh before stripping down to his shorts and flopping into bed. Tomorrow was going to suck. To Be Continued… Zeref's Disciple: Well there is the first chapter! I got a review saying tone down the OC's but really I like making characters and I promise that they won't drown out the real characters. Speaking of OC's there WILL be one more, no negotiating, he's going to the be the main antagonist in the Roman camp. And you'll see a lot more of Connor Stoll in this story as he helps in Camp Jupiter. But I plan on making this story much more…exciting. A lot more plot anyways and don't worry, plenty of lemons ;) Zeref: This story is going to suck Zeref's Disicple: YOU SUCK! FAGGOT! Zeref: LITTLE BITCH! Zeref's Disicple: Why do I bring you places! Zeref: What are you talking about! I'm your master! I BRING YOU PLACES! Zeref's Disicple: I hate you so much it hurts. Zeref: Good. Fucker. Zeref's Disciple: As always thanks for reading, please R&R and peace out! Zeref: I am going to make you wash all the floors…five times. Zeref's Disicple: WE DON'T HAVE FLOORS TO WASH! WE LIVE ON THE ROAD! Zeref: RESPECT MY AUTHORITY!