given my habits.) I've noticed Percy looking at Will from a distance, I think he wants something from him? But was too shy to approach him because he's feeling awkward? Will swatted my head and lectured me about spacing out in the middle of duty. We exchanged a few friendly banters and when I looked back at the spot where I saw Percy he already disappeared. Annabeth probably called him. On the third day of duty, I started to enjoy being around Will, sure he was loud and a little obnoxious. But he's an excellent company. I keep learning new things every day. I was cutting up bandages when someone knocked at the door, "Dudes!" someone from the Hermes cabin was smiling enthusiastically. We both stared at him, giving him a questioning look, "What's going on bro?" Will said. "Chiron re-opened the training grounds" he hopped giddily. Will's face broke into a wide grin then he looked at me, "what's that look? I'm starting to hate it." I chided. He pulled my arm gently urging me to stand up, "Come on, we've been stuck inside here tending to the sick. I think it's time for us to get some sunshine and exercise." He looks at me expectantly. I shrugged and rolled my eyes, smirking at him "Doctor's orders?" he chuckled, "Yep. Now come on." We both stood-up following the Hermes kid to the training grounds. The first thing I've noticed is Percy standing in the middle, announcing a few things. I suddenly felt uncomfortable, I wanted to leave. Will seemed to have noticed my distress because he lightly brushed his elbows against mine. "Can't concentrate cus he's here?" he asked. "Not quite." I answered. "I'm here don't worry, I'll be your partne—er sparring partner" he stuttered. I glanced at him, smiling. "Yep sure, I could use the things you thought me at the clinic after I beat your butt." I teased. We were teasing each other when Percy suddenly appeared at my side, I feel as if my heart leaped to my mouth. It's as if he shadow-travelled to my right and just decided to look so damn hot, where did that even come from. I'm over him remember? Ha ha ha . I looked at the ground, afraid to look at him. "Nico, it's the first time I've seen you set foot on the training fields…" he said. Wow he doesn't want me here because he's afraid I might actually kill a few kids? "Oh, am I not allowed?" i snapped. He looks so stunned, "N-no.. gods Nico no. that's not what I meant." He stuttered. Yep he must be scared and creeped out now. Not that I care. I'm over him remember. Or am i? screw the tiny voices inside my brain. Ughhh. "Uhm—anyway, since it's your first time joining camp activities and you don't know the rules, I figured we could s-spar? I'll teach you." He finished. I look at him as if expecting a big whoop, I was about to answer but Will said, "it's good man, we already agreed to be each other's partner. You can teach the newbies there, pretty sure Nico knows how to swing his own sword." He shrugged. Percy was too stunned to speak he started to make out words and stop at the middle of each, as if too shocked to comprehend what's happening right now. After a few attempts to say "What?" Annabeth called from his back, he looked at me and Will, nodded and headed off. I raised an eyebrow at Will seeking an answer to what just happened. He just chuckled, "Don't give me the death stare di Angelo, I'd melt. Come on, let's spar" A few days have past since the "sparring incident" and I have been noticing a lot of things, for instance... Percy keeps on following me and Will when we head out to get some herbs and wild plants. Mrs. O'Leary barking at Will non-stop, eating his rubber shoes or leaving a huge dump on his ornamental garden. The water from the lake suddenly deciding to take life and splash said Apollo kid on the face. But what hit so hard was the last incident, Thursday afternoon, Will was on duty to look at the fence near the Lake if it's safe and if the kids who are playing around it won't be injured or fall into the Lake where the stubborn nymphs are resting. All I heard was screaming from a distance, the next thing I knew, Mia from the Hermes Cabin was frantically calling me for help, I rushed towards where the screams are coming from and all I saw was Will thrashing and gasping out for air then it hit me ... he was DROWNING. I jumped inside the murky lake, swimming to where he's struggling, "Will! William!" I screamed. trying to calm him down. I held him tight and gripped him around his waist trying to make him resurface with me. In the blur of screams and people surrounding the lake. I forced myself to paddle until we reach the surface. when we got there, he was huffing and throwing up, I kept on patting his back, rubbing circles around his shoulder and asking him if he's okay. the next thing i know, Percy was pushing away the crowd to get a better look. "Oh gods, i didn't think they would actually do it." he was trembling while running both hands on his hair. "What did you just say?" I glared at him. "You? Planned this?" I stood up and looked him square in the eyes. This douchebag almost killed my friend, the only person not really afraid of me and has been my company for the last few weeks. And now he's ruining it? Can't he just lay off and go away? why does he need to do this to Will? Doesn't he want me to be happy? "Perseus Jackson, do you even know what you just did?"