in effectively making them stab his heart. His body flies through the wall breaking everything in his path.I press the purple button on my bracelet activating the VRS. The second guy shoots the gun but before the bullets touch me the shield reverses them and the bullets hit him back. This all happens in a matter of 10 seconds. Once I disable the shield and pick up my ax I walk up to the girls. " Are you okay? " "Who are you? Did you come to hurt us? Why did you kill those men?" The oldest of the girls bombards me in a frantic way. " I came to complete a favor for a certain person. " "Thank you." The girls both envelop me in a hug but just as quickly let me go. " This is going to feel weird but try to cope. " They both nod, then I put my hands on their shoulders. Immediately after we appear in front of the house next to the first sister. "Antarta!" Both girls scream out in joy. Antarta embaces both of her sisters with tears in her eyes. "Hunra! Kit! You're okay!" All of them sob softly and embrace for a few seconds. They all look at me and look at me with amazement and hope in their eyes. "Thank you kind sir how could we ever repay you?" " Sleep. You won't be able to remember me in the future so no need to thank me." The girls eyes flutter slightly and they fell straight into a deep sleep. I put my hands over their bodies and a white light envelops them. The power I stole from Balder a Norse God takes effect, it purifies them and gives them back their innocence. Then I touch their foreheads wiping all of the memories of them being abused by those men and all of the memories that include me. I spread my power over them and teleport them to the front of their house. The location of their home was collected when I looked over the first girls mind. Knocking on the door I wait for someone to open the door. The door creaks open and a old man walks out. "May I help you sir?" The man says in a nervous tone. I move to the side so he can catch a view of his daughters. When he sees them his eyes widen with confusion and anger. "What did you do to them?!" " I came to return them. Do not worry those men will never bother you again. Your daughters will not remember anything about me or the men." I grab his forearm and burn a cobra insignia on it. He cries out in pain but just as quickly he stops, the insignia dissapears into his arm leaving no trace of it. " This is insurance so you won't speak of me. The insignia will cause great pain if you try to speak of me. " At first he has look of betrayal on his face but it goes away and he nods in understanding. "Thank you sir, I am forever in your debt." I nod and walk away from him and the girls. After passing a few houses I teleport back to HQ. Once back in front of HQ I take the elevator up to the top floor where my study is. The elevator dings and walk down a hallway and push through some wooden French doors. My study is giant 40x50 feet room, the walls to my sides look like libraries. I have a desk filled with paperwork, and s giant glass window behind it. The floor has red carpet and the room has many couches. Sighing loudly I sit on my chair in front of my desk and start to fill out paperwork. Before I can get started one my report on my latest mission there is a nock on the doors. "Come in." In walks in Beatrice, a werewolf I found in Italy. She has dirty blond hair, light green eyes, lightly tanned skin, and a toned but curvy body. She's one of the most desired women in the association, and what she's wearing it isn't making it easier. Her black long sleeved button shirt shows a large quantity of cleavage. He jeans are showing off her amble butt, and the slight makeup on her face makes her even more beautiful. If I wasn't so uninterested in relationships, I probably would've mariied her. Not only for her looks but her personality. She is loyal, courageous, and most of all humble. "Sir, the payment has been made and the scimtar is locked in the vault." I give her a small smile, a small rosy tint appears on her face. "Thank you Beatrice." "Also sir the new recruits have just finished their training you will need to give speak in the next Ceremony of Ascension." She tells me in a formal tone. "Very well I will start to write it right now." I respond to her in a slightly bored tone. She stands there for a few seconds slightly shifting in nervousness. "Ugh sir, I was wondering why you took so long on your last mission if you don't mind me asking." The room becomes colder and look at her with a serious expression. "I rid the world of some skum, and saved some innocent lives." Her eyes slightly widen but she composes herself. "Very well, thank you for telling me I will take my leave know." He does a slight bow and walks out of the door. I sit back on my chair and pinch the bridge of my nose. Its been a long time since I've took a life. It felt just like before, wrong and shameful. Some part of me feels received that I can still kill without mercy. "Ah. Still as cold and serious as always. Eh Perseus Jackson." My body freezes up and my mind immediately goes into a flashback.