her. She smiled at him kindly before she said again "Are you ready to decide young hero?" Percy looked at her confused "Do you want me dead?" he asked and Hestia frowned "No" she replied simply "why is it you think that" she finished and she saw the angry look on his face "You show me only the negatives of the last few days, yet you think I would wish to continue to live. I left for a reason, I have none. I no longer have a reason to live and yet you beg me to since you appeared in my head. You told me not to kill myself and you led me here in case I did. So why show me the last thing I needed to see?" He questioned harshly "Because there was good in those times, you just focused on the negatives so you couldn't see them. I never meant for you to kill yourself. I just hoped that reliving the moment a second time would allow you to pick out the positives." She said simply, again. "Like what, maybe when my mother died? Oh no wait how about when the love of my life ripped m heart out? Those moments were so damn positive weren't they?!" He said, sarcasm dripping from his words. Hestia looked at him sadly as she nodded. "Look deeper, young hero. How about the fact that your mother left you two siblings before she passed? Did you already forget that your mother was pregnant? And we are gods, and while we are not allowed to save a mortal from Thanatos' clutches, there is no rule stating we can't bring a child into the world, especially if they weren't born yet." She said with a small smile. She continued quickly before Percy could answer "And what about your friends, just because two betrayed you, does that mean the world is about to end. What about the others who are currently searching for you? And let's not forget your mother's dying words Take care of each other . Are you going to leave and make your father break a promise to your mom because you couldn't keep it? That's a little selfish, isn't it?" Hestia finished as she sat back down. "I'll give you five more minutes" She said as she picked up a blue cookie from her plate, both of which appeared out of nowhere. Percy sat next to her and for the first time in a long time, he heard the sound of a beach. He turned and listened to the sound of the waves beating against the shore as his eyes began to water. He turned to Hestia "Are my little siblings ok?" He asked. Hestia smiled at him. "They are in perfect health and Poseidon adopted them, so they have the powers of a demigod each." She replied. Percy's eyes widened as a smiled crawled up his face. Percy turned to Hestia, albeit a bit hesitantly "I'll live, just carry me to my family please" He said as he felt his pocket rattle a bit. He put his hand in his pocket and he pulled out riptide. The blade sprang to life and glowed brightly. He then felt a slight burn on his left shoulder. He winced slightly and rolled up the sleeve to reveal a beautiful tattoo of a wave. The wave looked as though it were about to come tumbling down, but instead the crest evaporated into a fine mist and seemed to rise into the air. Similarly, at the base, it seemed as though the wave was being frozen over as ice started to spread from infront of the wave to about two inches up in its ascent. The middle was still liquefied and rose as a normal wave would; only adding to the beauty of the tattoo. Percy gasped at the sight of it and was so entranced in it; he made to touch the wave. As soon as his skin brushed the tattoo though, his ice blade from Olympus formed in his hand. The blade had a minor change, the ice was now opaque and the water was brilliantly clear instead of the dark blue that it was previously. Percy smiled at the blades in each hand and then at Hestia. "Would you like to become my Champion, Percy Jackson?" Hestia asked as she snapped her fingers and made the surroundings change. Percy then found himself back at the pine tree on top of Half-Blood Hill. "I would be honoured, I could really use some hope right about now, but May I ask why, my lady?" He replied, confused. Hestia put a hand on his shoulder, blessing him with her powers as she stated. "Well that's simple. So whenever you are feeling down you will have the hearth to give you hope" She smiled at him and he nodded. He was about to leave but she pulled him into a hug "You will always be love Perseus and remember Life goes on " she said before she disappeared. Percy smiled at the spot where she stood before he turned and ran into the borders. He now had a purpose again, a reason. He now understood what the fates had in store for him and he would pass the message on as it had been passed on to him. Life goes on, so don't stand there and let it fly past you and go to waste. Keep moving forward. And he certainly intended to do just that… This was a hard one to focus on in the end, I know it's going to have a lot of errors, it's the tenth time I worked on this chapter and I kinda got tired of going through it. I believe I'm officially looking for a beta right now… Whoever wants to, please pm me, otherwise a review is always nice. Hope you all enjoyed this chapter and it's the beginning of something awesome… Until the next chapter -Zed