he had been particularly badly sunburnt faded, as did the redness where the sunburn was less severe. She squeezed his arm gently, trying to gauge his temperature. He was still warmer than he was supposed to be, but he was cooling down. His grip loosened, and his spear, which Clarisse only just noticed he was still holding, clattered to the ground. She was suddenly reminded of another time Chris had helped her. "AAAAARGH! I'm going to KILL those punks!" The Stolls had 'visited' the Ares cabin again. No doubt as payback for their ignominious defeat at Ares' hands during yesterday's capture-the-flag. The casualties this time: a whole bunch of things from everyone, and some of Clarisse' favourite rock CDs. Yeah, sure, she would've beaten up the punks even if they hadn't touched her stuff. But this made it personal. She reached out to grab her spear… … and an electric jolt shot up her arm. She yelled some rather impolite things that will not be reproduced in this document. The Stolls had rewired the spear so that the shaft was electrified too. She glared at the picture of the trickster duo pinned up on the wall, marred beyond recognition by all manner of throwing weapons hurled by angry Ares campers. "STOLL!" she screamed. She stomped out of the cabin only to run into Chris, who had that annoyingly good-looking smile of his on his face, as he normally did. "Hey Clarisse, what's up?" Not even Chris could temper her rage. "WHAT'S UP!?" she roared. "I'LL TELL YOU WHAT'S UP! YOUR IDIOT BROTHERS STOLE OUR STUFF, STOLE MY STUFF, AND MADE MY SPEAR ELECTROCUTE ME! THAT'S WHAT'S UP!" And then he gave her the smile that was tied with his good-looking, everyday smile for 'Most Annoying Facial Expression' in Clarisse' book: the 'audacity-in-the-face-of-an-angry-Clarisse' smile. "Well, I think I know how you can get them back." She scowled. "I'm gonna beat them into a pulp. If you've got any brains at all, you'll stay out of my way." "No, I have a better idea. How 'bout we give them a taste of their own medicine?" Suffice to say, the Stoll brothers were not amused to find themselves drifting in the ocean off the coast of Long Island on crudely-constructed wooden rafts tied together with old, rotting ropes at six-thirty in the morning the next day while Chris and Clarisse watched from the shore. Travis awoke first. "WHERE THE HADES ARE WE?" he screamed. But he was already so far out at sea that Chris and Clarisse could barely hear him. The two of them stood on the beach, laughing their heads off. "BON VOYAGE!" Chris shouted. Connor's raft promptly disintegrated and sank. Their laughter grew even more intense after that, as Travis struggled to rescue his brother and get them both back to land. Clarisse turned to look at her companion, once again noticing how incredibly good-looking he was. And then, she realised that she wasn't entirely sure that she was only smiling because of the Stoll brothers' misfortune. She actually liked being around him, she realised. He made her happy. And there weren't many people who could do that. Clarisse found herself unconsciously reaching out to run her fingers through his hair. She hesitated when she realised what she was doing, but then a part of her told her to continue. She took its advice. Despite his exhaustion and unkempt appearance, Clarisse still thought Chris looked incredibly handsome. Almost as handsome as he looked that time when he…he… Chris and Clarisse walked towards the canoe lake. It had been a hard fight. Athena's children pulled their same dirty tricks and Apollo campers kept shooting people from the trees, but in the end, Ares muscled through it all. "Congrats, Clarisse!" Chris laughed, hugging her. He was one of the few people on Earth who could have gotten away with that. "You did it!" Once again, Clarisse found herself smiling for no apparent reason. The two of them sat in silence by the moonlit lake. "Clarisse, you know, the line-up for today's game…" Chris finally said. "Yeah?" They turned to meet each other's eyes. "It was exactly the same as this other game some time back where I walked in on a girl with an arrow stuck in her fighting three Athena campers." Had he been anyone else, she'd have broken his nose for making fun of her. But instead, she smiled. "Chris…I…I wanted to say…thank you." He blinked. "For what?" "For…for being my friend. None of the other campers are as nice to me as you are." Clarisse wasn't sure what it was. Maybe the way the moonlight played in his eyes. Maybe the way his smile looked particularly bright and warm. Maybe the sudden surge when she realised how close he really was to her. But it was then that she decided to act on those feelings that had been buzzing around inside her for so long. She didn't know how to describe them, and she didn't know what to say, but she definitely knew what she had to do. She leaned in. Chris was starting to say something in reply to her, but his voice died in his throat as he saw her closing in. But before either could do anything, one of Clarisse' siblings burst out from the trees behind them. "Clarisse! Where'd you go?" The two of them turned away from each other, both blushing furiously. But it was only now, with Chris lying in front of her, broken and tired, yet still handsome as ever, that she realised why she kept feeling like this around him. Why she had almost kissed him, back then. The Aphrodite campers would never shut up about it, but she never thought she'd ever feel it. And it was only now that she understood. She ran her fingers through his hair, then trailed her hand down his face, gently stroking his cheek and chin. "I love you, Chris Rodriguez," she whispered tenderly.