with Reyna's, whose frown smoothed out. Thank you , she nodded, leaving the villa. She was almost half the way to the Principia when she heard somebody call her name. She turned around to see Jason running in her direction. "Reyna..!" he panted out when he finally stopped in front of her. Years of peace and not following Camp Jupiter's rigor must have had an effect on his shape. "Can we talk..?" he asked uncertainly. "It won't take long" he assured her hurriedly at the sight of her eyebrows furrowing a little. "Sure, what's the matter?" she asked, resuming her walk, although slowing down to give him an opportunity to have a conversation with her without Octavian panting onto their napes. Jason walked by her side, almost like in the past, but he still hadn't said anything. She was piercing his blue orbs with her own, pitch-black, her curiosity growing stronger with every moment, but he didn't return the gaze. What he had to say must have not been pleasant. "I... I want to ask you a favor" he finally let out in an odd rush. A favor? What could she even do that he himself couldn't? Jason lifted his head and finally met her eyes, his own veiled with the same worry she'd seen earlier. "Just ask" she said quickly, trying not to lose herself in his icy-blue stare and get to the root of that conversation already. She was glad that the hot weather made most of the Romans hide inside so nobody was watching the scene. She wouldn't want her respectability to shake in its placement at the sight of her infatuated little girl's gentleness. "I'd like you to... Could you please have an eye on Leo..?" when he finally said the unspeakable, the question completely threw her off her balance. She stopped suddenly, leaving him a few steps in front of her before he finally realized she wasn't next to himself anymore. " Me ? And why should he even be observed?" she questioned, completely astonished. Aurum and Argentum kept steady, Jason wasn't lying or joking. Her old friend approached her, a grim look on his face, his forehead uptight and his jaw clenched like she'd last seen him during the war. Her expression fell. The situation had to be a lot more serious than she had first thought, if it bothered him that much. "He... Well..." he sighed, resigned. "That's the problem. I don't even know how he is, actually..." he murmured, embarrassed. "I'm supposed to be his best friend and I don't even know how he feels" he smirked bitterly, visibly sorely upset, as opposed to the cheerful source of his bad mood. "And why do you think I would be able to help..?" she asked softly, wanting nothing more than to comfort him, but that wasn't her job. It was Piper's. Jason had his eyes fastened on her orbs, pleading washing over his face and tone when he spoke. "I don't know. I just thought... Maybe if he doesn't want to tell us, he'd tell somebody more... Distant..?" he sighed and run a hand through his choppy blond wisps. "I mean, he keeps saying he's fine but... He doesn't feel the same, you know? Something's changed only... I'm not sure if it's a good thing or-" he broke off suddenly, his eyes widening at the sight of something behind her back. She turned around to see Octavian hastening in their direction. "Praetor" the augur exclaimed in a screechy call, coming to a stop a few meters from them, as if he'd feared he could have contracted some nasty disease if he'd come closer "I need you to tend to an urgent matter at the Principia" he hissed, somehow keeping the high-up tone. Reyna fixed her official unruffled facade and took a quick glance at Jason. "I'll do it" For you , that she didn't add. A new glint of hope showed itself in his eyes. Jason's shoulders relaxed, even if only a bit, and a quiet sigh of relief escaped him. She smiled. That state of mind suited him a lot better. "Thank you" he said quickly before her and Octavian rushed to get back to their work, leaving him in the middle of the labyrinth of quiet pavements of New Rome. She was alert and focused, not only on what Octavian was babbling next to her, but also on Jason's recent words. There was something wrong about his friend, but he didn't quite know what that was. Leo himself acted like nothing had happened but... Wasn't there really anything odd about him earlier? She would have to pay more attention to the Latino and see for herself. After all, if it was for Jason, she'd still do anything. ZJeM, 18.04-12.08.14 From author: *drum rolls* A NEW STORY OF MINE! Well, not that new when you look at when I started... O-O This was supposed to be a looong oneshot, but, seeing just how much of a monster it's been getting and for how super long it's gonna be written to have everything I want it to, I decided to chop it into a multichapter. Also, I was supposed to post it on the Free Week, but there was " Alejate " and then all the jazz with my hospital stay... I simply forgot. I can't promise there will be regular updates, even though I have some of the later story written already. Ya know, being a lazy, busy asshole I am... It's not possible. Also, chapters may very in length, I don't check if they're the same. So, enough of the babble. How did you like it so far? Personally, I'm always squealing in my mind, writing this openly sexy Leo. c: Oh, and, as you've probably already noticed, this takes place some time in the future and I have to say, HoO has happened … You know, HoH with its Caleo and all… Just wait and see. :D THANKS FOR READING!