20 while Nico was 18. Percy had gotten a job at the Sea World in Manhattan while Nico went to school. One night, Nico had come home from school to Percy. Since Percy didn't come home until dinner. The moment Nico walked through the door, he was pulled into his boyfriend's arms. For a moment, Nico was confused. "Why are you home so early, mio bello?" he asked. About a year ago, Nico had gotten back into his mother's tongue as a way to remember her. "No reason, babe." He said nuzzling Nico's neck. Nico chuckled. "Really?" he asked wrapping his arms around the taller male's neck. "Why so affectionate today?" "What? Am I not allowed to show my affection for my boyfriend?" He asked hugging the son of Hades closer. "You always make me laugh, mi amore." The Italian chuckled. Percy guided him into the kitchen where a lasagna was laid out on the table along with two plates and two sets of silverware. There were also two wine glass and a bottle of wine on the table as well. "What's all this?" Nico asked. "I just wanted to do something for you." Percy said pulling out Nico's chair. Nico smiled and sat down while Percy sat down across from him. Percy opened the bottle of wine and poured it into the two glasses. He held his glass up to his boyfriend and Nico did the same. "Happy Anniversary, Nico." He said. "Happy Anniversary Percy." They drank and ate. After dinner, Percy led Nico into their little living room. "Nico, these past couple of years have been the best years of my life. Sure, we've had bumps in the road like every relationship. But that's what makes this relationship stronger. I love everything about you. From your smile to your brown eyes. You mean the world to me. But even that wouldn't make sense because you are my world." Percy dropped down to one knee and took Nico's hand in his own. "Nico Di Angelo, the love of my life. I never want to leave your side. Nico Di Angelo, will you marry me?" Percy took out a little black velvet box and opened it. In it was a beautiful ring with a large diamond surrounded my smaller sapphires, rubies and diamonds. Nico had covered his mouth with his right hand. He nodded frantically. "Yes. Yes." He said as Percy took the ring out and slid it on Nico's left ring finger. Percy stood up and gathered Nico into his arms, lifting him up and spinning him around. Nico smiled and laughed as he was being spun around. His feet touched the ground and Percy joined their lips together. They broke apart and Percy started kissing down Nico's neck. Nico let out a moan and closed his eyes. Percy bit down on the spot where his shoulder and neck met. Nico whimpered. "Are you alright with this? We can wait until we get married." Percy said. Nico nodded "I'm fine" he said. Percy smiled and carried Nico to their bedroom. He set Nico down then joined their lips again. Percy kissed down Nico's neck while removing Nico's shirt. After both their shirts were removed, Percy kissed down Nicos' chest. Nico let out a moan as Percy took a nipple into his mouth and sucked. Percy's hand wandered up and down Nico's back, stroking the olive skin. "Oh Percy!" Nico sighed as he felt Percy's tongue on his nipple. Percy stopped and looked at him, silently asking for permission to go further. Nico nodded and Percy started undoing Nico's pants. He slid them off and threw them aside along with his own pants and boxers. Nico looked down and blushed. Percy wrapped his hand around Nico's member and pumped slowly. Nico moaned and threw his head back. Percy gained speed and Nico's eyes rolled to the back of his head. Soon his mouth replaced his hand. Nico moaned and bucked into Percy's mouth. Percy bobbed his head up and down. His tongue licked the head. "F-Fuck, Percy!" Nico moaned. "I'm so close." Nico moaned Percy's name as he came in Percy's mouth. Percy swallowed every last drop of the salty substance. Percy let go of Nico's member with a small pop. Nico looked at Percy with half-lidded eyes filled with lust. Percy's retrieves a bottle of lube and spread it on his fingers before circling Nico's entrance. "This might hurt a bit at first. If you feel uncomfortable, tell me and I'll stop." Percy said gently kissing Nico's lips to show reassurance. "It's ok. I trust you." "I don't want to hurt you." "You won't and you never will." Nico reassured him. Percy nodded and inserted one finger into Nico's entrance. Percy waited for Nico to adjust to the feeling before moving slowly. Nico hissed at the pain but soon, pleasure took its place. "Oh shit." He said "That feels so good." Percy inserted another finger and started to stretch him out. Percy started to move faster. Nico moaned loudly as Percy moved his fingers. Soon Percy removed his fingers and looked at Nico for permission to go ahead. Nico nodded. Percy lubed up his member, which was probably a little bigger than Nico's then slid the head in slowly. He waited for Nico to get adjusted, then slid the rest in. "Shit." Nico moaned "Holy fuck." He moved in rhythm to Percy's thrusts. "Harder. Faster." Percy obeyed Nico's commands. "I'm so close, Nico." Percy said as he came in Nico. Nico came as well. Percy slumped beside Nico on the bed, panting. He pulled Nico close and kissed Nico's temple. "That was amazing." He said as Nico snuggled into him. "You are amazing." Nico smiled and said "So were you." He snuggled against Percy's chest and fell asleep. Percy smiled and tucked a hair behind Nico's ear. "I love you, my ghost king." He whispered before letting sleep take him. Both boys fell asleep with smiles on their faces.