heart, but Perseus knocked the blade aside with his sword and stepped in close to the Trojan before slitting the Trojan's throat with his hunting knife. Everyone was too engrossed in the story to notice someone hiding in the shadows. I narrowed my eyes trying to get the persons face but they disappeared. He allowed his hunting knife to keep going, deflecting a downward strike from the third Trojan. Perseus stabbed his sword into the Trojan's neck and vaulted over the Trojan's body as he fell to the ground. Perseus blocked a strike from the last Trojan and grabbed an arrow from his quiver. He slammed it upwards into the Trojan's jaw. He then retrieved his sword and faced the other Trojans. "Their dead" Athena commented interrupting her own reading. Everyone nodded knowingly. The other Trojans stared at him in shock before charging. "Idiots, they need to be put in their place" I muttered. Perseus ducked under one strike and sidestepped another while swinging his sword, slashing across a Trojan's throat. At the same time, he held his knife under his arm, blocking a blow to his side. Perseus lunged and kicked a Trojan back before spinning around and finishing off another Trojan. A spear stabbed at him, but Perseus sidestepped and threw his knife into the Trojan's eye. The Trojan screamed in pain and dropped his spear, which Perseus caught and stabbed into the Trojan's chest before hurling it at another Trojan. Perseus grabbed his knife and ripped it out of the Trojan's head, covering his hand with blood, but he ignored it and advanced. "Awesome!" Shouted all the immature gods in the room. Perseus looked like he was close to puking, along with that satyr. Perseus then threw his sword horizontally. "Like that's going to work" I said. The blade ripped through the neck of one Trojan and impaled itself in the chest of another . I was speechless "But…but…" I stuttered. Apollo starting laughing hysterically, Hermes him a warning look on what's going to happen, "Apollo, you don't want this" I threatened, playing with my bow string. Perseus drew another hunting knife and blocked a strike. Without looking, he spun around and cut a spear in half before ducking and dodging a swing to the head. Perseus jumped back and stabbed upwards, killing one Trojan. He used his other knife to block a spear and rolled forward. He quickly stood up and slit a Trojan's throat before hurling his knife at the second Trojan. He jumped towards the Trojan and grabbed his knife, kicking the Trojan back. "Why does he just refer to them as the Trojan, why not something else" Annabeth asked. She didn't get a reply, I think she not speak up for a while. The pathway was clear. Perseus ran towards the temple of Apollo and ran up the stairs. He sheathed his knives and grabbed his bow, nocking an arrow. He quickly released it. It flew straight into the temple and hit the blade of a Myrmidon's sword, knocking it out of the warrior's hand and onto the tile floor. "Traitor!" I screamed with most gods. Achilles appeared from the temple and looked at Perseus. Perseus walked up to him. "Tell your men to let the priests go. I'd rather not have to fight this war with Apollo trying to kill us at every chance he gets." "Oh". I glanced at Apollo, he had a very large grin on his face, until he suddenly frowned "I thought they ransacked my temple, I even went there to check". "Maybe Achilles didn't but Agamemnon did" Hephaestus suggested. Achilles nodded. He waved for his soldiers to retreat. "And the gold and jewels?" "Please don't take that" My brother prayed and prayed, to who or what I don't know. "Leave that as well. They belong to the temple of Apollo and should remain here." "Yes!" Apollo screamed. I looked at him like he was crazy. Perseus slung his bow and watched as the Myrmidons cleared out from the temple. Achilles and Perseus followed them. Perseus looked at the beach while the Myrmidons set up camp. "It seems that Agamemnon's army has finally arrived." The army of Agamemnon quickly set up their camps and a large tent for Agamemnon was raised. I rolled my eyes. Eudoros came up to Achilles. "My lord, we've captured a girl." Alert I leaned forward wanting to know what will happen, if he defiles her I swear… He led Achilles and Perseus to Achilles' tent and held the leather flaps to the side, allowing the two to enter. Eudoros glanced at Perseus a little nervously. "We thought she would...entertain you." He left the tent. My jaw dropped, so he was that kind of boy, like he was ever my 'friend'. Achilles glanced at Perseus, who rolled his eyes. "Don't do anything stupid or I'll have your head," Perseus warned. He left the tent and walked towards the temple of Apollo. He sat down next to the statue of Apollo and gazed at the walls of Troy. Out of the corner of my eye I saw my brother staring off into space. He imagined what it would be like to live there, protected by walls built by Poseidon himself and guarded by the finest army of the east, led by one of the greatest warriors of the lands, Hector. "Troy got destroyed because they decided to keep a wooden horse" Hermes muttered. Perseus leaned back against the marble steps and sighed. With no one around, he held out his hand. A shimmering miniature scythe the size of his hand formed above it, hovering in the air. It faded out of existence. Immediately everyone erupted into chaos, "A son of Kronos, impossible", "That's why it's called forbidden warrior, son of Kronos and friend of Artemis" "Let's just continue on to the next chapter" Hephaestus yawned uninterested. If you guys like this story and want me to continue, follow, favorite, review, answer on the poll, anything.