I woke to Hazels face near mine and a lot of concerned crew mates shouting randomly surprised at the commotion I jumped up hitting Hazels head with mine "Oww" we shouted in unison "Oh thank the gods you are alright there was a bunch of snake dudes on board and then piper started singing and now her and Jason are off trying to sneak up on the giants and stuff, did you know Piper is a really good singer?" Leo shouted sounding very freaked out about the whole arrangement. "Dude what happened Frank asked "I don't know just kinda fell asleep, bad dream" I suggested "Whatever it was it doesn't matter Jason and Piper gave the signal, this war ends now" Leo announced running to fire off the ballista. He had no clue how wrong he was. As we neared the battle field I leapt off of the Argo II and landed on the Enchilada dudes head and slid down his dread locks onto his shoulders he was currently fighting with Piper. Trying hard to balance, I snuck around to his face still un noticed drew Riptide and sunk it deep into his neck then swung across his shoulders slicing his throat and calling on the gods they instantly appeared and joined the battle Zeus finishing of the food dude as he collapsed I jumped down to check on Piper "Hoa that was like" She made an Explosion gesture with her hands I nodded and ran off to join the fight. I was met with a dracaena stabbing at me with a spear I sidestepped and decapitated her. Moving on to 6 earthborn which all got decapitated or stabbed through the gut some way or the other. As I neared the giant Hippolytus the ground trembled while he stomped "you dare Challenge me Demigod!" The giant roared "Sure" I replied and jumped into action. He tried stabbing at me with an oversized toothpick of a spear but I just dogged each strike running around his legs stabbing at his knees causing him to roar out in pain Ichor dripping from his wounds "Ahhgg I will kill you Demigod!" his spear dropped to the ground for a moment so I grabbed It as Hippolytus yanked it up shooting my like a rocket strait at its face with Riptide strait in front of me I smashed into his forehead driving my blade deep into its brain while my father shot him with a beam of light from his trident. Most of the fight went by in a flash just duck, stab, call a god over move to the next Giant. By the near end I had killed (With the assistance of a god and or goddess) about 5 Giants. It was nearing sunset when I heard the scream. I turned in a flash to see Hazel being pinned down by a large Dracaena "Let this be the blood to spill on Olympus! Let us Wake Mother Earth!" Porphyrion Yelled I looked around to see Jason hiding behind a rock with a huge gash in his leg there was a lot of blood. As the giant king raised his scepter to kill her I ran and leapt into the air using the water vapor in the atmosphere to compel me. I landed on the Giants arm and grabbed at his scepter stabbing his fingers causing him to drop it there was yelling but I couldn't hear it all I saw was red I jumped onto his head and stabbed his eye then let go of his hair and grabbed riptide with both hands slicing through the giant's heart as he gagged clutching his guts as we fell out of him I shot a blast of pure energy not needing a god to kill him. "Y….y..you haven..nt won yet…." Porphyrion murmured as he died but at the last moment before his death the Giant king grabbed for his scepter aiming a full powered blast at Hazel…. Hazel Pov I closed my eyes and waited for death to come but it never did I opened my eyes curious to see what had happened only to see the monster holding me down had been turned to ash and Percy lying mangled and burnt. "Percy!" I shouted jumping to his side all the gods where staring in awe. "Do something, anything, Sane him!" I commanded desperately hoping that there was any way for him to live but seeing his current state that hope grew smaller and smaller every second. "Hazel" he rasped "Yes" I whispered crawling over to him "Don't lose hope help the others get to camp half-blood save them" I didn't want to save them I just wanted to save him. "There has to be some way to save you" I whimpered tears rolling down my cheeks. "There isn't, The Fates have spoken they have already cut my life string" He gasped. I could see the pain in his eyes. "Don't go, Please don't leave me" I sobbed I looked down at his fading sea green eyes. He raised his hand which was caked in blood and sand and pulled me down until our lips met. One kiss that's it his dried cracked lips on mine that feeling was all I was left with, he let me go and gave me one last look as if he was apologizing and then they closed. Forever HI GUYS, FIRST CHAPTER RE-WRITTEN FROM THE STORY, HOPE YOU REMEMBER IT IF YOU HAD ALREADY READ IT OR HOPE YOU LIKED IF IT IS THE FIRST, THIS IS GOING TO BE QUICK WITH THE FIRST 4 CHAPTERS BUT IT WILL SLOW DOWN AFTER THAT SINCE I HAVE TO WRITE THEM WITH THE SAME DIRECTION OF LOLSauce. REMEMBER REVIEW AND FOLLOW AND MAYBE I PUBLISH THE OTHER 3 CHAPTERS ALREADY RE-WRITTEN AT THE SAME TIME DEPENDS ON YOU THANK FOR READING GUYS :D REVIEW :D REVIEW :D REVIEW :D REVIEW :D REVIEW :D REVIEW :D REVIEW :REVIEW :D ME SIGNING OFF