strong on her own now. He was already dead; there was nothing she could do. The most shocked out of the group was Selina. Her eyes were tricking her. He wasn't dead. He promised he wouldn't die before her. He was invincible. Once, after a quest to destroy a group of stray werewolf, Percy had saved her. She was glad she had survived her first quest, but her body wouldn't stop trembling. She was terrified of death. Percy, now partly responsible of her well-being, slept in the same tent that night. He assured her that he would protect her from the nightmare that would surely come. He wrapped her in his strong arms and fell asleep beside her. However, this much contact was alien to her. She couldn't even glue her eyes shut. She poked Percy in the cheek; waking him. His sea green eyes made her hold her breath. It was a gorgeous sight. She couldn't help herself. She was a nerve wreck. She was cuddling with an older guy; the Percy Jackson no less. Yeah she was a friend of his, but they had never been this close. Yet she felt compelled to ask a question totally out of place. 'What would you do if I died' is a question you don't usually ask of anyone because you probably don't plan to die any time soon. Yet Percy answered in all seriousness how depressed he would be. It was something intimate not many would say aloud. It was hard for her to believe him. She didn't believe she was worth the trouble, but that only made the flame in Percy's eyes lit stronger. She always had problems with her father. She was even ashamed of her last name. She never knew her mother was alive. And her sisters were shallow airheads who glorified make-up. There was no one she had believed in before. Thus, his words reached deep into her heart. She felt a connection to him, but that also meant he was a weakness. Demigods die young; it was a fact. She didn't want to watch him die, which made her ask for something unreasonable. 'don't die before me'. He accepted with a smile that made her heart flutter. Tears streamed down her face as she remembered his words. Sorrowful screams left her lips as she watch Percy's body grow limp. In that moment, something broke within her, something that couldn't be fixed or mended. Percy, you liar. Epilogue The Tartaric war that was supposed to be the harshest war for the gods finished before it even started thanks to a brave (reckless) demi-hero that sacrificed himself to destroy the armies of Tartarus and sent the Primordial himself back to sleep. A statue of Percy Jackson was constructed in the center of the council in Olympus and the deceased hero received the title of "The Greatest Hero Ever to Live." Artemis, the no longer virgin goddess, gave birth to Perseus, god of tides and lunar phase. She and her husband agreed that their first son would be named after her lost brother. After marrying Artemis, her husband was made a god and part of the council along with other minor gods to keep the balance. His name won't be disclosed due to copyright. Bianca was named the new goddess of Virginity, in Artemis's position, and became the new lieutenant of the hunters of Artemis. While the hunter didn't take the chastity vow anymore, Bianca made sure they weren't able to think about anything else except hunting and protecting their sisters. Selina disappeared after the death of Percy Jackson. Rumors said that her mother had taken pity on her and had granted one of her wishes. Some said she had been granted godhood as the goddess of broken oath and became the assistant of the goddess Styx. This was the story of a broken Percy Jackson, one that lost all hope. One that lost all his mortals anchors. His soul was trapped in the pit; unable to escape for eternity. Tartarus didn't kill him, his indecisiveness did. It was something that most of his alternate versions could easily do, but not him. There was no one to cover his back, no one who, in his mind, accepted him fully. He was doomed to doubt others forever; that was his eternal punishment. A flaw most of us, mortals, have. Sup guys! How angsty I was when I wrote this crap. Well actually, I wrote the first part about two months ago…exactly on June 16…the rest I wrote it today. Yeah crappy day…I will let you decide what happened. No, I'm not going to kill myself. That a fact. I know it's not my style. I am sure I usually am more jokes than anything else, but I was down and I started to write automatically. Today I wrote about 2/3 and edited those incoherent parts. This is not beta-ed so I don't have a second opinion. I am back to being active. Somewhat. For those who know about The Search of a New Star , I rewrote chapter 8, now it is a 13k ass long chapter. Sadly, the graphic card of my current laptop burnt. Now I have to wait 10 days to fix it, if fixable. Pray for my laptop, that way I will be able to publish faster. This one-shot was saved in my one drive folder so I easily continued. I'm currently using my old laptop; a 2007 Dell (I lost the 'M' key, it's very awkward to work like this) with Window Vista which servers are about to be discontinued by everything. Spotify barely works. So I may work on chapter 9 of Star or finish chapter 8 of Shadow Guardian. Like it or hate it, review your opinion…even flames are good to mass reviews. Therefore, do so if you wish. Important Song While Writing: Ruins by Ryder Review, Follow, and Favorite guys or I'm going to get very angsty again! See ya soon!