his penis and was sliding it into Mike's waiting mouth. Jacob just stared at the boy was being penetrated at both ends. Suddenly, Jacob felt a cool hand on his back. Startled, he turned, and found himself staring into Rob's blue-grey eyes. Jacob had completely forgotten him. Jacob's slight hesitation allowed Rob to pull Jacob's hands behind his back and bend him forward. Jacob yelled in shock and anger, but no one was there to hear, and Edward and Taylor were too occupied to interfere. For all his looks, Rob was strong. As he was, Jacob knew that he could not overpower Rob, but shifting into wolf form, Jacob was stronger than anyone, but for possibly a vampire or another wolf. He tried to shift, but found that he couldn't. Jacob's eyes widened in shock as he realised there was no way out of his predicament. He could feel Rob's warm body positioned behind him, and especially, Rob's hard penis breeding against his crack. With one hand still holding Jacob's arms together, Rob reached down, and slid a finger down Jacob's crack until it rested on Jacob's hole. "Just relax", Jacob heard the pale actor drawl. Slowly, Rob began to force a finger inside Jacob. Jacob tried to stop it, to push the finger out, but he was unsuccessful. There was nothing he could do at this moment. Unwillingly, Jacob relaxed, allowing Rob easier access. That way, it would be over quicker. Rob quickly added another finger, sliding them in and out, deeper each time. All of a sudden, Jacob felt Rob's fingers touch something inside him, some bundle of nerves that he never knew existed. Stars swam in front of his eyes as he felt a wave of pleasure run through him. Rob thrust his fingers in a few more times before withdrawing them completely. Jacob sighed in relief. But that feeling turned into terror as he felt something that was way too thick to be a finger poking at his entrance. Jacob gabbled protests, trying to convince Rob to stop, but it was no use. Slowly, but surely, Rob pushed his penis inside of Jacob. When it was fully inside he left it there. Jacob could feel the pressure inside him. "Move", he said, through gritted teeth, barely believing what he was saying. Rob didn't move. Jacob whined again but to no avail. He tried to pull away, but before he got more that. A few centimetres away, Rob pulled him back harshly. "If you want movement", he said, "you need to do the moving." Jacob's face was red with embarrassment. But he couldn't stay there. In a stalemate between him and Rob, Jacob knew that he would be the first to capitulate. He knew he couldn't stand the pressure inside him for much longer. Defeated and ashamed, Jacob began to slowly pull away again. Just as before, when Jacob nearly pulled off Rob's penis, Rob violently jerked him back. This time, Rob's penis hit that sweet spot inside of him, causing Jacob to see stars again. But now Jacob had worked out the rules. He could go at his own pace, as long as he didn't pull too far away. Soon Jacob settled into a rhythm. He would pull away, until just before Rob pulled him back, and then slowly impale himself on Rob's penis again. He looked up at the other boys. Edward and Taylor were still using Mike as their plaything. Taylor was thrusting in and out of Mike's mouth, while Edward was using Mike's arse. Both were leaning forward over Mike's back and kissing each other. This continued for a number of minutes. The only sounds were those of the moans, groans and gasps of the four boys. Suddenly, Edward pulled out his penis from Mike. "I'm cumming!" he yelled. A few tugs later, Edward came on Mike's back. Not long later, Taylor reach the edge. He removed his penis from Mike's mouth, and shot his load over Mike's face. The sight of the frozen boy covered in cum and with his mouth and arse open as Edward and Taylor had left them seemed to take Rob past the point of no return. He grabbed Jacob and pulled him so that his penis was deeply embedded in Jacob, and with a shudder, Rob came inside of him. Jacob finally pulled away and turned to face Rob to tell at him. Then all of a sudden, he felt a tingle run down his arm, the same one with which he had originally touched the mirror. Before he could warn the other three boys, the world shifted. Jacob staggered. He felt like he had fallen asleep on his feet. He righted himself quickly. He seemed to remember a dream of sorts… but it was fading. Jacob looked up, and was caught in Edward's golden eyes. He stared. Behind him, Jacob heard a yell. He turned quickly. Mike Newton was lying on the floor near them. It looked like he had been getting undressed when he had just fallen over, for no apparent reason. Mike was just lying there, clutching his arse. He seemed to have bruised himself as he fell. "Go have shower", Edward said to Mike coldly, disdain in his voice. "You seem to be covered in some white muck." He turned back to Jacob and raised an eyebrow. "Well?" he said. "Have you considered my offer to check me out?" Unwillingly, Jacob's eyes were drawn down, past Edward tight muscles to his groin. Jacob reddened when he saw that Edward was a full mast, his penis jutting out from his body. Edward took a step forward, forcing Jacob to back into the lockers. "I'm not the only one who got excited by this conversation", he said, reaching down with one hand to cup Jacob's genitals through his towel. To Jacob's horror, he realised that he was also hard. Edward looked deep into Jacob's eyes. "Let's see what we can do with this", he said.