closer to her. "Then?" "Then… I meet a guy. Ricky, he seemed so nice at first. He more or less pretended to be my Prince Charming and came in sweeping me off my feet." She let out a sour laugh "After a while I stupidly trusted him telling him what I use to do for a living and before I knew it, he was turning me out." I looked at her with wide eyes. "Turns out, dude was a pimp! Can you believe my luck?" She leaned her had against the wall. I didn't know what to say, the only reason that Candy was even a hooker to begin with was because her step father pushed her into when she was thirteen. He needed money and used Candy. She hated it do much. "What happened after that?" I asked her softly. She turned to look at me. "What do you think? I took that first opportunity I got and got the hell out of there." I leaned over and hugged her tightly. She laid her had on my shoulder and began to cry. "I'm so fucking stupid." She sobbed. "No you're not." I was stoking her blond hair. "Remember, you're the one that helped me get my GED." I smiled at the memory of her following me around asking me all sorts of different questions while I waited tables during my night shift at a local diner. "You're the smarted person I know." I said seriously. "Shut up." She pushed me away jokingly while laughing and wiping the tears out of her eyes. "We both deserve so much better than this." I smiled sadly at her know that she was right. We just sat there in a sad silence for a couple of minutes. "You know what," Candy said out of nowhere. "I'm done with all of this bullshit!" She stood up putting her hands on her hips. "What are you talking about now?" I asked seriously confused. "THIS!" She gestured all around herself. "Feeling sorry for myself, living in shithole places like this." " Thanks ." I said sarcastically. "Oh shut up, you know what I mean." And I really did. "For years we've been talking about what it would be like if our lives had turned out differently. If your mom never left, if mine had never died, blah blah blah, life sucks. Well I'm so sick of the what if's, it's time for some of them to become a reality!" She had a very serious look on her face. "And how do you plan on doing that" She just smirked at me. "I'm going back to school." She said determinedly. My jaw fell open. "Oh my god, are you serious?" "I'm as serious as butter on toast. And why the hell should I not go back to school? I mean I got my GED too, I could find a good community college and do something with my life." I was starting to get excited for her. "I'm going to get a real job, no guys this time, save up some money then start classes next fall." She was pacing my room while trying to plan out her future. "Maybe I could be a nurse, or a teacher, I always wanted to be a teacher." I jumped up and sopped her pacing. "I'm so proud of you." She smiled widely at me. "You should go too!" She grabbed my hands excitedly. "Oh no, college is not for me. But I'll be here the whole way for you." "I'm really going to do this." "Yes you are. By the way, where are you living now?" I don't think that she would have moved back in with her stepfather but you never know. "You see," She let out a nervous laugh "That's the funny part. I don't have a place to stay yet. I had literally just gotten back into town when I came to find you so… yeah." "You're staying with me." "Oh no, Bella I'm fine. I'm sure that I can find a place to crash." "Don't be stupid, you're staying here." "I thought you said I was smart." She joked. "Shut up. But seriously dude, you're staying with me whether you like it or not." "Fine." She said in defeated. "But I'm warning you now, I'm a terrible roommate." "I'll bet that you're better than Charlie." She walked over to the mirror that I had hanging on my wall. "How is he anyways?" She asked while fixing her hair. "Dead." I replied simply laying back on my bed. "What?" She turned to look at me. "I said that he's dead." "Oh my god, are you okay?" She asked worriedly. I just shrugged my shoulders. "I'm fine, I was throwing all of his shit away when you showed up. Honestly it's a relief to be rid of him." "I know what it was like between you two but still, he was your dad." She sat down next to me. "He hasn't been my dad for years." Which was very true, the real Charlie had left with my mom nine years ago. "Well if you're sure you're okay…" I sat up to look at her. "I'm fine." She smiled. "Okay, but we gotta go shopping tomorrow cause I got nothing. I left all of my clothes back in New York. All I brought was my money." I just shook my head at her. "What? I was trying to make a quick getaway, if I had taken all of my shit with me Ricky would have noticed that I was gone." It was good to have Candy back. So what did you guys think? Was it good, bad? Let me know what you think in a review. I currently do not have a beta but I'm thinking about getting one so if you know someone who is good or if you're interested then let me know. The more reviews that I get the sooner I'll update ;) Thanks for reading!