you uncomfortable?" He doesn't seemed troubled by the thought in the least. "A little bit, yeah." I decide to go for blunt. I glance up at his stunning eyes and flawless smile and determine that his ego wouldn't bruise if I hit it repeatedly with a blunt axe. "Why's that? You're the one who ran in to me this morning, and you're the one who asked me for a drink right now." Casanova's got a point. I set my drink down and look up at him, my confidence returning a little now that the initial shock of seeing him again has worn off. "To be fair, neither was on purpose." "That's a shame." He smirks at my silence and sticks a hand out. "I'm Edward." I place my hand in his and am slightly surprised to feel calluses poke into my skin. How many New York City bartenders have hands that reflect years of manual labor? I am thankful that he doesn't try that cliché kiss on the back of the hand, though. A quick glance at his soft-looking lips makes me reconsider. "Bella Swan." "What are you doing here in New York, Bella?" He folds his arms on to the bar counter and leans in on his elbows. He doesn't seem to care that the bar is getting a bit more crowded and people could use his help. "Visiting a friend." I take another sip of my martini and his eyes follow my lips. I shoot him a knowing look when his gaze returns to my eyes. His responding grin is unapologetic. "And what do you do?" "I write." "You're a writer?" He leans forward in seemingly genuine interest. His eyes flicker to my journal. I smile wryly. "I'm trying to be." "So you're not published yet." "I have four novels out." His brows furrow in confusion. I bite my lip and fiddle with the stem of my glass, reluctant to go into this with anyone, let alone a stranger. "I don't like what I'm writing, so I don't count them." He frowns. "Why are you writing things that you don't like?" I meet his gaze. "I wish I knew." He studies my face carefully and leans forward. "Is that why you're in New York - to figure it out?" "I guess so. I'm a little lost." I laugh humorlessly. He smiles and reaches out to push a lock of hair behind my ear. His touch is gentle and it doesn't even feel like a come-on. It's hesitant but purposeful, like one stranger comforting another. I think I stop breathing. "Being lost isn't such a bad place to be." He tells me softly. "Don't pity yourself so much. Pity the poor bastards that have their lives figured out; they have nowhere to go." My brows furrow and for some reason, what he says makes sense to me. I feel like I'm in a trance as he leans in even further, his hand still on my cheek. His breath washes over me, minty and cool. My heart should be beating a mile a minute, but it's surprisingly calm. Throwing caution to the wind, I lean in. "Edward, where are our drinks? We've been waiting for ages; Seth's chewing on ice." A feminine voice shoves me out of my trance. I immediately pull away and his hand falls from my face. The smooth jazz from speakers in the bar floods my ears again and I remember where I am. "Sorry, Jess, I got distracted." I hear Edward say. I glance to my right to see a beautiful brunette leaning on the bar. She's taller than me, with olive skin and stunning hazel eyes. She looks over at me when Edward gestures in my direction. She smiles tightly, but not unkindly. "Sorry to interrupt." "Um, no. Not at all." I grab my bag and shove my journal into it. "I actually have to get going." "Bella, wait-" "Have a nice evening." I hop off my barstool and walk as fast as my boots and tipsy ass will allow me. As soon as I'm out of the lounge, I nearly sprint over to the elevators and jam the call button repeatedly. "Bella, hang on a second!" I sigh and pinch the bridge of my nose before turning around to see Edward jog over towards me. He slows down and stares at me with a slightly confused expression. "Why did you run out of there?" I frown. "Why should I have stayed?" He raises an eyebrow. "Because we were talking?" "Oh, is that what we were doing?" I sigh when he crosses his arms and narrows his eyes at me. "Look, I'm not really myself right now. Like I said, I'm lost and I'm in a city that I've only seen in movies…not to mention, I've been drinking since one in the afternoon." He chuckles a little at that. I plow on. "You need to know that I don't usually kiss people on the same day that I meet them. I really need to focus right now and I don't think you're good for that. So thank you for the drink and for the advice, but I think we should just say goodbye." In perfect timing, the elevator behind me dings to announce its arrival. While I was speaking, Edward had shoved his hands in his pockets and had begun studying me with an amused smile. At the end of my rant, he takes a few slow, calculated steps towards me. He fixes me with the same penetrating gaze that gave me chills this morning. "You really are something, aren'tya." He chuckles and shakes his head. He gives me one last once over. Then he turns on his heel and walks off. • A/N: Canon, HEA, and no cheating. This story will be updated weekly until it reaches the end of Part 1; after a small break, the chapters of Part 2 will be updated similarly. Thanks for reading, and I hope you enjoy!