with just tomato or ghost, you had to combine them?" I whisper back annoyed. She smiles. "I think someone has the hots for the new guy" she notes. I snort but blush against my will. Damn that blush. "It's not like I know the guy. Right now all we know is that he's a..." I trail off. "Hot piece of ass?" Rose fills in. I sigh. No words have ever been truer. Edward Cullen really is a hot piece of ass. In the same moment I decide I don't like him very much. I mean he is provocatively attractive plus he has already slept with one woman at Stanley Projects who happens to be the c.e.o. Obviously he's a manipulative womanizer and probably a smug one I note judging by the way he smiles suddenly when Jessica mentions his name. He just loves the sound of his own name! Jesus. I scoff irritatedly under my breath. When the meeting is over and I make sure that Edward Cullen has left the room, I run upstage to the podium and gaze out in the audience. To my fear I notice that the rest of the room doesn't look quite so dimly lit from up stage. That means he saw me pretty clearly and will probably recognize me as the woman who rolled her eyes at him. Damn it ! But I ask myself, what does it matter? He'll probably be right in assuming I don't like him very much so what does it matter if I rolled my eyes at him or not? Right? Right ? I find myself doubting. Crap! "Bella what are you doing at the podium? You look like you're looking for someone." I look in the direction of the voice. Angela is standing right below the stage peering up at me from behind her glasses. Bless Angela. She's one of my favorite co-workers because she puts up with my quirkiness. " You, I was looking for you!" I lie and sound real excited about finding her. Angela looks slightly confused but shrugs her shoulders. "Well here I am. Should we go?" she asks. Okay, so now I'm confused. I see Rose waiting in the doorway looking at me expectantly. "Are you done with the podium Bella?" she questions. "We were supposed to meet in the Newman-project room?" Angela reminds me. Problem is I don't remember it at all. I knew all that ogling had to come with some consequences. I had no idea what Angela was talking about but apparently Rose had heard about it too because she didn't look at all confused. I leave the podium and together we go to the fifth floor where we have our project room. That's when I discover I've left my notepad in the assembly room. Damn it. So I take the elevator down again and get my freakin' notepad and then go up again. Finally I reach our office space. I'm the last one one and when I try to close the door behind me I forget I can't multitask so I drop my notepad and out flies all the loose papers I've stuffed in between the papers. "Just like Mondays should be like right?" I joke. Angela laughs and Rosalie rolls her eyes at me but smiling at the same time. They're so used to my clumsy ways by now that that's all they can do. On my team we are a total of three people. A bit strange considering the Newman-project is the biggest project we've had in a long time, but I guess it makes sense too. Angela, Rose and I are the best suited architectures for this particular project and to add some more people to this just because doesn't seem like a great idea. But as I look across the room I notice that there's now a fourth person in our team. It's none other than Edward Cullen. He must notice my poorly hidden surprise. He's not smiling but there's a gleam in his eyes I can only interpret as he's finding something rather amusing. Probably me and the fact that I've forgotten to close my jaw. Great. He must think I have no control over my myself at all. First I roll my eyes at him and now I can't seem to close my jaw. Get a grip I tell myself. "Oh right, Edward Cullen is it?" I say casually. "Will you be joining us today?" I ask hoping his answer will be no because I can't handle having him in the room looking like that, and then the fact that I out of accident rolled my eyes at him. Before Edward Cullen can answer for himself, Angela answers for him. "Actually Bella, Edward is going to work with us on the Newman-project" she says smiling a little. What the hell ?! Instinctively I look at Rose and she's hiding her mouth with her hand. I just know that she's smiling widely behind it probably trying to keep from laughter. Damn her! Then I look at Edward Cullen who is smiling a bit. "That means you'll be with us until..." I trail off. His green eyes are boring into my very soul. There's some wicked kind of gleam in them and I feel completely lost. "The project is finished, yes" he fills in looking at me searchingly as if he's awaiting my reaction. That could be a very long time. My own words from earlier echoes in my mind " Why can't exciting things ever happen on Mondays? Something out of the ordinary ?". This is most definitely out of the ordinary because suddenly I can't see how tomorrow is going down at all and it's freakin' terrifying! I manage to plaster a wide smile on my face hoping it looks natural enough. Just answer casually Swan, I tell myself. "Great!" I answer but even to my own ears my voice is high pitched and nervous. Oh God. How do I survive this?!