felt something brush my arm, i looked down and saw a piece of paper folded in half. I picked it up and opened it. how are you liking Forks Bella? -A It's okay, i'm not really a fan of the rain or cold, but it is really beautiful here -B if you don't like the rain or cold why did you move to Forks?-A My mom got remarried, phil is great don't get me wrong, it's just that he's a minor league baseball player so he moves around a lot and my mom misses him when he's gone, so i offered to live with Charlie in forks instead of Phoenix so she could travel with him. -B that's very selfless of you Bella, do you always do things for other people?- A i try to help people, i mean i'm glad my mom's happy, so this way i make her and phil happy, and i make Charlie happy by living with him. It's cool that iget to help both of them -B Well you are very kind. So what does Bella like to do, for herself not others? -A umm, im pretty boring, like i'm sure you don't want to here about me-B quite the contrary i 'd love to hear about Bella(: -A okay...umm music is my life. I play a couple of instruments, i even have my own soundboard and stuff, i write my own songs and beats. I also enjoy drawing,and anything that doesn't involve shopping or physical activity.:p-B that is so cool that you write music. i'd love to hear some of your tracks, and what instruments do you play? we should hang out sometime so i can hear you play! My brother Edward is a huge pianist. I love dancing and drawing, and SHOPPING! ITS MY FAAAAAVVVORITE HOBBY! now i must take you on a shopping trip:) -A OH HELL NO! i hate shopping it shouldn't be considered a hobby its a death trap that requires to much walking/carrying and fashion is not my thing. -B too bad! i have a feeling were going to be great friends so i should take you shopping(:-A No, you have a feeling that it would be fun to watch me suffer while you take me shopping:p -B haha don't be so dramatic text me sometime so we can hang out! 9107634628-A yes ma'am! 9103749374-B Suddenly the bell rang and i was off to my last class of the day...gym. Luckily Coach Clapp said i didn't have to participate today, but i would tomorrow. So i just sat back and watched all the other kids get all gross and sweaty chasing a ball around. I had a feeling i was going to hate this class. When the bell finally rang signaling the end of school, i bolted for the door getting to the office in record time to drop off my slip. I then turned on heal and headed for my truck. Just as i was about to open the door, a very annoying Mike Newton pranced up to me. "Hey Bella how was your day?" mike asked with his annoying puppy dog look. "Fine." i replied curtly hoping he would take the hint. "that's great! So hey i was wondering if you would like to go out with me sometime, you know go see a movie or something?" he asked with a hopeful look on his face. "Sorry Mike but i'm pretty busy this weekend and the weekend after next i'm not going to have time to go out." i replied trying to let him down easy, but no this kid had to keep it up . "That's okay! I'll wait we can go out two weeks from now! It will be so much fun!" "Mike, no i'm not going out with you." i said my voice getting louder. "Aww c'mon Bella it will be Fun!" This kid couldn't take a fucking hint! i was pissed now. "No Mike!" i half screamed. "But wh-" i cut him off screaming,"MIKE I'M NOT GOING OUT WITH YOU NOW SHUT THE HELL UP AND LEAVE ME ALONE SO I CAN GO HOME! AND STOP LOOKING SO PATHETIC WITH THAT CLINGY PUPPY DOG LOOK YOU'VE BEEN GIVING ME ALL DAY, FRANKLY IT'S PRETTY ANNOYING. OH AND LEARN WHAT THE WORD NO MEANS!" i went off. He turned on heal and walked away, i looked over and noticed everybodys eyes were on me, then i heard laughter. I looked over to see the Cullen's laughing so hard it looked like their faces were going to crack. "DID YOU SEE HIS FACE? P-PR-PRICELESS!" Emmett screamed through fits of laughter. That just pissed me off even more. I looked back to see everybody was still looking and pointing at me, whispering to eachother. "WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU ALL LOOKING AT?" i screamed and everybody dropped their eyes and became silent, even Emmett. I jumped into my truck and started it up before speeding out of the parking lot, grinding my teeth in anger. * * * * * * * * * * * * *1 A/N: This is my first story and to start off with it won't have much drama, i do plan on however adding a couple of twists/accidents. just so we are clear thoughts are in italics., and notes are in italics. If there is a note and the person whose p.o.v. is having thoughts while reading the note i will type them in bold or bolded italics. Alice's vision will be in bold or bolded italics. dont hate on me this is my first story. I am also going to be putting up a better story soon. i am working on the first chapter now and i don't know what i want to name it but keep reading authors notes and i will let you know. oh! and i love reviews/comments anything so don't be afraid to inbox me! i love you all! next chapter will be up soon!