front of the entire pack and Emily I yelled at the top of my lungs, " THE WORLD JUST LOVES TO FUCK ME OVER! FIRST IT RIPS THE LOVE OF MY LIFE AWAY, THEN IT MAKES ME THE ONLY FEMALE SHIFTER IN EXISTENCE!" I turned on heel and headed into the forest, shifting mid-air, and disappearing from their sight. It's been a month since that night. Now, I'm headed into the forest, in just jean shorts and a sports bra, to go take over Sam's patrols. Just as I'm about to enter the woods, a beat up, rusty, old chevy truck comes roaring down the road. Ugh I'm starving, I can't wait to get to Jacob's and eat. That was one of the many things I hated about being a wolf, I was almost always hungry. I threw on an old t-shirt before heading over to the Black's house. When I got there I noticed that Charlie's police cruiser was sitting in the driveway, along with same red chevy truck I saw earlier. Curious I headed inside. When I walked in I headed straight to the kitchen, where I knew my mom would be, fully intending to ask whose truck was parked out front; then I saw her. She was sitting at Jacob's shabby, old, wooden dining table, leaned back in a chair talking with Jacob and my brother Seth. Her hair was a dark chestnut, with slight tints of red underneath. Her skin was pale, a little paler than it should be, still beautiful, but giving her a worn down look. Or maybe that was just her eyes, with deep purple bags underneath them you could tell she hadn't gotten a good nights sleep in a long time. However, it was when she looked up into my eyes that everything shifted. It was like a blind man seeing the sun for the first time, like nothing, not even gravity held me here anymore, just her. Then, I turned around, tearing my eyes away from those orbs of beautiful brown, and tore out of there like a bat out hell. Later that night in the woods: Crash! "Damnit" Crash! "Damnit!" Crash! "DAMNIT!" A large crash resounded through the woods as I threw yet another tree. I sank to the ground, and for the first time in three months I cried, hard. Tears poured down my face as I leaned back against a tree trunk, knees pulled to my chest, and my hands in my hair. "Damnit Damnit Damnit," I half-whispered to myself. Out of all the people in the world it had to be a girl, and not only that, a leech lover. I hated her, I hated her for being a girl, for being a leech lover, and I hated her for even existing. Sam should have been my imprint not this stupid bitch. "Ugh!" I yelled out in frustrating, listening as my voice echoed through the silence. However, there was something in the back of my mind, tugging at me, dragging itself forward until it was all I could think about. I hated her, but I also hated that familiar look she had in her eye. I hated the emptiness in them; and I realized then that I hated the parasite who caused the pain she was feeling. Wait no! NO! No I didn't! She deserved the pain she was feeling, she deserves it. She should've known better than to get involved with, nonetheless fall in love with a vampire. No, I would not feel sympathy for her, and I would not fall in love with Bella Swan. Bella P.O.V. I was in my truck, driving to Jacob's house, and all I could think about was my dream last night. I hadn't had a dream like this since HE was here. At the thought of him the hole in my chest ripped itself open, tearing open the fragile band aid being with Jacob had put on. Tears started to poor down my face, and soon enough I wasn't able to see anymore. I pulled over, knowing I shouldn't be driving in this condition. The pain hit me in waves, each one stronger than before, taking over my entire body. I rested my head against the steering wheel and sobbed, I sobbed until my lungs hurt from gasping, until my head was pounding and my face red. And then,...I cried some more; when I ran out of tears I continued to dry sob. Suddenly, I felt warm arms encircle me, and I found myself leaning in to the familiar touch. I don't even know how long Jacob held me for, I just clung to him, sitting on the cold ground outside of my truck. His whole body was like a furnace, and he protected me from the cold trying to nip its way through my clothes and chill my skin. He smelled like motor oil and the woods, what would seem like a terrible combination fit with him well. It was a good, rustic, smell I had learned was simply Jacob. When I finally calmed down I looked up into those dark eyes, and for some reason felt incomplete, like those weren't the eyes I wished I was looking into. Of course they aren't you idiot! You wish you were looking into liquid topaz eyes. My eyes began to water again and Jacob pulled me closer, pressing his face in my hair and whispering to me, "It's okay Bella, I've got you." I latched onto him, begging that he would hold me tighter, push the pieces of my heart back together. A/N: I know this chapter is short and I know I haven't been on in a long long longg time but I have been on parental lock down and withought internet for the longest time because we don't have internet at my house. I do plan on updating my other stories I just had to get this out of my head. I love you guys! Please review! 3