so hard I felt like I could cry. "What?" "Vampires fly brooms! Gowd, you don't know so much for a vampire yourself." I raced as fast as I could back to my house. Bella fell asleep in the car. Once inside I sat her down on our couch, next to Esme, and sat on the other side of her. She woke up again. I secretly hoped she was still loopy, my family would love it. And she was. "Edward has a small broowm," Everyone, even Esme, broke up laughing at this random statement. Emmett smiled and winked at me before turning to face her. "Did you want his broom to be big?" "Yews," she sighed and looked at me trying not to laugh. "I like big broowms." This time my laugh was the loudness. But sadly after that, she started regaining herself. She didn't say another word, but fixed the gauze in her mouth. Alice sighed and left to hunt. Emmett though was very pleased at this. I knew he'd always hold her up to this, and me possibly. Then she started crying. All my laughter was gone in an instant and I was next to her. "Bella? What's wrong?" Bella sniffed a little. "I newd sowmthing cowld." The medicine must have all worn out. "I'll go get icepacks-" "Wait!" She grabbed my hands and slowly brought them to her checks. "Pwerfect." I smiled and happily kept my hands there. We stayed like that for a while, happily content in our own little bubble. Everyone, except Esme, even left to go hunting. Esme said she wanted to help out with Bella. Of course my silly girl got mad at this but soon passed it off. Before we knew it, it was five p.m. BPOV Edward drove me home quickly and helped me inside. As usual I went to the kitchen and started preparing dinner. "What are you doing, love?" I turned around to see a very confused vampire. I cleared my throat and laughed a little. "Making dinnwer…" He shook his head, grabbed my hands, and pulled me away. "No, dear, you are not. I'm a hundred percent positive Charlie wouldn't expect you to make dinner. Yesterday he was actually considering going to a fast food place so he can eat and get you a smoothie." "Oh." "He should be here in a few with your medicine." I only nodded and lead him back towards my room. At moments like this, I really, really wish I could kiss him. How dare he look so tempting, sprawled across my bed. It made me want our honeymoon even more, which brought an idea to my head. "Edward?" "Yes, love?" I sat up, crisscrossed, on my bed. "So our honeymwoon, um, where are we going?" He laughed and shook his head. "Nice try, Bella. It's a surprise." I glared at him for a moment. My brain was so confused. Would it be cold there? Hot? Would it even be in the United States? Is he going to surprise me by saying that vampires can go to space, and he has a house on Mercury? A loud vibration from my pocket startled me out of it. "Hello?" "Hey, Bells. I'm getting something to eat from Sonic. Do you want a frosty or a smoothie?" Hmm. "Um, icecream… minwt." I could hear him laugh a little. "Be home in a few." Then I lied back down, cradled in my personal icepack's arms. He started humming my lullaby- EPOV "Bella, Bella, love…. Waky waky… Charlie has food…" My Bella opened her eyes slowly. Tears welled in her eyes. I swooped her up quickly and put my hands on either side of her face. She half smiled, but continued silently crying. I hated seeing her in pain, seeing precious tears spill over her soft, swollen cheeks. No longer did I care if Charlie saw me touching Bella. He could live with me carrying her down stairs, I am her fiancé and she is my fiancée anyways. So I carried her down stairs. Charlie's eyes widened, but he said nothing. How long have they been up there? Do you think they were… no. They couldn't have, look how out of it she looks. But I do wonder, does she have birth control, or have they not? Stop thinking about this, she's in pain. I lightly growled at his thoughts. I wish she had birth control. That would mean she had at least a chance of getting pregnant and being a mother. I could never give that to her. I shook my head, much like Charlie did and got my head out of the gutter. Her eyes locked with mine as I sat us down on the couch. Charlie handed her a cup and a larger cup with a spoon. He looked at me. "Oh, gosh, I'm sorry, I didn't realize," he glanced at Bella sipping her ice water. I chuckled and kindly cut him off. "It's more than fine, I don't feel to good myself." His thoughts were actually good about me. He was honestly sorry. "So, um, Edward… I'm presuming Bella wants to stay with you, huh?" Bella looked at him, oh so cute with a spoon hanging from her lips, and nodded, a soft blush spreading though her cheeks. Charlie wasn't too pleased, but dropped it as he continued watching baseball. So later that night she went back with me. I scowled at her swollen lips, the insides were bruised… but, of course, I still loved them, still so soft, but it still worried me. She caught me looking and snuggled closer into my chest, falling into a deep, peaceful sleep, only mumbling my name. Four days later everything went back to normal. I took her to our meadow, where we spent two hours kissing for the first time in what felt like forever. I can't wait to call this angel in my arms my wife. **Thanks guys! Like it? Love it? Hate it? Review it!**