this it is", he said pulling out a baggie. I know what inside those bags, but me smoking weed, Um no! Charlie would kill me if he found out. Plus we are still on school ground. "Are you mad man" I yelled yanking the bag out of his hand. "We do not smoke in Forks!" "Bella, just try it" "No" "Yes" "No" "Yes" "No Edward, peer pressure doesn't work on me, you should know that." "What if I kiss you?" "What?" I said shocked. Kiss me? Hmm I smoke for a kiss, is it worth it. Well it would speed up my fairy-tale a little more I guess. Plus kissing Edward Masen, a dream come true. "Okay" "Really" he looked a little surprised "You wanted me to say no" "What! No of course not, but you have to smoke first" "Fine" I watched him take the bag from me and started to roll up. Oh god I sound like a druggie already. Roll up, next thing you know I'll be taking me 'hit' every day. "I better not get addicted" "Oh one kiss from me and it will have you begging for more" "I meant from the weed, ego check" He laughed and continued rolling up. I looked outside the window to make sure we weren't being watch. I couldn't afford to get caught. My dad would probably lock me up just to teach me a lesson or something stupid like that. "You ready", he asked lighting the joint. He took a drag, and held his breathe. He motioned for me to come closer. I moved a little closer, confused on what he wanted. He rolled his eyes and grabbed my neck forcing my mouth to his. My mouth smashed into his and I swear I felt sparks. I was on the verge of passing out again when he opened his mouth and sent the smoke into mine. I coughed a little, but still managed to hold it in. "Take a deep breathe but don't open your mouth, just let the smoke rest inside" I did as he instructed and felt a bit light-headed. "Head rush", I said with a giggle. Since when did I giggle anyways? I was Bella Swan, Bella Swan dose not giggle, Bella Swan has more dignity than that. Bella Swan should stop talking to herself in third person. He took another pull this time inhaling for himself. "Bella, can I tell you a secret" "Sure anything" "You seem like a nice girl, so I'm just going to tell you from now, don't fall for me okay. I'm not the right guy for you." I was little saddened by that, not the right guy for me. He was perfect for me. He had to be perfect for me, he is the only chance I have at getting my happy ending. "Edward, shut up" "I'm serious Bella" "Boy you sure think highly of yourself, what makes you think I would even find you attractive" "Don't try to make a joke about this" "You're killing my high" "Don't say I didn't warn you", he said rolling his eyes "So why did you do all of this, tell me I'm beautiful, volunteer to take me to the nurse, save me from Mike, force me to smoke." "Because Bella I'm falling in love with you." He stared at me for a few second before laughing. "Oh god you should have seen your face" He was full out laughing at me, I didn't think it was that funny. "Seriously Bella, I just want a friend, someone I can kick it with and you seem like the perfect girl, you have that personality, the spice I love to see." "Thanks" I said back. Friends he wanted to be friend. No! This isn't that story where I fall in love and he just see me as a friend. I had to change his mind, I was his dream girl, he had to see that. I just needed time that all "Well Edward try not to fall for me okay, I have been known to break quite a few hearts" "Oh really, like stalker boy" "Stalker boy... you mean mike?" "I could care less about his name Bella" "You mad bro..." "Bro", he said with a smile shaking his head, "Bella you are exactly what I have been missing" "Oh thanks Eddie" He smiled and went back to smoking his joint. "You want anymore" "Nah I think I lost enough brain cell as it is" He shrugged and finished off the blunt. I sat silently just watching him. He was so beautiful, down to his long slender hands. I was silently thanking God, he sent me the perfect guy. "You still owe me kiss" He turned to look at me "You really want to kiss me" "I lost brain cells, I think I deserve a kiss" He leaned over, coming closer to me face. I was silently having a panic attack, the second time today his lips are going to meeting mine. He turned at the last minute and kissed me on the cheeks. "There happy?" Honestly I was disappointed but I couldn't let him know that, not yet anyways. "Yup, everything I imagined and more" "Your perfect Bella, like a breathe of fresh air" "Hey there buddy, remember I warned you, heart-breaker over here", i said pointing towards myself. "Get caught up all of this and you might just lose your mind" He laughed again, I felt proud, I made bad boy Masen laugh. "Come on" he said patting my on the knee, "Lets go back in "Back to school" "Yeah, Mr. Banner class has got to be over by now" I looked down at my watch, "yeah your right lets go, but one more thing" i leaned over and give him a quick peak on the lips. He sat frozen in his seat while i laughed away, "A deal is a deal loser" I Said walking away Hook Line and Sinker Indeed!