area afraid he would appear any moment. "He wasn't immortal. He passed on many years ago," she answered looking relieved. "Can anything break the curse?" I asked. She swam closer and pulled herself up onto the rock next to me. I could see her tail close up now. It was green like her skirt, and although she had scales, they looked to be made out of satin. "One thing can. Jamerson stipulated that it could be broken by a kiss from my soulmate under the full moon." She looked at me with pleading eyes. "How do you know if someone is your soul mate?" I asked. She leaned closer and placed her lips on mine. The kiss warmed me and my body started to hum like it was alive. "Do you feel that?" she whispered against my lips. "That is how you know." Then, as if by magic, the clouds parted as the storm subsided, and the moonlight lit the ocean and the beach. Her necklace glowed, and her tail split into two legs before my very eyes. The tail spread out into a skirt. "Whoa." I shook my head. If I didn't see this with my own eyes, I wouldn't believe it. I stood and pulled her to her feet as well. She looked up at the sky with a wistful look. I glanced up and noticed the moon was full. She turned her eyes to me with a hopeful look. I leaned down and kissed her—it was full of passion and desire. I wanted to be the one break the spell because I knew deep inside I couldn't live without her. I pulled back and looked at her. Nothing changed, so how do I now if the curse was broken. "We will know by the morning light," she answered my unasked question. "Stay with me?" "Always," I promised as I held her to me tightly. We held onto to each other for hours until dawn started to break. At that point, we moved to ankle-deep water, just in case. As the sun hit the water, her grip tightened on my arms, and she started to shake with nerves. I felt the sun's rays on my face, and I tilted my head to look at her. Her eyes were clenched closed so she didn't see it. "Bella, open your eyes, angel." I encouraged. She opened her eyes slowly, blinking. She raised one leg then the other—happiness broke out over her features. "We did it, the curse is broken!" She jumped into my arms, pressing her hands on either side of my face as she kissed me over and over. I gently placed soft kisses on her cheeks and her lips. She looked up at with a contented smile and rubbed my chest. Her eyes glowed with happiness. "I love you," I confessed. "I love you, too." She smiled sweetly. "Now that you are human, I want to show you the world and give you anything you desire. I want you to meet my family. Please, say you want that too." I kissed her lips lightly. "I want that," she agreed, "but there is just one more thing." She bit her lip. "What?" I frowned. "Please don't be angry with me, I was afraid of how you'd react. I may not be a mermaid anymore, but I'm still not human either. You see, Jamerson wanted me for a particular reason—I come from a long line of powerful witches. I am a witch, Edward." She looked at me warily. "A witch?" I felt dizzy. "Don't worry, Edward, I am a good witch." She laughed freely, her voice floated on air. "I need to sit down." I moved to the biggest rock on the beach. She took a tentative seat near me watching carefully—the laughter was gone from her face, and the sorrow returned. "Why didn't you tell me before?" I rubbed my eyes. I was still struggling to process this new information. "If I had told you before you were ready to believe me, you would've run away and never have come back. You had to love me with your own free will for the curse to be broken." She pulled her knees to her chest and stared out at the rolling waves. "So I'm not under a love spell." I breathed out sharply—I instantly regretted my words when I saw the hurt look on her beautiful face. "No, for one, it needed to be true love not contrived, plus the 'three folds rule' would come into effect, only cursing me all over again. I vow to you that I would never use magic to hurt you." She looked at me imploring me to believe her. "The reason Jamerson wanted me was my family's line of powerful witches." "You have to understand; this so much to absorb. What about the other night when we made love right on this very beach—I felt…" I trailed off when I couldn't find the words to describe the sense of utopia I felt. "What you experienced was the bond between soulmates that humans don't usually feel. It was amplified because I'm a witch and because I was wearing my amulet." Her fingers brushed her necklace. "I believe you—all of it. I'm sorry to be so skeptical. However, this doesn't change anything. I still love you more than I thought possible, and I wanted a life with you," I confessed as I knelt before her in the sand. Her brown eyes brimmed with tears and happiness. "I will love you until the end of time." I cupped her cheek then pressed a kiss against her petal soft lips. A kiss filled with promises of a beautiful future ahead. A/N: This story has been in my head for a long time. I was glad that I got a chance to use it. I plan on continuing but after I finish my current story. Thank you for all the review, votes and love you have given my story.