wearing a short red dress that looked like it belonged to a twelve-year-old, except that it was skimpy. She spotted us and her calm façade dropped, and if looks could kill, I would be six feet under. "What is she doing here?" Tanya screeched with her blue eyes flashing. "Tanya, you remember Bella … my fiancée." Edward lifted my hand for her to see. "Isn't it great. I think they make the perfect couple. They're going to get married in the spring on a beach in Florida," Alice said cheerfully. "Don't you ever shut up?" Tanya hissed at her. "Tanya," Carmen, her mother, abashed. "What is going on? I'm confused." Carmen looked around, her eyes settling on me. "You're not the only one." Her father, Eleazar, glanced at his daughter then Edward. "I just found out myself that I've been lied to," Esme huffed and glared pointedly at Tanya. "Oh, this is going to be good." Kate, Tanya's younger sister, started laughing. "No one wants to hear from you, so shut your mouth." Tanya whirled on her sister. Kate rolled her eyes. "Make me. I told ya it wouldn't work but would you listen to me? Noooo. You can't trick a guy like Edward into marrying you by announcing to everyone he's going to propose. Especially since he dumped your slutty ass for cheating on him." "Katarina," Carmen scolded, looking helplessly at both her daughters. "What? It's the truth." Kate shrugged her shoulders. "She even bought one of the cheapy, fake-looking engagement rings that they sell in department stores, on the tables." I couldn't help the snort of laughter that escaped me and then slapped my hand over my mouth. Tanya shot me a nasty look. I could feel Edward's shaking from silently laughing next to me. "No way!" Alice exclaimed. "Way!" Kate chimed. "All right, enough," Eleazar shouted above the noise. "Tanya, is all this true?" "Of course not. They're lying, Daddy. Eddie, say something," she whined. "Tanya, you owe Bella an apology for stealing my phone and texting her lies. You're lucky I don't plan on pressing charges," Edward said coldly. He turned to her parents. "My apologizes, Eleazar and Carmen, that you had to be hit with this as soon as you walked through the door after traveling a long way. However, Tanya has been lying to you, as well as my parents. I know she told you that I was going to propose to her, but that was never going to happen." "Tanya, why would you lie?" Eleazar looked disappointed. "I'm not lying. I'm pregnant. Edward's the daddy." Tanya looked desperate. "She stole him from me." "Can't steal what you don't have." Jasper snickered. "Who are you?" Tanya snapped. "Then we'll be getting a paternity test. I'm not about to believe a hussy. And be warned, if it's false we'll sue for…for…I'll think of something." Esme downed her glass of wine. "Tanya Jane, that is enough. I happen to know that you're not since you asked your sister for a Tampon on the plane. I also happen to remember Bella from school. She's a very sweet girl." Carmen shook her head. "Please, allow me to apologize on my daughter's behalf, Esme, Carlisle, I am completely embarrassed by her behavior. Bella and Edward, to you as well, I promise that she will no longer bother you." Carmen looked upset. "We don't blame you, Mrs. Denali," I said softly. "Bella is right. The fault only lies with Tanya." Edward wrapped his arm around my waist. "And for the record, Tanya and I were never 'together' that way." "Under the circumstances, I think we should find somewhere else to stay for the night." Eleazar sighed. "That may be for the best. I'll bring you to the lodge, perhaps they'll have some rooms open," Carlisle offered. Thankfully, they left as quickly as they came, dragging a screaming Tanya with them. As soon as the door closed behind them, I relaxed. "Well, that went better than I expected." I sighed in relief. "I agree. I wasn't sure if her parents would believe us." Edward pulled me over to the couch. "Car and Eleazar are good people, their daughter is the rotten one. The older slutty one, not the younger one, I like her, she was funny," Esme slurred. "Ummm…okay, Mom. How about I get you some water or coffee." Alice giggled. "You're such good children, all my kids are good. How did I get so lucky?" Esme smiled and patted Alice's cheek. "Perhaps, I should go finish that pie for your mom," I suggested. "Yeah, I think she's pretty toasted. I'll help," Edward agreed. We went back into the kitchen and set to the task. We worked together like a well-oiled machine. Once the pie was in the oven, Edward pulled me into his arm, kissing my cheeks then my lips. "I have a feeling this is going to be the best Christmas ever." He looked at me adoringly. "It is definitely one that I won't forget." Thinking that this year had its highs and lows. "I love you." He kissed me. Five years later My fingers hovered over the send button. After a moment of hesitation, I hit it then waited. My phone rang with his tone moments later. "Hello," I answered. "What do two lines mean?" he asked. "Oops, did I send that to you?" I teased. "Bella, stop toying with me." He sounded impatient. "I'm pregnant." I smiled. "You're…sweatheart, this is amazing," He breathed happily. "How are you feeling?" "I feel fine for the moment. If I figured it out right, it looks like we will be having a Christmas baby," I said shyly. "Just another reason why that's my favorite time of year. When I get home, we're celebrating. I love you so much," he proclaimed. "I love you, too." A/N: Happy Holidays at this time. I don't have plans to continue. Thank you all for all the love, reviews, and votes you have given this story.