you either." He just grunted and nodded his head at the book. "Go on, maybe it will help. oOo Three days passed and there was no change with Bella. Since my P.A. students were supportive at first until they learned, I wasn't playing football at homecoming. That's when they turned their backs on me, and I became a social pariah. Although, Katie was worse off than me. No one, including Tanya, would talk to her at school. A lot of them blamed her for Bella's accident. Garrett dumped her sorry ass, apparently he didn't realize she was still with me when they hooked up those few times. She had told him we broke up. Emmett fired her not long afterward for stealing from the restaurant. My parents grounded me for a month because of the stunt I pulled. It was school, home, and hospital. Though they were angry with me, my mother was a bit of hopeless romantic, so I was allowed an hour of visitation a day. Before I left each time, I would tell Bella that I loved her. On homecoming, I sat in the same chair reading to Bella. I was getting pretty close to the end at this point. Alice asked Jasper to the dance so they were both gone. Chief Swan was working all night, so it was just Bella and me. I paused in reading to get a drink of water when I noticed Bella's eyes were open and she was staring at me. "Bella, you're awake. Thank God. I've been so worried about you." I dropped the book and grabbed her hand. She looked at me wide-eyed and started coughing. I gave her my water, and with a shaky hand, she sipped slowly. "Bella, I'm so glad you're going to be okay. I'm so sorry about everything. I love you, and I'll do anything to make it up to you," I vowed. "W…who are you?" her voice was hoarse. My heart fell into my stomach. "Bella, it's me, Edward. Don't you recognize me?" "No. Where's my Mom? Why isn't she here?" I knew something was terribly wrong—Renée died in a car accident ten years ago. "I'll get someone, hold on." I ran out of the room and into my father, who was coming out of another room. "Edward, you know better than to run in the hospital. Is Bella all right?" He glanced behind me into the room. "She's awake, but she has no clue who I am. She asked for her mom. Dad, something's wrong with her." "Calm down, son. It sounds like she has amnesia." He went into the room. I followed on his heels and stopped short. Bella was out like a light again. "I swear she was awake." My father checked her and the monitors. "She's sleeping. Not unusual for someone who was in a coma. She'll probably sleep quite a bit over the next few days. She might not even remember waking up and talking to you." "Will she still have amnesia?" I slumped in my chair. "Too soon to tell. Go home and get some sleep yourself. The bags under eyes are worse than the guy in the vampire movie that Alice and your mother like." He snickered as he left the room. Not funny." I sighed. My head couldn't wrap around the fact Bella didn't know me. Countless years of shared memories were lost. All for my one prick move to try and save face. Maybe I deserved for this to happen to me. I didn't deserve someone as special as her in my life. I swore right then that I'd do whatever it takes to become worthy of her falling in love with me a second time. I bent forward and kissed her cheek. "I love you, Bella." oOo Monday afternoon I was called down to the front office. Mrs. Cope handed me the phone when I got there. My father told me that Bella was awake and was asking for me. He had given the school permission for me to be released. I entered her room to find her sitting up in bed. "You're awake." I smiled and started for the bed, then stopped short. "Do you know who I am?" "Yes, Edward. Of course, I do." She didn't return the smile. "Bella, I am sorry. I've been a complete jerk. I…" She held up a hand stopping me. "I heard you when I was in a coma. Please don't tell me these things because you feel guilty." Tears pricked her eyes. "I should feel guilty. But that's not why I'm saying it and will continue to say it. I'll never be sorry enough. I love you. I'm just an idiot that realized when it was too late," I admitted. "Jasper told me what you did for me. I'm sorry for running like I did." Bella wiped a tear off her cheek. "Bella, you don't owe me an apology. What I did was wrong, you were right, I did take advantage of you. You had every right to be pissed at me. I am so sorry and I'll do anything to make it up to you." I reached for hand and was pleased when she didn't pull away. "Say it again," she whispered. "I'm sorry." "Not that." A small smile formed on her face. "I love you?" Her grinned became bigger and I started to smile. "I love you, Bella," I repeated louder. "I love you, too." She blinked back some tears. I leaned forward to kiss her forehead, but she moved her head and my lips landed on hers in a sweet, simple kiss. She grinned guiltily when I pulled back. I chuckled then gave her another kiss. I was thankful for this second chance, and I would spend a lifetime showing Bella that it was her that I loved. A/N: As of right now I have no plans to continue. Thank you again, everyone that voted and those who reviewed my story!