I'll understand if I'm asking too much." Again he cupped my face. It was too soon, my rational mind argued with me. You've only known him for three days. Well, five if you count texting. However, looking into his green eyes—I knew. My granny once told me how she met my grandfather at a U.S.O dance. They were married the next day and stayed happily married until they died of old age. "I'd love to be your girlfriend." I smiled and kissed him lightly on the lips. Days Four days later, we said our good-byes at the airport after a romantic evening where we made love for the first time. I couldn't stop the tears from running down my face as he promised that everything would be all right. Physically, we parted at the gate, but in my heart, we were still united as one. Days One year later…. Late May brought the end of my college career. I graduated today surrounded by family and friends. However, I was still missing one very important person. One I haven't heard from in three days and was worried about. Edward was still overseas—his return had been delayed a few times. It's been over a year since I've seen him in person. Our relationship continued to flourish through e-mails, letters, and occasional Skype sessions. There have been a handful of times that I would go days, and once, two weeks without hearing from him due to blackouts on his base. Those times never failed to scare me to death, especially after Jasper was severely injured a few months back. I made Alice swear if she heard anything that she would tell me. Since, as his family, I knew she'd find out before me. "All the girls together. Jazz, please take our picture." Alice handed her phone to her new husband. Jasper shifted his balance on his crutches and took her phone, after kissing her cheek. They were married soon after his release from the hospital in Las Vegas. Alice's mom was furious when she found out about it. "Hurry up. I feel like a blimp in this." Rose grumpily smoothed her gown over her baby bump. "You look gorgeous. You'd be even more gorgeous if you'd let me make an honest woman out of you." Emmett stood by Jasper, trying to sound charming. "If you were an honest man you wouldn't have lied about having a condom." Rose glared at him. The two of them had an intense relationship. Emmett knocked Rose up at Alice and Jasper's wedding. "Too bad Kate isn't here." Alice sighed, commenting on our friend that moved across the country to be closer to Garrett when he came back last winter. I'd be lying if I didn't admit to being jealous that Edward was the only one of their group still there. Apparently there was a high need for soldiers with medical training, which is what Edward had. "Smile," Jasper ordered then clicked the button. "I believe it's my turn for a picture." A firm but velvety voice interrupted us. I whirled around and covered my mouth with a gasp. Edward stood in full uniform about ten feet away, holding a bouquet of lilies. "You're home," I gasped. I ran and jumped into his arms—my cap falling on the ground somewhere in the grass. Being in his arm never felt as good as it did right now. I peppered his face with kisses before his lips claimed mine in a heated kiss. I don't know how long we got lost in one another's embrace when I started to become aware of giggling and a few cat-calls. I broke away and slid back to my feet. "Sorry, I didn't mean to make a scene." I blushed. "Well, I'm about to cause another one." He pecked my lips then handed me the flowers. Before I could blink, he bent down on one knee before me. He picked up my left hand and stared into my eyes, his own full of love. "Isabella Maire Swan, I knew I loved you before I even met you…" "Dude, you stole that from a song," Emmett broke in, followed by a loud smacking sound. "Don't ruin his romantic proposal, you doof," Rose snapped. Edward sighed then closed his eyes, and I fought a case of the giggles. He opened his eyes and grinned crookedly at me. "As I was trying to say, I fell for you before we met. To find out that my fantasy girl was real, was a dream come true. I know we haven't spent a lot of time together, but I still feel as if I know you better than anyone I've known for years. Will you do the honor of marrying me?" "Yes!" My eyes filled with tears of joy. Days Present time…. "Mom, where are my sneakers!" Emily, our eight-year-old daughter, yelled from upstairs. "Under your bed," I called back. I sighed and placed our wedding picture back on the mantle. We got married on top of the waterfall, on the island, nine years ago. Emily was our honeymoon baby; followed by her two sisters—all separated by two years. "How's our boy." Edward's arms wrapped around my waist and his hands rested on my belly. "The baby might be a girl." I leaned into him, my back, ankles, and feet were telling me I had been standing for too long. "I know and I'll love the baby either way, but a guy can hope, right." He rested his chin on the top of my head. "Hard to believe it's been ten years already." I looked lovingly at the series of pictures that told our history. "It's just the beginning, Bella," Edward promised. He reminded me of all the days that we had to look forward to in our future together. A/N: This was my entry for the Straight Thru the Heart Contest. Thank you all, who read, voted, and reviewed. This story is complete and will not be continued.