up." I ducked the pillow she tossed at me, when she realized I was only teasing her. I threw it back and she caught it. "That is it. I'm painting your room pink when you're not looking." I could tell she wasn't serious. We always bantered back and forth like any other brother and sister, trying to one up the other. But we were hardly ever really that upset at each other. "Do and your Louis Vuittons will take a swim in the Puget Sound." I threatened. I may have pushed that one and her eyes grew huge and looked panicked. "You wouldn't," she glared. "Try me," I crossed my arms in front of my chest. "Fine, you win." I grinned at her. "This time." "Kids, pizza is here." Charlie called from upstairs. "Coming," Alice skipped to the stairs. I followed behind her up the steps. I grabbed a few slices of pizza and placed them on a plate. I turned to the table just as Charlie held a beer can to me. "Beer?" Was this some type of test? I never drank before and I didn't think it would be wise to start now. "No, thank you. I don't drink." I refused. Alice handed me a can of soda on her way to the table. "You don't have to worry about him, Charlie. Edward will probably be too busy downstairs buried in books or on the computer to cause any trouble." Alice slid in to a chair gracefully. "I was lucky if I could talk him into having dinner with me at least once a week." "How often did you two go home?" Charlie frowned. Alice and I exchanged a look. "Not very often. Maybe a weekend here and there. Our father encouraged us to take extra classes, so it looked good for college resumes." I answered trying to keep from sounding a bit sour. "Edward ran track so I would try to get to a meet when I could." Alice mentioned playing with her slice of pizza. "Sometimes mom came to meets and then she would take me shopping and the three of us would have dinner together." Charlie took a long sip of his beer and frowned. He seemed to be thinking about something that upset him. "But not your father?" We shook our heads and I thought I heard Charlie mumble 'pretentious prick' under his breath. "Look, it seems that you two have been on your own before now, but I do have a few ground rules. No drinking or drugs. Curfew is ten on school nights and midnight on the weekends." Charlie informed us looking more like a police chief at the moment. "That is fair. I'm sure you will find that we are very low maintenance. What can we do around here to help you out?" Alice asked. "I can cook a little, so we can do family dinners. We can do our own laundry." "All of that will be fine. I'm not much of a cook so I usually order out, but if you would like to cook, Alice, that will be fine." Alice beamed. Mom and father never let her try cooking at home. She was expected to marry rich and have a cook like we had. However, her school still had made the girls take cooking classes. "If you would like me to do anything around the house just let me know." I offered. I wasn't sure what to quite do, but I was still willing. "I will. I usually watch the news and catch up on sport highlights and there is a game on tonight. Do you two need anything before school tomorrow?" "Nope," I shook my head. Alice hesitated before speaking. "I will need to go food shopping after school, what should I do about money?" Alice looked out of sorts. We never had to worry about it before, so I understood her dilemma. "There's some cash in a coffee can in the cabinet. Take what you need for food shopping or school lunches." Charlie stood up and threw out his paper plate. "Thank you, Charlie." Alice smiled. Charlie gave her a smile back and clapped me on the shoulder before heading out to the living room. Alice and I cleaned the kitchen and I headed downstairs for the night. I unpacked a little more before settling in for the night. I lay in bed for along while unable to sleep. My mind didn't want to shut off. Before, in school, I often buried myself in school work and reading, because I didn't often relate to the boys in my class. They often seemed too juvenile for me. I wondered what this girl was like, the one Alice saw. Would she get me at all? Most girls I knew were too shallow and couldn't hold a conversation that kept my interest. I could care less about who was dating who or what celebrity was hot. At some point I drifted off to sleep. A/N: This story is a reversal of Twilight. Edward and Alice are human and the others are vampires. I was asked by a reader to try this plot at first I thought no. But a seed go planted in my head and took root. I found away to make this story different then the others that I could find. The storyline may share some similarities to Twilight but as whole it's different. For example I made Alice human and there is different threat. Thank You For All Reviews! F F F F Preview Alert F F F F Preview: Isabella Cullen was seated towards the back. She was in the process of sliding her belongs to one side of the table. I headed to the back of the room. Once I got close to the table Isabella's eyes shot up to mine. I stopped for a minute shocked by the hostility in her flint black eyes. Could that color be possible, I must being seeing things.