I didn't answer, she sighed, then dropped her head. She started to shiver and I slipped my jacket off and placed it around her shoulders. "Thank you." She reached for my hand and gave it a squeeze. Her eyes landed on my hand, and she gasped. I had forgotten Michael's blood was on my sleeve. "I am still a killer. I can't change that. Even tonight I killed that boy who wasn't worthy to be in your presence." I hoped to scare her away. "You killed Michael for being boring and arrogant?" She had a blank look on her face. Not the response I expected. I expected her to flee back into her father's house locking the door and nailing a cross to it. Not that either would do her any good. "I killed him because of the plans he had in his head. I can read minds and his were vile. He was going to rape you and steal your innocence all for a bet. He has done the same to others. Men like that don't deserve to live. That is why I hunt them." I told her more than I should. "Wait you can read minds? Then why is so hard for you to believe me. Couldn't you read my mind and know I was telling the truth?" Her eyes narrowed. I held back a chuckle. She was more upset by the fact that I might be able to read her mind than the fact I chose to kill. "I can't read your mind. I don't know why, it's a first for me. You're upset about that and not that I killed someone?" I smirked. She blushed shyly and shrugged. "Well, it's your nature now. Besides you just told me you only kill those who hurt others. In a way, you are saving innocent people at the same time. Or do you kill innocent people as well?" she asked nervously. "There was only one and that day has haunted me since," I whispered hoarsely. She reached up and placed a hand on my cheek. "I forgive you. Please, don't blame yourself any longer." I leaned into her touch and closed my eyes. I have heard countless times from others to stop blaming myself, but hearing it from her made a world of difference. "You deserve better than someone who plays God with other's lives." I pulled my face away. "It is you that I love, though. It isn't as if you have a choice. Is there another way?" I thought about a conversation I had with Carlisle years ago. He fed on animal blood since he was changed and seemed happy. He took a mate not too long after he met me, and she had the same diet as well. Bella waited patiently for me to answer. Perhaps she was right; this was our second chance. Could I make such a change after years of hunting vile humans? Could I stop? I looked into her deep brown eyes and found my answer. For her I could. Ten years later… Her laughter rang out as she clung to my back while we rode the highway under the starry nighttime sky. I was so pleased to hear her laughter. "Are you enjoying yourself, Kitten?" Instead of answering me, I felt her move from behind me to in front. She straddled my waist and wrapped her legs around me. Her short skirt shifted and she rubbed herself against my straining bulge. Her lips brushed against my neck and I groaned in frustration. She unzipped her leather jacket, her full breasts spilling out, revealing that nothing was underneath. "Are you trying to get to get us killed?" I teased, as I dropped a kiss just below her ear. She drew back and looked up me with her hooded, golden eyes. "If you're that worried, pull over." We had a few arguments years ago about her being changed. In the end, she won. It was after a near death experience where Charlie was killed and I almost lost her. Therefore, I didn't put up much of a fight. It had taken me awhile to become accustomed to the bitter taste of animal blood, but Bella was pleased with that decision. However, the truth was, I didn't miss the killing very much. We found other ways of turning the type of men I used to hunt into the police or to other vampires, so our work was still being done. I still couldn't read her mind, but that made it all the more fun. She was my life now and we were happy and in love. Those were two emotions I never thought I would ever feel again. I pulled over to the side of the deserted highway, putting down the kickstand but leaving the engine running. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled me down for a kiss. I deepened it and slid my tongue into her mouth. My hand ran down her curves and I unbuttoned my pants, pushing them down to free myself. She slid toward me with a small moan. Moments such as these were priceless for us, something we never thought we would have. Whatever circumstances played into our reconnecting, I can't explain. But then again, I was a vampire and she had been reincarnated, so in our world, nothing was impossible. "I love you," she purred. "As I love you, forever," I answered. I wear my sunglasses at night So I can, So I can Forget my name while you collect your claim And I wear my sunglasses at night So I can, So I can See the light that's right before my eyes A/N: A red-eyed Edward was a new adventure for me. I hope you enjoyed reading about him. Song excerpts is from the song Sunglasses at Night by Corey Hart At this time this story will not be continued. Thank You for all the love, reviews, and votes you have given my story.