Lauren on the dance floor. She rolled her eyes and glanced back up at me. "Thank you, again." She smiled softly. "My pleasure. I was right about you growing to be very beautiful women. That Tyler is a fool," I told her. In fact, she was so beautiful I found myself incredibly attracted to her. Thank god, she had to be eighteen now, so I wouldn't be considered a pervert. I liked how she fit into my arms just so. She looked up at me through her eyelashes, and I felt my pants tightened. It took everything within me not to kiss her at this moment. I cleared my throat roughly. "So are you excited that you will finally be going to college in the Fall?" I asked, remember how she was looking forward to it, back then. "I am. I got a full scholarship to Dartmouth." Her face lit up as she told me. I grinned back down at her. "Well, if you need anything just give me a holler. I'll be there for medical school." Her eyes widened as she looked very pleased. "Really? That's great. As much as I'm glad to get out of here, it will be nice to know someone so far from home." "We will have to do dinner sometime." I suggested. I paused for her reaction. I wanted it to be a date, but I wasn't sure how she would like the idea. She blinked a few times and blushed. "I would like that." She smiled shyly. I pulled her hand to my lips and placed a kiss to the back of her hand. I started to head back to the table when something occurred to me. "Bella, how are you getting home?" I asked. "I was about to head outside and call my dad." She shrugged. "If you don't mind waiting to the end, I could bring you home. You can hang out with me until then." I nodded my head back at the D.J. table. She paused and tilted her head to the side and seemed to think about it. "I would like that." She nodded. D Many years later…. The bride and her groom just finished taking a spin on the dance floor. She was every bit as pretty as her mom was the day we got married — twenty-five years ago. I wrapped my arms around my wife's waist and kissed the crown of her head. She sighed and leaned into me. Emmett called out the next dance for couples. "Could I have this dance?" I asked her. She wiped her eyes and nodded. "Always." Bella promised. "Why is it every time I ask you to dance you're crying," I teased. "These are happy tears. I can't help it." She pouted slightly. I laughed and spun her around the dance floor. "Did you ever think all those years ago when we first danced that we would be here today?" Bella pulled herself closer to me. "To be honest with you, Love, no. If you remember you were only fourteen when I first met you. If I had any notion back then to marry you, I think your daddy would've had my ass in jail before we could even blink." Her head tilted back and she laughed. "I guess you have a point. But, I knew." She grinned. "You did?" I raised my eyebrow in surprise. "Yup, I had the biggest crush on you back then. You were my prince charming who rescued me that day. I knew that every guy that would come after you would be measured against you." She played with the collar of my shirt then kissed my jaw. "When I saw you at the prom, and you came to my aide once, again; I knew that I was right." "Well, it was my pleasure to come to your rescue, my lady." I kissed her lips lightly. "I did, however, know that once I saw you again that I would be a fool to let you go." I kissed her like I did on her doorstep when I dropped her off after her prom when she was only eighteen years old. Since that night, we've hardly been separated. We spent that summer together before moving cross country for school. We remained together through, school, exams and my residency. We moved in together and getting married after her college graduation. Bella soon after became pregnant with our first then our second and lastly our third child. "This song goes out to the Bride's parents." Emmett announced, he tossed me a wink. Anne Murray started singing "Could I Have This Dance?" I leaned down and kissed my wife sweetly as we spun across the dance floor lost in our own world. A/N: This storyline popped into my head when I was watching a sitcom of girl being stood up at a dance, and the memories of middle school dances popped into my head. I had the mean girls tell me the D.J. asked me to dance. Like Bella, I didn't believe them. The D.J. was nice enough to tell me he couldn't dance with me privately and halted their trick. However, I thought Edward should put his own spin on it. Note: Edward didn't see Bella as anything more until she was older(18). He would've been about 23 by prom. So there is no sketchiness about it. The song they danced to I picked because of the beginning lyrics. Edward wasn't necessarily implying he was prince charming at the time. Just giving Bella hope that one day one would come for her. I know I said vampward was next, and I am working on it. I had four stories in my head, and it was hard to focus on just one. So I wrote the first chapters or so of each so it would clear up. One is now speaking more than the others, so I'm going to focus on that one. Thank You For All Your Reviews.