with laughter. "What's so funny?" She scowled at me. "Well first, I don't even consider you a friend, let alone my best friend. Second, you would think you would recognize your own cousin." She looked sharply back at Edward. "Excuse me, love." He reached into the inner pocket of his jacket that I was still wearing. His hand brushed my breast, and my heart fluttered. He pulled out his glasses then slipped them on. Tanya sucked in her breath sharply and her jaw dropped. "Better?" he asked her. She stood there fuming, when she fully realized who he was. "Are you kidding me? If you could actually look like that, then why do you show up to school looking like a social reject? Are you two plotting against me?" Her accusing eyes darted to me. She was building up to unleash on him, from the look on her face. She just needed a reason to make herself the victim. "No, of course not. I graduated high school four years ago. I was there to conduct an experiment on the social structure of the school. It had nothing to do with you at all. I didn't meet Bella prior to it. But I'm happy that I have now," he explained, giving me a shy grin in the end. "Well, you can make it up to me by introducing me to one of your college friends." She huffed tapping her foot impatiently. "Why should he? You went out of your way to be horrible to him and make him an outcast. He did nothing to you that he should be ashamed of. If anything, you owe him." I scoffed. She tossed me a scathing look before looking back at Edward. "Well," she demanded. "Well, what?" Edward's voice had a nervous edge to it. "She's right. I wouldn't even introduce you to my worst enemy, let alone a friend." "I could make Bella's life miserable. She's still in school. How about introducing me to that big guy, that was in there?" She crossed her arms with a sinister smile she tried to threaten me. "That big guy belongs to me," a new voice cut in. Rose appeared out of nowhere, and stood toe to toe with Tanya. Tanya flinched back from her as if she had been shocked. "Now see here, little miss thing, I've heard a lot about you and I heard you for myself, just now. I don't like you. You're a mean, spiteful bitch. I don't like bitches who think they are better than everyone else. So stay the hell away from my man, and stay away from my friends. You're lucky it's Christmas time and I've decided to be nice. I won't be the next time. You may think you're the queen bee, but you're just a sorry excuse for an insecure girl. Peddle your crap somewhere else," Rose hissed at her. Tanya stomped her foot and flounced away. She slammed the door entering the house. I didn't know whether to be impressed by Rose or intimidated. I definitely knew that I didn't want to be on her bad side. She turned to us and her posture relaxed. "I know she's your cousin, but that girl better watch herself." She looked at Edward before she focused on me. "Hi, I'm Rose. I'm assuming by the way Edward here is looking at you that you're Bella." She smiled warmly, a polar opposite of a moment ago. "Yes, nice to meet you, Rose." I held out my hand. She ignored it and stepped forward and gave me a small hug. "I'm not normally such a bitch. Only when the people I care about are being threatened, but I can be brutally honest at times. I think we will be good friends from what I have heard about you so far." She looked at Edward's and my linked hands with a smile. "I know you're the first girl that caught this bookworm's attention, so you must be something special." "Rose." Edward's ears turned pink, again. "Oh, Edward, I'm just teasing you. I'm happy that she's seems perfect for you. Besides, it's better that I found you than Bella's dad. He had to leave because of a work emergency; I had volunteered to find her. I'm sure you won't mind giving her a ride home." She winked at him. "Of course not." He shook his head. "Good, in the meantime stop hogging her. The others will like to get to know her too. It will be easier for her to visit in Seattle, if her father thinks she has girl friends to stay the night at." She linked her arm with mine. She started to walk to the house. I pulled him along with us. "One second, Rose, we will be right there." I stopped right before going into the house. "Okay, but if you're not in there in three minutes, I will send Emmett out for you." She grinned slyly before stepping into the house. "Are you alright? I know Rose can be a bit…" I cut him off with a kiss. "I just wanted one more. I like kissing you; I may be addicted," I whispered against his lips. I pecked them one more time and I looked up at him through my eyelashes. "That won't be our last kiss tonight," he vowed as he touched my cheek. "Merry Christmas, Bella." "Merry Christmas, Edward," I responded with a smile. MP A/N: Merry Christmas! Thank you all who voted for my story. This story will be extended from where this left off. I don't plan on a full-fledged story, but there will be handful of chapters looking in on the couple. The second chapter will pick-up when they go in, but the third will jump to Valentine 's Day. After that I'm not too sure but at least two past that. If you noticed, I took off the epilogue and will post it again at the end. Thank You For All Reviews!