I blinked and leaned forward; I used my finger to lift his lip so I could see his teeth. "Bella, what are you doing?" He tried to speak around my finger. He pulled back and gave me a strange look. "I had the most curious dream that you were a firefighter who rescued me from a tree.I agreed to make you dinner as a thank you before we had this most mind-blowing kiss. You then told me you were a vampire and bit my neck to make me yours for eternity." I explained; my mind was still hazy He looked at me and blinked twice. He started to shake from his silent laughter. "That has to be your best pregnancy dream yet. Did I sparkle too?" He picked up my book that I was reading before bed and waved it in front of me. The book he was teasing me about was a love story between a vampire and a human girl. I stuck my tongue out childishly at him, which only made him laugh harder. I looked down and caressed my small bump. The tiny occupant kicked me, making me smile. I loved being pregnant, but my dreams had been crazy. They started off normal, and always ended in a bizarre way. "I don't know, I was kind of partial to the one where you were a pirate, and you kidnapped me, and held me hostage; and the one where you were a prince, and you taught me to ride your steed. Sometimes my dreams feel so real it's difficult to know what was real and what wasn't." I pouted. "Well, it sounds as if most of this dream was true. I did meet you when Irescued you out of a tree when you went up after Alice's cat that Jasper's stupid dog, Jake, chased up there. That dog was obsessed with that cat — and you if I recall." Edward scowled. "Jake was harmless." I waved my hand dismissively. "We didn't kiss. I wanted to, but we were interrupted by a wailingAlice,who was glad you didn't fall to your death in her yard. If I recall, you kept me on first base for about a month into our relationship." He gave me a playful pout. "We can fix that," I suggested with a seductive grin. He rolled closer to me and kissed my lips lightly. "We could still make up for lost time if you want," he purred, he wrapped his arm around me. "Do you know what I want?" I licked my lips. "What, my brown-eyed girl?" He rubbed my bump and kissed my cheek. "A slice of leftover pie from dinner." My stomach growled. "And so does your daughter." Edward's head drooped slightly, resting against me, as his shoulders shook with laughter. "As you wish." He teased me about my Princess Bride fantasy. He rolled out of our bed with a sigh. "I'll take your dreams any day over mood swings. I lucked out that you don't cry at a drop of a hat like Alice did." Edward winked as he grabbed a pair of his boxers. I blushed thinking about how many of my dreams we did bring to life after I had them. "Oh, Edward, bring the rest of the chocolate covered strawberries, too," I asked. "You want chocolate covered strawberries on your apple pie?" He tried to hide his grimace at my odd request. "They aren't for the pie. They are for another dream I had." I grinned. His eyes widened and he grinned goofily. He spun and left the room so quickly he bumped into the door jam. I closed my eyes as I waited. … I was at the stove when Edward slipped up behind me, giving me a start. I pivoted backward, and the wooden spoon I was holding flew into the air, knocking over the chocolate sauce I was making for the strawberries. As I turned, the back of my apron tie hit the open flame and caused it to catch on fire. The smoke that emanated from the fabric made the smoke detector begin to shriek as Edward quickly tore off the apron and threw it into the sink. In his haste, he also tore open my shirt, scattering tiny, white buttons all over the floor. After he had thrown a potholder at the detector, it stopped its incessant noise and we both looked at each other in shock. What the hell just happened? Suddenly, Edward's eyes darkened to flint black as he took in my hardened nipples, which were now on full display. In a blink of an eye, he was on me, pressing his lips to mine in a hungry kiss. His muscled arms caging me to the counter. He slowly reached over and ran his hand over the spilled chocolate until his fingers were smooth and shiny. Those same fingers then brushed over my chest, leaving a trail of yummy goodness behind. As he began to pinch my engorged nipples and rub circles over them, I swear I heard him growl. He followed suit with his other hand and soon I was a writhing, whimpering mess and needed more of him. As if he could read my mind, he then began to lick and suck, swirling his tongue seductively … my wanton moans spurring him on as I shifted my hips into him harder . "Bella?" I blinked as he waved a hand in front of my face. He was looking at me expectantly with an amused smile on his face. "Did you get started without me?" I blushed and he was on the bed in an instant, pie and strawberries in hand. "Here you go, my brown-eyed girl." Edward, my husband and lover, Cullen, said as he dangled a piece of the luscious fruit in front of my lips. I haven't shared that dream with him yet, but tonight will be the night. A/N: Thank you to everyone that voted and reviewed my story.