me." His eyes glowed with warmth. "You don't want to dance with me. I'll only step on your foot or something." I looked up at him from lying on my stomach on the bed. "It's all in the leading. Come on." He pouted. "All right, but I warned you. When you're walking with a limp for the rest of your life, you'll only have yourself to blame," I cautioned with a smile. I climbed off the bed and stood in front of him. "Dually noted." He snickered as he pulled me into his arms. We swayed to the music as we danced barefoot and by some miracle, it was going very smoothly. His eyes locked on mine and his smile lit his whole face as he spun us in a small circle. "See, it's all—" At that moment, I tripped over someone's discarded shoe. I started to fall backward, Edward tried to catch me, but ended up landing on top of me on the bed. "You were saying." I burst out laughing. "I should've kept my mouth shut." He started to shake with laughter too. "You jinxed us," I accused teasingly. He smirked and started to tickle me. I squealed and squirmed as his fingers ghosted over my ribs. Something changed, and his eyes grew darker and hooded. The tickles became more like soft caresses. My giggles faded into moans and my breath hitched. His face was inches from mine. "Tell me if you want me to stop," he pleaded roughly. When I didn't respond, he kissed me and I swear my heart stopped for a moment before speeding up. "Bella—" he begged. My response was to bury my fingers in his hair and pull him back to me. EfE Rain splattered on the windows of the brownstone as I stared out at the Boston skyline from Alice and Jasper's Cambridge apartment. I had been back two weeks, and I missed him like crazy. I couldn't wrap my mind around how he got under my skin so quickly. The next morning when we awoke should've been awkward but it wasn't. I was never the type to have one night stands, but it seemed natural. We parted ways at the airport. As soon as I snapped my seatbelt, I burst into tears involuntary, and the person next to me must have thought I was nuts. We had exchanged numbers and we've been texting each other daily. He was moving soon to help his cousin Whitty with his business. "Bella, are you sure you're okay? You haven't been yourself since you came back from Forks?" Alice seemed concerned. I looked over to her where she sat on the couch, looking exhausted, trying to feed Maggie. Margaret Isabella Whitlock came into the world screaming three days ago. She had gotten her hair and lungs from her mother, but had her dad's green eyes. "I'm fine. Is it weird that I miss him so much." I leaned against the wall. "Who, that Enterprise guy?" Alice raised the baby up to burp her. "You're in love with him." "How can I love him? He's practically a stranger." I argued weakly. "Face it my friend, you fell hard and fast. Why else did you fu…make whoopie with him so quickly. That isn't like you. He was special and somewhere inside you know it." She switched to the opposite side to feed Maggie. "Make whoopie? Really, Alice." I snorted. "Don't deflect to avoid facing the truth." Alice gave me a pointed look. "When Jasper gets back with his cousin, go call Enterprise guy." "His cousin? I thought you said it was his brother?" I asked confused. "I guess they were so close growing up they were more like brothers. I never met him myself since he was in Europe and couldn't get back for the wedding." Alice shrugged, she pulled a blanket up to be discreet. It couldn't be, right? I was being too hopeful. What are the chances… "We're back. We had to stop because my bro had suddenly decided to be Prince Charming and get flowers for every girl in the place," Jasper called. They came into view, and my heart stopped as butterflies fluttered around in my stomach. I watched as he handed flowers to Alice first, but I felt like I was stuck underwater until he turned my way. "Bella, this is my cousin—" Before he could finish, Edward was across the floor in three strides and pulled me into a passionate kiss. "Uhhh…am I missing something?" Jasper sounded confused. "This is Edward from Enterprise." I gasped for breath when he let me breathe. Alice squealed and said something, but I was too focused on Edward to catch what she said. "Did you know?" I looked up at him. "Only two days ago when I saw a picture of you holding the baby. I wanted to surprise you." He gave me a shy smile and handed me a bouquet of lilies. "Best surprise ever." I returned the smile. "So maybe now that we both live in the same town I can take you for that drink sometime?" he asked. "Absolutely," I agreed. Maybe it was officially my turn for a Happily Ever After. A/N: To Meli, My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family through this difficult time. You're an inspiration to us all. I hope these stories give you a bit of cheer. -2brown-eyes/May T. Brown To my readers, This story is a one shot at the time. It was inspired by a commercial from Enterprise Rent-a-Car. Not sure how if the company is global but you can google it you want to see it. It is the 'Family Reunion' one. This story is one of many that was written for Melistories who is battling cancer. You can find other stories written for Melistories by looking up ' Words of Love for Meli' under writer at fanfiction Thank you for all the love and reviews you have given my story.