I work at your brother's gym," Alice giggled. "His real name is actually Ben. Let me guess, are you Tweety bird?" Edward smirked. "Figures. The one time I wore yellow and I still can't live it down." Alice confirmed his question. "That's Emmett for you." Edward laughed. He looked at me and wrapped an arm around my waist. "I wonder what name he will come up with for you?" He kissed the side of my head. I blushed and glanced at Alice. She was smiling hugely and even Jasper was suppressing a smile. "Ready!" Marie came barreling out of the house with Ben traveling after. I swear that she got her energy from Alice, because I was never like that. "Okay, let's go." She grabbed them by the hand. "Have a nice night," Jasper winked and followed them. As soon as they were gone Edward spun me and started to kiss me enthusiastically. We had a short make out session in my backyard. We were both out of breath when he pulled back, but I could tell how excited he was against my hip. "So, since are kids are preoccupied how about I take you out for that dinner," Edward suggested. "I am a mess," I looked down at myself. "So am I. Some how I ended up with leaves up my shirt." He gave me a playful dirty look. "I'll tell you what, I am going to go home and take a shower and come back to pick you up in an hour. Is that enough time?" "That is plenty," I agreed. I brushed off some leaves and headed to the house. "Bella," Edward called out stopping me. I turned to see him walking up to me. "I want to make sure you know that I am all in." He took both my hands in his. "What do you mean?" I asked cautiously. "I mean I know that you are it for me. I plan on marrying you and hopefully expand our family one day." My eyes widened with understanding. "Are you asking me to marry you?" my voice was barely above a whisper. "Would it be wrong if I did?" There was a glimmer in his eye. "It's a little soon don't you think. We met not even thirty-six hours ago. We don't know each other that well. What about Marie and Ben? Not to mention our families." "Marie and Ben would probably be thrilled to be brother and sister. They get along great. As for our families, in case you haven't noticed, I believe that we have been set up. I caught sight of my father this morning. I am happy to report that he looked healthy as a horse. I even think your father was in on it. He had a similar smile to Alice and Rose when I mentioned that you were watching Ben for me. He told me that we would be good for each other." As he explained I realized that my earlier suspicions were true now. "Still we haven't even gone on a first date yet?" Saying yes right now would just be crazy. "Unless you count yesterday. I did buy you a Happy Meal." I giggled. Edward grew more serious. "We also probably found out about each other's darkest secrets. So it can only get better, right?" "Edward, I do have feeling for you. Things that I never felt before and I can even say I think I am falling in love with you." He cut me off by kissing me soundly. "Then say you will marry me." He pulled back and rested his forehead against mine. Five Years Later…. I was back at that same field I had been at five years prior. It was another warm Autumn day and I stood by waiting for the ride to start. I felt a pair of strong arms wrapping around me. I looked up at my husband of almost five years. I didn't say yes that fall day but Edward asked again on Christmas Eve after the kids were in bed and we sat in front of fire in the fireplace as it snowed outside. He got down on one knee and asked me. The ring was inside a Happy Meal box. That time I said 'Yes'. We were married with-in a week. We took the kids to Disneyland for our honeymoon. Thirty-six weeks later I gave birth to identical twin boys. They had my brown hair and Edward's green eyes. Their names are Seth and Tyler, or as Emmett dubbed them Fox and Hound. "You made it?" I said happily. "Of course. I wouldn't miss this for anything." He kissed my cheek. He rubbed my expanding belly. He chuckled as the occupant kicked his hand away. "How is she treating you today?" he asked sweetly. I leaned back into him for support. "Her lease time is about up." I grumbled. He chuckled and nuzzled my neck. "Perhaps you should stay off the wagon. I am sure it will be less then pleasant at thirty-eight weeks." He suggested. "But," I pouted. I knew he was right. I would regret it even before we made it into the woods. "I promise to buy a Happy Meal for you after," he promised. He gave me a quick chaste kiss. "Alright, as long as I can have my Happy Meal." I smiled. He helped me to a bench before herding our boys on to the wagon. I waved to them as they took off down the dirt path. "Well little one, let me tell you a story as we wait. It started five years ago on a hayride…" A/N A simple one shot that goes with the season. It popped into my head when I was on a field trip with my daughter. I am lucky to say there was no one like Jessica or Mikey there. They might have been quick to get married but sometimes you just know. Thank You For All Reviews.