as she stood there in her crimson dress and barefoot. "Sorry," I chuckled. "Happy anniversary, love." I held out the roses for her. "Oh, Edward, they are beautiful," she cooed, and took them from me and, sniffed them. Last year, my Bella married me on Christmas Eve in front of my parents' Christmas tree. The whole party was her friends, mine, my parents, plus my father's friend, Eleazar, who married us, and his wife. Since then, our lives have only gotten better. After the first of the year, I got my orders to be in Washington State as I had hoped. We moved to a house closer to the base. That March, Bella had her surgery to repair her eyes. I made sure I was the first one she saw, when she opened her beautiful brown eyes. She still needed glasses, but she could see. I knew Jasper was going to propose to Alice this New Year's Eve. Emmett and Rosalie had an off and on relationship for a while, until she decided at Thanksgiving that she would move closer to the base in California, where he got stationed last year, to give their relationship a real go. "I have something else for you?" I pulled out of my deep coat pocket a small, wiggling form. I held it out to her, and her eyes grew wide. She took the tiny animal from me, and cuddled it to her chest. "A kitten. Aww…he...she..." She looked at me for confirmation. She placed the floor on an end table. "She, but she needs a name." I smiled. One of the things I remember from when we were kids was her begging her dad for a kitten. He always told her maybe next year. "She is so cute." She placed the kitten on the floor and we watched it explore around. I took my jacket it off and threw it over the back of the chair, and wrapped my arms around her. The tiny furball seemed to like the tree. She left it after a few moments to find a chair by the fireplace, where she curled up in it and fell right to sleep. "Thank you." She wrapped her arm around my neck. She jumped up, and her legs hooked around my waist, I supported her with my arms to keep her from falling. She peppered my face with kisses, and ran her fingers through my hair. She removed her lips from my mine, and started kissing and sucking at my neck. Her fingers yanked at my shirt trying to get it off. I set her on her feet before I knelt down, and fiddled with her zipper before getting it down, and pushed the straps off her shoulders. She was wearing a lacey red bra with embroidered mistletoe placed over her nipples. I pushed the straps aside and kissed her 'under the mistletoe' while reaching around and unclasping her bra. Her breath hitched as she pushed my pants down over my hips. "There's more mistletoe, but you've got to find it," she whispered huskily in my ear. I met her eyes, which were dark and hooded. I kissed her lips and removed the rest of her dress, placing it gently to the side so she won't get upset later that it got wrinkle before going out. Or maybe I should ruin it so we can stay in. I got distracted by the lacey underwear that matched the bra. Right over her center was more mistletoe as well on the hips. I kissed the hips first as I slid down the underwear and placed a lingering kiss over her heated center. I ached. I wanted her so bad. I kissed my way up her body and before kissing her hard on the lips. I slid into her as she moaned with pleasure. Our bodies moved together as one as we made love next to the Christmas tree; we came together, with her collapsing on my chest. I grabbed a blanket off the arm of the couch and wrapped it around us. A tiny meow reminded us she was there. The kitten blinked, opened her eyes, stretched, turned her back on us and curled back up. Bella laughed. "Oops, I guess we forgot that we aren't alone." "We still need a name for her. How about Dizzy?" I suggested. Bella wrinkled her nose. "We can use our baby name book," she suggested. "What baby name book?" I asked confused. Bella became silent and she bit her lower lip. I looked down at her and her face was flushed pink and she avoided my eyes. "Bella, love, are you pregnant?" I asked. She sighed looking disappointed. She moved away and headed for the stockings. My eyes traveled her naked body for some hint of a baby bump. I grew distracted by her breasts, that I was pretty sure have grown, but she still had a flat belly. "It was supposed to be a surprise for tomorrow." She pulled out a package the size of a pen but flatter. "Here." She handed it to me. I tore my eyes from her, taking the object. I ripped the wrapping paper off and looked down at the words 'pregnant' on a small white stick. "We are having a baby," I mumbled then grinned. I turned to my beautiful wife and kissed her gently. "This is the best present that you could've gotten me." "Good, because a baby can't be returned." She beamed then straddled my waist. She ran her hands through my hair and tugged it slightly. "We won't be able to do this next year, so we should make the most of it." We never made it out that night. A/N: This was my second story that I wrote for the Mistletoe Contest. Didn't submit this one since we were only allotted one. But since it was complete I wanted to post it any ways. This one will not be continued. Thank You For All Reviews!