a car accident; he was fine, but I lost my eyesight. The doctors told me on Christmas that it wasn't repairable. Since then, I've made it my mission to make the most of the holiday, focusing on the good to keep that horrible memory from ruining my favorite holiday." My insides turned to ice, and I started to pull away. What were the odds that she was the girl in the other car? I didn't know much about them except that the girl had a head injury that blinded her. "I'm sorry…so sorry…it was my fault," I rasped. "What are you talking about?" she looked confused. She reached out for me, but I shied away from her touch. She took a step forward with her hand stretched out and slipped on a patch of ice—I reflexively caught her. "Edward, what are you talking about? How can it be your fault?" she asked without skipping a beat. "I was in the same accident; we were headed to the airport to go visit my grandparents. I was angry with my parents for making me go. I wanted to go on a ski trip with my girlfriend's family, but they refused. My mom was singing Whi… they both died on impact." I clenched my eyes shut. "That accident wasn't your fault. There was a third car, the driver was drunk and should never have been on the road," Bella said softly. "I know but…" I trailed off. I still felt so guilty "Charlie, my dad, blamed himself for the longest time. He was the only one not injured in that three-car accident. He thought he should've been able to avoid it since he was a police officer. He finally broke down and began seeing someone to help him with his guilt," she commented lightly. "I'm sure your parents don't blame you and know that you loved them." "I tried a counselor, but I couldn't stand the pitiful looks or how he would stare at me." I grimaced. "How bad were you hurt?" she asked. I paused and then relented. "I had a broken leg and wrist and deep lacerations on my face from the glass. The leg and wrist healed, but I have scars on my face as a reminder of what happened each and every day. My girlfriend at the time called me a freak and dumped me in the hospital. Everyone still stares at me like I'm some sort of monster." "Some people can be cruel." She nodded. "I can't see their stares, but I can hear their whispers behind my back." She reached up her hand and brushed my cheek. I tensed at first then slowly relaxed when I could see the peaceful look on Bella's face. She didn't seem disgusted or act as if she pitied me. She put both hands on my shoulders and raised up on her tiptoes then placed tiny kisses on the worse scars. My eyes fluttered closed as I felt warm inside. She was accepting me despite everything. "You're not a freak, and neither am I. I like you for who you are in here." She placed her hand on my chest. "What's in here, matters most." I covered her hand with my own. "I really like you too," I responded. Her smile brightened her face. She looked so beautiful with her heart-shaped face and turned up nose. There were snowflakes in her hair and at that moment, I couldn't help myself. I kissed her—it was soft and sweet—her breath tasted of peppermints. She returned the kiss and leaned into me. We broke away, and I wrapped my arms around her waist. She rested her head against my chest and sighed happily. "Merry Christmas, Bella," I said quietly. "Bah humbug," She giggled. I snorted. "I'm sorry, this time of year has been hard for me. But you've shown me there are reasons to enjoy it again." "I'm happy to hear that." She kissed my jaw. "Would you be my date for New Years?" I asked shyly. "On one condition. I would like you to spend Christmas with us. It's time for happier memories—your parents would want that for you. I'll even try to make those cookies that you like." She hugged me. "Deal." I nodded. Two years later… "Where are you taking me?" Bella pouted, holding onto me. "You'll see." I grinned when the bridge came into view. It was lit up with lights for Christmas. As soon as our feet hit the snow-covered planks, she grinned. "We're at our bridge," she said cheerfully. "We are," I admitted, stopping us in the middle. I pecked her lips lightly before taking a step back, taking both her hands in mine. "It's been two years since you brought me to my senses, and I'm glad that you did. I now enjoy Christmas again, thanks to you," I confessed. "I'm happy to hear that." She smiled softly. "There's one thing on my Christmas list this year," I told her with a smile. "What's that?" She tilted her head to the side and waited expectantly. I took a deep breath and knelt on one knee. "Marry me?" She covered her mouth with both hands and nodded. "Yes, of course, I will." I pulled my mother's engagement ring out my coat pocket and slipped it on her finger. In my heart, I knew that my parents were both watching me from above, and would want me to be happy.I also knew without a shadow of a doubt that they would have loved Bella. I stood and kissed her heatedly. Once we became breathless, I just held her in my arms. "Merry Christmas, Bella." I kissed the top of her head. "Merry Christmas, Edward." She sighed dreamily. I knew this Christmas would remain my favorite for years to come. A terrible tragedy made the both of us who we are … perfect … For each other. A/N: Thank you for all the reviews and votes you have given my story.