he had no intention of shaking the hand of the man that took his Princess away from him. "Yeah, hi." The man turned away from Edward. "Ren, my shift starts in half an hour. Do you need anything else before I go in?" Edward looked more closely at the man, noting the police insignia on his shirt. The irony that this miscreant was a police officer was— "Charlie is the new chief of police." Renee smiled, still holding the man's arm. "Isn't that crazy, that we wound up back here!" Crazy wasn't the word Edward had in mind. Unjust, certifiable, ironic, inconceivable— "Babe, I got to go." Charlie kissed Renee's cheek and put the box on the counter. "B, figure out where this goes." "Sure Charlie." Charlie stopped, and stared at the girl. "Dad." "Ok, Dad ." Bella rolled her eyes and began opening the box. "Bella wanted to take summer classes, but I think she needed a chance to settle into Forks, don't you think?" Renee took a quick breath then began again. "That girl is always studying, I tried to tell her that life isn't all about books. She graduated early from high school you know." "I did too." Edward glanced at the girl, who was loading her arms with candles. "He speaks." Bella brushed past him, barely looking at him. "I was beginning to think you were mute." "I just talk too much." Renee eyed Edward. "This is where you're supposed to say 'that's not true' or some other polite lie." Edward didn't know what to say, "Oh, I…" "Just teasing." Renee picked up one of the muffins, pushing it into his hands. "Try this. If you thought I was a good baker..." She rolled her eyes and nodded to her daughter. Bella shook her head, still lining up candles. "Baking is just chemistry. Use the right ingredients, measure carefully and pay attention to the recipe." There was something about her no nonsense tone that appealed to him. Girls were always trying to get his attention, after all he was a medical student from an affluent family and fairly good looking to boot, but this girl barely acknowledged he was on the same planet. Feisty- that was the word. She was smart, she could cook, she had the hair—all in all she really was perfect for him. He reached over to the box of candles and carried it to where she crouched, realizing too late that the shelf was full. "Yes, I would have brought the box myself if I wanted more." She took the box from his hand and folded in the flaps, placing it out of sight behind the counter. "Mom, what else?" "Baby why don't you take a break? I'm sure Edward wouldn't mind showing you around town." "I don't know that he can spare the five minutes." She stood and stared at him, her brown eyes trying to convey a message he couldn't decode. Clearing his throat Edward tried to make a better impression. "I'd be happy to. There's a coffee shop—" "Coffee Corral? I was there yesterday." Bella pulled a fluffy feathery thing on a long stick from behind the counter and started dusting the chutney. "Bella Marie, those jars did not get dirty in the half hour they've been sitting there." Renee took the duster from her daughter's hand and pushed her out towards Edward and the door. "Don't make those child labor people come after me. Go." "Mom." Bella crossed her arms. "Now you're messing up the energy in the store. No arguing, now I'm going to open some essential oils to balance the negativity. Maybe you need a Reiki massage-" Bella took off towards the door, waving her mother away. "I'm going." Edward looked at Renee, but she was shooing him out the door as well. He tripped over the bag of potatoes in the doorway and looked up and down the sidewalk as he recovered. Bella was at the corner crossing the street. He bounded a few quick paces until he was next to her. She didn't say a word until they were halfway down the next block. Bella stopped and turned to him. "Okay, she can't possibly see us. You can go about your business." "I don't mind showing you around." "I don't need to be shown around. I could hold my breath and make it around half this town. Your Dudley Do-Right routine is done. Go back to wherever you came from." She stepped around him and continued down the street. Edward followed, dodging the tables set up on the sidewalk, a trash can and a stroller, trying to keep up with her as she wove through the crowded walkway. "Maybe I want to get to know you. You don't know anyone in town, right?" "Nor do I plan to. I'm off to finish college, then medical school. I have no intention—" "You can't just assume you're getting into medical school, first you—" "I graduated high school in two years, I got a perfect score on the SATs, 99th percentile on the practice MCATs I took last year. I will be going to medical school. I will not be wasting anytime establishing relationships in this silly little town. Understand?" She strode away. This was some sort of nightmare, Edward determined. The object of his obsession had morphed almost completely from sweet teen to hippie earth mother. The villain got the girl, and their offspring was beautiful, there was no doubt, but where Renee had been all sweetness and gentle smiles, this girl had a sharpness he could still feel scarifying his skin. Her scorn for him couldn't be clearer, and yet…she looked like the girl he'd been trying to find his whole life. AN: This was one of my entries in the Meet The Mate contest, the first Fanfic contest I've ever entered. I enjoyed the feedback. This story has a couple of chapters written, but I won't start posting them until I've finished the story.