sweet, and I'm happy for her." "Yeah," he mutters. "Me, too." His response is less believable. I sigh and wonder how my life had become like this. One moment, I had dreams of having a family with a husband of my choosing. Dreams of Leah and me growing old, sharing recipes, and taking care of our kids together. "Are you okay?" Sam's looking at me warily, and his finger tilts my chin up. "Is something wrong?" "I'm fine." I push his hand away, keeping my eyes away from him. "I'm just a little tired." "No, that's not it," he says a little more forcefully. "Did something else happen back there?" Now he's on high alert, because his imprint isn't content. He moves like he's going to stand up and confront her. In other words, he's about to make an ass of himself. "No, Sam!" I warn him. "Don't you dare ruin this day for Leah!" He backs off, but he's still eyeing me cautiously. I can't help the anger that rises within me. The need to make Leah's day as joyful as possible becomes my mission. I will take on anyone who gets in the way. His constant hovering has landed on my last nerve. I can't do anything without him worrying about me. I know it seems like a great thing to have my husband bending over backward to fulfil my every need, but after a while, it gets tedious. I remember Leah telling me stories about Sam, and how they used to do exciting things like cliff diving. Sam would never take me cliff diving because, "It's too dangerous." Our arguments never last. I used to find ways to pick a fight with him, just to get him angry at me, but it never worked. He always conceded. "I'm sorry," he says, trying quell my anger. "I just don't want to see you hurt." The imprint is talking now. "Trust me, I know." My eyes roll, and I know he sees it, but I don't care. "I'm fine. Please just drop it." "Okay," he says uneasily. His hand squeezes my shoulder, trying to find a way to ease an ache that he can't understand. I look over at the groom, standing next to Old Quil. He's a handsome man, about six feet tall with black hair and a honey golden skin tone that makes his hazel brown eyes pop. As he stands there in a black tuxedo with a royal blue bow tie, I notice he's not nervous either. His eyes dart toward the door constantly, eagerly waiting for his bride. We'd met him officially last night. He was nice and polite, although I did see him hold Leah a little closer when Sam shook his hand. Aunt Sue and Chief Swan had known him for years. Seth always had good things to say about him, so it shouldn't have been a surprise when they decided to get married. The music starts, alerting everyone that the wedding is about to begin. The room has settled, and the groom looks on. As the groomsmen escort their bridesmaids to the front of the room, I think about the situation we're all in. Jared is standing across from Kim, glancing at her. But she's not looking at him. Instead, her eyes dart to the crowd where another man sits. She smiles at him warmly, and it pains me. She's been cheating on Jared for over a year now. She even confided in me that she's in love and thinking of leaving Jared. That will destroy him. This brings me to Jacob Black, the Alpha wolf of the other pack. His imprint, Bella's daughter, Renesmee, left him about a year ago. The whole imprinting sort of took her for a loop, and she didn't know how to deal with it. Especially since Jacob was in love with her mother at one point. Bella was certain that she just needed space. Sam told me that Renesmee has found another vampire that she loves and is willing to convert to a vegetarian diet to be with her. The act of standing up there takes a lot of his strength. His normally russet skin pales so much, he resembles a vampire. The dark circles around his eyes make him look about ten years older than he is. It's not all bad news. Rachel and Paul seem to be getting along well. She's always dotting on him and saying how proud she is to be his wife, but even he looks different. His temper has simmered down quite a bit over the years, and others will joke about how his reputation has changed since he met Rachel. The music changes to the wedding march, and the audience rises. Leah Clearwater stands there, holding on to Seth's arm. Her brother leans down, whispers something in her ear, and then kisses her cheek. Taking choreographed steps, they walked down the aisle. I gasp as Leah walks past me. The locket is around her neck, resting against her chest. When I look at her, she's smiling back at me. Then her eyes look forward and land on her future husband. That's where they stay until they reach the front of the hall. They are reading their vows, and I start to cry. I'm not the only one. Aunt Sue is a mess. Even Seth is wiping his eyes. Once Old Quil announces that they were man and wife, her new husband kisses her and it seems like love is bursting from them at the seams. As I watch them walk down the aisle hand in hand, it hits me. Maybe destiny has always had a plan for Leah. By taking everything away, it gave her a chance to get the life she didn't even know she wanted. She was able to leave and follow her dreams. It just proves that her destiny was bigger than this, bigger than us. A/N: As always, I'd love to hear your thoughts! :)