in agreement and headed inside. As the door softly clicked shut, Jacob looked out at the forest. The soft creaking of the porch swing told him that Leah was approaching. She walked past him and slowly descended down the stairs. "Well," she said, turning to look up at him. "I'm glad we'll be leaving soon. We won't have to worry about all this pack drama." Jacob moved down the stairs and stood next to Leah. "Let's take a walk." He pulled on her sleeve for her to follow. She exhaled, stuffed her hands in her pockets, and followed him. He had to do this carefully, or he could ruin all the progress she'd made in the last year. She'd come a long way from the mean harpy that she once was. There were no more agonizing memories of what she had shared with Sam in the pack mind, or even the thoughts of her fertility. The last thing Jacob wanted to do was send her free- failing in a sea of pain, simply because she felt betrayed. They were in the confines of the forest when Jacob stopped walking. He could hear her heartbeat picking up with anxiety, and he knew he had to just tell her. She always hated people walking on eggshells around her. "We can't go, Leah." He looked over at her for a response. Even in the darkness, Jacob had no problem seeing the shocked expression on her face. Then she began laughing nervously. "Whoa, Jake, you almost had me there." "I'm serious, Leah." He pulled on her shirt to get her to look at him. While she stared at him in shock, he continued. "I've been thinking about it for a while. This thing with Ness was the final straw. We have to join the two packs so we can communicate better." Jacob watched Leah's face contort into pure anger and hatred. "You stupid asshole!" she screamed. "How could you do this to me? I thought you were my friend!" She stomped off, pushing aside low-hanging branches to clear her way. "Leah, wait!" he called after her. He moved quickly, knowing that if she phased, she'd outrun him. "Just listen to me!" "Listen to what?" She stopped and spun around, causing Jacob to jump back. "More of your bullshit? I won't go back into his head, Jacob! I won't!" He saw the angry tears pooling in her eyes that she refused to let fall. He reached out to her and she snatched her arm away. "Things will be different this time, Leah," he pleaded. "I promise." "If I have to take orders from him…" She hastily wiped her tears. "Who said anything about taking orders from him?" Jacob's brow furrowed. She paused for a moment. "I thought…" "Leah," he said with a gentle laugh. "I'm taking over as Alpha, and I already have you as my Beta. Sam would be my third." Leah paused and looked up at Jacob. "So Sam would have to listen to my suggestions? And he'd have to respect my decisions in your absence?" Jacob nodded smugly and crossed his arms. "I haven't talked to him about it yet, and I'm hoping it won't be too hard for him. It might be a relief for him with Emily and the wedding…" He stopped when he saw the sad look on Leah's face. It was obviously still a sore spot. "I need to make sure Ness is safe and that a war doesn't start between the Cullens and the pack. If we leave now and there's another incident, you know what will happen. Do you want to come home to that? What if something happens to Seth because we left?" Jacob knew that one of the most important things to Leah was her little brother. "You're my second in command, so I wanted to approach you first. Then we can talk with Embry, Seth, and Quil. Then I'll go see Sam." "I don't know, Jake," Leah replied. Jacob was happy to see that she wasn't angry anymore. "I know that it wasn't his fault that he imprinted, and I really do wish him the best, but I don't think I can handle being around him yet." She wrapped an arm around her stomach and weaved her fingers through her hair. "It will be okay, Leah," he said, throwing an arm over her shoulder. "Trust me. Besides, it seems you have a new hunting partner." Leah glanced at him and smiled. "Ness couldn't stop talking about how much fun she had today. When I tried to call her 'Red', she told me that that was your name for her. She'd be really disappointed if you left now." "Yeah, until Bella finds out," Leah grumbled. "We're not exactly BFFs." Jacob hadn't been present during the infamous showdown at the Cullen mansion, but he'd seen it through the pack mind. It was common knowledge that Leah didn't mince her words when it came to Bella's constant indecisions. Leah did apologize for being so harsh after Bella admitted that she'd been a little selfish when it came to Jacob and ever since then they'd been civil, but that was where their relationship ended. "I'll talk to Bella, and she'll come around." Jacob squeezed her shoulder. "I can't do this without you and Sam. The new wolves need to know that the Cullens are not the enemy, and we need to be united in case we get attacked again." "I see your point, Jake," Leah said, walking away from him. "And I'll talk to Sam about his thoughts," Jacob assured her. "I'm sure Sam has his own tricks. We all do." "Okay," Leah conceded with a deep exhale. "If you need me, I'm here." "Great!" He hugged her tightly. "Okay, Jake," she squealed when he lifted her off her feet. "You know you're not my type." Jacob laughed. "Oh, Leah, you know you love me." A/N: I'd love to hear you thoughts if you feel like sharing!