it was warm and cozy. Stepping away, I disposed of the condom and watched Leah slowly lift herself from the table. The red ribbon hung lazily over her body, clearly not covering her private parts anymore, and her hair was a chaotic tangle on top of her head. She looked so sexy, and I knew that I wanted her again. Another thing I noticed, her face held no regrets. Honestly, I didn't regret it either. I reminded myself that she was married, but I still couldn't feel bad about it. I'd been in her shoes, and everyone dealt with betrayal in their own way. Leah's was to get a little revenge, and I was happy to help her do it. "Happy Birthday, Edward," she said, pushing her bangs out of her eyes. I walked toward her, pulling her to her feet by the ribbon. "Thanks, Leah." I kissed her cheek. "Best birthday ever." "I'm glad." She started to walk away when I grabbed her arm. "Where are you going?" I asked, pulling back toward me. "My birthday doesn't officially end until midnight." That impish smile graced her lips again, and I kissed her long and deep. Grabbing the condoms off the table, I took her hand and headed to my bedroom. The next morning, I woke up with a pleasant ache in my muscles. We'd fucked all over the room. Against the wall, on the bed, and I'd come with a fire each and every time. Leah was everything I'd hoped for and more. I never knew she was so sexual, and I doubted that Sam had any clue or else he wouldn't be cheating on her. The rising sun beamed over her body, making her skin shimmer as she slept peacefully. She was still gloriously naked, which only increased my morning wood. I felt something tickle me, and I looked down at the red ribbon laying over my stomach. I'd finally gotten that thing off her, officially opened my present and then some. She moaned and then opened her eyes. "Hey," I whispered, pushing her hair out of her face. She smiled sheepishly at me. "Hi." A little grogginess hung in her throat, making that small word sound like it should be a part of some sexy phone call. She moved toward me and nestled in my embrace. "You're so warm," I commented in her hair as her hands came around my waist. She laughed. "I'm weird like that, I guess." "So is Sam expecting you home?" I asked into her hair. "Last night he told me he had a meeting that would probably run late, so he'd grab a room at a hotel for the night." She tensed in my arms. "I know what kind of meeting that requires a room." My fingers danced up and down her spine to help soothe her. She relaxed as she nuzzled into my chest. "Are you sorry you came here?" I asked tentatively. "Nope," she said, squeezing my waist. "Sam's out there not giving a damn about me. Why can't I have a night when I don't give a damn about him? I had fun last night, and it felt good." "Sure did." I chuckled. "It felt real good." She lightly hit me as a giggle escaped her lips. It was beautiful; I loved hearing her laugh. A sudden knock at the door silenced both of us. We sat still, holding each other and waited. For the life of me, I couldn't figure out who it was. Jacob was still in Hawaii. Maybe Emmett or my parents? The knock sounded through the condo again. "Stay here, okay," I said and kissed her forehead. She nodded as I stood up. I grabbed pair of sweats and opened the door. "I'm going to lock this, just in case." "Okay." She held the sheet protectively around her body. I click the door shut and checked that the door was locked. That incessant knocking continued as I looked around the living room. My clothes were still scattered all over the floor, and I hurriedly threw them on the couch. "Geez, hold on!" I screamed. After checking the peephole, I pulled to door open. The two men standing behind the door stared at me, wondering why I hadn't gotten there sooner. "It's about time!" one of the men said. "I don't have all fucking day!" "What the hell do you want?" I kept the door slightly closed. "We came to pick up the dining room table," the other said in a bored tone. "Bella Swan said that her dining room table was here." I turned around and looked at the table. The memories of me and Leah on top of the table flashed in front of my eyes. They moved to go around me, but I didn't let them through. "You know what? Tell Bella I've changed my mind. I'm keeping the table." "What?" they shouted together. "Yep, I'm keeping the table. And if she doesn't like it, she can talk to my lawyer." With that I slammed the door. I laughed loudly and headed back to my room. Knocking lightly on the bedroom, I said, "Leah? It's me." I heard some rustling, then the locked clicked. She opened the door with the sheet wrapped around her. "Who was it?" "Moving people for the dining room table," I answered as I stepped inside. "Bella finally sent someone to get it" "Well, no offense, but it is kinda ugly." She adjusted the sheet around her body. "I kept it," I answered smugly. "Why?" she asked. "Because." I placed my hands over hers to pull the sheet free. "Every time I see that table, I'll think of you." The sheet fell to the floor, revealing her beautiful body. "You know, I still have one condom left." "Really?" she said as I kissed her neck. "Well, we shouldn't let it go to waste." "You're right," I said, pulling her toward the bed. A/N: I'd love to hear your thoughts.