like honey. He doesn't return the kiss right away, probably because angels are so pure and innocent, but no sooner had I thought it he returns it with gusto. I moan into the kiss as my angel lifts me up to sit in his lap. His arms wrap around me as his hands take up residence around the back of my neck and in my hair. The make out session continues until I feel something damp on my skirt so I open my eyes. "Mr. Whitlock!" I scream in shock as I try to shove him away from me but he still has me trapped in his arms. "I thought I told you its Jasper, darlin," he says while pulling me forward to reconnect with my lips. I stop him. It was the damp denim of his jeans that I felt beneath me. So this is not a dream… this is real and I just made out with my boss. I am so fired…wait he kissed me back. "You kissed me back," I speak my thoughts as I looked into his eyes, hoping that he wasn't one of those types of bosses. "Bella, of course I kissed you back I have wanted to do that for months now." I give him a confused look. "I've seen you around, Bella…many times; you are a dedicated worker." I hadn't realized that in my need to prove myself at work I didn't notice that the hottest man in the world was checking me out. So lean in and continued kissing him. Groaning and moaning is all that can be heard until my button down blouse is ripped open. Pulling away from each other, I looked at Jasper with heat in my eyes. Oh it's going down like that huh. I untangle myself from him standing up quickly shedding the ruined blouse and unzipping my skirt. It flares as it falls to the floor surrounding my feet. I am now standing in front of him in just my bra and panty set. His eyes trail my entire body from top to bottom lingering on my breasts for a beat. "You are so beautiful, darlin." My cheeks redden at the compliment. "So sexy. Come here, Bella." Walking back over to him I place my hands on his shoulders saying, "I want you." I lean down placing my lips onto his. He groans as I run my tongue over his bottom lip gaining access to his hot mouth forcing my tongue into the mix as I climb back on top of him, straddling his hips. "Wait." He picks me up placing me back on the sofa and stands. Looking down at me with a smirk on his face he unzips his damp jeans, peeling them off. I laugh as he starts to wiggle out of them. "Need some help there mister?" I reach out to assist in pulling them down his legs. Eventually we succeed and Jasper kicks them off the rest of the way once they meet his feet. He's completely bare. I really want to lick him, again He grabs the condom that he had placed on the coffee table before finishing the removal of his jeans. He opens the foil wrapper with his teeth rolling the condom down his massively impressive girth. He reaches for me, lifting me effortlessly from the couch causing me to wrap my legs around his waist. He supports my weight by placing his arm underneath my ass. Moaning, I look down as he shifts the crotch of my panties to the side impaling me with his length. "Jasper!" I cry his name as he pushes into to me with a hard quick thrust. "Look…at me," he demands, and I look at him; he starts to move within me. "You like that, don't you?" I moan from the intrusion of his warmth. "YES!" I scream as he hits that special sweet spot inside me. "Just like that baby," he eggs me on as my hips move against him. "Jas-PER!" I reach my peak before he does but that doesn't stop the assault of my insides. Jasper tries to catch his breath without losing eye contact. He moves us from standing in front of the couch to him sitting on it. He's still inside of me. "I'm so close, baby, just a…little…more." This new position gives him a different angle, making him groan against my neck. I try to help him along by tightening my muscles around his pulsing member. "Bel-la, uh, DARLIN." That must have done the trick. I stare at his beautiful face as he falls into his orgasm, causing me to meet a second blissful release. It takes us both a minute to catch our breaths as I collapse on top of him, exhausted. I ask the question that we've been avoiding since I arrived. "I guess we need to discuss the reason that I drove all the way up here, huh?" A laugh escapes me. "You know, before I have to head out," I continue, sadly voicing my fear that this encounter was a one time thing. "Darlin, you aren't going anywhere. The tornado warning is until Monday." He laughs, kissing me on the top of my head. I nestle even more into his neck. "Aw damn! Whatever shall we do?" "I can think of a few things," he says while placing his hand underneath my chin lifting it up to force me into another kiss and the next round of our lovemaking. I hope! FIN A/N: Hey, Abby I hope that you enjoyed this. I have been reading some of your stories and they are amazing. Thanks, Tiff for beta'ing this, you rock! This was originally written in chapter form so I may decide to continue with these two at a later date. I had the title: Secret Thoughts of Accountants in mind ever since I wrote Secret Lives of Librarians but never found an idea that worked until now, so thanks for that Abby!