of me, pining my arms and legs down. I struggled to get free. "Who are you?" my attacker demanded. His voice was smooth, deep, and clear, holding a hint of a threat if I didn't cooperate. "I am Afton." I answered calmly. Antagonizing this vampire would not help. "I saw the way you killed that other vampire back there, what are your plans?" the vampire asked, tightening his hold on my arms. "I mean no harm towards you. I only killed the other vampire to get away from him. He had to die." I answered, my voice still calm and collected. "Why?" "If you let me up, I will tell you everything you want to know." I bargained. The vampire hesitated. After a few minutes of contemplating, he jumped up and away from me. I got quickly to my feet, facing the strange vampire. He was tall, about a foot or so taller than I was. His hair was blond, curly, and framed his face. The vampire looked to be in his early twenties. He was muscular, but not too exceedingly buff. His eyes were a bright crimson. "Hmm." I said softly. "How long were you following me?" "Just right after I saw you kill that vampire." He said. "I just wanted to see if you were a threat to me." "Was that you who made me feel…" I trailed off. The vampire smiled. "Yes, that was me. I can make people feel – or at least make them think they do – repulsed by me. It comes in handy, I can tell you." "A shield." I whispered to myself. Shields were very rare, Aro must not know about this vampire. If he did, he would have done everything he could to make him part of the guard. "Excuse me?" the smile slipped off his face. "You have a defensive talent. It's meant to keep others away from you – powers like that are called shields. I'm one myself." "Wow. I've never thought of that. I've never heard of such a thing as a vampire shield…interesting." The vampire whispered, amazed. "What can you do?" "I can make myself invisible." I smiled. "Want to see?" "Sure." I closed my eyes in concentration. I felt the familiar tingling sensation over my body as I made myself disappear. The vampire's awed gasp made me smile. I reappeared. "Wow." The vampire said again. "Allow me to introduce myself, my name is Fred." "Fred." I said, nodding. "So." Fred hesitated. "Why did you kill that other vampire? Why did you need to get away from him? "That's a long story." I murmured. "I have no place else to be." Fred encouraged. "Certainly you've heard of the Volturi?" I asked. He must have, every vampire knew of the Volturi. They had to. Fred's eyes narrowed slightly. "I have." "Well, I work for them –" Fred's growl interrupted me. He took on a defensive stance, waiting to attack. "Let me finish!" I demanded. "I told you I mean you no harm and I don't" After a moment of hesitation, Fred straightened from his crouch. "Go on." He said. "I guess you could say that I worked for the Volturi since I never plan to go back there to stay. I plan to return to my mate, Chelsea, who is also a part of the guard. But first, I am in search of someone." Fred was interested now. "In search of who? Why?" "Chelsea and I have grown tired of being a part of the Volturi. We plan to overthrow them so we can live in peace, as well as rule the vampire world. We wish to keep peace, and only that, not at all like the rulers now. To do that, we need the help of the Cullen clan." "Why do you need their help – I mean, what can they do?" Fred asked. "Not really the Cullen clan as a whole." I corrected. "Only one member in particular – Bella is who we want – she is also a shield. "Another shield?" Fred asked his eyebrows rose. "What does this Bella do that's so important?" "She has the ability to shield all mental abilities she encounters. I've only met her once, but she was able to render all of our abilities – the Volturi's that is – useless. Bella truly is powerful – so powerful that Aro is afraid of her." Fred was stunned into silence, shocked. "She's that powerful?" He asked after he got over his shock. I nodded. "She is, and she was only a newborn then. I expect she can do much more with her shield now. She can even keep you out, if she wished." "She sounds like quite a woman." Fred said, his tone wistful. "I would like to meet her." "Bella has a mate." I warned him. "Any plans you have won't work for two reasons; Bella wouldn't look twice at you, and her husband's a mind reader." Fred's eyes widened for a moment. "Well, I still want to meet her – mated or not. And I think…maybe… I could help you." "Really?" I asked shocked by his offer. "Yes, the three of us – you, Bella, and I – could use our shielding powers against the Volturi. From what you said Bella could do, I'm sure it wouldn't be too difficult. And I've heard secondhand on what the Volturi can do, a world without them would be for the better." I pondered this for a moment. Three shields against the Volturi. I liked the odds. Fred's ability could work in our favor, too. Hmm…anything for Chelsea. "Alright." I said. "If you're sure." "I'm sure." "We're headed towards Washington – where the Cullens last lived – from there we can track them to their current location." I explained. "I'm pretty good at tracking." Fred told me. "Good." We broke out into a run, leaving Michigan behind. "So." Fred said as we ran. "Tell me more about Bella and the Cullens."