was all it took for the sudden gust of wind through the open door to crash into me, making me realize why that first person through the door had not interrupted me with his thoughts. I turned, though I didn't really need to make sure. I turned slowly, fighting to control the muscles that rebelled against me. Beau Swan stood with his back pressed to the wall beside the door, a piece of paper in his hands. His eyes widened as he took in my ferocious, inhuman glare. It seems he'd finally learned to be afraid. But it was a little too late now. The smell of his blood saturated every particle of air in the tiny, hot room. My throat burst into flames. The monster glared back at me from the mirror of his eyes again, a mask of evil. My hand hesitated in the air above the counter. I would not have to look back in order to reach across it and slam Mr. Cope's head into his desk with enough force to kill him. Two lives, rather than twenty. Fair trade. The monster waited anxiously, hungrily, for me to do it. But there was a choice – there had to be. I stopped breathing and fixed Carine's face in front of my eyes. I turned back to face Mr. Cope, and heard his internal surprise at the change in my expression. He shrank away from me, but his fear did not form into coherent words. Using all of the self-control I could muster, I made my voice even and smooth. There was just enough air left in my lungs to speak once more, rushing through the words. "Never mind, then. I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." I spun and launched myself from the room, trying not to feel the warm-blooded heat of the boy's body as I passed within inches of it. I didn't stop until I was in my car, moving far too quickly the entire way there. Most of the humans had cleared already, so there weren't many witnesses. I heard a sophomore, D.J. Garrett, notice. Where did she come from – it's like she just came out of thin air… It's probably just my imagination … When I slid into my Volvo, the others were already there. I tried to control my breathing, but I was gasping at the fresh air like I'd been suffocated. "Edythe? You all right?" Archie asked, alarmed. I just shook my head at him. "What the heck happened to you?" Eleanor asked, distracted, for the moment, from her future rematch with Jessamine. I threw the car into reverse. I had to get out of here before Beau Swan could follow me here too. My own personal demon, haunting me… I swung the car around and accelerated. I hit forty before I was on the road, then hit seventy before I made the corner. Without looking, I knew that Eleanor, Royal and Jessamine had all turned to stare at Archie. He shrugged. He couldn't see what had passed, only what was coming. He looked ahead now. We both processed what he saw in his head, and were equally surprised. "You're leaving?" he whispered. The others were staring at me. "Am I?" I hissed through my teeth. He saw it then, as my resolve wavered and another choice spun my future in a darker direction. "Oh." Beau Swan, dead. My eyes, glowing crimson with fresh blood. The search that would follow. The careful time we would wait before it was safe to pull out and start over … He winced but did not say anything. The picture grew more specific. I saw the inside of Chief Swan's house for the first time, saw Beau in a small kitchen with the yellow cupboards, his back to me as I stalked him from the shadows …let the scent pull me toward him… "Stop it!" I yelled, unable to bear more. "Damn," he muttered. "I never thought –" And then the vision in his head shifted again. An empty highway at night, the trees beside it coated in snow, flashing by at almost two hundred miles per hour. "We'll wait for you," he said encouragingly. "As long as it takes." Eleanor and Royal exchanged apprehensive glances. We were almost to the turn off onto the long drive that led home. "Drop us here," Archie instructed. "You should be the one to tell Carine." I nodded, and the car squealed to a sudden stop. Eleanor, Royal, and Jessamine got out in silence. Archie touched my shoulder. "You'll do the right thing," he murmured. Not a vision this time – an order. "He's Charlie Swan's only family. It would kill him, too." "Yes," I said. Beau was all he had. He slid out to join the others, his eyebrows pulling together in anxiety. They went into the woods, out of sight before I could turn the car around. I accelerated back toward town, and I knew the visions in Archie's head would be flashing from dark to bright like a strobe light. As I sped back to Forks at over ninety mph, I wasn't sure where I was going. To say goodbye to my mother? Or to embrace the monster inside me? The road flew away beneath my tires. A/N 2 – Well there you have it. I wrote this story under the assumption that the reader had not read Midnight Sun, so if you have and found it too repetitive, I apologize. I didn't want to leave out any details (no matter how trivial) in my characterization of Edythe, while leaving her character consistent with her portrayal in Twilight Reimagined. Anyway, this is by far the longest chapter I've ever written, but I had a lot of fun. That being said, I don't know when I'll update this story, since I'm still working on Twilight Recalibrated. If you liked the story, feel free to review. Thanks for reading!