with a passion. -Annabeth Ummm, I hate to break it to you but if I phase back I'm going to be naked. I'm sure you would love to see it but ya know... -Jacob JUST PHASE BACK! I won't look Jacob. -Annabeth Fine! I'll do it. -Jacob Yay! Thank-you so much Jakey, I would say I owe you one but I don't want to be the naked one strapping clothes to your leg. -Annabeth Jacob phased back and untrue to my word I looked. To say I wasn't impressed would be a total lie. He had the biggest penis I had ever seen. I whimpered slightly and my jaws snapped. Jacob looked at me and gave me a smirk. I let my eyes trail from his feet up his legs. They were perfect, Just like they were carved from a nice hard wood tree. They were smooth and I wanted to feel them rub against mine. Letting my eyes wander higher I was meet with his manhood, I guessed it was at least 8 inches. There was a fine layer of black hair around his balls and it made my mouth water. My eyes wandered up further and I saw the 'V' leading down to his dick that I had caught a glimpse of, It was defined and it stood out perfectly. Looking up wards I saw his chiseled abs, They were glorias and AMAZING, I had never once seen a man who looked as good as Jacob did. I averted my eyes for a quick second and let the image burn into my mind before letting my eyes settle on his face. He had deep brown eyebrows that looked like they were placed there by a artist painting a master-piece, His nose placed in the very center of his face. He had high and sharp cheek bones but at the same time they looked soft. His full deep pink lips called out to me, His lips weren't red in anyway but they were more of manly pink, Plump and ready to be kissed by me. His chin...Nothing much to say about it besides the fact it wasn't oddly shaped. His black hair was cropped short and it was pushed off to the side in the sexiest way possible. And last but not least his eyes, His deep dark brown eyes. They were so inviting and warm. If you stared at them to long you would get lost. "Ahmmm, Are you done? I know I'm hot but seriously, Are you Looking at me naked" Jacob asked cheekily, I guess he noticed as I stared at his body. Oh well. I nodded my head and looked at him questionably. He had picked out ( annabeths_outfit_in_chapter_whispers/set?id=154828334 ) for me to wear. I whimpered at him and gave him the scariest growl he'd ever heard. Jacob laughed and tied the outfit around by leg with a purple rope I had brought. He decided not to phase with me but to instead ride on my back. I nodded my head and knelt down so he could get on. As we were running through the forest Jacob kept murmuring things into my ear that were distracting me slightly. "Damn your fast." "I miss Bella." "I hate vampires." "I think I love you." "Your going to look hot in the outfit I picked out." "I is NAKED RIGHT NOW!" That comment made me stop and fling Jacob off my back of my back instantly. I hadn't even thought about Jacob NOT wearing any clothes. I looked at him and how his bottom half was sticking up out of the bush he was in, HE HAD SHORTS ON. I growled know that me played me in a feeble attempt to make me pay attention to him and how it actually did work. Jacob got out of the bush carefully and I noticed he had a HUGE gash on his arm. I ran over to him still in my wolf form and I pushed him down flat on his ass. I looked at him and then I began to do the strangest thing, I licked his wound. I don't know what came over me to do so but I'm pretty sure it was the wolves instinct and a highly in-humane part of my brain. Jacob just sat there and let my wolf do it's thing. Eventually I stopped licking his wound and licked my lips gently. I looked up at him and saw he was leaning against the bush, his breathing deep and even but his eyes not closed. I looked up into his deep brown eyes with my one blue/silver eye and my one copper eye. I suddenly felt the center of my world shift, It was no longer gravity holding me to the earth it was Jacob. Jacob was my everything and I would do anything, be anything for him. A sister, A friend, A protecter, A lover. I would protect him with my life even if I was going to die. I knelad down in front of him never breaking eye contact when Jacob sprang up from his position and ran. He ran away from me. It tore me apart inside knowing whatever I felt Jacob clearly did not. I phased back into my human form and put on the clothes Jacob had picked out for me, They were AMAZING. Not really my style nor would I normally wear shirts like this but It made me feel different, Like I was worth more then I thought. Anyways, I scraped the Idea of going to this 'Sam' persons house and ran back to mine. I was feeling mixed emotions about what happed, Weather or was good or if it was bad. Jacob and ran away, And I think it's because he knew what just happed. But I guess I'll never know because I'm packing up and moving right into Forks leaving the tiny town of La Push forever and if I'm lucky I'm leaving Jacob too.