my core. When he finally entered my core, I arched my back and grabbed at his hair, pulling him closer, urging him on. He started to thrust his tongue into me faster, and I couldn't stay still. He grabbed my hips and fucked me with his tongue until I was almost on the edge. Once I got to my edge, he inserted a finger into me and then started to suck on my clit again. "Oh my...God! Edward...please, don't...stop!" I screamed. He inserted another finger and thrusted a few more times until I couldn't hold it any longer. "Come for me, baby," he moaned against my center. It was way too much, and I came into his mouth. He started to lick me clean, and once he was done, he looked at me and asked, "Do you want a taste, baby?" I nodded and he climbed up the bed until he reached my lips, as I eagerly locked my lips with his and I was given permission to enter his mouth. I couldn't help the moan that escaped from my throat, I'd never tasted anything like it. I couldn't get enough, but he pulled back so that I could breathe. His eyes were still black and it turned me on even more. "I need you..." he whispered in my ear. "Yes...please!" I begged him, pulling at his jeans. He hadn't taken his clothes off yet. Edward got up of the bed and stripped as I watched. I couldn't stop staring, as he stood there in just his boxers, with his hard-on more than obvious. He noticed me staring and smiled at me, as he crawled in between my legs again. I peeled off his boxers and pushed them down with my feet. He lined himself up with my body and slowly entered me. I couldn't handle the slow movement of his cold member inside of me, so I wrapped my legs around his waist, listening as he hissed in my ear. "I-I can't..." he hesitated. "You won't hurt me. I promise..." I trailed off. "If I even get close to hurting you, you tell me," he said as he yielded with my body. "Yes!" I screamed. He started to pick up his speed and I wrapped my arms around his neck pulling him closer to me. He pulled me up so that I was sitting on his lap with him inside of me, while he was still on his knees. I started to rock my hips and he tightened his grip on my hips, as he moved faster still. "You like that, baby?" he asked as he pistoned inside of me. "Yes, oh yes...Edward!" I screamed as he continued to thrust into me like a mad man. "Oh God, Bella, I'm so...oh God...baby, I need you to get off of me..." he begged. "No..." I continued to rock myself on his lap and he lifted my hips before slamming me back down against his hips. "Edward!" I screamed as I exploded around him. He thrust a few more times, until he came inside of me. "Bellllla!" he screamed, as he began losing his energy and collapsed on top of me. "God, baby, that was amazing..." he said in my ear. "Mhmm..." I hummed, as I ran my hands through his hair. We laid there for another hour, and then we made love sweeter and slower until we had only a half an hour until we had to leave. I must have fallen asleep for a few minutes, because I couldn't see him and he wasn't in bed with me. I started to hear water running, and then he walked out of the bathroom and walked up to the bed. He pulled me out of bed and carried me into the bathroom. Edward climbed into the tub and rested me in front of him. I could barely move, he had loved me so thoroughly. I cuddled into his chest and yawned, glad for the hot water and his arms around me. He started to get my hair wet before he washed it for me. "Can I return the favor?" I asked him. "If you think you can manage," he replied, smirking at me. "I can manage," I said, playfully slapping his chest. I grabbed the sponge and got it soaked. I got his hair wet and then emptied some of the shampoo onto my hand. I lathered my hands together before he lifted me onto his lap so that I could run my hands through his hair. I got his hair all soapy and then I rubbed the soap into his hair. Then I grabbed the sponge again so that I could rinse his hair. He lifted me up this time so that he could get out and grab a towel. He grabbed the bathrobe for me and wrapped me up in it, carrying me back to the bed. "Edward, can we do this again?" I asked him, hoping to God that he'd say yes. "I hope so, Bella, I hope so." We got dressed and went back to the airport, after dropping off the key to the room. We got on the plane and flew home. Edward and I held hands until the airplane lands. I gave him my business card, but he had nothing to give me. We parted ways and I went home to get some sleep before I needed to go to work the next day. ***IWNF*** A week had passed since my encounter with Edward, and I hadn't heard anything from him, so I decided to send Dr. Cullen a letter to give to his son. Dear Stranger, You saw me crying at the airport. Thank you for your understanding, for caring, for giving me hope on the loneliest day of my life. I WON'T FORGET I sealed it and wrote "Edward Cullen" on the outside of the envelope hoping that Dr. Cullen would give it to his son, the one who had given me hope.