minutes?" he smiled. "Yeah. That sounds good." I grabbed his phone and put my phone number and address in for him. I gave him a thank you hug and he felt good, I wanted to stay there forever, I looked across the street and there were Alec and Jasper just leaving Starbucks, Alec shaking his head and Jasper talking him down. I drove home quickly and made sure my condo was decent, which thankfully it was. I changed into jeans and a tank top since we were staying and was barefoot, I lit a fire and opened my blinds to let in the night sky and Seattle's lights. I had a huge condo, it's one of the things I bought with my book money. It was paid for. It was 3500 sq. ft. 3 bedroom 3 ½ bath a hugh open living/dining/kitchen area and then I had the far back corner glassed off into a small library/office for me, it was out of the way so it really couldn't be seen unless you walked deep into the condo. I wasn't sure what type of music Emmett liked so I put on KOL and hoped for the best. I opted for wine instead of hard liquor, it just goes better with Chinese and was getting ready to sit down when my phone rang, a strange number. "Hello?" I asked. "Bella!" the voice boomed. "Emmett hey." I shouted, it was infectious. "They're busy, I'll be about 20 minutes, is that O.K.?" he asked. "Yeah. No problems, you got there during dinner rush, should of guessed." I laughed. "O.K. see you in 20." he laughed and hung up. I decided to get the nerve to call Mike and tell him to fuck off. I walked into the kitchen and poured a glass of liquid courage, threw it back, let it sting and then dialed. "What Bella?" he answered. "Mike, it's over. You treat me like shit. Call me names, don't want me to be with my family, tell me you have plans and then break them, you insulted me tonight and then invited that slut Jess over and you were happy your boss would be looking at her? That's just fucking sick Mike!" I took a breath. "You have no right to tell me what we're going to do Bella. I'm the one who decides and I don't want to break up with you. Jess is only good for one thing and that's when you don't want to give it up or won't please me in the right ways." he stated. "Mike you know what. You're a good for nothing dog! You'd better watch your back. Alec is not happy with you after today and he's watching you." I snapped. "We are over!" I hung up on him. A few minutes later my phone rang and continued to ring, it was Mike, surely pissed. Five minutes later a knock at my door and I was nervous, I was hoping Mike couldn't get hee that fast, on a good day it took him 15, so I was praying, I looked out the peephole and it was Emmett. I sighed with relief. I opened the door and he had 3 bags, I looked at him questioningly "What in the world?" I asked. "Well, I wasn't really sure what you liked, so I got a little of everything, no shrimp and no egg rolls and then I bought more ice cream because I wasn't sure how much you had and I love ice cream." he laughed. I smiled, he was like a big kid, a sexy fucking big kid. "Your phone is ringing." he said. "Yeah, it's no one." I stressed. "Ah. No one being the boyfriend." he looked sad. "Actually, No. While you were out, I did a shot, called him and ended things. It was bothering me so I just did it. I couldn't take it anymore. I don't know why I was with him. I guess lonliness will do that too you, huh? Seeing everyone else happy and in love, you'll stay miserable just to think you're happy." I sighed and fought back the tears. "Hey, I truly understand. I had a bad breakup in Chicago. It's why I came here. But, I was in love with her, we were engaged. She left me for my best friend, he fucking knocked her up, I was pissed. She knew how bad I wanted kids and she kept telling me she wasn't ready and now, they'll be having a kid in a few months. I had to get out of there, besides, all my family is here now. Once Edward and Rose moved here, mom and dad followed. Alice has always been the free spirit, she was gone away at 18 and never looked back, only home for holidays until Jasper came along and then it was for short visits. So, I truly understand. How long have you been with Mike?" Emmett asked. "Almost a year. Nothing serious, he came into the book store buying something for his mom and asked me out. He was sweet at first, then with in a few months it went down hill, we didn't see each other all the time, so I didn't do anything about it. I was still on and off with my book tour, it was about 8 months into our relationship that I caught him, he swore it'd never happen again and then tonight on the phone he just admitted he fucked her when I wasn't available or willing to satisfy him." I scoffed. I sat my plate down feeling sick. "Excuse me a second Em, I need to go to the restroom, make yourself at home." I ran to my bedroom, so I wouldn't embarrass myself. I came out a few minutes later to find Emmett standing face to face with Mike at my front door. A/N: Love it? Hate it? Let me know…. Read and Review…. ***Stephanie owns all*** She's a lucky woman…