wasn't breathing. What was wrong with him? Was this his normal behaviour? Was he and his family just weird and that's why they growl at people and tense up. It couldn't have anything to do with me. He didn't know me from Eve. Neither did his sister for that matter. Finally, the bell rang loudly, making me jump, and Edward Cullen was out of his seat. Although the movement was quick, it was still graceful, and he was out the door before anyone else was out of their seat. I sat frozen in my seat, staring blankly after him. What an ass. I began gathering up my things slowly, trying to block the anger that filled me. I didn't need this on my first day. Whatever that guy's problem was he better sort it out cause there is no way I was continuing the rest of my semester in this class like that. "Aren't you Jacob Black?" a male voice asked. I looked up to see guy with pale blue eyes, blond hair, a baby face. He was altogether good-looking and was, smiling at me in a friendly way. "Yea, that's me" I answered, with a smile. "I'm Mike." "Hi, Mike." "Do you need any help finding your next class?" Everyone, with the exception of a few I won't name, was nice here, even if the did stare plenty. It was refreshing. "I'm headed to the gym, actually. I think I can find it." "That's my next class, too." He seemed thrilled, though it wasn't that big of a coincidence in a school this small. We walked to class together; he was a chatterer - he supplied most of the conversation, which made it easy for me. After my last class I didn't really feel like talking to anyone but Mike was easy company. He was the nicest person I'd met today aside from Angela. But as we were entering the gym, he asked, "So, did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or what? I've never seen him act like that." So, apparently, that wasn't Edward Cullen's usual behavior. "Nah" I laughed "Though he was acting as though he had a stick up his butt" That made Mike laugh. "He looked like he was in pain or something." "I don't know," I responded. "I never spoke to him. It must've been a hell of a big stick." "Don't sweat it. He's a weird guy." Mike said as we walked into the boy's locker room. I smiled at him before walking through the girls' locker room door. He was friendly and clearly admiring. But it wasn't enough to ease the irritation I felt after the last class. The Gym teacher, Coach Clapp, just had us running laps for the period which was easy enough. I was always and active guy and I didn't mind a bit of physical activity. The final bell rang at last. I walked slowly to the office to return my paperwork. The rain had drifted away, but the wind was strong, and colder. I found I didn't mind the cold. I barely felt it even though it was probably freezing. Mom would always joke that I was like a walking furnace, always warn. When I walked into the office, I had to stop myself from turned around and walking back out. Edward Cullen stood at the desk in front of me. He didn't appear to notice my entrance even though the bell had sounded. I stood pressed against the back wall, waiting for the receptionist to be free. He was arguing with her in a low voice, trying to trade from sixth-hour Biology to another time - any other time. I just couldn't believe that this was just about me. It had to be something else, something that happened before I entered the Biology room. The look on his face must have been about another aggravation entirely. It was impossible that this stranger could take such a sudden, intense dislike to me. Either that or this guy had some major issues. The door opened again, and a gust of wind suddenly moved through the room. The girl who came in merely stepped to the desk, placed a note in the wire basket, and walked out again. But Edward Cullen's back stiffened, and he turned slowly to glare at me with piercing, hate-filled eyes. I was getting tired of this constant stare down. Didn't this guy have a voice."You got a problem?" I asked him. If this was about me he could at least talk to me face to face. He narrowed his eyes at me, body becoming completely still. Still looking at me he spoke to the receptionist, ignoring my question "Never mind, then. I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." And with one last look at me, he disappeared out the door. "Ass Hole" I whispered to myself as I walked up to the desk, and handed her the signed slip. "Get along with everyone?" the receptionist asked concerned. I could see she was confused as to what just happened "Yeah, the people here are all just peachy," I chuckled, walking back out the way I came. When I got to the truck, it was almost the last car in the lot. I sat inside for a while, just staring out the windshield blankly. I could not help but think about Edward Cullen, even though I tried very hard not to. Clearing my head as much as I could, I turned the key making the engine roar to life and began making my way back to the reservation So that's Chapter 1. I'm actually trying to keep this story as close to the book as possible (just like the original writer wanted) while making it different cause obviously Jacob is not Bella so a lot of things won't be the same. We'll see how this one turns out. This time I promise a Chapter 2. It's already being written.