6 months ago, they're going to be married in a few weeks and them they'll be gone on an extended honeymoon all summer. He owns his own company here in Seattle, Alice is set to launch her new clothing line at Christmas time, so they've got free time all summer. Bella is sad that the last of us is leaving Forks and it's only her, but she needs to be there for Charlie, he's not doing well lately." Rose smiled sadly. "See you guys tomorrow night." Edward got up and left. "Wow, I guess she is a touchy subject for him." I said. "Yeah, I think he does miss her at times, he thinks we're all stupid, but I can see it in his eyes. I know my brothers, just like when you heard about Dmitri, I saw protectiveness in your eyes, not jealousy." Emmett said. "That's because Alice and I broke up mutually, we knew it wasn't working and we weren't meant for the long haul. I also knew I wouldn't put anyone through waiting back here for me, my first few years on the road, I was a man-whore, I'm not going to lie. But after that, I got tired of random girls, I haven't slept with a woman in 8 years. I'm about to crawl out of my skin, I need some bad, but I've waited this long, I can wait longer." I smiled. "You fucking pansy! You sound like Bella! She hasn't had sex since she got pregnant. She's afraid it will happen again and she doesn't want that obviously, shit, maybe we need to hook you two up tomorrow night." Emmett joked and I smiled nervously. "Whoa, I saw that smile." Rose laughed. "Shut it Rose. It was just a smile. Bella is very beautiful, anyone would be lucky to be with her." I smiled. "Hmmm, well just be yourself, that's the best thing. Bella hates fake people and she's even more shy now, if that's possible." Emmett smiled sadly. Rose called for Stephan to come to dinner and I apologized for calling him Steve and messing up his hair, he told me not to let it happen again or his cousin would beat me up. I'm guessing he was talking about Edison. Rose told him he'd see Edison tomorrow night and he was smiling so large, like Emmett. "Cool, Grandpa Carlisle said we could play with the trains this time in the basement he said that dads old room was fixed with beds for us and that he would take us and let us pick out a new game system this time, since dad broke the Wii last time." Stephan rambled on. "Stephan do not bug your grandpa about buying you anything, got it! You know Bella wouldn't stand for Edison to do it." Rose scolded. He shook his head yes, but I saw a small smile tug at the corner of his mouth, he was just a devious as his mother, I just chuckled to myself. We finished dinner and I helped Emmett with clean up, he grilled me on my non-existent sex life, not believing me that it'd been 8 years, I went straight to bed after that, I needed rest to deal with tomorrow. I was nervous. Seeing Alice, Bella and Edward in the same room, would be interesting and knowing I wanted to get to know Bella and Rose and Emmett wanted me to as well, made it a little more nerve wracking, they were persistent. I was awoke by the smell of coffee and bacon. I walked out in my basketball shorts and Rose was cooking breakfast. "Hungry, tiger?" she smiled. "Yeah, I think I'll need all the strength I can get today." I smiled nervously. "Jazz, really man, just be yourself, seriously. Bella isn't going to bite your head off. You guys were friends in school." she smiled. "No, I dated Alice, her cousin, I talked to her a little, we joked around but we weren't really friends, Edward never really let her talk to anyone, you know that, Rose." I sighed. "Well tonight you become friends. We have a limo coming to pick us up at mom and dads and then we'll pick Alice, Bella and Dmitri up at Bella's house, that way when we're all so smashed, we don't have to worry about driving, it was dad's doing." Rose smiled, always calling our parents hers too, since hers were always such assholes. "Where is Em?" I asked. "Edward called, car trouble with Heidi's car, so he went to help, because I won't go near them, I hate what he did to Bella and he knows it. The only reason he's welcome here is because he's Emmett's brother, but disowning your own fucking kid, it about killed your parents, you know? I thought they were going to die of broken hearts, thinking Bella would take Edison away and they'd never see him, they were so happy as we all were when she gave us the choice to be his family still, but he doesn't know we're his real father's family, it's complicated, maybe someday she can tell him, but how do you tell your child that your father doesn't want you?" Rose shuttered. We ate in silence and then she told me to shower and just put on jeans and a t-shirt, I could put on my suit at mom and dads. I packed my stuff up and waited for Emmett, helped rose get Stephan together and watched cartoons with him while she got ready, Emmett finally came in, looking worse for the ware, he shook his head, telling me not to ask, he went upstairs to shower and 45 minutes later we were on the road to Forks, my future. A/N: What do you think? Read and Review… PLEASE! This is a Bella/Jasper fic., not for Edward fans…. He is an ass the entire fic., never changes, sorry… Hope you enjoy! **Stephanie owns all, I'm jealous!**