head. "I'm finished." Alice popped her head in. Jasper pulled me up and Alice had my bed made and the pictures we'd chosen hung as well. "Thanks Alice." I gave her a hug. "Y'all want some pizza?" Jasper asked. "I'm starving." He patted his stomach. "Yeah, sounds good. I'll order and pay." I demanded. "Bella." Jasper tried to argue. "Nope, no way. You've done too much already. MY treat." I demanded. "Fine. This time only." He smiled. We sat at the table laughing and eat pizza, garlic knots and I'd baked cookies while we were waiting so we were munching on those too when we heard keys in the door and I stiffened. "Whitlock! I heard you've got the hots for my sister. You've got a thing for girls who runaway." Emmett laughs and Jasper stands up. "My life is none of your concern. And as for your sister leaving, I'm sure she had a good reason, if you were any type of big brother, you would've found out. You wouldn't have abandoned her." Jasper told him. "You don't know shit Jasper, so don't act like you do." Emmett got in his face. "I know that whatever she's been through, she's still hurting. So don't fuck with her, because then you're going to have to deal with me." Jasper threatened. "Edward told me that you liked her, how long have you wanted her? It must have been for a while for you to be this protective." Emmett laughed. "No, I can just tell she's been deeply hurt by Edward. If you can't see that in her eyes, than you're a shitty big brother." Jasper sat back down. Emmett stomped upstairs and slammed his door. "Sorry guys. You shouldn't have to deal with Emmett and Edward too." I shook my head. "Hey, we're your friends. That's what friends do, help each other." Alice squeezed my hand. "Do you need us to stay a little longer?" Jasper asked. "No, I'm actually really tired. I think I'm going to shower and sleep. My dad will be home in about an hour. I know Emmett won't try anything, dad will have his ass." I smiled. "Plus my bedroom door locks." I smiled. "You're beautiful and smart." Jasper kissed the top of my head. "Call me tomorrow after you're done car shopping?" he asked. "Of course. Although I believe we'll be at the Rez for dinner." I smiled. "The Rez?" he asked. "Yeah, you know we're friends with the Blacks. Jake and I have always been friends." I shrugged. "Will you let him know that you're taken? I know he's always had a thing for you." Jasper blushed as he asked. I smiled. "Of course." I squeezed his hand. They left and I practically ran to my room to try and avoid a confrontation with Emmett, which didn't work. "So you just think you're going to come back here and once school starts you're going to accepted again?" he asked, arms folded across his chest. "I don't care if I'm accepted or not Emmett. I've got Alice and Jasper. I don't need anyone else." I told him truthfully. "And what if Jasper wouldn't have wanted you?" he challenged. "Then I'd still have Alice." I shrugged. "She's just a junior, you're going to hang out with a junior all year?" he laughed. "I don't care. She's my best friend. I'm only a senior because I was homeschooled in Florida." I snapped. "Oh were you too good for the schools there?" he asked sarcastically. "No, I was really sick while I was in Florida. You know nothing of what I went through while I was there, so don't pretend too." I snapped and started walking towards my room. Emmett grabbed my arm and turned me around. "If you'd fucking talk to me I might!" he yelled. "Why? All you believe is the shit Edward spews! He matters more to you than your own fucking sister! You think I left because he cheated? Please! Let his dick fall off from her diseases. There's so much more you don't know." I whispered the last part and slid to the floor crying, hands on my stomach. My dad chose that moment to come home, running upstairs. "What the hell Emmett? She's not home one day and you're fucking bullying her!" my dad yelled. "You're grounded. Besides sports, nothing. Hand over your phone." My dad snatched it and put it in his pocket and picked me up, carrying me into my room. "I'm so sorry." He sat me on my bed. We heard Emmett slam his door. "I just want to shower dad and sleep. I think I'll need one of my pills tonight though. It was a rough day." I sighed. "OK. I'm going to talk to your brother. Get some rest." He kissed my temple and walked out. I showered, took my pill and climbed in bed. I heard my dad and Emmett arguing, I couldn't take it any longer. "STOP!" I yelled and they both looked at me in shock. "If I brought all this about, then I'm calling mom and working something out. I can't stay here with this. I just can't." I walked back to my room and cried myself to sleep. This was not how I expected my first day back to be. AN: OK… I know I've got like a bunch of stories going on and I was supposed to Start another one before this one… BUT this one started screaming at me and they Just WON'T be quiet… As you can tell with the 3000+ words… Don't expect that from every chapter, It just depends on how they talk… And NO… Emmett doesn't hate his sister forever… For all my Emmett lovers… And lastly… I'm dedicating this story to my friend Laurie … She's been great over the last few months, bouncing ideas and venting… She's a Jasper and Garrett freak… So this Jasper is for her! Love ya Laurie! 3 MUAH! Reviews=Love