about killing him. I needed to. This man was hurting my beloved Collin. No way in hell was I'm letting him live. I ripped the man's arms and legs off letting him scream by the time the rest came. I just started ripping his chest open when someone nipped me. S top Brady! Collin wouldn't want you to do this. It was Seth, but I didn't care. I shook him off me and ripped the man's head clean off. I threw his head out the window, breathing heavily. "Oh my god." I heard Embry say, but I didn't care. I got my revenge. No one and I mean no one hurts my imprint. I walked to Collin and nudged him. I whimpered trying to get him to move. "Here let me help you." I turned and saw Emily wrap a towel around a girl. She was very thin and frail looking. She was petite about 4'11" and looked awfully pale. She had a small button noes and a nice heart shaped face with thick lips. She was beautiful, but she wasn't Collin. I turned back to my imprint. I nudged him again. Whimpering even louder. "Shh it's okay Brady. We'll get him fixed up." Jared said as he moved to pick up Collin. "Brady? You're Brady?" I turned to the girl as she looked at me shocked. Did Collin mention me to her? I gave a nod. This girl obviously seen so much. A little more won't hurt. Sam must have thought the same because he tossed me a pair of shorts. I phased back and slipped them on. The girl's eyes widen even more, but she wasn't my concern. Collin was. I turn back to him with tears in my eyes. "Is he going to be okay, Sam?" I asked looking over at Sam again. Sam looked as if he didn't want to answer. "I'll call the leech." He said as we went out side to call him. The rest followed and I squeezed Collin's hand terrified that I may loose him. The girl followed too scared to say another word. We managed to get back to Emily's Doctor Leech was already there. "Let me see him." He said and Jared nod laying him on the couch. "Come on let's get you cleaned up kiddo." Emily said leading away the girl. Seth gave a confused look. "Must be the sister." Quil said, but we all just shrugged. ... Hours passed, but I refused to leave Collin's side. After his sister got cleaned up Emily had her lay down in the guest bedroom. None of us have really seen her yet. Sam figures one of us may imprint on her, but we can never be sure of these things. I sighed. "Collin, honey, please wake up. For me." I begged. He was still laying on the couch as I sat on the coffee table in front of it waiting. Jake, Embry, and Paul went to patrol. Seth sat asleep by my feet, Sam sat in one of the chairs in the living room with Emily in his lap, while Jared sat in the other. We all were worried about Collin. Emily managed to fall asleep, but Jared, Sam, and I have yet to do so too. "Brady the leech said he maybe asleep for even two days." Jared said, but I ignored him. "Please Collin wake up." "Have you tried to kiss him awake, prince charming?" Paul asked as he walked in. "Time to switch." "Alright. Brady you can stay here with Collin and Paul. I'll wake up Seth and Jared and I will go to patrol." Sam said and I nod. Sam carefully got up and laid Emily in the big chair letting her sleep. The guys woke Seth and together they all walked out. "Relax Brady he'll wake up." Paul said sitting where Jared had been. I sighed running my fingers down Collin's face. "You need sleep kid. I'll wake you up when he does." I looked at him before giving up and nodding. I stood up and gave Collin a quick kiss on the lips before going to lay down on the ground. "Brady?" "Well I'd be damn. My plan worked." I ignored Paul and ran back over to Collin. "Collin, honey?" I called as I leaned over. "My head hurts." "Ya Doctor Leech says it may hurt for three days, but it'll be good by then. He said you broke five rips and got about a level 8 concussion. He said you're healing, but you'll need bed rest for at least three days." I said and he nod. "You kiss me better?" He asked with a crooked grin. I laughed and nod. I lean down and kissed him. He kissed back. God I missed his soft warm lips. They always tasted of chocolate. He did love chocolate. "Mmm better." He said once I pulled away. I smiled and pushed his hair out of his face. "Do you remember anything?" "Um... I remember up to the part where you ripped my stepfather's head clean off before passing out." I grimaced. "I didn't want you to see that." "It's okay he deserved it." "Collin what happened?" "Brady he needs sleep. We'll talk about this tomorrow. For now let him- "Colleen?" I turned and frowned. "Who?" "My sister. Is she okay?" "She's the girl that you were with right?" He nod. "She's fine. She has a sprained wrist and a concussion, but it could be worst." I said and he nod. "Good. She... She's the only family I really got left. By blood anyways." He says before closing his eyes. "Get some sleep Collin." I say going to stand. "Stay. Please." I looked down my eyes meeting his golden brown ones. I smiled and nod. I crawled behind him, careful of his head and ribs, before gently wrapping an arm around him. "Get some sleep baby." I say he nods and soon the two of us fell to sleep.