thing keeping her alive at this moment. Not that he planned for her to still live after this. "You can't stop me, Alice. You were nothing," his voice was a rough whisper. "You never meant anything to me, you only held me back. Well now it's my turn to decide what's right and what's wrong." Her eyes were brimmed with venom, if she could cry, she would have. She could feel it, death crawling up on her, the realization she never thought would exist. Never would she have thought she would die, never at the hands of the only man she had thought she loved. But even now, she loved him. It didn't matter if this was how she went, as long as it was him that would be the one to end it all. His narrow nose skimmed along her jaw, before moving down to her small neck. He could feel her voice struggle against his steadied palm. "I love y-," he bit through her larynx, silencing her. He let go of her, dropping her to her knees. He quickly placed his hands around the top part of her head and twisted. Her head fell to floor, only to be kicked to the corner. His eyes were stones; hard and cold. Edward slowly took off her coat and shoes, glancing up to see if her eyes were open. They were barely, but enough to let him know she was in between consciousness and sleep. She was being stubborn, pushing her palms against her soft bed, she tried to sit up. The lights were off and see could only see an outline of his face, as he looked to the door. Charlie wasn't coming up, not yet, and Edward took his chance to crawl up from the end of the bed, only to gently push her down. Her back touched the blanket and she started to blink. "Bella, sweetheart. You need to sleep, look at your eyes. They're bloodshot." Her eyes were stinging, in fact, tearing up just by keeping them open. She shook her head. "I can see them," he whispered, his sweet breath fanning her face. She started to feel dizzy and hot. The heat made her tug at her light cardigan, but her arms felt like jelly. They wouldn't move without making her more tired. He reached down and pulled the piece of clothing over her head, leaving her in only a small spaghetti strap. He wished to look away but her hands slowly reached up and held his face. He closed his eyes and sighed. She reached up for a kiss, but because she couldn't see, she mistakenly started to kiss his jaw. He hovered over her, trying to make as little noise as possible, but couldn't contain himself. He titled her head, reaching her for the arch of her neck, and placed soft butterfly kisses there. He pulled away, only enough so that his breath tickled her skin as he spoke. "Is this the only way I can get you to sleep?" She nodded, her eyelids losing the battle, and reached for the pillow. He chuckled, the sound vibrating in his chest. She sighed as her head hit the pillow, and she felt the bed rise as he rose. Before turning to the door, he lifted her legs and placed them under the covers. He then leaned over and kissed her forehead. "Bella?" "Mmm," she hummed, letting herself fall into a comforting cloud of black. "I'm going to hunt, I'll be back tonight." He closed the door softly, making as little noise, although it didn't matter. She was already asleep, it would take more than a feeble squeak to wake her. He chucked her headless body over his shoulder and headed downstairs. No one was home, they were out hunting and Jasper smiled at how convenient everything had turned out to be. His right hand held her head up by the roots of her hair, even in death the expression on her face was distressed. He didn't feel guilty, far from it, as he casually looked for gasoline. He needed to burn her before her body found a way to reattach itself. She was still for the moment and he knew he would need to hurry. Edward was going out with the hunting party, by the mountains so it was safe for him to burn Alice, before heading over to Bella's house. It was nearing seven o'clock and the sun was now just starting to set, the dark seemed to make every movement he made the more eerie. He threw her body a few feet away into the forest that surrounded the house. He poured the gasoline generously over her and didn't hesitate as he tossed the lighter over his shoulder. He glanced behind him, once, and watched his dirty work burn. The angry flames reflected in his eyes, and he felt a surge of adrenaline. The opportunity was finally here. He wouldn't have to wait any longer. It was time. He ran, faster than he ever had, the wind violently hitting his ear drums. He couldn't find himself feeling bothered by it, for all it did was make him feel the more anxious. He knew the trail to her house well, he could smell her scent. It was that potent and apparent. The thought alone of feeling it on his tongue made his throat burn, he had to swallow back the venom that had pooled in his mouth. His teeth ached to bite something, tear something. He needed blood, he needed her now. He wondered what the feel of her of her in his restraining arms, how she would respond to his demanding kisses. How he would feel stealth inside of her. He would take something she could only give once, possess her in ways only one should. She would be his, forever. A/N: Might be a two-shot, I don't know. I'm going to leave the rest to your imagination. Please leave a review.