house, only to find you perched on the porch, reading my private journal. I knew instantly just what you'd been reading, and turned to run back inside your house, embarrassed, when your hand came to wrap around my ankle. "You little slut." You made me read aloud everything I'd written while you drove into me, hard and without worry if you'd hurt me. It was all too much, I came countless times, my words blurring in my mouth as pleasure overcame all sense and reason. You encouraged my groans as you spanked me for being so naughty, afterwards shoving your fingers into my mouth as you guided my hand down to rub myself. I screamed louder than I ever had, tears coming to my eyes. If anyone had been watching, they would have thought you'd been forcing yourself on me, and though that should have bothered me, instead all it did was make me clench around you tighter. Later that week, I had opened my journal inspired by the way you'd licked my pussy while I'd been on the phone with my mother, only to find the messy scrawl of your handwriting. You'd written, "I own you. One day I'll wrap my belt around your throat." I should have seen it then, that you'd be the end of me. That you were a dangerous man, and though on some level I saw the signs, I hadn't been prepared at all for what you'd do to me. I could see that you'd knew I'd read your note when I came into the bedroom. I turned to place my journal on the high shelf of the closest, only to feel your hands come around to rest on my stomach. "Are you scared, Bella?" I should have lied then. Maybe it would have been what saved me. "No." My voice had been even, and you believed me. You wrapped your hand around my throat like you'd always had, and I welcomed the tight grip with ease. "You gonna be a good girl?" I whimpered then, feeling my legs shake. The affect your words had on me, I'll never forget. I nodded, and felt you push your erection into my backside. I went on my knees then, and when you pulled your zipper down and released your cock from the confines of your briefs, I took you into my mouth, needing to taste the velvet skin that swelled with need. I looked up at you, my eyes wide as I deep throated you, remembering to breathe through my nose in order not to gag. I was anxious for the moment you would pull my hair, and thrust into me, and when it came I was almost relieved. I needed to be debased and used. You saw to it that I'd never be able to come if I wasn't. I'm still not sure if you conditioned me to like all that you did, or if I'd already been psychologically fucked up in the first place. I still remember the way the leather of the belt felt around my throat as you positioned me on the floor, like an animal instead of a human. You lead me around the room on my hands and knees, and if I didn't obey, you'd pull the belt tighter. The humiliation I experienced made my center drip like a beehive, honey running from my lips, dripping on the carpet. "You gonna clean that up?" I tongued the carpet, tasting my own musk, and the sight released you from all resistant. You shoved into me all while pulling the belt tighter, and I found I couldn't breathe. I tried with my hands to crawl the belt away, to somehow loosen it, when you realized what you were doing. The marks that graced my neck were a deep purple, and in the following weeks I found I couldn't even stand the sight of your face. I couldn't speak, and so the police waited patiently until I could. But that didn't stop you from fighting your way into the emergency room to see if I was alright. I wanted to plead your innocence, but found shame in revealing that I had consented. In the end, my father issued a restraining order on you on my behalf, seeing as the charges he tried to pin against you fell apart when I told him I loved you and couldn't take it if you were behind bars. I'd moved back in with my father, and it was on one of those nights that he was working late, that you snuck into the house. The sight of you standing in my doorway should have pushed me to my feet, should have signaled to me to find means of escape or a weapon, but instead I felt immense joy. You flashed the lock pick as you walked into my childhood bedroom, taking in the bare walls and the rocking chair in the corner. I didn't care that you probably left muddy footprints on the floor, but basked in the sound of your heavy weight coming closer. "J-Jake?" My voice was still mending, and you held a finger to your lips, telling me to be quiet. I said no more, and when you came to sit at the foot of my bed, sneaking your hand underneath the covers, stroking the skin of my calve, you whispered, "I missed you, baby." I started crying then. I didn't want to be away from you any longer. You shushed me, leaning over to kiss my trembling lips. I didn't have the power to push you away. It was only four days later that they found my body abandoned in the woods. You'd taken it a step too far once more, this time strangling me to death as you fucked me. I'm not sure if it had been your intention all along, or if you'd only gotten carried away. Whatever the case, I was glad to die looking into your eyes. A/N: Review?