"That's a fringe benefit," she replies back. "Gee, you sure know how to make a girl feel special," I scoff playfully. She points behind me, "Can't you see the girls lining up to see me?" she asks. I make a show to look to my left and then my right emphasizing the empty hallway, "I better get out of line then, bitches know how to bite," I reply and then I start to laugh. "You've been hanging around the kids too much," she chuckles, but I can see the mirth dancing in her eyes. "You know what they say about love having power," I retort. She scrunches her brow, "Teaching your kids is like fire? As a burning desire?" she connects causing me to be shocked. Barely anyone knows Toto's Love Has the Power and, that association was pretty abstract. Though, I play off my surprise coolly, "They've never let me down," I reply and wink, she laughs at my lameness. "That was a terrible comparison," Bella comments. I shrug, "I'm a science teacher not an English teacher." "It shows," she quips and then I give her the stink eye. "You're lucky there's plexiglass obstructing my warpath." She cranes an eyebrow at me, "I am equipped with a tazer, you know," she says slowly. "Yes but…" Before I can riposte my phone rings, breaking us from our verbal match, I look at my phone and wonder how much technology has inhibited our real time lives. I press the reject button not wanting to be rude to Bella, but know that I need to leave for the night. I've stayed rooted in this spot for too long but, I'll be damned before I'm apologetic for it. "Saved by the bell," I smile at her and she's stoic, she knows that it's that time of night and, it looks like she's preparing for it as well. "Goodnight Bella," I say, breaking her from her thoughts. She shakes her head and then looks at me, "Goodnight Miss Cullen, I err, hope that everything works out for you," she replies. She doesn't even know me, but she cares, it is gestures like that which make my heart known to me. I nod my head to re-assure her, "Be safe ok? I wouldn't know what to do without our conversations every day and every night," I answer honestly, I pick up my bag and begin to walk away. It may have been my imagination but, I swear that I heard the words, "As you wish," silently chasing after me. ~That Night Bella's Point of View. I wipe the chalk from my sleeve having learnt my lesson a few weeks ago that Alice is really damn perceptive. I look at my freshly painted words on the chalkboard to her, for her, only her. Have you ever asked yourself if love at first sight was possible? Well, I'm here to tell you, yes, it is and I'm living proof of it. You're welcome. I won't bore you with details and, yes, I am quite aware how stalker-ish this entire one way silent exchange thing is. But, here's the thing and, I'm paraphrasing a quote here so, bear with me. I choose to love her in silence, for in silence there is no rejection. And, I choose to love her in my dreams, for in my dreams no one owns her but me. Though, that's not quite adequate because, I don't want to own her, I just, want to be a part of her life, even if it isn't the same as how she is in mine. Falling in love was the easy part, it's living with it that makes or breaks you and sometimes, it occurs simultaneously. Alice is like the world, she is a container of mystery but, I'd trade everything I have, for just a chance to discover the hidden parts of her. I've taken all security shifts here because I don't want to sleep. Reality has finally become better than what my dreams could ever conjure because I am in love with her. I look at the coloured chalk, hating my handwriting and then sigh at the words staring back at me. You are completely remarkable. I'm not, but she is. I think I hear a door click but, don't think anything of it. Have you ever been a security guard by yourself? You start to hear things man. When I hear footsteps approach me, my senses kick in and I turn around, hand, ready on my baton. However, it's not the masked criminal that I had thought, instead, it's the woman whose classroom this belongs to, staring back at me in awe and wonder. For a moment I think that I'd prefer the criminal and then, I think that this is the first time that she's ever seen me stand up. I don't move for fear that either of us might run away, I don't know what to do so I freeze, hand still ready at the baton, if I give her a concussion, maybe she won't remember this…Who the hell thinks that at a time like this? "Bella," she calls me after an eternity. I slowly place my arms at my sides and take a gulp. A thousand thoughts are racing through my mind but, there is only one word that I have been longing to say since the day I learnt its meaning. "Alice." She disregards the fact that I've called her by her name for the first time but, I know that something pivotal has just changed between us. Right now, in this moment where it is just us. She walks up to me and stares into my eyes, still in wonder, like it's the very first time. Only this time, there's no glass between us. "You're the one aren't you?" she asks. I don't exactly know what I'm confirming in my next statement, but I know that whatever it may be, we're going to get through this together. "Yes."