back-" My voice stopped dead in my throat at the lethal look in his eyes. Feeling his unspoken threat in the silence, I closed my mouth, and tried to keep my bottom lip from trembling. "You're not going anywhere. Chief doesn't expect you home until midnight. Until then, it seems I have you all to myself." I couldn't control the tremble that went through my body at his words, or the slight twinge of wetness I started to feel soak through the thin material of my panties. Embarrassed and ashamed, I toed the sand with the end of my flats, trying to play off the flush I knew was beginning to creep up on the edges of my neck, and on the shallow parts of my chest. But there was no hiding my reluctant arousal. I heard his sure chuckle, the sound letting me know just what I suspected. "Don't fight. It'll only make everything that much harder." We walked the sands of the beach until the sun fell completely away from the sky, leaving the entire landscape bathed in dusk. My skin curdled, and I shivered as the cold night's air whipped at my dress. Rubbing my hands down my arms, I followed Jacob as he continued on, as if seeking someplace hidden in the cliffs. "Where are we going?" I asked, impatient with the journey. I wasn't sure how much more of this trekking through La Push I could stand. The further we descended away from the Rabbit, and the road, the more ominous the night seemed to become. There were no others to be seen, no late night stragglers, or horny teenagers trying to find a place in the sand to fuck. My eyes sought any figures in the distance, unsure whether I was looking for someone to reassure me I wouldn't be completely alone with Jacob, or if I was scanning for any other predators that lurked in the shadows. "Jake?" I could hear the frightened pitch in my voice, but couldn't find it in me to care enough to fight it. "Slow down." I reached to touch his arm, only to be swept up in his tight grasp. "Quiet." He took hold of the side of my neck, and pressed down, pinching on the tender flesh as if to still any words that might come out. Pushing him away, I rubbed at the mark he'd begun to make. "What's wrong with you? I want to go home, Jake. Now." "After," he said simply, seemingly unfazed by the harshness in my tone. He grabbed my hand when I stopped walking, and dragged me by my fingers. If his grip hadn't been so impossible to break, I liked to think I would have fought. That I would have put a stop to everything, but I knew just as he knew that as long as he wanted me, that there was nothing I could do to stop him. "You're hurting me. Let go, please." "We're almost there. Hush." I don't know when the tears started but once they did, I couldn't stop them falling, my eyes an endless stream of confusion and fear. "Please tell me we're not going up there." My eyes trailed along the tops of the cliffs, and I now understood why we'd walked as far as we had. There was a path that lead to the highest cliff just ahead, and Jacob was steering us towards it. I tried to dig my flats as far in the sand as possible, delaying the inevitable just a moment longer. His eyes flashed in the darkness, warning me that he had only so much patience. "Surrender, or you won't like what I do next." Swallowing, I took a deep breath, and followed him, knowing that my best chance at actually making it back home safely was to listen to everything he said, whether I wanted to or not. Underneath our feet the gravel gave way, and before I knew it, we both stood atop the tallest cliff in all of La Push. I found myself burrowing my face into his chest, not daring to look over the edge or just how far up we were. I felt him stroking my hair down my back before he tilted my face up towards his. "Look at the moon, how full it is," his voice turned thoughtful, softer now that I'd stopped fighting. I gazed at the one-sided sphere in the sky that seemed to radiate a glow so brilliant, my eyes couldn't stand the sight. "It's beautiful," I said, turning away. "Sometimes it hurts to look it's so beautiful." His eyes traveled down the length of my body longingly, making my insides quiver from both want and fear. "Jake..." I didn't know if I was saying yes or no, or if I was just simply speaking his name to fill the heated silence that had come between us. Whatever the case, the moment he pressed his lips to mine, we were both lost. He ravaged my mouth, taking hold of the back of my head to make sure I wouldn't pull away. I struggled weakly against him, my hands pushing against his chest no match for his untamed desires. "No, Jake," I managed when he finally pulled away, breathing raggedly into my neck. His lips didn't stop, nor did his teeth as they both pulled at my neck, taking the skin and leaving it raw. "I know you feel it too." His hand slid down, bunching my dress at the waist and cupped at the place between my thighs. "See how wet you are for me, your body knows what it wants. Before the next moon comes, you'll give it to me." A/N: Well..would you give it to him? ;) Anyways, please leave me a review telling me how you felt about this part. I'm really happy with how it's come out so far, and hope to have the next part sometime soon. Until then ~ a nyr byrjun