explain, to understand, overrides everything else. I gently push on his chest and stare into his scorching eyes. "Edward, I need to explain. I want this, please know that. So bad, but I need to explain. I have to know you're not just doing this as a way to get back at me. I..." "You don't have to explain anything, love. I've known. I've always known. The very first time I laid eyes on you, I knew you were the one for me. I should be the one apologizing to you, but I won't. I refuse to apologize for this." "I don't understand?!" I search his eyes with my own, trying to see inside of him, my mind unable to decipher what the words he is saying mean. None of it makes sense. He knew, always? "But...why...how? I...I...why didn't you tell me?" "I can't explain it in any way other than this, Bella. I am a selfish, needy creature. I used to frequent the Eager Beaver, searching. I was always searching for something I seemed to never be able to find. My heart, my body, my mind, they all had some idealism they were on a hunt for, craving. "My body, it seemed, was at constant battle with my mind, and my mind always fighting my heart; but then I saw you and the confusion stopped. For once, my body, mind, and heart were all screaming the same thing. 'Mine!' I watched you, for years. I learned everything I could about you. I wanted to understand what made you tick. How you became the tantalizing, perfect creature that you are. But the more I learned the less I understood. You were like an enigma to me, Bella. It was like I was always one piece away from figuring it out. "So, I finally introduced myself to you at school. I got to know you personally, rather than from afar; and then something changed again. I couldn't reconcile the woman I was so obsessed with, with the woman you actually were. I expected cold, sexual deviant, and slightly flirty; instead, you turned out to be so sweet, caring, gentle, soft...the complete opposite of what I was looking for. "I fought with myself, my nature, praying that I could be what you apparently needed. But earlier today when we feel asleep together, I realized something. I didn't want to change me to be with you, and I didn't need to change you to be what I wanted. You were both already. The sexually-charged, snarky girl I first saw in the club and the sweet, loving girl I got to know as a person. "I wanted so much for you to confide in me yesterday when your co-worker picked you up. I have wanted you so bloody bad, but somewhere along the way I fell in love with you, and I couldn't allow us to take that next step, to connect that way, until we were honest with each other. So, I decided to come to your work last night. "I knew you didn't normally do personal dances, but the bastard in me thought you might for the right amount of money, but then, after I made my bargain with your friend, I couldn't put you in such a position. I was going to leave. I was about to sneak out the back door when the song started, and then I was stuck, consumed with your body and the way your hips moved so sensually. I couldn't go, and when you finally saw me, I froze. I didn't know what to say, all the words I had gone over and over all night in my head vanished and I was left with nothing but an aching need to toss you over my shoulder and tie you to your bed so I could spend the next week claiming your heart and your body, marking you as mine, and I was ashamed. So, I ran." I felt like an ass once I was able to rein in my emotions, my desire, my need to consume you, but it was too late, and I was already halfway home. So, I came here and used the key you showed me hiding in the laundry room. I had to tell you, Bella. Because now I know that I can't live without you. You complete me." I don't wait for him to finish. He might already be done, but my need, this growing ball of lust building within me, is too much; and I tackle him. My arms wrap around his shoulders, my lips crash into his, and soft mewling noises come out of me in small gasps as our lips open and close, moulded together and moving frantically. A part of me thinks I should be furious, disturbed by everything he has done, what he just confessed to. It is sort of creepy, but even more than that, it is fucking hot. Apparently, I love freaky-stalker men, or at least this one; and I spend the rest of the night and well into the early morning hours showing and sharing and teasing and touching. And when we are both exhausted, completely sated from our tasting and joining, we collapse together, arms and legs entangled and sweaty; and everything feels right, perfect, actually. I close my eyes and let his gravelly voice, whispering words of forever and of all the naughty things we can do in that time, lull me to sleep. Who would have known I am such a kinky sex freak? Not me. But I am, and he's right. We have the rest of our lives to play out our fantasies and make up new ones together. And I plan on holding him to just that. I wrote this for a very worthy cause, and I hope it was of some help in raising funds. I would love to hear what you think of this snippet of teasing. So, please hit that review button and lemme know.