me to get to know them?" He smiled sincerely, "Maybe." -I could possibly gather more information if I was on friendlier terms with them. Maybe I can find out if there is a correlation to their oddities and my own, or maybe I should leave them be and move on with my life as normal as possible- "I'm not really in a rush to get home. Chief Swan has a lot on his plate so I try not to rush him out of the office. I was just going to lay out here for a bit." Edward's gaze was suddenly alight with something like curiosity, but it quickly disappeared when he noticed I was waiting for his answer. "That's alright. Some other time then, Jasmine." "Maybe." Edward offered a departing smile before he walked over to his family by the shiny, silver car. 11111111111111 Charlie had instructed I wait for him at a book store near the school. He had a habit of staying overtime with his cases, an acquired behavior from being a workaholic bachelor for so long. As I walked towards the tiny shop I noticed the wino slumped against the brick and my nose wrinkled from the stench of body odor and liquor. Even small towns had its undesirables, just some of us blended in better than others. The young man behind the register smiled and greeted me as he was trained and I smiled back as I searched for the comic book section. As I perused through the pages of caped crusaders and aliens with a messiah complex I couldn't help the heavy feeling in my chest. -Wonder if I could do the same. Please, what am I thinking? This isn't real, then again, technically I shouldn't be real either but I am. Why?- When I peeked at my flip phone I sighed at the face of the digital clock and sent Charlie a text. Don't worry about picking me up. I'll just call in a favor and get a ride home. Don't overwork yourself Sheriff. ^_^ It was two hours after school ended and I was too hungry to wait any further. As I walked out the shop, fully intent on simply running back home, I felt a tug on my messenger bag that pulled me on my rear. A puddle seeped into my underwear and soaked the edges of my pleated skirt as I looked into dazed, brown eyes. "Where you going little school girl?" his words dripped with alcohol and turned my stomach. -Oh great, you're one of those. Not really in the mood to play Lolita- His coarse fingers gripped my chin as he gradually crawled over me. "Do you honestly believe no one would notice a wino and a little girl in a book shop alley? You do remember which town you're in right?" His laugh was hoarse as he pushed his palm over my mouth. I rolled my eyes as the bugger unfastened his belt with his free hand. "Most little girls scream when they see me. Guess I'll fix that in a minute." -Oh so he's done this before. Why am I not surprised?- I braced my hands onto his chest and pushed, his body flew effortlessly into the air and landed hard onto the pavement with a bone-cracking bounce. I had him flipped onto his back and held my hand against his chapped mouth before his brain could register the massive error he made. For a moment all I heard was his panicked breathing and distant purr of car engines driving around town. A familiar wave of heat radiated along my veins like a flirtatious caress and collected at the base of my skull as I looked to the predator. "Thanks but no thanks, mate. My body had been corrupted enough for one lifetime." In my mind's eye I broke through his ribcage effortlessly. The vibrant gleam of life slowly faded from his gaze as I squeezed his pumping heart. Warmth from his blood and viscera radiated up my arm as the feeble last thumps pushed against my hand. But in actuality my fist connected with his cheekbone several times until his cheek was raw and bloody. I looked to his dull face and shook my head with a sigh, "Should've kept it in your pants, mate." I noticed him flinch when I leaned closer and drilled my furious gaze into his eyes, "Any word of this to the authorities and I'll make sure your ass is locked behind bars where you'll be someone's little school girl. Do I make myself clear?" The wino nodded and I sent the sick bastard to sleep with a hard punch to the jaw. I looked to my flip phone once more, "Oh hell I better hurry!" People on the street moved out of my way as I rushed through town. I used the cover of the Olympic trees and fauna once I had the chance to run full speed and followed my nose to Charlie's house. The summer air bit coldly at my skin as I dashed and barely had an opportunity to register any sounds other than my beating heart. I could feel the blood drying thickly on my left hand as the air around me started to taste of metal and salt. When I finally broke the threshold to Charlie's backyard I bolted through the backdoor and darted upstairs to the bathroom to wash the blood off my hands. I changed into a t-shirt and jeans before I ran to the kitchen. Once I had the spaghetti and meatballs completed I heard Charlie's cruiser park on the driveway. He entered the house and hung his holster on the coatrack by the door with a tired sigh. "Are you home Jasmine?" "No it's just the other kid you're taking care of." Charlie strolled into the kitchen entrance with a deadpan, "Haha, you're hilarious. How did your day go?" I turned around from the lettuce I was chopping and shrugged, "Fine."