the screaming crowd dispersed as many tried to escape, pushing and shoving each other to get ahead. And as they fled, dark shapes appeared to be flying around the hall, running and pouncing with great speed and biting their prey like wild animals. Clutching his bleeding neck, Jonathan slammed right into Jennifer. He fell on top of her, pinning her to the floor with his dead weight. Jennifer tried to pull herself out from under him. As her nails scraped against the stone floor, her fingers dipped into a warm puddle of blood, where Katelyn's perfect hand lay, fingers twitching for a few seconds and then falling still. Jennifer screamed, but her voice was indistinguishable from the rest of the chorus. The screaming stopped as quickly as it had started, and then there was a loud, unanticipated knock at the door. An unexpected visitor. The three men returned to their seats, moving so quickly their feet didn't even seem to touch the ground. After composing himself, Aro wiped the blood from his lower lip. "Open the door, Antony." At his command, the guard opened the doors, allowing a most surprising guest to enter the great hall: the mayor of Volterra himself, Michele Distefano, a highly ambitious man with excellent taste — or so he often declared. He avoided the dead bodies out of repulsion rather than fear, for he did not want any blood stains on his brand new suit, one of the many benefits of this new alliance. Aro stood out of respect. "My friend, what a pleasant surprise. So seldom do we receive visits from upstairs." "And for good reason," said Caius, who had been skeptical of this arrangement from the start. To align with the humans was a mistake, he thought, and Aro had given them too much power. Such power was dangerous. Such power could go to a man's head. "There is no need for hostility," the mayor replied calmly. "I only came to extend my sincerest thanks." "Yes," Aro said, "we must congratulate you on your reelection. What a victory! ... Such a pity, what happened to your opponents, though, but Death is indiscriminate in his choices. No man is immune." He stepped down from the dais and held out his hand to shake. "May this term be as prosperous as the last." "I believe it will." The mayor's gaze remained on the white hand that lingered before him. It seemed like a friendly gesture at first glance, but it was a trap in disguise. The mayor was no fool, and he would not shake this man's hand. "I fear I have wasted much of your time. I'll see myself out now." "Do come again," Aro said, but as soon as the doors closed, his smile faded. The mayor knows much , he thought. Perhaps too much. "He had no right to barge in like that," Caius declared. "Such meetings are to be prearranged. He cannot just come and go as he pleases." "Yes, it was quite rude," agreed the third man, Marcus, with a very slow and laborious delivery, as if he lacked the will to even form words. "A forgivable offense, nonetheless," Aro concluded upon returning to his seat. "But I do wonder why Adrianna failed to announce his visit. Such behavior is inexcusable." He looked to the mahogany-haired woman who was slowly making her way toward the door. "Heidi, find her please, and bring her to my private chambers. She has a lot of explaining to do." "Yes, Master." Heidi bowed her head and exited the hall. That stupid bitch , she thought as she stormed down hallway, heels pounding against the stone, a less than graceful motion, but she saw no point in maintaining the sweet, elegant façade that received so much praise. When I find her ... She approached the front desk, where Adrianna usually sat painting her nails and reading magazines, and found it empty. She ran away , she realized. That idiot actually tried to run away. Does she really think she can escape the Volturi — escape Demetri? He will find her, and when he does, she will wish she never applied for this position. "Looking for something?" Demetri, a tall, slender man, dressed in a high-collared black jacket, emerged from the elevator, walking casually with his hands behind his back, displaying the perfect gentleman's posture. "Adrianna is gone." "Gone?" His red eyes shimmered with hidden secrets. "How unfortunate. She was a pretty one." "A very pretty one." And Demetri has a weakness for beautiful women. "I will need to find a replacement for her, and soon." "You could ask the mayor to send someone from upstairs," Demetri suggested. "He has many beautiful women working for him, or so I've been told." Heidi heard footsteps upstairs, quiet to the average ear but thunderous to hers. They might as well have been stomping. The day was late, too late for any of the staff to be walking around, as they often left by five o'clock. It appears we have some thieves in our midst , she thought. "Olivia would be quite fitting, I think," Demetri went on. The mayor's press secretary was as beautiful as she was smart, a vast improvement from their previous employees. "I don't think that will be necessary," Heidi said, a smirk tugging at her lips. "I may have already found someone. Excuse me." She walked past Demetri and entered the elevator herself, and just before the doors closed, she saw Demetri wearing that sly smile he always wore after one of their young, beautiful secretaries disappeared. Demetri ran his fingers along the desk. "Poor Adrianna. She will be missed." So that's the first chapter. As I said, I'm not sure if I'm going to keep this, so reviews are really important at this point. If you think this is a story you might be interested in, let me know. If nobody's interested, I'll probably drop it and just focus on my other story.