fit inside me. "You see how much I want you, baby." He groans, burying his face into my neck, his teeth biting my skin. I hold him tightly so a moment, and then I begins to more my fingers and palm, back and forth, applying pressure to the leaking head with my thumb. "Bella, stop, I d-don't want to cum, yet." I still my motions, and wait as he takes off his boxers, and suddenly I feel him, pressing against me, and the feeling, the feeling is lovely. His hands hold my face and he says, "I want you to look at me while I make love you." He waits for me to nod, and I do. Our eyes do not leave each other, as he guides himself into my opening, my eyes tearing as he breaks through the soft lining of skin and takes me fully. I have given him all of me. I awake in the same position I am in when I fall asleep. Jacob idly holds my legs around his waist, and his head is in my neck. I lay below him, trying to breathe. I am sore, but as I feel his morning wood pressed against me, I am wanting it again. I want him again. My hands trace along his spine, softly, and I feel him mutter into my skin, still asleep. I scratch along his scalp, and then feel his soft kiss on my collarbone, as he slowly blinks the sleep out of his eyes, and lifts his head. "Sweetheart," his voice is thick with sleep. I don't have a chance to respond before, I feel him press up, and into my hilt, filling me whole, and striping me down. I think I smile while he thrusts inside me. We make love several times that first morning, and well into the afternoon. I cannot stand by the end of it, and I do not try to after my first attempt. My legs feel like jelly, and Jacob smirks, carrying me over his shoulder, and into the shower. He brings up hot chocolate after we finish dinner. Jacob decided to make streak, saying it would give me more strength from the iron, and some baked potatoes to go with it. I lay in bed, snuggling my face into the pillow, wearing nothing more than one of Jacob shirts. I reflect over the past month, and cannot believe how so much has changed in so little time. It is almost unearthly to think I was sobbing, and turning away from Jacob, and now I had willingly given him my virginity that would always belong to him. I feel his hand on my stomach, and I hum, asking, "How are the horses?" "They miss you, they were looking for you today." He kisses my jaw, and I turn toward him looking at his eyes. They are honey melting, but something he has said unsettles me. "Did you think of that before?" He looks confused at my sharp tone, and says that he doesn't understand. "Did you think of how Charlie would miss me?" I say my father's name, knowing well that Jacob must know who he is is. He is the chief of police after all. "Sweetheart, calm down." "No! Why did you do it?" I ask, pressing my hands onto the mattress, sitting up, I do not turn away from him. I stare straight into his eyes, and watch as his mouth tightens. How could he have done this to me, manipulated me into thinking that we could ever be more than the kidnapper and captive? He answers by simply saying, "I wanted you." "You didn't let me decide." "If I hadn't taken you, you would have never given me a chance!" He screams into my face, his skin turning red, and his chest heaving. I feel my resolve softening, and my lip trembles. I don't argue with him, but instead turn away, putting my head down on the pillow. And for his benefit, I say, "You could have tried some other w-way." "Would you have really said 'yes' if I asked you on a date? Huh? Don't lie to me. I know you better than you know yourself." His voice mocks me, and I bite my lip, trying hard not to cry. He is tormenting me, and he doesn't stop. "You were too busy obsessing over Edward Cullen to even notice me. Do you remember now?" He asks, but does not let me say anything. I feel him leaning over me, wanting to make me cry, "Do you remember when you had knocked into me, and dropped everything that you were holding? I helped you, and you didn't even spare me a glance. Too busy checking a text he sent you." He spits his words, and I feel smaller than I have ever felt. I try to stop my crying, holding my hand over my mouth. "But guess what, you're never going to see him again. You're never going to leave, you'll always be mine." He takes me then. And all I feel is pain. He holds me down by my wrists, his hands gripping so tightly, they leave red marks. I don't try to struggle, but I can't help myself from sobbing. He thrusts, sitting on his knees, and moves his hips, back and forth, his eyes closed, his mouth open as if he was in pain. And he's groaning, moaning, feeling me wrapped around him, pulling him deeper. When he cums, his hands loosen on my arms, he leans down, still inside me, and sobs into my chest. I do not console him, as he whispers, "I'm sorry," over and over, until his voice is scratchy. It breaks, and when he whispers that he loves me, I turn away, feeling his seed slide down my thighs. I will not forgive him. A/N: Please leave a review, I worked really hard on this, and would love to know what you think of it.