remember. The knife the afternoon before had been for survival. This was something that civilized people did, used. For a moment she could almost pretend she wasn't the animal Jasper had been treating her as. Jasper narrowed his eyes at the scene before him. She tried her best not to look up at him, not to even notice he was at the same table. She should have known that would only irk him further, cause his rage to slowly shimmer underneath the surface until it became a curdled mess of fury. This was one of the reasons why he didn't let Edward come over often. Scenes like this happened. Scenes like this where she could almost feel like a human being again, where she defied him only with the permission of his brother. She could tell Edward enjoyed mastering over his brother's makeshift slave, that he reveled in bending her to his will when it wasn't his will she should be concerned about. She knew the moment he left, and she was alone with Jasper once more, that he'd throw her down in the cellar for all the luxury she was enjoying now. It almost made the steak in her mouth taste bitter. Almost. In fact, it tasted so good she didn't even mind Edward's imploring fingers on the surface of her exposed thigh. Nor did she care when he began to finger her right there at the dining room table. She was simply too preoccupied with eating the most food she'd had since she had first been taken that everything else around her fell away. It was only when she swallowed the last of what was on his plate that she felt the forbidden orgasm building, reaching it's crescendo. "Are you finished?" His fingers still dove deep. "Yes, sir." Edward chuckled. "I like sir." He turned to Jasper with a glint of humor and arrogance in his eyes, "Does she have a special address for you too, brother?" "No. It seems she doesn't know respect until you come over." She could detect the note of jealously in his tone, could feel the warning his voice as if to say, I am the one who owns you, not him. Stop acting like you're free from me. She straightened herself as best she could in Edward's lap, and tried her best not to make it seem as if she was pulling away. It was hard to not tremble, especially when he kept skimming over her clit with the tips of his fingers, slowly stroking, then pressing down on the hard bud until she gushed from her swollen slit. His long pianist hands seemed to tear her soul from her body, holding it suspended until the last possible moment when it'd felt like she had never had a soul at all, that all she had been was a void of nameless pleasure. "Bring her here." Her nerve endings stilled hearing Jasper's order. Edward listened with a curious look on his face. Jasper sweeped his across the table suddenly, letting their plates, and glasses crash to the floor. Bella watched the broken shards as they were created, and turned back to Jasper with a fearful look in her eyes when he pushed her down on the table, her legs drawn up over his shoulders. "Look at all this honey," he murmured before dipping his head between her legs, his tongue sopping up all the moisture Edward had created. Bella squeezed her eyes shut, trying to block at the sensation of his tongue dipping inside of her, then licking back upwards to swirl around her clit. It was just like what he'd written in his journal. She cries even harder when I use my tongue instead of my cock. She cried now, silent tears escaping her eyes even as she tried to still them by pressing down her eyelids. She wanted to open her mouth to say something, to beg Edward to save her, though why she thought he would sounded even crazy to her. "The boy," Edward said, and that was when dread sunk down deep in her belly. "I want the boy to see this." Bella braced her hands around the sides of the small rounded table, her knuckles turning white from the strain. " No ...not Jake." Her pleas fell on deaf ears, she wasn't even sure if she was whispering or if she was begging with everything inside her. She wasn't sure of anything anymore. If she wanted this to happen, or if she didn't. The wetness between her legs continued to grow, even while her mind tried to fight, tried to find the place inside her that would let her shut off her body's conditioned response to repeated stimuli, repeated sensation. It wasn't until she heard a male groan below her that she realized Edward had dragged Jacob up the stairs to witness her being devoured alive. At the sight of him, all wetness ceased. She'd gone dry against Jasper's mouth, seeing the damage he and she had inflicted. "Bella?" Jacob rasped on his knees. He didn't seem to believe she was there, that she was still alive. His eyes glossed over her, and it took him a few moments to see , to really see and when he did, he cried out, dribble coming down his jaw. Edward came up from behind him, and took hold of the back of his neck. "Look!" Jacob tried to turn away, but couldn't. He was forced to watch just as Bella was forced to remain still. They looked into each others eyes, speaking without words. We should have never stopped that day. We should have kept driving. A/N: I would love it if you got all the way to the end to please leave me a review. I love reading them, and seeing how you guys see my work through your eyes. Thanks, and hope to see you guys with an update of GINY soon. Until next time, a nyr byrjun