making plans for Saturday and Sunday as well. I cleaned the house from top to bottom, enlisting Riley's reluctant help to make everything shine. On Friday, I made two pans of lasagna, and Riley ate almost half a pan himself before he left with his father. Less than five minutes after Mike's car pulled out of the driveway, Edward arrived. I opened the door, my heart beating wildly at the sight of him on my doorstep. I could tell he was as nervous as I; it looked like he'd been running his fingers through his hair the entire way here. He stood with one hand in his pocket, the other clutching a bouquet of lavender roses, his crooked smile charming and uncertain. I ushered him inside and closed the door, standing on the landing where a week ago we had shared our first kiss. Had it really only been a week? It felt like a lifetime ago. But no matter the length of time it had or hadn't been, it just felt right. And looking at him, looking back at me, I simply knew. "Bella," he said simply, holding out the flowers. "Hi, Edward," I answered, reaching out with trembling fingers. The moment my hand touched his, all traces of nervousness vanished, and I smiled up at him. Edward's returning smile was devastatingly beautiful. "Ah, sweetheart," he sighed, cupping my cheek in his palm as he had the first time we'd kissed. "I love you, Bella." I closed my eyes briefly, feeling tears prickle behind my eyelids. "I love you, too, Edward." Our kiss was sweet and slow, and we stood there for unending minutes, lost in our embrace. A tiny meow sounded from our feet, and we both laughed when Sonrisa started to climb his jean-clad legs, impatient for his attention. He held her and scratched behind her ears as he followed me into the kitchen, where I put the roses in a vase and added water. I leaned back against the counter and watched him. "So ..." Edward said, stepping closer, almost touching me. Close, but not quite close enough. "So ..." I parroted, nibbling on my bottom lip. "Mmmm, I love that," Edward said, dipping his head down and kissing me again. The kitten meowed indignantly at being squished between us and struggled to get free. Edward gave her one last scratch and set her on the floor, where she scampered over to her food dish. He turned back and pulled me into his arms. "I've been waiting for this all week," he sighed. "Me, too," I admitted. "Let's sit down, shall we?" Edward asked, nodding his head toward the couch. He sat in the same spot he had last week, patting the cushion right next to him. He looped his arm around me, and I leaned into him, resting my head on his shoulder. I skimmed my nose along his neck, picking up a subtle hint of aftershave that made me want to nibble there. Why not? I thought to myself, pressing a soft kiss to the skin just below his ear. I smiled against his neck when he groaned, licking the spot I'd just kissed for good measure. He shifted so he could lower his lips to mine, this kiss more passionate than the last. I twisted to wrap my arms around his neck, straddling his lap. This time I was the one that moaned when I felt his burgeoning hardness against my stomach, and I couldn't stop myself from circling my hips to press even tighter against him. Edward swore under his breath, breaking our kiss to trail his lips to my ear. "Baby, please. Keep that up, and we'll be skipping dinner and going straight to dessert." His voice was a husky whisper, sending a shiver down my spine as he pressed a line of kisses down my neck. "I am so totally okay with that," I giggled, tilting my head to the side to give him better access. Edward pulled back and cupped my face, his eyes searching mine. "Are you sure, Bella?" he asked seriously. "I love you, and I want you, but I need you to be sure before we take that step." I smiled, caressing his cheek. "I admit that I'm nervous about ... you know," I said with a blush, gesturing between the two of us. "Me, too," Edward confessed, his fingers playing with the hem of my shirt. "What if I do something you don't like? Or don't do something you do like? I'm trying really hard not to screw this up. If you aren't comfortable, or ready to make love, then we wait. I've waited my entire life to find you, Bella, and I'm not going to rush you." Rambling Edward was adorable, and I couldn't stop myself from kissing him again. He was so damn sweet. We were both breathless by the time I pulled away. "I am absolutely certain, Edward. I love you, I want you, and I don't want to wait." I climbed off his lap and reached for his hand, lacing my fingers with his. "C'mon, my room is this way," I told him, nodding my head toward the hallway. All nervousness vanished as we learned one another. His hands and lips traced my skin, as I explored the hard planes of his body with my own. Each kiss, each touch, each caress strengthened the impossible connection we had. We smiled, we laughed, we sighed and groaned. I had never felt so treasured before, and when he slid inside of me, I knew I would never be the same again. Hours later we lay replete in one another's arms, my head on his chest as he traced his fingers down my spine. "You know you're stuck with me now, right? This is the first night of our forever," he murmured, pressing a drowsy kiss to my forehead. "Forever with you? That sounds perfect," I agreed, slowly drifting to sleep in his arms.