human, we will kill you all." Carlisle hesitated for a moment before agreeing. In theory it was a reasonable law, in practice however, it was a difficult thing to have hanging over a vampire's head. "You are our enemies," Ephraim warned, "I am friendly to you now because I do not know you, but I still do not trust you. Stay away from our tribe and leave quickly." "We hoped to stay here for several years…" Carlisle said. "Then don't do anything to make us kill you," Ephraim said, rather offhandedly in Edward's opinion. When none of the vampires said anything against Ephraim's treaty, he signalled the other men in the forest. They walked back around, releasing the Cullens from their confinement. Ephraim turned his back and started to walk away before looking over his shoulder, "Remember vampires, bite a human or step onto our land, and we'll kill you or run you out of town." As Ephraim walked away Edward grappled with the odd emotions he was experiencing. Something deep within him wanted him to follow the man. He wanted to stay with him, knowing there was something important and precious that he had. Edward just didn't know what it was yet. So with a final glance back, Edward followed his family to their house. They stayed in Forks for three years before deciding to move to Alaska with the Denali Clan. It had been a great three years and they all were sad to leave Forks, but it was time. Carlisle had set up a meeting with Ephraim Black to inform him that they would be leaving and they hadn't decided when they would come back. After coming home the night when they made the treaty, Edward had told his family about what he had learned and how the tribe had the capability to turn in the wolves. They were more cautious after that, and it was one of the reasons they were leaving Forks so soon. Esme and Rosalie were still relatively new to the vampire lifestyle, and they lived in constant fear of a slip up. So after years of worrying, they decided that to be safe and honour the laws of the treaty, they would leave Forks and return at a time when they were more confident that they wouldn't accidently entice the tribe's wrath. Edward and Carlisle waited at the border for Ephraim and any other tribe's men to show up. Even after all these years, Edward was still reluctant to see Ephraim. Late at night he would sometimes hear a whisper or feel a pull, drawing him towards La Push. A few times he even found himself standing at the border, fighting with himself not to cross and discover what it was that made Ephraim so important. Leaving now would be difficult for Edward. He wasn't upset that he was leaving Ephraim. Ephraim himself didn't matter. But Edward knew that by leaving Forks he was living something important behind. Something connected to Ephraim. What that was, Edward couldn't even begin to contemplate. Ephraim emerged from the woods, again followed by a group of men. "What do you want Cullen?" "I wanted to let you know that my family and I are leaving Forks for the time being." Ephraim's brow furrowed, "What do you mean? Are you leaving for good?" "We love Forks and have found a home here. However after much discussion, we have decided that it is better if we leave. My wife and Rose are still new to this lifestyle, and we would hate to break the treaty because of an accident. So we will leave for now. But we will return. We are keeping our house and much of the furniture that can be saved will be put into storage." "And you will return?" "Yes, though we don't know when. It may be decades before we return. But I'm sure one day we will." "Fine, but remember Cullen, the treaty still stands. When – If, you ever return, that treaty is binding," Ephraim warned. "Of course, I understand." "You're in our books now, future generations will know of you. Don't think that you'll be allowed to come back and not abide by our rules." "I would expect nothing less." Without a parting nod or farewell, Ephraim turned away and disappeared into the woods. Carlisle heaved a heavy sigh, Are all Wolves so difficult? He wondered, before starting back for the house. Edward started to follow but was stopped by the odd tugging trying to keep him there. Edward took another fleeting glance in the direction of La Push and wondered what was there that drew Edward. What was calling him? He stood in the quiet forest, surrounded by the sounds of birds, bugs, and wildlife. And he waited, desperately wanting to know what it was he was missing. "Edward?" Carlisle called. "Hurry up, Kate is expecting us by two." Edward stood another moment longer then gathered all his self-control and walked away from the La Push Reservation. Had he known that it would take another sixty years before he would return, he might have waited a moment longer. A/N: Well I hope you enjoyed it! Obviously this is just the prologue. Jake comes in the next chapter. I'm not sure when I'll post that. It's done, but I need to space out my posting times a bit. (If you're a first time reader of mine, you'll realise very quickly that I take a while to update. I'm working full-time, writing my own book, and getting ready to move to Scotland to get my PhD.) Unless, of course, my excitement gets the best of me or a lot of people seem interested in this story. Then I might post it sooner. I guess that's my way of conning/convincing/bribing you into reviewing, but I hate when authors hold chapters hostage until they reach a certain number of reviews, so I'll never do that. Anyway, tell me what you think! Interested? ~AJ Kelly