to her satisfaction. She liked how it was cheaper than actually shopping for branded, beautiful clothes that costed more than she could afford. She was hesitant when it came to wasting away the extra money she earned from small jobs her and Bella did. She only spend sufficient amount to cover up necessary expenses. When she became vaguely aware that the expenses of the trio was causing a financial strain, she had applied for a scholarship in her seventh grade. It was difficult for their mom, a single woman, to support her two young daughters and herself. Amber knew she was academically competent and intelligent. Her high GPA, and her extra help in school had contributed into successfully landing her with a much needed scholarship. Her mother had been happy, and her sister too if you don't cound the little envy. Amber could understand where Bella was coming from with the jealousy over her younger sister's achievement. Their financial condition gradually started to be steady after her scholarship. Her and Bella did small jobs together, like helping in the neighbourhood, especially with babysitting and tutoring. The money wasn't much, but it was better than nothing. And especially when Phil Dawer barged into their lives that it began improving. He was the new boyfriend of their mom, younger than her, but it didn't matter as they made eachother happy. He insisted on helping them, even if they refused. They were relucant, but Phil was extremely stubborn, and ended up pursuing their mom. For Amber, it still felt uneasy to partially rely on someone as good as a stranger, but things got comfortable when Phil started showing actual eagerness about being a part of their family. She couldn't have been more happier when she found out about her mom's and Phil's engagement. It was inevitable, as they had dated for years and could endure eachother perfectly well and partially because it was fated to happen in the book. But the blonde was also saddened, knowing her dad would be heartbroken. Despite years of separation, he still had unresolved feelings for her mom lingering somewhere. Amber also knew that the inevitable was approaching soon. Too soon for her liking. Forks and all the supernatural crap. Bella openly detested Forks, Amber didn't. Even though the constantly freezing weather sometimes gifted her with frequent common colds and minor sickness, she loved the town. It was no secret how much she preferred the rainy small town to Cali. When Bella turned thirteen, she had practically forced her to stop with the Forks visits they did every summer. She of course, bluntly refused Bella and continued. Since their dad wanted to spend time with both of them, he made a routine to spend every two weeks of summer in sunny Arizona. And since Amber loved Forks too much, she would then spend rest of the holiday with her dad in Forks. This time, their stay was going to be much longer. The blonde teen was delighted and frightened at the same time. Primarily worried about her sister's potential future which included supernatural creatures. Ever since she had figured out about being stuck into this paper world, Amber had vehemently anticipated this. A protective part of her wanted to lock Bella away somewhere far away where the name of Edward Cullen couldn't even reach her ears, but another caring part of her wanted her sister's happiness more than anything, even if it laid with the very same douchebag. But she knew that her internal debate was useless. Bella and Edward were soul mates, she couldn't keep them apart even if she tried to, but she could use precautions on keeping Bella safe in Forks from the knowledge she had acquired from reading all the Twilight books. For instance, Amberine could easily stop the baseball incident from happening which would prevent James from finding out about Bella or hunting her down. Also, she could avoid the paper cut accident on Bella's eighteenth birthday party from happening too, and save her sister from a lot of heart break over the months that would follow after Edward leaving her. And poor Jacob wouldn't be led on or have his werewolf-y heart broken. Amber believed that from that way, there would be least chances of the Volturi being aware of Bella and her knowledge about the existence of vampires. And if the James incident wouldn't happen, then she was pretty freaking sure about Victoria not coming back seeking revenge on the love birds with her mini New born army. Oh, and Laurent won't be ripped to pieces and burned by the wolves. Why did she care? Please, she wasn't slightest bit worried about Laurent's wellbeing. She only wanted the Denali girl to be less of a bitch to Bella and the pack if precious Laurent wouldn't burn into ashes. The plan sounded perfect. No, more than that. With her knowledge, Amber could prevent those horrible events from ever happening and save everyones' asses from all the trouble and unnecessary drama that was destined to take place... All she needed to do, was manipulations and a lot of scheming. Maybe. Just maybe, that's what the vampires, werewolves, and humans in Forks needed too? A little enlightening guidance from Amberine Swan. [ REVISED ] Okay, so I did a major revising of this chapter, not only with grammatical mistakes, or words but with the facts too. Instead of making Amber too perfect and Mary Sue-ish with her having a goddess complex, I tried to make her seem like a normal teenager. I changed the overly pretty, popular, sporty Amber into the just slightly pretty, friendly and a little clumsy Amber as you've seen above. I also added some facts. I remember when I first wrote the previous preface, those were dark days. This revised one is tons less cringeworthy than the previous one. As of the people who had actually made through the previous versions, congratulations. You are one courageous human. stay gold, ana.