the pyjamas, which contained a pair of white shorts and a grey tank top that accompanied it, it was a simple yet not to over sexualised, it kept modesty. The final bag I looked into held a beautiful two piece swim suit. It was black, with yellow and white sections and it was just beautiful. Jasper definitely did know how to make a girl feel pretty. But why would I need a bikini? So I spun around and left the room in search of my handsome date. "Jasper?" I shouted out as I walked out on to the balcony, to find him staring out over the horizon. When he turned to look at me I thought I would melt on the spot. " Pull yourself together Bella! " my inner voice chastised me. "Why did you buy me a bikini?" I asked shyly, afraid to look at him. "Because I wanted us to enjoy the pool that is on the floor below. In door obviously, and owned by Carlisle." he smiled sweetly at me, pulling me closer to him. "We don't have to go in if you don't want to," he said softly into my hair, hugging me closer to him. "No, no, I want to go in there. It would be a waste if you had bought those for nothing. I appreciated it, thank you," I said as I wriggled so I could face him and kissed his cheek before wondering back into the suite to change. I hurriedly changed into the bikini, wanting to be with Jasper again. One downside of the top was that there was a clasp in the middle that connected the two straps together at the back and I couldn't reach it, so with a towel held tightly to my body, I exited the room for the third time and calling out for Jasper to come and help me. When he arrived I saw that he was in a pair of swim shorts himself and I would be down right lying if I said I wasn't turned on by what I saw. "What's the matter Bella?" he asked, worry in his voice. "Could you connect the clasps at the back please," I said shyly as I blushed a lovely bright red. "Which ones?" he asked, I could tell he had a smirk on his face. "The top ones." I said and shivered when I felt his fingers gently come into contact with my back. I heard the noise of the clasps being joined and expected Jasper to remove his hands from my back but he didn't, he gently trailed his fingers up and down my back, up to my shoulders and down my arms and then back the way they came. I had to bite my lip to prevent a groan from escaping my mouth at the sensuality of the act. Then he pulled away and this time I did groan, in annoyance. "Come on darlin' we have a Jacuzzi waiting for us." he smiled, gently holding my hand and leading me to an unseen elevator that took us down to the floor below. We quickly settled into the Jacuzzi. Jasper was sat to my right, his arm draped over the back, looking calm and relaxed, whilst I was a nervous wreck. The reason I was nervous wasn't because I was half naked with Jasper, a very very hot guy, in a Jacuzzi - no I was nervous because my instincts were telling me to jump the very, very hot guy sat on my right. He was within touching distance. His left knee was touching my right, and his legs were stretched out, so I could easily climb into his lap. And that's what I did, slowly as not to make me fall over I got up and sat in his lap. As soon as my ass hit the top of his thighs I felt something in between my legs, so I moved a little and the look that appeared on Jasper's face was amazing, he looked like it was bliss and torture all at the same time, so I repeated the action to see his reaction again. Oh god, that makes me sound sadistic, but when it comes to Jasper these things intrigue me. Jasper: When we got down to the floor below I could tell Bella was becoming nervous, I had no idea at what though. We settled quickly into the Jacuzzi, and she became even more nervous, and I think it had something to do with me but when I was about to ask her why she was so nervous she was moving, moving on to my lap, and it took me by surprise. Not only did her moving onto my lap take me by surprise but her grinding against my current hard on. I had to bite the inside of my lip to stop myself from groaning out loud but I think Bella saw the pleasure that was on my face and continued to grind. Her grinding increased in pace and I got impossible harder. "Bella, if you don't stop I might just take you here!" I growled into her ear and she seemed to carry on what she was doing, pleasure written all across her face. I moved us slightly so I could gain access to my shorts to take out my member and Bella moved the crotch of her bikini bottoms. I looked up to her and asked, "Bella, are you sure?" Her response was a guttural moan and she ground herself down on my wrist and then she groaned out "please". Who was I to deny this women, this goddess in my lap. I lined my self up with her entrance when a phone went off next to the Jacuzzi that made both of us jump. I picked it and saw that it was mine, and it flashed "Peter" so I quickly answered it. "This better be good Captain." and he answered with a single word, "Maria."