of trying to wait for always late Edward and bedtime was a little easier not having to drag him away from the computer for prayer time. Instead, we called him at bedtime every night. For the first few months he always picked up until eventually he didn't. It was hurting the kids so much I eventually stopped calling him and he never called us to talk to the kids. Eventually his only interaction with them was the night a week he came to visit them and have supper with us and the every other weekend that he took them home with him. Somehow it worked. I worked really hard to make things as easy as possible for the kids. A side effect was it was a hell of a lot easier for Edward than it might have been otherwise, but that wasn't my focus. My main goal in everything was that the kids felt safe, loved, secure, and happy. If that meant I plastered on a fake smile and tried to talk up going with Dad when it was time, then I did it. Eventually, Edward and I found we got along a lot better when he wasn't living in the house. Sometimes we almost got along like we did before the weight of marriage bogged him down. It's the little things that really seem to make the most difference. More than once, when I've been sick, he's made the added effort to bring me my favorite soup from the little family diner in town. We go out to eat and still share food off each other's plates. At his extended family get-togethers, that his mother won't let me say no to, we end up sitting at the table laughing as we tell the same stories about early marriage and parenthood. We talk about things we did and people we knew like we're old friends. And I guess, in a way, that's what we really are. We started out as friends and maybe that's where we were always destined to end, but it seems like it shouldn't have hurt so much along the way. I twisted and bent myself so much trying to make everything work and accommodate him that I became someone I didn't even recognize. Maybe that's why we are able to communicate back on that wave length now. Maybe being away from him and the spiral we had somehow fallen into allowed me to return to some semblance of the person he fell in love with. I get totally frustrated with him still, yet I can see glimmers of the man I married, the caring guy who goes out of his way to stop and get you a quart of soup when your jaw doesn't want to open after dental work or your stomach hasn't accepted real food in days. It's all very difficult and confusing. Sometimes, when we are like that, I think maybe, just maybe we could work things out…then I remember what life was like circling that drain in our self-made hell and I realize that it would never work out if we tried to go back. It's so hard to let go though. I always thought of myself as a strong, independent woman, and yet I have found myself making the weak decision over and over. It always comes back to the same two things…fear and desire to put others first. And by others, I mostly mean my kids. All of my friends say we have the strangest divorce in history, even though two years of separation later we still aren't divorced. Neither of us are pushing for it and I don't have insurance through my job, so it benefits me as well. I know the time is coming fast when we won't be able to stay in this limbo, but I'm NEVER getting involved with a guy again and Edward doesn't seem to be in a rush to drop the legal knife, so we're in limbo. It's a strange place to be and I know it's probably stupid of me and rather unhealthy for us all, but I have to walk the tightrope as best I can for what's best for the kids and me. I think, in my heart, we're actually divorced. We're just waiting for the paperwork to catch up. Our anniversary was two months ago. He sent me a text before the day was over. Happy 10 th Anniversary, Bella. I know it isn't as great as it was supposed to be. I'm sorry. That was it. It took me several hours to reply. Same to you. I'm sorry I couldn't be the wife you wanted/needed me to be. I don't know where we will be when this is all over, but please know you will always be special to me. I couldn't write I Love You. I'd accidentally said it a few nights before and it felt wrong. I cringed and I think he saw it. He said an awkward "you too" and left. As I closed the door, I cursed myself. "Why the hell did you just say that, Bella? You don't love him." My heart constricted because I knew that finally, after all he'd put me through, it was true. At least not the way we really needed to love each other to make a marriage work. It's time for me to move forward and move on. I just really don't know how…and I think for now, remaining married feels safe. I can't in good conscience date or get involved with anyone while I'm still legally bound to Edward. It's not in me. Some people could, but not me. So for now, staying like this, my heart is safe. I won't be tempted. I won't be broken. For as much as these past ten years have injured and banged me up, I'm still here. I'm still surviving. If I were to open myself up again…I'm not so sure this skin of mine could endure another pounding.