He completely ignored my questions however. Like, "what happened?" is such a hard question to fucking answer? Apparently it was. Both he and nurse Wendy ignored my one simple question. All they would say was that I was in an accident. But the way they said it made it seem like maybe it wasn't an accident at all. All they would tell me was I had a mild concussion and a sprained wrist. I had been sitting alone in my hospital room for probably an hour or so, I wasn't sure. I couldn't really see the clock through my blurred vision. No one had come to check on me. My last dose of pain killers were over an hour ago. But the fog in my brain was starting to lift. Finally. The thing around my neck happened to be a neck brace. I tore that off as soon as I could. My neck hurt but it was fine. I tried to recall the events that led me there but I was having some difficulty. I remembered it was Friday. I left school and went to the square in Port Angeles with Jessica and Lauren to go 'window shopping'. Meaning I may or may not have stolen a few things. It was dark when they dropped me off at home. My parents were out. A gathering of some sort, I think. I got hungry. I went into the kitchen... My parents... they were fighting when they came home, but that's not unusual. What happened? I was drawing a blank. Before I could think on it too much more, the door handle to my room jiggled. I was expecting Dr. Moore or Nurse Wendy. What I wasn't expecting was my mother with a look of murderous rage on her face. "Isabella Marie Swan, you fucking idiot," she hissed through her teeth, closing the door behind her, her furious eyes never leaving mine. "Gee, thanks for the concern, Mommy Dearest." What the hell is her problem? "Oh, you bet your ass I'm concerned. About me!" She jabbed her finger at herself. I rolled my eyes. Classic Renee. Everything is about her. "Look, mom," I start but she cuts me off, storming to my side and slapping me upside the head with unbridled strength. "What the fuck? I have a concussion!" I couldn't believe she would do that. She was a craptastic mom, for sure, but she never hit me before. And I was suddenly wishing I had left that neck brace on. She took a step back and clasped her hands behind her, as if the impulse to hit me was too strong for her to fight. I scooted back on the hospital bed in case she lost the fight with her composure. My head was fucking throbbing . "You've really done it this time. You have finally proven to be the disappointment I always expected you to be. Well done, dipshit!" She claps her hands together, a sarcastic smile spreading across her face, her eyes, however, shone with the fiery pits of hell. Of all the times I had 'disappointed' my parents, embarrassed them, cost them money and connections, I had never seen her like this. What the actual fuck did I do? I was actually starting to worry. "I... mom, I really don't remember what happened." "Oh, yeah. Okay," she laughed, "you're going to play that amnesia card again?" Okay, so I may have done that once or twice... or six times. I guess I was kind of the boy who cried wolf. The girl who claimed brain damage. "I'm serious," I muttered looking down at my hands. I was fading under her intense scrutiny. I knew my parents hated me – mostly my mother – but she usually kept up pretenses in a public place. This was different. I was trying to search my brain for what I could have possibly done that was so awful to entice such a reaction from not only my mother, but the hospital staff as well. Friday. School let out. Port Angeles. Home. No parents. Ravioli. Parents come home. Fight... Again, I was drawing a blank. I felt like there was something there, something I knew, but it was like my brain was closing the door on my memory every time it came into reach. Okay. I could play connect the dots. Well, it was Friday night. I go out on Fridays... I mean, I went out pretty much all the time, but Fridays were a total given. And obviously, I must have gone and gotten myself into some kind of trouble. I was sitting on a hospital bed with my mother fuming over me for Christs sake. Okay... I went out. Probably a party. Gah! Dammit, why can't I remember? I dropped my aching head into my hands. "Just tell me what I did and give me my punishment, okay?" I couldn't deal with any more. I was tired and hurting and I just wanted to nap while I could. As soon as I got home my mom would be on my case. Ain't no rest for the wicked. To my surprise, my mother fell silent. Deadly. I couldn't even hear her heavy breaths anymore. I peaked up at her through my fingers. She was staring at me. Her cold brown eyes giving nothing away. The hard line of her mouth so tense that her full lips nearly disappeared. A sense of foreboding filled the room, coating its contents like a thick fog. Finally she leaned it closer to me and spoke, her voice barely above a whisper, "You made a mistake." A/n: Okay, so this is my first attempt at posting anything I have written. I noticed that Twilight fanfic was getting to be few and far between and that made me kind of sad. So here I am. I really hope you all enjoyed it and if you did, please let me know and give me some encouragement. More to come.