you done with me?" My breath is short and tight, my desire barely contained. I stand up and walk over, stopping just to her right. As she watches in the mirror, I remove my shirt and tie then undo my pants and push them down. Her eyes get dark as she takes in my arousal, my fist slowly moving up and down its length. I move behind her and push her down across the dresser before rubbing myself where she is wet and ready. I lean forward and bite her shoulder before whispering in her ear. " I'm going to fuck you hard, Bella, so you never forget who owns you. I would suggest you hold on tight." I push her feet further apart. I wait a long moment as she arches her back in anticipation. " Who do you belong to?" " You," she whispers. " Do you want those other men? Do you think anyone could fuck you like I can?" " No, no one could ever do to me what you do, Edward," she whispers, trying not to smile. " Ask me for it," I demand. " Please," she moans. " Please what, Bella?" " Please, please fuck me." I slam into her hard. She is even hotter and wetter than I imagined. I rock my hips back and slam again and again, gradually picking up an unrelenting rhythm. I can hear the sound of our skin slapping together. It echoes in my ears even still. I keep one hand tight on her hip, holding her where I want her, and the other roughly twisting her nipple. We are heat and passion, darkness and light. I can tell I'm not going for the long haul. I'm too aroused, and I know that a climax is the only thing that will pull this fury out of me. "Touch yourself," I demand. Her hand slips between her legs, and it doesn't take long before I can feel her contracting as her ass grinds into me. The vision of watching her bring herself to orgasm is beyond words. Even though I'm supposedly dominating her in this game, she is a lioness-fierce and proud. In that moment I realize the truth- that she is actually dominating me. As soon as she starts to come I am undone, pounding her hard and fast with each stroke, her ass getting pinker by the minute. My release is mind bending, as I take her with everything I have. I lean back in my chair and close my eyes, trying to regain focus and slow my breathing. My heart is pounding. I can only imagine what Cara thinks. "How were things when you were…done?" Cara asks, looking down at her notes. "How were things?" I ask, tipping my head. Is she asking about the weather or how hard I came? "How did you feel? How did she feel?" "Satisfied," I whispered. "Very satisfied." Cara looks over at the clock. She looks flustered. "Well, I see our time is up, Edward. Are we meeting Thursday at the same time? We can discuss this more then." I nod and wait until she gets up and turns her back before I stand up and adjust myself. I pull out my phone before I'm even out the door. Luckily I get phone reception in the elevator and even in the parking garage. "Baby," I sigh a breath of relief. "Hi love," she replies happily. "How was your session?" "It was intense. Remember the night on our trip that I got jealous and how I spanked you when we got back to the hotel?" She moans. "Oh course, I'll never forget that." "Well, we started to talk about how that night made me feel. You know, how much the idea of hurting you scared me when I was raging about those men." "Good God, you told her about the spanking? I'm so embarrassed!" "Baby, she's a therapist, I bet that's nothing compared to some of the shit she hears about." "Well, that night was unbelievably hot," she says in a low voice. I picture her bent over the dresser, beckoning me with her gorgeous pink ass. I shift myself again, struggling to handle the pressure building. I need relief desperately. I need my baby now. "Let's just say that talking about it got me thinking…and I was wondering, how soon do you get off work?" "I'm almost done for the day. What do you have in mind?" I love it when she plays nice with me. "How about if I make sweet love to you for hours and worship you to make up for being so harsh that night? I've got to have you, so can you hurry home? I'll meet you there." "And what if I'm naughty and come a bit late?" I sigh deeply. This woman's going to be my undoing. "Well, then there will be repercussions. So keep that in mind." "Oh, I will," she whispers. I can imagine her wicked smile. I reach for my keys and turn my wrist sharply, firing up the ignition. I'm a lucky bastard because right now there are only eight miles, a flight of stairs and some easily removed clothes between me and my baby. No matter how she wants it…if she let's me be so good to her, or if she demands that I be bad; all that matters is that she'll be in my arms… my baby, my love, my Bella. . Sigh...for those of you that hadn't read this, I am so happy to share Artward once more. I'm also currently working on a Work of Art outtake for the Fandom For Sexual Assault Awareness fundraiser. It is not too late to donate: http:/fandom4saa (dot) wordpress (dot) com/ Also-if you haven't yet, please check out my new story Animate Me. It is very different than Work of Art, but I promise it will be an worthwhile ride. http:/www (dot) fanfiction (dot) net/s/6989390/1/Animate_Me Thanks for reading! xoxo abbie