town puts on, and swimming to look forward to. I'm going to put this as nicely as possible...YOU ARE NOT A LOSER! I didn't like hearing that others thought of you like that, but I hate hearing you think that of yourself. What I've learned about you this year tells me that if we lived in the same town, you'd be one of my best friends. I'd happily help you break out of your shell and make it so you'd never have to make a resolution like you did again. I'm going to miss our emails too and while I want to keep this going longer, my mama is twirling her finger in the air and telling me to wrap it up. So, goodbye Bella and, with the equally cliched sentiment, have a fun summer. Jasper -P- July 4, 2013 To: BSwan From: SouthernBoy97 Subject: Hi Hey, Bella, I don't know if you'll see this or not. I don't know if you only had the email for the penpal project like I did or if it's your actual one. Hopefully, you'll see this though. I know our last email was supposed to be our last, but I find I miss you too much. I miss getting the little peeks in your life and hearing the things that others who've known you your whole life probably don't know. I've spent the last month wondering what you were doing. I've thought about emailing you before now, but I wasn't sure if you wanted to hear from me, plus I just got my computer back last week-passed Math with an A, thank you very much. However, I was watching the fireworks tonight and couldn't stop thinking about you. I wondered if you were watching some in person or if you had to settle for them on TV. But before that I couldn't help but wonder if you'd been fishing yet or if you'd been sleeping in. I wondered how your dad was and if you'd gone to the library. You were only supposed to be a school project, but in the months we emailed you became a friend. So, I decided that I would email you and propose emailing each other again. It doesn't have to be all the time, just when something comes up that we want to tell or ask each other. You can say no, and we can go back to it just being what it was, but I'd like to hear from you. Until next time...hopefully… Jasper -P- August 10, 2013 To: SouthernBoy97 From: BookwormB97 Subject: Hi and Sorry Hey Jasper, I'm so sorry it took me so long to get back to you. I just saw your email. The one I had is a school one, but I'll have it until I graduate. I only signed in to check to see if my schedule had come through yet, and was pleasantly surprised to see your email waiting for me. This email is my regular one and I check it every day, so any more emails won't be late coming back to you. And I guess that answers your proposal, but if it's not clear, yes I would like to keep emailing with you. I thought about you a lot over the summer, congrats on the A, and wondered what you were doing to. I hope your mom didn't work you too hard and you were able to enjoy most of the summer. I did everything I had planned, and even worked in a few other things into my oh so busy schedule. The fourth was actually a really fun day. Dad had it off, for the first time in as long as I can remember, and we spent the day in Port Angeles, the biggest town closest to Forks. We had breakfast before watching the parade. Then lunch, a movie, shopping at the bookstore and mall for my school clothes, dinner, and then fireworks. It was nice. Dad also finally let me start driving. He bought a beat up old truck off his best friend and got it running for me as an early birthday present. It's huge and rusted and while I know the kids at school will make fun of it, I love it. I attached a pic of it before he got it going, but it still looks like that. He offered to have it painted, but I said no. Every time he's been off, he's taken me over to the high school and taught me how to drive it, since it's a stick shift. I'm still not quite there yet, starting off is my biggest issue, but dad thinks by the time I get my license I will be a pro. Alright, I think that's all for this email. Until next time...:) (I really like typing that) Bella Jasper sits back as he finishes reading Bella's email and then looks to the door as his mom asks, "What's got you grinning ear to ear?" "Just an email from a friend." Jasper answers. His mom smiles, having never seen him smiling like that and leaves him with, "Must be some friend," before she continues down the hall to his sister's room. Jasper acknowledges her words with a nod of his head, not realizing she's already moved on as he's busy rereading the email. He admits he was worried that Bella hadn't got the email when she didn't answer back right away and even had a small doubt that she just wasn't interested in keeping the friendship going. But now, he's happy to see that he was wrong on both counts and wonders if it would be weird to email her back right away. He did say every now and then, but finally he decides that her email deserves a response and sitting forward he hits reply; the grin still on his face as his fingers start to type. -P- I hope you're enjoying it so far. Next update will be in an hour or two.