fuck her good for me?" And oh my god if Alice didn't come undone when she immediately felt Bella's fingers dance up and down her slit directly after that. She tried to remove her head to moan, but was held firmly in place by Rosalie's firm grasp, "Please Alice, please fuck me, I need it... holy fuck ... please." Alice, trying not to concentrated on Bella's fingers crawling closer and closer to her desperate and pulsating cunt, slowly entered a finger into the writhing blonde, moving slowly and spreading her wetness around each of her digits, before again entering her with two slender fingers. She could hear the staccato fuckfuckfuck that Rosalie was chanting out, growing louder when Alice added a third finger, and quickened her pace. She could feel Bella still toying with her from behind, calling out words of encouragement, touching her but not touching her, waiting for Alice to beg, no doubt. Alice felt a small tightening around her fingers, and moved her tongue in faster circles around Rosalies tortured clit. "Alice, fuck, don't stop. Harder Alice... fuck, oh fuck, fuck me harder." It was when Rosalie's voice reached her final pleading peak and began called out Alice's, Bella's, and even God's name, that Bella entered and innocent finger into Alice's waiting pussy. She could feel her other hand reaching forward to tightly twist her nipple, Bella's torso laying against Alice's back, heated words of just how good Bella would fuck her, and Alice wanted so desperately to never leave this room. To have these beautiful women make her feel human, and alive, and loved, just as they had all night. To feel them come undone beneath her, and have them unravel her lonely walls just as much. "Alice I am no-where near done with you. You deserve so much, baby. You fucked our Rosie so well, so fucking well. Would you like me to do that with you?" She felt a second finger enter her, "Would you like me to fuck you hard and slow?" Another sharp tug on her aching nipple, "Do you want to ride my face? Do you want my tongue to torture you?" Her nipple was released, and there was a sharp squeeze and slap on her ass. "That's what I'll give you, my sweet girl." The fingers in her cunt suddenly began moving, slowly at first, and then faster. Alice barely had time to breathe. In, out. In, out. Faster now, harder now. In, out. In, out. Her breathing was erratic, and she felt a sharp tug on her hair, only to have her mouth thoroughly occupied by Rosalie's tongue. She traced all of her teeth, and dominated her mouth as much as Bella played with her cunt, making her whimper more and more. And then the fingers were gone, and she was empty. Rosalie kept her mouth occupied as Bella lifted Alice's hips, slipping underneath so she was laying directly beneath the heated kiss, watching as Rosalie sucked Alice's tongue into her mouth. When Rose was finally done, Bella moved her hand up to Alice's mouth, and plunge her sticky fingers into Alice's wet cavern. "Taste how sweet you are, baby girl," Alice was surprised to hear Rosalie speaking to her this time, having become accustomed to Bella's dirty words in the short time of knowing her. "Do you like how rough she can get?" Rose was whispering now, "but she takes care of people she cares about. I can see her starting to care about you, little dove. And the more she cares, the more she fucks." As if on queue, Bella removed her hand from Alice's mouth, and roughly plunged two fingers back inside the straddling Alice. Rose pulled her back into a heated kiss, and moved Alice's small body forward to rest her aching pussy on Bella's face. There was no teasing anymore as Bella poked out her tongue and swirled it around Alice's clit, working in tandem with her fast fingers. Always harder, always thorough. Her tongue was warm and she absolutely controlled Alice's body. Leaning forward to suck a nipple pack into her mouth, Rosalie held stark strong onto Alice's hair, keep her back straight, almost immobile to the sensations they were giving her. And then she felt it building, a curling sensation in her toes, her shaking thighs, coiling in her stomach until it finally exploding up her chest and through her throat. Alice cried out loudly as her orgasm not only shook her, but absolutely awakened never-endings she didn't even know she had. Bella and Rosalie continued their assault on her body all the while, allowing her to ride out every piece of happiness they could bring her, until finally she fell forward into Rosalie's arms, and was lowered gently onto the mattress below. She could feel a hand stroking her hair, a gentle kiss on her temple, and a sheet and quilt being pulled over her bare body. Her nervous breath was no longer laboured, and her tentative hands no longer beseeching. She found only a tired feeling content, as she allowed the two beautiful women to pull her into unconsciousness. She was so very close to sleep. She had practically been running on empty before Emmett had taken her to the fateful club hours ago, but despite her lethargy, she found Bella's hand behind her, and drew her arms across her waist. She then felt Rosalie in front of her, lifting her neck to put her arm underneath it, and cradle the two women close to her body. Alice had no concept of time. She could barely even make out a 'thank-you'. She let out a slow chuckle, and felt the other two women do the same. The only thing she could feel was the sheets against her skin, and the unwavering warmth the two women pressed against her brought. Alice let sleep take her with a smile for the first time in a year and a half. Leave a review!