they'll meet a fight. We're not those two frightened human girls anymore," I rant. How many times had I made this same argument? "No, you're not," Charlotte says from the door. She watches us meticulously fold and pack our clothing, our makeup, watches as we blur to our shared bathroom to grab things from the shower. "Where are we going?" I ask. "Washington," Charlotte gives a small half shrug, trying to appear nonchalant, but ruins it by biting her lip. She and Peter had regained more of their human habits as time had passed for them. Bree and I still appear less human, but we're working on being looser with our facial expressions and body language. Bree perks up immediately. Her vampire emotions are even more intense than mine; the bedframe creaks under the added weight of her strained muscles bearing down on the footboard in her excitement. "Oh, Charlotte, really?! Washington, D.C?! That's amazing! I've always wanted to go! I can see the Lincoln Memorial, and the Holocaust museum, oh! And Isabella! We can go to the Smithsonian and see all the dresses of all the First Ladies, and-" "Oh, honey, I'm sorry! Not Washington, D.C. Washington State ," Charlotte stresses. Bree's face falls instantly. She goes completely silent, so different from moments before. She considers her new destination for a moment. I watch her amusedly. "Well, alright. There's not much to do there so I guess it'll leave me plenty of time to read my new books." Without a second thought, Bree unzips her neatly packed suitcase and adds fifteen books. "That'll last you a whole three days," I tease, "if you only read during the daylight hours! And at human pace!" Bree sticks her tongue out at me. Charlotte smiles, relieved that we're still on board with Peter's impromptu trip. "Flight leaves in an hour girls! Had to catch the first one. This is important." Peter's voice is strained. The teasing mood vanishes instantly. Bree zips her suitcase and I take a deep breath; bayou air fills my lungs, blocks all else with its scent. It's a delightful mixture; its scents has clung to my skin, hair, and clothes since I began staying here. I look around our warm, quirky home. "I hope we come home soon," I whisper. "I don't think we will," Bree whispers back. I try not to contemplate her being right. When the plane touches down in Seattle, Bree and I sprint for the roughest areas. Being trapped on two different planes for almost seven hours with nothing but the smell of tasty humans had been a strain. "Better let them be safe than sorry," Charlotte shrugs. "Better'n 'em killing Innocents." Innocents are what we call the people we have determined do not deserve to die; people that are not murderers or rapists or child abusers, but just regular humans. Peter and Charlotte accompany us just in case, but we're fine. Our newborn strength grows weaker every day. With the taste of fresh blood, my head clears. I drop the scumbag that had been trying to proposition a twelve year old online only moments ago. His body hits the shallow grave I dug in the overgrown area of a park with a dull thud. "Now what?" "We didn't want to alarm you girls," Peter starts, sharing a meaningful look with Charlotte. Bree stops shoveling dirt on top of her own prey. "What?" "Well we know how sensitive the two of you still are," Charlotte began in that same damning hesitant tone. "Go on," I growl. "You know the missing member of our coven? Our Jasper?" They had told us about the Major that had saved them all those years ago. He's been cavorting with another coven, a strange one, captivated by their different lifestyle. "Yeah, so? Doesn't he come around every few decades or so?" Peter nods. His silvery hair shines in the dim light from a street lamp. "Yeah, but this time we're coming to him." "Peter knows something big is coming," Charlotte rushes. "We think it might have something to do with the two of you." "Why would you think that?" Bree demands. She looks at me, hands on her hips, as if to say told you so. "I don't know why, I just know ," Peter huffs, obviously frustrated. "We also think Maria might want us back," Charlotte says softly. Bree and I fall silent. The defensive poses we adopted without realizing droop instantly. "Oh no," Bree whimpers. My eyes linger on the scars littering their bodies. They had never frightened me, but sometimes they bother Bree. I can't remember how many times she's told me that she will never again allow someone to lay a violent hand on her. It disturbs her the most, what Peter and Charlotte lived through long before we were ever born as humans. "That's not gonna happen. That's why we're visiting Jasper," Peter assures us. We finish up and shuffle back up the street. Peter loops his arm through mine. I rest my head against his shoulder as we walk. Charlotte's arm snakes around Bree's waist. Between the two of them, she and I hold hands. We are a family, a very decently sized coven of four. They took us in when we had nowhere to go, and no knowledge of our new species. They trained us to defend ourselves, paid for the beginnings of our formal education, taught us how to feed and taught us how to determine right from wrong in a world of extremes. They became our older brother and sister, teasing us, laughing with us, guiding us. They showed us what mates are. They showed us what a vampiric relationship should be like, the standards we should set for ourselves. I squeeze Bree's hand. She squeezes mine. Warmth and affection rush through me. This is my family; two sisters and a brother where before I was beaten, forsaken, and alone . I will be damned if anyone takes it away.