someone walking behind me. The person let out a gruff "Oof" and stumbled back. I fell sideways, slamming my elbow into the row of lockers and seeing stars. Something scattered all over the floor. It was nothing of mine – my backpack was still closed and hanging loosely from my shoulder. I looked back to see that I'd knocked a pile of paperwork and a black satchel out of the person's hands. "Oh, God, I'm so sorry," I exclaimed, kneeling to help pick everything up. Large hands already were scooping up the papers, so I collected what was closest to me. When all the papers were together, one of the large hands wrapped around the handle of the satchel and picked it up as its owner stood, losing the baseball cap off his head in the process. And then all hell broke loose. " EDWARD CULLEN!" someone beside me shrieked. I jumped and nearly dropped the papers in my hands. The guy in front of me spat a sharp expletive and took a step back. I flung the papers in his direction and took off down the hall just as every female in the entire school descended on the poor guy, sharks drawn to fresh blood. Alice and Jasper were waiting for me at the door of the school. Alice waved frantically as Jasper casually stepped outside and opened his umbrella. I darted out behind Alice and drew in a deep breath of the cool, damp air. When we reached my truck, I let out a chuckle. "I never thought I'd say this, Alice," I said, amused, "but Edward Cullen just saved me from Mike Newton." She giggled. "Let's just hope he survives saving you. Jasper and I will meet you at my house." I nodded and climbed into my truck, still grinning. Maybe this day wasn't so bad after all. EPOV The girl tried to kill me. And then she ran off – in the opposite direction. I was walking down the surprisingly crowded halls of Forks High, heading for the front office with Carlisle's papers and his satchel and trying not to stare at the impressive amount of skin the Forks females were baring, when a soaking wet backpack suddenly slammed into my stomach. It punched the air out of me with a manly "Oof" and knocked Carlisle's bag and papers to the floor. I stumbled back with the blow. My hat slid back on my head as I heard the book bag's owner fall into the lockers with a painful-sounding bang. I didn't bother to look up or to fix my hat. I had to collect Carlisle's things before anyone looked too closely at the tumult – and me. Quickly, I knelt and started gathering his papers, crumpling a few of them in my rush. Suddenly delicate, pale white hands began helping me collect the pages. "Oh, God, I'm so sorry," a gentle, oddly soothing voice apologized. A girl – a girl with a great voice, but a girl – had almost knocked me off my feet. I took a moment to feel slightly embarrassed by that, another when I shot a brief glance at her and noticed how small she was. Standing, she would be almost a foot shorter than I, and she was slender in her jeans and T-shirt and jacket. But she packed a mean swing, I thought, feeling the dull ache in my abdomen where her backpack had hit me. As I reached for a paper near her, it registered with me that she was as soaked as her backpack. Her jeans were dark with rainwater and her jacket dripped a little on the floor. And she was covered . She wasn't flaunting herself like the rest of the girls in the hall. Her clothes were modest – and extremely damp – but nice. She looked… good. And she smelled amazing, I realized as she moved again. Freesia and strawberries, all enhanced by the rain. I dared a fast glance up at her face, but she had turned away from me to scoop up the papers to her right. Her thick, dark hair fell over her shoulder and concealed her face. Before she could turn back and meet my gaze – and recognize me – I grabbed the last paper and reached for the satchel. When I stood, she stood with me. And my hat fell off. I didn't even get to see her face before someone shrieked my name in a maddening pitch. The girl flung the papers into my chest and bolted. Away from me. She knew who I was and she ran away. Amazing. I stared after her, watching her long brown hair stream behind her as she raced down the hall. Her lethal backpack bounced crazily. I was right; she was about a foot shorter than I was. And she was little. Nowhere near as tiny as the girl with the spiky black hair waiting for her at the door, but still small. Cute. I lost sight of her as the girls in the hall converged on me. But I did notice a blond guy shoving his way through the crowd and staring after the girl who had disappeared outside. And I wasn't sure why, but I didn't like the expression on his face. I jammed my hat back on and ducked my head to push my way through the crowd with Carlisle's work clutched to my chest. I hated him passionately at that moment, but I knew that it wasn't his fault. Even so, when I made it to the office and slammed the door behind me, I glared at him. "I hate you." He simply motioned for me to put his bag on the counter. "Thank you." I shook my head and did as he asked, then sat in a chair against the wall to wait for his instructions. And wondered why, exactly, I couldn't get the smell of freesia and rain-kissed strawberries out of my head.