we should make a toast." Emmett bellowed to make sure we could hear him over the music. He then proceeded to pour all the shot glasses and distribute them. "What are we going to toast besides you and Rose?" Edward asked. A small smirk forming at the corner of his lips. God, his lips. "Alice and Jasper on their engagement," he said, while raising his glass in the air. "And to our little Bella, getting engaged to Jake." Apparently Edward had already started to drink before he heard the last part. Just then Edward spit out all of his tequila, going everywhere across the table. He looked dumbfounded. He didn't see that one coming. His eyes darted from Emmett who just made the comment and then directing them solely on me. "Wha…What?" he asked. His green eyes that were usually light and inviting, had turned dark and cold. He was pissed. I guess he was never informed that I got engaged at Christmas, three weeks ago(along with Alice and Jasper). He turned bright red, like he was furious and looked straight at me looking for an answer. "Well you know a lot can happen in eight years," I said, as I hammered down another shot. I excused myself from the table and didn't even look back. A deafening silence was heard from the table that I had just abandoned. Good, maybe I accomplished what I wanted to do, but I think I should put a stake through the heart per se. I proceeded to head over to the DJ booth, so I could go onstage. I needed to release some pent up frustration. Damn, the pixie caught me on my way. She wanted to stop me. "Whatcha doing?" she asked in her little voice trying to be extra sweet. "I'm gonna sing," I stated, as I looked over at her, gave her a evil smile and winked. Placing her hands on her waist, she said, "Isabella Swan, I know you are up to something." "Nope." I said as I popped the "p". After I gave her a hug and walked up onstage. Wow, the crowd was really rowdy tonight. I was getting a little nervous. Not because I was a bad singer, I actually was pretty good. No, I was scared because I could feel a certain pair of emerald eyes watching me. Okay Bella, breathe in, breathe out,. This is going to be perfect. The music was starting and I walked the stage so I could work the crowd. I wake up every evening, with a big smile on my face And it never feels out of place And your still probably working at a 9 to 5 pace I wonder how bad that tastes When you see my face (I looked right at him and then back out at the crowd, while I pulled out all my hair out from the pony tail and swung my hair so it fell out around my shoulders.) Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell Now where's your picket fence love And where's that shiny car Did it ever get you far You've never seem so tense love I've never seen you fall so hard Do you even know where you are And truth be told I miss you ( I pointed right at him- HA!) And truth be told I'm lying When you see my face Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell If you find a "girl" that's worth a damn and treats you well Then "she's" a fool, you're just as well, hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell Tomorrow you'll be thinking to yourself Yeah, where'd it all go wrong, the list goes on and on And truth be told I miss you And truth be told I'm lying When you see my face Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell If you find a "girl" that's worth a damn and treats you well Then "she's" a fool, you're just as well, hope it gives you hell Now you'll never see, what you've done to me You can take back all your memories they're no good to me (I stared right at him) And here's all your lies You can look me in the eyes (I pulled my fingers to my face) With that sad, sad look that you wear so well When you see my face ( I signaled to get the crowd to sing with me, they didn't disappoint) Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell If you find a "girl" that's worth a damn and treats you well Then "she's" a fool, you're just as well, hope it gives you hell When you see my face Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you walk my way Hope it gives you hell Hope it gives you hell When you hear this song and sing along, oh you'll never tell That you're the fool, I'm just as well Hope it gives you hell When you hear this song I hope it will give you hell You can sing along I hope that it will treat you well………… With that I took a bow and blew kisses to Edward. Get the point now? I came down from the stage and walked over to the table, grabbed my purse, gave Rose and Alice a hug. I told Jasper and Emmett a brief goodbye and walked right out the door to get a cab. I never looked back. Cliffie Queen out!! Song by the All American Rejects!!!- Give you Hell!!