the way, and when I drove back into her, she screamed my name, contracting around me. Holy. Shit. "Bella, fuck...so, tight," I breathed out, hardly able to speak. I pressed my hand harder against her leg, angling her deeper and driving into her even quicker than I had been before. Her breasts bounced with each thrust and I watched their movements with rapt fascination. Bella was breathing hard, tilting her head back, reaching through fistfuls of her own hair. My arm was shaking, struggling to hold my bodyweight up; it also felt too amazing to stop. "I...thought...you were — going to, ugh —" Bella moaned, attempting to get out a sentence as I dug my knee further into the bed and pounded harder into her. She gasped, and finally finished, "Fuck me...harder." Excuse me, dear sweet bikini goddess? Fuck you harder? I slowed my hips against hers, going steady for a moment, before I stopped completely. She cupped her hand around my jaw, and tugged me toward her, until the tip of my nose touched hers. "Fuck me harder," she told me in an exhale. Yes, ma ' am. Before Bella could even take a breath, I moved. I sat up on my knees, spread them wide, and pulled Bella with me, holding her around the hips. She gasped when I reacted so quickly; her back and head rested on the bed while her ass rested on my thighs. I held her calves in my hands, watching her. "You want it harder?" I asked quietly. She bit that lip of hers, nodding timidly. "Say it," I demanded, brushing my cock along the apex of her thighs. "Edward," she begged, "please, harder." I took a shallow breath and gripped her tight by the legs, holding her hard while I thrust back into her; harder and quicker than before. Skin clapped against skin, reverberating around the room, accompanying Bella's screams and my laboured breathing. I did as Bella asked, feeling the sweat beading on my neck and brows, feeling the raw pleasure from the new angle; I sunk further into her than I had before, hitting a spot that made her cry out loud. "You...like it — hard," I pointed out, although it was incredibly hard to speak, or form a thought that wasn't about her bouncing breasts, or how good she felt. "Nobody's ever...fucked you this — hard, have they, Bella?" I lifted my hips with my question, pumping myself further into her. She screamed out again, moaning, bucking beneath me. Her hands and fingers tangled into the sheets and she was breathing hard, shaking her head. "No," she whimpered, shaking her head again. Satisfaction swept through me, and I put one hand on her stomach, picking up my pace a tiny bit more because I could feel my orgasm coming. It was close. "About time someone did," I panted, hunching my brows in exertion. I thrust quickly, in and out, just like I had imagined, hard and tight and perfect. Bella writhed beneath me, a breathy, screaming, beautiful turquoise goddess, unravelling because of me. We came apart together, an erotic, euphoric mess. Sweaty limbs and breathy moans filled the space between us afterward, and Bella put a hand to her leg, trying to steady the quiver in her thigh. "I hope you don't plan on walking tomorrow," I told her, watching again as she attempted to cease the shake in her leg. "I don't think I could even if I wanted to," she agreed, breathing out harshly when I slipped myself from her. I carefully lifted her thigh and kissed the tender skin on the inside, hoping to quell the shivers rolling through her. I grazed them over the top of her thigh after, glancing up at her. "If you think you're trying to help," she shook her head, "you're really not." I smirked. "Who said I want you to leave this bed tomorrow?" I retorted, staggering kisses and tiny pecks across her hips and stomach. I kissed her tattoo again. "If just my touch renders you weak, then my task of keeping you here all day tomorrow will be much too easy." I kissed her belly button, then quickly ascended her body to reach her mouth. I took a second, combing stray hair from her face. "Don't you have to work?" she asked quietly. I sensed something that was almost...disappointment. It made me happy. I wanted nothing more than to spend the day with her; lavishing her, watching her naked. "Tomorrow night," I confessed, gently kissing her. This time the kiss was more tender. Softer. "Will you come back?" Bella lay with me on the bed, spooning, and I draped my arm over her waist. "If you want me to," she replied, linking her fingers with mine and laying them against her naked stomach. She breathed out softly, and I swept the hair off her shoulder, revealing her neck. I kissed her languidly, up to her ear, then back down to her shoulder; over and over again. "Will you let your friend do another body shot off you?" I asked her, half joking and half serious. On one hand it had been close to one of the sexiest things I'd ever seen, and on the other hand I didn't want other people looking at Bella like that. "Will you take me captive again?" she countered. "Always." Bella nodded. "I'll be back tomorrow, then," she agreed. I gently bit down on her earlobe, listening to the quiet gasp she afforded me. I could feel the heat building inside me again, deep in my stomach. I kissed her neck hungrily, somehow still wanting more after all we'd done, and Bella searched for my hair with her hands, reaching up over her head. I was hard, again. Well, bikini goddess, here comes your first promise. A/N: I always enjoy your comments! Thanks for reading! If you would like to read Bella's POV, check out my profile and read Captive of a Bartender.