lifted his glass toward me, raising his brows as if to say well done. I pursed my lips to stop from smiling, and lightly gripped the back of an empty bar stool. I was about to take a seat, when I saw Carlisle. He walked briskly, balancing three plates of food between his hands as he approached a table. He was tall…a lot taller than I would have assumed, and Edward was right… He was gorgeous. So very tall and lean, wearing a dark pair of slacks and a light blue button-down rolled up to his elbows. His bare forearms looked incredibly muscular, and his shirt stretched perfectly across his biceps…his chest…his shoulders. The shirt was open at the top, only a button or two, but it showed just enough, accentuating the length of his neck. He was animated as he talked with the people at the table, using his hands and smiling without care. He had an absolutely incredible smile, so handsome it made my heart ache. "He'll be right over." The hostess interrupted my thoughts, and I blinked, realizing I had been staring - well, gawking, really. "Oh, yes, thank you," I told her. She walked away, and as she left, I glanced back over to Carlisle, finding his gaze this time. I blushed immediately, offering him a small smile and wave through the crowded restaurant. His smile back was delicious, and all I could think about was kissing those lips, feeling his closeness, finally burying my fingers in his hair. Carlisle made his way over quickly, bypassing tables and servers, and stood intimately close when he finally approached. "Hi," he said simply, a smile still pulling at his lips. His voice was smooth, sexy, and his lips looked so soft. "You're here." I straightened up a tiny bit, tilting my head. "This guy invited me," I said playfully, "told me he'd buy me a drink. Maybe even buy me dinner, if I was lucky." "He sounds like one hell of a guy," Carlisle replied easily, "although you are a gorgeous woman, so I don't blame the guy for wanting to take you out." We laughed quietly, and Carlisle leaned in, bending slightly to kiss me on the cheek, a hand on my hip. "It's good to finally meet you," he told me, his lips brushing my ear, "I've been thinking about you all day." I lightly gripped his hip in return, feeling the muscle beneath his shirt. "It's great to meet you, too," I agreed, "and honestly…" I pulled away the slightest bit, gazing into his bright, blue eyes, "I haven't been able to stop thinking about you either." His smile was sexy and crooked, and his eyes darkened slightly. "I was hoping you'd say that." Unfortunately, he stepped away from me the next second - taking away his warmth and the enticing smell of soap and spice - to pull out my stool for me. "Join me for a drink?" We sat down, ordering a few drinks from the busy bartender who smiled and shook my hand when Carlisle introduced me. She was a bubbly and energetic person, moving so quickly behind the bar I thought her head would pop off if she stopped. She set two wine glasses in front of us, leaving the bottle for Carlisle to pour. "Well, cheers," he said, tipping his glass toward mine, "to things to come." I took a sip of my wine, nodding. "Things to come." He angled toward me, striking up a conversation with ease. We talked for over an hour about anything and everything, sharing the bottle of wine, laughing; leaning close to each other when one of us made a crude innuendo or comment. I always felt myself blush, but flirted back just as much, finding it hard not to. He was even more amazing in person than he was online. I was so happy I had decided to go through with it and get to know him first. I excused myself after a while to use the washroom, taking a quick glance behind me. Edward and Emmett were gone. I wasn't sure when they'd left, but I was thankful they were no longer here. The night had been going incredibly well and I didn't need any embarrassment. I checked my phone after using the facilities, swiping away a few notifications before pulling up a text message from Edward. We left a little while ago, babe, didn't want to bother you two at all. Have fun tonight, you seemed like you were having a great time with him. I smiled widely at my phone, rereading the last line: He seems like a great guy, Bella. I think you found the right one. I put my phone in my purse, taking a deep breath before leaving the washroom. Carlisle was standing when I returned, polite as all hell and pulling out my chair for me before he sat down again. He was closer than he had been before, his knee against mine, arm casually draped along the back of my seat. His closeness sent a wave of warmth through me, from the base of my spine to the tip of my toes. I took a small sip of wine as Carlisle continued our conversation, feeling the euphoria settle inside me. I think Edward was right. I think I found him. A/N: Thank you so much for reading! Don't forget to check out all of the other stories in this last round of FAGE. Link can be found up at the top! Happy reading :) A small side note as well: I have never used a dating app. My best friend is on a few, and has told me some incredibly hilarious stories. I related a tiny bit of that to this story in one aspect because she happened across an ex-boyfriend of mine while she scrolled one day. And of course...he went with the douche, headless body shot. I couldn't stop laughing. These people exist! O_O