things to feel guilty about. Missing Harry Clearwater's funeral was one of them. "Leah, about your dad…" She shook her head, lifting her hand, palm forward, in my direction as if to stop me from speaking further. "I know," she breathed, looking forward. "I'm really sorry," I offered in a soft tone. I couldn't let her stop me. I had to offer my condolences. She just nodded her head and said nothing, continuing to take steps along with me on the sand. "And I'm really sorry about not being here—" "Rachel, you live close to nine hours away. I didn't expect you to make it." It was said with a shaky voice. I winced anyway. It was nice of her to say, but I considered if she was just being polite. I couldn't blame her if she was upset that I wasn't here. "But, thank you for the flowers." Her voice came out steady this time, more even. "They were the nicest ones that came." She smiled, but her eyes a million miles away. The sorrow was clear on her face. And I knew exactly how it felt. I stopped to stand in her sight, because she was clearly avoiding eye contact. I wanted her to see my face. I was sure the grief in my eyes mirrored hers. "Well, I'm here now. So whether you want to hang out and talk about it, or do the total opposite like me…" "Thank you," she said with a sigh. "I'd like that." I hoped that she came to the realization that I understood exactly how she felt, and that misery loved company, even if it was just to escape it. However, I wasn't sure why I had brought up such a subject, because the thought of my mother laid heavy in my heart. Thank goodness there was someone to break the conversation. "Rachel? Rachel Black?" I heard a young male voice ask. I looked up to the sound of my name, seeing a young boy in a man's body walking toward me. But it wasn't till he was a few yards away that I recognized the familiar eyes and goofy smile of my younger second cousin. "Wait… Quil ? Quil Ateara ? " "Hey!" He sped up to a jog and hugged me. I hadn't seen my cousin in years. And I smiled, hugging him back. I did a once over on him as I took a step back. "Look at you! I can't believe how much you've grown!" He beamed in delight. He was proud. "Yeah, finally." "Finally? Quil, you're a giant." He snickered bashfully. "Thanks." Turning away from me, he called over his shoulder. "Hey, Embry, look who's here!" It wasn't until Embry Call came running over to me when I realized that there were only two guys tossing a football. They had been two of the four guys playing on the beach. "Rachel!" Embry said, giving me a hug. "So glad you're back!" "Thanks, Embry." I wasn't sure what was going on with these boys but they were suddenly a full head taller than I am. "Yeah," Quil interceded. "Billy must be relieved to have you home." Embry nudged Quil with his elbow and eyed him thoughtfully, in an effort to be discreet. I wondered what that was about before I realized they were probably trying to keep my mind off of my father… or my brother. "He is," I agreed, nodding my head, though the statement only led me to think about Jacob anyway. It was hard not to, not when I was standing in front of Quil and Embry. These were his two best friends, and if there was anyone that he confided in, Quil and Embry would be the ones. "Hey, so… do you guys hear from my brother at all?" I would figure they'd know more than my father would. They shook their head, unable to look me in the eye. "We're sorry," Embry muttered. "I mean, he'll be back when he's ready, you know? He just needs some space." "Yeah, Rachel, give it some time. He'll be back before you know it." "So how's Rebecca?" Quil asked suddenly. "Is she coming to town, too?" "No, she's—" I stuttered, my mind racing a million miles at the thought of my brother. "She's not coming anytime soon. Financial issues." "Oh," Quil said, though the exchange was far too awkward. They quickly changed the topic, though I'd tuned out. They were throwing jibes at Leah about skipping out on their football fun, and she had her snappy come backs, but nothing claimed my attention. Frustration found me again. Why wasn't anyone more concerned about my brother? I sighed in deference, turning away from them in frustration, towards the parking lot as they teased Leah about something I wasn't interested in. That's when it happened. The guy—the hottie, the one I'd been checking out hard core since I'd arrived at the beach—turned to face me. Our eyes latched, clinging to one another, and my breath caught, my body freezing in its pose. Though yards away, I felt that he was right there, in front of me. Even at the distance from him, I could see his eyes clearly, the irises a bottomless mug of Starbuck's espresso. His gaze was like a soothing, warm caress over my body, though his chocolate eyes never left my own. My heart increased its pace, my blood running warm in rapids, coursing through my veins. Time literally stopped. In that instant—somehow, in my mind—I knew that things would never be the same. I would never be the same. End notes: Thanks for reading! Be sure to follow me on twitter achelle131 for updates, or find me in the twilighted forum under "achelledenalicullen". For teasers and/or discussion on Hungry Like the Wolf visit HLW's thread on Twilighted Forums under the Breaking Dawn section. For teasers on my Emmett/Rosalie fics Vanity and Patience/Strength and Remorse you may find the V&P thread under Pretwilight .