taken his first step, and could not undo his work. He was frozen, locked in his position of defence for a girl he did not know. He ached with hurt and betrayal and guilt and it was all so overwhelming that his power crashed, cracking like paint on a porcelain doll, freeing his master from its grip. He knew then that he should never have requested freedom, that he was not built for his own power. He could not control it like Aro had always done, keeping it nicely in check instead of his emotions running it. He did not fight it when he felt Aro's hand around his throat, did not close his eyes as he had always done to everything he did not like, when Aro looked at him with hatred and betrayal. All Alec could think about was the hurt, the hurt in Aro's eyes that told him that he had been cared for in all of those years, that he had never just been a weapon. The hurt within himself for ever doubting the ways of his creator, the laws of his people which he had followed for so long. "Mi dispiace padre," he whispered as his hand grabbed Aro's wrist. Red met red as he looked his creator in the eyes, the pain of knowing what he had just done clear in the depths of the red sea. He felt Sophia extend her mind to his and knew that Aro heard no echo of her soothing words. Time had always felt like the most constant thing to Alec. For every minute sixty seconds passed, for each sixty minutes an hour passed, for each 24 hours a day passed. It never changed, any of it, but as he and Aro looked at each other, he saw what people meant when they told him it was relative. Every second seemed to stretch out years, and each of those years seemed like they did to a human, 365 days, 8760 hours, 525600 minutes, 31536000 seconds closer to death rather than just another measurement gone by, meaning nothing when you lived for eternity. At last, after what felt like earth's beginning and end had both passed, Aro lowered him to the ground and moved his hand to Alec's cheek with such gentleness, such compassion, that Alec closed his eyes again. It hurt to feel, and he wondered why he had ever been interested in doing so in the first place. Chelsea was ordered to place the fog back on Alec's mind, to keep him in the coven, make him not step out of line, but Sophia held on. She clouded his mind with colour and wonder and intensity and Alec was blinded for a minute before Chelsea gave up. Never had she given up before. With Carlisle she had tried for years, moving slowly around his brain to keep him with them. It was from her Alec had learned the patience he had with his ability, but now not even patience would help her. "Non avrei mai ti tradirá padre,[I will never betray you father]" Alec could not speak louder than a whisper, the words which had been a truth for as long as he could remember was now hard to even think about. He had used his powers against Aro, for Sophia, the one with the bright mind. How could he say he would never betray Aro if anything happened to her on Aro's command? So even as he spoke, he walked over to the girl, humiliated at his own failure in pledging loyalty. Sophia's pictures became more vivid by the step, colours and shapes and feelings and memories mixing into that sixth sense Alec had felt when the fog was lifted. It played in his mind like music, tingling all his senses and making him feel alive. "Never have I asked for anything for my service. I have felt what I did repaid for the life you gave me, but give me this, Aro. Let her join us and you will never have to doubt that I will stay." He could not hear whether he spoke in Italian or English, the languages mixing in his mind like the colours of Sophia's awareness. It took another 100 years before Alec's vision became true. Aro forgave him and he lived with the Volturi as if nothing had changed. Only, he had finally opened his eyes after being asleep for so long. Sophia stayed with him, as his mate, brightening his mind and his day for a century before she had enough. She could not take the dullness of the guard. It dulled her mind, dulled the colours and the intensity. How it hurt Alec, even when he learned how to protect his heart, the colours who seemed to all be the same told him only of pain. Like an animal trapped, and he could not let Sophia live like that. It was a normal day in Volterra, a normal night when his fog spread, quickly and deadly, locking everyone in position. He lifted it only from those minds where Sophia could see colour. Chelsea, Afton, Jane. His sweet sweet sister who had woken up that day in the castle. Who had realised that the villagers were no longer the threat to her family, to her and her brother, the Volturi was, as the only ones who would ever reach them. They left that day together. Chelsea and Afton walked hand in hand as a silk soft cover fell over the five of them as Afton hid them from Demitri's tracking power. Alec mourned his loss, his sacrifice, but he knew that he had to follow his heart now where he had it back, and he found that power over others meant so little when he could take power over himself, his life, his destiny. Life was good after that. Eternity felt too short, but he did not mind feeling time like mortals did, as if it had an end.