hundred I had stolen from that asshole, but just that. While I sat at the diner around the corner from the club, thinking about what to do, someone came to me asking if the seat in front of me was taken. I shook my head so the man sat down. The place was packed, but I bet he'd have stayed there anyway. That's how I met James." "James?" I echo her. "Yup. You met him—the barman slash owner of Light your Fire." I frown at her, not following. Not really. "The club? Where I work? Er ... worked. That's the name. He gave us names so we could have our private lives as well … not like mine is very exciting or anything." "Oh, I see." She grins at me, pressing her lips around my tormented nipple, sucking and licking. I guess she's ready for round two. I can't say I am, though. . . . BPOV His house is pretty. Like really fucking pretty. He has expensive shit all over the place. I'm afraid to touch anything. "So this is one of the guestrooms, but I doubt you want it." "Whatever you say, Sugar Daddy," I giggle, clinging to his arm. "Show me to your bedroom." "That is the plan." He opens a door and waves inside. "This is where the magic happens. By that I mean where Candy and I sleep." "Candy?" I ask, suddenly worried. He has told me he's not married, but maybe he has others like me … no . I mean, that doesn't make sense. I've been his first in … too long as he put it. "My dog. She's at my friend's, which reminds me. Do you want to meet her?" "Will you be upset if I decline? I want a bath and to sleep. The drive here was brutal." "You slept and drooled on my window, but it's okay if you don't want to meet her yet." With a kiss on my lips, he leaves, whistling, hands in his pockets. I pinch myself to make sure this is real. I've never thought of something this awesome happening to me. It did take a rash decision to move in with Edward, but I'm not regretting it. I'm determined to finish high school and do something in life. Maybe something with dancing. I do love to dance—pole or not. A week in my new home and I already feel like I've lived here all my life. Being around my Sugar Daddy is easy. He's sweet and smart and the sex is unbelievable. I had no idea it could feel this good. Not even in my dreams. I befriended Candy as soon as she was brought home from his friend's place. It's my first time out on my own. He has to work until late and told me I can go look around, just not too far so I don't get lost. I never listen, but thankfully he gave me a phone. I guess I'll call him later when I want to go back. Until then, I walk around window shopping. There are so many pretty things. He did give me a card, but spending money on stuff I don't need was never my thing. I'm just a simple girl. A note on a wooden door grabs my attention. HIRING BARTENDER I stare at it, pondering my options. I said I can start studying for my GED, but I won't be able to take them until next year at some point. Oh, well. This place looks like a bar—familiar scene for me. I did promise not to do this, but it's not a night club. This is different. So I step inside. "We're closed!" the blond man behind the counter calls to me, wiping the bar. "I read that you're hiring," I tell him, walking to the bar. "Is it still available?" He gives me an once-over, his lips twist up. "Are you even legal, pretty lady?" "Legal enough to know more about sex than you." His eyebrows shoot up. "Still too young. I need some ID." "I'm eighteen," I mutter, tiredly. "Not happening." He points to the door. Scowling at him, I start walking to the door but then I see a list of what he wants for his barman—the position he's hiring. Someone to know drinks as others know math. Oh, I know drinks all right. Thank you, James. "Hey, do you mind handing me a paper and a pen?" I ask the blond guy. He places the items in front of me. "But you're gone the second you finish writing your bucket list." "Yup." I nod. Bucket list . I want to laugh. I write a little poem about beverages and the best cocktails out there, how combined they make something extraordinary. Once I'm done, I leave the paper and pen and head out the door. He's busy on the other side of the counter. I left him my phone number and name at the end of the page. As the sun lowers in the sky, I call Edward to pick me up, explaining as best as I can where I am. He's not angry that I took him from work. He actually thanks me repeatedly when we get home. The next day, I get a call from the blond man. He wants me to start as soon as I can, so I tell him I'll be there in half an hour. All hell breaks loose around seven that evening. I had gotten a text from Edward telling me he was going out and not to wait up. Little did he know I wasn't home. Until he steps in the bar and shakes hands with my new boss—Jasper. Turns out they are best friends. How the fuck was I supposed to know? TO BE CONTINUED . . . No promises of when exactly I will add the last part part, but there will be one. :) I hope you all enjoyed this.