pushed away these thoughts. "Hello?" Riley looked at him confused. Fuck. Why did you acknowledge him? I wanted to shout at my friend, but he had no idea. Which meant I had to explain to him about my personal stalker. "Come on, let's head inside. I'm sick of waiting for the drama queen." I didn't wait for either of them to move, already walking inside the club, away from Edward and his green eyes, which looked bigger and more honest in his glasses. I shouldn't have been surprised to see Peter dancing, several admirers around him. Pushing past them, I wrapped my arms around his neck, smirking when he jumped and opened his eyes. He always went into a trance when he danced. A sheepish smile appeared on his face. "Asshole." I pecked his lips. "I saw you smoking with Rile, and thought you'd come in when you were done." "You were supposed to meet with us outside. Whatever." I moved closer as the song changed. "He's here." "Who?" "Pretty Boy." "Well, ignore him. Choose a guy and forget about him." Meet Peter—the voice of reason. "Don't you think I've tried? For the past week? I can't forget that ass." "You're so screwed," he whispered. Before I could comment, I was being pulled out of Peter's arms and a warm, soft mouth covered mine. Not that I objected to kissing, but I preferred to at least know who I was kissing. The smell of soap was all the hint I needed. Surprising myself, instead of pushing him as far away as humanly possible, I pulled Edward closer, kissing him deeper. Fuck. I'd missed his mouth, his taste, his hands in my hair. "Damn, I must have been too drunk to remember what a good kisser you are." It was a lie, of course. "Do you remember my ass, too? It misses you." Well, he was cheeky and witty. A new side of him. A little cock up the ass could change someone's behavior one-eighty. Not that my cock was little or anything. We danced. He wasn't graceful at all, but it made him cute, especially in these glasses. We made small talk about his necessity to wear said glasses, and I surprised myself yet again complimenting him. As the night wore on, we hit the bar, and when Riley took Edward on the dance floor, I tried not to walk over and pick up my Pretty Boy, haul him over my shoulder, and take him to a safe place—my house. We did end up back at my place. Eventually. The whole weekend was a huge fuck-fest. I couldn't get enough of him. And when he started talking to me about his life, his only friend, and silly random shit, I knew I was in deep trouble. I did my best to say as little as possible about me. Everything came to a crashing end on Monday morning. I made the mistake of asking if he wanted me to drive him home. He started babbling, but I caught the gist of it. His current clothes weren't school -approved. My stomach dropped and I felt sick. Fear gripped me. "How old are you?" "Is my age a problem?" His voice wavered. "If you're a minor…" I gripped the edge of the sink for support. "Tell me you're legal." Please, for the love of God. Be eighteen, at least. "Edward, tell me. I'll try to be understanding." "Nineteen." He looked quite smug of the huge fat lie he threw at me. I raised a brow, trying not to smile. There was nothing funny about the situation, though Edward trying to lie was too cute. "Eighteen?" He tried again. I wasn't sure what he was seeing on my face, but if he went any lower, I might hit my head against the wall at how stupid I was. Should I start carding my tricks? For fuck's sake! "Okay! Fine. I'm seventeen. Big fucking deal." Big fucking deal indeed. I took a calming breath. "I had two fucking simple rules—never fuck the same guy twice, and never do an underage twink. You're both." I should have smelled twink all over him. Looking back, everything pointed to how young he was: his mommy comment, his virginity, his clinging, his stalking, thinking he stood another chance...which he did. And lost it all with his age confirmation. "Riley said I'm the exception," he protested softly. I tried not to explode at Riley and his big fucking mouth. We bickered for a few minutes until I told him to grab a shirt from my closet, only to be done with the whole fiasco. The second I dropped him off wherever the fuck he wanted, he was going to be out of my life. At school, I parked at the edge of the lot, waiting for him to get out. He didn't. "Don't start weeping like a little queen," I hissed when I thought I heard a sniff. My brutal comment made him fly out of the car. It made me feel horrible though. He was seventeen. It wasn't his fucking fault. I quickly got out too, meeting him at the hood of my car. In my arms, he sagged and started sobbing. My expensive suit was going to be ruined. "Shh. Don't cry. Here, have my card. I don't want to see you anywhere near Rainbow. You're too young for that shit." Why I gave him my card or attempted to be his friend was beyond me. I even had the misfortune to meet his friend, Bella. She confused me with Prince Charming. As I drove to work, my head was full of Edward and the ramification of my actions. If anyone, especially his parents, found out—I was screwed, as Peter not so nicely pointed out. Then there was this insane pull to be around him, to own that ass and keep him safe. Pretty Boy was growing on me, and the mere idea of it scared me shitless.