him. "You need to learn to ignore them, Jasper. It doesn't do you any good to get angry at all the mindless people who throw insults your way." He extracted the empty mug from my hands and put it next to his on the floor. "When I applied for History professor at your college, the Dean asked if my preference for men was going to be a problem." "How did he even know?" "The reason I left teaching high school classes was also the end of a ten year relationship with a man, who happened to be the Math teacher at the school. I decided college was a safer choice, more open-minded people. I was wrong." "Yeah, I get you. I thought it would end with high school…you know all this stuff, but it got worse. The only difference is I haven't been shoved head down in a toilet. Yet." "You know why this happened?" He stroked my hair, and I did my best not to lean into his touch. "Because I'm a fag and they hate me?" "Because you were brave enough to come out in high school. I never flaunted it, but I tried not to make a point in showing people who I am." I snorted, staring into his eyes. "Do you think I stood up one day and shouted to the world that I was gay? No. They realized it in the locker room. I couldn't take my eyes off their dicks." "Huh. I don't even know which way is better. I wasn't been open about who I am until I met Diego, my last and only boyfriend." He sighed, looking so sad. "Can I ask…if it's okay…you don't have to answer…" I stammered. "We grew distant. That's all. Not all relationships work," he said, staring into the fire. "It was probably the only time our friends and colleagues at school realized we weren't much different than them. We broke up, too." "I'm sorry." "Don't be. We stayed friends. It wasn't worth ruining a ten year long friendship because our romantic relationship no longer worked." "That's impressive. I hear people can't stay friends if they were… lovers ," I whispered the word, my face warming. Peter chuckled. "Yeah, we're the exception. Maybe because we were friends first? Now, my turn to ask embarrassing questions." I'd rather throw myself in the snowstorm outside than have this conversation with him. I only shrugged in response, snuggling closer against his side. "Are you seeing anyone? I want you to know you can talk to me. I've been there, done that. I want to help you, Jasper." "No." "No?" "No, I'm not seeing anyone." "Oh. Do you know the library guy, Caius? He's a really cool kid." Is he seriously trying to hook me up with the library guy? "I'd rather have a mature relationship. Caius is…too air-headed," I said, not taking my eyes off a loose thread on the blanket. "Is that so?" The arm around me slipped lower until his fingers curled around my hips. Sensory overload. Stop it, Professor Carter. I'm ready to jump your bones . "Yeah," I choked out. "Do you mind if I ask about others you've been with?" I turned red, pressing my cheek to his chest—firm, strong chest, mind you."Nooneelse." "Sorry, didn't catch that." He tilted my head. "I've never…been with anyone. I mean, I kissed this guy in a club I went with my fake ID, and had a blow job…but nothing else," I blurted out, hoping he caught all my jumbled words. "I can't believe a guy as pretty as you hasn't had guys throwing themselves at you." "They usually throw me out of their way." He wasn't deterred from his speech. "You say you like them mature?" "Yes," I whispered, staring at his mouth. "You need to drop out of History class." "I hate History anyway," I joked. Peter leaned closer. I could feel his breath on my lips, his musky scent surrounding me as he cupped my cheek. Then I closed my eyes, and next thing I knew we were kissing. I sighed, relaxing against him, succumbing to his soft lips caressing mine. I tried not to think too much of how inappropriate this was, but I wanted him and he wanted me. His hand from my hip slipped lower, gripping my hard dick. I moaned, breaking our contact. He moved to kiss my neck, while I straddled his hips. "You sure?" I whispered, searching his deep, melted chocolate eyes. "I never wanted anyone more." He peppered kisses on my neck. "For the past few months, I've told myself I was a pervert for craving to see you every day. I was counting down the minutes until our meetings in the library." "Me too!" I laughed. "Here I thought I was the only one with crazy feelings." He chuckled, kissing me softly. "Show me," I begged, caressing his hair. "I've wanted this for so long…" "Never?" He smirked. "Never," I confirmed, knowing he was asking about my non-existent sex life. "Let me show you what you've been missing." Peter led me to his bedroom, where he peeled our clothes off slowly. I got so hot all over, I stopped worrying about freezing. If someone told me at the beginning of my Freshman year in college that in only a few months my life would be turned upside down, I wouldn't have believed them. First, college turned out to be not what I expected, in a bad way, regarding the level of maturity I expected from people. Second, a month ago, Sheriff Black called me with the worst news anyone could get about their parents. And third, I not only befriended a great teacher, but somehow ended up with him in bed. He liked me back. All the months I'd spend drooling over him, proved me that stormy night, the feeling was mutual. Peter had liked me too, all along. I hope everyone enjoyed this, especially you, Lotty! :)