felt what I felt… for who I felt… I growled again, this time with intent as my mind became hazy with rage as the thought drifted through my mind. Only to be met by three equally heated growls. But one growl stood above the rest as her closed fist flew towards my face. My blond goddess's fist collided with me, sending me rolling along the floor away from the three vampires. I rose to my feet, the pain in my face overshadowed greatly by the pain in my heart, my mate had just hit me, with full force, with intent to hurt, and it did. Tears streamed from my eyes freely as I looked towards the three vampires, my vision focused on the one that hit me. The one that was my entire world, she was bent over talking to Jasper who was clutching his head, she was comforting him, while I stood over here in immense pain. A scream emanated from Jasper, a blood-curdling scream, before he dropped completely to the floor, as he did, I quickly phased into my wolf form, taking off into the woods with as much speed as I could muster. I tore through the forest, needing to get away, the pain was too great, too real, but I could hear foot falls behind me. Someone was chasing me, only one vampire, I quickly halted and whipped around as my blond goddess ran into view. I stared at her with extreme hurt, wondering if she'd be able to notice that with me in my wolf form. I was standing in front of her, now that it was just the two of us my growling had become whimpers. She walked slowly up to me, her hands raised in a non-threatening manner, allowing me to relax a little but the whimpers wouldn't stop. "What was that about?" she asked sadly, "Jasper has never felt so much pain… what happened to you?" I turned away and walked behind a nearby tree, having lost my clothes during my transformation. I would have loved to witness her reaction to my naked body, but now was not the time. "Things happen," I said from behind the tree, "And that's all you need to know." "No, it's not, so much pain from one punch… Why?" she tried again. "Reasons beyond my control… reasons I can't tell anyone… especially not you." Those beautiful blond locks came into view in an instant, her eyes were staring into my own, and I could see she was forcing herself not to look down. Her hands were cold as they rested on my shoulders. "Tell. Me." She ordered, on order I couldn't force myself to disobey. "B-Because… I- I'm… I imprinted on you," I stuttered out, looking down at the ground as I did so, waiting for the disgust and horror to come my way. "You imprinted on me? Like how wolves imprint and mate for life?" I nodded my head sadly, I just formally met her and now she's going to take off. She stood silently for a few moments before I felt a finger on my chin. Slight pressure pushing me to look upwards. As I did I saw a small, sad smile on her face, I knew what was coming, she was going to turn me down. "I'm sorry," the two meanest words in the English language slipped into my mind, "I'm sorry I hit you." My eyes widened, "W-What?" I asked dumbfounded. "I'm sorry I hit you, such a beautiful face shouldn't be bruised like this," her hand was ghosting over my sore jaw as she spoke. "B-Beautiful?" "Very beautiful." "You mean, you're not disgusted? Not upset?" "Not at you, is that also why you were kicked out of the tribe?" I shook my head, knowing now would be the best time for me to tell the truth, "I wasn't kicked out. I ran away," I said as I raised my arm, showing the deep bite mark that my father had left in my arm. "After I imprinted… I was attacked, they would have done terrible things to me had I stayed. They viewed imprinting on a vampire as a betrayal, even though I couldn't control it." "The dogs," Rosalie growled causing me to smile a little. I watched her as she was inside her own head, I had no idea what she was thinking, but I knew what I was thinking, she knew I was imprinted on her, she called me beautiful. Maybe she'd go on a date with me? I cleared my throat, breaking her out of her inner thoughts, my confidence waning as I looked into her eyes, but I pushed on, "I wanted to ask… If… Maybe if you aren't too busy… Would you…" "Do you want to ask me out?" She asked, seeming very surprised. I nodded sheepishly, the confidence all but drained from my body. "I'd love to," she said as a smile spread across her face. Unable to hold back my tears, I fell to the floor crying out of sheer happiness, my head buried in my hands. A cool hand started rubbing circles on my bare back, causing immense comfort and more than a little arousal. I heard the blond sniff the air before snorting with laughter. "I'll just stop this now, I think it's a little too early for any of that." I nodded my head before looking back up to her, "We should get back…" As I spoke, I watched as she grabbed my clothes. "You could have told me you brought those…" "And not get a good view? That's crazy talk," she joked, causing me to blush fiercely as she threw my clothes toward me. I dressed as quickly as I could before running back towards the school, ahead of Rosalie, a soft laugh from behind me quickly moved to next to me. "You can't lose me that easily." I laughed with her, happy that she was no longer glaring at me.