more than anything for this first penetration to be pleasurable. I curved my finger up, rubbing against the rough skin of her g-spot as I sucked with all my might. Her eyes widened and she came against my face. Her pussy tightening so hard that it bent finger inside her. I kept fucking her as she came down and I could tell the aftershocks were just as powerful for her as they had been for me. I kissed her clit one more time before sliding my finger out and kissing my way back up her body. I was crazy satisfied. Even though I knew I still desired her, and I definitely wanted more – some deep seated part of me relaxed for the first time in my vampire life. I cuddled her naked body close to me, and kept kissing and nuzzling her gently. I vaguely heard a weird roaring sound but I had zero desire to move and investigate. She cuddled me back just as actively, our hands never idle – touching everywhere, rubbing everywhere, kissing everywhere. I'm not sure how long we lay there like that, but the light changed before I felt the need to break the silence. "Bella?" My hands paused for the first time in hours, and I felt uncertainty creep up my spine. "Hmmm?" she responded, rubbing my scalp. I scooted away so I could see her face, and as her hands stopped moving, I saw realization cross her face and suddenly we both looked as uncertain as I felt. BPOV I had never imagined sex would be like that. The tepid desire I felt for Edward was nothing in comparison to the explosion I felt with Alice. And she was so cuddly and sweet after – I wasn't sure I ever wanted to talk, again – just in case I ruined it. And that's where this was heading. I bet I've got some crazy newborn pheromone that made her jump me, and now we'll be awkward and distant forever. I felt an imaginary hand squeeze my heart at the thought. Was there any chance of a relationship with Alice? Did I want one? Was I still talking about Alice? Crazy, bouncy, is probably ADHD Alice? My brow furrowed and I started to feel a cloud of angst and doubt descend over me. "Bella, don't do that. I see you destroying our relationship from here. Please stop." Alice looked anguished and a part of me broke a little inside. "Shit." Both of our heads turned to see Emmett – hands over his eyes – standing 10 feet away. "Em? What are you doing here?" Alice screamed, while she scrambled to find something to cover us with. In what felt like a frozen instant, she somehow made shorts and tank tops out of what I swear was only shreds a moment ago. She kept tugging at my top – trying vainly to make the fabric completely cover my breasts – and I laughed and grabbed her hand. She scowled a little at the top, and when I saw what she was wearing I felt the same distress. Way too much of her was showing for Em to be around. I started growling before I even realized it. My voice was deep and pissed off – so much so that I didn't recognize it when I spoke, "Em – fuck off. We're not dressed." "I know," he responded too casually for my taste, I growled again before he continued – "but everyone is at the house, and you'll be worse off if any of them see you. Rose is getting you both some clothes – follow my scent to the edge of the forest and get dressed. We've been waiting hours for you two to finally come back." And with that, he turned and left. I looked at Alice, and she was fighting back a smile. "What?" I barked out. "Aww," she said with a big smile, "don't be grumpy. He's gone." I blew out a hard breath and tried to relax – kicking the ground in my discomfort, and looking anywhere but at her. "Sorry, I'm not completely sure what happened there." I glanced over and she was grinning now - and my ire was suddenly directed at her, instead. "What, Alice? Seriously – just tell me." "Somebody's jealous," she sang at me – while trying to adjust her top. I snorted. "Jealous? As if. He's just such a horn ball – I'm sure you don't want him looking at you, either." "Ah," she shook her head, "doesn't bother me. He's my brother. I'm sure he's seen me naked tons of times." I full on growled and started to feel my blood pressure rise. "What? Seriously?!" She laughed and shook her head again. "Bella?" she asked, trying to get my attention – all I could think about was killing Emmett for looking at Alice. "Huh?" my mind was totally elsewhere – disemboweling him for being a perv. "Baby?" My ears perked up at her calling me that, but I was still in a murderous haze. I gritted my teeth and truly wondered if I should let any of them live – if they'd all seen her naked. I growled, loudly and was about to take off for the house to kill them all. "Honey bun?" She swung me around until I was looking at her. My anger melted a little – she was so gorgeous. Her black hair was sticking up all over, she had dirt smeared on her face, and her top was slowing all but the tips of her breasts. Yum. Then I remembered, "Alice – he deserves it. That perv is only getting what's coming to him." She laughed loudly and pulled me closer for a kiss. As soon as her lips touched mine, I forgot him entirely. She was so lovely, and her skin was so soft. I heard that weird roar again, but I couldn't be bothered anymore. THE END