a hundred times at Maria's camp. You'd have felt the pull, and we would have made a plan together... finding you was my priority. If I'd have had the advantage of my powers and my father's assistance, I would have killed her for you years ago. It was only recently that I felt confident enough to go that route. And honestly, I was beginning to worry that you had to have been detained in some fashion in order to not be here with me. You knew I was in Forks this whole time..." Jasper's pain and denial whipped through me seconds before he admitted, "Actually, I didn't. You told me that when I was a human, and those memories aren't very clear after the change into a vampire. I actually remembered you saying, 'I live in the top corner of the map.' An oversight that Alice capitalized on when she sought to keep us apart... it wasn't until I pulled out the Fork's High sweatshirt you gave me that the memory came back. And that was only 2 days ago. I've been touring the region for the last 3 years... searching every small town along the way. At Alice and Edward's urging." I winced - understanding, anger and sadness swirling between us. "But to answer your previous question. No, I have no plans beyond staying with you. I joined the Cullen Coven fifty years ago, that was the group you saw me with this morning, but after I punish Edward for his part in Alice's machinations – our association will be over. I'm more than ready to move on with you," he gave me a smile, and then remembering my father's presence, turned in his seat and tacked on, "and Charlie, of course." My Dad laughed, loudly - "No need to include me, son. I'll be around, but I have no intention of becoming a third wheel to the newly mated. Or at least newly reunited. No, I'm ready to leave Forks and assume my true form. I only stayed here to give Bella a normal childhood. Now that she's grown, I think I'll tour Europe again, actually. Maybe look for some other Fae in the homeland... You two are more than welcome to join me, of course – in a couple decades when you're weary of each other's company." "True form?" Jasper asked curiously. My father's face seemed to melt, his early forties persona fading into a shockingly handsome 18 year old. Yeah, my Dad was eternally 18 too. How weird was that shit? And, unfortunately enough – this ability to cloak himself and age as a human, was a gift he hadn't passed on to me... Fucking A. I wasn't too disappointed, though. I didn't really crave permenance, so the nomadic lifestyle I would be forced to lead due to my timeless face – wasn't one I minded having. Charlie on the other hand, loved that he could stay for decades in the same place, aging and having human friends and actual jobs, etc. Not me. I planned to use my time travel to make myself the wealthiest person in existence. Maybe pop aboard the sinking Titanic and practice my ability to remain indefinitely without oxygen. Good times. That's right – Bella Swan, Time Traveling Burglar. We all have to have aspirations... Jasper was looking at me speculatively, so I went ahead and shook my head 'no', knowing somehow what he was asking. He shrugged. We were totally perfect for each other. My Dad started rambling about a flat he'd been looking at in Dublin when I tuned him out. And started picturing Jasper naked to keep myself entertained... and because I really wanted to see Jasper naked. He smirked and poked me in the side, so it must have been obvious – by the silly smile and lecherous oogling he was being subjected to. My Dad must have caught on to the fact that we weren't listening anymore, because he excused himself with the weak story that he'd planned to check in at the station randomly this morning to make sure his new receptionist was "keeping it professional." Whatever that means. I barely waited for the door to click shut behind him before I dragged Jasper off the couch and up the stairs to my room. We barely made it inside before we turned and simultaneously attacked each other. The lust and desire we'd been feeling earlier was amplified by the knowledge that we were certain not to be interrupted for several hours... And per his request, had an actual bed to use. Kissing Jasper was an activity I would participate in eagerly for the rest of time. It was somehow a full body experience with him. I felt his hard muscles pressed against me, his soft lips were rubbing erotically against mine, his perfect taste overwhelming my taste buds, dexterous hands roamed my body, alternately removing my clothing and caressing the exposed skin, his emotions added the extra touch though – feeling his love, desire and adoration shower over me – made me equal parts elated and undeserving. But the good kind of undeserving – like a Cinderella moment. This wholly undeserved happiness was what Cindy felt when the Prince proposed, knowing she was a maid. Shocked pleasure. Jasper could feel me, of course – and his amusement skittered over my nerves in another perfect caress. He was melting me from the inside out. The love I felt for him poured out of me, a warm river of sensation I could feel reflected right back. I clutched him closer, wrapping my limbs around him tighter - needing the reassurance that he was really here. It felt surreal. Jasper here in my bedroom, the same room I'd spent so many years thinking, planning and waiting for him in. I could hardly reconcile the events of the day. The wait was over. Nothing would ever separate us again. We were about to live happily ever after. THE END