other naked. I do wrap a towel around my hips and head to the kitchen. "Is the pizza here?" I ask as I step into the room. My eyes widen when I see my father sitting at the table and Caius leaning against the counter. His wrists are white with how hard he's holding onto the edge. He doesn't fare well around unknown men. Can't blame the poor guy. I stride to his side, wrapping him in my arms before turning to stare at Dad. "You're early," I say lamely. "Your aunt kicked me out. Good to see you too, son." He cracks a smile. I smile back. "So…introductions…" He gestures to Caius, who is clinging to me, his face burrowed into my shoulder. "Right." Rubbing my hand over my boy's shoulder, I stare at Dad. "This is Caius…my boyfriend." He turns to give Dad his shy look. "I know him," Caius says softly. "I've seen pictures everywhere…it surprised me. That's all." "It's okay," I whisper soothingly, kissing his head. "No one expects you to be at ease around men you don't really know after… Yeah. It's okay to be scared, baby." "But he's your dad. I know him." "Funny, I don't know you." Dad chuckles. Caius blushes furiously. "I know of you. Edward's told me a lot about you." "Funny. He hasn't told me much besides that first time, when he needed help for you, and the odd mention in our conversations." "Daaad," I groan. "I told you all that's important. I hope you weren't expecting me to tell you a day-by-day replay of what I was doing and who I was dating." The doorbell rings, and Caius bolts from the room. "Please, don't make it awkward," I beg my dad. "I love him, and even thought you may not approve, nothing will change." "Does he love you, too?" "Yes," I confirm. "He does." "I need thirty cents." Caius appears in the doorway. "You don't have any coins in your wallet." Because I always give away the spare coins to the homeless, lately more than ever before, I never have change. "Give him a dollar," I wave my hand. "And tell him to keep the change." "Okay." He sounds skeptical, but leaves, going to do what I said. "So…do you have room for your old man?" Dad winks. "I still cannot believe you sold the old house while you were in England. Like Auntie would have kept you there forever." "It was a nice retirement spot, but I got homesick." I roll my eyes. "Ah, what would you do without me, Dad?" "You must take me in. I kept you under my roof until you got your job and found your own house. Now it's your time to take care of me." "When you put it so nicely…" Caius returns with the pizza and sets the boxes on the table. "Oh, did you expect guests?" Dad asks, staring at the three boxes. "We usually get three different types and eat from all. They also make good leftovers." Dinner goes better than expected. Dad and Caius become friends quickly. Despite his initial reticence toward my boyfriend, Dad understands we really love each other, even though there are nearly ten years separating us. Age is nothing but a number. I've never cared for that. Later in the evening, we settle in the living room to watch TV, but no one actually watches the movie. Dad tells me about his adventures in Liverpool and the various trips Auntie took him on—he visited most of the best tourist attractions of England. Caius sits snuggled with a blanket at the other end of the couch, finishing a book for school. I was so happy when he approached me in August, asking quietly if he could continue his studies. I found a school close to the Center, making it easier for both of us. In the morning, I drive him to school, and sometimes pick him up in the afternoon, depending on my shift. I did find his parents in July, but lied to him about not being able to contact them. It spared him from more heartache, and the poor boy has been through enough. I was inspired to call representing an employee of the Swan Center, and not his boyfriend. I spoke to his mother. At first, she denied having a son, then finally caved and told me Caius wasn't their son anymore, not after choosing the devil's path. She said some other well-rehearsed phrases her husband taught her. It seemed he was the one who had a problem with Caius's choice, though she wasn't too far behind. I ended the phone call thanking for all the name-calling, because I was gay myself. Before hanging up, I could hear her saying something that sounded like a prayer. Ungh. "He looks pretty good," Dad comments off-handedly, staring at my boy. When I give him a raised eyebrow, he grins. "I mean, he looks healthy. The way you described him the first time…" "Well, I took pretty good care of him." I beam, placing my hand on Caius's feet in my lap. He jumps a little, not expecting the sudden move, but relaxes immediately. We're slowly finding a way to live around each other, to understand each other, and come to the other's aid whenever needed. I'm aware Caius won't be okay for a long time, but I vowed to myself I will do anything I can to help him and make him feel safe. He deserves as much. "His hair is a bit too long, don't you think?" Dad notes later in the night. My boy is tucked into my side, while we're still talking. Typical parent to comment on hair length. Hope you liked it. This was particular hard for me to write. I still have no idea why I did this angsty thing but it wanted out of me. :) Don't forget to check my facebook group and thank you for reading!