that way, even as a child. Always too serious and focused. It pisses my mother off something fierce." She smirked at that, obviously taking some satisfaction in annoying her mom. "I think I've always been serious, but my sister says I've turned into a 'brooding asshole who's hiding away in this moldy corner of the world'." I couldn't help the indulgent smile that pulled at my lips as I thought of Alice. The trouble with having a sibling fifteen years my junior was that she would always be six years old with pigtails in my mind. My brother was only a year older than her, but he was 6'5" and built like a truck, so I really couldn't think of him as a kid anymore. Even if he acted like one. Bella laughed at my comment and said, "I think I'd like your sister." I wondered briefly if she an Alice would get along. Alice was a bit energetic for most people, but Bella seemed laid back which might be a good complement to Alice's exuberance. Before I could stop myself I said, "You probably would actually. She's unique." "I always wished for a sibling, but you know what they say, be careful what you wish for." She looked so pained as she laughed bitterly. "Did your father just remarry?" I asked. "Well, a few years ago, but I haven't really been home since. He didn't invite me to the wedding until a couple weeks before, so there was no way I could get back in time. He said he didn't really think I would come all that way to watch him say a few words to a Justice of the Peace." She sounded so hurt. I couldn't help myself from responding, "That's awful. Who wouldn't want to be there for their father's wedding?" She turned in her stool to face me, leaning her elbow on the bar. I turned my body to match her posture as she spoke. "He was really hurt that I moved so far away for school. But how was I supposed to say no to a full ride at M.I.T.? And a position in Dr. Banner's lab to boot! I've been obsessed with his research since I learned of it in high school. Who says no to an opportunity like that to move back to Forks and teach at the local middle school?" The volume of her voice stayed low, ever conscious of nearby listeners, but she grew more agitated as she spoke. "Um, wow. No one. No one in their right mind would have made a different choice than you did." How could anyone hold that against her? "He's not a bad guy. He just doesn't understand. He never wanted to do anything other than live in this town and serve it. I'm not begrudging him that, but he can't even fathom wanting a different life. It's why he split with my mom and let us walk out of his life when I was three. She wanted to see some of the world, but he was tied to this town in a way she never would be." "Wow. He let your mom walk away because he didn't want to move? Just like that? But you came back to live with him at some point? It sounded like you went to school here." "Yeah, I went to high school here." She answered quietly as she turned back to her burger. "What about you? Where did you live before moving to sunny Forks?" She asked before taking a bite. I really didn't want to go down this road with her, or anyone for that matter, but she was being so open with me and I liked it. I knew I had to be open with her if I wanted it to continue. "I grew up in Chicago. I went to college in New York and then moved back to Chicago after that." She asked the next logical question. The one I really wanted to avoid. "What made you move out this way? It's not like this town is even on most maps." I had to just get it all out in one go. I took a deep breath and said, "Um. My mom wanted to move back here when she got sick. She used to visit with her family when she was a kid. She always found it to be peaceful. When she found out that her treatment options were exhausted, she wanted to come here to live out the rest of her life. I came here to help her with that and I never really left. She lived for a year and half – three times as long as they expected. I didn't really know how to reenter my old life after that." I looked up from my beer to find her looking back at me, her eyes glistening with unshed tears. She didn't say anything for a long moment, but she didn't look away I felt like she was seeing into my soul and I was seeing into hers. I don't remember ever feeling so naked before anyone before. I should have been terrified, but instead I felt…hopeful and raw at the same time. I didn't want this feeling to stop. After a moment Bella reached over and laid her hand over mine on the bar. She all but whispered, "I'm so sorry that you lost your mother. She was so lucky to have such a loving son to spend the end of her life with her." I felt like I could sit here forever, lost in her deep brown eyes basking in the warmth of her small hand resting on mine. The warmth seemed to radiate from her hand throughout me. She was like the sun and I had been so starved of light for the last several years. Was it possible to fall in love in an hour? Because I was pretty sure I was falling hard and fast for Bella Swan.