feels relationships…and on the way he talked with Edward, a lot. He told him that you were his singer and nothing could keep you apart, no matter how much he wanted. He also told him it was stupid to tell you our secret." "I already knew. He just confirmed it," I reminded her. "I bribed Jake here…" I grinned, nudging him. "I was young and stupid," he muttered. "Yes, Edward explained that you already figured it out, and that you weren't going to talk. Anyway, Jasper was next then Carlisle, finally," Alice finished. "And now?" I asked her, afraid of her answer. "Now…" she sighed deeply. "What do you want to hear? Bad news? Horrible news? Good news?" "Good, bad, horrible," I decided. "Wise decisions." Jasper nodded to me. "The good news is that Emmett and Rose are parents," he announced to us. But it didn't have the wanted effect, no one but me smiled. Alice looked incredibly sad. Something was wrong there… "She always wanted to be a mother," Jasper added. "Bad news," Alice said loudly, closing her eyes. "Since no one was able to catch Victoria, as I heard…she found out about this being turned into humans…" "No!" I gasped. "Yes. Victoria wants revenge…on you and Edward." "Why? What?" "Edward killed James, her mate. She wants to kill you then Edward…or something." Jasper shrugged. "The thing is that she has a gun. Haven't you heard of the fire shots at Dartmouth?" "Yeah, but…that was her?" I mumbled. "Yes. She found Edward. The police are after her…she let herself been seen…" "Is he okay?" Alice gulped. "The horrible news…" "No, Alice!" I covered my ears. "No! You didn't just tell me all that to end with… Please, tell me he isn't dead!" I started crying. "Not really." "What the hell does that mean?" I shouted. "Rose and Em visited them for the weekend. Edward lives with Esme and Carlisle in Hanover. And he was sent to the park with his nephew…" Jasper said. "Victoria…she went head first in his car…on his side." My heart twisted and there was a hole in my chest. He was hurt. I tried to locate my lungs and breathe, but I couldn't do it. "She left the accident scene and witnesses said there was a redhead woman. The police would get her and sentence her for life for wanting to kill someone if they don't end up dead first," Jasper kept talking, but all I could think was that Edward was hurt. The thought was foreign since I could never conceive him hurt. A few hours ago, I thought he was happy, living his life somewhere, having forgotten about the silly human. Then I learnt that he was alive. And now…he was hurt. My head spun. "Are you okay, Bella?" Alice asked concerned, rubbing my back. "How…What…Is he…?" I bit my lip, letting the tears wash over my cheeks. "He's in the hospital. And so is Dave…Rose and Em's baby," Jasper told me. "Dave is really okay. More scared than anything else…but Edward's really hurt." "That's why you came here?" Jake snapped. "He's hurt, so what? Lots of humans get into accidents!" "He's been sedated and just woke up from his induced coma…" Alice tried to explain. "Oh, and he thinks he's still in Forks. Newsflash! He's not. Bella's not going there!" Jacob yelled. "I listened to your fucked up story, now go." "Jake!" I shouted. "Shut up already! I can decide what I want to do. Is it true?" I turned to Alice. "No! Bella, when he first woke up…I was there with Penelope who had become our best friend…and he said your name. Of course, he was still out of it and was asleep before we could react." "Don't fall for this shit, Bella. If you go there, I'm not talking to you ever again!" Jake threatened me. "Only I know what you've been through when he left and how I helped you return to normal." I sobbed, feeling my heart aching. I had to see Edward. I knew I'd go the second Alice started talking. "Bella, what do you want to do?" Alice asked, raising my chin. "Come with you, of course. Give me a minute," I whispered, running a hand under my nose. "You, come with me," I told Jake and went to my room. He slammed the door behind him and I covered his mouth before he could talk. "Jake, you know how much I appreciate everything you did. I love you, really, I do. But please, if you want me to be really happy, let me go. I need to go. I still love him even though I don't show it to you." He pushed my hand down and hugged me. "If you come back broken, I'm not patching you up again. I'm afraid I can't. You know how much you mean to me and that I'd do anything for you…that's why I'm letting you go. That motherfucker better not screw up or I'd personally kill him." "Oh, Jake!" I hugged him tightly. "Thank you." I packed in a hurry, not carrying what I shoved in my backpack. After changing my clothes and catching my hair, I rushed to the living room. "I'm ready," I told them. "Don't you want to pack?" Alice asked shocked. "I did. All I need is here." I pointed to my backpack. "Let's go!" Her wide eyes went from my face to my backpack then she shrieked. "The poor clothes, Bella! Edward isn't going anywhere. Let me help you pack." I tried to protest, but Jasper motioned behind Alice's back for me to listen to her. I grinned. Some things never change. I'm curious to know what you think of this. It's not my usual piece of cake as most of you know. The banner, pictures and other stuff related can be found in my FB group - link on my profile. As for the update schedule...once a week every Monday me thinks.