with him. Obviously I've told him no. As for Emmett, he gets really affectionate when he's drunk. He's tried to get into my pants pretty much every time we've partied together. It's one of the reasons I don't go out with you guys anymore. I know it doesn't mean anything to him. I'm just female and convenient." "Wow. I'm gonna fucking kill those guys for making me agree to that shit. They know I wouldn't go back on my word. And they made such a big fucking deal about how jealousy could break our friendship. God, even Alice, who made me feel like I could never be worthy of you because I was such a whore the first couple years after I moved out here. She told me you weren't the kind of girl who would go for a player like me. That shit hurt…" I trialed off, trying to calm myself down before I became too pissed at my friends. It hadn't escaped my notice that Bella still hadn't responded to my confession of love. She'd only questioned it. After another moment of quiet between us she asked, "You thought you weren't worthy of me because of your past?" I shrugged, "Baby, from the time I was nineteen until pretty much the day I met you, I would sleep with anyone I found remotely attractive and willing. I never led girls on, but I also wasn't interested in anything more. I'm not proud of it and I honestly haven't slept with anyone since the day I met you-" "You haven't had sex with anyone since you met me?" she asked incredulously. "Well not until tonight… no." I responded nervously. Maybe she missed the part where I'd said I was madly in love with her and had been since I'd known her. How could I fuck someone else when all I could think of was her? I'm not that big of an asshole. "But you go on so many dates. What about all those girls?" "Emmett's always dragging me out with him, mostly playing wingman. I never went home with any of them. Early on I tried to kiss a couple of girls, but it just felt…wrong. So I kept things really casual, friendly, but nothing more. Emmett and Jasper never noticed, they were just looking to hook up with whoever they were with." "But what about Tanya? You dated her for a month." She asked confused. "I tried with Tanya, I really did. She was so…enthusiastic." I paused, trying to sort out my thoughts. "That was about a year after you moved in. I thought you were heading home for the summer and I could use the time to get over you. Tanya had been flirting with me and asking me out for months. Finally, I just gave in. "We went out on dates, but I always kept my distance, ending the night with a kiss on the cheek. At first I think she thought I was just being a gentleman, taking it slow because she meant something to me. In reality, I couldn't stomach anything more with her. And then you got that internship and decided to stay the summer. When I went out with her I couldn't think of anything but getting back here to you so we could hang out. "I let it drag on so much longer than I should have. She never really cared for me, that's why it took so long for her to get annoyed about the complete lack of physical intimacy in our relationship. She decided that I was gay. She told me she was okay with that and offered to marry me and be my beard as long as I kept her in a comfortable lifestyle and didn't make her sign a pre-nup." Soft giggles surprised me. "I'm sorry," Bella laughed, "it's just that I was so upset about you and Tanya getting serious that I got drunk and made out with Alice and Rose." She was full out laughing now and I just stared back at her in shock. "Why were you upset about me dating Tanya?" I asked, interrupting her laughter. "Well I was jealous, of course," she stated simply, as if it were completely obvious. "Bella," I wrapped my arm around her waist and pulled her flush against my side. "Are you saying you had feelings for me?" I asked hopefully. She looked down shyly and said quietly, "Yes." Looking up at me through dark lashes she bit her lip and then made the ache in my chest loosen with her next words. "I've always had feelings for you, Edward. I love you too. I've loved you since that first night you helped me unpack my books and we talked about literature until three in the morning. How could I not fall in love with you after that?" I took her face between my hands and kissed her soft lips slowly, lovingly. I wanted her to feel in our kiss how much I loved her and how deeply I had longed for her. Catching my breath, I pulled back and rested my forehead to hers. "Baby, I love you so much it aches. Please tell me you'll be mine," I pleaded. "Please tell me we don't have to ever go back to the way things were. Because I will always be your friend, but I want so desperately to be much, much more to you. I want everything with you." I felt her smile against my hands as they rested on her cheeks. "I want to be with you too, in any way you'll have me." She said before leaning in for another kiss. Just then we heard the loud bang of the front door shutting downstairs followed by the booming voice of our roommate Emmett. "Hey losers, is anyone home? Are you geeks already in bed for the night?" At that Bella snorted and fell into a fit of laughter and I couldn't help but follow.