rendered the the iron rod a mass of metal splinters, crushed and twisted beyond recognition. Her sickly sweet breath landed on his neck as she swooped to whisper in his ear. "But I always knew this wasn't a fair match." Pop. Pop. Pop. His face was purple as she had already gripped his neck. She dislocated both his shoulders and sank her heel into his knee, blood spilling in a fountain of gore onto the oiled wood and bone following in a flinty heap. He cried out, more in surprise than pain, but he would quickly know what the latter really was. Any form of struggle was futile and he quickly learned to stay still. His eyes, listless and glazed, slid to the back of his head as the demonic woman buried her face in his neck, curving his back into her arms. It could have been an embrace for all an outsider, far below in the inky city night, could see. Lovers, perhaps, settling in on the coldest night so far this winter. They couldn't see the blood slowly blooming on his snowy white collar fastened to his shirt, or the ruthless snap of her teeth as they tore through corded tissue and gnawed at blood vessels until they protruded limply from his neck. Her face was thick with red, the heady aroma almost rendering her blissful and unaware of the danger of lingering too long with a target. But then there was nothing. No noise. No commotion or evidence alerting the sleep comforted neighbors or the hotel staff of a vicious murder that they would wake to the next morning. The society couple in the suite next door, the Chesters, would eventually recoil in horror at the crimson verdict of "GUILTY" jaggedly painted across J.J Marshall's crown molded doorway, and the macabre tableau that awaited the police beyond the threshold. No witnesses or suspects, even after what would be a three year investigation: Just death, destruction, and an eerie sense that justice had been borne and served in spades in the confines of those four walls. Until then, the woman would work to fastidiously remove herself from the situation. She dropped the corpse like a revolting piece of carrion and slowly ran her wrist across her mouth, smearing her own sins over her lips and chin. As if forgetting they were extensions of herself, she then peered inquisitively at her hands, chiding herself for getting carried away but noting with satisfaction that her clothing remained immaculate. Years and years of practice, after all. After a quick swipe of her fingers in the pooling blood and an unforgettable message sprawled on the front door for everyone to see, she gave herself a quick rinse at the faucet beside the vanity cabinet and shut the door behind her, as she was wont to do. And then Esme escaped through a forgotten stairwell and disappeared like a ghost in the night, all the while thinking that San Francisco would be lovely this time of year. Bainbridge Island, Washington State, August 2011 It was all done. Finished. And she hardly had anything left to do except have her proxy sign the papers. On an isolated inlet of craggy rock, shielded by a mixture of towering firs and the sturdiest variety of deciduous trees that could one could imagine, Esme laid her sopping wet back against a carpet of emerald moss and breathed in the soul reviving scent of damp earth around her. She lightly coughed, expelling the last remnants of sea water from her stone lungs, and was then silent. The wind carried salty drops of the Puget Sound to the stony coast and they mingled with the light rain falling from night darkened clouds onto the Japanese Maple leaves above. When they shook, she was showered with sea and sky and she observed the ocean crash before her in a delicious fury. She had emerged dripping from those angry waves, just moments ago, seen by no one as it was her way to remain unnoticed. She had specifically instructed that Jasper acquire a house on an appendage of the island that extended beyond the eyes of curious, privileged island dwellers who made their permanent homes at the edge of town. If they saw her now, it just wouldn't do, the most pressing concern being that she had apparently swum her way from Seattle to the lip of the island: That too wearing a yellow vintage sundress and no wetsuit, to make matters completely inexplicable. Well, Jasper had succeeded beyond her wildest hopes. Climbing over the slippery rocks, her excitement grew at the obvious isolation and the looming shadow of a structure built of wood and glass. It was comfortably settled amongst the trees and boulders, not straining to make itself known as anything but a natural protrusion from the land. She knew the house would need work, plenty of it, as it remained in disrepair for the better part of twenty years. The occasional teenager and/or animal – there was no difference in Esme's mind – would undoubtedly have crashed their way through a few rooms, either on a poorly thought out dare or on the hunt for food and warmth. Her presence would put an end to all that, she was confident. And Jasper would help, despite his various outings and ventures in Seattle. That, he had already promised. The packages would begin arriving tomorrow, and she would need to introduce herself to a few people in the community after a week or so, just to avoid natural suspicion and foster neighborly trust. But for now Esme stretched her arms and allowed her hands to sweep against the springy moss, almost flying as she listened to the water roar and the leaves weep. Snapped branches and spindly tree limbs surrounded her, creating a cosy nest, and she closed her eyes. If her heart was capable, it would have softly drummed in contentment at that moment. Yes, this could be home.