to her phone ringing. To my surprise, a beautiful male voice spoke: "Hello?" "Edward, why are you holding Bella's phone? Get off, I wanna talk to her." "She's in the shower." "Is she home already? I was expecting she would be in your place 'til midnight." "Don't be ridiculous, Beulah. Even with me to take her home at that hour, it's still a little late." "Don't tell me I'm ridiculous, Cullen!" I said sharply. "What are you doing there, anyway?" "I'm here to keep watch of Bella while she sleeps. It has been a long night," he said. "Isn't it enough that you brought her home safely?" I said. "She's in even more danger just by being with you. You know that." "Bella is safe now," he said calmly, although I could still hear the edge in his voice. "Oh, and when you see bandages on her arm tomorrow, don't overreact." "Is that why she's home so early?" I asked. "As a matter of fact, yes," he said. "It's an accident. You know how clumsy she is." "Alright, fine," I said, getting agitated. I didn't believe him, but I wanted to stop talking to him already. "Will you tell her I called?" "I'll tell her," he promised, before hanging up. I didn't want to think about what had happened when Bella was with the Cullen family. It was too easy to use Bella's clumsiness as an excuse to her injuries. With vampires for company, hardly anything was an accident. As I had suspected, something was up. Bella was particularly miserable when I saw her in the girls' bathroom during lunch period. "Hey, what's up with you?" I said when I washed my hands at the sink beside her. "Nothing," she said automatically. "Something happened with you at Edward's, didn't it?" I said. "How did you know that?" "Edward told me you had a 'long night,'" I said. "If you insist," she said. "Something did happen. But it was nothing . Jasper just lost control when I got a papercut, but that was just him. The rest of the family protected me. Nobody died." Then, she cringed. "I shouldn't have told you that," she hissed. "Thank the Lord you're immune to his telepathy," I said. I didn't wait for her. I was sure that she would be sitting with Edward. (Alice was absent for some reason.) While eating with my friends, I kept glancing at the Cullens' table. Bella seemed to be quite shaken by the commotion at her birthday party last night, despite her claims that it was no big deal. Even Edward was upset. He was in a rather stony demeanor, compared to his usually affectionate behavior toward Bella. From Bella's frightened looks at Edward, she was not happy with Edward ignoring her. "I don't know why you even care," sneered Lauren. "You their affair was coming to this." "It doesn't make it okay for Edward to torment Bella like this," I told her. Bella and Edward's troubles worried me as I drove home. It worried me even more when my home got calls from several neighbors frantically informing us that Chief Swan's daughter was missing. Apparently, she'd gotten home and parked her car, but she never went inside her house. K-9 units traced her scent toward the forest but not far enough to find her because the dogs were overpowered by a mysterious presence. The police asked if they could borrow Golem, but my dog refused to obey any of them. Besides, I didn't want Golem in that forest—not after recent sightings of a great black monster and dead campers in the area. Poor Chief Swan—he was scared to death he might not find his daughter. His two best friends, Quileute Tribal Council heads Billy Black and Harry Clearwater were there. "We'll find her, Charlie," said Harry confidently. Nearby, his daughter Leah was sitting on the hood of her father's black pickup. "Any luck?" I asked her. "Not yet," she said calmly. She didn't look scared at all. It was a stark contrast from young Jacob Black, who stood beside his paraplegic father Billy. Jacob was quiet, clearly worried and scared. Not long after that, a tall young man, about twenty years old emerged from the nearby canopy carrying the pale brunette in a tan duffel coat. "Charlie," said Jacob, when he saw them. Chief Swan sprinted across the lawn to collect his baby. "She's alright!" called the young man. "Thank you, Sam," said Chief Swan, before walking away, nuzzling against his daughter's hair. Harry Clearwater gazed solemnly at Sam and gave him a nod of affirmation. Sam reciprocated the gesture with honor and pride. He gazed at Jacob with the same air of honor, but the boy practically shrank back and ultimately ignored him. He walked straight toward Leah, displaying his rippling muscles for everyone to see. But his eyes were only for the lady sitting on the hood of her father's pickup. Leah stretched her slender arms toward him, smiling proudly. He scooped her into his arms and kissed her with such passion that I wondered how it felt like. "I knew you'd find her," she whispered, her thin hands caressing his abs. Sam touched her hand and clasped it. The image of them was so beautiful that I wanted to take a photograph. Moments later, Leah parted from him and beckoned her father to their truck. She sat between Harry and Sam; Sam was driving. Sam Uley had been living with them for a while now. He was like an adopted son to the Clearwaters, except he wasn't actually adopted. Sam's mother died early, and his father was never around. Apparently, that didn't get in the way of his happiness. He and Leah had been dating for a while now. Neither of them could afford college, so they had been thinking of marrying after high school. It was a good idea. Sam and Leah were healthy and happy; they could definitely build a strong household.