escorted back to Director Marcus's office. Inspector Marcus's desk was now covered in files. He was hovering over them and Uley over him when they both looked up and the Director nodded for us to come ahead in. As we sat down I started to stiffen again in intimidation. "So you're the President's Golden boy. I expected someone younger." The Director snarled. Clearwater smiled but didn't rise to the bait. "So we have an old man and a twenty nothing baby out there this should be interesting." Marcus's grumbled. Inspector Clearwater looked a little shocked at the reveal of my age, "You ever done undercover work before Swan?" He asked. "No Sir. This is my first assignment. But I've just completed the course…" Clearwater grunted a laugh, "Of course you did and probably top of the class too, no doubt. I'm sure that'll come in real handy, darling." He said turning to Captain Uley, "Let me guess… you taught it." "With all do respect Sir. I did tell you that I was graduating tomorrow." I hoped my –lack there of skills would get me out of this assignment, but no dice. "I thought you were sent to training for the skills that you would need for this assignment. But I was so sadly mistaken." He half spit half grumbled. Director Marcus's got hot under the collar, "Well, now that we've got the pleasantries out of the way, let me just run it down for you. This is my team. I own it. I choose who I want out there representing this force. We've been following Cullen's Corp for three years now without the President's help and we've gotten along just fine without Secret service. "Secret Service, I thought you were an Inspector?" I asked. "Titles" Clearwater waved my questions away like they were dust particles in the air. Clearwater leaned back fingers laced together across his stomach. While I hadn't reacted I still couldn't help but notice the heat occupying my cheeks –my own Knuckles turning white. "Now because the President wants to know what Cullen's Corp has on him we're getting pressure for results –they're screwing up our operation, by changing up our course of action and demanding results now. We don't want you. We don't need you, but we're fucking stuck with you. But while you're here, you'll be doing things my way, no bullshit, no arguments. Got that?" Director scoffed. "Got it" Clearwater said evenly, "She on the other hand is so wet behind the ears, she more of a menace to your team that an asset. The kind of ability you need for this job isn't one you're gonna get out of some fucking book in some fucking seminar run by a bunch of pencil pushers who's never done a days work in under cover intelligence. You're going to get a crash course in the real world here, sweetheart, and I'm not putting any of my people at risk. If you can't hack it –I'll send your tight ass back to whatever hick town it came out of. You got that?" He growled. "Yes Sir" My voice was low and thick with intimidation. "And if you're going to boo –hoo because the boss gave you shit… now's the time to throw in the towel." Clearwater looked to me for an answer. "That won't be something you'll have to worry about Sir." I acknowledged –rage now taking the place of fear. "Good." Clearwater sighed. "You'll be restricted to surveillance, a bit more up close and personal than I'd like for any agent with as little experience as you've got. Your job is relatively simple get close to the son –Edward Cullen. We hear he likes the Escorts. You're going undercover as a high end Escort –Edward like's to try all the new girls and if he likes one he keeps them on a personal call list. You're job is to get on that list." I drew in a breath to protest, but Clearwater cut me off, "you're not trained for it and I don't give two shits what they taught you," he pointed at Uley and Marcus, "I don't have the time or the patience to teach you. All you are is ass –tits –a pair of eyes and ears. If you stick to that you're less likely to end up with a bullet between your eyes. You got that?" I nodded in response –my jaw muscles twitching. "Good, now I let everyone make the choice. You were picked for whatever god damn reason to enter into the unknown. Do you wish to serve your country Miss Swan?" Clearwater's eyes practically begged me to say no "Yes, Sir, I'm ready." Clearwater pinched his nose and then escorted me out the door. I knew that this wasn't me that I most likely couldn't pull off this undercover work. There was no way that me the clumsy no shape awkward girl could pull of an Escort. I wondered vaguely if I'd actually have to get that up close and personal with Edward. But it was a challenge and I loved challenges. My strong suit was most definitely figuring out problems –puzzles and I hoped that the FBI wasn't putting me in danger just because of my body. I was sure there had to be other women on the force who had more of a frame –tits and ass then I. At least I hoped that they choose me because of my skills. So that's it. I hope that you all enjoyed it. Please… please leave me your thoughts on the chapter. I always love to get your feedback. Is this story something that catches your interest as a reader or not so much? Where would you like to see the story go? What Characters are you most interested in reading about? Leave me a review or email if you're shy. I love all feedback negative or positive helps me grow my mad skills lol. Until next time Fanfic world.