get you some water and a seat before you tip over." She looked over to Riley. "Good seeing you again, Riley. I better go take care of her before she falls flat on her face." Bella turned to the ladies room keeping an arm around Angela. Phew, she breathed. Thank goodness for Angela's drunk ass. She wasn't sure meeting with Riley would be such a good idea. So many years had passed, they were both adults now and if she was still reacting like this when he was around... she felt the slight ache in her heart again thinking how he'd left. She'd dated a few times, however never had a serious boyfriend since Riley. Lauren, Angela's roommate and another nurse at the hospital, came over to them as Bella was leading Angela out of the restroom. She was heading out and would take Angela with her. Bella decided it was probably time for her to head out too. The group she came with seem to have scattered or disappeared over the last hour. As she turned the corner to the main pub area, she saw Riley searching for someone. He was by the pool tables on the opposite end of the room. She immediately knew he was looking for her. She never did give Riley an answer. Seeing him again after all these years brought back emotions that she had buried deep away. He had been important to her, but now he was little more than just a stranger. To keep Riley was seeing her, she quickly slipped behind a large group of people gathered by the bar. Needing a drink and a moment to think she took a seat at the end of the bar and ordered a beer. There was a slight delicious scent she couldn't pinpoint. It smelled clean yet woodsy and a bit... manly? Bella casually looked to her left and did a quiet gasp. It was Wild Man! She'd forgotten about him! He was still sitting where she last saw him and now she was sitting next to him. Was he the source of that delightful scent? She turned her head back to face the drink in front of her. Wild Man was facing forward and he looked up straight to the glass behind the bar to stare at her. He didn't say anything to her, just looked at her with this intense stare. "Um, hi." Bella said uncertainly. She was still intimidate by his appearance. Wild Man still didn't respond, just took a drink of his beer. He made her nervous and when she was nervous she tended to babble. "Hey, sorry for stealing this chair. I hope the seat wasn't taken. You know, I mean by your girlfriend or friend or whoever. I just needed a moment to think and this was the most secluded area I could find, you know, at such a short notice." "Seat's not taken, suit yourself" came the gruff reply. Wow, Bella thought, that was one of the sexiest voice she had ever heard. And the voice certainly did not match the appearance! She could feel goose bumps forming along her arms. What the heck? She dropped her arms into her lap and tried to rub them away. "Seclusion to think, you won't find that in a pub like this," came the voice again. She turned to look at Wild Man. He was looking straight ahead, but she could feel his eyes on her. "Pardon?" Bella asked. She looked a little more closely this time and saw that he wasn't nearly as old as she first thought him to be. With the whole Duck Dynasty look going on, she thought he was nearing "old man" status. He turned his eyes to her, and she had to suck in a quiet breath. His eyes were amazing! She had seen them briefly across the bar earlier, but it was not nearly as mesmerizing as it was now. Green eyes with flecks of gray and gold in them and he had the thickest lashes she'd ever seen on a man. His nose wasn't straight with just a slight crook at the bridge. And the hair! Up close, it was thick and messy like he'd had sex straight up for days. She felt her fingers itch to run them through the copper colored strands. "You said you needed a secluded place to think, you won't find it here in this pub." "Oh." Bella said lamely, she had lost her track of thoughts completely. What were they talking about anyway? "You mind me asking what you're thinking so hard about?" All Bella could think of at that moment was how gorgeous Wild Man really was up close. He could do with a shave and a haircut however. She couldn't confess what she was actually thinking, and began to babble again. He was making her flustered and now she couldn't stop looking at him! "Uh, well, I just ran into an old boyfriend. We were together a long time ago. Anyway, it's been years, but he asked if we could get together to catch up and I didn't want to so I'm just trying to avoid him. He's by the pool table next to the entrance and I can't leave without him seeing me." Ugh... Bella mentally slapped her forehead. Did she really just vomited that out? "What's there to think about? Just tell the fucker no and move on." Wild Man continued to look at her, capturing her gaze and holding it. She could get lost in those eyes and they seem to be drawing her in. The background noise seem to be fading away... Just as she was about to open her mouth to reply, a sudden high pitch squeal came from out of nowhere, making her jump and sloshing the beer she was holding onto the floor. "OH MY GOD, EDWARD!" I would love to hear your thoughts! Please review and let me know if I should continue... Thank you!