be precise. This was until she was of age to fend for herself. Ever since that tragic event we had gotten closer, I will say the closest I had ever been to a human in my 116 years. We will walk each other to class, she will sit with me and my family during lunch; we will have shopping trips to Seattle, and occasionally, we will have slumber parties at my house. She was a great, intelligent, and perceptive individual, who was truthful and sincere. She never really hovered too much, which was greatly appreciated by us. When I say perceptive, I meant that she was smart enough to find out who we were on her own and she never misjudged us. We all knew that her friendship could bring complications to our existence and well to her life as well. But we took our chance nonetheless. Esme already considered her as another daughter, and even Rosalie with all her egocentric attitude, had gotten along with her just fine. Sometimes we will spend countless hours in silence never really feeling awkward, or enjoying an evening along the family sitting around the fireplace. Few months after the accident, the entire family had come to an agreement. In the given case, her life was place in harm's way, then she'll have a choice. To be changed and join the family, or leave and pretend like any of us never really existed . Countless times we were reassured that in her reality, we were all she had left. She suddenly became more acquainted to us, closer enough to say she was the 'eight' to our coven. Her biological aunt was more of a legal guardian, to the entire extend of the word, leaving Angela with no attachments what so ever to the exterior world. The wind coming from the west brought with it the faint scent of lavender through the opened window. My now open eyes fixated on the diminutive spider racing through the ceiling to reach its web. Breakfast time! amused by my instant childish thought I sprung up and walked towards the vanity in my bathroom to make sure I looked presentable enough for yet another day at hell high . Pleased with what I saw, I walked out and grabbed the black scarf that rested upon my bed. Looping it around my neck and turning off the unnecessary light, I graciously made my way downstairs. Sunday, June 25, 2017 Hey you… Is incredible to think that is been close to 8 years since I've last written or posted anything for this site (Or online for that matter) and it feels that now, after so long, this silence is finally coming to a halt. The years that I was part of this website as a contributor helped me in more ways than I could have ever imagined. I met people who, even till this day, still make my life better just by been in it. The people who took the time to read, like, critique, dislike and overall gave me a chance, helped me understand that there are moments when the only way we will know what the outcome will be, is by taking the leap. Unfortunately, there was a situation in my personal life that caused me to completely withdraw myself from here and a lot of the places I was active on the web. Ever since not only the voices of my characters won't quiet down , but also, the feeling of guilt won't let me move on . I feel that I owe it to myself, the characters and you, the reader, to finish what I have started long ago. I had 4 stories posted here (2 where One-Shots, the other were full stories) been live for about 2 years. All work was Twilight related. I would more than likely be bringing the story I had worked on the most. Which was called "Perhaps in the end, there should be no regrets" it was made of 16 chapters, each one not smaller than 10k words. Story was dark and grim. It was intended to be, and quite bold from time to time. I will be polishing my work in the upcoming weeks, and will be intending to post one chapter every 3 weeks. I'm setting a 3-week mark, because remembering how thing were back then, I feel it will give enough time for the story to circulate and for more audience to capture it. It will also give me enough time to polish and possibly work on new chapters, if any are needed (which for what I remember I'm still missing about 12 more chapters) who knows, according to my old notes I was planning to write a sequel. Also, chapters will be smaller, probably no more than 3,500 words each. I know many love a big chapter, but also not long enough that becomes dreadful. You see, Love, Health, Work Life, Growing up, getting Married and Future plans , have played a huge part ever since. From rekindling a relationship with an old friend (more like my high school best friend; who is now my wife) living in 2 different states in a expand on 5 years. To traveling through the East Coast (all I'm missing is 4 States to make it from end to end) and getting 3 surgeries back to back since 2015. Now at 30, I see, feel, and perceive life in a complete different way. I now welcome you to embark with me in this new journey once again. Hopefully I'll be able to see some old faces here, and luckily I'll be able to create new connections. Recently life has caused me to come back not only here, but in other venues, full force. If you want to look at another side of my life, I also welcome you to look at my Tumblr & YouTube Channel. (Inbox me for Links). Thanks so much for your valuable time! Till next time... AEONVAR