the ones in the nearby La Push reservation. I would be visiting them on the weekend. I loved playing in the snow and watching my dog play in it. The road itself was a bit slippery as I drove home. As my truck shuffled into the garage next to the family van, my faithful Rottweiler was waiting for me at the front door, his tongue hanging out. "Hi, Golem!" I called, and he instantly trotted toward me. "Down!" I commanded when I saw he was about to get on his hind legs and rest his front paws on my shoulders. Panting, Golem obeyed, still staring happily at me. "Good boy," I said, patting his head. Now four years old, Golem was too big and heavy. But he certainly missed being carried in my arms. I'd gotten him as a present on my bat mitzvah . He had been a one-month-old puppy back then. My family had originally been living in Seattle, but we'd moved here in Forks for a more peaceful environment. I'd been ten years old, and my family had all been recovering from the death of a second son. There were pictures of my two brothers among the family portraits on the wall along stairs to the bedrooms. I gave each of them a kiss every time I went down the stairs in the morning, and every time I went up the stairs from school. My first's brother's name was Asher, and he had hemophilia, a genetic disorder that prevented his blood from clotting. He tried to climb from his crib one day and fell. I was six years old when I watched his little coffin sink into the earth. My second brother Ethan lived much longer. For a while, I imagined looking out for him as we grew up. A boy from school threw a rock at him and hit him on the head. It wouldn't have been that much of a problem if he hadn't stopped bleeding. He'd gone into shock and died by the time he was at the hospital. I was ten. Fearing of having a third son, Mama and Papa didn't try for any more children. Shortly after Ethan died, I was found to have thrombocytopenia, a similar disorder of having too few platelets. Like my brothers, it could take a while before my wounds stop bleeding. Fortunately, my condition was not as fatal. However, it was an indication that I could pass on their disease to a son. I honestly didn't see myself having a son. I didn't even see myself with a husband. I did see myself as a university professor with a couple of poetry collections published. If I marry, that would be great. But that was not my most important goal. When I changed my violet- and orange-colored arabesque-patterned dress and keffiyeh for a soft cotton shirt and tweed shorts, Mama knocked on my door and announced, "We're having lamb burgers tonight. It's your favorite." "Thanks, Mama!" I called back. The lamb burgers were exquisite. My mouth was watering as I bit into mine later that night. We had lamb burgers on my bat mitzvah . And just like that night, Golem lay on the carpet, letting me rest my feet against his warm body. "Is it delicious, darling?" asked Mama. Papa gave Mama his sweetest smile. "The patties are little bit toasted at the crusts, but I like it that way," he said. "It's a great meal after sitting in an office smelling like my colleagues' chips on their desks." "It's a little oily though," I said. "Here are some napkins, honey," said Mama, handing me three sheets. "How was today? I heard Chief Swan's daughter went to school today." "She's okay—kinda shy—she seems fond of the Cullens—especially Edward." "Is he the handsome one with chestnut hair? He does seem charming." "Mama, the guy never talks to anybody. She doesn't stand a chance." In the next day, I thought I was right. Edward Cullen hadn't shown up in school, and Bella was sad about it. Bella kept looking at the Cullens' table again and again while we were eating. I followed her gaze and then asked her, "Are you looking for Edward Cullen?" "Umm," she muttered, looking away from that table, "yes—yes, I am." "Why do you bother? After what he did to you, I wouldn't want to see him again," I said. "I just want to confront him, that's all," she said. "Well, it looks like he's not coming," I said with finality. Bella looked taken aback and somewhat offended, perhaps surprised at how curt I was. I couldn't understand why Bella wanted to see Edward so badly. "I want to see him," she insisted, her voice rising. "He obviously doesn't like you. So take Jessica's advice and don't waste your time on him." Jessica's gorgeous best friend, Lauren Mallory giggled. Bella and I glanced at this gorgeous blonde with green eyes. She looked deeply satisfied that I told off Bella. "Why are you so against him?" asked Bella irritably. "And why are you so desperate to see him?" "You didn't answer my question," said Bella. "You really want an answer?" I asked, crossing my arms while leaning closer to her. Our friends watched tensely as I said, "I tried to be friendly with him, but he rejected me …" Bella gave a somewhat reluctant smirk and then chuckled. I thought she would have laughed out loud but was too modest for that. "What's so funny?" I asked in a low voice. "Do you think he'd like you ?" My mouth fell agape, unable to get any words out. "Who do you think you are, Isabella?" I asked angrily. The rest of the cafeteria abruptly grew quiet. People looked at me, but I ignored them. "You don't know anything about anyone here!" I lost my appetite and walked away. I didn't care what my friends thought of either of us. I didn't want to see her anymore.