chewing on it absentmindedly. "I will not lie, but I will not bring up the subject of you either. That is all you can ask of me." When she narrowed his eyes at him, he blanched. "You know he is like my father. I cannot lie to him." She sighed in frustration. "I supposed that is good enough. I plan on leaving by dawn. I have other matters to be taken care of, you know. Other people to be killed. Money to be made." Although that coin were probably not to find residence in her own pocket. She, like the rest of her band of brigands, often gave what they could to the poor. No sense on wasting it on frivolous things. He did not frown at his words since he had done his own fair-share of murder; had he not met and married Emily, he probably would still be terrorizing and pillaging the east side of the country. "That would be for the best, as William is coming in the afternoon." Isabella gnawed on her lip. "What of Jacob?" "He is still -" Samuel was cut off by the sound of shrill screams and grunting. He turned on his heel and burst out the back room doors just as Isabella sprang into action. About seven large ruffians dressed in dark garb stood in the front of the tavern, each totting equally great swords and crossbows. They hid behind the cowls of their capes that hung to the floor, varying in darkness. "The Volturi." Samuel hissed. "How in the bloody hell did they find her here?" He spotted Isabella's things behind the counter and dashed to retrieve them, tossing her belongings in her direction. He sprinted back to her. "It's the Volturi. You need to leave, now, before they let you rot in jail." "Bloody hell," Isabella hissed, not bothering with the ties of her apron and just sliced it off with her dagger. She quickly slid into her own mottled cloak, strapped her daggers to her hip and slung her quiver of arrows on her back. She gripped her bow tightly. "This might be a blood bath." "You won't be doing this alone. Some bastard must not have been as drunk as I thought. Someone must have heard me call you Isabella." He declared, reaching behind a barrel of ale and withdrawing an impressive blade that glinted in the dimmed light filtering in from the tavern. Samuel felt the guilt bubbling up in him; he was undoubtedly the loudest in the tavern and the densest. He did not doubt that it was him who tipped off a suspicious and slimy patron. "No." She placed her hand on his arm. "Stealth is the key here. There are too many for just two of us to battle. I sent Quil to go and take Anna home." Isabella clenched her jaw. "It is probably not your fault. The Volturi would not be in La Push unless there was a reason to. I suspected that they would be following me, but I did not think they would be this close. Also, there are many Isabella's in La Push. They must've been on my trail for a while now; much longer than I thought. I was too focused on Vladimir to notice it. Damn myself and my love for torturing disgusting swine." She hissed and then placed a hand on his arm. "I'll be at Ralph Single Hand's port handling a shipment of weapons I need. I'm guessing the circus folk shall be performing sometime soon?" Samuel nodded. "In two days, I believe, in the market square." She bit her lip. "Alright then. If you find out anything about how they happened on my trail, you let me know. I'll be there." Isabella pulled him in for a hug. "So, is there a way out?" He pulled at his dark locks, cursing under his breath. "Okay, go through the back. The door to this room is somewhat hidden by the staircase, so you should be able to slip out undetected." Isabella nodded and pulled her cowl up, covering half of her face. Stepping onto her toes, she pecked him gently on the cheek. "Thank you for everything, Sam. Good luck." He hugged her. "May it follow you as well." Isabella slinked out of the back room, moulding herself of the shadows of the wall. Samuel was right; the staircase impaired the Volturi from seeing her sneak out. "What is going on here?" Emily demanded, bursting out from the kitchen. The cloaked person at the front pushed back their cowl to reveal bright blue eyes that twinkled with malevolency and blonde hair pulled back in a braid. "We hear of Isabella Swan in these parts." Understanding flashed in Emily's eyes but she quelled it. "That bandit? Why would I ever let her into my tavern?" She spat, disgusting tangled in her voice. Emily was a good fibber; when you married a retired bandit, you learn to lie. Isabella was already out the back door and made her way to the stables where Burnside was awake and aware, as if he knew that she needed him. She saddled up and clicked her heels into his side as they sped away from La Push. A/N: I've read so many fanfics, it's not even funny. I've hated every single one with a weak, dependent Bella. There's nothing wrong with that, being dependent, but I hate it when it's to a point where she can't function without Edward/Jake. This Bella is badass and does not give a fuck. She's a bandit; and extraordinary one at that. She doesn't do it for no reason though, I'll tell you that now. ;) Please review if you like it, it's my first attempt at fanfiction so I'll do my best. :) Yes, I know that there are some historical mistakes, whether it is in this chapter or will be in the next chapters. I'll do my best to avoid them. Thanks, -A