as if in surrender. "Whatever you wish as a punishment is what I deserve. Please forgive me, My Lord." "It is not only me you need to apologize to." Jane recoils under the intensity of my gaze. "I am sorry, Isabella. Please forgive me. I was mad with jealousy. It will not happen again." I answer for her. "No, it will not happen again. In fact, I do not see any reason for you to visit Isabella for the remainder of her time here in Adwen. You will only cause her distress, and I will not have it. Now," I say turning to Isabella, "I am leaving her punishment up to you, Isabella. Shall she be whipped for her lack of judgment? Or will the absence of her presence be enough?" "I do not wish for her to be punished. Please, My Lord, her absence shall be enough for me." Once again, her kind heart makes an appearance. "Very well. You are far more forgiving than I, Isabella. You shall make a fine, just queen someday. Jane, you are dismissed." I wait for her to take her leave, however, the fire has not left her eyes, and she is still as a statue, staring down her sister. She takes a few, slow, calculated steps toward her, until she is less than an arm's length away. Her words are mumbled, meant only for Isabella's ears. I hear nothing but, "You will regret this." As she turns to leave, I grab her by the arm, turning her to look directly into her eyes. "If you step within a hundred paces of Isabella, I will not hesitate to give you twenty lashes myself. This time, you wronged her. Do it again, and you will be going against my orders, and I am not to be trifled with." She appears to straighten her back when speaking, almost looking and sounding defiant. "Yes, My Lord." She gives her sister one more, fiery look, and then she is gone. I approach her slowly. "Are you well? Did she harm you?" She takes inventory of her injuries. "It would appear that I will be fine. She did not do any lasting damage, My Lord." "Isabella, please use my name. If you have not noticed, we are alone at the moment. May I hold you once more before I escort you to the evening meal?" "Of course, Edward," she responds with a smile, getting one in return as I embrace her. "Thank you, Isabella. Perhaps you need a moment to collect yourself before we are announced?" I ask. Loosening my hold on her, I take a step back. "If you do not mind, yes," she says, reaching up to feel the braids that have come loose during the struggle. Scanning the room, she sees Angela must have left when I arrived. "I think I may need Angela's assistance." "Of course. I shall ask her to return." My kiss to her forehead seems to startle her. Taking my leave, I find Angela, sending her to assist Isabella. Taking the time to collect myself, I pace the passageway, stewing over what has taken place. How dare that vile woman attack her own sister over a betrothal! I haven't even spoken to the girl, and yet she is angry I asked for her sister's hand. If we were in Galon, and she had attacked my intended, I would have had her punished publicly. I put aside thoughts of retribution when Isabella's door opens, Angela stepping into the hallway. "She is ready, Your Highness," she says with a small curtsey. "Thank you, My Lady." My formal address of her brings a small smile to her face, causing her to lower her head in embarrassment. Fully entering the room, I am stunned by Isabella's beauty. I did not notice before, but she has chosen a gown in the colors of my banner, green, corded in gold. She must have seen it flying at our camp from her windows. "Are you ready, My Lady?" I ask my arm extended. "I am, My Lord." Placing her hand in the crook of my outstretched arm, we stand straight as we walk toward our future. When we approach the banquet hall, Isabella and I are announced together. Presented to the King, we greet him with a bow and curtsey. Choosing that moment to announce the betrothal, he rises from his throne, widening his arms. "Ladies and gentlemen of the court, may I have your attention. I am pleased to announce the impending union of Edward, Prince of Galon, House of Cullen to my precious daughter, Isabella. They will be wed here in Adwen in a fortnight. There will be a great feast in their honor, as well as a celebration throughout the entire kingdom. So, please, raise your glasses to help me wish them well. May your marriage be blessed and be fruitful. To Edward and Isabella." "To Edward and Isabella." The voices are heard all over the room, as well as cheers and applause. Nothing can stop the smile that spreads across my face. Isabella is beaming as well. Looking around, everyone is so happy for us. More than likely, they are joyful in knowing the arrangement means that Adwen has been spared from an attack. Noticing the sudden tensing of the lady at my side, I turn to see the angry faces of two people who have quickly become our adversaries. Her sister, Jane, and, to her left, the furious knight who has forever lost the chance to make this amazing creature at my side his wife. Trying to calm Isabella's anxiety, I offer what I hope is a genuine smile, bringing her hand once again to my lips. I try to convey my promise with my eyes that we shall one day have a blessed life, full of love and happiness. I may have taken dominion over her kingdom, yet I cannot help but think it is she that has dominion over my heart.