been married at St John's Church in a small ceremony, with Emmett and Rosalie as witnesses. Bela had asked Rosalie about the wedding earlier and learnt her vows so she would not make a mistake. Hearing her speak them in her sweet voice, Edward knew he was truly the happiest man alive. And when the priest declared them husband and wife, he was filled with sweet relief. Bela belonged to him, and he to her, and nobody could change that. The memory of their first night together always brought a smile to Edward's lips. He had expected Bela to be shy about letting him see her unclothed, which she was, so he had agreed to extinguish the lamp in the room. Luckily she was not as bashful about letting him kiss and touch her, probably because she already had had a taste of that and liked it very much. Even though Edward was by no means an expert in making love, he knew enough to give them a good beginning. More importantly, he loved her and wanted to make her happy in every way, and Bela trusted him enough to let him. Once she was more comfortable with her body, she became curious about his, becoming his partner in the discovery of mutual pleasure. Edward felt as if he had reached heaven. Emmett suggested that they move to Shimla, deeming it a better place for him and Bela. It was far away from Calcutta, so there would be no curious eyes, nothing to explain or fear. They would have complete freedom, a completely new life. It would not be easy, but it would be worth it. It proved to be a good move. Edward established himself quickly in the small town that was growing rapidly and becoming a favourite of Europeans due to its moderate summers and scenic location. He was sure that its growth would continue unhindered in the future as well. Rosalie had introduced Bela to the blouse, and Bela took to wearing it with sari when they had to go out for grocery shopping or visiting, or just ambling on the Mall Road. However, when they were home and not expecting company, she preferred to wear her sari as she used to before, at least during the summer. As Edward found it of great advantage to him, he did not comment on it. And that was how he found her in the kitchen, her bare shoulder and partially uncovered back tantalising him. As was her habit, she had taken her morning bath and was busy at the stove making porridge. The way her body swayed gently while she hummed a song almost made Edward forget his purpose for a moment. Then he smiled and stepped closer, and embraced her from behind. Bela jumped a little but then returned his smile and continued stirring the porridge. Edward thought her smile held a special contentment that morning. "My love, do you remember what is today?" he asked, dropping a kiss on her shoulder. Bela removed the porridge and put a kettle full of water on the stove. Then she turned to him, face flushed with the heat of the stove. Her forehead wrinkled with thought. "What is it?" "It is the day when you came into my life again, when I knew that nobody would take you from me because you were free to marry me." "The day you saved my life—twice," nodded Bela, remembering. Edward sighed. "The only regret I had that day was I would not be able to give you the life you were used to as the daughter of a zamindar —no mahal to live in, no fine clothes to wear…Indeed, life has been hard for you since we moved here." Bela placed her hand on his mouth. "What did being the daughter of a zamindar give me, Edward? Either I would have spent my life at my father's house, seeing my husband once every few years or I would have died with him. You have given me a new life, one I love. I will forever be grateful to you!" Edward kissed her palm tenderly. "And I am grateful to you for completing my life. However, I have been wanting to give something to you, and today is the perfect day for it. Turn around, please." He took out a slender box from the inner pocket of his loose shirt and opened it. It held a gold necklace, not heavy but very pretty, and placed it around Bela's throat. Bela saw its reflection in the kettle and gasped. "Oh Edward, this is beautiful! Thank you!" She touched it reverently. "When did you—" 'I ordered it from Delhi last month. It arrived two days ago." Edward turned her so he could see his gift on her. "This is the first time I have bought something pretty for you, my wife. I am glad that you like my little surprise." Bela smiled shyly. "Well, I have a surprise for you too. I hope it will make you happy." "You do?" Edward's brow wrinkled, wondering how she could have got something for him without him knowing. "What is it?" Bela took his hand and placed it on her stomach. "You are going to be a father," she whispered. "Really?" he whispered back, awe written on his face. "Really." Edward picked her up and kissed her, his heart bursting with happiness. "Oh Bela, Bela, my love, my life. Thank you Lord, thank you!" The kettle whistled cheerfully. Footnote: Zamindar: Landlord of several villages in Colonial India Chandra: Moon Madhab: A name of Krishna Radha: Krishna's love Rani: Queen (Used as part of a name for Indian women) Bela: Jasmine flower Mohini: One who charms or enchants Ghomta: Part of sari pulled over one's face Sati mayer joy: Praise for the pure woman Chaman: Garden Gora saheb: Literally, a man with fair skin, a Caucasian. In colonial India, it usually meant a British man Memsaheb: British or Caucasian woman