to give Roy Hale more of a chance, it might be fair to say that that was part of the problem all along. Then again, I was not so inclined and neither was anyone else. He asked her, sitting out on the porch one day when he come up the walk after work like he'd been doing for weeks, if they would come with him to Knoxville when she was well. I could hear him through the kitchen window. I never heard her say nothing, but I heard her crying, and I guess that was answer enough. Rosalie and I worked on stitching baby clothes through the winter weekends in mine and Edward's place as I began to show. Her arm was not quite as strong as it had once been. There was a lump at the elbow that would not smooth out but she was fit as a fiddle otherwise. I had finally stopped vomucking every hour on the hour since my second term had started but I was up a lot more, reaching for the pan to ease my bladder. Our new wood floor was cold but the rugs I'd made helped some. I heard the car before I saw the light coming up the path. Edward had sat up in bed and motioned me behind, taking his gun out from the edge of the bed and waiting. Emmett didn't knock. He come through the door wild-eyed with some of the buttons missing on his white shirt, which was covered in blood. "I need you," he said, reaching for Edward's coat and hat on the pegs by the door. "We got trouble." Edward was already swinging his long-johned legs into his britches. "Rosalie? Jasper?" Emmett breathed like a train, pacing back and forth three feet each way. He had spit at the corners of his mouth and his black hair was wild as a crow. "No. They're safe at home. We went for him up there…and he…I kilt him. Hale. We've got to go, Edward. Right now. We've got to move 'em." Edward tied his boots lickety split and handed me the gun. "Don't open that door for no man but Pa, ya h'yer?" I nodded, mute. They went off into the howling cold and snow, bringing in the end of the first month of 1935 with a murder. … Funny thing is, nobody misses the devil when he ain't around. There was talk of Roy running from the coppers, afeared that he'd kilt Rosalie, or even a drunken mishap at the cabin but then his body never did turn up. There was some question when Rosalie applied for the proper papers to enable her to remarry but Emmett's friend, Jacob Black, and Jacob's lawyer father handled that quick-like on her behalf. We were secret keepers in and around Norris as the dam went up. We didn't speak of that night. It may have been only a dream but that I could smell the fire still as I had burned three sets of clothes the next day. We had plenty to keep us busy but at night I would lay awake sometimes as the baby kicked and I'd worry. I started to pray for the dam to be done on time, for the water to come and cover our sins, to keep Edward and Emmett and Daddy safe. We drove up the winding road with so many other families more than a year later. Daddy walked ahead after we parked. I watched him go, carrying our young Alice in his arms. Emmett walked to his right holding Jasper's hand. Rosalie was on his left, heavy with child. It was March 4, 1936. They headed toward the platform that was draped in the American flag, but I lagged behind a moment with Edward as President Roosevelt pushed a button far away in the White House to close the eight sluice gates and sound the triumphant siren. When the peal of the alarm and the clapping finally died away, I took Edward's arm and whispered to him. "It's really done now, ain't it? Emmett is safe?" Edward looked out over the dam and his green eyes were nearly as resplendent as the shine of such a beautiful spring day. The dam had cost $36 million to build. At 1,860 feet long, 265 feet high, and 208 feet thick at the base, Senator George Norris has secured a mammoth namesake. By summer, Norris Dam, the project that had changed the course of our lives and forced the relocation of nearly 2,900 other families and some 5,000 graves, would use its two hydroelectric generators to push out the first electric power in the eastern portion of the Tennessee Valley. The lights would come on and light up a secret city not far away in less than half a decade where another great work would once again change the course of our lives and the fate of the entire world. Deep down and low that summer, somewhere under more than seventy-five feet of water as the reservoir filled, was a secret we would always keep. "Where we put him, he won't be found. And soon, there won't be anything left. The fishes will have 'em. But it wasn't Emmett." Edward placed his hand over mine, curled around his arm. He leaned close enough I could smell the woodsy tang of his morning cigarette. "It was Metzger." I thought maybe I wasn't understanding him right. "Daddy? It was Daddy?" "Emmett hesitated. They had planned it together but Em couldn't put him down. Your daddy took care of it like he promised, Izbel. I told you he'd do whatever was needed, come to keeping you 'ins safe." I blinked in the sunshine, being shuffled a bit by the passing of so many people around us as we stood stone still in the crowd. "Good God." Edward leaned down and kissed me while I stood there wide-eyed. "Yes," he said. "Yes, darling, He is good." ~FIN~