pouts, not wanting to be warm apparently. "No need jacket," he says, waving his hand in front of his little face. " Well, mommy says you need one, mister." This makes him giggle, and he waits patiently for me to return. He's out the door the second I get him all bundled up. I smile as I watch him, and hope that this Christmas is enough for him. My dad lives hours away, my mom died when I was a teenager and Jacob's family lives in Florida and I couldn't afford to get a plane ticket for this time of year. So, it's just him and me. He seems to be enjoying himself, but I wish that I could give him so much more. " Mommy, make angel! Mama!" Masen hollers at me, before falling to the ground and moving his arms and legs in the snow to create a snow angel. I take a few photos of him, before dropping to the ground at his side and making snow angels with him. He giggles as he watches me, and abandons his angel to jump on my belly. " I love you, mommy," he says, his rosy face only inches from mine. " I love you too, Masen." I kiss his cheek before pulling him onto my lap and rising with him in my arms. " Down!" He yells as he wiggles his body in my arms. I smile, suppress a laugh, and set him on his feet in front of me. "I run mommy!" With that, he begins to dart around our back yard. "I fast!" I laugh and take my camera out of my pocket to snap a few more pictures of him. He begins to run my way with a huge smile on his freezing face. " Mommy, fast!" He hollers as he darts toward me. "Mommy! Mommy!" "Mommy!" A little body crashes against me, yanking me back to reality. I look down at the little boy who's wrapped around my waist and tears fill my eyes at the sight. Oh, God, I must be dreaming! This can't be real! Maybe I'm dead! God, if I'm dead, please don't make me wake up! "Mommy!" A familiar voice cries with a sob. Tears are coursing down my face and I grow angry, thinking this must be a cruel trick. My exhaustion must have made me absolutely delirious. Edward nudges me, and my eyes dart to meet his. He looks at me in confusion, before a giant, teary smile appears on his face. "Is that him, Bella? Is this Masen?" He sees him too? I take the pocket knife out of my back pocket and prick my palm with it, smiling as I feel the pain and see the blood flow from the wound. I'm not dreaming! Edward looks at me, aghast, before pulling the knife away from me. I drop to my knees to take a closer look at the little boy crying for me. I see his tanned skin, brown eyes, and spiky brown hair and smile as I finally see the face of my little boy. "Masen! Mommy's here," I sob, wrapping my arms around his small frame. "Mommy's here, baby. I'm here and everything is going to be all right." "Mommy," he continues to sob against my neck. "I missed you!" "I know you did, baby. Mommy missed you too! I thought of you every second." "Promise?" He asks, looking up at me with wide, curious eyes. "Of course, baby. I love you so much." "I love you, Mommy," he answers me, as I hug him close to my body. As my tears begin to dissipate, I can finally see the rest of the camp clearly. They are several other small kids that look to have come from Masen's class and a few families and couples. They all seem harmless. Hell, they must be harmless if my son's all right. I don't know how I'll ever be able to properly repay them for what they've done. "Thank you," I say to Jasper, who's hovering with Edward at my side. "You don't have to thank me. We only did what's right. Masen's a wonderful kid." A woman steps forward and puts her hand on Jasper's shoulder. She's petite, with dark, almost black, hair, and bright blue eyes. My stomach drops as my gaze continues down to her body, where her hand rests on top of her pregnant belly. Oh! To be pregnant at a time like this! I try to keep the horrified expression off my face as I meet her gaze once more. "Bella-Edward, this is my wife, Alice. Alice, this is Bella and Edward, I found them while I was making my rounds tonight." She smiles at us both and we reply with a friendly nod. "I'm so glad Masen found you. You've been all he talks about, day and night." I smile, but inside my heart is breaking. I can't imagine my little boy, all alone, asking about where I am. My eyes fill with tears at the thought, but knowing he's safe keeps them at bay. Alice ushers us toward the fire and as I sit with Masen in my lap, listening to people's stories, I forget that the world around us is falling apart. For just a moment, I'm able to pretend that the world is just as it was just a few days ago. I lean back against Edward, who has quickly become my rock in all of this, and rest my head on his sturdy chest. I feel his smile against my hair, and smile as well when he wraps his arms around me. I feel so safe like this. With Edward wrapped comfortably around me, and Masen sitting comfortably on my lap, I feel at peace. In this new world, I know this feeling of peace won't last forever, so I savor it. Letting the contentment I feel put me at ease, if even for just one moment.