forest, Edward. There's a stream at the property's edge. The water is cool and very inviting." I lean over with my hands on my thighs, heavily breathing. Isabella stands across from me, giggling. " Let me catch my wind." " It's exhilarating to run through the labyrinth." " It is good that you know it so well," I huff. " Or we crash into the bushes?" She smiles. I smile looking up at her, "Something like that. Please, take my hand again, so I don't get lost." I extend it to her. She holds my hand. "I would never lose you, Edward." We slowly begin to weave through the maze. " Tell me about your day of not drawing." " Well, I awoke to the sun in my face. I had forgotten to close the draperies. Even though I love the warmth, I truly don't appreciate beams in my eyes." She exaggerates, widely opening her lids. " Did you have another late night, Isabella?" She sighs. "Yes, they were arguing to all hours of the night. I couldn't sleep." " I am truly sorry." I squeeze her hand. " Well, not all of us have the perfect parents." She shrugs. " Things are not always cut in stone." " Yeah, just made of it," she makes light. I wrap her in my arms. " Wow, I fit under your chin," Isabella surprisingly observes. Still holding her close, I speak into her hair, "I would say we are a perfect fit." " Edward, you're my past, present, and future," she mumbles into my chest. " Then, I will marry you someday ... if you will have me." I look into her eyes. " It's more like if you'll have me," she chirps. October 16, 1918 Once again, I open my eyes to my sire. "I don't know where you are going and what you are thinking, but you certainly are having a remarkable time," Carlisle says standing over me. "It is the end of the second day. Soon your heart will begin to accelerate." "Then, what?" "Then, the process will be near completion." "I can hear my heartbeat in my ears. It pounds like a jackhammer." I shiver. "That is expected." "Have you not slept, Carlisle?" I ask "There is no sleep, Edward. Please, reserve your strength, now. You are transitioning." I nod and close my eyes once again. The time seems to waver in and out all through it, I hear loud sounds to soft whispers. I envision bold colors to faded hues, and strong scents to nothing. I hear the flow of water and find myself sitting cross-legged on the edge of a stream watching Isabella wade into the brook. " It's not that cold, Edward. Won't you take your shoes off and join me? I stand to feel the grass between my toes. I lift a foot to show her. "See? No shoes." " Good, now, come to me and stop procrastinating. This will heal you," she insists with her hands on her hips. Again, I find myself staring at her soft skin. And there is plenty showing, as she wears very short shorts and a camisole. With me alone, she becomes very outrageous in her manner of dress or should I say non-dress. " It is only a slight headache. I'm fine," I reassure. I roll my pants to my knees and carefully walk to her. She takes a hand, and dips it into the cool water and places it on my forehead. "Doesn't that feel good?" I close my eyes and savor her touch. "Yes, that does feel good." She dips her hand again, and rubs the back of my neck, then scratches the nape. I roll my head back enjoying her nails. "Would you do that harder?" She stands on a nearby rock to reach the top of my head. " Did you know that where our soft spot was as an infant is our body's pain center?" she informs. " No, I have not heard of that." " I read it in one of my father's medical journals. I thought that to be interesting. Let me try something?" she asks I trust her. "Okay." " But first …" she smiles at me and pulls a pen from her back pocket quickly drawing a small swan on my wrist. "For good luck." I look at the details. "How do you do that so quickly?" " It's a gift." She laughs. I carefully laugh. She begins to rub the center of the top of my head. At first, it is sore and pulling, but then it balances out, and soon the pain is gone." " I believe you just proved a theory." No sooner the words flow from my mouth, pain surges throughout my limbs. I fall into the stream ,and Isabella quickly grabs my arm and guides me slowly to the the grass. I roll onto my back with my eyes shut. " Edward, what's wrong? Please, talk to me. What happened?" I hear her, but I cannot react. My heart beats the same way a hummingbird's wings flutter … in a zigzag motion, fast and furious to a dull, slow skip. My lids open, but I cannot see. I try to hear, but there is no sound. I cannot move or speak. October 17, 1918 In the distance, I faintly hear the echo of someone's voice. "It's all right, Edward, you are past the transition." He stayed … I open my blood red eyes to Carlisle, taking in my surrounding with a clarity I have never known. Everything is magnified a million times; beautiful. Carlisle is still a constant at my side, just as he promised. Looking down, I can see a tiny swan drawn on my wrist. But, it was just a dream. Wasn't it? My only thought is that she does exist, that she is real. For the first time since my transformation, I speak … "I have to find my Isabella."