to be working a lot as I settle into my new position, so I don't want to have to worry about what's happening at my house. I need to know that my kids are safe and are following my rules when I'm not here. It's why Carlisle and Esme's driver will also be coming here to take Rosalie and Jasper to school. If you need the driver for anything specific, you can call and put it on the account." I could tell from how worn out he looked that she had definitely been the source of the few visible grey hairs and plenty of sleepless nights for him recently. "That's understandable, it's a tough city for adults to learn, but they'll adapt to it. Speaking of that, how do you feel about public transportation? I'm asking because while we do use the car service with Charlotte and Tia at times, we usually just take the subway." "How would you handle three to five kids on the subway?" Mr. Cullen asked. "With Alice only being three, I'd use a stroller, there are times in the city when it's easier to have the option to strap them in, especially if we're walking around or playing at the park. She can sit in it when she gets tired and relax the whole way home. The others are old enough to walk without issues; they would just have to stay close and hold hands. But I wouldn't take them on public transportation unless I knew you were okay with it, and if I'm planning something specific, I could always give enough warning so that Jared could drive us." "If you can keep them in check and they are okay on the train then it's okay with me." Mr. Cullen smiled as he gestured for us to take the elevator. "They're probably up on the third floor, so we should introduce you to the kids." The ride was short, and the idea of having the elevator in the house was really neat, and it would help when trying to get three kids and their things down to the main level. We exited the elevator and the sounds of the kids playing in the main room of the floor instantly had me smiling. Tia saw me and dragged me over to where her cousins were playing and I quickly joined in. Looking at them now, Alice and Jasper were both the spitting image of their father, except for Jasper's brown eyes. Alice seemed a little shy, but when we started talking about going to see the turtles at the castle in the park, her face lit up as she told me about all of her princess toys. Jasper was sitting off to the side of the room with a book on dinosaurs and I knew a quick way to get his attention. "Hey Jasper, if you like dinosaurs, we'll have to go see the big exhibit they have at the American Museum of Natural History. They have a bunch of cool exhibits with animals and fish, and they have a planetarium there too." His whole face lit up as he looked between his father and me. "Can we, Dad?" "Sure, that sounds like a lot of fun, maybe Isabella can take you one day," he offered and I looked back up to see him watching us intently. "Great, that means you're sticking us with her," Rosalie groaned, but Edward was already reprimanding her. "We've discussed this, young lady, and there better be a significant shift in your attitude, because she will be your new nanny as soon as you get back from your trip. Isabella," Edward turned to me, "I think we should head down to my office so we can talk a little more." Taking the stairs this time, we headed all the way to the basement, which was the only floor that didn't have elevator service. "Okay, my younger two engaged you, which is more than they've done since the divorce proceedings began, and Rosalie had the anticipated reaction, but she will warm up to you in time. You seem capable of watching over a group that large, and I think with you already working for Carlisle it will be an easy fit. So here is what I'm offering. I need someone here in the mornings to get the kids off to school. As I said, Jared will drive them to school, so you won't have to worry about getting them further than the front door. Alice will be with you during the day and then after school the kids will be dropped off and you'll have all five of them until Esme or Carlisle get the girls and then I come home. "Now, I realize that you'll need to do things during the day when you have Alice, and I respect that, I simply ask that you remember that you have to put her first and keep her from places that a child shouldn't be. Your nights and weekends will be your own unless I ask you to work extra, and if I do there will be compensation for that. All of this is covered in the contract I had drawn up in case this interview worked out, so you can read it over and if you feel the need to adjust anything, let me know." "I will, but could you do me a favor and give me a list of the childrens' allergies and any medical conditions, oh and I'd like a set of your house rules, that way I know what I should be enforcing and what is okay for them to do," I asked and he smirked at me. This was definitely a far cry from the man I met upstairs an hour ago. "Those are in there with the contract. And there's one more thing, and this is important, I'd like you moved in before the kids get back from their visit with their mother in three weeks." What?