ran, laughing uproariously, down the passageway. "Look, Boris, we found one!" "I saw her first!" Iza fled to their compartment, but one man managed to grab her arm before she could close the door. "Let me go!" she shouted in Russian. "My husband is on his way now." "I don't see him yet. Maybe he'll join us." The man abruptly released her with a cry of pain. "Sorry," she heard Eduard say, his voice like ice. "I don't share." Backing into the compartment, Iza watched the four men. She'd never seen Eduard look so dangerous. His eyes were black with anger, and something about him made the other three back away. He looked…inhuman. "You will leave the women on this train alone. Do I make myself clear?" With stuttered apologies, the men hastily made their exit. Eduard stood with his back to Iza, his shoulders still rigid with anger. "Iza, why did you leave our compartment?" he asked, his voice deceptively calm. "I wanted to see the city. I'm sorry, Eduard." He turned to her, still clearly furious. When she took an involuntary step away from him, though, his expression softened. With a heavy sigh, he pinched the bridge of his noise in frustration – a habit left over from his teen years. "Iza, in this city it is legal to rape bourgeois women. They call it part of their 're-education plan'." Those men would have raped you, and if I had tried to stop them I would have been arrested." He finally looked at her, his eyes pained but returning to their usual dark amber. Usual for now. "How am I supposed to protect you when you don't do as I ask?" She couldn't respond to that – he was right. However, from that time on, he made a point of taking her with him. The ten-day journey allowed them plenty of time to talk…really talk. Miraculously, in Vladivostok, they found a Canadian military ship willing to take "Edward Cullen," British citizen, and his wife "Isabella Swan," American, to Victoria, Canada. Swan was, of course, a translation of "Lebedev." Late at night, on the last day before arriving in Vancouver, they finally discussed how they felt about each other. "You love me?" Iza asked incredulously. "I thought…I mean…really?" When Eduard smiled hesitantly and nodded, Iza threw herself into his surprised arms. "I love you too. For so long, Eduard." "But Iza, I need to tell you about what happened to me. Once you know what I've become, you will run away from me." He swallowed. "When we reach Canada, and then America, I will take you to your mother and let you go, if that is what you want me to do." Iza decided to be blunt. "Eduard, you don't eat, you're exceptionally strong, your eyes change colour, and your body is cold and hard. You are now like Carlisle and Esme, but what are you? An angel?" He pulled away from her slowly, not answering her directly. "You probably didn't realize that Carlisle and Esme travelled with my regiment, as a doctor and nurse. They treated hundreds of Imperial Army soldiers - gunshot wounds, frostbite, Then I contracted cholera." Iza gasped, knowing that cholera, for soldiers in those conditions, was essentially a death sentence. "I was dying, and they couldn't bear to see their son leave them so soon. I knew, not long after they adopted me, what they were, and they told me that, when I became an adult, I could make the choice to be changed. When I knew that I was about to die, I told them that I had made my decision." "And they changed you into…" "A vampire. I'm a vampire, Iza." Her eyes widened, but she didn't back away. "What do you eat?" He sat perfectly still. "You mean drink. I drink animal blood, not human. That is why Carlisle, Esme, and I have gold-coloured eyes instead of red, like the human-drinkers have." Iza didn't speak for some time, processing what he told her. Meanwhile, Eduard was watching for signs that she wanted to run away. "So to be with you, I would have to become like you?" Eduard's eyes widened. This clearly wasn't what he expected her to say. "Um…realistically, yes. It doesn't have to be immediately, of course." His face was a mixture of shock and dawning hope. "Please consider what you are saying and thinking. I was planning to court you when I returned from the war, but now…" "You can still court me," she interrupted, shifting nearer to him again. "You can start with a repeat of that Happy New Year kiss." Eduard laughed. "Yes, ma'am." A few minutes later, Iza was sitting contentedly in Eduard's arms. "That was much better than the Happy New Year kiss," she teased. "Your kissing skills have improved." "Then we should keep practicing," he responded with a grin. "However, we need to be careful. This is not the best place to get carried away." The next morning, they disembarked and met Esme and Carlisle, who were travelling on their own British passports. While waiting in customs, they listened to a small group of Russian émigrés speaking in French. "There is a settlement of Russians here," one man was saying. "We will stay until the civil war ends, then return to our normal lives." The others agreed. After all, it couldn't take that long. "They won't be able to go back, will they?" Iza asked. " Just like we won't." "They may be able to return," responded Carlisle sadly, "But it won't be the same Russia. Their Russia is already gone." Iza looked up at the young man standing closely beside her. "Papa was right," she said. "Look forward, never back, and remember only the happy times." NOTES: Dyadya = uncle Tetye = aunt Iza, Izochka = diminutives of Izabella A patronymic essentially means "son of" or "daughter of." For example, "Karolovna" is "daughter of Karol," and "Vasilievich" is "son of Vasili." 1