the news I had to deliver was not more favorable." Edward shifted in his seat and nodded. "If I may ask. You were very…affected. Was your intended among those lost?" Intended? His brow knitted. He had never thought about anything of the sort. He only knew Mama and Bella. Then there were others—housekeepers, shopgirls, and classmates Edward barely paid notice to. Traversing the Parisian city streets, he'd made a habit of keeping his eyes downcast. His master had implored him to portray himself as a white man, but he was never comfortable denying himself. Therefore, he kept himself guarded and closed off from all others. With Carlisle, Edward was at ease and felt no need to hide. "Those whom I care for more than all else in the world perished there, yes. But I had no intended. I was but twelve when my master came to claim me." Carlisle's eyebrows shot up into his hair at Edward's revelation. "I am Negro, Dr. Cullen—an educated, free man of color." Edward pulled his papers from his breast pocket. Carlisle looked them over with great interest, opening and closing his mouth as question upon question surfaced, but a crowded boat was not the place for such a discussion. He slid the papers back to Edward and patted him on the shoulder. "All is well, young friend. All is well. However, I would be most interested in learning more of your experience." Edward nodded in agreement. It was of no consequence should Carlisle decide to part company. Both men had more than enough money and ability to manage separately. Although, Edward would miss the other man's companionship. Yes, they would speak once they had settled at their boarding house. Seattle seemed to expand with every step the men took away from the port. A young settlement, it grew by leaps and bounds every day. The scene was chaotic. The din of a multitude of tongues clashing—each one shouting over the other in a desperate attempt to be understood—was deafening. Continuing their deferred conversation was next to impossible. The two men climbed the hill toward the center of town and turned down a blessedly quiet street where, instead of competing languages, children's laughter filled the air. Well-appointed homes dotted the lane, with expansive green space between them. Edward nodded his approval. This was a far cry from the chaos of London or Paris. They climbed the stairs to a large home, which sat on a corner lot. An empty porch swing swayed in the breeze. Edward felt at once at peace in the familiar setting. "This is very much like the home I served in as a child," he said with a smile. Carlisle looked at the young man curiously. What he knew of Negroes in servitude would never conjure fond memories. "You were treated well, then?" Edward scoffed and pulled the handle for the bell. "I was well cared for. Those were the happiest times of my life." A lovely woman with a soft, kind face opened the door to greet them. "You must be Doctors Cullen and Masen. Please, come in." Removing their hats, the men crossed the threshold. "Thank you for your hospitality, Mrs. Platt," Edward offered, after noticing his companion seemed to be suddenly tongue-tied. "Well, we'll see how hospitable you believe me to be, young sir. I have a mess of firewood that needs to be chopped, and other repairs about the house. Since my niece and her husband moved into their own home, I have been without help," she confessed. Becoming aware that he was being rude, Carlisle jumped into the conversation. "I am sorry about the loss of your husband, Mrs. Platt." She shrugged her shoulder in a gesture the men found peculiar. "No real loss there," she said under her breath, and placed their hats on the coat tree in the entry. "Come. Let me show you to your rooms." The men followed her up the stairs. "Breakfast and supper are at seven. There is a Negro woman who will do your wash for a fair price. She comes by on Wednesdays. Just leave your bundles outside your door before you leave for the day. You'll have freshly starched shirts waiting for you by Friday afternoon." "That sounds fine, Mrs. Platt. Thank you." Edward nodded in appreciation as she opened his bedroom door for him. "It's Esme, dear," she said in a matronly tone, gently patting his quickly pinking cheek. Edward and Carlisle never finished their discussion. Both weary from their travels, they collapsed onto their beds and did not stir for the better part of the next day. But there would be no time for dallying, as the men were set to begin work at the small medical clinic that had been left vacant after tuberculosis had claimed the previous practitioner. Removing their jackets, the men rolled up the sleeves on their dress shirts and set about tidying the office. Edward had gone to inventory the back storeroom while Carlisle was busy clearing the exam room of cobwebs and dust, when the bell clanged. "'Mornin'," a woman called, with a soft, southern drawl. "We were just passin' by and saw the place all opened up. Thought we'd say hello." Carlisle stilled his broom to greet his visitors, extending his hand to the young woman and her companion. "Welcome, Dr. Cullen. We are in desperate need of your services. Our prayers have been answered, that's for sure," she said, with great enthusiasm. "Well, I'd better get on to the schoolhouse, and Lizzie here's got a cake to deliver to Miss Esme." Carlisle stood stunned at the young woman's rapid-fire tongue. She'd scarcely taken a breath. The Negro woman stood silently beside her, offering Carlisle a timid smile before they turned out the door just as fast as they had appeared. He followed down the few steps after them, asking the girl her name. "Bella," she called behind her, moving rapidly up the dusty road. "Bella Swan." ####