what happened to her. Geezer thought I put out a hit on his father. Wanted justice or some shit." He chuckled. "Did you?" "Does it matter? That was twenty years ago." I shifted. "And what about Bella?" "Bella?" he asked. "She told you her name?" I didn't respond. Carlisle would never know just how much of a gift she really was. Bella wasn't his precious cargo; he couldn't have cared less what happened to her after. She meant as much to him now as she did then, which meant she could be wasted. "What are you going to do with her?" I asked, trying to control the slight tremble in my voice. My body was alive with anxiety—adrenaline pumping through my arms and legs. He was silent for a few moments. "We have to have this conversation right this minute?" It occurred to me then that he wouldn't say outright what he had planned for a reason. He already knew. "Let me take care of it," I whispered, although keeping my voice strong with conviction. "I can—" "Are you kidding me?" he asked, cutting me off with a laugh. "You've lost your mind, kid. I don't think so. You've done enough for me, thanks for your help." I held back a frustrated groan, trying to hold my panic at bay. He'd lost his fucking mind and now I was the crazy one. "Just trust me on this, please," I asked, begging and pleading with him with my voice. It was growing low with desperation. "I can take care of everything, it'll be like …" I swallowed thickly. "It'll be like she never existed." He was silent. I was ready to hang up the phone and tell Bella to run as far from St. Louis as quickly as she could. There was no getting out of this alive. "Fine," he finally said. "I'll trust you on this, but I need you to do whatever the fuck you have to do quickly. Anyone finds out and we'll be put away for life." I held back a sigh of relief, unwilling to allow him to believe I had feelings—felt something— for this girl. "Okay," I promised. My eyes moved to the bedroom and I caught a glimpse of Bella in the vanity mirror. She was changing into one of my academy shirts. I swallowed thickly, quickly forming a plan in my head. "I've got it. Bye." I set the phone on its hook and walked back to the bedroom, inching open the door to find her pulling her hair out from under my shirt. She looked over her shoulder and sent me a smile, something that made my stomach spin. It was a welcoming smile—a safe-and-sound and putting-all-my-trust-in-you smile. "What is it?" she asked, either oblivious to my distress or pretending not to notice. I hesitated briefly, unsure how to begin, and definitely not sure how to tell her that her father was dead. "Your mother … where does she live?" She blinked at me, crossing her arms over her chest in confusion. "Um … Illinois. Why?" "That's too close," I murmured, more to myself than her. I looked at her and sighed. "If you could leave right now and go anywhere you wanted, where would you choose to go?" Her eyes narrowed, evidently taking the hint. "Um …" She took a nervous breath. "Uh, I don't know. I guess I'd want to go to California." I laughed, again, because it was so easy to do, effortless even. Such a short, typical response. Predictable, and yet I didn't expect it coming from her. "And St. Louis?" I asked. She glanced at me, still seeming nervous but no longer uncertain. "There's nothing left for me here," she whispered. "So, what now? You have to take me away, or else …" Of course, she knew. She was a fucking kid, but not stupid. I didn't answer, seeing as she'd already figured that out for herself. "What if …" She looked up at me, hesitating. "What if I promised not to tell anybody? About the kidnapping, whatever you did with Charlie … I don't care about any of it." I couldn't have been more confused. "Why wouldn't you?" I asked in disbelief. "I know you say you don't care about Charlie, I believe you, but where's the self-preservation and all that bullshit? Don't you care about what happens to you? Doesn't this scare the fuck out of you?" I hadn't realized that I'd taken three steps toward her, unintentionally backing her against the wall. She blinked, and for a moment, I actually saw fear in her eyes. "No," she answered in a small whisper, blinking rapidly as she stared up at me. I furrowed my brows. "Why?" She gazed back at me, a flash of determination crossing her eyes. "You won't hurt me … You won't let anything happen to me, Edward. I saw it the first time you saved me from the van — you're not going to let me die." I laughed, almost bitterly. "Saved you—" Her lips pressing against mine in a feverish kiss cut me off abruptly. Taken by surprise, I stumbled back a foot, simultaneously wrapping my hand around her forearm to hold her still and keep us grounded. My lips were still glued firmly to hers, the hand on her forearm growing firmer, possessive. My hands went straight to her hair, loving and fucking hating this at the same time. I loved the feel of her lips against mine, molten lava hot, slick and warm, and sexy as hell. I hated that I reacted just as strongly, that I had no idea whether or not she legitimately wanted this or she was doing it as a distraction. When I pulled away, I found her opening her eyes, gazing up at me dazedly. "You're right," I admitted, because she was. "I'm not going to let anything happen to you." And I wouldn't. She wasn't his precious cargo anymore. She was mine.