hers. Expecting his scorn, she was taken aback by his cordial, even flirtatious manner. Wearing a facade of indifference, she simply nodded in return. "Not talking today, Kitten? Or just not talking to me?" Ugh. He's just as infuriating as ever. Isabella fumed as he stood across from her with a smirk on his face. "Sorry, Cullen. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings," she finally replied. "I'm just too focused on wiping this court with your ass for chit-chat." "Whatever you say, sweetheart," he chuckled, before jogging back to his end of the court. The best of three sets match lasted two hours and twenty-four minutes. Isabella and Edward played with fierce determination, pouring their hearts into their performances. Edward took the first set, dominating the net with both his serve and his volley. During the second set, Isabella squashed Edward, running him around the baseline to the point of near exhaustion. But in the end, it was Edward who claimed the overall victory, winning the final set after Isabella double-faulted on match point. As Edward made his way to the stage, he scanned the crowd trying to find Isabella. The last time he had seen her was when she had offered her congratulations at the end of his winning set. He had planned to speak with her immediately after the match, but the crowd had quickly descended. Reporters had asked questions, fans had sought autographs, and the sponsors had wanted publicity shots. By the time he made it back to the locker room, she was already gone. When he approached the microphone stand, award in hand, he finally found her. She stood at the back of the room, a drink in hand, watching him intently. God, she was so beautiful. Unlike the first night he met her, tonight she wore her hair down. His fingers itched to run through the long graceful waves that cascaded down her back. Her pale blue dress accentuated every curve of her body. Its simple thin straps highlighted her slender, toned arms. She wore little makeup. With a face like hers, there wasn't any need. When his eyes met hers, she didn't look away; her gaze remained locked on his. Those damn, toffee eyes. They had been the first thing he had noticed about her. It was cliché, but they truly were a window to her soul. One glimpse into them, and he had a good indication of what she was feeling. Staring into them now, he had confirmation enough that he was making the right decision. He began his speech. "Hello. Thank you, for giving me this opportunity to speak tonight," he paused for a moment's reflection. "If you've ever heard me give an acceptance speech before, you know I'm not known for deviating from the one I usually give." The crowd responded with a round of laughter. "Tonight, however, I don't plan to say any of those things. When the match between Isabella Swan and I was first proposed several months ago, I will be frank, I thought it was a complete joke. In my mind, there was no way a female player could compete against any male player, let alone me," he grimaced, in embarrassment, before continuing. "Hell, I thought it wouldn't even be a fair challenge. Well, you all know after today's match, particularly that second set, how profoundly wrong I was." After the crowd's chuckles had dissipated, he said, "When I began this journey, I knew the women players were making a lower payout than the men. What I didn't know, though, was how much the difference was. And to be honest, I really didn't care. Foolishly, I believed they shouldn't earn as much as the men do because men work harder, play harder. Anyone who saw Isabella Swan play today recognizes that is the furthest thing from the truth," he paused, looking her way. "Women players work just as hard, if not harder than the men, and what they are earning … well, in all honesty, it's disgraceful," he hesitated, before continuing, "because not only is this a matter of equal pay, but it's also a matter of equal recognition. And that's why I can't accept this trophy or the cash prize tonight." He set the award down at his feet before resuming, "It represents something I don't believe in and can't endorse any longer. "And… " Edward went on, interrupting the buzz of the crowd, "if you will indulge me, I need to say one more thing. For the past ten years, I thought I had everything I could ever want in my life. Money, fame, and yes, even women," he winced as he ran a hand through his hair. "I was convinced I had it all … but I was wrong, so incredibly wrong. Because you see, I have met the most brilliant, beautiful, and often times, exasperating woman who has helped me realize how lacking my life has truly been. Now, I just pray that she can forgive all the stupid shit I've ever done and said since I've met her," he explained, before adding with a dry laugh, "and believe me, there's a lot to forgive." Staring directly at Isabella, who had tears flowing down both cheeks, he whispered, "Kitten, please give us a chance." One Year Later "Here you go. One turkey, ham, and roast beef sandwich. Made just the way you like it." "Did you remember the mayonnaise?" "Yes, I remembered the mayonnaise." "Provolone cheese, not Swiss?" "Provolone cheese, not Swiss. And, by the way, I only mixed those two up that one time, when are you going to get over it?" Taking a bite of the sandwich, Isabella moaned, "Fuck, this is so good!" After she swallowed, she turned to him and added with an impish grin, "It's almost like you were born to make sandwiches." Edward chuckled before brushing a kiss on the corner of her mouth. "You know me … anything to keep my woman happy." The End