woman or small children." "That sounds lovely, thank you." I pecked his lips. He beamed at the praise. "Is there anythin' else yer heart desires, love." "I could use some undergarments. The gowns are lovely, but I feel underdressed." I blushed. "I rather like ye this way." His hand slipped under his shirt, and his fingers rubbed my flesh. "Thou, I should punish the boy for seein' ye." My face reddened as I squirmed in his lap. "He never looked up from his feet. You are right though, it would hardly be appropriate if your crew saw me this way." His smile dropped, and his eyes hardened. "Aye, me men will never see ye dressed like this or in yer gowns. If ye are on deck, ye be wearin' long clothes like the rest of them." "Men's clothes." I blinked in surprise. "Aye. If we are ever under attack, it would be best for yer safety if they didn't know ye are a woman. Me men are under orders not to touch ye, but scallywags won't abide by that." The look on his face scared me. I shivered and huddled closer to him. "Calm yerself, love, I will protect ye until me dyin' breath, as would me brother and me cousin. Ye met Emmett and Jasper last night." Edward's arms wrapped around me tightly and gave me a squeeze. "Come now, I have a present for ye." He picked me up and carried me back to the wardrobe. He opened it and gestured to the garments. I wordlessly chose a deep blue one and changed into it with little help from Edward. "Better. Ye look like a lady, as ye should." He kissed my hand. He knelt next to a chest and removed a key from his neck, unlocking it. Inside, gold coins and jewelry filled the box. "Oh…" I gasped never seeing anything quite like it before. Edward winked at me as his hand dug through the loot before clutching something and pulling it from the depths of the chest. He stood in front of me holding a breathtaking Saphire necklace. "Edward, that is beautiful." I was awed, I raised my hand to touch it, but he held it out of my reach. "It barely holds a candle to yer beauty, love." He gave me a boyish grin. "I been thinkin' over what ye said, and I made a decision. Now no interruptin' me." I nodded and waited patiently for him. "I wasn't all that truthful about pirates taken wives of their own. It has been done before, Blackbeard, himself, has been rumored to be married," he said. "Does this mean…" I bit my lip sheepishly when he gave me a stern look. He shook his head and chuckled. "I am not gettin' on one knee before ye. I think we both know what yer answer will be. Hence as captain, I am able to perform the ceremony meself." He grinned. My heart fluttered in my chest and started to race. He took my left hand in his, and gave it a gentle squeeze. "Isabella Marie Swan, will thou wear this necklace as a symbol that ye take this filthy pirate who stands before ye as yer husband—to love and cherish above all, until yer dyin' day." "I do." I beamed. He slipped the necklace over my head; the gem rested on my bosom and sparkled in the dim light. "I, Captain Edward Anthony Cullen, take ye, me most valuable treasure, as me wife. I vow to love and cherish ye til me dyin' breath. I now pronounce us married." He winked at me. He pulled me into his arms and kissed me passionately. I heard his pants drop to the floor as he hiked up my dress. My back was pressed up against the wardrobe as we began to consummate our marriage until sunset that evening. Epilogue I spent many years together with my filthy pirate; our home filled with several children, love, and laughter. Edward made sure to give me my every heart's desire, and I was never left wanting for anything. Two of our boys became pirates like their father and his father before him. Edward retired to a quiet life with me, twenty years to the day we were married. The End Pirate terminology/slang: Ye- You, Yer-your Me-my (occasionally) Draught- The amount taken in by a single act of drinking. The drawing of a liquid, as from a cask or keg. Bilge rat- A rat living in the bilge of a ship. It is considered the lowliest creature by pirates, but many pirates take to eating the animals to survive. Or an insulting name given by a pirate. Spirits- alcoholic beverages; particularly distilled liquor. Loaded to the gunnels or gunwalls- To be drunk. Stays- were the essential foundation garment of the 18th century. Later named corsets in 19thcentury. Shift- Stays were the essential foundation garment of the 18th century. Hardtack- A hard biscuit or bread made from flour and water baked into a moisture-free rock to prevent spoilage; a pirate ships staple. Hardtack has to be broken into small pieces or soaked in water before eaten. Swab-To clean, specifically the deck of a ship. Or a disrespectful term for a seaman. Keehaul -To punish someone by dragging them under a ship, across the keel where barnacles would build up, until near-death or death. Both pirates and the Royal Navy were fond of this practice. Powder Monkey - These boys, usually no older than 12-13 years, were forced to perform most dangerous work on a ship. They were treated harshly, rarely paid and were expendable. Powder Monkeys had little hope of promotion, were often deserting. Long clothes- A style of clothing best suited to land. A pirate, or any sailor, doesn't have the luxury of wearing anything loose that might get in the way whilst climbing up riggings. Landsmen, by contrast, could adorn themselves with baggy pants, coats, and stockings. Scallywags- A villainous or mischievous person.