his cheeks. He took a sip from his coffee cup then lowered it. Swirling it in his hand, he seemed mesmerized by the movement of the liquid inside as he asked, "Where did you go?" I observed him quietly for several seconds before he looked up at me once again. Once again, I was worried about my response to this question, knowing it would either anger him, or reveal his indifference. For some reason, I preferred the anger. "I found a place to stay just outside of town," was my initial reply. When he remained silent and lifted a brow in challenge, I dropped my eyes to my empty plate and answered fully, "I stayed in an abandoned lean-to in a grove of apple trees. It provided some shelter from the wind, and a dry place to sleep." When I glanced back up, I found his head bowed, his brow furrowed and his eyes tightly shut. The muscle in his jaw ticked furiously as he exhaled loudly through his nose. After several minutes, his head lifted, and his eyes found mine. His piercing gaze was much more intense than it appeared on the street, and I felt the oddest sensation well up inside of me, as though I somehow recognized that intensity. My stomach seemed to flip, and I worried that perhaps I had eaten too much, too quickly. "Miss Swan … Bella... I must make a confession. I feel a strong need to care for you; to protect you, ever since the night of your father's murder when I came along and found you alone with his body. It's unthinkable to me that you have no place to lay your head, and the worry I have been under since you left the clinic has been almost unbearable. Five days with no word from you … the idea of you out there, alone …" I was certain that he continued to speak, but I was too focused on what he had just said to hear anything beyond that. Did he say that he wanted to care for, and protect meand that he was worried? Even Pa had never expressed words so full of emotion. "Bella?" his hand waving in front of my eyes broke me from my thoughts. "I'm sorry, what were you saying?" I asked, positive that I looked as confused as I felt in that moment. "I asked if you had any family that I could contact for you." "I have an aunt, but she wasn't on speaking terms with my parents, and I've never met her. I'm not even sure of her surname." If my revelation bothered him, he masked it well. Smiling at me, he nodded and leaned back in his chair, "Well then, I have a proposition for you. I need to employ a responsible, young woman, to care for my home. She will need to prepare meals, keep the house clean, and occasionally assist in the clinic." He paused, as he waited for my riposte. I grinned and shook my head, "I think you want a wife, Dr. Cullen." "Perhaps, Miss Swan, but not just yet," he returned my grin and winked at me. "What do you think? I will pay you fair wages, and provide a place for you to live. You can take your meals with me … keep me company … and I can watch over you." I surveyed him for a moment as he waited for my answer. He seemed in earnest, but I realized that the only thing I knew of him was his name and profession. "I know nothing of you, Dr. Cullen. How am I to know you are any safer than the man we left standing in the street this morning?" Dr. Cullen dropped his gaze to the table, frowning for a moment before clearing his throat. When his eyes met mine, they were blazing with an intensity I had never seen. "My name is Edward, and I prefer that to Dr. Cullen, at least from your lips," his eyes dropped to my mouth for a moment before returning to hold my gaze once again. "I moved here from Chicago just over a year ago. My parents still live there, as does my sister and her husband. I enjoy the challenges life in Maxwell brings me, and have no desire to live in the big city again, as I am quite content to care for the good people here. I have never had a wife or children, and will be twenty nine on my next birthday." He placed some money on the table before he stood and offered his hand, "Now you know more about me than anyone in town, Bella. If you are amenable, I'd like to show you to your new home and let you get settled … and I'd like for the two of us to get to know each other better . I realize this offer comes as a surprise, but I think the arrangement will help you get acclimated to Maxwell, and get you on your feet. And it will provide me with a meal and good company when I arrive home after a long day of work." "I truly believe this will be good for the both of us, Bella." I gasped at the familiarity of his words. I was sure I had heard him speak them before, but couldn't remember where. Glancing at his outstretched hand, I knew in my heart I could trust him. He would be good to me; I felt sure of it. I could still make my own way, but maybe we could do it together, and at the very least I would have a friend. I think Pa would approve of Dr. Cullen as a friend for me here in Maxwell. Smiling shyly, I grasped his hand, effectively accepting his offer, as his words echoed in my mind. " I'll take care of you. This will be good for the both of us, Bella."