"For hire?" "Hire? No! I mean…" He growled in frustration. "Let me try this again. Is there anything magical about you stopping in Chicago?" She shook her head. "Would you be amenable to changing your destination to, say, perhaps, Washington?" "Washington?" She said the name slowly, rolling it around in her head. She had no idea where that was, but then, she barely had any concept of Chicago a week ago. "I find you intriguing, Miss Bella. I would like nothing more than to learn more about you. Four days is not enough. So, I am proposing a longer courtship, if you are amenable. I will purchase a ticket for you to accompany me to Washington. I believe Jasper is speaking to Alice at this moment, making her a similar offer. If, by the time we reach Washington, you decide you never want to see me again, I will do everything in my power to procure you a position of your liking or purchase you a ticket wherever you wish to go. But, I would like to explore the option of a more permanent relationship." Bella was overwhelmed at the offer, and her face revealed to him that fact. She was going to turn him down, he was certain. "What about Anthony?" she murmured in a small voice. She had already decided to keep the boy, not as her child, but perhaps as a brother. She could not bear the thought of sending him back to New York and the Foundling Hospital nor could she accept the notion of him being placed with another, potentially harmful family. "Anthony?" Edward had not thought of what was going to happen to the boy. One look at Bella's face told him she was not going to abandon the child, making him care for her even more. "Yes, of course. I would be honored to ask his permission to court his sister." She stared at him a few moments before a slow smile crept over her face. "And I would be honored to accept your offer." "Bella!" She jolted awake, discovering she had once again fallen asleep in a bright, sunny spot in the sitting room, her sewing in her lap. "There you are!" Bella turned to see Anthony standing in the doorway, a string of fish in one hand and a triumphant smile on his face. "Were you sleeping again?" "I must have just dozed off." She straightened herself, lightly touching her hair to see if it had fallen out of place. "Sunny days are too rare to be doing that." Anthony headed for the kitchen to prepare his catch for supper. Left to her own devices, Bella slumped back in her chair, her breathing smooth and peaceful as she fell back asleep. The clomp of boots on wood floors woke her up quick enough. "Wife! I brought company!" Bella jumped to her feet, tossing aside her stitchery and made her way to the door. There stood Edward with bags in hand and a travel-weary Father Cullen and Miss Esme. "You made it before the fall!" Bella exclaimed, remembering the last letter she had received from them. They had hoped to leave New York in August but responsibilities had delayed their departure. After Chicago, Father Cullen and Miss Esme returned to New York to deliver the contributions they had received. The Sisters of Mercy were ever so grateful and had offered a membership on the board of trustees to Father Cullen which he had accepted. Together, the two improved conditions for future Mercy Trains, vetting potential parents in a more orderly fashion with the hope of preventing future incidents like that which happened to young Anthony. Anthony remained with Bella, absorbing English at a phenomenal rate once given a chance to learn without fear of being beaten. Now, at the age of twelve, he looked forward to finishing school and learning a trade. His love of the water and natural talent as a fisherman led Bella to believe he soon would follow Alice and Father Jasper to Port Angeles where they served a small but growing congregation. Bella hugged Esme who held on just a moment longer than necessary. She pulled back with a questioning look. "Does he know?" Esme whispered after making certain the men were distracted. "Know?" "Bella, I worked in a birthing hospital for ten years. I know the look." Bella blushed. She had suspected, but had not visited a doctor to confirm her suspicions. "Not yet." "Carlisle?" Esme straightened and picked up her bag. "Yes, Mrs. Cullen?" "I believe I need to freshen up." "Go right ahead." He turned back to Edward to reengage him in conversation. "And I need your assistance." Carlisle gazed at his wife with confusion, but after the look she gave him, realized he had best make his way upstairs. Once the guests departed, Edward turned to his bride and pulled her close for a welcome home kiss. "Good day?" he asked as she took his hat and hung it on a hook. "Good nap," Bella replied with a chuckle. "Are you sure you don't need to see the doctor?" He put his arms around her waist and held her close. Her exhaustion was growing more and more frequent, and he was becoming concerned. "No, I think I know what is causing it." "I see. And?" She took a deep breath before responding. "Edward, what is the Gaelic word for mercy?" "Mercy? Trócaire. " "Is it ever used as a name?" "Not that I know of. Why?" "I was just wondering if it would be a good name should our baby be a girl." He looked down at her in stunned silence. "Baby?" She nodded as the smile on his face grew. The next thing Bella knew, she was being spun around as Edward laughed with glee. "Thank you, merciful Father, for the Mercy train that brought us together. I dunno what I'd do without." Bella laughed in complete agreement with her beloved's joy. "Amen."