one for me. Please marry me tomorrow." I beg. "Of course, I will marry you!" She jumps into my arms catching me off balance. I catch her and without hesitation merge my lips to hers. Isabella My new home at Chatsworth Castle is magnificent. It is a grand old castle that has been in the Masen family for centuries. The windowsills are covered with a thin layer of gold. . The vast, ornately painted entry hall greets us as we arrive. There are over one hundred opulent rooms throughout the castle, each decorated to showcase the grandeur. The grounds are just as elegant; sixteen hundred species of trees, seventy sculptures and a nine-hundred-foot long pond that is built higher than the lawn behind it so that the house appears to be floating on glassy water. It is very overwhelming even with Edward by my side. Edward, my husband. I lie back waiting for my husband to join me for our first night as husband and wife. We have indeed been married three days, but we have traveled the entire time to Devonshire. We left London after the wedding breakfast. However, we did stop in to pay Rosalie and Emmett a visit. A sound coming from the dressing room catches my attention and I turn to find my husband entering. Our eyes lock and he strolls over to the bed. He is a glorious specimen of a man. He wears nothing but his long shirt and my eyes greedily take in his form. He slips into the bed eyeing me hungrily. Pulling the cover back, he takes in the sheer chemise I am wearing. Mother Es presented it to me as a wedding gift. I dare say he must like it because he cannot stop staring. "You are beautiful, my Duchess," he says as he sweeps down and takes my lips. We move as one as if we have always been so intimate with one another. Edward's fingers ghost over my leg causing a delicious feeling. Lifting my chemise, he ceases our kiss. "Pray, may I undress you, my love?" he asks gently. I nod my head in acknowledgment, unable to find my voice. The chemise is lifted from my person and I am entirely exposed to my husband for the first time. His eyes glide up and down my person, causing my nipples to harden upon inspection. I can feel the blush upon my cheeks. Edward bends down kissing the peaks of my breasts causing a divine feeling inside of me. One of his hands ghosts up my thigh causing me to shiver. One finger enters my moist delta and my head falls back in pleasure. Edward's lips find my sensitive neck, licking and sucking, sending a fire through me. A deliciously strange feeling accompanies his ministrations at my center. "Edward! Something is happening," I tell him wildly. "Let go my darling," He whispers against my lip. He adds a second finger and hits my sensitive nub with the palm of his hands. My body builds a crescendo and then shatters into a thousand little pleasure pieces. Before I can recover, Edward removes his long shirt and then kisses my lips with a deep passion. Positioning himself between my thighs, I prepare myself for the pain I know will accompany me becoming a true wife. Both Mother and Mother Esme spoke to me of what was to come in the marriage bed. It was a shocking conversation, but I am glad that they prepared me. Looking into Edward's lust filled eyes. I nod my head, slightly granting him the permission he seeks. "This will be painful, darling," he whispers against my lips. "It's fine, Edward. Make me yours in every way," I say firmly. Edward presses his lips to mine and in one fluid motion, he pushes through my barrier. My body stiffens at the pain. Edward stills inside of me never ceasing his kisses upon my person. My lips, neck, cheek, nose, breasts. He does not leave one sliver of skin un-kissed. After what seems like hours, he starts to move inside of me. His thrusts are slow and profound. Soon, the pain subsides and is replaced by an incredible friction. The room is filled with the wicked sounds of our joining. I become bold as the weight of my husband gives me a feeling of being trapped by him. I dare say, I enjoy it very much. My lips begin to attack, peppering his body with kisses as well. His speed increases and soon one of his hands slips in between us. Edward rubs my nub never ceasing his kiss to my lips. He then bends, taking a pert nipple into his mouth. He bites and I cry out in ecstasy. My body shakes uncontrollably and Edward speeds up his ministrations. "Oh! Edward," I cry out like a wanton woman. "Yes, darling! Yes … Bloody hell, I love you," he says shockingly before his tongue invades mouth. My hand grips his hair painfully as the same delicious feeling rips through me again but this time much more intense. Edward collapses on me shortly. "Your Grace, I shall never let you leave this room," he tells me rolling over and pulling me into his side. "I shall never want to leave, Your Grace." I turn and place a kiss on his chest. His arms wrap around me securely, and I feel cherished and loved. And to think I almost lost it all to a rumor. Then I giggle about the most outrageous one, indeed. "Pray, what is so funny?" Edward asks placing a stray piece of hair behind my ear. "I was just thinking of all the gossip about you, the most wicked one was 'The Bachelor Duke will never marry.'" We both laugh as he kisses my lips passionately. "Indeed, I have proven the Ton wrong," He says kissing me once more. I lose myself in my husband; all talk of rumors and the Ton forgotten. The End.