go to class with your brother here." "My name is—" "Okay. Edward, make sure she gets there safely," Emmett told him, cutting him off. I smiled at that. "Okay," Edward said back, an annoyed look on his face. Edward and I walked to the class in silence. Once we reached inside, I headed to the teacher, to hand him my slip. I saw Jessica sitting at the back with Mike. I gave her a small smile, which she returned. The teacher, Mr. Banner, told me to sit next to Edward. For the first few minutes, not one word was exchanged between us, but soon, we started to talk about his family. He told me about his family's special gifts. He could read minds with the exception of mine, Alice was able to see the future, Jasper can manipulate feelings, Rosalie has her looks, and Emmy had his strength, but the last two weren't exactly powers, but something special about them. The bell rang and we had to go to our last class. This time, I did walk with Jessica, who asked about what happened. I didn't know what to say, so I told her I would tell her later. She let it go. We reached the gym, and she told me where the teacher was. Since it was my first day, I didn't need to change. I spent the period just watching the students play the sports. I laughed when Jessica "accidently" hit Mike in the head with a ball. After school I said my goodbye to Jessica and then I met up with my brother and his family. "So Belly, you want to meet my parents?" he asked, leaning a red car. He had a smile on his face. I knew that the smile hadn't left his face since our reconnecting during lunch, because it didn't leave mine as well. "What? You live with your parents?" I said, laughing. I would have thought my big brother would live by himself, or alone with his wife. "Where do you live?" He asked, challenging me. I thought about it and then I realized, I didn't really have anywhere to live. I just arrived to Forks and went directly to school. "I don't have anywhere to live," I muttered, kicking at the ground. "What? I'm sorry, I didn't hear you." "I don't have anywhere to live," I said a bit louder, annoyed at him. "Well, then you'll have to live with us," Rosalie offered, giving me a smile. "Really? No, I could find a place to stay," I told her, not wanting to be an inconvenience. "Where are you going to sleep them?" Emmett asked, being the protective brother I grew up with. "I don't need to sleep in case you have forgotten," I told him, challenging him to say something. "Oh yeah." "Man, you are still a protective brother." "Remember that guy who wouldn't leave you alone?" He asked laughing at the memory. "Yeah, the next day he came to school with a black eye, broken arm, and busted lip." "That showed them not to mess with my little sister." There was a smirk on his face. "Only for five minutes! And if I remember clearly, which I do, his sister beat me up shortly after." "Hey, I can't beat up girls." "Didn't stop you from fighting with me," I told him, staring up at him. "But you are my sister. You don't really count as a girl." "Dick. So Rosalie, is Emmett nice? I can beat him up for you," I offered, glaring at him. "It's fine," she said, smiling. She was amused by our banter. When I first saw her, she intimated me, but she gave me nothing to dislike about her. She could be trying to win me over, which she didn't have to do, she already did. "Look at that. I have a sister-in-law," I said smiling back at her. I looked at Emmett, who was staring at her, and I could see the love in his eyes. I was happy that he was happy. He deserved it. "Emmett, let's go meet your parents." "Let's go!" He said, throwing me over his shoulder. "Emmett McCarty! Put me down, now! " I ordered, as I struggled against him. "Nope." "Don't make me scream," I growled in his ear. "You wouldn't," he challenged. "Oh, I will," I said, smiling. He didn't put me down so I screamed. He threw me down to cover his ears. "Ow, Bella, you scream really loud," the blonde guy said. 'Jason? Jack? Jasper!' "Thanks," I said, giving him an innocent smile. "Bella, you're paying for my hearing aid," Emmett told me, rubbing his ears. I was laughing from the ground. I missed those moments. "Let's go, Bella. You can follow us," the black haired girl said. 'Her name was Alex? Alice? That's it, Alice!' "Okay," I said, getting up. The parking lot was almost empty at that point. I followed Edward to their house. It was nice and big. It was white and glassy. It was the most beautiful house I hade ever seen. I was a bit scared. I was meeting the people who Emmett had been living with the last couple of years. I was sad that they had known my own twin brother longer than I had. I followed Emmett into the house and saw two new people. "Bella, this is Carlisle and Esme, my parents," Emmett introduced, "Esme, Carlisle this is my sister, Bella." "It's a pleasure to meet you," I said politely. I shook their hands and gave them a smile. Neither of them looked surprised. Someone must have called them and told them about me. "You too," Carlisle said for them, shaking my hand. Esme gave me a smile. We all went to sit down on the couches. "So," I started, looking at my brother and his family. "Tell us about yourself." Carlisle offered, giving me a gentle smile. "Where do I start?" "From when you were changed."