it the three quick raps he had used last year on her dorm door. With a startled hand, Bella's stylo dropped to the floor, and she knocked her notebook off the table as she hastily stood and went to her door. Out of habit, she straightened her sweater and slid her hands down her Calvin's. The old building's door had no peephole, but she wouldn't have bothered to look. She knew that knock even though it wasn't possible. Was it? What do you say when you haven't seen the one you love in so very, very long? In a space when there is a little more excitement behind those familiar and yet new eyes. Maybe a tiny new crinkle? So here and now and yet the same. So like a dream unfulfilled and so beautiful that breathing is optional. Accroche-toi a ton rêve! If you are Bella, you shake your head and declare it a mirage. You motion for the apparition to have a seat while you finish your last three words on the page. "If you are still here when I put my stylo down then I know you are real." If you are Edward, after several hours of fear, and nine months of imagining the moment of reunion, you can't fathom doing anything but what she asks. So you take a seat at the end of the bed, on the hideous orange floral spread. Your bag hits the floor as her stylo hits the table. "You're real!" "You're alive. You're all right." You've seen those cinema kisses, those foot popping, breath-taking, arms wrapped moments of bliss? If you have, blend your favorite, add him lifting her and turning round and round, ending with the two of them, her on his lap, laughing and talking and relishing just breathing within the same four walls. That hideous orange floral spread didn't look so bad with what was resting on it. The spire of that landmark that epitomizes Paris was just visible outside her tiny window. In that afternoon light, they spoke of a few past adventures, and he declared he would make her his wife. Suddenly, the room fell far too still and silent. Her eyes trained on those hideous orange flowers as she flopped on the bed, confessing her fear that he had never asked her, just assumed her thoughts. She was a horrible, demanding bitch. She expected and feared to hear the sound of a door slamming shut on her room and on the dream chapter of her life. Instead, she heard the soft schussing of denim and felt her hands, that had moved to cover her face, being lifted away and into the very warm hands of her love. He was on a bent knee before her. "My dearest Isabella. Would you do me the extraordinary honor of becoming my wife?" There are moments in life that rise to the magical. Some are just moments that crystalize in our hearts and minds. His was seeing her in an oversize green sweater, poofed out hairdo, and arms overloaded with books, slipping right into him with huge eyes as she tumbled down the short stairs in the cafeteria line a little over a year ago. He knew it that moment— I'm going to marry this girl. She would tell you it was a few nights later, after he'd stood next to her, waiting to enter the poli-sci classroom, watching him smile and charm her and the others in the sun-filled hallway, then choosing to sit right beside her. Doodling a quick smile on the overhead projector. Walking with her across the darkened campus. In one of the pools of light under the lamps strewn across the lawn walkways, she thought him a near supernatural vision. Please, please want to kiss me as much as I will want you to … always. "Yes, Oui! Always! Toujours!" This kiss was fresh, so very … Well, like in Valley speak, it would rate as tres tres gnarly … but neither were thinking that way. It broke only when there was a true need for breath, and when Edward realized there were three large men below, waiting for news. In a few moments, they were flying down the stairs together, round and round and down to the salon, to bid a hasty bien soir to Madame and la professeur. They spilled into the street, having decided to keep their status secret to all but a select few. He hadn't had a chance to speak to her father yet. The trio turned at once to greet them as they stepped through the portal to the street. His grin and her shy smile caused the burly boys to melt a bit. These three, they told the truth. Her hand was kissed and his shoulders pounded, they promised to meet right back here at noon on Sunday. Finally, his wish was here. He led her off the Metro, toward the Trocadero, to the beautiful view of the spire of Paris, La Tour Eiffel. The sun would not set for hours yet, so they strolled up to the iron-laced edifice and began the tortuous trip to the top. One could count the rivets that weren't all rust on one hand, but the magic endured to get them to the top. The dilapidated state of the symbol did not dampen their enthusiasm one bit. "Why Emerald City? You always refer to this, to us, as your Emerald City." He had his arms on her waist as they peered out over the city, the sun setting and lights sparkling in the deepening shadows below. "Edward, it's your eyes. They are my Emerald City. My hope, and now my home." Kissing at the top of the tower is nothing new, unless it's your first kiss in your personal forever. Carlos was eventually caught and still resides in a French prison. Years later, they would donate to the restoration of La Tour Eiffel, hoping to keep a little magic alive. Fin