the astronauts attention. "Masen, we've got a special girl on the line for you," he teased his friend. "McCoy, if you don't have my wife on the COM next, I'll nail you with a moon rock," Edward growled. "That better not be one of my moon rocks, you're wasting on him," Bella said. "Bella? Thank God, how are you? Jared said that Kim was talking about catching some bug from you? Are you feeling better?" "I'd be doing a lot better if you weren't off on the far side for days on end. The morning sickness is bad enough without the stress on top of it." She waited to see if he caught what she'd said. "Morning sickness?" he asked. "Don't act so surprised, considering the last two were mission related pregnancies." "Yes, now I'm three for three," Edward cheered. "Calm down, Masen, you have a lot left to do before you get to celebrate. I want you home safe on the twentieth. You still have three days in space, three days in quarantine on the carrier and then a day and a half of travel before you can relax," she chastised him. "Afirm, Ma'am. You're really doing all right?" "I am, Edward. Esme's been watching the kids the last few days, but I'm picking them up tonight and we'll be watching for your splashdown." "You do that, and I'll be on your porch on the twentieth, ready for food cravings and three am feedings," Edward promised. "Try not to use Grenady as an ashtray in the next week; I know he uses every opportunity to tell you to quit smoking." "I'll try, but only if he behaves." She shot a look at the man in question, taking a cigarette out of her purse. "Okay, Bella, I'm going to let you go, but you be good until I get home." "That's my line, Masen. No more extravehicular activities, you hear. Stay where they can see you." "Yes, Ma'am," Edward answered. Bella handed over the headset and stood, knowing that now she could face the days to come knowing that Edward was well. Carlisle got her back to his house for dinner with their families, and then they loaded up her three kids and headed back home. Once they were ready for bed, she brought them into the master bedroom and switched the Squawk Box back on. "I'm only going to let you do this tonight, but since your daddy is back on the ship with Uncle Emmett, I'll let you listen to them until you fall asleep." "Daddy's okay?" Little Edward asked. "Yes, he is. Mommy even got to go and talk to him today, which is something they don't let happen very often. He'll be home next week, but first he has to fly home and then stay on the boat until they know he didn't get sick on the moon. But they're taking good care of the crew and he'll be home to us soon." The four of them cuddled up, listening to the scientific drone of the various terms that were used that none of them understood until they fell asleep. The next day, Little Edward was restless, wanting to be in school with his friends, but he was excused from kindergarten since the reporters were hounding the school for a hope of an update on the Masen family. Now that Bella was over the worst of it, she called Alice to help her plan a get-together to watch the splashdown. It was important for her to be surrounded by the other wives and families when the end of the mission came. Those arrangements filled the afternoon, and much of the next day, until the final day of the mission dawned on them all. The final day of any mission was hectic, but the three men took the time to relish the view and remember their remarkable journey to space, none of them knowing at the time what was to come. The world watched as the Command Module made its final radio transmission before re-entry, and though it was late at night in Houston, the wives and families sat around Bella's living room to watch the afternoon sun shine in the South Pacific. The three minutes of radio silence were agonizing after what she'd gone through, but with Rina beside her, having come out from Dallas to support Bella as Edward had done for her after Larry died, the pair cried when Edward's voice came over the TV. "Houston, this is Midnight Sun, it's good to be home." Cheering erupted at every corner of Mission Control and down on the Cape, but the commotion at the Masen House rivaled them both. Seeing the helicopter land and her husband and brother step off, Bella was overwhelmed by the sense of relief she felt after everything she'd been dealing with. "Larry got them home," Rina whispered. "He would never let anything happen to Edward on his watch." Hearing those words, it made her miss the friend who had moved away when being around so many of her husband's colleagues everyday had been too rough. "We need to come up to Dallas more often, I miss you, Rina." "Me too, we've stayed away too long," she admitted. Bella and Edward made it through the last days of their separation and were rewarded with a welcome home that they'd never forget. True to his word, Edward took the Flight Director position vacated by Eleazar, and settled into a life after his missions to the moon. Laurence Emmett Masen was born September 10, 1973, named after Edward's friend, and a man that Bella truly did believe had a hand in seeing him home safely. Apollo 18 would be the last of the Apollo missions, making the way for Skylab and the Space Shuttle in the years to come, but Edward was happy to watch his friends take their turns, as he'd reached the Promised Land and returned safely home to his family.