night, some I'm sure for the first and last time in their lives. We watched as the ship went dark and then sank her stern rising straight up into the air. There were people from our hometown on board with us- a mother with four little boys. They didn't make it." "Those of us in steerage could barely get to the decks before it was too late." "Our life boat was full, too full almost. We could barely move but we found out later that some of the others were almost empty." I nod, having heard all of this from other steerage passengers we'd met but to hear it from Bella and Emily brought home how close I'd come to losing her. "Mrs. Cope thought you'd gone mad. She said you were staring at a piece of ice all night." I offer, curious as to what Bella was thinking during that time. She laughs. "Yes, it was a game to keep my mind off the pain in my ribs. This one piece of ice kept hitting our boat. It seemed to follow along in our path. If I focused on that and not the cold and the pain, I could get through it. Once the sky began to lighten, we saw the Carpathia's lights. I was never so happy to see a ship. I offered a prayer of thanks to the Blessed Mother right then. I hope you're partial to the name Mary, Edward, because if we ever have a girl someday, that's what I want to name her." My heart swells as I comprehend how close we came to not having that future. The idea of Bella with a little girl with my eyes and her hair or my hair and her eyes fills my mind and I have to blink back tears. "I think Mary is a beautiful name." I respond finally, my voice thick with emotion. Bella and I gaze at each other, and I know she's imagining our future life together as well. After a few moments, she clears and her throat and continues. "The crew and passengers of the Carpathia gave us all they had. We lacked for nothing once we were on board. They made sure we had dry clothes, hot food, and medical care. Of course, it was a bit of an annoyance because between my ribs and Emily's concussion the doctors wouldn't let us search for Jacob." "We weren't allowed out of the ladies' infirmary until just before we docked." "How are you feeling now?" I ask, concerned that both of the girls may still be in need of medical attention. "We're right as rain, just a bit sore. They wanted us to go straight to the hospital, even arranged for a wagon but we snuck out and hid here among the luggage." "Bella! You shouldn't disobey the doctors." I admonish. "Edward, don't fuss. I promise I'll see a doctor as soon as we get home but I'm not going to the hospital now. Think of it: they're making every survivor- over seven hundred of us- go to the hospitals here. They'll be overwhelmed and I'll have to wait all night and perhaps tomorrow morning for them to tell me I'm fine and I can go home. I want to go Penn Station, get on a train and go home. I'll not waste time here." "What of Emily and Jacob?" I counter, wondering if we'll all be returning home together. "Emily and I have plans to stay in Brooklyn with our uncle. We'll go to the hospital first and then go to his flat." "We'll be fine," Emily says as she leans forward to hug Bella. "We've arrived in America and the worst is truly over. God-willing, we'll never need to go near a ship again." "'Tis the first journey I ever took where I arrived with less than I left. At least Edward won't have to carry my trunk." Bella smiles wryly. "Oh Bella, your beautiful dress and your trousseau are at the bottom of the ocean! What a shame you won't be able to wear the dress your mother made on your wedding day." Emily cries. "It's no matter. What's important is I'm here. I'll make a new dress." "Perhaps you can match the fabric with this?" I ask as I take the small lace heart from my pocket and place it in Bella's hand. "You've carried this the whole time?" She gasps in surprise and puts her other hand in the pocket of her own coat. She pulls out a scrap of paper. Unfolding it, she shows me the valentine I mailed to her in February. "The whole time I was in the lifeboat staring at that ice cake to forget my troubles, I held this in my hand." "No wonder you survived. We needed to reunite with our hearts." I smile before I lean down to kiss her once more. Titanic Survivor marries sweetheart August 12, 1912 - Miss Bella Swan, the brave and intrepid Irish girl who, along with seven hundred and five others survived the greatest ocean disaster of all time was married today to her fiancé Edward Cullen, son of Carlisle and Esme Cullen. The bride and groom were joined in holy matrimony by Father Francis O'Donnell at the Church of St. Mary's of the Visitation. Afterwards, a merry reception for seventy five people was held inside the church hall. The sounds of Irish music and dancing could be heard throughout the day. Miss Swan has many admirers since the publication of this paper's interview with her after she safely returned home from the horrific sinking of the world's largest ocean liner. Close to one thousand of those well-wishers waited at the front the building, hoping for a glimpse of the happy couple. A lucky few were finally rewarded when Mr. and Mrs. Cullen were seen climbing down a rose trellis at the rear of the church and sneaking off to begin their long-awaited honeymoon.