in the verandah. Helpless to protect ourselves, we are waiting for the first shot to be fired, when the outpatients surge forward and form a human shield in front of us. The roaring crowd quietens in surprise, and I see what I had missed earlier. Many of the civilians are the poor people living in the nearby area. They must have followed the sepoys and rioters when they saw them bursting through the gate. Gradually they separate themselves from the crowd and move towards us, then turn around and make a second row of the shield. I feel Bella's touch on my shoulder and turn around to find her standing close by. She is shaking with fear, but her expression is determined. Charlie and Sue are there too, and so is Emmett. Newton is probably attending to James in one of the rooms. Someone from the rioters yells to let them through. I can't understand exactly what he is saying, but the intention is clear enough. The words British and firangi are repeated a few times, combined with expletives I don't even want to know the meaning of. A tall man who I recognise as the father of the little boy I treated today answers. His voice is loud and impassioned. He gestures with his hands, saying doctors many times. Then he picks up his son and seats him on his shoulders, presumably to let the crowd see his forehead. Other patients speak up, mentioning the names of diseases we commonly treat here. They tell the angry crowd about the new department to be opened in the hospital, all due to the efforts of Doctor Sahib. A few women join their hands in supplication, crying openly and asking the sepoys to leave. There are some cries of impatience and rage, but I can see that the tempers are cooling down. Finally a sepoy in the front, perhaps their leader, shakes his head and turns to face the rioters. He raises his arms and says one word. "Chalo." I know it means let us go. I have heard it often enough. But never had I imagined that I would be so thankful to hear it. Like an ebbing tide, the crowd that had come to murder us turns away and leaves. For a moment there is complete silence. Then Bella flings herself in my arms, sobbing uncontrollably. I can hear people around me sniffling and thanking God. I feel so weak, it is a miracle I am still standing. But I console Bella as best as I can, stroking her hair and her back. When she is a little calmer, I hear Sue thanking our saviours. She talks to them in Bangla and Hindi, tears falling from her eyes. A couple of men answer, using some English words too. More than their words, I understand their spirit. Sue tells us that they had refused to move when the sepoys asked them to, insisting that they would rather die than allow them to harm us. That we were selfless doctors who were here only to help the sick, be they European or Indian. That they should take their anger and hurt to the right place and people, rather than murdering innocent, generous beings. Newton joins us, informing us that James will survive. It seems the British Ordnance officers in charge of the arsenal had blown it up, fearing that it would fall into the hands of the rebels. James had merely been passing through the neighbourhood, when a piece of shrapnel had struck him. He was sure some people had died, and houses were damaged. Unsure where to find a doctor, he had headed for the Army Hospital. Unfortunately, the blasts had incited more sepoys and civilians to join the rebels, and as he neared the hospital, he attracted one such crowd, inadvertently leading them to us. I don't even want to imagine what would have happened had the patients not protected us. I am sure none of us would have survived. Sue and Charlie are still talking with some of them. I think they are trying to find a safe place for us, or a safe way of leaving the city. But the Indians fold their hands and plead. They assure us that they will be here, and bring more people with them the next day. They will not allow anybody to harm us. Charlie tells us they are worried that we won't return if we leave. It is not only a question of having a hospital and doctors here to take care of them. They have become attached to us, especially to Charlie, and me because they know me as my father's son. Like Charlie, my father too was dedicated to saving lives. "What do you think, Bella?" I ask. If she feels unsafe, I will take her wherever she wants to go. She thinks for a minute, looking at our protectors. Finally she nods. "We should stay here. Danger and death can follow us anywhere, but as we just saw, these people love us like their own family. And love will always prevail over hate—that is what I believe in. One day, if we choose to leave, I want to do that with their blessings. I want to have a lifetime of memories to look back to, and I am sure they will be good ones." Everyone around us nod in agreement. When we agreed to serve here, we knew that there will be difficulties, that living here will be different from living in Britain. We came here with a purpose, and we will remain here to fulfil it. Gori mem: a fair-skinned young woman Sepoy: an Indian soldier serving under British rule. Origin: Sipahi (Persian) Sahib: a respectful address, akin to sir. Bleeding: a euphemism for bloody. Of course James is not as polite as Edward! Simla: the summer capital of the British officials in India. Kasauli: another town in the hills. Firangi: a foreigner, specifically a Caucasian.