on doing that again." Raising his voice back to a normal volume, he clears his throat before going on. "I have asked your father's permission to court you, and he has given his blessing. So now I am asking you if you will have me." At this point, my eyes are as wide as saucers, and my mouth is agape. Of all the things I had anticipated Edward to say, this conversation wasn't even on the list. As Edward becomes visibly more uncomfortable, rubbing his hand along the back of his neck, I realize that minutes have passed, and I have yet to say a word. "Yes, Edward. Yes! I would like that very much." He lets out a large sigh of relief, and a broad grin graces his face. "You had me worried for a minute." "Us too," sounds the voice of my mother coming from the next room over. Edward and I both chuckle. He goes on to say, "My parents would like me to invite you and your parents over for dinner tomorrow." "That would be lovely, and I look forward to seeing them again. I would say that I'll let my parents know, but something tells me they've already heard." I chuckle, glancing over my shoulder. Edward and I rise to our feet, and he gently takes hold of my hand, caressing his thumb along my palm. "It has been a long winter, Isabella. I have missed you so. You've made me a very happy man today." With that, he brings my hand to his lips and places the gentlest of kisses. My hand is quickly dropped as my parents come back into the room, and a giggle erupts from my lips. I find myself again standing on the Cullens' front porch. Nervous doesn't even begin to explain how I am feeling. Carlisle and Esme come to the door to welcome us in. I pass along to Esme the fresh baked bread and cookies we have brought. No sooner do I step foot in the door than Maggie is barreling around the corner. "Isabella! I have missed you so much!" Slowly, all of the children come out to greet us. I am met with nothing but warm hugs and cheerful greetings. Dinner is just about ready, and I go into the kitchen to see if Esme needs any assistance. "Rosalie, can you please take these last two bowls? Isabella and I will be out in a minute. Tell everyone to go ahead and come to the table." As Rosalie walks out of the kitchen, Esme stands for a second staring at me. Just as I'm about to speak, she holds up her hand. "Isabella. I want to apologize to you." "But–" I try to interrupt. "Please, let me speak. It's been a long winter, and I've had a lot of time to think. I apologize for the way I treated you that day that Maggie fell. I know it was not your fault, but I was terrified and looking for someone to blame. I know how close you are to Maggie, and it was unfair to treat you the way that I did. I also apologize for allowing you and Edward to be in that position. While I remember how it was when we were young, I owed it to you and your parents to keep you under a more watchful eye. I know that may sound strict, but if Carlisle and I hadn't been so lax in our supervision of you two, you wouldn't have been in the position in the first place." Placing her towel on the counter, she steps closer to me. "Now with that being said, I can't tell you how much you have been missed around this house this winter, not only by Edward but also by myself, Carlisle, and all of the children. You became such an integral part of our lives, and without you here, it left a big hole. I know that Edward felt it, and that was part of the reason we weren't surprised to hear that he was going to talk to your father. You make him so happy and have become so important to him. That is all that I've ever wanted, for my children to be happy. We will be so blessed to have you as a part of our family when that day comes." By now, the tears are streaming down my face. I quickly rush to embrace Esme in the tightest hug I can muster. "Thank you," I whisper. "Thank you, sweet girl," she says as she brushes the tear from my cheek. "Now let's get out there before the food gets cold." She laughs. "I bet they are all starving. Wiping the tears quickly from both of our eyes, we walk out of the kitchen and find the dining room bustling with conversation and laughter. "Are you okay?" my mom whispers as I take a seat next to her at the table. "I'm great, Mom. Just great." I look up into the concerned eyes of Edward and give him a brief nod and a smile. He smiles back just before we all bow our heads to say grace. Our courtship is a short one. No sense in wasting time when you know you've met the right one, Edward says. So once the small home on the Cullen property, built by Edward with the help of his father, brothers, and some other members of our community is complete, Edward and I are married in a small ceremony surrounded by our family and close friends. It is a beautiful summer day, much like the one just over one year ago when I found myself riding on a train to my new life. I think of the lessons I have learned and the lessons that are yet to come. The nervousness and excitement are there again, but I know that with Edward by my side, we can face anything the future has to bring.