night he was arrested." Edward nodded warily. "You could carry me back," I said. "I could come with you to Geneva and stay hidden somewhere while you are inside the Council." "Isabella," Edward was shaking his head now. "I've never been inside the Council. I listen to the trial from a neighboring building." "You can hear from that far away?" I asked, distracted. "Thankfully, thoughts carry longer distances that voices," he murmured. "But it isn't safe for you even from that distance. If you are seen, you could be implemented, and women do not often get the benefit of a trial in which to defend themselves." I huffed. Such was the good fortune of my gender in these enlightened times. "Have you ever been seen?" I countered. "No," Edward reluctantly admitted. "Then why shouldn't you be able to hide both of us?" I asked. "Isabella," he shook his head again. "Do you really want to be there?" "But, if you have only a moment to rescue him," I protested. "I could help. I could even cause a diversion." "Isabella," Edward's voice was now a deep growl. "You will not put yourself in danger for any purpose." "I won't be in danger," I replied. "You can rescue Michael, bring him somewhere he could run away, and then come back for me. We would all be safe." "You are assuming-" Edward began, but stopped himself, looking ashamed. I replied as if he had finished his thought. "We do not know that he will be sentenced to the fire, Edward." He remained silent. "Do we?" I asked, with a gasp. "Have you been keeping something from me?" "I have shared every word said during the trial," he said, but his voice was colored in guilt. "But what thoughts have you heard that you haven't shared?" I asked. He didn't reply, so I grasped his arms and forced him to look at me. "Is Calvin set on this cruel punishment?" "Yes," Edward said. "I saw it in his thoughts that even if Servetus begged him for mercy, Calvin is set to see him burn." I stifled a sob. "How soon do you think there will be a verdict?" "I'm not sure," he admitted. "But it could be today, which is why I don't want you any closer to the City and that madman than you are now." "Please, Edward," I begged. "if that's true, I have to see my cousin once more. I want to be able to look at him and pray for him." "Don't ask me that!" Edward's voice came out as a hiss. "Don't ask me to do something that could put you in danger. I can't bear to deny you anything, but I would sooner be engulfed in flames myself than to risk your safety. I can't get you close enough to speak to him without the chance of someone recognizing you." "Please," I repeated, the word becoming a whimper. "Please, I need to see him and pray for my cousin." Edward sighed and dropped his head defeat. My heart rejoiced and his head rose again sharply at the beating he could obviously hear. "I will not be letting go of you for a moment between now and when we return to this house, do you understand Isabella?" he demanded. "You will remain in my arms or holding my hand at all times." I nodded eagerly, and he picked me up again. Unlike the night of our escape, Edward spoke to me the entire journey. Mostly he reinforced that I was to stay close to him and safe, but he was also offered words of comfort, sharing his own admiration of Michael and some of my cousin's tender thoughts of me. As we neared the walls of the city, Edward slowed and then stiffened. "What is it?" I asked. "What do you hear?" "We are too late," he choked. "He is being brought to the pyre now. The crowds are jeering at him." I strained my ears, and could just make out a soft noise that could be many human voices, still a great distance away. Edward looked down at me in his arms, then turned another direction, racing up a steep hill. "Please," I said. "If we could just get a little closer, maybe I could see." "We will not get any closer," Edward growled, "But I will take you were you can see." We came to a stop and I turned my face from Edward's chest to look out into the distance. Another hill rose up about two miles away. I could just make out the shapes of people moving about a great mound of wood. He didn't release me from his arms as we stood there. Edward told me some of the details of the scene that I could not make out. He noted that the wood was green, chosen to burn slower and cause a more painful death. He described the ropes and chains that were used to bind my cousin. He hissed in disgust as one figure bent down at Michael's feet, just before skittering away a safe distance before the pyre was lit. "They call themselves learned men of God," Edward growled. "What did he just do?" I asked. "He bound a copy of Christianismi Restitutio to his leg," he told me. "And then they told him that no one could save his soul, but perhaps God would forgive if he admitted to his lies." I did not need Edward to tell me how my cousin responded to this. As the golden flames began to consume the wood at his feet and the small figure I could just make out was engulfed in smoke, I prayed for all who witnessed this horror, even Calvin. "It is a great tragedy to live without an understanding of God and the human soul," I whispered, finally looking away. Edward said nothing in reply, but I knew he understood, perhaps more than any soul that had ever lived.