the abominable shaves of half the men I see wandering around." Mr. Cope rubs his chin self-consciously as she continues. "But I will offer it to you first. Three dollars." I am amused and curious, waiting to see how he reacts to such an insane price. Mr. Cope is turning an uncomfortable shade of pink. "Three dollars? For an old blade? Preposterous!" "Three dollars for a smooth-as-silk shave every day for the rest of your life. And that's for the whole kit, not just the razor. That badger hair brush is exquisite, isn't it? See the polished walnut handle, with those delicate whorls of chocolate and caramel? Lovely. A gentleman's tool, I'm sure. And look at the bristles, perfectly aligned, not a single one loose or broken. This is a luxury item, not just a rough-shod imitation. But perhaps I should show it to Mr. Banner, first. He's hardly likely to quibble over pennies with such a beautiful set as this… Why, an elegant blade like this will shave a smoother line and command a higher class clientele. He'll make his money back and then some. It will practically pay for itself!" "Two fifty, and that's it. Although I feel you're fleecing me, for sure, young lady. And I'll want to test it first myself!" That's when I realize I'm about to lose the only razor I've ever trusted. I clear my throat and step forward, the words spilling out before I even realize I have a plan. "Darling, you must have mistaken me. I had no intention of selling my blade, or my rifle, for that matter," I add, glancing down at the long-barreled gun leaning up against the counter beside her. Bella's shoulders stiffen and she turns slowly, her expression calm and welcoming, but her eyes screaming her alarm. "Darling?" "Yes, love. I'm sorry I took so long. I never intended to leave you to deal with all this alone. What are we at so far?" I ask, eying the mound of coins on the counter. She is sharp, that's for damn sure. She's gotten half again what I paid for most of my stuff, and that's for road-weary, battle-scarred gear, to boot! I wrap my right arm around her and grasp her hip with my hand. She flinches, the tension in her shoulders possessing the rest of her body in a single heartbeat. "Oh, no, no, no," I continue the act. "I never meant for you to sell that shirt. It's my favorite! Unless you were planning to surprise me with one sewn by your own delicate, talented fingers." I tap my own fingertips against her hip, stroking softly down an inch or more. A blush climbs up her neck and stains her cheeks red at my mention of her hands. Yes, she knows what I'm alluding to. "Edward, I think we need to speak. Privately." She begins to pull away, but I don't release my hold on her. The granny with the fabric is approaching the counter with her choices, so I tug Bella out of the way. "Over here, then, my love. Mr. Cope, please hold that thought. My wife and I won't be but a moment." Bella is practically spitting with indignation by the time we reach the relative privacy of the rear corner of the store. "Your wife? Darling? Love? You're delusional." "Oh really? So stealing three quarters of a man's worldly goods after sharing his food, his fire and his bed is sane?" "It's survival. The law of the land." "I've seen horse thieves shot in the back without a chance to argue their case. Here I catch you selling my possessions, and you're calling me out? I should expose you." "But instead you claim me as your wife? You're absurd." "And you're a liar." "Ha. You're a fool. Thinking with your cock, not your brain. I could have slit your throat with your own blade. I could have left you to freeze with nothing at all. But I-" "But you didn't. Why not?" I ask her the question that has been bothering me since the moment I realized she was gone. "Why didn't you?" "I-" "You're not as ruthless as you believe yourself to be. You're an incredible actress. The theaters of France would be blessed to have one such as you gracing their stage. So tell me, you could have disappeared without a trace, but you didn't. Your woodcraft is superior to my own, but I was able to track you. You could have ridden for days before stopping, but here you are, mere hours away from where we slept, burning time like it's tallow. Did you want me to catch-" "No!" she almost shouts. "Well then, enlighten me. Since you can speak, after all." She clenches her teeth and scowls, unwilling or unable to respond. "I have a proposal for you." "And what would that be?" she asks coldly. "Join me," I say, impulsively. It feels right. I should be angry. I should turn her over to the local sheriff. Instead, all I can see is us riding the wild trails and plains together, with a warm fire and an even warmer bed at the end of a long day's ride. "Excuse me?" "Hunt with me, ride with me, be with me… marry me." "And why would I want to do that?" Her eyes are narrow, doubtful. She doesn't trust me. "Because if you do, half of all that stuff out there is yours. No argument. Except for the razor. I love that razor." "You look better with a beard." "Fine. I hate that razor. Marry me," I say stepping close enough to feel the heat of her body. "I don't ever want a house or window boxes or a kitchen garden." "I don't care. Marry me," I repeat, drawing her against me with my hands at her waist. "I don't-" And I kiss her, my mouth silencing her protests, her body finally relaxing against me. Soft. Warm… Mine.