my voice even, and the growin' want of her body at bay. This isn't gonna be easy, but I'll be damned if I'll make her do somethin' she isn't anywhere near ready for. "But don't you wanna... You know..." Her voice drops to a whisper. "Take me?" Her shyness only makes me laugh out loud. "Oh, my beautiful Bella. Of course, but this is as new to me as it is to you." "Really?" Her head pops up, a surprised look on her face. "Yep, really. I ain't never done this either, so I say we just do what comes naturally. I figure God gave us instincts for a reason, right?" "Right," she says all drawn out, soundin' unsure. "Then we follow 'em." I tilt her chin up so I can look in her eyes. "I know I love kissin' you, so I say we start there." Our kisses start out tentative, like they did out in front of Mr. Cope's store. They're gentle, almost lazy kisses, and soon I feel her hands in my hair. "I've wanted you for so long," I whisper into her ear. "You have?" she asks me, disbelief in her tone. "I think since that first time you came to have supper with us last year." I search her eyes, comin' to a realization I hadn't had before. "And I think I've loved you almost as long." "You love me?" "I do, Mrs. Cullen. I love you more than I ever thought possible." "I love you, too, Edward." Without a second thought, my lips crash to hers, instinct takin' over and my mouth openin' to hers. My tongue hesitantly reaches out to seek entrance to her lips, and she obliges, much to my delight. If I ever thought Bella Swan would be shy or timid about matters of a physical nature, I was mistaken. It's quickly apparent that she kisses like she argues; with passion. Our lips move together as my hands roam her body. Feelin' every dip and curve, I can feel myself growin' harder, my cock rubbin' right up against her side as our tongues dance together. My hand trails down, finding the skin of her naked calf, then up behind her knee, hitchin' her leg up around my waist, allowin' me to settle between hers. "This okay?" I ask, all breathless like. "Uh huh," she breathes out. "Bella, please say I can have you? Can I make you mine?" "Please," she says as her fingers find the edge of my nightshirt. We work together to get it over my head, and it's quickly thrown into the corner of the room. "Can I..." I swallow hard. "Can I see you, too?" She nods, and we work together to loosen the ties of her shift, exposin' inch by inch of her beautiful skin. When they're all undone, and she's completely exposed, I run my finger from her lips, down her throat, and to the curve of her breast. I'm fascinated as I watch the goose flesh left in my finger's wake, and how her nipples react to my touch; makin' tight peaks appear. "You're so damn beautiful," I whisper to her. "So are you." Her fingers do their own exploration; dancin' across my lips, over my brow, along my jaw and finally to my chest. Our cautious touches become more darin' as we seek out this new territory we've each been given. I've divested her of her shift, and my fingers dance along her thigh, comin' ever so close to what Carlisle tried to explain to me. When I reach the wetness he was talking about, she makes a sound that goes straight to my cock; a cross between a moan and a squeak. I'm careful to touch her gently, just like my uncle warned me. Feelin' her like this, I'm almost speechless that I'm affectin' her this way. "Does that feel good?" I ask as my fingers trace around a raised bump that gets her to make that sound every time I get near it. "Yeah, that feels real good," she pants. "God, I wanna be inside you," I almost grunt into her ear. "Then what are you waitin' on?" "You sure?" "I'm sure," she says with a nod. Settlin' closer to her, I move my hand away from her, bringin' it to my achin' dick, guidin' it toward her. "I love you, Bella." "I love you too," she says as I slowly push into her. The tight heat is almost more than I can bear, the urge to thrust into her damn near overwhelming. As I inch my way slowly inside my wife, I can feel her hands grippin' my shoulders...hard. "You okay, beautiful?" My voice is shaky as I'm barely restrainin' myself from lettin' those instincts I was talkin' about take over. "I'm fine. Just kiss me or somethin'." So I do. I kiss her like my life depends on it. She's so caught up in the kiss, her grip begins to loosen, and her hips begin to move just a bit. It's all the encouragement I need to start movin' my own. In and out, I stroke into her, the pleasure and pressure buildin'. I grab hold of her hips, liftin' her backside just off the bed, and as I push back inside her, the sound she makes is my undoin'. I pulse inside her, feelings of pleasure I never imagined washin' over me. At that moment I think that we might just be makin' a part of our family right this second, and visions of a little one to care for by the end of next summer come to mind. As the waves subside, and the euphoric feelin' ebbs, I hold her close, kissin' down her neck, nuzzlin' behind her ear. "I love you so much, Bella. Thank you for lettin' me make you my wife. I promise I'll do everythin' I can to make you happy," I say, lookin' down into her eyes. "Oh, Edward, you already have."