her watch and take his hand, and the next moment Isabella was opening her eyes in the most beautiful country mansion she had ever seen. Edward showed her around, explaining that though his parents had given it to him; he could not sell it or use it for any other purpose than residing himself. "They knew I would sell it before they could blink, or turn it into a shelter for the homeless, or a hospital—if this condition wasn't in place. They hope one day I will come to my senses and see that they had been right all along," he remarked as Isabella admired the view from the French windows of the spacious living room. There was a picture-perfect lawn, stretching out to meet a wood, and a quiet stream running through it. The sky was a clear, brilliant blue, and she realized with a start that she had not seen the day sky for a very long time, perhaps months, because of her obsession with her work. Suddenly she felt very, very tired. "What is it, Isabella?" He was right behind her, and she leaned back into him and closed her eyes. His arms snaked around her. "I want to tell you about Alice." When she had explained everything, he remained quiet for a moment, trying to choose his words. "Isabella, as I said before, I could have deleted your work myself, but I would never do that. In this society, where people have taken away other people's choice to lead their life gainfully—to just be what they want to—I have understood how important it is to have a choice. You have seen everything now. It is your decision: if you want to go back in some other year, I will help you. If you want to make a run with your work and take a chance against Alec, that's okay too. The future is uncertain anyway, so you don't have to feel guilty for your choice. All I know is—now that I have met you, I can't let you go. You have become so important to me." His voice dropped to a whisper. "Isabella, I know you are trying to make a crucial decision here. All I want to know is—can I be a part of that decision?" What could she say? What was the right thing to do? Had she been working for years only to lead to this ? She closed her eyes and tried to decide rationally. Yes, she had worked very hard, given up her life to research. Yes, she had done this so that no other child had to suffer as Alice had. But it had not turned out to be what she had imagined, had it? No, it had only made things worse and people more unequal. At least in her present people had a chance to improve their lot, if only they had the will to do it. But in this future? Here the unprivileged had been relegated to a living hell, with no means to come out of it. All they could do was suffer, and wait to die. She sighed and opened her eyes. When she turned to face Edward, her mind was made up. "I will do it Edward; I will destroy my work. And…you are important to me too. I will be happy to share my life with you." "I respect your decision, Isabella. Shall we go back to your office?" She smiled, a shy smile that sat Edward's heart beating faster. "Shouldn't we seal the deal first?" He didn't answer in words. He bent his head, she raised herself on tiptoes, and their lips met in a promise. Whatever happened, they would face it together. -TFoF- They landed in Isabella's office a moment later, with its sparse furniture and white lights. But as soon as she switched her laptop on, Edward stiffened, listening to something she could not. "Alec has decided not to wait until the morning," he said urgently as the screen lit up. "He is coming down now, and knowing his intentions, he probably will be armed. Plus, when he finds out that you have destroyed your work, he will never let us live in peace in this time. What do you want to do?" "Let us grab this and return to your time then," she said, thinking fast. "If it doesn't fall into Alec's hands, the future will change anyway. Then, when we are safe, we can decide what to do with this." "You won't be able to see your parents or friends though, at least, not any time soon. Alec will definitely have them watched in case you turn up there," he warned, but her mind was made up. "We will find a way, later on." They set their watches again. Isabella swung her laptop bag on her shoulders, and Edward wrapped his arms around her even as the door to the office burst open and Alec Marsh marched in. He looked, as Isabella had described earlier, a benevolent-uncle-type of man, except that he carried a sleek-looking gun in his raised hands. As soon as he took in the scene, he fired. Isabella felt the impact of the bullet on her bag, and imagined her laptop shattering, her work completely gone. Edward let her go for a second, leaping on to Alec and snatching his gun even as a second shot rang out. Isabella screamed, thinking he had been hit, but Edward simply knocked out Alec with his own gun and then turned and smiled at her. "I knew this hard-as-granite skin would prove to be an asset one day," he commented, making her laugh with heartfelt relief. Then she checked her laptop and found it intact. "Ooh," she reasoned, "of course, your arms were around me, so…" "Yes, it hit my hand, so your work is safe. Now let's leave before he comes to." They set the starting mechanism in motion, held hands, and disappeared once again—this time for ever.