bread line so that my pregnant wife can have her fill, but my father would rather wallow in self-pity than sacrifice for his family. "I'm not going. It's freezing out there." His words are slurred, and he stumbles over his own feet. "I'm not asking. There isn't enough food for all of us. Bella and the baby need to eat." "If you think I'm going to go freeze for day old bread because you were stupid enough to knock her up-" Without saying a word, I stroll over to him and grab him by the shirt collar, picking him up and throwing him against the wall. Bella let's out a scream, and my mother and Alice run into the hallway. My mother grabs on to my arm. "Edward! Please don't do this." "Mother, take Alice and Bella into the kitchen." My voice is calm, as my eyes stay locked on the wide eyes of my father. "Edward …" "Now!" I shout, causing everyone to leave Carlisle and me alone. "You think you're better than me now? Since you have a wife and a baby on the way. You will fail them, like I've failed you all," he says, not even trying to struggle out of my hold. I pull him up and slam him back into the wall hard. He lets out a whimper, but I don't care about his pain. He hasn't cared about ours as he hid in the bottle for the last year. "I will never fail them because I'm not a coward like you! Either you get your shit together, or I swear on my unborn child, I will put your ass out on the streets. Now get your fucking coat. You will not be eating my food while I go stand in line." I release him, causing him to fall on the floor in a heap. I wait by the door, staring at him, daring him to defy me. After a moment, he stands up and walks to the closet to get his hat and coat. I nod at him and yell towards the kitchen, "We will back in a few hours." ... I am optimistic after our trip to the breadline, but instead of starting to take care of his family, Carlisle becomes more depressed and continues coming home drunk every night. By January, I finally have enough and throw him out. My mother cries for days and begs me to let him come back home. I refuse and tell her that she is not to let him in under any circumstances, or she'll be joining him on the streets. Bella gives birth to a healthy baby boy, John Edward Cullen, on a cold day in March. He sleeps in a dresser drawer the first year of his life, but Bella and my mother cushion the drawer with blankets, making it comfortable for him. It shames me to no end that I can't buy him a proper crib, but John is loved and happy. Carlisle finally comes back home in April, but his arrival is met with distrust from the whole family. We have spent a long time watching him lose himself, and it will take time for us to trust him again. Apparently, one day while Carlisle is standing in the breadline he runs into one of his old associates, who is helping out in the line. He offers Carlisle a place to stay and helps him put down the liquor and get a job at a hospital. He never resumes his role as head of the household, leaving all the decisions to me, but he does become a valued and contributing member of our family again. My father literally rises from the dead, bringing with him a sense of hope. Years later, when we reminisce about our lives, he will tell me that seeing me be the man that he couldn't be and eventually forcing him on the street is what saved his life. My mother's demeanor changes as well. The return of her husband, my father, gives her a joy and a kindness that I have never seen from her. Rosalie, Emmett and their son, Tom, are finally able to move out of Billy Blacks' slums after finding a better apartment. Bella and I practice a number of different methods to try and prevent adding another mouth to feed, but they don't always work, and we have been blessed with Sarah, Joseph, Ruth and Peter. The depression is long over by the time Ruth and Peter are born. Things start looking up in thirty-nine when Joseph comes screaming into the world. That boy is our loud one. Emmett and I start a little metal business and three years later it takes off because of our entry into the war. Bella begins making clothes for wealthy women, and soon she is a very sought after dressmaker. As the demand for more and more of her designs grows, she expands her business and teaches Alice, Rose and my mother. The family business continues to thrive. The Swans do not survive the Great Depression. Renee runs away with one of her Johns, and Charlie Swan spends his days drowning his sorrows. I can't bring myself to feel sorry for him because I never once considered letting my family whore themselves to put food on our table, and we have always been happy and loved. Thelma moves to Alabama with her son and his family. She writes every now and again, telling us about the antics of her grandkids and her new life in Alabama, which sounds far from ideal, but as a black woman, she's never had it easy. In the year nineteen hundred and fifty, I sit at the table with my family and friends; the house has heat again, furniture takes up every available space, and the dining room table is overflowing with food. I look over to my wife and I smile knowing that we survived The Great Depression-together. The End.