want me?" he asks. There's no smugness in his expression. He genuinely wants to know. I nod, reaching out my hand to him and seeing a relieved smile tugging at his lips. We lie close together, and I finally understand what Edward said about enjoying each other. I'm fascinated by his body, his reactions, as I kiss and touch him for the first time. It is a night of firsts. A while later, I lie in his arms, still trembling and panting as I try to absorb the experience he has given me, the realization that I'm more than capable of feeling pleasure when we come together like this. His lips taste like me, and he smirks when I comment on it, sending me a roguish grin and kissing me again. Now I welcome him, admiring the strength of his arms as he holds himself above me, the look on his face as he sinks inside me, the shuttering groan that escapes his parted lips. I startle as he rolls us over. "Enjoy me," he says. "Do what feels good to you." I move slowly, reveling in his touches and gasped words of encouragement, his eyes wandering over my face and body. I never imagined I'd be able to feel pleasure as he does, but soon I feel it building inside me, amplifying with each move I make, each touch of his fingers where our bodies come together. I cry out in rapture, hardly aware of it as he rolls us over again, taking me with hard, fast strokes as I cling to him, cresting again and again until he calls out my name, sinking down on top of me, his lips trembling against mine. "I love you," he whispers later, his head still resting on my chest. I smile into the darkness of the room, gently stroking his hair. He stirs, moving up to lie next to me, draping his arm around me as I roll to my side to face him. "Will you stay with me?" I ask, tracing his features with the tips of my fingers—feeling rather than seeing his answering smile. "You want us to share a bed? What a bold suggestion, Mrs. Cullen." I laugh, leaning in to kiss him, my lips finding his easily even in the dark. "I want us to share a life," I whisper, "and a happy marriage. I think that includes sharing a bed." "How right you are," he murmurs, his hand moving to my breast, stroking it in a suggestive manner before he kisses his way down my all-too-willing body. "I'll make you happy, Isabella, as happy as you've made me. That's a promise." My husband keeps his promise. The nature of our marriage undergoes a complete transformation as we truly get to know each other as husband and wife rather than strangers living underneath the same roof. He shows me a whole new world of wonder at the cinema and restaurants when we go out and in our bed on the nights when we stay in. When Esme dies a few months later, I console him and help him through his grief, letting him lean on me at the funeral and fall apart in my arms in the privacy of our bedroom. We get through it together. Edward dotes on me and the child I carry. Sometimes I wake up at night with him curled up behind me, feeling his large warm hand on the swell of my belly, protecting us even in his sleep. He loves us, and slowly but surely, I fall in love with him too. I miss him during the day, greeting him at the door when he comes home, delighting in his reaction when he sweeps me up and carries me upstairs to our bedroom. His wanting me doesn't wane as I get bigger—quite the opposite. On a fine spring evening, I go into labor. The birth is, according to the doctor, easy and fast. I strongly disagree, using curse words I hardly knew were in my vocabulary. Edward paces downstairs, frantic with worry. My mother tells me as much, even remarking that she has had to stop him from coming upstairs on more than one occasion when my screams have traveled. By midnight, the doctor delivers our child into my arms and I cry, overwhelmed with happiness. I have hardly been washed and dressed before Edward storms in, ignoring everyone else in the room as he climbs into bed with me, his arms shaking as he wraps them around the both of us. The others leave us. "Oh my God," he breathes, reaching out to touch the baby's cheek. "It's a girl," I whisper. "She's . . . perfect." I look up at him, surprised. I know he wanted an heir. His eyes are wet as he leans down to kiss our daughter's downy head and then my lips. "You aren't disappointed it wasn't a boy?" He shakes his head. "Look at her. We made her, Isabella. She can be whatever she wants to be—even a banker." I raise my eyebrows. This is certainly unexpected. He grins, lit up with happiness. "The world is changing," he says, kissing the tip of my nose. "We must change with it." "So if I wanted to someday go to college?" "Whatever makes you happy, dear heart." "You make me happy," I whisper, my eyes filling with tears again. "I love you, Edward." "You've never said that to me before." His voice is rough with emotion. "It's . . . God, I love you, Isabella. And our beautiful little girl." "Esme," I murmur. "We should call her Esme." He kisses me again and holds the both of us close, love and peace surrounding our little family. Times have been hard, and we'll most likely face hardship again, but as I watch my husband softly cooing at our daughter, I'm filled with optimism for the future and the life we'll share. I know it will be wonderful.