attend even if I offered the airfare. We even were able to find a nice dress that will work as a wedding dress. I'm hopeful we can get their minister to agree to marry us in their backyard, but if he refuses because of the circumstances, City Hall will have to work. I just know I want to be married before the baby's born so there's no question of its legitimacy for the narrow-minded of society like Tanya and her parents. EDWARD's POV Today is my wedding day, and I couldn't be more excited. Our family minister, Reverend Stanley, has agreed to conduct the ceremony, and my mom and Alice have been in full party mode, making the backyard the perfect place for a summer wedding. Even Rose has helped by talking with the caterers and arranging for a buffet dinner. It will only be the immediate family, but that's perfect for Bella and me. The deal went through on the house, and we're scheduled to move in next week. Bella's due in a couple weeks, and although I can tell she's uncomfortable, she never complains. I can't wait to see her walk down the aisle toward me. I know all husbands feel this way about the mother of their children, but she's without a doubt the most beautiful pregnant woman on the planet. My life could not be more perfect. BELLA's POV Today is my wedding day. I'm so excited how the plans have come together since I proposed to Edward! We immediately spoke with his mother, and she and Alice have been wonderful in making all the arrangements. Even Rose, who I wasn't sure even liked me, has been helpful. I wasn't surprised when my parents turned down the offer of airfare to attend the wedding. My dad did sell Bessie. I told him to keep the money. They asked to be notified when the baby was born. Hopefully, they'll be more receptive after the baby is born; if not, it's their loss. I don't need their negativity in my life. There was a reason why I joined the Army and volunteered to go to Vietnam right out of nursing school. I'm not sure it was all about the GI benefits after all. I've been having these stomach pains periodically throughout the day. I think I've been up too much. My feet look like watermelons; well, maybe not quite that bad, but they are pretty swollen. I've decided not to even try to put shoes on. I'll just go barefoot. Might as well embrace my southern Illinois roots since no one from there will be here. Alice helped me with my make-up, and Rose is playing the piano. I'm just waiting for the signal to go to the patio and walk toward my future. I stood up and had to grab onto the chair as I felt a really strong pain in my abdomen. Hope this isn't a sign that the baby is coming today. I hear the music start that's my cue and walk out of the room where I've been waiting. I slowly walk toward Edward who is grinning from ear to ear with so much love in his eyes for me. We're almost through with the vows when another pain hits that takes my breath. I look at Edward as I grab his hand, and he asks, "Are you okay?" "I'm not sure, but I think I'm in labor. Can we get this over with so I can sit down?" Just as Reverend Stanley pronounces us husband and wife, I felt a gush of water and a huge pain that doubled me over. "Guess we are having a baby as well as a wedding," Edward stated as we walked down the aisle and to the car. "Wait! We have to sign the papers or it's not legal," I exclaimed. Laughing, Reverend Stanley hurriedly brought the papers over for our signatures. Edward picked me up bridal style and carried me the rest of the way. "We'll meet you at the hospital," Esme cried out as we got into the car and took off. Once we reached the hospital, I was examined, and it was discovered I was almost ready to deliver. Guess those pains I'd been having all day were labor after all. Because of his position in the hospital, Edward was able to stay with me, and I was so very grateful. We decided to do natural childbirth because of concerns about the effects of anesthesia on the baby. A short while later, I felt the urge to push, and Edward and I were blessed with the cry of our son. The bronze color of his hair left no doubt as to his paternity. Esme brought in pictures of Edward as a newborn when she visited, and they could easily pass as pictures of our son, Edward Anthony Cullen, Jr. EDWARD's POV I was so very angry when I received that draft notice immediately after graduating from my surgical residency. My mood didn't improve at all after receiving the letter from Tanya terminating our relationship, but both of those events led me to where I am today. I'm holding my beautiful baby boy and gazing up at my brown-eyed angel, with whom I am blessed to be spending the rest of my life. I know it won't always be smooth sailing, but we've both spent time in Hell, so I think we're ready for anything life wants to throw at us. Author's Note : I did not serve in Vietnam or as a nurse in the military. I apologize for any errors that have been made regarding their time in that country or errors in depiction of nursing in the 1960s. I do realize that it is improbably that Bella would reach the rank of Captain, but if "Hot Lips" Houlihan" can be a Major, then I figured Bella could be a Captain! Thanks to the creators of MASH for creating such a wonderful character.