remembered. He waited until they made eye contact and strolled towards her offering her a glass, which she accepted without a word. "Izabella," he murmured. When he said it, he did not feel the difference in class and distinction he had once felt. "Please, it's Isabella. But I prefer Bella," she replied sweetly in perfect English, as if introducing herself for the first time. "What brings you here?" he played along, suddenly confident in his position. "Oh, I am a Ph.D. student here and writing my thesis on contemporary art." He smiled. Of course, he should have known that the daughter of a Party member did not need to climb walls or take boats to get here. They could simply fly. "So, you finally went into space…. Did you ever encounter the fox?" he smirked. If someone was listening in on their conversation, they could surely not follow, but to them, it was just a continuation of a conversation they had ten years prior. "You never sent me the postcard," she murmured as a reply. Had she really expected him to? Had she ever wondered about him in the years that passed? "I… I did not know if I could. It seemed so … final." She simply nodded. "So, how is Mother Russia these days?" he continued with no curiosity in his voice. "The wind is changing… I don't know if you would recognize it if you were to go back." He nodded. He did not intend to go back. It seemed surreal to him that she was there, that he could finally ask her whatever he wanted. He did not feel the burden to repress his thoughts as he had once done. "So, why did you do it? Can you tell me why you decided to help me run?" Edward whispered as if he wanted to be let in on a secret. And there were always people watching and listening, especially at these gatherings. Bella looked into her glass and hesitated a little before replying: "Because you cared. I knew you lived with the regret of getting me involved and I did not like this feeling. I wanted us to be even, I wanted you, at least, to know the truth. I was no victim in this story." "I admit you were no victim, but you played a substantial role in my story. But how did you know for sure? I could have pretended to be sorry for all you knew." Bella hesitated again: "I had my sources…" Edward blinked slowly, and when he looked into her eyes again, he exclaimed: "Ivan!" She acquiesced silently: "Please don't be mad. He genuinely cared about you, he always asks about you!" Edward was shocked, but also a little bemused: " Sukin syn ! And to think of all the time I spent feeling guilty for not saying goodbye! How is the old man?" "He is fine, he came out of the camp shortly after you left, and he is reunited with his wife," Bella resumed. "His wife? Did they get married in the meantime?" "He had been married to her for the last thirty years… She had always waited patiently for him." Edward finished his drink in a gulp. Was anything he knew true? He should have known that appearances were deceiving, especially in that kind of place. He realized for the first time that evening, and for the first time in a long time, that he felt comfortable talking to the person next to him ... they shared a common understanding. That made him wonder… "And where is your husband? Won't you introduce me to him?" Edward made a sign as if looking around, while actually getting more drinks. "Actually, I left him back in Russia. We had… differences of opinions. He thought I was too involved in my career. And he preferred the stay-at-home mom who made borscht for the entire family." "Some men would make that mistake," Edward smirked. And he looked at her more intently. She blushed, and in those moments, he seemed to recognize the girl that he had known. Then he remembered he had once fallen in love with that girl. They were interrupted by a flow of people wanting either to talk to Bella or Edward. Their eyes would meet across the room from time to time, but neither of them made a move to approach the other throughout the evening. Edward felt good about meeting Bella again and was surprised to see he bore no resentment towards her anymore. If anything, he felt a slight excitement that they were together in a world where they could speak their minds. In a free world. He played with the thought and savored it for the remaining of the evening. Just as Bella was taking leave, Edward surprised her by holding her beautiful fur coat, helped her put it on and with a smile on his face, kissed her hand in the European fashion before sliding a small envelope into it that she barely noticed. He then left without a word. Her face fell when she opened it only to find a crumpled postcard of the Eastern side of Brandenburg Gate. But when she turned it around, she smiled, noting that under her perfect handwriting there were some words written in chicken-like scribble: " XXX Call me – Edward. " Translations: Здравствуйте товарищ - Good day, comrade Gulag - Forced labor camp in the USSR Kasha – porridge Dacha – country house On ne voit bien qu'avec le coeur, l'essentiel est invisible pour les yeux - It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye Privet – Hello Krasiva – beautiful Spasibo – Thank you Do svidaniya - Goodbye/until we meet again (lit.) Tu deviens responsable pour toujours de ce que tu as apprivoisé - You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed. Sukin syn - Son of a bitch Borscht – traditional beetroot soup