down. Knowing I got no other choice, I prepare to say the words that'll break us both. To save her, I gotta hurt her. I clench my jaw and ready myself to spew the most blasphemous lie I ever said, but before I can get the words out, hoofbeats thunder outside. Bella jumps up. "Stay here," she orders, already leaving the room. Knowing those men are here for me, I attach my holster and sling my shotgun over my shoulder. Sneaking out the kitchen door, I take up a spot where I can eye what's going on with Bella. I can't make out what's being said, but I can tell by her posture that she ain't happy. She's still got her double barrel aimed at the lead guy, not relaxing her stance one bit. When I notice one of the latter guys twitch toward his weapon, I don't hesitate. He falls to the ground with a bullet between the eyes. Same for the guy standing next to him. Not missing a beat, Bella blows a hole through the guy she was talking to, and then takes a shot at the last one. He barely makes it behind the outhouse with his life. Bella goes in, slamming the door behind her and it isn't but a minute fore she's joining me at my post. "What the heck, Edward?" she whispers. "I had them men right where I wanted 'em." I shake my head. "Naw, that one guy was gettin' ready to shoot first and ask questions later." I grab her cheek in my palm. "And I ain't lettin' no man extinguish what belongs to me." She closes her eyes and a serene expression takes over. When she open 'em up again, that fires a burning. "Damn right, Edward Cullen. I'm yours." Her lips mash to mine in a kiss so fierce, I almost go light-headed … 'til that bullet ricochets off the cabin. "Let's move!" I whisper-yell. Following my lead, we make our way to the barn and saddle up Arrow and her horse, who I now know is named Jane. I turn to Bella. "If we got any chance of gettin' far enough away, he's gotta die." I press a hard kiss to her lips. "I'll be right back. Be ready." "Wait," she calls, grabbing my arm. I look to her and smirk. "No worries, Bella. This is what Edward Cullen does." With a wink, I'm out the barn door and hunting down the last man to stand between me and Bella's freedom. …. We're up on a ridge overlooking the small wooden building that's our next target. "Me and Baby Face will take the front and you two ladies bring up the rear. No one gets outta that building 'til we get what we came here for. Got it?" Baby Face nods, happy to do anything I say, but not them women folk. Bella huffs and crosses her arms. "Why we always gotta take up the rear? You act like ya the only one who can bust through a door." "Yeah," Alice, Baby Face's sidekick, chimes in. "You two act like we're weak and frail, when really, we all know who runs this posse." I ignore Alice's whiney self and look to Bella, rolling my eyes. "You know I don't think you're weak, far from it, but this holdup is more important than that bank heist last week. This is the most important holdup of my life and I want it to be perfect." Bella sighs a big, girly sigh and turns to Alice. "We do it Edward's way." Alice huffs but knows better than to open her mouth to Bella. Case closed. I smirk. "Let's go." We bust through the small wooden doors, guns drawn. "Everybody get your hands up!" I yell to the three people standing there with dropped jaws. Hands fly into the air as confused expressions replace the shock from seconds ago. "Baby Face, you and Alice guard the door," I order, tilting my head for Bella to join me. She takes my flank, and we move farther up the aisle. "Who's the preacher here?" she asks, shifting her gun between our hostages. When nobody speaks up fast enough, she walks to the closest one and shoves that double barrel right into their chest. "I asked, who the preacher here is," she says it all real slow like. The man finally snaps from his daze and starts stuttering, "He … he is." He points to a man on the right side of him. "See how easy that was?" Bella smiles at him and even he's affected by it. He starts to smile back, 'til the woman beside him elbows him in the ribs. I approach the preacher. "Me and my woman here would like to get hitched. And you gone be the one to do it," I say matter-of-factly. It's ain't like he's got a choice. "Ya … ya want me to marry ya?" His dumb act only pisses me off. I step closer, right up in his face. "What? Ya think we ain't got no right to get married just cause we outlaws?" "N … No, sir. I didn't say that. God recognizes all unions made before him," he replies and he better be glad, too. I don't mind hunting down a more willing preacher man. "Then it's settled," Bella breaks in, walking to my side. She grabs my hand and pulls me to stand before the altar. "You two, over here to witness." She points with her gun where she expects the hostages to stand. "And you"—she turns back to the slack-jawed clergy—"what you waitin' on?" The preacher snaps his jaw shut and makes his way to stand before us. He meets my eyes first, and receives a nod. But when he looks to Bella, the beaming smile she's sporting is contagious. With a smile of his own, he joins us in unholy matrimony. Cause sure as hell, we ain't wanted in heaven.