eyes on you, I knew. I had convinced myself that I would be fine with settling for a wife that may or may not love me and I may not love her but the organization would grow." She turned away from him and whispered. "And now?" He took her into his arms and gently kissed her as she melted to his touch. "The only thing that matters now is that our marriage will be filled with love." He stared into her eyes as he stroked her hair. "Love?" she whispered. "Yes. I love you, Mrs. Cullen." She searched his eyes. "I love you too, Mr. Cullen." Edward ever so slowly pressed his lips against hers as his hands started stroking her hard nipples. She shivered under his touch as he tried to take his time with her and enjoy every second. As he kissed along her jaw and neck, she whimpered at the tantalizing sensations he was causing to run through her body. He pulled her closer to him, lifting her leg up. He stopped as he gazed into her eyes. "Bella, I loved you from the moment I laid eyes on you. I can't wait to grow old with you, baby." She smiled at his loving words. "Edward, please take me. Make me your wife in every way." He kissed her deeply then aligned himself to her hot center as he ever so gently entered her, causing her to cry out in pain. He stilled inside of her, fighting off the sheer pleasure of being inside her. Tears fell down her eyes and he slowly kissed them away. "Relax, Bella. The pain will end." "Edward…" He captured her cry with his lips and slowly, ever so slowly began to move within her. Their tongues danced as he moved in and out of her, her cries of pain quickly becoming sounds of pleasure as she moaned from beneath him. He captured a nipple between his teeth as her wetness gave him pleasure like he had never experienced. Edward lifted her leg, placing it over his shoulder as he penetrated her deeper. They kissed wildly as he started moving at a faster pace. The sounds of flesh slapping together filled the room and Edward let out an animalistic growl. "Fuck! Bella, you feel so good, baby." Bella's eyes flew open from hearing the vulgar language come out of her husband's mouth and it did something to her. "Edward!" she moaned out his name. "Oh, Bella. I'm sorry-" She shook her head as she bit down on her bottom lip. She stared at him with lust-filled eyes. "Say it again." He grinned at her as he went excruciatingly deeper inside of her. He held her gaze as he grinded against her, hitting his pelvis against her swollen clit. "Fuck." He whispered against her mouth as he nipped and sucked her bottom lip into his mouth. He felt a fresh gush of wetness coat his cock and he smiled down at his wife. "Does my little wife like when I talk dirty? You like being fucked by your husband?" He picked up speed, causing Bella to throw her head back in ecstasy and scream his name. "Yes!" He kissed up her neck, as she moaned in pleasure. "Tell me. Tell me what you want me to do to you, Bella." She shook her head, back and forth as he slowed his thrust down. He traced his tongue from her neck to her mouth, causing her to cry out. "Edward, please fuck your wife!" she screamed. He picked up her other leg and slammed into her repeatedly as he felt her pussy tighten around his cock. Bella's eyes rolled to the back of her head and she thrashed from side to side. "Edward! Oh! Oh! Something's happening! Oh. My. God! Fuck!" He slammed into his wife one last time before his own release took over his body and he went rigid. He collapsed down beside her and pulled her into his side, capturing her lips with his, in an insanely messy and passionate kiss. Bella pushed him away from her and pulled her hair out of her face. "My God. What was that?" He smiled down at her as he continued to kiss her naked shoulder. "That, my beautiful wife, was an orgasm. " She smiled at him as she pulled him into her to kiss him on the lips. "Oh, can we do it again? That was just the real McCoy." She shyly buried her head in his chest. He laughed at her and pulled her tighter in his arms. The morning light shone into the large bedroom as sounds of love-making filled the room. The bed was empty as Bella's hands took hold of the sheets and stuffed them into her mouth as Edward towered over her in a doggie-style position. "Baby, you okay?" She let out a grunt of satisfaction as he continued to deliver slow sensual strokes inside of her and rubbed his hands all over her body. He reached between her legs and started playing with her clit as she let out a loud scream of pleasure. He followed directly behind her with his own yell as he collapsed on the floor next to the bed. She lay on top of him and began to shower his body with kisses. "Is it supposed to be this enjoyable? Because mother made it sound more like a duty than anything else." "I think it depends on your lover. Either way, you seem to be enjoying this." She let out a loud laugh as he kissed her lips. "I guess we should face the outside world soon." He wrapped his arms around her and started kissing her neck. "Do we have to? I just want to stay here with you forever and live off our love." "I'm never going to get enough of making love to my beautiful wife." "Good. I love you, Edward." "And I you Bella. Very much." The End.