militant brother and ailing grandmother. "I have not seen them in the flesh, no, but I have letters and pictures." She reaches behind her into the drawer of the tiny night stand that sits beside her bed and pulls out a worn photograph. A handsome man and delicate woman each displaying various features of my Bella. In front of them is a younger boy, looks about 12 years old. The woman is also holding a small infant child. Bella must sense my curiosity. "That is my baby sister. She was very much a surprise to my parents. Her name is Angelika. I have not met her yet, but I have some pictures, and I have made her some clothing, sent her photos of me and have written her letters so she will know of my love." I move to wipe the tears that have gathered in her eyes and are beginning to fall. She stops my movements, "No, no, these are happy tears. We will be together again soon, of this I am sure." Distraction is her next move as she places a kiss on my lips followed by a line of pecks from my ear down my jawline to the cleft in my chin. "How? How do you exchange all these things?" My curiosity cannot be swayed. "Well, we all have our ways. That border is in no way entirely secure. For me, there is a cemetery near here, Invalidenfriedhof, you know it, yes?" "Invalid's cemetery? Yes, I know it. Doesn't the Wall runs right through it?" She nods at my description. "Yes, when they were putting the actual wall in place, they went right though the cemetery. It is one of the only sections that does not have the double wall, and they built around the original brick wall. So, it is patrolled on the East side quite heavily." Her right hand begins to lightly trace random shapes on my bare chest, just over where my heart is. "My close friend Jacob, he is a guard and is stationed there quite frequently. I only go there when I know he is working," She explains. "When he is, I leisurely walk to the far right corner, and there are some bricks that have worn and one that can even be removed. I often sit there for hours, with the brick removed and just stick my hand through to the other side and feel the cool grass there. If I close my eyes, I almost feel freedom for a few precious moments." Her eyes close now and I can sense the peace she feels in those moments. "That is where we have dug a hole under the wall just big enough for small packages, letters and gifts of that sort. It all depends on Jacob though, so often it can be some time between visits." I find myself with slight feelings of jealousy with another mention of her friend Jacob but try to stifle these emotions as it is me who is currently lying next to her naked in bed. I kiss the top of her forehead and we lay there in comfortable silence until we both drift asleep. Sometime later we are both awoken by a slamming door. Horrified, Bella quickly jumps out of bed, grabbing her robe and tying it tightly around her torso. "Do not make even one sound." She warns me. I hear the murmurs of voices and some opening and closing of cupboards. What is only minutes but feels like an eternity passes, and Bella swiftly re-enters the room with my coat and briefcase, shutting and locking the door behind her. "We have a slight problem." Her impish grin doesn't put me at ease. "Marcus is home. I was not expecting him tonight or I would never have invited you to stay." Letting out a fast puff of air she continues. "You have to leave, through the window." I'm sure my face is comical as I can actually feel my eyes bulge slightly from their sockets. "Bella, we are three stories up!" I remind her. Shaking her head she moves to the window that is near the foot of the bed and opens it. "Silly Edward, there is a fire escape." Relief fills me. I get out of bed and locate my clothing to redress. I can't help but notice that Bella is enjoying the show. Once my coat is on, I pick up my briefcase and make my way to the window stopping in front of Bella, and placing my briefcase on the floor at her feet. "I must see you again like this, soon." I plead with her, "Maybe we can go out for dinner, anywhere you like." "I do not know Edward. We have to be careful. I do not want anyone getting suspicious of our relationship or interpret it as planning an escape. You know my brother is a guard, and I feel he may even be with the regime deeper than that. He would not hesitate to turn me in." Fear replaces the love that was in her eyes seconds earlier. My hands cup both of her jaw lines and I lean in to reassure her of my love with a fervent kiss. Resting my forehead on hers I offer her words of comfort, "Do not worry my love, I will figure this out. We will figure this out. I have never been disappointed with the hand life has dealt me, and I will not start now." I have one leg out the window when an idea occurs to me, "Isabella, will Jacob be on duty in the cemetery tomorrow?" "Yes," She hesitates slightly with her answer. "I hope you have a lovely day there tomorrow." I tell her and then disappear into the dark skies of the early Saturday morning, already planning the words of love that will fill the letter I will leave her under the brick wall as soon as I have safely returned to the West.