sister's body in the white pearl casket, her short, golden hair curled around her beautiful face. She looked different, like herself but not really. I remember the tears I cried and the empty feeling of dread and loneliness that took over me. I remember being so sick that I couldn't hold anything down. But most of all I remember Ed wasn't there. I was devastated by his absence, but Momma Bessie reminded me that sometimes a man has to do what a man has to do. Two-weeks after I buried my sister, I sat in the living room with Charlie questioning me on Ed's whereabouts. February 1926 "Have you seen Edward Masen, Isabella?" Charlie yells at me, and I jump wringing my hands together. Him and another copper are standing in the middle of Momma's Bessie clean, front room barking question after question at me. "We believe he's the one responsible for the murder of three men," the other officer, William Mallory, says, placing a Chicago Tribune down in front of me. Looking at the paper, I recognize the faces of both James and Aro looking up at me, the other man is the Marcus they constantly mentioned. A strange feeling takes over, and I'm glad they're dead for what they did to Rosie and Em. I pray to God that Ed is long gone from Chicago, and though I know I'll never see him again, I don't regret us or how I feel about him. I don't regret the baby in my belly from that night he took me to the picture show. There's a small bump protruding, and if anyone looks hard enough, they can see that I'm with child. I'm happy because I'll always have a part of Ed. "I told you, I haven't seen him!" I yell, staring at Charlie Swan who cares more about being a copper than his own children. "That man hasn't been around here! If he had, I'd kill 'em dead for leaving my girl in the family way like he did," Momma Bessie says, and her eyes cut to me. She hasn't really spoken to me since we figured out that I wasn't sick because of my grief from losing Rosie. Charlie looks at us both one last time before he walks out the house with Detective Mallory behind him. I let out a sigh of relief, and Momma takes a seat in her chair. "I'm sorry," I say for the hundredth time. "Nothing to be sorry about. All you can do is take care of that baby. I didn't think Edward Masen was the type of man to leave you like this," she says, shaking her head. "He's not. He must be-" I can't say what I'm thinking, what my heart won't admit. Ed could be dead, or he could've just left to save himself. Maybe I'll never know. Later that night after we've finished supper, there's a knock at the door, and Momma closes the bible to answer it. "Miss Bessie." I stand at the sound of his voice, not daring to move. "You said you wouldn't disappear on me again," I whisper. "I know." His voice is low as his green eyes gaze into my soul. "You got some nerves showing your face around here after you put my girl in the family way and run off!" Momma says, pointing her chubby finger in his chest. I watch as he winces in pain, and she notices as well. "What have you done to yourself?" "Is it true?" Ed asks, ignoring Momma Bessie's question, his eyes on me. "Are you having my child, Baby Cakes?" "Yes." We stand quiet, staring at each other. The air in the room thick as black smoke. "I'm leaving," he says, staring into my eyes. My heart breaks into tiny pieces with just those two words. October 1990 I chuckle at how naive I was that day just as the front door opens. My fella walks in with the aid of a cane, his body bent with old age, and his hair white. Cataract eyes search for me, and when he finds me, they light up, and a smile takes over his still handsome face. "Baby Cakes," he says in greeting. "Well, your sons told me not to come back to the office." He chuckles. I stand, making my way slowly to him. He's supposed to be retired from running the construction company he started back in thirty, but he can't seem to let it go. "You'll never guess what was on TV, Ed." "Hmm?" He pulls me close to him, his lips pressing against mine, causing butterflies to dance in my belly as if I was seventeen all over again. "A Kiss for Cinderella." I giggle as he kisses my neck. "The first picture show I took you to and the night we made Emmett. What a night!" He squeezes my behind, shocking me, and I slap his hand, giggling like a girl. "Don't be fresh!" I laugh as I swat his shoulder. "I thought you liked me fresh?" he asks before going in for another kiss. I lose myself in my fella, kissing him has become second nature to me, and even at the ripe old age of eighty-two, it still feels like the first time. Life hasn't been easy for us, and there have been ups and downs as expected. We moved to Sacramento and built a life for ourselves. We had four, beautiful, healthy children, all who were cared for by Momma Bessie just as she cared for Rosie and me. She came to live with us in twenty-six to help after Emmett was born. "Come on, Baby Cakes, let me show you how fresh I can be." He leads me through our house ... a place full of memories of happy and sad times, but through it all, we had each other. It's been a beautiful life with my fella, and it all started, one dark night in Chicago.