these past weeks?" "Nothing much," I told her. "I've just been hanging out with my friend Mike as usual." "I haven't done much, either," Izzy added. "Makenna and I have spent most of our time out at my dad's shop. Well, I've been working, but she's gone to visit me while I'm there." Smirking, I told her, "I think Makenna has a crush on you." "She does not!" Izzy exclaimed. "She's just a really great friend." "Keep telling yourself that, sweetheart," I chuckled. Izzy mumbled something unintelligible and then turned in her seat, facing me. "Do you really think that? Because Jake told me the same thing, but I didn't believe him." I frowned, not liking the mention of another guy's name. "Who's Jake?" "He's a really good friend of mine, but he's also Riley's boyfriend," she informed me. Oh. I did not see that coming. At all. What I also didn't see coming was the slight jealousy that spiked through me, but I wasn't going to focus on that. Instead, I just said, "He's the other guy you were with?" "Yeah," she nodded. "He's really sweet, and he's someone nice to talk to sometimes." "Did you tell him about me?" I asked, as I merged into another lane that lead me to the exit. Izzy looked down, saying, "No." "Liar," I teased. "Whatever," she scoffed. "Anyway, do you have any tapes in here? This radio station is awful." I smirked. "I do, but I don't think you wanna listen to The Doors." "Yeah, no," she said, scowling as I looked at her from my periphery. "Jim Morrison's voice does nothing to me. Robert Plant's on the other hand…" "They're both good," I admitted. "They just have different styles." "That's true," she conceded. "And it's kind of amazing how The Doors used real thunder sound effects in "Riders on the Storm," yet it doesn't compare to the greatness of Zeppelin's "Stairway to Heaven."" We'd obviously have to agree to disagree when it came to music, because I knew that neither one of us would back down. . . . After we parked in front of my house, Izzy and I headed to the front entrance. "Wow, Masen, not only do you live in Encino—one of the richest neighborhoods on this side of the valley—but you also have the nicest house on this block." "My dad's a doctor," I said in way of explanation. "No wonder," she said. "My dad could never afford something like this, which is why we live in West Covina—on the opposite side of your valley." "Is that why you were so worried about me taking you home?" "Yeah, it's about an hour drive from here." "That's still not a problem," I told her, "but let's not worry about that now, okay?" "Sure," she replied as I led her up the stairs to my room. When we reached it and entered, Izzy looked around noticing the records I had on one of the shelves. "This is nice." "Thanks," I said before walking over and taking my Led Zeppelin II LP and putting it in my Sony record player. "You have their records?" Izzy asked, amazed. "Of course I do," I replied. "Just because they're not my favorites doesn't mean that I don't like them." "Okay," she said, walking over to me and giving me a kiss as the music started playing. Without another word, we began undressing each other, making our way to my bed. My body covered hers as I kissed her and made love to her throughout the night, proving that our chemistry had been real. Everything between us was intense, like a high that not even a drug could provide us, and just like a drug, I wanted to be consumed by her over and over. . . . . . The night of my birthday party arrived, and everyone was scattered around the house, drinking and listening to music while I looked around for Izzy. She'd told me that she was going to the restroom, but I'd looked there without any luck. Having a hunch of where she might be, I headed to the garage. I had been right; she was sitting inside the Camaro, looking embarrassing from being caught. Izzy looked so good, wearing her Doc Marten boots with her fitted jeans again, although this time she paired them with a Led Zeppelin t-shirt and a navy blue blazer jacket. She was going for a semi-formal look given the occasion, but she still looked fierce with her wild hair and trademark red lipstick. "So, this is where you've been hiding," I said, opening the door to my car. "Yeah, it was getting a little crowded in there," she said, looking down. "Sorry about that, baby. I seriously didn't expect too many people, but my friends invited lots of friends." She shrugged, looking up at me. "That's fine, but I really did need some air." "Okay, well, what do you say if we head back in there? I'm dying to introduce my girl to my friends, you know?" I smiled, watching her intently as I waited for her reaction. I knew that we were moving a little fast. I still didn't know much about this girl that continues to be a mystery to me, but one thing is clear: I want her to be mine. "Are you saying that I'm your girl, Masen?" she asked, incredulously. "Absolutely, baby," I assured her. "I wanna make you my girl and I wanna give you my love… like Robert Plant would say." Izzy smirked. "That was so lame, but I'll give you a point for knowing that." "What about a kiss?" I asked. "Can my girl gimme a kiss?" "More than just one," she replied before she gave me a soft peck. "I really like when you call me your girl." "Well get used to it," I told her. "Because I'm gonna call you that for a long time. Maybe forever if I have my way."