nothing left to live for, and even the prospect of America does not move her soul. "Please, a ghrá. Please," he begs. "No!" She stands to push him away. "I do not want to live in a world without Sean! Leave me here. Go to America and make a new life," she says before falling to her knees. "Never. I'll die here with you if that is what you want. I love ye, Bella. Please come back to me," Edward begs, stroking her hollow cheeks. Even starving, she is still the most beautiful girl to him, his love. She cries in his arms as he kisses her lips, lifting her small body to him. She doesn't protest as he dresses her with Rosalie's help. Edward rushes through their home, grabbing anything of importance, which isn't much, except Sean's baby blanket, Bella's Irish lace veil, and his Daideo's old kilt. Leaving the home that once held the promise of a life and a future, Edward holds his wife close as he rides to the McSwans' cottage. Charles stands, looking at the only family he has left. They've lost so much, but she can still have the life she deserves in America. "A leanbh na páirte, I will always love ye. You can never forget your loss, but you must now live for his memory. You have an opportunity. Don't waste it, Bella. Live for your Mamaí, for Sean, for Edward," Charles says, calling her his dear child before kissing her hand. "Come with us, Charles," Edward begs. "No. I'll die here, Edward. Take care of her and ye'self," he says, shaking his hand. Bella cries as she's led off into the early Irish morning, leaving behind everyone she's ever loved. The only comfort is that she still has Edward, and for that, she will try ... she will live. She will live on for all those she lost. For her lost Mamaí. For Angela. For Sean. She will live so his memory can continue. As the ship leaves his homeland, Edward clutches Bella close, watching the Irish countryside slip out of sight, tears falling for all that they have lost. Taking deep breaths, Bella sighs, releasing her anguish but holding on to her memories. Her eyes focus on the land, and her body shakes with the loss of her son. Memories of Sean in her arms, nursing at her breasts, fill her mind; images of his gummy smile even when he was hungry do not disappear as she closes her eyes. Edward kisses the top of her head, holding her close. "I'm here, a ghrá. Come back to me," he whispers, burrowing his head in her neck. She clings to him, crying at their loss. "I will, my love. I will." "Sean will always live within us, a ghrá. He will always be here, in our hearts," he says, combing his fingers through her hair before gently pressing his hand to her heart. "I promise to never let his memory fade or that of the others we've loved and lost. But, a ghrá, the only way to do that is to stay together and love each other. We are all we have left." Edward reaches into his pocket and grasps the one thing he can give his love, the one remaining memory of his family that still remains ... his Maimeó's ring. He gently places it on Bella's finger. She looks up at her husband, his once handsome face sunken, his vibrant green eyes not as they once were. Yet even after all they have been through, she can still see the love he has for her. Sean will always be part of them, part of their love for each other. They will never forget him for as long as they live; he lives on in them. Edward clings to his wife, watching as Ireland becomes just a fragment of their past. Ireland is the land he loves, but he lost everything for that land, and there is nothing left in him to give back. The ship's horns blow as they approach New York. Edward stands on the deck, wide-eyed, with Bella by his side. He looks down at her, color in her cheeks and a little more weight on her still slim body. The journey was an easy one for them, as they were traveling with Rosalie and Emmett. They ate three times a day, which added to their guilt, the pain of their loss never far behind, the memories of what they experienced haunting their every waking moment as well as their nightly dreams. During the thirty-seven days it took to reach their destination, Emmett spoke of his dreams and what he would do once they arrived. He has friends in New York and has given his plan much thought. With the money he took from his greedy father, he would be able to make a good life for him and Rosalie. Emmett offered Edward half of the money as retribution for the injustice his father bestowed upon him and his family. Edward tried to protest, but in the end, it was Bella who graciously accepted, thanking Rosalie and Emmett for what they have done for them. As the ship nears land, Edward kisses his wife, tears running down their faces as they take in the salty air. They have hope, and they have each other ... They have love. "I love you, Edward," she says, kissing his lips. "Is breá liom tú, a ghrá," he says, returning the sentiment. As they debark the ship hand in hand, they are full of hope and dreams, ready to welcome whatever may come in this new land that they now call home. America! More than a million Irish died in the Irish Potato Famine known as The Great Hunger between 1846-1850. Of the 100,000 Irish that sailed to British North America in 1847, an estimated one out of five died from disease and malnutrition, including over five thousand at Grosse Isle.