my sister and her husband, they will be following me to Antigua where good teachers are needed and he will be well respected." "This is outrageous," he growled as my mother stepped forward. "How about we enjoy our meal, if you're really going to depart soon, I'd like a chance to visit with you," she pleaded. Agreeing for our mother's sake, we sat down for an arduous dinner, my father not speaking a single word as Mother asked about the plantation and the girls carried most of the conversation. When it was done, she walked with us to the front door. "Your father may be furious, but I hope that you will still write to me. I would love to know how my family is now that you're moving halfway around the world." "We will, Mother. Goodbye." As tiring as the night had been, it was the last large chore I had to handle before my departure. My final weeks in London were full of loose ends to be tied up, and stolen moments with my wife. It tore at me that we had to be parted, but there was little to be done until the naval presence was able to make it safe for them to return. A month after our wedding, Isabella and the rest of my family, save my father, were at the docks to send Jasper and I off. I allowed him a kiss with Alice, since they had my permission to court, though it would have to wait until the following year when she was out of mourning. With a final kiss from my Isabella, and a promise to be safe until we were reunited, I walked up the gangplank and Jasper and I waved from the deck until Isabella was out of sight. Five weeks at sea was not something I was terribly fond of, and Jasper often reminded me it was still shorter than the eight weeks possible if there were less favorable conditions. I managed to pass the time thinking about everything I had to accomplish once I arrived, and all I'd left in London. Upon arriving in Antigua on September 17th, Jasper escorted me to the Naval Base so I could meet those who would be responsible for the safety of our island and my ships and then after a hearty meal with them, we turned to make our way to the plantation. It was fortunate that I'd thought to bring the carriage, as it helped us greatly with traversing the island, and the horses were more than happy to be off the boat. Even Strider, my new riding horse, was content to have Jasper ride him as we rode up the lane to the plantation house. The servants and staff greeted me warmly, and once I was given a tour I was content with what I would be offering my family when they arrived. I dug into my work, with little to distract me, and soon I had the plantation back to the way it had been before the pirates had burned the field. Every other month when one of my ships arrived, a crate or two would be unloaded from England and set aside until my family was here to sort through it. Jasper was a good companion to have as he was just as anxious for every ship to arrive. By December the pirate threat was lessened, though never truly gone as I learned in my brief time here, so I wrote to Isabella and told her that as soon as they were able, they could travel to their new home. The next letter from her shocked me. Dearest Edward, Though I would love to be on the next ship to see you, it seems I must wait until the spring. You left me with precious cargo of my own to care for, so I will set out after the birth of our child. All my love, Isabella Masen It killed me that I had missed seeing her with child, but I knew there were three women doting on her, and Carlisle was there to keep them from going overboard. Ships traveled slower over the winter months with storms near England making it slow going, but as the New Year began I saw more items arrive on my ships. Jasper had arranged for a Naval Ship that was being dispatched here with a crop of new sailors to transport my family, leaving a few weeks before a ship that would be weighed down with the last of their belongings. When that ship arrived on the first of April, I grew excited, for I knew the naval ship would travel faster since it was built for speed. It was with this knowledge that I eagerly met Jasper out front when he arrived with one of the livery wagons to carry my family's belongings back to the plantation. It would be a tight fit in the carriage, but Carlisle and I would manage it on the driver's bench well enough for the ride home. Pulling up to the docks with Jasper, we saw the ship already docked and the belongings being carried down by the crew, but it was the earsplitting scream that had me turning just before Isabella leapt into my arms. I spun her around, before placing her on the ground so that I could kiss her, earning several catcalls from the sailors before Jasper let out a whistle to silence them. From behind her, I heard a whimper and we both turned to see the tiny bundle in Alice's arms. "It seems someone wants to meet their Papa," Isabella smiled. "Edward, this is your daughter, Renee Esme Masen." Reaching down to hold my daughter for the first time, everything felt right. I had loved her mother, my beloved wife, for as long as I could remember. And now, with this new life in a new land, we would be free to live and love as we wished.