as if demanding some sort of explanation. But Edward had none. Here he was, thinking that Isabella was his when she already belonged to someone else. He felt a fool. "I see no reason why not," King Carlisle replied with a smile, much to Edward's distress. He knew his father had no purpose to impede the nuptials, and confessing to lying with the woman would be in poor taste for the future heir to the throne. "Many blessings to you both." "Thank you, Sire!" Jacob exclaimed, positively jubilant. Isabella looked as if someone had signed her execution order. The men looked pleased, looking upon the young couple with promise. Edward thought he was going to be sick. He needed to talk to Isabella. Now. "May I express my deepest, most heartfelt congratulations with a dance?" Edward asked Isabella, only then to remember the other man in her life. "If your betrothed does not protest." Despite his obvious dislike and the inappropriate timing of the request, Jacob did not deny his prince. Most men had the sense not to steal another man's betrothed right after the engagement, but Edward hadn't the mind to care, and Jacob hadn't the spine to defend what was set to be his. Jacob let Edward whisk Isabella off to where the other couples were already lining up. They stood across from one another, the tension palpable. Before, it was a tension that had them both clamoring for each other. Now, it was one that bordered on explosive, as if they were both hovering towards the edge of something dark and unknown, growing closer to falling with each step they took in time to the minstrel's strum. Isabella's hand met his in the middle of the floor, and he seized his chance. "Engaged?" Edward hissed, feeling stung. "You lie with me and conveniently forget to mention that you are tied to another man?" "Not of my own choosing," she fired back, the grip on his hand crushing as she spun in slow half circles. "It is not so easy to get out of a marriage when it has already been arranged for you." They parted, pairing off with other dancers for a few counts before coming back together. Isabella looked positively furious, both with him and herself. It was a feeling Edward was beginning to know all too well. "This brute…he is to be your husband ?" Edward ground out the last word, the thought of someone else laying a hand on his Isabella driving him mad. "Not if a certain Prince has anything to say about it." "Isabella, I cannot - " Edward cut himself off, trying to find the right words to say. Isabella's family was from the high country and the Blacks from the low. Tensions had been strained between the two for years, and as badly as he wanted her, he could not possibly start a war over a single woman. "It is not so simple. There are rules…there are treaties I am forbidden to break…and as the prince I cannot - " She shushed him with a finger to his lips. The music kept going, but they had long since stopped dancing. "Jacob is a good man. He is sweet and steady and sure. He will treat me with kindness and compassion, and I shall be happy as his bride," Isabella recited, though the words did not reflect equally with the pain in her eyes. "But he is not you. When I first set my eyes upon you, you were merely a conquest, a last hurrah before every choice was ripped from my hands. But then…when we were together…my heart shifted, and I knew I could never again be happy with another man." "Isabella…" Edward groaned, torn between wanting to kill her and kiss her. "Fight for me Edward," she insisted. "Fight for me as I fought for you. Do not let me slip away. Because I will marry Jacob and resent you every day I am his wife." "This is madness," he whispered. "No," she replied, lips tickling the shell of his ear as she spun past him. "This is love." The words were ghosts, barely there and then gone with swish of her red gown, leaving Edward alone on the dance floor. Edward felt hollow, at a loss. Never in his life had he felt so conflicted. This day had brought him many tumultuous turns and victories, but none so striking as this. It was as if he were at war with his own heart. All the hours and lessons spent learning, mastering the art of ruling yet he was letting his heart rule him. If he went to war for Isabella, there was no guaranteeing he would come out the victor. The low lands, though considered more primitive and lacking in resources, were far better numbered for battle. Jacob could summon a thousand men - the angry sons of underpaid farmers and shepherds and the like - for every hundred Edward could pay. Fighting was a fool's errand. How disappointed his father would be for launching Forks into rebellion. How reckless it was to destroy an entire kingdom over a woman. And yet, there Isabella stood across the room, leaning on Jacob's arm as he laughed and told others of their recent engagement. Edward's blood boiled. He had half a mind to storm up to Isabella and claim her for himself. Then, the cretin leaned in for a kiss – a modest peck on the cheek but a kiss still – and that was it. Edward had made up his mind. He was going to fight for Isabella as she had for him, consequences, his father, and the whole kingdom be damned. She was the first thing he had ever truly wanted for himself, and he was not going to let her be taken from him right in front of his eyes. Jacob had unknowingly started a battle for Isabella's heart, winner take all. May the best man win.