doing great," I answer honestly. "She's at her grandparents' now, impatiently waiting for you calling her tomorrow, and probably having her grandpa reading every wish from her pouty lips in the meantime." He chuckles. "Dad is forever wrapped tightly around her little finger." "In her defense, she is one incredibly cute Superman-Fairy," I add. That makes him roar with laughter. "Is she still wearing that outfit?" Edward's brother Emmett had given the set of sparkly fairy wings to Nessie last Christmas. "For my little pixie," he'd said. Emmett's wife Rosalie, who is a professor for feminism, had deemed them too gender-specific and therefore gotten my daughter a Superman costume for compensation. "She loves her aunt and uncle's gifts. Though not as much as her daddy's," I reply. Edward's laughter dies down and morphs into a wistful smile. "The bear never leaves her side?" I shake my head. "Never, not even for bath time." I didn't intend to go there –this was supposed to be a happy evening– but I cannot seem to help it. The words just break out of me. "She always says that Marsy is going to bring her daddy home." Edward's breath hitches painfully. Although the hologram doesn't do them justice, I can still see his emerald eyes becoming watery with unshed tears. "I miss her too," he chokes through the longing I know he feels in every cell of his body, just like me, just like our precious baby. "God, how much I want to touch you now." I press my eyes shut, desperately fighting the tears back that are about to tumble down my lids any second, when a strange sensation kisses my left cheek. I know what it is; we have done this before, him trying to touch me via the hologram. The feeling is hard to describe: it's slightly tingling from the electric light waves but also cool like a gentle breeze on a warm summer's day. It's nothing like the addictive warm touches that I crave from my husband, but it's a soothing reminder that he is here, that no matter how many millions of miles are between us, he will always be here. When the sensation disappears I take a deep calming breath and open my eyes and force a happy smile on my face. "So," I mimic his tone from earlier. "how was your day?" He flashes me a grin, showing me that he knows exactly what I just did there. "Good. Our team has made some remarkable process lately. Despite it being called 'the Red Planet' its soil is extremely fertile and our green stuff grows here very well." His voice becomes more and more excited with every word, like it always does when he talks about his work. That is another thing I love about Edward so much – his passion for everything he does. Nessie is taking after her father here again. "Of course discovering water here a couple years ago definitely helped." It had been speculated for centuries, even yearned for by the scientific world. Water means life, and water on another planet means life beyond our lovely Mother Earth. When scientists did find usable water on Mars in 2016 the world went mad. It had taken almost forty years, but eventually technology caught up to human imagination and early this January we were able to send an expedition, a group of well-trained men and women, on the very first voyage to Mars. Among them, the renowned astrophysicist Edward Cullen. He received the offer two years ago. He would obtain the appropriate training within two years and then participate on the mission for another year. When he told me about this, my first instinct was to scream. How dare he leave me and his infant daughter behind for some frozen block of stone floating in outer space! Then, the thought of barely seeing him for two and then not at all one long year –or worse– hit me, and I just wanted to beg, to throw my arms around him and hold him and never let go. But then the mist of anger and desperation lifted and I saw Edward, clearly saw him. I saw the excitement in his eyes, saw his entire body vibrating with anticipation, saw the many times he took me out on a deserted beach or a quiet clearing in a forest, saw us lying there for hours while he pointed at constellations and planets far, far away… "That sounds like a fantastic opportunity, Edward," was what I eventually said when he'd finished, buzzing with ardor and looking at me with equal caution and expectancy. "This is a one-in-a-lifetime chance at fulfilling your dream. I love you and I believe you should take it." He's been away for nine months now. Only three more until Christmas. Until his return. I haven't been kidding when I texted him this afternoon that I was counting the minutes. I am counting them. Whenever I take our daughter alone to kindergarten; whenever I talk to his parents and see how much they worry for their eldest son; whenever I go out with Emmett and Rose and feel them missing their brother; whenever Nessie talks to Marsy before she falls asleep; whenever I am in bed at night, alone, staring up at the starry night that he loves so much. I count every second that separates us. And I know that despite this being a dream come true, he does so too. I see it in his eyes, every time he calls; every time he notices how much our daughter has grown without her father at her side. Three hundred million miles. Three months. Eight million seconds. Yes, long distance relationships suck. But my mother was wrong. They are not a waste of time. So I put on a brave smile and raise my glass, as does Edward on his side. "To your Martian cabbage," I toast jokingly. "To our Superman-Fairy," he adds. "To love." "To us."