rightful alpha, Jake. Oh, also Leah, the first female wolf. Then sweet little Seth. Paul loved being a wolf. He was the most aggressive and fastest one in the Pack. That being said, following orders was never easy for him and Sam tired to order him around as little as possible. Sam Uley had a soft spot for Paul, a favoritism that the rest of the Pack envied. However, besides Sam and Elsa, no one really knew how deep Paul's hurt ran. Paul was closed off from the rest of the Pack. None could even see into his mind when phased, a skill he acquired due to the circumstances of his life. Now, Paul lived in his own home, the one where his coward father, murdered his mother. He made the place his own, bare and simple. After he graduated high school, Paul began working at a club right by the University of Washington. It was good pay and meant all the ass he wanted. The ladies practically threw themselves at him. He never saw the same girl more than once, maybe twice if he was having a bad week. He didn't care for a relationship and swore on his life to never let anyone in. So here he was, off work early, making his way down the main road. There was a bonfire tonight and that meant moonshine and moonshine meant getting drunk. Regular liquor didn't do the job for him. He needed the real stuff. He was speeding as usual but started to break when he saw a huge Chevy truck stopped in the middle of the road. As he got closer, he inhaled the sweetest smell. Vanilla and lavender. His wolf urged for him to stop and so he did. In front of him, slamming her tiny hands on the hood of her car, was the most captivating girl he had ever seen. As soon as he came to a stop, her eyes were fixated on him, watching his every move. She'd stopped hitting her car and instead, turned all her focus to the mysterious man. Getting out of his car, he cautiously approached her. In the time it took to approach her, his gaze assessed her body. She was tiny, perhaps around 5'1…petite in general but a midget compared to his towering 6'6". She was… beautiful. Her face was soft, lips plump and red, nose small, and her eyes— The world stopped. All he could see was her. His heart ached for her. Paul's mouth slightly opened, not speaking and just staring at her. Bella Swan froze as this handsome mystery man approached her. He was big…bigger than Jake. Tan skinned, Bella could tell right away that he was a Quileute. Standing right in front on her, she waited for him to speak but all he did was stare with those eyes. Those eyes. There was something untamed about them. About him. Those eyes stared at her…hard. Bella started to feel uncomfortable. She cleared her throat, hoping that would get him to say something. Nothing. Not trusting her own voice, Bella whispered, "Uh…hi." That seemed to do it. He blinked, as if he was unsure of what to say. Bella would've missed it but she saw his lip curl back as he quietly whispered, " Mine." "Um…what? I'm sorry, you didn't have to stop. My car just stopped on me in the middle of the road. Otherwise, I would've pulled over to the side of the road…obviously. Um," Bella rambled, not knowing what to say. "Let me see if I can help with that," he said, in a deep voice that she longed to hear again. What the heck was wrong with her? She felt hot. The way he said those words…Bella licked her lips. "You really don't have to." She really wanted him to though. Brushing past her, they briefly made contact for a quick second. He was hot too, like really hot. Just like Jake. He pushed her the hood of her car up and started working on God knows what. He also had the same tattoo. Interesting. Paul didn't know what to say to her. For fucks sake, he never had trouble talking to any girl before. She left him speechless. He remembered her. She was Chief Swan's daughter, the girl always in Jake's head. "I'm sorry. You're very kind for helping me. I called my father but he's at work. Oh, right…I'm Bella by the way. Probably should've introduced myself first." He could tell she was nervous and that she rambled a lot. "I'm Paul. Paul Lahote," he mumbled. Paul. It was safe to say, Bella Swan had butterflies in her stomach. Her face flushed once again and Paul couldn't help but give her the sexiest smile she had ever seen. Goodness, what had gotten into her? Bella Swan and boys were never a thing. She was, to put it frankly, completely inexperienced in the love department. She'd never even kissed a boy! To Bella, guys were a distraction and love was really nothing but trouble…look at her parents. Plus, boys weren't really interested in her to begin with. She was comfortable being alone…all she knew was how to be alone. "You're all set." She found herself wishing he hadn't finished so quickly. He found himself wishing the same. "I uh, I really appreciate it, Paul." The wolf purred as she said his name. "Yeah, no big deal," he brushed off. "I guess I'll see you around," she said, her voice soft. "Yeah, something like that," he smirked. Bella hopped into her car, unable to explain the feelings that overcame her. Boys are nothing but trouble, she reminded herself. For some odd reason though, she couldn't brush off the feeling that Paul Lahote, was different. She was confused. He could tell as she jumped into her car. Fuck. He didn't know how to feel either. He knew one thing though…he wanted her. He wanted her more than he has ever wanted anyone.