"That's it? I'll do anything for you" He announced. " It's not as easy as it seems." They have very cunning abilities. They can see the future; they can play with your mind, they can send messages to your brain to make you kill yourself. Don't worry though, it only works on supernatural people." I said as calmly as I could. " It's going to be all right, all you have to do is listen to what ever Phoenix tells you to do, and you'll be fine." He didn't even care about if he was going to be ok; all he cared about was me. " What about you?" he asked looking at his feet. When I didn't answer he looked up at me with a stern look. " Well?" " Uhh… well you know my safety is the least of my worries, you have to be alive and human by the time Crown Chemical Co. leave. Lets not go off task. We'll be leaving over winter break. We've already told your parents that we are going London and asked you to come. Obviously they said yes and were happy that you made good friends. Oh, and one more thing, they don't think we are that close yet, ok?" He wasn't even paying attention to me. He was picturing the things they would do to me if I got caught. " Stop it, ok. Sometime I really wish that I couldn't read minds!" I said exasperated. " Sorry but I'm not letting you do anything that might hurt you, and I don't care what it is!" he was really mad. " Fine" he finally agreed, "but if anything happens to you…" he tried to threaten but had no idea of what he could do. I giggled. " Go to sleep I said as I cuddled close to him. It would get really cold at night here in Baltimore. " Fine see you in the morning, ok?" he said sweetly. I chuckled lightly and kissed his forehead . " Niki! It's me Phoenix just an update." I completely tuned out of Alex's dream and paid close attention to Phoenix. "They're coming in two days after winter break starts, so you have to leave a couple days ahead ok?" he said trying not to sound like a jerk. " Niki? Are you all right?" asked Alex. " Huh, yeah I'm just getting an update from Phoenix, I'll be leaving in a few days." He was upset. I stopped listening to his thoughts. I was looking strait in his eyes and he was looking in mine. He is probably thinking about what's going to happen. He closed his eyes and did something so unexpected, but it made my body melt into lava. He kissed me. I could smell his blood. It smelled like lemon and mint. I was so close to it. NO! I could not! I slowly pulled away, knowing I was going to miss him. A lot. "Sorry if you didn't want me to do that" he sad a little upset that it didn't go on any longer. " No, I couldn't control myself- go to sleep I'll see you in the morning. I have to go to a family meeting now, ok, goodnight." I leaned in to kiss his head, but he pulled my head down and kissed me passionately. Couldn't resist staying ther e and enjoying myself. " Niki! Get over here!" yelled Jilly and John. " I have to go Jilly and John are getting mad." I said sheepishly. " Ok, bye, I'll miss you terribly." he said disappointedly. I smiled at him and jumped out of his window. " Ok I'll help you pack, volunteered Rachael. "Oh me too, and me, and me" and every other girl volunteered. " Rae, Phoenix come on." I said " Oh my god, if you wear any fashionable clothes, even though you don't have any, they are totally going to rip!" Complained Rachael. " Lay off Rae" "Come on, give her a break, she has a lot going on." Replied Phoenix. " It's not like I'm listening to her anyway," Phoenix and I laughed. " Hey a least I try to look my best, unlike some people I know!" she fought back with an exaggerated voice. " Who cares?" asked Phoenix. " Apparently you" I said in smugish way. " Humph" Phoenix stubbornly sighed. " Ok, so you guys know what to do right? Or do you want me to repeat it?" asked Phoenix in his most manly voice. " We got it for the last time stop being such a worry wart!" yelled Rachael. " He has a reason to worry, Rae. If any thing goes wrong, he won't forgive himself and neither will Alex!" I said defending Phoenix. She stuck her tongue out at me and left. " This is going to be a long break." I said sarcastically. " You bet." said Phoenix in the same tone. " Ok, so your all packed and ready to go?" I asked Alex with a motherly tone. " Yes, for the last time, worry about yourself not me! I'm just a human who has nothing to do with you!" that took me by surprise. I cupped my hands to is face and said" Your have everything to do with me, you're my soul mate and you can't do anything about, and I know that you don't want to anyway." " I'll miss you while I'm in London." he said with a longing voice. " So you know what to do, right? Just be careful, ok?!" I said worriedly. "Ok, bye. You better be ok when I get back." He said worriedly. "I'll be fine it's you we need to be worried about, ok?" he waved goodbye and I waved back. I saw him slowly get into the plane and then it taking off. I knew then that it was time for me to go to the Mary Lynn National Forest Reserve.