threatened me. 'If your elders find out you break our deal, we come after you all.' I had no clue what she was talking about... It wasn't until after her destruction that I learned of the betrayal." My eyesight sharpened, my teeth clenching hard against themselves as my nails grew long and black against the bark I sat on. "Those bastards had a deal with the vampires! They would ' protect ' us from other covens so long as we kept them well fed!" I punched the wood beneath me and it quickly gave way. "And I was the only one who didn't know! Those bastards were working with the enemy!" My vision almost turned completely red at the memory of what those Elder fools had been and we're capable of before a very warm and large hand was placed on the back of my neck. It instantly had a soothing effect on me, something I now came to realize my own -previous- Alpha could never accomplish. More than likely it was because his moral compass was fucked up. I sighed, leaning towards his touch as a soft purr escaped me. Instantly, I opened my eyes and sat straighter. "Well, that's embarrassing," I mumbled as I looked into the trees again. Sam chuckled at my reaction as I shrugged him off. He sounded like a mystery wrapped in dark, velvety chocolate… because my head wasn't seriously fucked up already. Fucking Alphas with their fucking power scents. Sometimes I swore they were worse than that sickly sweet smell I hated so much. Ugh! "What happened then?" I shrugged, thankful that he had interrupted my internal monologue again. "I was exiled. I now have the mate of a crazy bitch following me, maybe even his whole coven, and my old tribe as well." "Your tribe?" I looked at Sam again. He was confused, it was noticeable in his dark eyes. But there was also something lethal in them, like he really didn't like the fact that my tribe was after me too… "Why are they after you as well?" Oh, right. How to explain this without sounding like we're full of shit? "Each member of my tribe is blessed with a spirit, or so they say. Where I come from we all possess an extra ability and none of them are ever the same. Ergo, a long time ago there was a war between two brothers. One was Alpha and the other would not submit, so he challenged him. Which was his right, I mean, the Alpha can get challenged for his position… Anyway ! It was then that we learned that by defeating his brother, the Alpha, that he was able to gain his ability…Adding to their previous power..." Sam remained quiet for a moment as he took in the information. "And your ability," he finally asked. I shrugged again. "Nothing special. I'm just a really good melee fighter… A really good one," I whispered. I heard the rustling of Sam's jeans as he stood. I glanced his way from my peripheral. His face was a stoic mask set in stone once again. Whatever he was thinking about I couldn't even try to get a glimpse of. "Stay with us." Shocked, I turned to face him completely. Was he insane? "No," I shook my head. "This isn't your fight." "You're outnumbered,"he countered. "That's not your concern." Sam growled then, and my inner beast shuddered and shrunk back. "The moment you came in contact with our borders you became my concern. The moment you entrusted me with the lives of your remaining pack, you became my concern. You will not fight alone." Dark yellow circled the edges of Sam's eyes as he glared at me. "But… why? If I leave now, they will follow me elsewhere, away from all of you." The silence was deafening again before he spoke, his voice back to that previous chocolatey goodness. "Because my wolf recognized you," was his explanation as the air around us thickened again. The energy was almost suffocating and I quickly bowed my head. "Because you recognize me as your Alpha." His last words were grovely. I could tell his wolf was very close to the surface… And he was right. My inner beast did recognize him as my Alpha. Fuck ! Mutely, I nodded. He was right, he was all sorts of right… And this was fucked up. He placed his large and warm hand on my neck again, quickly easing me from the Alpha Presence until my head collided with his chest… His very warm and strong chest. "You and yours are pack...and we stand with pack, understood?" My energy reserves were quickly dying out on me now as I leaned into his strength. Lethargy was settling into my muscles as I whispered an 'okay' and nodded my head once more. I closed my eyes as the weight of the situation finally set in. I wasn't alone anymore. I had a new family that I still needed to get acquainted with but I knew deep down that it would work out. I could feel the bond Sam encouraged toward his pack start to repair the hole I had from breaking away, overtaking it. And together we'd all be safe, though I still questioned why he accepted me so quickly. Kind of. My inner beast shuddered again, but this time I understood why as Sam lowered his head toward my neck and nuzzled my hair. I physically shivered this time. It was a very wolffish act, but it was one I was very well acquainted with as he picked me up and began to walk us home; toward my new tribe and family. I'm quite excited about this fic, as well as everything else I have in the works. I hope that I've left subtle clues as to what's going on (or could go on) without actually giving antyhing away. Can't wait to hear some of your thoughts. Please R&R. Much Love~