her front window, where her Christmas tree should have been. Instead, there was darkness. They quickly entered the house to hear a whirring sound. "Ah, shit," Ashley said. "Bella, unplug the tree. I told Greg I didn't want the damn thing." "What, Nana?" "A spinning tree stand." She gestured to a cream and blue mass. "The tree was too close to the curtains." "So the curtains are wrapped around the tree?" "Damn things ate the Christmas tree." Two days before Christmas, the stockings caught on fire. "I think the fire is high enough, Charlie," Sue said from the couch. "Just one more log." He tossed said log on the fire and faced the room. "There. It'll be toasty in no time." "Holy shit!" Renee exclaimed. Charlie turned around to see sparks flying up from the fireplace. A few landed on the stockings that were hanging down, catching them on fire. Seth and Paul quickly tore them down and threw them into the fire. "I told you the fire was high enough," Sue said, taking a sip of her cocktail. One day before Christmas, I needed brain bleach . . . and witnessed a fight in the manger. Bella stumbled up the stairs to the bathroom. After emptying her bladder, she shuffled into her room, yawning. At her dresser, she pulled out her underwear and cracked open her eyes. "Oh sweet Jesus," she muttered, slapping a hand over her eyes. "You know, you could have said something," she told her mother. "You could have knocked," Renee countered. "Hey, Bells," Charlie said from the hallway. "Have you seen - oops! There you are." Bella peeked through her fingers. Yep, her mother was still in her position on top of Phil, covers below her ass. Her hands were covering her breasts. Phil's hands were flexing and squeezing Renee's hips. "Are-are you still going?" she screeched. Renee shrugged. "We're exhibitionists, Bella. Phil's about to cum so why stop." "You are so wrong," she grumbled as she bypassed her father. "Still looking good, Renee," she heard Charlie comment. "Brain bleach, a couple of gallons worth. That's what you can get me for Christmas," she called out. "So they kept fucking!" Kim whisper-shouted. "Shh. Yes, with me and Dad standing right there." "Wow. Okay, so whose Joseph, the innkeeper, the shepherd and the angel. We all know that Layla Mallory's Mary." "My brother, Avery, is Joseph," Austin said. "I remember him," Bella commented. "He's the one who helped me load the bikes." "The angel is Katie Logan, the shepherd is my cousin, Lacey," Angela continued, "and the innkeeper is Tyler's brother, Nick." "Here come our wise men," Kim squealed. Seth led Collin and Brady to the front, presenting their gifts to Mary and Joseph. Collin and Brady sent a wink and a kiss to Mary. Joseph scowled. "Of course they would flirt during the nativity," Sam grumbled. "Hey, look at Seth," Jared said. The pack's eyes found the oldest of the trio, whose gaze was locked with the angel. "Another one bites the dust," Embry said. "Why's Nick frowning?" Emily asked. "Because Brady just imprinted on the shepherd," Jake answered. "Avery's getting pissed," Austin observed. "Collin needs to cool it with the flirting." "That's it!" Avery Marks yelled, standing up. "Keep your lips to yourself, asshole. My girl's not interested in you." "Really? That's not what she was screaming last night," Collin fired back. "You don't know jack shit." The wolf smirked. "She's got a tattoo on the inside of her thigh. Black widow spider. Got it two days ago, so of course missionary was out of the question." Avery let out a strangled scream and lunged for Collin. In the process, he knocked into Lacey. Brady growled, reaching for Avery. Nick stepped in and pushed Brady back. Seth sighed, helped Lacey up and reached up for Katie. His back was turned to the fight briefly as he lowered Katie to the ground. Nick was pushed into Seth and blindly reached for the collar of the robe as he fell. The rip could be heard throughout the square. Seth's bare ass was on display to all of Forks and La Push. "Does the boy not know what underwear is?" Charlie queried. "Nice," Renee commented. "Bet you could bounce a quarter off it." "Mom!" Bella exclaimed, horrified. "Best nativity ever," Nana Ashely said to Old Quil. On Christmas Day, I received the best Christmas present ever. Bella was finally able to relax. It seemed as if the last two weeks were one mishap after another. Except for the time under the mistletoe. That was a yummy moment. She leaned back into Leah's couch, remembering. Paul captured her attention by pulling her to her feet. They stood in the middle of the room, all conversations tapering off. "Twenty months ago, this spitfire stood up for a friend who she thought was being bullied. I looked into her eyes and knew this was the girl for me. I admit that I didn't have the best reputation, but eventually she tamed the beast inside." Those in the know of the pack snickered. He dropped to one knee. "Isabella, will you marry me?" He pulled out a white gold ring topped with a sapphire. Her breath caught in her throat, her eyes captured by the ring. Several minutes passed by. He began to get nervous. "Babe?" "Jesus, Swan," Leah called out. "This is where you answer the man." Bella raised her gaze to Paul's. "Yes," she breathed. He whooped and pulled her into a kiss. "Can't get rid of me now, pale face." "I think it's the other way around, wolf man." She removed a stick from her pocket. She turned it where he could see the two pink line. "Can't get rid of us now." Paul dropped to the ground, Bella on his chest. She slapped his cheeks to get him to wake up. "Told ya," Embry gloated. "Pay up, suckers." The other wolves groaned and handed over their money.