knew we weren't mates… Not true mates at least…" At last, Elena peered up at Jasper, her eyes bright and moist from the venom that gathered in her eyes. He felt her curiosity now as it slowly rolled off of her. "Can you talk," he questioned gently as he gazed down at her. She quickly hid her face, her embarrassment making him chuckle. "I can guess at why you feel what you do, but I can't read minds like Edward can. I only feel them, and well, you're leaving me in the dark right now, Darlin'." She nodded into his chest and understanding flowed through her toward him. She finally settled her face sideways on his chest, looking into the horizon as the sun began to rise. They sat quietly, her hands finally loosening but he wasn't letting her go. He let her war out her emotions, letting her gather her thoughts before he felt her resign and slowly wrap her arms around his torso. "Don't do this because you think you have to. It's still new, still- "How are you alright with this," she interrupted quietly, her voice barely above a whisper. It was enough for Jasper to catch but not enough for the rest of the household to hear. "How are you okay dismissing her so easily?" A spike of fear crept up Elena's chest as she finally understood that she'd even entertained the idea of giving this a thought. Jasper's arms tightened around her, bringing her flush against him as he leant back onto the roof top. He nuzzled her hair and breathed her in. She was earthy, spicy almost but with a hint of gardenias. She smelt like home to him. "Didn't you hear me the first time," he admonished amusedly. "Alice and I weren't true mates. And I'm not casting her aside." He felt Elena push against him but he held firm. "Not like that, Elena." She sighed, resigned, and stopped her movements. "I'm not casting her aside just like that. We're still friends. We got into this companionship knowing that one day we'd find our match." "How can I be your match?" "Who better to know me... To know you." Elena remained quiet for a moment before shuddering at the thoughts of her past. He nuzzled into her hair again. "A bright soul told me once that our past doesn't make us who we are today, it only helps define us." "I-I'm a monster then." "Were." She looked up at him. "So was I," he spoke with conviction. "Can you truly say that's what you are now? Are you still doing Maria's work? Do you consider me a monster?" She sighed and shook her head. "No… You're pretty much a hero." He chuckled. "Doubtful." "It's true. We looked up to your legends back a camp. And then to see you in action, for all the right reasons-" "Reasons you helped with. Don't sell yourself short there, Darlin'." She sighed but began to understand what he was talking about. She began to accept this awakening that she was receiving. She glanced at him before her eyes settled back on the sun. "What is it," he whispered, still twirling a piece of her hair as he remained lying back with his eyes closed. "Peter and Charlotte… Rosalie and Emmette…" He nodded at the names she mentioned. Embarrassment colored her emotion, making her hold her tongue. Sneakily, he sent her a little bit of confidence, just enough to get her to open up but enough to for her to know it was his doing. She glared at him. "Does this mean we forego everything and jump each other? Because I'm not so sure I want to jump you just yet…" Jasper's golden eyes opened in shock. That was not what he was expecting before he started laughing. He noticed she chuckled with him before he shook his head. "No… No, I reckon we'd like to get to know each other first." She smiled at him, copying his southern drawl as she replied, "I reckon you'd be right, cowboy." The lazy smile that touched Jasper's lips spread to his eyes before he slowly flipped them over. He held himself above her and looked deep into her eyes. "We have a lot of fixin' to do." "I'll need more than just duck tape." "I got some hammers and nails." She laughed at his silliness, and he felt the bond pulse with her laughter. He'd make it his priority to hear her laugh more. She wiped at her eyes before calming down and looking at him. Her eyes focused on his chest before she slowly placed her hand where his non-beating heart lay. "Is this what they meant… Where you feel the bond?" She closed her eyes and sighed at his nod. It felt nice. The feeling of acceptance that he, and almost everyone here, exuded at her. No one blamed anyone for this outcome, not even Alice had a trace of jealousy as Jasper and Elena continued to speak on the roof. "I might regress." "Regress?" "To not talking." Jasper smiled, sending her a wave of understanding, one which she sent back with humor as he lowered himself more. "It'll be our secret then." Tentatively, she ran her hand through his hair and marveled at it's sheen and feel before pulling him down for their first kiss. And it was everything they'd both ever want or need. -The End- "TOLD YOU WE'D NEED HER!" "Por Dios, Peter! Let them be!" Please R&R. Much Love~ PS: I tried to be very subtle about how the subconscious works. Elena's sub conscious had already recognized friend, family and mate from everyone else. Another thing is that, I just don't see Alice standing NEXT to The Major as his equal, I find it rather hard. I could see Bella doing that, but this is a Canon/OC story~ Also, still no Beta so all errors are my own. I hope you enjoyed it. :D