truly usurp Leah's place at La Push. She then had an idea. If it appeared that Leah was somehow fine with her and Sam, then perhaps some of the animosity towards her will go away. Sue and Harry promised they would get Leah to come to the party tonight. When she told Sam she was more than a little angry at how his eyes lit up at just the possibility of seeing his precious Lee Lee. She knew what she wanted which was Leah being her Maid of Honor, helping her plan the wedding, and generally being seen with her for appearance's sake. To get what she wanted, she was going to have heavy emotion and waterworks. Little did she know that her needy, helpless act would backfire this night. "Where's Leah?" she asked making her voice tremble. "She's not coming." Sue said flatly. "But, why?" Emily whimpered. Seth could see Old Quil rolling his eyes. Harry, finally seeing through Emily's act asks, "Why do you really want Leah here?" "I miss her and I wanted her to be my Maid of Honor." she stated quietly. "Are you really that thick, Emily? Why would Leah do that for you when you screwed Sam in her bed before he even broke up with her?" a very blunt Seth asked to everyone's shock. Emily's eyes widened at Seth's tone and words. Sweet Seth who, although very loyal to Leah, was starting to see her side in this situation. Its not like she forced the imprint to happen, so who can blame her for making the best of it. Old Quil who loved Leah like a daughter threw the bottle of beer he was holding against the wall in anger. "We TOLD you both that the mind of the man was ALWAYS in charge! We also told that if you weren't going to fight the imprint to break up with Leah BEFORE YOU WERE TOGETHER! But I guess you are more like your Father than we thought Uley!" Sam, stricken at the dressing down in front of his pack, didn't even comfort Emily who was starting to cry real tears. "Neither of you respected my sister. All she did was love you both." Seth brokenly said. He was guilty of hurting Leah as well. Of the three in the love triangle, Leah was clearly the strongest. In his bliss of having pack brothers, he just wanted all of the bad feelings to go away. The day he tried to lecture her on forgiveness she looked at him like he was a stranger. He followed her babbling nonsense in the hopes that the ice that had settled in his spine would dissipate. When she entered her room, she slammed the door in his face. He then knew it would be a cold day in Hell before she would forgive him his betrayal. It was at that moment that he was put into the same category as Sue and Harry. On a smaller level, Sam and Emily. Meanwhile, unnoticed by all, Kim sat in the corner and observed the disaster of the engagement party. She couldn't help but recall Jared trying to politely decline her hints at a romantic relationship. As if sensing her need, he crossed the room and went to his knees in front of her. Those beautiful eyes that Kim crushed on for two years looked into her face earnestly and said, "Ask what you will." "Emily told me that the imprint would never have happened if you hadn't had some feelings for me, deep down. That I needed to make you realize that we were meant to be together. Is this true?" Kim asked. "Dear God! Emily, what were you thinking?" Old Quil all but yelled. Emily bowed her head unable to look anyone in the face. "She was thinking that she would have another female to hang out with since no other female on the Res would give a home wrecking whore the time of day," Sue stated. This proved to be too much for Emily and she ran to her room crying. Sue knew that she may never win her daughter's trust back, but whether Leah witnessed it or not she would never forsake her for another again. Meanwhile, Jared looked deep into Kim's eyes and said, "Its my deepest desire that you be safe. But you will never be truly happy unless you are someone's choice. If someone is forced to love you its not genuine and like the imprint, it won't be permanent." Shocked, Kim stared at him. "The imprint is temporary?" "The pull will ease after a year. The need to protect you from harm is a lesson for the Spirit Warrior and a gift for the imprintee. Sam and Jared were the first two Spirit Warriors in generations. How can they protect the Tribe or teach those who shifted after them with no experience? Protecting a single person is meant to give them that. The pull is to ensure devotion to that task, not the person. Unfortunately, the imprintee has the ability to warp the gift and twist the bond." Old Quil stated. "So does that make Jared abnormally strong or Sam weak?" Paul asked. He was still angry that Sam commanded everyone outside of Seth to stay away from Leah. Sam may have stated that he didn't want Leah to be hurt anymore than she'd already been. But being inside his head, he knew that Sam was afraid of someone else imprinting on her. "Sam is settling. He knows he was undeserving of my daughter. And even if he left Emily tonight, Leah wouldn't touch him with a ten foot pole. Hell, I wouldn't allow it." Harry stated, finally realizing he was wrong to put the Tribe before his family. This proved to be Sam's breaking point. He stormed out of the back door. Moments later everyone heard an agonized howl and even the humans in the room shivered at pain heard in it.