over backwards. Emmett looked over at Edward, who just shrugged and stuffed the rest of the egg roll in his mouth. Rose sat up slowly, still giggling. "I knew I'd seen you somewhere before," she took a deep breath to suppress the rest of the giggles. "But aren't there three of you?" "Yeah," Edward wiped his mouth with a napkin. "There's me, Em, and our buddy Jasper." "So where's he?" Rose took a swig of her water. "He's got a place down south," Emmett answered. "We're just taking a break between tours." "So why didn't you just go with him?" she asked. "Jazz just got married," Edward responded with a grimace. "We wanted to give him time alone with his new wife." "Yikes," Rose wrinkled her nose again. "What's with the sour face?" "He married Ed's sister," Emmett chuckled. "And needless to say, Jazz's place is the last place we wanted to be." "And you guys are…" she cocked her head. "As single as it gets," Edward stated with a quick glance at Emmett, who was too busy gawking at Rose to notice. "Well, that's a relief," she smiled. "Poor Angie would be devastated." "Who's Angie?" Emmett inquired. "She's my twelve year old sister," Rose smirked, "And all she talks about is how she's going to marry Emmett McCarty someday. I just can't believe I didn't recognize you sooner." She grinned and looked over at him. "Wait till she finds out I live next to him!" She barely got out the last word before bursting into another fit of giggles. "If she's twelve, how old are you?" Emmett wanted to know. "Twenty-one," she answered, gasping for breath. "Seriously, dude, you are all over her wall. Literally, it's like she has Emmett McCarty wall paper." "You aren't going to tell her are you?" Emmett asked, elbowing Edward who had started to snicker. "Why not?" Rose folded her legs underneath her. "Well," he sighed, "We kind of moved to this corner of the woods so no one would bother us." "And you don't think people are going to find out anyway?" She eyed him suspiciously, taking note of the sharp tone in his voice. "She's got a point, Em," Edward nudged Emmett. "They're bound to find us eventually." "Yeah, but once one knows, then they all know," Emmett pointed out. "And then we have fourteen thousand teenagers gathered on our front lawn picking the grass." "Okay, okay. I see what you're getting at," Rose muttered, nodding her head. "I won't say anything." An awkward silence followed, none of them really sure what to say next. Rose could almost see where he was coming from, being apprehensive about all the media and fan attention. Her kid sister was obsessed, and it was hard to imagine having thousands of those types following your every move. "So," Edward broke the ice. "Do you live by yourself or what?" "Nah," Rose responded, pulling out her hair tie . Her soft blond locks flowed freely about her shoulders. "I have two roommates, but they're away. So little ole me is stuck at home all by myself." She pretended to pout and stuck out her lower lip. Emmett was mesmerized and just stared at her. "Aw… poor baby," Edward mock-sympathized. "Shut up," Rose tore off a piece of the roll she was eating and threw it at him. He swatted at it and it fell on the carpet beside him. He picked it up and threw it back at her. She ducked and it sailed over her head. They both giggled. "I just met you," she smirked. "And already you're a dork." "Am not!" he whined, then grinned at her. Emmett shoved his shoulder lightly. Rose stood and stretched, her little tank top inching up and exposing her flat stomach. Emmett's jaw almost hit the floor. She looked down at her watch and whistled. "Damn! Midnight!" she yawned. "I should get home." Emmett jumped to his feet, almost falling over himself in the process. He put out his arms to steady himself. "You'll be back tomorrow right?" he asked anxiously, regaining his balance. Rose chuckled and folded her arms. "And what if I said no?" she retorted with a raised eyebrow. "Then he's going to whine like a little baby all day," Edward pulled himself to his feet. "So if you don't mind, I'd rather not have to listen to him." "Fine, I'll come back tomorrow. I've got nothing better to do anyway." Rose laughed as Emmett's cheeks flushed in embarrassment. "I'll see you guys later." "Are you going to be okay walking home alone? I mean, I can go with you if you want," Emmett followed her to the door. "I'm a big girl, I think I can handle it," she said as she stepped out into the warm July evening. She took a deep breath and smiled. "But thanks anyway. Good night, Emmett!" She strode confidently across the lawn toward her own home. Emmett gazed after her and leaned his head on the door frame. "Stop, Em." Edward warned him. "I know what you're thinking and just stop it right now." Emmett grumbled and turned to face Edward. " Not all girls are like Lauren," he snapped as he locked the door. "It doesn't matter. You acted the same way when you met the gold-digging little-" "Edward!" Emmett growled. "Whore," Edward finished. "I don't want to see you get hurt again. You don't know this girl yet. Get to know her first before you get too involved." "It's not like I'm going to jump into bed with her tomorrow," Emmett snarled. "You did with Lauren," Edward fired back. Emmett glared at him, but didn't say anything because he knew Edward was right. "Just watch yourself. And for God's sake, Emmett, be careful." "I'll be fine." Emmett coldly reassured him. He walked up the stairs to his new room. Edward heard the door slam. " I hope so," Edward sighed and proceeded up the stairs after him.