I tuned out my breathing and the soft padding of my feet against the moist grass. It took around ten minutes before I heard a laugh that reminded me of Eli in the distance, so I changed my direction to where I heard it and jetted off into a full-blown sprint. 1, 2, 3, Breathe. I thought to myself quietly, 1, 2, 3, Breathe. I went like that for a while, counting in my head quietly, the wind cutting across my face which was making my eyes water. But it didn't really bother me. I kept running until I came across a clearing. I slowed down to a jogging pace, wiping the sweat off my forehead. At least I burned off the steak my mom whipped up for us. But then I felt like I got hit by a ton of bricks. I couldn't breathe right. I was shaking, and I wasn't even cold. For some reason this place looks familiar... There were the ferns by the thick set of bushes off towards the left, the wild daisies growing all around, and the large broken down tree trunck further into the clearing. I looked around confused, wondering why I thought that. I obviously never been in this area, so why did I register this in my mind as somewhere I know or been? I never once step foot on this reservation in my life! I must be having some wicked deja vu! I heard a growl and at first I thought it was my brother Hayden teasing me. I laughed lightly turning around and saw a big wolf towards the edge of the clearing where I came from a few minutes before. I couldn't really see that well so the wolf just appeared to be a dark figure of one. It barked at me in a tone that startled me. Why was Hayden barking at me? Was he mad at me for mom and dad yelling at him earlier? I started walking over to him, "What's the matter Hayden? Are actually mad at me for what happened?" I said confused, but as I walked closer the color of the wolf struck me. It wasn't the dark brown color that Hayden had in common with dad.. It was a Dark Tan and Light Brown wolf.. One that looked like the one I had dreamed about lately. I gasped lightly and took a step back. He looked me in the eyes and tensed up. I couldn't tell what the emotions that came across his face was but it scared me. I needed dad. I needed dad!' I felt a chill go up my spine, my palms sweating. I wanted to step foward towards the wolf. I felt some sort of pull towards this large creature. A emotion I wasn't aware exactly what it meant rose to my chest, causing my heart to speed up. Was this fear? It must be! It took all my strength to pull away from that spot and to started running. I darted through the trees as fast as I could, I didn't know why exactly but all that came across my mind was to get away. I never had feelings this intense before... Branchs starched across my face, leaving superficial cuts on my cheeks and forehead, stinging painfully. It was getting difficult to breathe because I was hyperventilating. But I pushed myself faster. You need to go back. No. I didn't. I need to get away. I needed dad! He can protect me! I think I heard footsteps breaking branches! I pushed myself faster, tears running down my face. Where is Mama? Where is Daddy? Hayden? Eli? I ran face first into a hard object, at first I thought it was a tree, but then I felt arms wrap around me. At first I resisted, trying to push away screaming for someone to help me. "Laura, Whats wrong?!" I heard my mother asked worriedly down at me. I looked up tears running down my cut up face and I saw her tense at the sight of my blood. She could handle herself around me, if just added to the effect of the moment that something happened. He wouldn't hurt you, go back. Who is talking to me?! That wolf looked like he wanted to kill me! Am I going insane with fear? I heard the whooshing sound of my father phasing in the brushes before popping out with a pair of sweat pants on. "Renesmee! What's wrong with Laura?!" He yelled coming to us with Hayden toddling towards us with Elisha straddling his back. Hayden whimpered lightly while looking me in the eye. Over the years I learned how to read his eyes, along with my father. Even in their human form I could tell by the look or facial expression what they were thinking or feeling. This time shocked me though, I had to check twice to see if I saw it right. Mistake. Maybe I did read him wrong, what could I've have possibly done that was wrong back there! "Laura saw a different wolf, and he growled and scared her!" Eli answered for me. My mom looked at my father concerned, " Does the pack know you're back Jacob?" Jacob growled and nodded, "Hayden and I met with the new pack about an half an hour ago, there are a few patroling the area tonight. The one that saw Laura thoughts were cut off from the group right when he saw her." He punched the trunck of the tree, causing it to crack and shake, before whispering too low for me to hear. I wouldn't have payed attention anyway. My mind was somewhere else. So many thoughts were going through my mind. But it all came back to one that confused me, was that wolf that I saw in my dreams? Hey you guys, please leave reviews telling me how you like the story so far! I will update as soon as I can!