out right away, hearing the awful noise it gave out before dying, and I got out of the car, still clad in layers upon layers of clothes and probably looking very suspicious. "Having some car troubles, miss?" called one of the guys, a greasy guy with long hair tied back in a ponytail. He looked like he was in his early thirties, while the other guy was probably eighteen. "Yeah," I said. Based on the awestruck expressions that crossed their faces, they probably thought they were listening to an angel talk. "It's an old car from the early 90s, think you can repair it? I'm not sure what's wrong with it." "Of course we can, pretty lady," the younger guy said. His nametag said Robbie. The long-haired dude was apparently named Jason. "Thanks," I said, ignoring his compliment. "How long should it take?" Jason had ducked underneath my car to check a couple things out while I pulled my suitcase out. "Probably a couple hours at the most. Hope you don't got to be anywhere, miss," Jason said, reappearing and wiping the grease from his hands with a towel he had thrown over his shoulder. Nah, I'm only running from two vampires who want to drag me back to their cult of a coven so I can join them and help them continue to rule the vampire world. "No, I've got time" was what I actually said. Newark was a pleasant town, small and quiet and with people who would look at you but not talk to you unless you talked to them. I didn't talk to anyone, of course, but they gave off that vibe. I had dropped my suitcase off at that motel, being forced to get a room. Demetri and Felix were coming for me but there was no way in hell I was leaving behind my precious car. That baby was a gift from my parents for my sixteenth birthday. It was the last thing I had left from them that I could hold onto. I wasn't going to abandon it. I kept anxiously looking at my phone to check the time, and also to watch for calls from Alice. It was strange that she hadn't called to alert me of my car breaking down. Maybe she was busy with having visions for something else. Probably something to do with that Bella girl. She sounds like the type who'd bring trouble with her, I thought. It was nearing ten-thirty. I had very little time before Demetri and Felix got to Newark, if they weren't here already. It wasn't like I could use my power to track them. Sure, I could sense people with it, but they had to be relatively close to me for it to work. I was working on being able to use it over larger distances – when I was a newborn people had to be right next to me – but this new development meant I couldn't exactly focus on developing my power further. Then my body stiffened as I turned a corner, body coiling as I sensed them. They were here, and they were coming for me. And from what I could tell, they had been tailing me. For a while. They had been just out of the range of my power for me to be able to tell they were there, and with all the human blood around me, I hadn't been able to pick up on their scents. I shuddered at the thought of human blood. You're so screwed, Cass. I didn't need my conscience telling me that. I knew I was screwed the moment Alice told me in the first place that Demetri was tracking me. In case I hadn't mentioned it before, he's the world's greatest tracker. You can't just hide from someone like that, especially when he was part of the Volturi. It was worse considering I'd never met the guy so I had no clue what to expect from him. They followed me for twenty minutes, through every twist and turn I took and despite all the people who walked past me. They were relentless, I would give them that, but I never gave them the satisfaction of knowing they put me on edge. I never looked back once, not even to see what I was up against, because that would tell them they made me nervous. What confused me was only one had negative-like intentions, while the other seemed…confused. Like he couldn't decide if what he was doing was a positive or a negative thing, or if he was just genuinely confused. My powers had grown recently so that I could pick up on the emotions involved with the intent, but it only worked with some emotions so far. Confusion was one of them. For the entire day they tailed me, sometimes drawing back so they were out of my range and other times getting a little bit closer to me. They were trying to intimidate me so I would come quietly, but Cassidy Daniels didn't go quietly. I would fight them the whole way. I wasn't going to head back to the garage to pick up my car, not when Demetri and Felix were right on my tail. I would have to throw them off, run back to get my car, and take off. I'd be leaving my suitcase at the motel, but I could always get more stuff later on. Dusk had fallen, and my wandering led us into a very quiet and eerie section of the town. There were old, worn-down houses with no life inside them, and that made me extremely nervous. I was even more nervous when they dropped out of my range, and when I turned around to look, I couldn't see either of them. My eyes narrowed. Where the hell did they go? I wondered, turning around. And I came face-to-chest with one of the red-eyed angels from hell. So what did you think? Review, follow, favorite!