dick pressed against her walls, producing aftershocks. She stared into Jake's cocoa eyes, which were hooded with desire. He licked his lips. "Ride it." The husky tone of his command made her even wetter. She steadied herself by weaving one hand into his now messy hair. She rested her other hand over his solid bicep. Ignoring her still-shaking legs, she wound her hips in a slow figure eight wanted nothing more than to make him feel half the pleasure he'd provided her. She whimpered when Jake took a nipple between his lips. "Jake, I can't cum a-" He shushed her. "You can." He gripped her hips, simultaneously raising his own so he slammed into her. "One more time, baby. Come on this dick one more time for me." He panted into her hair as he continued the punishing pace and chased the heat in the pit of his stomach. The current they'd shared all night threatened to override his focus on the beautiful woman in his arms. Renesmee noticed the change in rhythm. Pulling back a bit, she brushed his hair away and watched his gorgeous face contort with pleasure. She circled her hips and was rewarded with Jake's pleasured swears, as well as her own jolt of pure ecstasy. "Mmm, yeah," he moaned against her forehead. "Ren, ride it just like that." Renesmee felt the heat in her cheeks rise. It was ridiculous for her to be embarrassed now, but she couldn't stop the natural reaction. She felt vulnerable, and exposed, in more than one sense. She focused instead on the gorgeous man inside her, singing her praises and looking at her like she was the most beautiful creature on earth. She repeated the motion again and again until she couldn't control the moans or the way her body reacted. She arched into him as everything went white. Ness buried her face into his shoulder as she felt her body seize. Her hips continued grinding on their own accord, sparking new spasms in her legs as her insides tightened. Jake took control once more. There was no rhythm this time, just the primal need to feel her as deeply as possible. "Holy shit," Jake growled, thrusting into her one last time. He let out a low hum of contentment as his hips stuttered against her own two— three times. Renesmee fell back against the scratchy fabric of the old couch, her chest rising and falling rapidly as she tried to catch her breath. She winced when he pulled out. He noticed and placed a kiss just above her hipbone. Her legs were still draped over Jake's, leaving her completely exposed to him, but she was too punch-drunk to feel ashamed. He stretched his hands overhead and rolled his shoulders before he pulled the elastic out of his messy hair. He ran a hand through the inky black strands, taming the chaos and creating a whole new kind of chaos within Renesmee. "Freaking gorgeous." She immediately flushed red as she realized she'd spoken aloud. "You're the gorgeous one," Jake replied earnestly, no hint of teasing or amusement in his face. His eyes roamed her form again, and his hands followed, until he reached her left thigh. Rubbing the spot, he looked back up to her eyes. "I left a mark. I hope I didn't hurt you." "Of course not." She didn't mention that she was ecstatic to have a mark on her body from him. It would serve as a reminder that it really did happen, if only for a few days. Nor did she mention that she was already sore, but she would relish the feeling as well. "Besides, we're even," she added. He tilted his head to the right, waiting for an explanation. Renesmee sat up to run a finger over the red semi-circle on Jake's deltoid. "Right here. Apparently I bite during sex." "Apparently?" Jake's expression immediately went from bemused to concerned. As if he could feel her anxiety, Jake shot her that lopsided grin. "You will always associate sex with this ugly ass couch. Sorry about that." "And you, so it evens out." She sat up and took stock of her emotions. The physical connection had been broken minutes ago, but the electricity that fueled it was still there. Pulsing between them, threatening to overload her senses every time her calf brushed his hip and sides or each time his hand brushed down her back. "I know this is really forward, but—" Renesmee pursed her lips. "We just met two hours ago and I gave up my virginity. I think we're past 'forward'." "Right. Well, I just feel this connection to you. The fact that you're still here tells me that you feel it, too. I want to know what it is. If you don't agree, then i'll keep my distance the rest of the night and sleep on this couch, but I really want to spend the night with you. I want to get to know every thing about you, and kiss every inch of you, and tomorrow, I'll make sure you— and your perfect tree— make it home safely." Renesmee's face would have split if she smiled any wider. Of course, she'd felt the chemistry- the pulse towards this man the moment she'd laid eyes on him. She kissed him in lieu of a verbal response. This time was completely different. It was slow and gentle, a promise nestled within. The was the kiss of two people who knew there'd be many more opportunities in the future. "You know, I'm feeling much more excited for Christmas." Ness grinned when the broke apart. Jake's bright eyes twinkled. "Merry Christmas indeed." Happy holi... erm, summer! Seriously, though, don't forget sunscreen and enjoy the rest of the season. Summer goes by way too fast. For those of you reading my other stories, updates to Homecoming will be back soon, like next week. And I've been toying with some ideas for Screwing Fate. Feel free to leave reviews!