with Rosalie, Emmett and Esme. She saw Edward, Bella and their daughter approaching the group and started to tense, unsure with the situation and not liking the distance between her and her daughter. The two wolves that followed them didn't help ease her. Edward caught her gaze and raised a hand to placate her racing thoughts. She nodded softly, but still didn't take her eyes off her daughter. "That was not even necessary." Nahuel shakes his head, finally addressing her. "Act your age, at least in public." He says as he turns from Carlisle. She gives an unamused look, "my age you say? You want me to act my age? Hm. Interesting." Huilen turns to her nephew, "you are going to regret saying that later." She smirks before sliding forward gracefully to embrace the younger woman. "How have you been? I have missed you dearly, why did you leave so suddenly?" Worry marred her perfect features. The half breed looked back to her daughter and gestured with a nod. "That is my child." Huilen sucks in sharp gasp, "she is beautiful." She whispers but her gaze was sad as she turned back to her half breed friend. Nahuel raises a brow, "we saw you half a year ago, how long were you with child?" "Two months. She's nearly a month old now." A soft smile lights on her face seeing Vivian's giggling form lean heavily over Alice's shoulder to pinch Jasper. "She grows quicker than we did." "Vampire?" Nahuel asks. Huilen hisses, her gaze searching. The young girl nods. Nahuel eyes her, examining her closed answers. "Your father is involved." He deduced. "Enough Nahuel." Blue eyes hit brown, "I don't want her to hear about this." "You are lucky to be alive." He adds as his eyes narrow and he let's it go. Carlisle silently watches the exchange, noting every detail for later. Huilen starts to smile. "I want to meet her." Just then Alice skips over with Vivian in her arms, stopping beside the girls mother who holds out her hands in silent invite. Vivian latches onto her mother immediately. Alice moves to stand by Carlisle and the taller man wraps an arm around her shoulders and pulls her close. "Say hello." Mother whispers to daughter. Vivian peeks her head out, looking up at Nahuel's tall form shyly from under thick lashes. "Hello, I am Vivian." She greets looking to Huilen who more matched their height. "I am Huilen, it is wonderful to meet you beautiful baby." Huilen nods back, she ran a finger down smooth warm skin. "She is not your temperature." Huilen notes softly, smiling still to the baby blonde. "I know. It's somewhere between mine and a humans." "Is she venomous?" Nahuel questions, examining the child. The woman shakes her head and glares, "you would know that if you weren't late." Nahuel smirks, "we got here as soon as we could." He replies, making the glare deepen. The blonde opens her mouth to retort. "Thank you," Alice interrupts the threat that was about to come out of the young woman's mouth. "For that, by the way. We probably would've been too late if it weren't for you." The half breed girl nods, exhaustion starting to set in from not enough rest and using her powers to much. She turns to leave. "Wait! Just stay a bit longer," Alice almost begs, "please, we have so much to catch up on. Nahuel and Huilen agreed to stay for a little while as well." The young woman glanced across the field to see mostly everyone gone, either having left for home or to the Cullens. Her eyes settle on Alice as she shakes her head. "I'm sorry, we must be leaving now." In her arms Vivian pouted. "Goodbye, I wish you luck with your situation." She let her gaze travel to the rest of the Cullens who were watching the exchange silently. She nods and turns again, this time taking steps towards the way they came from. "Wait, Carlisle is a doctor, he can help you." Edward calls suddenly, startling everyone, "you're still feeling Jane's onslaught, you aren't fully healed from a month ago, and you haven't rested in weeks. Please, stay." The nameless teen let's out a deep sigh, and seeing her daughters begging expression she silently nods in agreement, "I do not want medical treatment though. Thank you for the offer." She continues on. "I'll meet you there." She calls over her shoulder. "Should she go alone?" Esme asked in worry. "She'll be okay," Edward nods, "she has her car with her ands she passed the house the way here." He explains. "I'll go with her." Nahuel kisses his aunts cheek before running to the other half breeds side. Esme nods, curling into her husband's side. She trusted her son but Nahuel going with her made her feel better. The group watched the three leave. Nahuel was walking backwards in perfect pace with a teasing grin, and the full grown half breed teen was glaring up at him. "Act my age you say? You want me to act like a teenager then?" The blonde questions, Nahuel's smirk was wiped off his face when she kicked out her right foot to catch his lifting foot and pull. He stumbled and she sent a firm palm to his chest firmly sending him to the snow. "Children please." Huilen calls in exasperation. Her nephew picked himself up and the three disappeared in a burst of speed. Embry's growl echoed through the silent field. "Relax." Edward smirks, "it's more of a brother and sister relationship." That didn't soothe the wolf but he nodded and took off into the forest. "How bad is her condition?" Carlisle's expression was purely work mode. "She'll be okay." Edward repeated as he picked up Renesmee and turned. "We shouldn't leave out guests waiting. Let's get home." He grins. Cheers erupt from the Cullens and the remaining wolf howls, Jacob follows closely behind them as they run.