walked me into this bloodbath. Feeling confused and absolutely miserable, I turned on my heel and tried to exit the room without running. Tears filled my eyes as I walked down the hallway through which I'd just arrived. It was going to be humiliating, returning to the waiting area so soon, like trash being quickly swept out the door. Unable to control myself, I sniffled a little and wiped at my eyes. The woman walking beside me noticed and took pity on me, stopping just inside the double doors to allow me a moment to compose myself. "Rough one, huh?" "I don't think that can even count as an interview." I sadly shook my head. "Was I even in there thirty seconds?" "You may have broken a new record," the woman said, teasing in an attempt to lighten my spirits. "Not all of our interviews are so abrupt, but we work with a lot of high-end clients. Most of them are very specific about the things they want or don't want. I'm sorry." "So am I," I muttered. I wanted to stay calm as I walked back through the waiting room. I planned to keep my head held high, to summon an unaffected, confident air. For all these people knew, maybe my interview was so short because I was just that damn awesome. What wasn't awesome was the way I couldn't quite keep my hands from shaking. When I passed the two women I'd been sitting beside just a few minutes earlier, their muffled giggles were enough to widen the crack in my defenses and make the walls start to crumble around me. My shaky grip on my portfolio loosened, and I dropped the leather book, causing papers to scatter on the floor around me. "Shit." I cursed under my breath, not caring who might hear. I squatted down, hurriedly stuffing my wayward documents back into my folder and shoving it into my bag with frustration. "Could've guessed how that one would go," one of the women laughed. All I could focus on at that point was getting out of the building without making a scene, but as things often happen for me, my plan was derailed once again. As I rushed out of the waiting area to the elevators, I slammed straight into someone who was walking around the corner. Instantly, I felt an icy cold wetness against my chest and looked down with horror. The front of my white shirt was completely doused with a freezing brown liquid, and the woman in front of me bore a similar wet stain down the front of her pretty light-blue pantsuit. Two empty Starbucks cups lay on the floor between our feet. "I'm so sorry," I choked out, tears pricking my eyes once more. I needed to escape before I cried in front of these people, before I could make even more of an ass out of myself. I pushed past the girl and, holding my bag, ran into the nearest elevator. "Hey! You! Wait up!" I heard a voice behind me as I stomped my way across the concrete in front of the building. "You in the grey skirt! Wait up! Hey! You owe me for dry cleaning!" I groaned and stopped in my tracks, reluctantly turning to face the woman who was chasing me down the sidewalk. She didn't look angry. In fact, she was smiling as she loped up toward me. "I apologize. I didn't see you coming around the corner. I'll be happy to pay your cleaning bill." "Oh, shit." The girl laughed and waved off my suggestion. "I only said that to get you to slow down. You walk fast!" I narrowed my eyes and cocked my head as I looked at her. Something about the girl looked very familiar. When she turned her head a little, I saw a streak of bright blue in her dark black hair. It was then I realized where I'd seen her before. This was either the same girl I'd seen in front of the building earlier or she had a twin. "Did we meet before?" I asked. "I'm Alice." The girl smiled, putting her hand forward. "Bella." I returned the introduction, shaking her hand politely. "You probably didn't recognize me. I had to change my clothes before going into the office. They want me to look professional, you know?" "Right," I nodded. I might not have felt as guilty for ruining the t-shirt and denim skirt she'd been wearing when I first saw her, but the suit she wore was obviously expensive. My new interview clothes were covered in coffee, as well. Now I'd have two cleaning bills to pay. "Anyway, I'm sorry about crashing into you like that. I can give you my address, and you can send the bill." "I can get it from the temp agency," she shrugged. Oh. She must work there. An intern maybe? She'd been sent to fetch iced coffees. "I hope I didn't get you in any trouble." "Don't worry about it." She smiled. "How'd it go in there?" "It was horrible. Maybe Select Staffing will call me if some other job comes up." I sighed with resignation. "Well, you know I've got your back." Alice smiled. "I gotta get going, but I hope we run into each other again sometime. Well, not really run into each other, like spilling coffee and all that, but… You know what I mean!" She waved and turned away, jogging back in the direction she'd come. I was left reeling in the wake of her rapid speech and boundless energy. She was the only bright spot in my day. If I were lucky, maybe Alice had some pull or leverage in that office and I wouldn't get blacklisted from the applicants pool. I still needed to find a job, but I definitely wouldn't be adding "Household Manager" to my list of job experience anytime soon. **-Reviews are better than iced coffee. You know what to do!-**