hissed feeling his hands scratch at me, my face and arms taking the brunt of his attack. My arms coming out blocking my face as I punched him in the side winding him for a moment. I looked up and Saw Harper hugging the Girl, whispering in her ear. Rolling my eyes 'you just stand there Tango I'm fine on my own' I silently mumbled to myself as I brought my knee up letting it connect with the bastards ribs "Feel the pain Bitch" I whispered snidely I grinned to myself hearing the whimper leave him as my knee reconnected with him knowing I had in fact just caught his family jewels bitch wouldn't be needing them any time soon anyway, his hand released my hair as his body slacked for a moment, causing me to get the upper hand my body slung over his as one hand went around his throat the other clenching into a first as I brought it down on his face, feeling my knuckles strain as I repeated my blows. "Think you can go around attacking young women do you, you fucking prick" I screamed my hand holding his throat moved to his hair as I seen his eyes close his mouth moaning out in pain, Good I thought to myself, feel fear. As I felt his body still I stood seeing he was unfortunately still breathing, I herd the sirens of police in the distance and looked up seeing Harper give me a sharp nod knowing I needed to get out of her and quick I didn't have a record, but I also couldn't allow anyone in authority to see me or know my name, and you can only give so many fake names. I learnt that the hard way. Standing I winced slightly as I stretched my body, looking up I seen the girl Harper was consoling looking up at me , tears running down her face, before I could speak she had rushed towards me pulling me in to a hug that I swear I wouldn't of believed she would have been able to have the strength to do but she did. "Thank you" she repeated "thank you for saving me, he was … he was" she broke down in sobs as I shushed her pushing her spiky hair from her face. "Nothing to thank me for honey" I replied smiling as she nodded, wiping her face. The sirens grew neared causing my head to shoot up to Harpers "go" she whispered "I've got it, I'll say the saviour ran away" she smiled weakly at me "Go to J's tell him what happened and I'll be home soon" she said as I nodded taking the hold all she passed to me , As I went to step outside the alley the small pixie like Girl grabbed my hand. "what's your name" she whispered her voice still shaky I inhaled looking from her to Harper unsure what to do. The girl in sensing something wrong shook her head "Your friend can tell the police anything, I just want to know the name of the person who saved me, " she spoke softly this time almost calm. "Im Alice" she replied "Alice Whitlock" I sighed and nodded as I looked her set in the eyes and smiled "My Names Isabella Swan, but you little Alice can call me Bella" I chuckled suddenly wondering where my honestly towards the girl was coming from. "I really need to go, Harper here will make sure your alright" I smiled "stay out of Alleys miss" she shook her head holding up a ring on her left hand causing me to chuckle in apologies "Mrs Whitlock," I looked down at the prick on the floor making sure he was still out cold, only looking up hearing Alice voice. "I started working here tonight, I guess ill be quitting in the morning she chuckled and for the first time I seen her body not shaking since I had met her" "Take Care Mrs Whitlock" I smiled as I stepped out the Alley "See you later H" I nodded to my friend before silently and unseeingly walking down the alley and into the busy street, making my way to Jared's house. I stopped on the corner seeing the police car wiz past me, I stood and watched as two police offices ran into the alley and nodded to myself satisfied, whether I got paid for it or not tonight I had help rid the streets of another scumbag. Tonight I had ignored everything my mentor had taught me, all the evil vileness he had drummed into me, I remembered what Jared had taught me when he found me at the age of twelve and took me in and I remembered that my past mistakes could be made up for by my future, my future of helping rid the world of scum. Just because I wasn't a Heartless bitch anymore didn't mean I wasn't a Bitch, I just made sure the people I killed now, the people I harmed now deserved it, and although some time' I did good, deep inside me I sometimes wished for a normal life, I wouldn't change things now, because my mistakes made me who I was. Isabella Swan Hired Hit-Women. With a sigh I crossed the road, placing the hold all over my shoulder, and blending in with everyone else mulling around the street. I whispered softly to myself smiling as I remembered today I had done a good dead, today I had saved someone, I grinned as I realised not all things in life have to be sacrificed. Some things could be saved. A/N So What do you guys think – Ready for more ? ….. Or not your thing ? Leave a Review and let me know whether you want me to continue at first I thought it would just be a one shot but I have the story planned out so who knows.