since she thinks it would be the best way to make it even with my vampire ex-boyfriend. The same vampire who put me in danger in first place and then left me in the woods the day after my birthday. I never choose any of this and I know that you, Sam, and the others didn't choose either to turn into wolves, but you have strength, fast healing and other amazing stuff. Most of all you have each other. What have I? I'm alone and defenceless against monsters who thinks my blood is the best dessert that they could ever have. So no, Jacob. I'm not angry, I'm tired and scared and I don't need you all to constantly remind me of the mistake I've made while I was seventeen." "Bella." Jacob whispered, walking closer to hug her. He didn't know what to say. He had no idea that she felt that way, she always had looked normal around him. Had he really been that blind not to notice what was happing to his best friend? Jacobs's heart broke when Bella took few steps back to avoid his hug. She had never refused a hug before. "No, Jacob. You said it yourselves that killing vampire is your life purpose so you're not doing this for me. Paul was right, I don't belong here. I'm an outsider, and I think I always will be." Bella smiled in defeat at the boy in front of her who looked almost as broken as she was after her confession. "Let me know if you kill Victoria, but in the meantime I'll do everyone's a favour and stay away, like you had asked me to do some time ago." "Bella, you know I never wanted you to stay away. I was just trying to protect you." "I've heard those words before." Bella said with a dark chuckle and Jacob paralyzed, knowing whom she was referring to. "Be careful out there." Bella whispered. Giving him one last sad smile, she turned around and walked to her pick up. Jacob couldn't do anything but watch her leave in her truck while the rain pounded away the tears on his own face. "Jake." Quil tried to call for his attention for the hundredth time since he had come back into the house. He had been sitting on the couch without saying a word, staring absently in front of him for more than twenty minutes and they were starting to get worried. Bella's words were plaguing his mind. Not even during her period of depression she had looked so lost, so broken and he was one of the reason behind it. He had let his friends hurt her and couldn't even blame them, because he should have noticed it. Damn, they all shared their mind while they were in wolf form, how could he have not seen the way they felt about her? "Jacob." Embry joined Quil in their attempt to shake him away from his thoughts. Surprisingly, Paul hadn't said anything about what they had heard Bella say out there. Thinking of Paul, Jacob started getting angry. "Get out." He whispered, knowing that they could perfectly hear him. "Jake." "Get out!" Jacob shouted, standing up and glaring at every single one of them. In that moment, Sam and Seth opened the door. They had just finished their shift and had no idea of what had happened. Seeing Jacob shaking, Sam immediately intervened. "Jacob calm down." He ordered, using his alpha voice. "Make them leave." Jacob managed to say in his attempt to control his anger. Sam quickly ordered everyone out and made them phase so he could know what was going on. It was not every day that Jacob loses control. Something must have happened and Sam was sure that the pale girl was in the middle of it, since he could smell her scent, but could not see her. Entering their minds, he saw Paul taunting Bella making her run away. Then he heard everything that she had said and for some weird reason, he felt his heart ache, hearing the girl's pain. " I'm very disappointed in you. " Sam told them. He could see that they were feeling guilty about the way they had acted, even Paul, but he was truly disappointed at them. " You have acted no better than those things we hunt. " Knowing than that statement would have made them think about their actions for a while, he phased back. Surprisingly, the first to leave the scene had been Paul. The boy was feeling like a shit and Sam thought that he deserved feeling that way. Since he had phased he had acted as if he could do anything he wanted and that was wrong. Maybe now Paul and the others could understand that they were not superior than anyone else. Bella had just given them a humility lesson. He felt sorry for the girl, he too had never given a second thought about how difficult that situation must be for her. . "Jacob." His beta was sitting on the couch, with his head in his hands. Sam put a hand on his shoulder to comfort him. "Give her few days, she'll be back." He tried to reassure him. "No, I don't think she will." Jake replied before standing up and walking away. He had barely walked out the door when Sam saw him phase into his wolf and running away. Sighing, Sam sat at the edge of the couch. Bella's words rang into his head. Sam knew that Jacob was right. Bella wouldn't have come back after the way they had treated her and for the second time that day, his chest ached. In the exact same moment Sam had put a hand on his heart, from afar, a wolf howled in pain. Please review. I want to know what you think about this first chapter. :-) IMPORTANT: I'm looking for a Beta , if you are interested, contact me.