Edward. Thank you." I turned around to give him a kiss but instead he just says "Let's eat love. We need to replenish the calories that we've been burning off." I humphed as I went into my closet and didn't even bother to close the door this time as I changed. I put on a pair of tight shorts and a tee shirt. I grabbed a pair of Jacob's running shorts and one of my dads' old CPD - POLICE tee shirts with SWAN on the back in bold black lettering. I tossed them at Edward as I walked back into the room and he stood up and dropped the towel. Apparently he wasn't shy at all. I stared unabashedly at him as he dressed. He quirked his eyebrow at me when he pulled on the obviously men's running shorts. "They're Jacob's. He leaves clothes here sometimes after we go running. Plus, they're comfortable and I wear them when I clean. Don't judge." He just nods his head pulls the tee shirt on. "I like having my name on you." I joke as I pick up a strawberry and pop it into my mouth. "I'd like having my name on you better. Maybe I should wear this home and bring you one of mine back. I want you to be mine Bella. Say that you will. Please." He says as he comes closer to me and runs his hands down my arms. Just as I'm about to respond, I hear my doorbell ring. Leaning up, I give him a quick peck on the lips and head down to the front door. Looking through the peep hole, I see my dad standing there with another officer in uniform. I mumble "shit" under my breath as I open the door and step outside before he can come in. I'm not sure how he is going to respond to Edward being in my house this early in the morning. "Daddy. What are you doing here this early in the morning? I said I'd come to you to do the statement." I'm trying to get him out of here before he insists on coming inside. "Bells, it's almost noon. I just figured you slept in so I came to you. Can we come in please?" He is leaning towards the door because I've never kept him out of my house before. "Fine. But can I talk to you alone first. Please?" The other officer nods his head and walks around the house to give us some privacy. "Daddy. You know that I'm a grown woman. Right?" He grumbles in response. "And you know that I haven't been in very many relationships. Right?" Another grumble from him. "I just wanted to warn you that I have someone here with me daddy. A man. Someone that I think I could love. Will you keep an open mind and meet him?" I'm hoping that Edward is ready for this. I know we talked about it briefly but this is so soon. I was hoping for a little more time alone before my dad found out about it. He gives me a little nod and waves his hand at me to tell me to get on with it. I open the door and we walk inside. "I'll be right back." He sits down on the couch and pulls out his gun. Jeez. He's trying to intimidate Edward. I turn around and walk back up the stairs to my bedroom. Edward is sitting on my bed with a resigned look on his face. "So, you wanna meet my dad? Officially." I walk over to him and pull his legs apart so I can stand in between them. "I want to be yours Edward." I thread my fingers into his hair and pull him to me to give him a kiss. He kisses me back and smiles as he pulls away. "I'd love to Bella." He grabs my hand and we head to the top of the stairs. I take in a deep breath and notice Edward is doing the same thing. We head down the stairs and I peek around the corner to see my dad is looking at pictures on my walls. Clearing my throat to get his attention, I squeeze Edward's left hand and look up at him and give him a small smile. He smiles at me before releasing my hand "Superintendent Swan. It's nice to meet you. Officially." My dad has turned around and is trying to rein in his displeasure. I know that he likes Edward and respects him as a police officer. He has no reason not to like him as my boyfriend. "Edward. Didn't expect this. But I guess that if I had to pick someone for my Bella, you would be at the top of the list." He takes Edwards outstretched had and places his larger one in it. My dad finally releases Edward and I go get the officer who is waiting on my porch. He comes in and I give my statement with Edward holding my hand the whole time. :::::{SSD}::::: A few months later, Alec is sentenced to 20 years in prison for his crimes against me and other women because he kept using fake identities when he would go out with them. Apparently I wasn't the first one to turn him down. He just made the mistake of thinking he was better than the Chicago Police Department. Chapter End Notes: Everything in this story is completely made up. I've only been to Chicago once so I don't have first hand knowledge of how their police department works. I researched as much as I could but that only gets you so far. I also made up the bar. I know that in my home state, you can't give out 'free' drinks. I doubt you can in Chicago either. It's all fiction so please don't be upset if I get some details wrong. Let me know what you think!