feel quite right. There was a sense of foreboding in the air and I quickly ran to my daughter and grabbed her arm. "We have to go." She looked at me, confused by my sudden change of heart. "Now, Renesmee." It was very rare for me to use her full name and so she knew I meant business. She nodded, not saying a thing and we quickly made our way to the tree line. We were mere feet away from it, when we heard something moving in the bushes to our right. I could almost feel my metaphorical heart, pounding in my chest and all I could think of was protecting my little girl. "Faster, Ren!" I shouted, even though she was standing right next to me. "I don't think so, young one." Called a masculine voice, stepping out from behind the trees. He was wearing a pair of gray sweatpants, but had no shirt, shoes or socks on. A nomad would've been my first thought, except that his skin was too dark and his eyes blue. And yet I knew instinctively that he was not human. So what was he? "Who are you?" I heard Monster speak up, as I was too shocked to do anything other than stare. "Ah, you are the sweet Renesmee, yes? I've heard much about you." He never answered her question, I quickly noticed. "What do you want?" I finally spoke up. He looked thoughtful for a moment, a strange smile on his face that did not sit well with me. All I could think of, was that we were in danger and I hoped that Edward was on his way. Surely he was wondering where we were by now. "What I want... is a complicated matter, Mrs. Cullen." His smile widened, noticing my unease at his knowledge of who I was. "If you know who we are, why not tell us your name?" Ren's voice was slightly irritated, mixed with fear. He ignored her question again and continued to gaze at me. His eyes seemed searching and I wondered if he found what he was looking for. "I've been looking for you, for quite some time now. You are not an easy lady to find." He smiled, trying to be pleasant. It just creeped me out more. "Why? Why have you been looking for me?" I asked, desperation in my voice. He laughed before responding. "You are the legendary Isabella Cullen, who dared stand up to the Volturi. Oh, I just had to meet you, young one." Why does he keep calling me that? I saw a strange glint in his eyes suddenly, as his right hand reached up to fondle the necklace around his throat. It was a leather string with a simple symbol attached. A ring with what looked like an ancient letter inside, from a language I did not know. His thumb rubbed over the silver jewelry and I saw a dark green glow begin to spread from the ring and out towards me. I panicked and grabbed my daughter's hand, pulling at her and quickly backing away. Something big was about to happen and I momentarily wondered if Ren didn't have a bit of her Aunt's sight. She had said that she thought something would happen and it would seem that she was right. Unfortunately. "There is no need to run, Mrs. Cullen. My intent is not harmful." I didn't trust him and narrowed my eyes, showing him that I knew the truth. Why he wanted to hurt me, I didn't know. Was he working for Aro, who had tried so hard to get me on his guard? Was he a renegade, looking to move up in our world? Or was his vendetta more personal? I didn't know and I was beginning to think that I didn't even care. I just wanted him to stop. The mysterious emerald glow was growing with each second and in just a matter of seconds, I knew it would hit me and Monster. There was a chance that my shield would repel it, but what about Ren? I quickly took hold of the inner rubber band, enveloping my daughter underneath it. A glow different from the other, wrapped itself around her in a protective bubble and I mentally breathed a sigh of relief. But what if my shield didn't repel whatever this man had thrown at us? What if he was too powerful? After all, I had only fought off vampires with it before and this stranger was no vampire. My panic returned, full force. We were still backing away, but were no match for the glow. A spine chilling smile was placed on the man's lips, as we were finally surrounded by the emerald brightness. My fears came true, as it passed right through my invisible shield, as if it wasn't even there. I closed my eyes against the truth of what was coming, wrapped my daughter up tightly in my arms and prayed to whatever God that might be looking out for my kind. Blackness began to take over my mind and I vaguely heard the shocked exclamation of the stranger. "What?" He seemed surprised and I tried to open my eyes to see what had made this emotion occur in him, but something was holding down my lids. I felt an intense pressure and realized that the body I had held in my arms, was gone. I wanted to scream out her name, but I couldn't speak. I wanted to find her, but I couldn't move. I wanted to do something, but I was almost completely lost in the darkness. It came closer and closer, bringing with it a sense of defeat. I couldn't fight it, I knew that much, but I couldn't give in either. Before I could make a choice, the decision was made for me, as I felt my body falling to the ground and my mind became an utter void. And then I was no more.