we can get back and head home." The people organizing my 10-year high school reunion had decorated the school gym to look like a winter wonderland, or at least I thought that's what they were trying to do. It looked more like they had the Kindergarten glass from the elementary school do the decorating for them. Edward and I walked up to the registration table to sign in. Much to my shock, Alice Brandon was manning the desk. Her nametag had her graduation photo on it along with her married name. She was Alice Newton, poor Mike, he wasn't as bad as most of the jocks, but he didn't deserve to be married to a woman like Alice. Alice looked like she had had a ton of work done. Her boobs were too big for her small frame and her face looked a little too tight for a normal 28-year-old woman. "I don't think you're in the right place. This is for Forks High graduates from 2004." She said as she eyed my husband up and down. "Well, that would include me." I said, with a sweet smile. "I don't recognize you, are you sure you went to Forks?" She asked, looking me up and down, the red Gucci dress that Tanya had picked out fit my size 12 body perfectly and the black Louboutin pumps that Edward had bought me the week before elongated my legs and made them look amazing. "Isabella Swan." I said and watched with glee as her eyes went wide. "Isabella?" She squeaked out. Edward smirked at me, I told him what to expect when people realized who I was. I wasn't the mousy little ugly girl anymore. Thanks to Edward, Tanya and their family, I blossomed. "It's actually Cullen now. Bella Cullen." Edward said with a squeeze to my side. "Cullen? As in, Cullen Pediatrics? The Cullen Pediatrics that developed the Cullen Pediatric Cardiac pump?" She asked in a ramble. Edward smirked again, "Ah, you've heard of the product I developed. Good to know that it's name has reached nation wide." Alice just stared with her overly collagen injected mouth hanging open, until another nasally voice interrupted her stupor. "Alice, GOD, there's a line forming." Rosalie Hale yelled as she sauntered up to the table. Her now plump body seemed to be sewn into a dress that was a size or two too small. I snickered as I looked at her; she was bigger than I had ever been back in high school. She spun around and sent a glare my way. "Who are you? I don't recognize you, did you go to Forks High?" She asked, the disdain from back then still present in her voice. "Bella Cullen." I said, "But you would remember me as Isabella Swan." She looked at me a little wide eyed and then let out a snort. "Yeah right, how much did Isabella pay you to come in her place?" I felt Edward tense next to me, and heard a menacing growl come from his lips. Rosalie's eyes went a bit wide as she looked at Edward, fear flashed in her eyes for a second before she composed herself. "My wife did NOT pay or lie about anything." He gritted out, and then turned to look down at me. "God, Bella, you weren't kidding when you said that you went to high school with some real assholes." He looked down at the table in front of us, found my name tag, placed it on my chest, gave me a heartbreaking smile and then turned back to Rosalie and Alice. "Now, if you will excuse us, my wife and I are going to find our table and enjoy our dinner courtesy of the Forks High School Alumni. It would be in your best interest if you ignore us the rest of the evening." He said with authority and led me into the gym. I melted into his side as we sat down. The tears were threatening to spill. I hadn't felt like the vulnerable girl in years, and for some reason, even without saying anything that bad, the bitches that tormented me in high school made me feel like the ugly girl again. "Bella, darling. Don't even acknowledge what they were trying to insinuate. You are amazing and you are mine." I sniffed a little bit and smiled up at him. "Thank you, Edward. You are amazing and wonderful and I don't know how I would have survived without you over the last ten years." "Right back at you baby" He pulled me to him for a deep kiss. We broke apart when the rest of the guests arrived at the table. I was amazed that we were seated with the few people I did get along with in high school. The rest of the night was spent listening to people reminiscing about high school and I was so happy that I didn't have to relive it. Edward and I left right after dinner was served, before the speeches were made and before all the silly awards that they think are warranted at reunions. We headed back to our motel room, called our daughter, who was at home in Madison with both sets of her Grandparents then made love and fell asleep. The next day, we flew home. Emmett and his wife Angela picked us up at the airport and we were home, where we belonged, before midnight on Christmas Eve. We celebrated that year by telling our families that we were expecting another baby. Added to the joy, was the fact that Jasper and his wife Maria were also expecting their third. Our family was growing and thanks to that, Christmas would only get better and better. Thanks for reading… What did you think? I have also contributed part of the collab that started posting today. I will have a link to the full story along with the other one shots in the countdown on my profile. ENJOY!