continue arguing. "Look, all I'm saying is that Tangled had a much better plot, and Flynn is a better love interest then Kristoff and—" Jacob tried, but Rosalinda had covered her ears. "Let it go, let it go~" she sang loudly, and Jacob pouted. "That's not even a real argument," he growled, crossing his arms. "Let it go, let it go~" Rosalinda replied, and Jacob turned off the television. Then Rosalinda got her Elsa doll and Jacob grabbed her Rapunzel doll, and they had them duke it out. Then Jacob cleaned up the mess, and cooked spaghetti for dinner, making enough for 3 people, while Rosalinda set the table. "I love you, Jake," she said, afterwards, "I wish you could live with us," "Love you too, kiddo," Jacob said, giving her a hug, "Now go get cleaned up for dinner," "Kay!" Rosalinda said, running off. The two of them ended up eating dinner alone, Bella texted him an hour after closing time to let him know that she had some errands to run. She didn't even ask if he minded watching her daughter and Jacob just wrapped up Bella's plate, putting it in the fridge. He got Rosalinda ready for bed and read her Alice in wonderland. Then, once she was asleep, he tucked her in, kissed her on the forehead, and plugged in her nightlight. Jacob turned off her bedroom light, and left her door open just a little, in case she woke up. Then he sat on the couch reading one of Bella's books—Wuthering heights—until Bella came home. Bella knocked on the door a little after 11. Jacob opened the door for her and found her holding a bag of groceries, a bag of clothes, and a giant stuffed pink elephant. Jacob took the bags from her. "Is Rosalinda asleep?" Bella asked, without thanking him, closing the door behind him, "She said she wanted a stuffed pink elephant and customer said that they had one in Kmart, so I—" Jacob just let Bella babble, putting away groceries, and glancing over his shoulder at her. Her hair was a mess, and her eyes were rimmed red and puffy. Bella had a habit of buying toys for Rosalinda whenever something upset her. A phone call from Edward's family? Rosalinda gets a dollhouse. The sink in the kitchen bursts, putting her out of business for a week? Rosalinda gets a Tea set. Her father, Charlie calls to ask how she's doing? Rosalinda gets a Disney princess dress and a tiara. "What happened?" Jacob asked, and Bella's shoulders slumped, her eyes filling with tears. "Rosalinda's school kicked her out because she missed to many days," Bella said, "It was the only school close enough to the café. I could just close shop for thirty minutes and go pick her up, like taking a lunch break. Now I'm going to have to find her another one, and Alice said—" No good sentence ever started with 'Alice said…' "She can get Rosalinda into boarding school, because apparently all the Cullens send their kids to boarding school at this age, which is why they're all so smart, and successful. And she is a Cullen, despite having my less than glamorous genes and I'm keeping her from being great!" Bella sat on the couch and laid her head in her hands. Jacob hesitantly sat beside her, putting his hand on her shoulder. "You're a good mother, Bella," he said, softly, and Bella shrugged his hand off her shoulder. "You should be heading home," Bella said, curtly, wiping her face, "Did Rosalinda give you any trouble?" "She was no trouble at all," Jacob stated, as he scooted away, giving her space. "Good, good," Bella nodded, folding her hands in her lap. "I made Spaghetti for dinner," Jacob said, standing up and heading to the kitchen, so he could warm up Bella's plate, "And I think Life as We Know It is on," He personally thought the movie was crap, but he knew Bella was into that kind of stuff. Bella turned on the television, taking off her shoes, while Jacob grabbed her food and a fork. When he turned around, he found Bella passed out, curled into a ball on the couch. Jacob sighed, rewrapping the food, and putting it on the table. Then he turned off the television, picked Bella up and carried her to her room. He covered her up with her blanket, and sat on the edge of her bed. "Good night, Bella," he said, brushing her hair out of her face, and pressing a kiss to her temple, "I love you," He got up and turned off her light, leaving her door cracked, so she would be able to hear when Rosalinda woke up. He put the plate back in the fridge and let himself out. He wasn't Bella's friend. He was her tenant. Bella would never spend time with him by choice; she had a café/apartment to run and a daughter to look after. He went back to his apartment, picked up the guitar he'd brought for 10 bucks from the homeless man in the park, and started strumming a few bars . " Same bed but it feels just a little bit bigger now… My song on the radio but it doesn't sound the same. Whenever you call, all it does is just tear me down. Cause my heart breaks a little when you say my name It all just sounds like ooh, ooh ooh hoo hoo. Mm, too young, too dumb to realize That I'll never buy you flowers or hold your hand I'll give you all my hours Though I have no chance Never go to a party or get to ask you to dance Instead I'm just going to wonder about if I was your man," Jacob laughed, setting down his guitar, and laying back on his couch. He was the most pathetic man on the planet. Author's note: Please review and let me know what you think.