selfish, which I am on both counts. It's a slippery slope to try and navigate sober. Before I get too far gone, I set the alarm on my phone to ensure I make it back to the yard in the morning. I don't want to give Alice ammunition; I'm already pegged as the "undependable" one in the family. I'm really not sure how I got the reputation, either. I just know that's what my family thinks. You can see it on their faces at holidays or birthdays. The "Glad you could make it" rings in my ears with "Surprised you came" instead. They never could understand my leaving or why I'd wanted to. It's been a source of contention for as long as I can remember. You would think going to college and earning a degree would be something most parents would want for their children, to experience life outside of a small town and culture beyond the tree line of the mountains. I think mine took it as a personal insult, like I was saying they and what they stand for isn't good enough for me. I guess, looking back, maybe I was harsh about the mountain way of life. I'd never made any bones about the fact that as soon as I was able, I'd be getting the hell out of this small-minded, ass-backward town. My mom and dad divorced when I was twelve. Alice had already been married to Jasper for two years by then, so she missed most of the fireworks from that explosion. Mom cheating on my dad with Jasper's Uncle Harry was the nail in the coffin that was their marriage. Daddy couldn't handle the betrayal and life without mom, so he moved to Canton where my Aunt Charlotte, his sister, keeps an eye on him. I'm pretty sure my love of the bottle is hereditary. Mom didn't stay with Harry. She's already been married twice since daddy. The newest guy, Phil, seems to be all right. He's a hard worker and treats mom decently, so I guess that's all I can ask for. I love both of my parents; I'm just not able to relate to either of them. I wake curled around a mostly empty liquor bottle with what was to be my wedding dress tucked under my arm like a teddy bear. At least I wasn't wearing it this time. I crawl into the shower to wash away last night's booze and regret. As I fold my arms over each other and lean my head against them, the slightly-less-than-scalding hot water rains down my back. This is the downside to my reminiscing. The morning after hurts almost as much as the memories themselves. I do it for the absolution I find in the few hours my mind turns off once the alcohol takes over. After washing, I drag my body out of the shower to get ready for another day of training with Alice. At least today is Friday, and I'll have two whole days after this one to pull myself back together should there be any more Edward run-ins. I know we need to talk just to clear the air, but I don't know what to say. Judging by the less than warm welcome I received from him, he's looking forward to the talk as much as I am. I get to the yard early before anyone else and have my fingers crossed that Alice is the next to arrive. I hate the awkward dance around getting to know new people, and having to make small talk with one of the guys I met yesterday sounds painful. God didn't hear my pleas and must have an unusual sense of humor, because before I know it, I see the 4Runner Edward was standing outside of yesterday turning into the lot. Fuck. He parks a little ways away from me, but I can see his hands clenched around the steering wheel and his eyes closed with his head tilted forward. I watch as his lips move, like he's in prayer. I feel a little voyeuristic but am enjoying getting this minute to ogle his profile. He's still the most beautiful man I've ever seen. More than his looks, though, I miss his friendship and our relationship. Once we were over, it felt like a part of me was missing, one I still haven't found. I'm lost in him, and startle when his eyes open and he turns to catch me gazing. His features harden, and I can actually see him steel himself, getting ready to deal with me. Oh, this is going to hurt. He looks like he's ready for battle. He keeps eye contact with me as he opens his door and steps out. I follow his lead, taking a deep breath and trying to mentally prepare myself for whatever happens next. He has to walk past my car to get to the gate, so I wait for him to cross the distance. He doesn't stop walking once he gets to me, and I practically have to jog to keep pace with him. "Edward, hey! Wait up!" Nope, he isn't waiting. He keeps his forward progress until he reaches the locked gate. "Edward, can we talk for a minute?" Ignoring me, he takes his keys out of his pocket, proceeds to unlock the gate, and pushes it open. I know he's mad, and I understand that. I'm mad, too. Resorting to grade school tactics isn't going to get us anywhere, though. "Really? This is how it's going to be?" I growl out. That gets his attention. He whips his body around, and his eyes are on fire. I can feel wrath emanating from his every pore. His eyes narrow, and his mouth twists into a snarl. "You fucking made it this way, Bella. You chose this, not me." He punctuates the end of his sentence with a finger pointed in my face, and it feels like a punch to the chest.