the distance once. You were walking with Melika, you both looked happy they said. They said that you looked comfortable with each other, like there was nothing more natural then walking beside one another. I envy that but it made me glad to know that you were happy. I couldn't stop thinking about it, about you. So I figured that I would purge my soul once more, even if it isn't fair to you. I have learned how to be selfish you know, it was hard to learn and I'm not very good at it but you only get better with practice or so Rosalie keeps telling me. According to her and the Rosalie rule book, a girl is allowed to be selfish every now and then. I graduated with the some of the highest marks in my year. I am a fully qualified anthropologist with a minor in journalism. God knows when I will be able to have a proper career. I would love to go back for my doctorate someday. I have a long way to go yet before I think I'm going to feel really safe out in the big bad world. I don't think I'll ever be able to publish papers or articles with my name on it but I think I can live with that for now. I have taken a job as a research assistant and am heading down to a few interesting anthropological sights in South America. The more secluded the better for my whole psycho-fuck family, if you can call it a family in the first place. Matt and Dan are going to move down permanently with me. Matt has a job in his family's business and can work from home and Dan wants to take some time off and is content enough to travel around with us for now and Rose and Emmett are taking things a day at a time. So am I, one day at a time. So for now South America. Perhaps I will be there when they find a discovery so interesting that I can devote the next few years of my life to it. I know; pipe dreams right. I just remember a time when life was different and I had plenty of people who believed in me despite my own desire to give up. Now I am finding that I have to find a way to be strong for myself so that I can feel whole. I am getting to grips with being myself, it's just taking time. At first I had Edward and felt that no matter who I was or what I did, I would never be good enough. I saw him as totally perfect in every way. I had no self worth, no value except for the value that he placed on me by being with me. But now I think that he valued my humanity more then he valued me, Isabella Marie Swan, he could see a reflection of his 'lost soul' in me and that, besides the whole blood thing, was my appeal. You were too perfect too, wolf-boy. You were the kind of person that would never give up. You were determined that no matter what I did to you or how I damaged you that you were going to love me. But at least you were interested in me, not that I knew back then who me was. I'm not saying that I know myself intimately yet, I think that, that will take me a lot more time than just a few years. I keep morphing and changing. I learn new things about myself on a daily bases. I have people to keep me safe and I'm learning how to keep myself safe at the same time, I think that helps too. I have two camps looking out for me; Matt who feels responsible for me. He should, I guess, it was Matt's fault that I ended up in the mess I'm in now so until I decide what to do about that whole thing, he's sticking close by and Rose and Emmett don't trust him at all anymore, considering the one and only time they did I almost died. That was a fun chapter in my life. It's one that I am still recovering from in many ways. I don't want you to think that Matt is a bad person though. He isn't. He's just fallible like the rest of us. He made a bad choice, a mistake and it has cost us both dearly. Even his brother is paying part of the price for his choices. They make each other rather uncomfortable you know, Matt and the Cullens and it can be quiet funny to watch the power plays sometimes; that is before they drag me into the middle of it. It's just hard, on one hand I could choose to allow Matt to take me back to Europe with him and be guaranteed a family and a legacy for as long as I live. I would have to settle with very little contact with my family and probably never being able to see my friends or the Cullins again. But doesn't that sound like a choice that I've been faced with before? Or I can decided that I don't want anything to do with the great Wainwright family and their legacy and take off on my own, only eventually that is going to mean really being alone. I don't know if I'm ready for that yet. After all, I can't expect Emmett and Rosalie to be content following me around forever. It isn't realistic and it isn't fair. I hope the years have been as kind to you as they said they had. I hope that you're happy. I hope that you don't mind that I broke my vow of silence; I can only say that I'll try not to do it again in the near future. So until my next moment of weakness. Bella