had a familial bond to King Aro and Queen Sulpicia, the two left with smiles. I knew that without I doubt I would do anything to protect Isabella and her child, even while she's human. When she was a vampire I'm sure she'll be quite the warrior, she seemed to have that fighting spirit. I would still protect her and her child though and I'm positive she will turn her child as soon as she comes of age. I let my thoughts wonder about the woman in my arms. She slept so peacefully, but something she did that surprised me was that she sleep talks. "Jane so comfortable," came out of her sleeping mouth then her body reacted and entwined her legs in my own. The next time she said "better than he ever was," and snuggled her head into the space between my shoulder. I gladly held her and even though my eyes darkened I was content to just lay with my mate for hours. However when she started making small sexual sounds I was forced to place my hand gently over her mouth as to avoid waking her up just to have sex with her. Especially with her daughter in the bed with us, it would not have ended well. I closed my eyes in thought and listened to the sound of Isabella and young Grace's heart beat, they were in tune with one another. However the young girl woke earlier, when she stretched she took a few moments to take in where she was, looking over at us with Bella still asleep I placed a finger to my lips telling her to stay quiet which she nodded. Gently I pulled out my phone, Aro answered immediately. "Yes Jane?" he asked in a hushes whisper. "Isabella's child is awake but she is still sleeping, I think she needs to sleep... would you and Sulpicia be able to take the child until she wakes up?" "Of course, we would love to spend the morning with our granddaughter," Sulpicia answered for Aro, I could also hear his agreement. With that I hung up the phone and turned to Grace, the girl looking at me with utter curiosity plastered on her young face. I quietly slipped from holding Bella as gently as I could, she just turned in bed and continued to sleep. "Grace, let's let your mother sleep. Your grandparents will be here soon to take you out for breakfast," I quietly told her. "Okay," she yawned stretching, she seemed to not mind the castle at all. Moments later there was a quiet knock on the door, barely registered by vampire hearing. I opened the door to see Aro and Sulpicia. Grace walked over and looked up at the king and queen with small olive green eyes. "Are you Renee's ex husband?" she asked them. "No child... but we are Isabella's parents, and therefore your grandparents," Sulpicia said leaning down to be eye level. "You have red eyes, they look pretty. Mummy says she used to love someone with gold eyes, but he was what she called a dick... what's a dick?" Grace asked innocently and Sulpicia looked mortified at the young girls question while Aro suppressed a chuckle. "That is a question that should be answered later sweetie, for now we should let your mother sleep. Tell me child, what do you want for breakfast, we'll get you anything you want," Sulpicia said with a radiant smile, one thing I haven't seen for quite a while. "Do you have blueberry and banana pancakes with ice cream and waffles?" Grace's eyes lit up like a lightbulb. "I'm sure we can manage that," Sulpicia said. Silently they left the room yet Grace's young voice could still be heard from a while away speaking with Sulpicia and Aro. I went back to bed and slid in with my mate who was soundly asleep. I continued listening to the soft beats of her heart well into the day, when it started increase I could hear the gentle yawn that came from her as she began to wake. "Grace? Grace!" Isabella shouted immediately, noticing her daughter was missing. "Calm down Isabella," I said trying to sooth her. "Where is my daughter!" She shouted frantically. "She's having breakfast with your parents," I replied. Isabella immediately shot out of bed, and ran out of the room. I had to follow her and guide her towards the kitchen where I could hear Grace talking to botch Sulpicia and Aro with the curiosity that comes with being that age. "Grace!" Isabella shouted barging in to see the young girl sitting at a table with a plate of blueberry and banana pancakes on top of waffles with french vanilla ice cream and maple syrup on top. "Morning Mummy, Janie said you needed sleep so she asked Nana and Papa to look after me," Grace said through a mouth full of food. "Good morning Isabella, we did not mean to frighten you. Jane requested you sleep longer and so asked us to care for your daughter as we are your grand parents," Sulpicia said with a smile. "Nana made me that breakfast you say we couldn't afford, how awesome is that!" Grace said holding up a fork with a piece of pancake and maple syrup on it. "Heidi is currently getting your breakfast, please sit join us," Aro said pulling up a seat for Isabella next to Grace. I sat on the opposite side of the table next to Aro. "How did you find the sleep?" Aro asked, while Grace was animately talking to Sulpicia about primary school and how she disliked that she wasn't able to see her mother much due to work. "I slept better than I have in years... since... he left," she admitted and I suppressed a growl. "Might I ask who this 'He' is?" Aro further inquired, I too wanted to know what the name of the vampire who hurt my mate is. "Edward Cullen".