he was sent off to some military school and never heard from again. Frank's wife blamed everyone, acept her son and husband. I still thought she knew what was going on, but I couldn't prove it. She lost enough as it was...the lifestyle she was accustomed to was gone, and the last my mom heard, her family had taken pity on her and moved her back east. I was right with the two officers under my dad. They were charged with tampering with evidence and numerous other charges, that they would not see daylight for a long time. As for Frank, with all the charges against him he was sentenced to thirty years, but was killed in the first year by someone he pissed off. Carlisle's name was cleared and his family received everything back that was taken. His family tried to come back into their lives, but Esme threw a fit. She told them in no certain terms to go to hell. That was the last they were heard from. Principal Banner was arrested later in that week and what a sight that was to see. He had been covering up what James' had been doing for years. Frank was also black mailing him for something he had done a few years prior, though we never found out what. The last my father had heard he was working some low paying job, as he was barred anywhere he put in an application for. As for Edward and I, we never parted again. Through all of this we had found each other. It took a while for him to be out and about, which I never blamed him for. For years he had to hear the whispering and taunting whereever he went. I loved him and in time everyone else left him alone. We both graduated with honors and went on to attend Washington State. I think this shocked everyone, because we had both received offers from several prestigious schools across the country. In the end, he wanted to spend time with his parents. He lost so much when they had to take jobs that kept them away from their son. My parents supported my decision, but my father once again turned that lovely shade of red when I told him we were moving in together. My mother quickly told him that we had proven we were adults and that it was time to start letting go. I saw tears in his eyes when I graduated, I saw tears in his eyes when Edward told him he was going to follow in his footsteps, I saw tears in his eyes when he put my hand in Edward's so we could say our vows and I saw tears in my dad's eyes when I told him that my book about Edward's family was going to be made into a movie. He was proud of us both and accepted Edward like his own son. "Penny for your thoughts, love. What are you thinking about so hard over there?" Edward pulled my hand up to his lips and kissed my knuckles. "Just wondering how everyone is going to take this news. Maybe telling them at the restaurant was a bad idea?" "You and I both know they're going to be ecstatic. They have been asking this of us for a long time now." We had been married for a five years. We both wanted to be settled in our lives before adding anything else to it. I may have had a degree to teach, but I went on to be a crime writer. With my first book in a series made into a movie, the others were wanted for a television. I was all for it, but it would have to be that I moved where ever they were filming, because I was not letting anyone else make my words alive but me. For a few years it went well. Edward flew through the academy and was offered a position with the state, but unfortunately, all of it took a toll on us. It took my dad getting shot during a random car stop that I realized our lives were out of control. Edward resigned from his position and when he found out they were in search of a new chief for Forks he jumped on it. The town accepted him just like they had my father. As for me, I still was in control, but did it from far away. I still had the last say in anything and only had to make a trip or two to California, but for the most part, it was done from my computer. When we had decided to take a weekend trip to Seattle, our parents, which had become not only in-laws, but best friends, decided to celebrate their wedding anniversary together. Both my mothers had fond memories of Canlis as children, so that was the designated place for tonight. Edward pulled me out of my thoughts as he opened my door and grabbed the gift bags I handed to him. He wrapped his arm around me as we waited to be seated. At least when Edward set this up he reserved one of the private dining rooms. We both gave our parents hugs and sat down to enjoy the meal. Small talk was had and Esme showed us the diamond bracelet Carlisle had gotten for her. Dad showed off the new watch mom got him but was more excited about the new fishing pole she bought as an afterthought. My dad had found the love of fishing and Carlisle often joined him now. Edward handed over our gift bags and we both waited impatiently for them to be opened. I once again saw tears in my dad's eyes when he saw the ultrasound picture and the onesie saying grandpa's fishing buddy on it. All I ever wanted was to have Edward let me love him and he did. Our baby was proof of that.