School so much so people thought we we're secretly dating until they found out he's gay. I stored my things in the break room before making my way over to Evan. Evan's a good looking guy blond shagging hair, with crystal blue eyes, he's a typical Cali surfer type but only physically. Evan is an intellectual he reads almost as much as I do, it's one of the things we've bonded on when we met. I sighed as I took a seat at the front desk with Evan. "I take it you still haven't found the 'Big O'?" I glared at him and he laughed while pulling me into a hug. "Oh my poor Bella you're wound up tight, aren't you?" I pushed him off. "Shut up, How is Mark?" I asked to change the subject, that's all it took to get Evan going, he and Mark have been dating as long as Jacob and me. They met at Fork's High, and kept their relationship secret because Mark wasn't out to his parents yet. But, Mark is a wildlife photographer who now lives in Florida; they see each other when they can. "I'm moving to Florida." Wait, what. "You're moving?! Oh my gosh, that's so great!" I enveloped him in a huge hug. "When do you leave?" He smiled, "in a month." "Wow." I breathed out. I'm sad to see my good friend go but I'm happy for him though. They both light up whenever they are around each other. "You mind coming over to help me pack?" "Just name the time." Today's shift was quiet; I spent half of the morning checking books back into the system while trying to ignore Evan's teasing about my issues. He's the only one that knows about my issue. He's the one person I'd ever tell and trust not to say anything to anyone. But that doesn't mean he won't be a jerk about it, and boy was he. Mrs. Bowers came in a little later to set up for the bingo night being held here later tonight. We left Evans in the front and headed to the events room to set up. I was all too eager to get away from his teasing. Mrs. Bowers is an elderly woman with long silver wavy hair just past her shoulders sparklingly grey eyes and tons of energy. She's been in Forks since she was five years old, and has never wanted to leave. Her children are the anywhere but Forks, type so they only visit once in a blue moon. "Bella dear you and that man of yours ever work through your issues?" The box I was holding slipped and almost dropped to the floor. "Wah-What issues?" I asked placing the box on the table. Mrs. Bowers has always been a get to the point kind of girl. She can't know about Jake and mine little issue can she? Is it like written across my forehand? She gave me a look I noticed from the corner of my eyes. "Dear, I'm old not dumb. I notice things. Your eyes are different." "My eyes?" "The eyes tell no lies." I blanked at her. "Did you just rhyme?" She frowned, and looked at me thoughtfully. "I may have, but that's beside the point. Don't stay with him if you are unhappy." She turned around effectively ending the conversation. But I wasn't done. "We're going to be fine. We're working through it." She only hummed. "No really," I sighed. Moving back home really makes me miss the city. At least there not everyone knows who I am and what's going on in my life. Jacob called me later that afternoon to invite me over to a bonfire down in La Push. It's the first time we've been able to do something together other than a quickie. I arrived an hour after the bonfire started. "Hey Sweetie," Jacob walked over to me, bent down to kiss my lips. The rest of the guys and girls were sitting around the fire all looking at us. Sam's expression disapproving, and everyone else looking wary it's weird and made me feel unwelcome. "Hi guys," I waved timidly. It was stupid considering I've known these guys for years, but that didn't shake this feeling. "Hey Bella," Leah smiled at me and glared at Jacob when she thought I wasn't looking. Everyone else greeted me in their on ways, and Jacob lead me to a log next to the fire and we sat down. They all chatted amongst themselves but it felt forced like everyone was afraid to be himself or herself. Normally, when this happens to me it's because I'm the cop's daughter but most of the guys here are La Push cops. Do they not like me? Have I done something to offend everyone? The last time I've hung out with everyone like this was…. Actually I don't remember anytime we've been together like this especially since Jacob joined the force. They were hiding something. That much was apparent there's been a couple of times when they'll catch themselves from mentioning certain words. Imp- was one of them. Sam called Emily his Imp- Why would they do that? Jacob all but smothered me physically but ignored me otherwise. His arm wrapped around me possessively as he spoke to Seth, and whenever one of the guys made eye contact with me he was stiffen for a second before relaxing again. "You ok," I whispered to Jacob. He turned to look at me for the first time that night. "Yeah, why?" He asked. "You've been rubbing your chest a lot lately." "Oh," he grimaced. "Just a bad habit I've picked up from the guys," he smiled. "No worries," he placed a kiss on my temple. I didn't believe him. Something didn't sit well with me about Jacob and his friends. But for the life of me I couldn't muster enough feelings to care. Author's Note: So, what'd you think about my come back?