hair?" Angela asked as she fluffed her hair in the mirror. "Ali, c'mon. He may look like someone famous, but Edward is HOT on his own and so easy to talk to. I don't think I have been this comfortable around a guy in the beginning since Jake and it was just easy with him cause I had known him for so long." "He still looks like Anthony Masen, which my dear Bella, makes you one lucky bitch, cause he seems to only have eyes for you tonight. Did you notice the waitress eye fucking him and trying to rub her boobs all over his back? Talk about disgusting. But he just leaned closer to you." "Yeah, I did see that. That was fucking awesome!" "Well ladies, enough gossiping. Lets get back to the table." Angela said as she waved her hand towards the door. We got back to the table and Edward and I started talking like we did during the last break. "So Alice really thinks I look like that actor guy?" Edward asked smiling down at me. "Yeah, so much so that she is going to make me watch one of his movies when we get home tonight. I'm sorry if she's embarrassing you with all the staring. She isn't usually like that." "Oh no worries, Bella. But if Alice is so much into the guy, how come you don't know who he is?" Why is he asking me this? Kinda strange, but whatev. "Honestly, I've just been so busy with school the last year or so, that movies have kinda taken a back burner. I used to go to one every weekend, but the last several months I've had a late class on Fridays and usually had to work on Saturdays. So, no recent movies for me. But my class ended last week. So I have my Fridays again." "Ah that makes sense." He said rubbing his thumb across my back again. I don't even think he realized that he was doing it. Which made it feel that much nicer. The last period started then and we thoroughly enjoyed watching the Flames take home a win. Once the game was over we all sat having one more beer before we decided to start heading home. "Bella?" Edward asked as we stepped outside of the bar "Are we still on for tomorrow night, I would really love to see you again." "Of course! I can't wait to see you again either." I said with an internal squee. "Great, Ill see you at Grounds at 7 then." He leaned over and hugged me, and what a hug it was. He was warm, and all I could smell was him. A little bit of beer, some cologne and just man. It was so good! "Awesome. Tomorrow night at 7. Bye Edward." I sighed. "Bye pretty girl." He waved as he and Emmett headed to Em's car. Alice and I said goodbye to Ang and Ben and then headed home to our apartment. "Bella, he really likes you!" Alice said as she bounced toward our apartment. "Oh I hope so Ali, I don't know him well yet, but WOW, he is nice, hot and as a bonus; he has a job!" I said laughing. "Well, lets get home and then you can watch the movie and you can relive him. Cause I was seriously not kidding when I say he looks just like Anthony!" "Alright already. I sort of believe you. But I still need to see for myself." We got home a few minutes later and I went to change into pajamas while Alice cued up the movie. About 5 minutes in, there he was. Anthony Masen. I agreed one hundred percent with Alice. He and Edward could be twins! My jaw dropped and I think a little bit of drool pooled under my chin. Anthony even sounded similar to Edward; it was uncanny. "You weren't kidding Ali. They look so much alike, it's almost scary." "I fucking told you Bell! Now do you see why I was star struck? I'll say it again, you are one lucky bitch!" We watched the movie and I actually enjoyed it. Anthony Masen was a really good actor. He had comedic timing and as per most rom coms was even able to draw a few tears. I was impressed. I was still shocked as to how much he looked like my Edward. I went to bed that night and dreamt of two pairs of green eyes. A/N: There you have it. The first reposted chapter. For now, the posting schedule will be twice a week. So if you enjoyed this, put me on alert and keep an eye out for the rest! I am also going to pimp out a story or two at the end of each chapter. This time I want to recommend two of my favourite people. I don't want to say just authors, because I know both of these ladies personally. We all live in different areas of North America. Me in Calgary, one in Texas and another in Mississippi and we had a chance to spend last weekend together in Texas! And what a fabulous weekend it was! We need to do it again soon ladies! The first is my beta, my sister from another mister, the other half of brain (literally, you'd be shocked at how much we think alike) CullenSweetheart – we met through one of her stories called "Spin Cycle". Set in her home state of Texas. Edward is a Texas State Trooper Bella lovingly calls Trooper Fuckhot! Read it! Second: Edwardrocksmysocks – this Mississippi girl knows how to write! She has also pre-read and beta'd for both me and CullenSweethart. She has a story on her profile called "Leap of Faith". It's a historical set in the early 1900's and loosely based on the movie 'The Harvey Girls'. I read it in one night and couldn't put it down. So another must read!