the kiss she had started. We broke away when breathing became a problem. "I missed that." I said as I pressed my forehead to hers. "I did too. So much." I smiled and sat down on the couch, pulling her into my lap and then pressing my lips to hers again. Things escalated quickly. Our shirts were removed and I was lying on top of her on the couch. I pulled away and looked down at her. "Fuck, you're even more beautiful than my imagination remembered." Her response was to kiss me again. Hands were roaming and I moaned as hers roamed over my ass. I pulled away from her lips on a gasp. "Fuck, Bella. If your hands keep wandering like that, I won't be able to stop myself." Her brown eyes shone as she smiled. "So don't stop then." I stilled completely and stared down at the beautiful woman in my arms. "Are you sure baby?" She nodded and I moaned stroked one of her hands over the bulge that had formed in my jeans. I crashed my lips back to hers and let my hands start their own roaming. I had her bra off and tossed across the room. The boobs that had stared in my fantasies over the last year were on display before me. I stroked a thumb over one nipple, smiling when I heard her moan; and I quickly took other nipple into my mouth. My tongue flicked it, tasting the taut bud. Her back arched off the couch and she whimpered. I let my hands slide down her ribs and slowly pushed down the stretchy pants she was wearing. I let out my own moan when I realized that she wasn't wearing any underwear. "Fuck, Tex." I said lowly as I slid a finger over her already wet slit. "You're soaked." "Only for you, Edward. It's only ever been you." She said between sighs as I flicked my finger through the wetness and up to her clit. I slammed my mouth back to hers and slid a finger into her dripping pussy. Her hips pressed it further into my hand as I pushed a second finger in; my thumb rubbing slow circles over her already swollen clit. It didn't take long before she was panting my name, the walls of her tight pussy squeezing my fingers and her orgasm soaking my hand. I could feel my cock getting painfully hard in my jeans as I thought of how it would feel being buried deep inside her. I smiled down at her as I slid my fingers out of her and into my mouth, moaning at the taste of her release. Her eyes were dark and satisfied. She took a deep breath and smiled. "Your turn." She tried to push me up but I wasn't having any of that. "Oh, Tex. You're not doing that tonight. My cock needs to be inside you when I cum tonight." As I looked down at her, I got serious. "Bella, can I make love to you?" She sighed out a yes. I stood and pushed my pants down to the floor, then covered her body with mine. "Before we do this, I need you to tell me something." "Anything, what do you need Edward?" "Are you back? Are you my girl again, my Tex?" Her eyes filled with tears again. "I've always been yours, but yes, if you'll have me. I'm back." I kissed her, devouring her mouth, my tongue fighting with hers. I slid a hand down her body to her knee and lifted her leg up over my hip. Opening her up so that I could easily slip inside. I let my cock slide up and down her slit, not quite slipping inside. I knew then that I wouldn't last long; I wasn't even inside her yet and my cock was already weeping. I pulled away from her mouth. "Baby, I am so sorry, but I'm afraid that this is gonna be quick. I haven't been with anyone since you left" "I don't care Edward, just take me." I did as she asked and pushed my cock inside. Both of us gasping, she was so fucking tight that I didn't know how I could last longer than a few pumps. I wanted her to cum again, so I slipped one hand in between us and rubbed her clit as I pumped in and out of her. It only took a few seconds before she was squeezing my cock with her second orgasm. I couldn't hold it anymore, both of my hands gripped her hips and I roared her name as I slammed into her one more time. I collapsed on top of her, both of us panting. I lifted my head and looked at her, she had tears streaming down her face and I was immediately on alert. "Oh, Bella. Did I hurt you? Are you okay?" I sat up quickly and pulled her up with me. "I'm perfect, absolutely perfect. I just forgot how good you felt. How good we always were together." I sighed and pulled her close. "You're perfect." We sat there for a few minutes and then I stood up with her in my arms. She giggled and I reveled in the sound. "What are you doing?" She asked as I made my way to the bedroom. "Taking you to the shower. I don't know about you, but after that, I'm a little sticky and a lot dirty." I sat her down on the floor in the bathroom and smiled. She giggled again. "You always were a dirty boy!" I barked out a laugh and slapped her ass lightly. I couldn't remember the last time I had actually laughed an honest laugh. I couldn't describe how happy I was, and after a long lonely year, I felt complete again. A/N: So what did you all think? I have been trying to come up with more, but for now, this is complete.