me into a hug and held on tight. "Are you ready to leave?" I asked. I could feel my bed calling my name. "I don't want to leave like this, let's dance a little bit more. Than it can be me, you, and Netflix's for the rest of the night." "Deal" Two tequila shots later, I was wasted. My filter was gone and my body did whatever it wanted, like it had somehow been disconnected from my brain. Tove Lo "Talking body" song came on which was my absolute favorite, so Rose and I started grinding on each other to the beat of the song. Bed, stay in bed The feeling of your skin locked in my head Smoke, smoke me broke I don't care, I'm down for what you want That's when I saw him from across the room. Seth's absolutely gorgeous cousin, with the fuck me hair and dreamy eyes. Suddenly, I didn't want to be grinding against Rose, but against him. Day drunk into the night, wanna keep you here Cause you dry my tears, yeah Summer lovin' and fights, how it is for us And it's all because He's dressed in a black suit that is well tailored. I mean panties were flooded. Closing my eyes, I began to fantasize that it was him holding on to my hips, his fingers that were digging into my jeans, and his chest that was pushing into my back. I felt a jolt within my abdomen that forced me to open my eyes and meet a pair of green ones, only a few feet away from me. Our eyes connect for what felt like forever. Now if we're talking body You got a perfect one, so put it on me Swear it won't take you long If you love me right, we fuck for life On and on and on Now if we're talking body You got a perfect one, so put it on me Swear it won't take you long If you love me right, we fuck for life On and on and on Throwing caution to the wind, I left Rose and headed towards a man that I could only define as a pure dream. The closer that I got to him, the more defined his features became. He had a chiseled jaw, perfectly angled nose, and beautifully bright green eyes. Also, he was at least a full foot taller than me. With no control over my actions, I placed my one hand on his muscular chest and wrapped my other hand around his neck, pulling myself up to his ear. His scent of pine trees and fresh linen made me weak in the knees. "Didn't your parents teach you that it's rude to stair?" I asked in the most flirtatious way possible. I didn't know where this seductress personality came from, but when in Rome. "Dance with me and I might forgive you for your rudeness." Gazing into his eye, I shivered involuntary at the brief moment that I grab his hand and lead him to the middle of the dance floor. I grasped his other hand and place both of them around my waist as I began moving to the music with my back against him. I started to feel slightly awkward, due to the fact that dream man was standing still as I was grinding on him. It was like dancing with a statue. A warm, hot, slightly panty melting statue. My hand, which I had no control over, moved from his hand on my waist, up his muscular arm, grazing his neck, and stopping when it started to pull on his hair. Suddenly, the grip on my hips became tighter and his body began to relax and move with me. Within no time, I was a panting mess and he began to kiss down my neck. "Jaysus!" He breathed heavily into my ear and I began to feel something a little harder than the rest of his body against back. He moved his hands from my waist to the apex of my thighs and pressed the seam of my jeans into a very hot and throbbing part of my body. "Shit" I cursed. Having no idea if it was the alcohol or him that was doing this to me, all I knew was that I didn't want it to stop. The muscles in my stomach were clenching and I quickened my pace against him. The more we moved, the harder he pushed his hand into me and the tighter my muscles got. The invisible cord that would release this tension was so close to snapping, but the silence in the room caused our movements to cease. The music had stopped playing. The club was closing, and the DJ was breaking down his equipment. Are you freaking kidding me? I'm was a frustrated mess, and not caring that the music was no longer playing, I began pressing myself into my dream man harder than before hoping he would get the message to continue. "Sweetheart, ya gotta stop moving, or I won't be responsible for any further actions." His voice said with a silky Irish accent. Oh god, he could read the phone book and it would be sexy. I still couldn't shake the idea that I had heard his voice before. "I gotta make sure Seth isn't fuckin up the bar close out." He guided me over to a couch and forced me to sit down. "I'll be back. Don't move ok? Ya, can't leave me." GASP! As always, reviews are welcomed, nice reviews are appreciated. Also, I am one of the worst writers when it comes to checking spelling and grammar, so I am looking for a Beta to help point out all my flaws. It would be for this story and possibly for "The jury is out" which is my other fanfiction that I am currently writing. Stay tune, cause there is much more to come. Hoped you guys enjoyed! Sincerely, -AliceInMyWonderland