second to last one and glances down to concentrate. Jacob watches her, a thoughtful look on his face. "Hey, Leah," he says, slowly, "Can I try something?" "Whatever," Leah says, not looking up from her shirt, until Jacob's shadow covers her. "What's up?" Jacob swallows, and places his hands on her shoulders. "Wha-?" Leah starts, before she's cut off by Jacob's lips. Leah freezes and Jacob pulls back. "Please, Leah?" he says, "Can I just-?" He kisses her again and this time Leah kisses back hesitantly. Jacob closes his eyes and really kisses her; slowly but surely. Leah parts her lips as he kisses her and he deepens it. Leah's hand fell away from his chin and slid down his neck. Jacob pulls away and stares at Leah who looks a little confused. He rests his forehead against hers. "Thank you," he breathes, and Leah blinked. "What was that for?" she asks pushing him away and Jacob doesn't know how to explain. "I think I-" he squares his shoulders, "I love you, Leah," Leah laughs, "Nice try, Jake," she turns away from him. "Leah, wait. I…Renesmee left me because I didn't want to have sex with her!" Jacob blurts, making Leah more confused than ever, "And that hurt, but you've stuck by me through everything. You helped me learn to control my temper and comforted me when I felt like the world was ending. You never judge me and I…I want to give this a chance," Leah stares at him and Jacob shifts nervously. "I know that we'll probably never be able to…you might not want to be with me since I can't…you know," Jacob babbles and Leah's lips quirk up into that familiar smirk. "You mean because we won't be able to have sex?" Leah asks, and Jacob nods. "I'm a big girl, Jake. I can take care of myself," Jacob is stunned, "So, you'll go out with me?" Leah shrugs, "Why not? We already spend all our time together anyway," Jacob can't help but kiss her again. Jacob officially moves in with Leah and moves off her couch into her bedroom. Leah likes to cuddle and Jacob's glad that he doesn't have to worry about Leah pushing for more. They do their yoga together, they watch movies together, go on patrol together, shower together, hold hands, and cook together. Jacob especially loves kissing her. Whenever he kissed Renesmee it was tainted with a memory of her as a child, with Leah theirs no weird paternal feelings. Leah meant it when she said that she could take care of herself. She never presses for him to have sex with her and on nights where she takes care of herself, she throws him out. Jacob offers to help; he thinks that using his mouth on Leah wouldn't be nearly as traumatic as it was with Renesmee but she rejects his offer. "I like to make a night of it, besides, I have my toys," Leah says, then smirks, "And they're probably better at getting me off anyway." Jacob laughs, not at all offended. He loves Leah, he's not with her because of some stupid imprinting bond and he's not with her because she's hot, he's with her because he loves her with his heart and that's all he could ever hope for. "I love you," he says aloud, because he can, and Leah shoves his shoulder. "Of course you do, idiot," Leah says, pressing a kiss to his cheek, "Love you too," It's not all roses and sunshine though. They argue a lot and get a few strange looks from the other member of the pack who imprinted, especially Sam. "How did you break the imprint bond?" He asks and Jacob shrugs. "I didn't," he answers honestly, "I still feel the little tug that lets me know my imprints out there," "Then how-?" Sam starts, and Jacob cuts him off. "I just love her, man," he says, "And the fact that I imprinted couldn't stop me from doing something about it," He doesn't tell the other about his problem having sex, but only because it's none of their business. He's not ashamed, what he and Leah have is great and he wouldn't want to change it for anything. Quil questions him about it, and Jacob compares their situations. "I guess it's because I was their when Nessie was born and helped raise her." Jacob says, "You only got to see Claire when she came up with her parents in the summer and even then it was only for a short period." Quil accepts this and smiles, holding out his hand. "Well, I'm glad you're happy," he says, and Jacob smiles. "I am," he states, looking over at Leah, who's yelling at Seth for something, "She's perfect," Quil looks between the two of them and sighs, "Yeah, she's something alright," Leah looks over at the two of them and catches them staring. She raises an eyebrow and Jacob smirks, walking away from Quil and going to talk to the woman he loves. The woman he really was meant to be for. "I was worried about sex," he went on. "But you know what, Sulie? It's like being told I can't have any caviar for the next couple years. I don't even like caviar. And when you come right down to it, I don't want sex right now. I supposed you punched that into the computer? 'Cut down sex drive, increase euphoria'? Anyway, it finally penetrated my little brain that I was just making trouble for myself, worrying about whether I could get along without something I really didn't want. It's a reflection of what I think other people think I should want." ― Frederik Pohl , Man Plus Author's note: This didn't exactly turn out like I planned, but I've never read a story about Asexual!Jacob. It didn't turn out exactly as I planned but whatever. Review and let me know your thoughts, okay? I have other plans in the works.