see. Except Ellie being in the woods, and then disappearing." Alice explained her visions. - - Ellie's POV I had started on dinner, and walked into the living room to make sure Emma was lying on the couch with an icepack as I had directed her too. She was. At least someone listened to me. Walking over to her, I asked, "Hey Em', how are you?" "Hi Ellie, I'm okay." My sister replied while watching TV. "Is the ice-pack helping?" I asked her. Looking up at me, Emma replied, "Yes, it's helping." "Okay good, do you want anything to drink, while dinner is cooking?" I asked her. "No thanks, I'm good, thanks though." Emma said before turning her attention back to the show. "Yup," I tell her before heading back into the kitchen to check on our dinner. About fifteen minutes later once dinner was done, I fixed Emma's and my plate, and then took our food into the living room so Emma wouldn't have to move much. Walking over to Emma, I said, "Here you go Em', here's dinner." "Thanks Ellie," Emma said as she sat up slightly so she could eat her dinner. "You're welcome Hun," I told her as I sat down on the couch. After a few minutes of silence, beside the TV, playing, my sister asks, "So, when are momma and daddy coming home?" "I'm not sure, most likely late, they went out with some friends, so, most likely late," I answered my sister as honestly as I could. "Oh, okay," My sister replied before returning her attention back to the show. "Alright, Thanks El." I smiled. "No problem." I then made my way up the steps. Setting my iPod on its dock, and turning it on, I listened to some music. This time it was Florence + The Machine's 'Cosmic Love'. Pulling out my Math, I was tempted to call Alice. But I figured I needed to do this on my own. Later, what seemed like hours, I heard my parents pull in the drive. I figured they'd just go to bed. Half hour later, I heard my Mother pop her head in and say goodnight to me, and I said it back, adding 'I love you'. I heard my Dad take Emma into her room, and he then popped his head into my room. "You're still up?" He asked, curiously. "Yeah, homework, my suspension stuff." He nodded. "Well, sleep well, okay?" I nodded back in reply. "Love you Dad." "Love you too El." He said, as he shut my door. Soon after, I finished my homework and closed my book. Changing into my night clothes, I went to bed falling asleep quickly. But I couldn't help, that something felt so wrong. Yet I didn't know what it was. The next morning, I woke up to my alarm. Time for another crap-filled day; something told me I should stay home today. But I knew my parents would be a little irate about that. So, I got up and started for the bathroom, turning the shower on hot as I used the loo. Undressing, I stepped into the shower, the steam making it better, yet harder to breathe. The hot water was doing wonders for my muscles that ached as I worked on my homework last night. I washed and was soon out, regrettably. Heading to my room, I shut and locked my door and got dressed. I wasn't sure what I wanted to wear, and I wasn't sure on what my mood was. I suppose it was dreadful and depressing, so I chose something grey and dark. Blue jeans, grey shirt that had red writing saying 'Bite Me', that looked like blood. It was pretty cool, to be honest. I reached for a pair of pair of socks that I had gotten a couple years back from my now 'deceased' Aunt Mary; birthday gift to be exact. They were worn, but very comfortable, soft. I found my Wallaby's, my very comfortable shoes; Grippy on the bottoms, and they looked amazing, kind of like shoes from the UK. Tying them, I walked down the steps, and headed to the kitchen to fix me a bowl of cereal. My parents were still sleeping, and Emma from what I could hear, was taking her turn in the shower. As I sat down at the island, I ate my cereal in peace, listening to the rain pelt the windows. I loved the smell of rain, and it relaxed me. But at times, it could get to be too much. Finishing my breakfast, I washed the bowl out and stuck it in the dish washer. As I stood in front of the sink, I decided to pack our lunches. Well, Emma's and Katherine's. As I finished packing the lunches, I heard Emma rush down the steps, cheerful. "Morning El!" "Mornin' kiddo, why are you in such a good mood?" I asked, curious. "Ah, we have a sub in Math today, and your birthday is coming up." Ah, no. "Uh, that's nice. But what's so exciting about my birthday?" "Cause, it is. Just saying," I rolled my eyes, "Alright. Hurry up and get breakfast, I packed the lunch. All I have to do is find my raincoat and jacket, and get my homework." Emma nodded, happily getting her breakfast. I shook my head and headed upstairs. Fifteen minutes later, I was ready, and so was Emma. Grabbing my keys, I put my bag on my shoulder, and gave Emma the lunch sacks to carry. As I opened the door, I let Emma out first, and pulled it shut behind me, locking it. Grinning, I had a plan. I was going to get Sabrina suspended this time. And eye, for an eye. Authors Note: We hope you have enjoyed this story. If you could leave a review, and let us know what you think, that would be great, good or bad, we'll take either. Thanks again for reading, Alexis, and Riley