came off strong, but he means well." Peter had been rather straight-forward about what the other couples would be doing during the night and what Ayden and I should do since we were both two adults and single. Ayden took it in good stride, mostly giggling at my brother's dumber comments–or my favorite–blushing a pretty pink when his comments became rather graphic or suggestive. "Wait, if the four couples are in the rooms, where does that leave you? Rosalie must have miscounted when she told me how many couples were coming," Ayden said, slightly panicked. "I'll be fine on the couch. Trust me, I've slept in much worse, the couch is amazing compared to the stuff I used to sleep on when I was overseas." "Jasper! You're a guest here; you can't sleep on the couch. Please, take my room and let me stay on the couch." I shook my head. "Absolutely not. I won't remove a lady from her room. Ayden, I'll be fine." She eventually sighed and bid me goodnight before returning to her room and shutting the door. I lay down on the couch and looked at Simba who was laying on his dog bed near the stone fireplace. I whistled softly and the dog came over slowly. "Hi, Simba, you're a pretty good boy, aren't you? I bet you're a handful for Ayden though," I spoke to him. He made a quiet grumble and laid his big head on his equally large paws. Around three-thirty in the morning, I woke up when I heard an "oomph" and something scratch against the floor. I shot up off the couch and whipped around to see Ayden standing in the kitchen, a hunter green robe wrapped around her body. The top was open in a deep V showing something red underneath. When she saw me standing in the doorway, she made a small yelp and her hand shot up to the base of her throat. "Jesus, Jasper!" she whispered fiercely. "You scared the crap out of me!" "Sorry. I heard you bump into the chair," I replied, pointing to the chair she was standing next to that was pushed slightly out into her path. "Edward warned you that I was a little bit klutzy," she stated softly. "Why were you awake anyway?" I asked curiously, moving around the furniture and coming closer to her. "I couldn't sleep. I came in here to get a drink of water. I always have trouble sleeping the first night here. The sounds always get to me." "No scary movies for you then," I joked. "No, those usually end up in a nightmare, which is why I watch very few of them," she replied with a smile. "Look, this is going to sound very forward, but would you mind staying in my room? I'll sleep better knowing someone else is in the room with me." I couldn't turn down her or resist her pretty smile. "Of course, I'll protect you from the big bad tree limbs blowing in the wind," I replied as a reached out to push a stray strand of hair behind her ear. She had pulled her thick hair up into a high pony tail earlier, but a few strands must have fallen out in her sleep. She batted my hand away playfully but stepped closer to me. I could smell the sweet scent of her peach shampoo and vanilla lotion. She smelled delectable and looked just as good in her robe and bare feet. I smirked at her when I caught her breathing in my own scent. She blushed and started walking to her room. I tried to fight back my growing erection that would be clearly visible in my cotton pajama pants while I followed her. I left the door slightly cracked and stood off to the side in a tense stance. When her robe cascaded to the floor to reveal red satin shorts and a matching tank top, I tried to think of anything besides taking them off of her slowly and then fucking her until she screamed my name and woke everyone up. To top it off, I could see that she wasn't wearing a bra, and that fact alone was making my head spin. Ayden crawled into the king sized bed and then patted the empty space next to her. Oh god, the woman was going to be the death of me. I slowly walked to the side of the bed but didn't sit down. "Oh, come on, Jasper. I'm not going to bite," she teased. "Hard." Sweet Jesus. I wondered how flexible she was. She had been a cheerleader. I was curious what she would let me to do her, what she would do to me. After her biting comment, I wanted her to bite me more than anything while I pounded into her tiny body, but I had already told myself I wasn't here for a one-night stand, or even a four-night stand, and as attractive as Ayden was, she was off limits. She was my cousin's and friend's girl friend. I sat on top of the covers and leaned against the headboard. Ayden rolled her eyes at me. "Whatever you're comfortable with, I guess. We are both adults, Jasper. I'm not going to jump you in the middle of the night." No, but I might jump you, I thought. "I trust that you'll keep my virtue in tact overnight, but I'm trying to show you respect as well." Ayden suddenly yanked the blanket out from under me and covered my legs. I couldn't do anything but shake my head. "There, I'll do it myself. Are all soldiers this stubborn?" she questioned with a sly grin. "Probably." She hummed and slid down into the sheets and closed her eyes. "Goodnight, Jasper." "Night, Ayden." I listened to her breathing even out before I eventually lay down and fell asleep a foot away from the sweetest and prettiest girl I had met in my entire life.