what the hell is going on? Is it mum? Is she okay?" I asked really worried now. Jasper stood up and came closer to me as did Peter. "Edward…this isn't something I think you should hear over the phone," he all but whispered. "Carlisle you need to tell him. He needs to know…please don't let my children find out through the god damned press, please Carlisle…you have to tell him," I heard my mother's tearful voice say in the background. "What's going on?" I shouted, now feeling my good day slipping away and been replaced with fear. "I'm so sorry son…so, so sorry," I couldn't believe it; my father was sobbing into the phone. I'd never heard him like this ever. "Okay you're really scaring me now dad…please just tell me what's going on?" I pleaded while nervously pulling on my unruly hair. "It's your grandmother…" He whispered, my eyes went wide at his words. "What about her? Dad? What about her?" My voice raised as the panic started to settle in. "She had a Stoke this morning son…Edward she didn't make it. She passed away about fifteen minutes ago. I'm so sorry, the doctor didn't think this would happen…he said there was a good chance she'd survive…but…she had another Stoke and…oh god!" I stood there shocked. Tears filled my eyes and started slowly rolling down my face. This…this couldn't be happening. Not my grandmother. She was made of iron that women…she was supposed to out live us all. No. No. This can't be happening. Why? Why now? She had so much to look foreword to. Alice and Jasper's wedding. The Olympics in 2012. Her diamond jubilee. My mother and fathers 30th wedding anniversary. She was supposed to see it all. And now she won't. Why? Why did this happen? "Edward? Edward what's going on, mate talk to me, Edward?" I snapped out of it and looked toward Jasper. How the hell do I tell my brother and my cousin that our grandmother has died? "We'll be home as soon as we can…I…dad I don't know what to say?" I whispered to him, the tears flowing freely now. "I know son…I'm the same. Just…please come home…we need you," He whispered. "We're leaving now…will be home in about 22 hours." My voice was suddenly very hoarse. "Okay…be safe we love you, tell your brother, Alice, Peter and Charlotte that we love them too…just come home safe please," I nodded even though he couldn't see me. "We love you too dad, give our love to everyone…we'll be home soon…bye," I put the phone down and looked to the concerned faces of my brother and cousin. "Edward? What's going on? Is mum okay?" Jasper asked frantically. "We need to leave...just passports and a change of clothing; the rest of our things will be shipped home for us. The cars will be waiting outside to take us to the private airport…please be quick and don't be picky…we needed to live like yesterday," I said, and then rushed to my room to grab what I needed. I simply grabbed a white dress shirt, some jeans, black boxers, my trainers, and my black leather jacket as it was going to be cold back in England, then on a second thought grabbed my laptop so that I could know what was going on while in flight. Once my bag was packed I went out to living room, everyone but Alice was there. "Jasper, we don't have time for this we need to leave." I sighed running a hand through my hair. "She's only in the bathroom…she'll be out in a sec…Edward what's going on? And don't give me some bullshit answer. I want to know what the hell is going on now," I looked up at him and everything was a blur as my eyes filled with more tears at what I had to tell my brother. I paused for a moment and felt my bag get taken from my hand and looked up to see Alec, he gave me a small smile, clapped his hand on my shoulder then walked over to Alice who had come into the room and took her bag from her too. I guess he already knew. "Today Edward. I want to know what's going on," Jasper was getting angry now. I nodded, he needed to know. I had to man up, be the big brother and tell him. Looking up and right into his eyes. "Gran had a stroke this morning," I watched as his eyes went wide, a wayward tear fell down my cheek. I angrily wiped it away. "No…dear God no!" Jasper pleaded moving closer to me, I nodded. "Please Edward...don't say it. For the love of God don't say it…" But I had too… "She didn't make it...she passed away about a half an hour ago," I whispered. "Oh my God!" Alice wailed she grabbed on to Jasper as her knees buckled under her. "This…can't be happening," Peter whispered. I nodded. Charlotte wrapped her arms around him and he sunk into her and his body started to shake with his sobs. For five minutes nobody said anything. We just stood there and sobbed. Alice had grabbed for me and somehow got me in an embrace with her and Jasper…who was an inconsolable mess. Somehow we ended up in the SUV that was taking us to the privet airport. Then onto the private jet. It was all just one big huge blur. All I knew in that moment was that all our lives were going to change. And even though I didn't know it yet. Especially mine. A/N: Soooooo what do you think? So REVIEW! They never fail to make me smile :) This is an update of the 1st chapter, as I now have the means to go through my grammar and spelling, but some things might slip through so I'm sorry if they do. Follow me on twitter at MsAliciaSwan fir updates and pictures Hugs Alicia xoxo