my name is Jasper, and this is my first recording of myself playing the guitar. I'm going to play Chasing Cars by Snow Patrol. So, yeah, be kind." And with that slightly awkward speech, he turns his attention to his beloved midnight black acoustic Fender and plucks the most beautiful notes from her. Gorgeous melody from his deep, southern voice mixes with the alluring notes of the guitar, all captured by the tiny webcam. Jasper tweaks and edits some of the video footage, and when he's satisfied that he doesn't look or sound like a complete tool, he hits the upload button. A small shot of adrenaline jumps into his system as he realises he just posted himself performing onto Youtube. "No point in stressing about it now." He tries to convince himself as the nerves jangle through him. Staring at the ceiling, he wonders if he'll ever get to sleep or if the anticipation will keep him tossing and turning all night. When he climbs out of bed the next day, Jasper promises himself that he'll get his chores done before he checks his Youtube account. A phone call from his only friend dissolves that promise in an instant. "Duuuude, you're trending." Tyler's voice holds notes of shock with a tiny bit of jealousy. The two boys have been friends since they were tiny, having both been babysat by Mrs. Cope for the majority of their childhood while their parents worked. There was something about the quiet shy boy that had brought out the protective side of Tyler, and years later, he is still looking after him. Unfortunately for Jasper, they had gone to different schools. It was Tyler's idea that Jasper take guitar lessons. "Because the ladies love a man who plays guitar." He had reasoned. Tyler has always felt a sense of pride whenever he hears Jasper play as he feels partly responsible for nurturing his phenomenal talent. But today, as ecstatic as he is for Jasper, he can't help feeling a twinge of the green-eyed monster. "What are you talking about?" Jasper knows fine well what he is talking about but can't quite bring himself to believe it. "You're all over the internet, man. Why didn't you tell me you were posting a video? I've been begging you to do it for years. Listen, don't log on until I get there okay? I wanna see your face when you realise how much people like you!" And with that Tyler hangs up. In a daze, Jasper flops back onto his bed. "I'm trending?" He wonders aloud to no one. "This is insane. It's unbelievable." And then Tyler's parting words echo in his mind. "People like you." The realisation makes Jasper slightly light headed, and he puts his blond-haired head between his knees. This is how Tyler finds him. "You're not gonna barf are you? Coz that's seriously uncool, dude." Jasper flips him the bird but doesn't move from his doubled over position. Barfing would be uncool right now. The sound of Tyler's fingers tapping away at his keyboard has his heart leaping into his throat. "What are you doing?!" His voice is all strangled and high pitched, like when he was going through puberty. "What do you think I'm doing? I'm logging in to read your comments, man." More tapping follows, each press of the button loud and intrusive to Jasper's ears. "Whoa, there's another ten thousand hits since I looked half an hour ago!" The awe in Tyler's voice has Jasper running to the monitor. And there, blinking up at him, is the most astonishing figure. Seven hundred and seven thousand five hundred and eighty eight people have watched him pluck away on his guitar. Blood rushes to his cheeks in… embarrassment? Modesty? He isn't sure, but his knees are about to buckle under the enormity of the situation. Falling into the chair next to Tyler, he asks, "Are… are all of the comments positive?" His voice wobbles, but he's too shocked to be embarrassed about that. "Well, I haven't sat and trawled through the hundreds of thousands that are there, but the ones I did read were all positive. You wanna take a look?" Nodding his head, Jasper grips the edge of the desk to keep himself anchored as Tyler begins to scroll through the comments. User456 "This guy is amazing!" Cookie_Monsterxxx "OMG how sexy is this guy?! And talented too! Such an amazing voice!" xXxBeauty4uxXx "Ugh this dude is amazing, just look at that fingering. He can work his magic on me any day ;)" Cal_God89 "Dude! Someone get this guy a record deal!" Every single comment is positive, granted not all of them focused on his guitar or singing abilities, but not even the trolls have weighed in to bring the mood down. Tears pricked at Jasper's eyes as the overwhelming feeling of acceptance wash over him. The shrill ring of his mobile startles the boys out of their musings. Chuckling sheepishly, Jasper answers the unknown number. "Hey, this is Jasper Whitlock." A deep authoritative voice answers his tentative hello. "Jasper, this is L.A. Reid from Epic Records. Kid, I'm gonna make you a star." Ten earth years later, Wish Giver Al'Eece is tallying her monthly figures when a spike in the data catches her eye. A small smile tugs at her alien mouth as she remembers the young lonely boy wishing to be liked. Now, he's a multi Grammy and Oscar winner with awards and platinum albums hanging from his walls. And up on Wish Station Five, the always needed life source has been increased dramatically. "What a satisfactory day." She muses to herself before turning back to the charts she was perusing. ~W&G~ Two very different wishes with two very different outcomes. I dare to say that had either human's had different Wish Givers then their wishes would have turned out differently. Just as it would have had they worded them another way. Such is the nature of Wishing and Granting.