back pulling me closer to him. I wrapped my arms around his neck, and pull the hair on the nape of his neck, he moans and his hands lower down to my ass he gently squeezes it before he lifts me up and wraps my leg around his waist. Oh my gosh, this felt so amazing. Everything about him excites me. His taste, his smell, even his laugh, no one has ever made me feel as full of life as I feel right now with him. He walks us over to the couch, and sits down with me straddling him, he starts grinding into me. "Tell me what you want, Bella?" He whispered in my ear his English accent thick. "You," I whisper back full of need. He chuckles, "your body has already told me that, what I want to do is taste every inch of you. Do you want that?" He asks me grinding harder into my center. "Oh God yes," I pant soaking through my panties. He flips me over so I'm lying on the couch. "First we have to take this off," he slowly lifts my shirt up, his hands traveling higher and higher, he cups one of my breast. "You're perfect." My shirt comes off quickly the rest of the way, he does the same with my pants slowly stripping them down his fingers lightly run up my core over my panties and I involuntary buck my hips craving more friction. He sits back and just looks at me in amazement. "You are the most beautiful woman, I've ever seen." I didn't feel the need to cover myself under his gaze; he made me feel the truth in his words through touches, the look in his eyes and the tone of his voice. He bent down to kiss me again and I stopped him with a hand on his chest, he looked at me confused. "Take off your shirt," I requested suddenly feeling brave. He grinned at me mischievously pulled and untucked his shirt. He started playfully humming horrible 70s porn music as he unbuttoned his shirt and took it off. I laughed at his silliness, "I've been waiting to explore your body with my mouth ever since you walked through that door." He began from my neck kissing, and sucking I moaned when I felt his tongue tasting me. "Hands up, Bella and don't move them." I lifted my hands above my head and kept them there. He didn't mention any punishment for not doing so but I didn't need one I wanted to obey this command and he knew it. His lips moved down to my collarbone nipping lightly and feathering kisses. When he reached my breast he moved my bra down and pulled my nipple into his mouth, the sensation of his cool breath on my nipple made me groan in pleasure. He traveled farther down exploring, tasting, licking every inch of me. When he discovered an area that would make me squirm underneath him, he focused on it, chuckling as each explicit word fell from my lips. The stimulation was overwhelming I wanted to move my hands but I didn't dare. "I'm going to really taste you now," he said placing a light kiss on my mound as he ripped off my panties. His breath gently blew on my heated core I moaned as my back arched off the couch. He is an expert with his mouth, sucking first gently on my bundle of nerves, and gradually adding more suction. I'm so close; the feeling in my lower stomach tightens. He slips his tongue into me, and I lose it I cum for the first time in a long time screaming his name in ecstasy gripping the edge of the couch for dear life. He plants kisses up my abdomen as he inserts a finger in my folds. "Ride my finger Bella use my finger to give yourself pleasure." I did exactly what he asked me as I rode off my orgasm. Carlisle strips off his clothing, and the rest of mine and hovers over me his very impressive manhood at my entrance. "I love the sound of you screaming my name, let's see if I can make a scream it again." He slowly entered me and we both moaned together at the feeling, he stretched me and reached deeper than I've ever thought possible. He captured my lips with his and we kept a slow steady pace, enjoying the feel of each other. "Oh God! You are so tight Bella, and warm," he groans. "You feel like home, darling." His words ignited something in me. He felt like home to me too. Like he was mine, and I was his. I wanted Carlisle to be mine. There was a different level of passion that inflamed in us, and we both began to move with a sense of urgency. He pumped in and out of me causing me to cry out in pleasure, and clench around him. After a few more pumps I heard his muffled groan and a tear his cool seed spilled into me and triggered my own orgasm. He lightly kissed all over my face, as we both came down from our high. I cuddle close him, as we both caught our breaths. "Did you bite the couch?" I laughed after seeing the damage. He grinned sheepishly. "Shut up," he said pulling me into a heated kiss. I pulled away and kissed down his body. "Looks like someone is cured," he said smugly. "Hmm..." I answered moving lower and lower. "Hands up Carlisle, and don't move them." I placed a kiss on his tip before wrapping my lips around his length. "Fuck, Bella!" He screamed. The End …. for now. A/N: Some of the dialogue is from actual conversations I've had with strangers, the likes, dislikes convo is one of them. Anyway, tell me what you think? Do you want to read what happens before and after this scene?