me from under his eyelashes. "You need all these chemicals to develop the photo's right?" "Yeah." "Well, these are all long expired. You need new ones. So I'm writing the names of them down, that way we know what to look for at the store." "We?" "I have my license and a car, you don't." I sighed and kept going through the bins. The photos my mom took were all placed in small boxes that were the same size as the paper she printed them on. I pulled the cover off a small box and found the photos I was looking for. I pulled the one on top out of the box and smiled. It was my favorite photo. In it was a mother wolf with her cubs. The father of the cubs stood in the background looking around as if he were surveying the land for any dangers that could come to his mate and pups. "What's that?" Emily asked as she placed some of the developing equipment in the bin they were previously in. I handed her the photo. "It's a photo my mom took. She took photos of wildlife. Animals in their natural habitats. This particular one is my favorite." Emily looked from me to the photo. Embry stuck his hand out for it. She handed it to him. "Why is it your favorite?" I paused thinking. "Um… I'm not sure. Maybe because it shows how protective the male is of his family. He watches out for them. And the mother, she loves her pups. You can tell just by the way she watches them. It's in her eyes." They both looked at me shocked. "What?" I asked self consciously. Embry was the one who spoke, "Most people think that animals don't feel emotions the same way as humans. That you can't tell what they are feeling just by looking in their eyes." "But you can. If you pay close enough attention. Sure they aren't like humans. Humans can mask their emotions, but animals can't." I stated. "Think about it. If you ever seen animal on the side of the road waiting for enough space to pass or an animal who is hurt, you can see the pain and fear in their eyes." Embry nodded, looking at Emily. "You're an animal lover." Emily stated. I nodded. "Especially wolves." I touched the photo that was still in Embry's hand. Embry "Especially wolves." Her words still echoed in my mind. I was lying in bed staring at the ceiling wondering how I could get so damn lucky. I meet a girl and my world shifts completely. Her loving wolves was an upside. I mean, would that mean she has a less chance of freaking out if me or any of the other guys accidentally shifted in front of her? She was my imprint. After today I wanted to tell her everything. I wanted to introduce her to my world. Emily and Sam had a chat with me after Sera had gone to bed. They didn't want her to know. They thought that after all the trauma she's been through in her life, she didn't need to know about us. I didn't know what trauma they were talking about. I got out of bed before I could change my mind. I made a decision and I was going to follow it. I quietly walked out of my room, softly closing the door. I made my way through the living room and up the steps. I had to creep along the hallway watching every step I took, because I didn't want to wake Sam or Emily. When I reached Sera's door, I slowly opened it before walking in and closing it. The lamp near her bed was still on, but she was laying down with her eyes closed. She seemed to be asleep. "Sera?" I whispered making my way over to sit on the corner of her bed. Sera's eyes snapped open and she sat up. Her eyes took me in. "What are you doing in here?" She whispered obviously frightened. I lifted a shoulder and then let it drop. "I wanted to talk." She watched me. "You couldn't wait til morning?" I shook my head. Sera let out a shaky laugh. "You'll be starting school with me tomorrow." I told her. "Yeah I know. Who else goes there?" "Uh, Seth does. Jake and Quil do sometimes but Sam's been trying to get them to go more often. Jared graduated last year." "What about Brady and Collin?" "They're thirteen. Still in middle school." "How old is Seth?" "He's sixteen. Jake and Quil are seventeen." She nodded looking away. "Um, don't take this the wrong way or anything, but I was just wondering, are all the guys here like really hot?" She asked as a blush crept up her face. I coughed shocked by her question. "I'm not gay, so…" She started laughing so loud I had to cross the bed and cover her mouth with my hand. Her eyes grew wide and she stopped laughing. I put a finger to my lips before pulling my hand away from her mouth. "I never assumed you were gay." She told me. "You're way too hot to be gay." I slowly smirked. As if realizing what she just said she clapped a hand over her mouth mortified. "I'm hot, huh?" I asked still smiling. She blushed. "I didn't mean to say that." I chuckled. "Look, I don't know you. You don't know me. Can we just ignore what I just said and move on?" I didn't want to move on. I wanted to know exactly what she thought about me. I wanted to touch her again. To place my lips over hers. I wanted so much more that I knew I probably should leave the room. I stood from her bed. "I'll see you in the morning." I said before opening the door. "Goodnight, Sera." "Goodnight Embry." She whispered before I closed the door.