suit to look quite so good, nor did I expect the man to look quite so young or quite so handsome. The man that can only be Mr. Cullen is smiling easily, his hand stuffed in his pockets carelessly, the suit jacket puffed up around his wrists. His tie is loose, pulled at. His bronze hair is short in the back, around the ears, but long in the front, where it's in a messy wave over his forehead, like an old movie star, and I take one look at the strands and I just know he's constantly pushing it out of his eyes. His jewel green eyes. He's beautiful. I'm in love with the way he looks, the way he holds himself, the way he moves as he follows Carmen out onto the patio—confident and slow. "Isabella," Carmen murmurs, only looking mildly discomforted at having to introduce us. "Meet Edward Cullen. Mr. Cullen, meet Miss Isabella Swan." Then the phone inside the house is ringing, and Carmen is huffing and cursing in Spanish, and saying, "Excuse me, please," before darting back into the house before anyone else can blink. And then Edward Cullen glances down at me and smiles politely. "Nice to meet you." I stare up at him for a moment, my face coolly indifferent, before I offer a small, barely-curving smile. Then I point to the towels stacked on the rack and ask, my voice sugar-sweet, "Would you mind?" Mr. Cullen looks over, eyebrows arching, and immediately goes to get me one, just like I knew he would, because he's been raised as a gentleman, hold-the-door-open-for-the-lady kind of guy. "Here," he says, handing the white fluffy thing to me. "Thank you," I murmur and slowly ascend the pool steps. I'm relieved I'm wearing this bathing suit out of all my others. It shows the best of my curves, and when I peep out of the corner of my eye, I see Sweet, Handsome Mr. Cullen's own eyes dance quickly away, to his feet. I smile a little and lay the towel out over the pool chair before sitting down, on the edge, crossing my legs daintily. "So you're my mother's new boyfriend?" Mr. Cullen, to his credit, doesn't look one bit uncomfortable. He's still smiling, although it's taken on a slightly more smug tone. It's what they call a smirk—a crooked one, at that. "I am." I nod, pretending to debate. I purse my lips and everything. "I see. Do you usually find yourself dating women my mother's age?" I then inquire, arching my brows ever so slightly. His smile is Old Hollywood. "No, I can't say that I usually do. Your mother is…she's a really lovely woman." "Is the money she's worth also lovely?" I ask, my barely-curving-smile reappearing as I twirl my ankle—just a little. Edward's surprised by my bluntness, but he's all class as he smiles again and shakes his head. "I'm a Cullen, Miss Swan. If you do your research, you'll see I hardly need your mom's money." His green eyes narrow. A bit playful, a bit not, and he's not afraid to show it. "I hope that wasn't an accusation." I smile and tilt my head back and forth briefly, pretending to debate. "Hardly. I wouldn't dare accuse a lawyer, of all things. It was merely a simple, curious question." Edward's smirk is aggressive and attractive all at once as he crosses his arms over his chest and leans his side against the French doors. "Oh, I see." I find my pack of cigarettes on the table and draw one out, place it between my lips, light it. "I've already done my research on you, if you must know. I guess when my mother said she had a twenty-seven year old boyfriend, it does raise some red flags." Edward nods and smirks still. "I'm sure it would," he replies and in the same breath jerks his chin towards my cigarette and asks, "Your mother know you smoke?" I arch my brows slowly. "No. Are you going to tell her?" He grins, and it squints his eyes, wrinkles the corners, makes the emerald irises turn into sparkling summer green. He looks away as he does it, and he's movie perfect, old school class. My heart might actually kind of flutter. "Just a simple, curious question, Miss Swan." I stare at him, and he smiles at me, and I smile back, and I feel myself slipping. "That was Mrs. Swan," Carmen announces, reappearing, and I get jerked out of whatever spell I've been drowning in. "What did mother dearest want, Carmen?" I inquire, looking away from Edward and his dangerous smirks and messy hair. "She's going to be held up at the museum. She wanted to apologize to you, Isabel, for not being here to greet you. And she wanted to apologize to you, Mr. Cullen, for not making dinner. But I was informed to proceed with the food as planned." "Oh, that's fine, Carmen," Edward says, voice all smooth and deep and honeyed. "I don't want to put you out. I'll just go back to my place." I almost leap up to protest, but Carmen does it for me, saving me my dignity. "No, no, Mr. Cullen. Mrs. Swan wanted you to stay. You can get to know Isabel, she said." Carmen smiles warmly. And Edward's eyes flicker back to me, almost begrudgingly, but I pretend not to notice as I scoot back on the pool chair, lounging and tilting my head towards the sun, closing my eyes. I hear Mr. Cullen say, slowly, "If that's what Mrs. Swan wants." This is gonna be set in New York, by the way, although Renee and Bella are originally from Forks. The Hollywood references are just due to Bella's fascination with old movies and starlets. (; I might kinda be totally amazing if maybe someone might like to review. It'd totally make my night. And I'd be forever grateful. (; Thank you for reading so far!