that phone call, he was never the same. We fought often, barely talked to each other and everything was falling apart right in front of our eyes and there was nothing we could do about it. On the same night, I was in my dormitory on the school's campus rereading my notes for the morning when I received a picture from one of my good friends. It was of him kissing another girl at a party. My heart had dropped and I could hear my heart shatter. It still hurt to remember that that was the worse fight we had ever had. I remember when he knocked on the dormitory's beaten up, wooden door. He opened it before I could protest and I showed him the picture that my friends sent me, tears stinging in my eyes. He stared at it for a long time and his jaw visibly clenched. "What do you want me to say?" He asked in a cold voice. He wasn't the same person I had fallen in love with. He was broken and I knew it too. "Nothing. I don't want anything from you anymore!" I screamed, throwing my phone across the room. "Come on, Bella. You could see it coming, couldn't you? We never see each other or speak any more." He pointed out. "No!" I growled, pointing my finger at his face. The tears fell and I did nothing to stop them. "You're the one who stopped talking to me! I've been trying to keep up from falling apart but I can't do this any more. I thought I could but I'm dying here." I ran my hands through my hair. "What are you talking about?" He asked. "This!" I hissed, wavering my hand between us. "Since you found out about your dad, you changed. You're losing yourself and I can't help you. That's something you have to help yourself do." I said. "Please, leave." There was a knock on my bedroom door. I looked up from the notebook and saw my father standing in the threshold, a wide smile on his face. "Ready to take that long walk, baby girl?" I nodded and walked over to him. He hooked his arm around mine and escorted me to my wedding. As we were about to exit the house, he stopped and turned to me. "You know there's still time to run." He chortled, teasing. "You know I can't run without falling." I joked. The music started to play and that was our cue to leave. My dad gave me a kiss and told me he loved before pulling the veil over my face. We proceeded towards the beginning of the aisle. On our way, friends and family members were all seated, waiting for me. I looked up and saw the love of my life crying happily. A final memory played in my mind. It was two years after we had that big fight. I was sitting on that log that was still placed in front of the beach. The same placed where we had our first kiss and confessed our feelings for each other. For the first time in a long time, I was sitting there confused about my feelings. I could stay here, or move to a city and start over like he did. After I told him to leave, he had packed his bags and moved to a different city to start over. Jared always told me that he was doing fine. I told Jared to stop telling me about how he's doing because I needed to get over him too. It was much harder than I thought it would be. I sat on that log, thinking about what to do when someone sat next to me. A little startled, I looked to my right and saw him staring at the ocean. "What are you thinking about, Bells?" He queried, using that old nickname he gave me. "What are you doing here? The last I heard of you, you were in Cali." I said, staring at his face. He seemed a lot happier. "I was for a bit, but then I moved to New Mexico." "What are you doing here?" I questioned, looking back at the dark sea. He hesitated. "Well," He began. "I wanted to come back and tell you that I am sorry for what happened two years ago. You were right." I looked back at him and he smiled. "I know, I never say sorry." He laughed. "You were right. I didn't know what I was doing any more. After I lost my dad, I didn't know how to react to that. I pushed the only person who could comfort me." "What are you trying to say?" I inquired. He turned to me and gazed into my eyes very seriously. He placed a hand on my shoulder and admitted, "I really missed you and I want to make this work so badly." This was approximately a year and a half ago. It took a while to pick up the broken pieces and glue them back together, but after a while, we grew into it. Another thing I realized was that he and I were meant to be. I let him go and he loved me enough to come back. When we came to the end of the aisle, my father let go of my arm and took his place. I placed myself in front of the man I had met in sixth grade. He was the boy who finished my math problems with me, shared a bottle of booze, and lost my virginity to. He was the first boy to break my heart and the first to fix it. He was the first to break it a second time and the first to commit to fixing it again, too. He's my best friend, my lover and the most amazing person I could have ever hoped to meet. This is Paul, and forever my husband. Beta'd by: Moriarty's Diary