Nessie!" he shouted. "Jake! You shouldn't scare me like that." "I was checking to see if you were okay, I heard a crash and" he looks over to the kitchen to see pots and pans covering the tile. He shakes his head, "but I can see it's just your clumsy nature at work." It became obvious to me then that my overprotective mother had Jake watching and keeping tabs on me from a distance. "I'm not clumsy, I meant to do that." I lowered my head twiddling my fingers. He ran his fingers through his hair, once, twice then sighed as he turned to leave. "So what, you are just leaving now?" I mumbled. "Yeah." He said as he walked away. "Why?" "Cause ya' parents don't want me around you right now." "Do I get a say in this?" I whispered. He stopped with his hand on the door handle, and sighed. "Apparently not," he said then left shutting the door firmly behind him. My mouth popped open, this was absurd. Jacob and I were best friends and my parents had never had a problem with him until now. I needed to know why. I needed to confront my mother, what was so wrong with hanging out with Jake? I woke to the sound of Mum putting the pots and pans away. I lazily stretched as I woke from my nap on the couch. Groggy I turned to see mum shoving away pans. "What happened here?" she growled. "It was an accident. Sorry I forgot to clean it up." "Not good enough Renesmee," Mum growled again. I flinched, she only ever said my full name when she was mad and it was very rarely that she would growl me and never over something small like this. My reaction cooled her temper, "Sorry hun." She whispered, wiping the back of her hand against her forehead. I went to her and wrapped my arms around her hoping it would help and she sagged as the tension went from her body. "Where did you go?" I asked in a small voice. "To Aunt Alice's, as long as I live I will never meet a more pushy person." She groaned and untangled my arms then sat down in her chair in the living room. "I think she likes to call it persuasive not pushy." I pointed out. "She can call it what she wants, doesn't change the fact that if she wants something it's to be done right then and there." I giggled and sat down on the sofa in front of the fireplace. The fire was dying as I had fallen asleep soon after lighting it. I looked up and the light outside was beginning to start. I glanced at the clock, five am. "It must have been quite the job to take this long." She nodded her face in her hands as she did so. I laughed again then thought, if there is anytime to talk to Mum it's now. "Ugh, Mum I just want to know something…it's totally okay if you don't want to tell me, I just thought I had the right to know since it's my friendship you are messing with here." As I spoke she glanced up her brow furrowing. "Why are you keeping Jake from seeing me?" I asked, and there was a long silence. "You aren't a young girl anymore, as much as your father and I want to still believe you are. But with this comes the whole…ugh romantic…ugh feelings towards boys and your father and I thought it be best for Jake to not be a constant pressing presence in that time." I stood up, clearly offended. "Whoa okay, uh you said I need to make my own mistakes, to experiment things for myself, and now you are shielding me?" I threw my hands up. "I don't think Jacob is that stupid; Dad would see any plan he had-" "That's just the thing hun, he has been thinking that way. He has been noticing you more like that rather than a friend and we didn't want to risk him pushing you into anything." "Okay back up. Jacob would never do such a thing, he may be idiotic at times but he has never ever pushed me to do something I don't want to do." "I know hun, but this is different, he is an Alpha male wolf with raging…ugh hormones…more than any human has…" "Mum, I'm not stupid I know Jake. When we were alone when Jasper left, he didn't push me to do anything. I noticed he wanted to but he restrained himself," and had a massive hard-on that he tried to keep from my notice but I kept that thought to myself, thanking the heavens I wasn't talking to my Dad. Mum looked at me with worry. "Mum I'm not a baby anymore; I know how to handle myself. Have more trust in me that I can hang out with Jake and not get knocked up." "I'm not afraid of you being with Jake…romantically…or…" she closed her eyes, as if trying to come up with the right words. "I'm worried at what he will do." My mouth fell a little slack as I realized what she was getting at. "Mum…" "I'm not stupid either, Nessie, I know I'm prolonging the inevitable, you will eventually love him the way he loves you but I'm terrified that he will end up hurting you or worse." "So you are not scared about us…" I coughed, "uh doing things, you are afraid he will hurt me?" "Yes Ness." "But Mum, he is my best friend, he wouldn't push it like that he knows I-" "I know Ness, just promise me that if he as so much makes a wrong move you stop and leave." "Mum, are you giving permission-" "Promise me Renesmee." She looked at me sternly. "Yes Mum, I promise." I sagged against the couch watching the flames dance their last dance. To be continued…