back and looked in the mirror. She looked tired. She felt exhausted. She moved to her bed shaking Rachel awake. "Ray," she called softly. "Hey!" She sat up quickly pretending to be wide awake, "How are you feeling?" "Like crap," She replied to the concerned girl, "But that is not your problem. You need to head home. Check up on things, make sure Rebecca is suffering through her hangover." "I don't want to leave you alone right now." "I'll be okay. You can even come check up on me later." "Alright." She agreed. Leah pushed her into the shower and gathered some clothes she could borrow. Rachel dressed quickly and hugged her friend tight, "I love you, Lee." "Love you too." She said as she walked her friend downstairs. She walked into a quiet kitchen, "Good morning." "We need to talk, Leah." Her father said as she poured herself a glass of juice. "I really don't want to talk about it." "Not that," Leah turned to face her family. Sue was giving Harry a look while Seth refused to meet her eyes. "Emily was attacked last night." "What? Is she okay?" "She is fine. After she followed Sam she got lost in the woods. She was attacked by a bear, but luckily Sam found her in time." Knowing she was okay, Leah's anger returned. "Okay." "Okay?" Her father frowned, "Don't you want to go see her?" "No." "She is family!" Leah let out a humorless laugh. "That bitch isn't my family anymore. Family doesn't steal someone else's fiancé. Family doesn't ruin each other's life! I would be perfectly happy to never see her again!" "I am highly disappointed in you!" He stood from the table, "Come on Seth, let's go see your cousin." "I'm not going either." "Excuse me?" "She isn't my family anymore." Seth looked at his sister who was on the verge of tears, "She made her bed." Before Harry could argue Sue spoke up. "The children are right, Harry. She needs to leave. I don't want her in this house." "And where should she stay?" "I'm sure Sam would let her stay at his house." Leah muttered. Her parents ignored her, "I don't care. She can go home or to that boy's house. As long as she is not here." "Sam is an important member in this tribe. He is thinking of joining the council. She is family…" "Why are you defending them?" Leah asked suddenly cutting her sputtering father off. "When we started dating you threatened that if Sam ever hurt me there would be nothing left of him to find. What happened to that man?" "I…" "What aren't you telling us, Harry?" Sue asked, "What's going on?" "Nothing, unity is important…" "Bull shit," Leah said standing up. "I can't listen to this anymore." She stormed out of the house, tears rushing down her face and her heart breaking all over again. The summer passed slowly for Leah. She hadn't spoken to her father since the disastrous morning after her party. Her parents had been fighting and being home was just stressful. Seth had tried to be as supportive as possible. He dragged Jacob and Rachel over to do a video game marathon with her. He shut down any talk about Emily and Sam. He even went an entire week without talking to his father on principle, until Leah told him to forgive him. This was her fight. Rachel had been amazing, even while dealing with her own tragedy. She returned home to find no sign of Rebecca except a note saying she had left with a made named Solomon Finau and would call when she could. There was still no word. They helped each other through the summer, ignoring the stares of others while trying to salvage whatever fun they could. Sue was completely supportive. Try to her word she threw a trash bag filled with Emily's stuff at Harry when he left for the hospital. She argued with him nearly every day about his stance on the incident. She took Leah on shopping trips and gave her as much space as she needed. Leah, however, still felt like she was drowning. No matter who she was with, people still starred and whispered. Talking about the broken Leah, the damaged girl. The tune of hatred for Emily changed to sympathy at the girl who was scarred for life. The horrible affair soon became a steamy love story. It was after the fourth of July that Leah knew she needed out. Rachel would be leaving shortly for Washington State University and Leah knew she couldn't be left behind in this place. She sent out more applications and approached her mother on late July evening. "I need to get out of here." She placed the acceptance letter for Oregon State University with a full scholarship on the table in front of her mother. Sue looked up, "Let's get you out of here, baby." Sue and Leah packed up Leah's belongings. Leah was noticeably happier knowing she had an escape. She spent her last night with Seth, Jacob and Rachel laughing as they stayed up all night. She awoke early the next morning, wanting to speak with her father before she left. "You leave today." "Yup," She said sitting down at the table across from him. "I know you don't understand my stance in all of this. It's my duty." "Your duty should be to me, not the couple that broke me. I don't care how important they have become in the tribe you are my father. I love you, but I don't understand and I'm not sure I forgive you." She walked away. And only an hour later was in the car with Sue and Seth driving far away from her nightmare. AN: Thanks for giving my first story a try! There will be multiple chapters and the next chapter will jump ahead to New Moon time. Let me know what you think in a review! :)