rubbing his rock hard cock up and down Bella's glistening pussy, he looked at Garrett and nodded and together they both pushed into Bella. As her pussy, mouth and ass were all full; Edward couldn't help but reach out and grab a handful of the nearest breast. He sat and watched as both men thrust in and out of his wife and she drooled and dripped from each end. Bella couldn't quite keep a grip on reality as she was filled to a point that she had never even imagined before. As every orifice was filled over and over she began to feel a sensation starting in her stomach more powerful then she had ever experienced before. Riley was rubbing the walls of her pussy and hitting the neck of her cervix as he plunged in again and again and she could feel him shaking as he was trying to last as long as possible. As she tried to look up at Garrett she could see he was also starting to struggle. He was deep in her throat and plunging in and out as she wrapped her tongue around him on the way out and sucked hard on the way in. Edward had moved his hand from her breast and was now stroking her throat, feeling as Garrett's cock hit the back and top of her throat. Riley started to lean forward and he placed his arms each side to take his weight. He let out an almighty roar and started to thrust wildly as he came and came deep inside Bella's pussy. The sound startled Bella and she gasped sending Garrett deeper into her throat. This set Garrett's orgasm off and he didn't quite manage to pull all the way out before he started to come. His cum splashed onto Bella's tongue, lips and finally on her breasts. Edward watched his wife as she fell apart with an orgasm that made her body shake and twitch, her breathing was heavy and she desperately clung onto Edward as she tried to cope with the sensations racing through her body. Edward wasted no time, he leaned over Bella and plunged his tongue into her mouth, and the taste that met him was intoxicating. He tasted Bella, Garrett and the surprisingly bitter taste of Garrett's semen. He plunged his tongue into her mouth repeatedly, swirling it round and around to make sure he didn't miss anything. The taste was not what he expected, he had spent many years wondering if everyone's tasted like his, now he knew it didn't, it was nectar and he couldn't wait to taste Riley's. He pulled away and licked her lips; Bella smiled up at him and started to say something but Edward stopped her by kissing her again and moving her body back onto the bed to take any strain from her neck. He moved to sit up at the side of her and with his finger scooped up the cum on her breasts and started to rub it into both of her nipples, before giving them the same treatment he'd given her mouth. As he finally stopped licking her nipples and breasts clean he started to open up the front fastening of her corset. He carefully unclipped the garters and rolled the stockings down her legs. He went back to kissing her stomach and made a trail down past her belly button to her very red, very prominent clit. He stood and walked around the bed to kneel between her legs. He finished taking of her stockings and looked at his beautiful wife as she lay there naked, spent and absolutely glowing, as he leaned forward and kissed her pussy lips she let out a groan. He needed to make sure she was ok to go on so he kissed her pussy lips again and swiped his tongue flat against her. She relaxed instantly so he knew he was ok to carry on. He arranged the cushion that was still underneath her to tilt her up a little and he reached around to take hold of the butt plug. As gently as possible he eased it out of her and dropped it to the floor. He suddenly realised Riley and Garrett had left the room and he wondered whether they would leave or wait in the suite for them. A gasp from Bella brought his attention back and he looked down to see her shaking from the removal of the plug. He bent forward and placed his arms under her thighs and rested his hands on her stomach anchoring her to him and the bed. As he pressed down on her stomach he plunged his tongue into her swollen pussy, this time the taste that hit his tongue was spectacular. Riley it seemed had very sweet tasting semen, and that mixed with Bella's arousal was an incredible mix. Edward feasted on her like a man possessed; he could not comprehend that anything could taste so good. He licked and sucked until he was on the verge of coming himself and then he straightened up and plunged his cock into Bella with an urgency he hadn't experience before. He plunged in and out and within minutes was coming again, filling Bella with all the pent up arousal he had been dealing with since he had broached the subject of this night with her. As he finally stopped spurting into her he went straight back down to her pussy and started to lick and suck out his own semen. He carried on all the way through Bella's orgasm and only stopped when he was sure that absolutely nothing was left of their combined juices. As Bella drifted off to sleep, Edward rose and went to the bathroom to run a bath. Once it was ready he picked her up and slowly lowered both of them into it. As he softly started to sponge her down a glimmer of a new fantasy started to form in his mind…