him told him she knew what it was like. Taking the shot, he downed it, coughing a little as he set the shot upside down beside her other two. Yep, vodka. Vanilla flavored. "10 years. Did all of our firsts together." He said slowly, nodding his head. Rolling up his shirt, he showed her a fresh tattoo, still healing. "Got this to cover her name. I can still feel it there though." He said gesturing to the tribal tattoo on his upper right bicep. It still burned some, he had gotten it in a drunken frenzy right after they broke up. Which is why he didn't want to get drunk again tonight. "It's hard, I know," Snow said as she looked back at the couple, wrinkling her nose in obvious disgust. "Sometimes it's for the best." A knowing, bitter smile crossed her face for a moment as she watched the two forms began move in the booth, their actions becoming more intimate, slowly she adverted his eyes, turning them back to Jacob. "When did the spark go out?" Jacob paused again, recalling the past few months. Around New Years, something had changed. About when the exchange student showed up. "Couple months ago. When he showed up." Jacob said as he pointed to Nahuel as he began to lay Renesmee down on the booth. He wasn't even going to bother guessing what was happening. "The before night we broke up, I found her in bed with him. In my bed." The memory made him clench his hand, anger suddenly boiling in his veins. Snow looked at him, lifting a brow slowly, nodding her head. "That's a pisser. Bet they'd been doing it longer." She said calmly, but the flash of anger in her eyes told him something else. Seems they had something in common. "10 years is a long time to be together, and then blow it on someone so... Sleaze like him." Snow spoke slowly, choosing her words carefully. Shaking her head, Snow picked up her last shot, tossing it back in her mouth. Jacob felt his anger leaving him slowly, listening to the petite blonde. "But, then you always find someone better. I guess. I still haven't found mine." Her voice made him frown a little, watching her angelic like face turn dark. For a moment she looked older than he thought she was, but then it was gone. Was he drunk already? Maybe. For awhile they sat there, talking and drinking. Jacob hadn't laughed or talked with anyone like this for awhile. Mostly, she asked him questions about his life, things he liked, his friends who where watching them from the table. She asked him which ones liked her, which ones he'd think be her type, which ended with one of them being her type. Accept for him, though she didn't say it. The casual way she brushed his leg with her own, or when she smiled, her eyes sparkling in a certain way, told Jacob that. Sighing, Snow stood up, slapping a few bills on the counter, kicking the chair back behind her, the chair screeching against the floor some. The sudden movement, and sound, made Jacob jump, a couple people near them doing the same. A couple people shot her a dirty look, but didn't say anything on it. Licking her lips a little, Snow looked at Jacob, smirking as he picked up her jacket from the bar, pulling it on. He almost whimpered, becoming hypnotized by her soft, inviting skin and lips again. Putting a hand on her hip, she waved her hand in front of his face. Blinking, Jacob, looked at her, blushing again. "Sorry, what?" Laughing, Snow shook her head, running one hand through her hair, the other on her hip. Calming down, she smirked at him, tilting her head to the side. "You are an interesting one, Jacob." She said softly, stepping towards him, casually putting her hand on his chest. "But to earn a date with me, you need to do something for me. Actually, two somethings." Lifting a brow, Jacob tried to keep his hammering heart under control. He swore it was about t burst out of his chest and right into her hand. Looking into her eyes, he saw the glint of amusement, her upturned lips said she could feel his speeding heart. Well, the night had been perfect so far, not like it could spiral into a disaster on the spot. Feeling a sudden surge of bravery, or maybe it was the liquor in his system, Jacob smirked. "And what do I have to do?" He asked, putting his hand over hers. He took this moment to note how much smaller she was compared to him. He'd long since grown out of his awkward years, but he was 6'3", weighed something close to 200-something pounds and he rarely worked out. He was just... Active. And did a lot of walking. Snow on the other hand... If Jacob stood up, her head, with her shoes on, would barely clear his pecks, if that. Even now, with him sitting on this bar stool, he still had to look down at her. But, he still got that feeling, what she lacked, she made up in other ways. And sex appeal was really starting to seem like one. "Meet me here, tomorrow night, for starters." She murmured, her smirk turning into more of a smile. "And... You'll just have to get here to find out the second." Author's note - Hello, hello everyone! This chapter is a slight rework of the original one. Nothing has really changed, just edited out some errors to make it more enjoyable. Chapter two will be getting replaced tonight as well, same as two, three and four. And five is in the works. For those who have stuck around for so long, I have the sincerest thank yous for all of you. So, thank you and I hope you stay around until the end. - A. Demonica.