up off me slightly. Where his chest was once pressed so tightly against mine there's now empty air, but we are still very much joined at the hips. I gaze up lovingly at this beautiful godlike man as he thrusts into me ever harder, and his Licorice black eyes bore into my soul. I watch as his loving mouth stretches wider and wider—impossibly wide—across his paling angular face. My brows furrow in confusion as his Cultured white teeth elongate past his lips to form lethal looking points. I watch with fear growing in my full-with-him stomach as sticky, foul smelling saliva pools at the corner of his stretched thin mouth, and drip from his inhuman teeth onto my Tickle Me Pink flushed cheek. The liquid heats my skin from an uncomfortable tingle to an acid like burn. Terror filled screams explode from my chest as I feel his spit burn through my flesh. Panic grips my heart, and I start to struggle beneath him. I pound my fists against his chest only to feel the bones in my hands crack and crumble under the stone like strength of him. My heels are met with the same fate as I kick at his ass and thighs. The skin on my hands breaks under the force of my struggle, and as I continue to push against him, I smear my hot sticky blood over his Silver Gray skin. Edward's nostrils flare, like a blood hound scenting his prey, as the smell of my blood catches his attention. A terrifying roar erupts from him, and in a motion almost too quick for me to follow, plunges his fist into my chest. Pain. That's all I feel, excruciating pain. I no longer have a body, just pain. It originates from the gaping hole in my chest, the ragged edges of my skin catching on Edward's powerful arm. It advances in an ever widening circle from the point of impact until the feeling takes over my body like an alien host. His once loving hand squeezes my heart and forces a blood-curdling scream out of my throat. With every clench of his fist, agony spasms along my nerves. Blood bubbles from my open chest cavity. It runs like a river between my breasts and spills hot and thick down my ribs onto my sheets. I watch spurts of scalding, potent, Scarlett red liquid shoot from my body and coat the arm Edward has buried deep in me. With every thrust, I hear bones cracking in my body. My throat is bleeding from the force of my screams. My pelvis shatters under the force of his hips, but Edward continues to thrust into me as he licks and sucks the pooling blood he's squeezing from my still beating heart. He comes, body shaking hard, and then he releases my barely beating heart. I can't feel my body, nothing, not even a tiny tingle. My head rolls to the side as I watch Edward clean up. Blood is dripping from his mouth. His chin is covered, like he dipped his face in a bowl of jam, and his chest is stained Rusty Red. That's my blood he's covered in, my blood that drips from his fangs. It paints the floor and is splattered up the walls. I can feel it drying into the sheets under me. My blood. As he makes to leave a small noise must escape through my getting-colder-by-the-second lips, because Edward turns to face me. Even as I lay dying by his hand I desperately don't want him to leave me. He kneels next to the bed and caresses my cheek softly, lovingly. "Shh now, love. It'll be over soon." He presses a gentle kiss to my forehead and my eyes flutter shut. "I told you the world would see you by the time I was done with you." I don't hear, see or feel anything after that, but for a few freezing cold moments I'm pleased. When they find me, whoever they are, my murder will be so gruesome they won't be able to keep it out of the papers or off the news. Finally I'll be seen. I'm no longer invisible. With my last thought I thank Edward for the gift he's given me and let the darkness take me into infamy. ~I~ Jacob Black has been a detective for over twenty years and never has he ever seen a crime so violent or gruesome. Sitting behind his desk in Tahoe City's police station, he stares over the latest victim of the "Monster" killer. He snorts. "Monster is right." Normally he would never agree with the press, but this time, yeah, giving the killer the nickname Monster fits perfectly. This latest victim is the sixth in as many months. Every crime scene has been identical. Brunette female in her early twenties, no immediate family, signs of consensual copulation before death and blood. Lots of blood. The bodies had all been ripped open, but the crime lab had no idea what tools had been used to do it. All six of the victims had been found smiling. "That's the creepiest thing about this case," he thought. Jacob threw the file back down on his desk and swivelled his chair around to stare out over the city via his wall to wall office window. A shiver filled with fear crawled down his spine as the realization that this probably wasn't the last of the Monster's victims dawned on him. A/N So... that happened. I'd really love to know what you thought so leave me a review please. Oh, and if any of you readers were going to judge this contest I'd really appreciate your thoughts. If any of you are wondering what's going on with my WIP I Knew You Were Trouble, I'm working on it I promise. I'm having some issues with the latest chapter, but I swear I am working on it so hopefully it won't be too much longer. Thanks again.