entrance to whoever was there. A young guy came in from a back room. He was average height, pale skin, and jaw-length brown hair, with green eyes. He looked uninterested in being here, I couldn't blame him. "Welcome to Pacific Inn Motel. How can I help you?" he said in a rushed voice without looking at me. I set my tote bag on the counter and pulled my luggage next me, "Hi, I need a single room, please." I said wiping rain from my face with a wool scarf I was wearing. I looked up seeing his metal name tag on his shirt first: it said "Hello my name is" in black engraved letters with a white sticker label that said "Scott". "These are the rooms we have available." He said finally looking at me, and he started naming the prices. I chose the cheapest one, not because I didn't have the money, but I was sure no matter which room I chose they'd all be the same generic setup. "And how long you staying?" he asked looking a little more interested as he looked me up and down. I tried to be short and concise with the interaction, I wasn't interested by a long shot. "Two weeks" I said handing him my blue credit card, I rarely used it to avoid going into debt, except for things I could apparently gain points from. I immediately pay off any purchase I make on it. He handed me some keys and told me the room number. "Do you need help with your bags?" he asked sounding hopeful. "No thanks, I got it" I quickly replied already halfway through the door. The rain seemed to stop while I was booking the room, but the full gray clouds hovered above threating to burst again any moment now. It wasn't freezing but it was chilly out and I was glad to have my thick wool infinity scarf on and olive green parka layered over a t-shirt, jeans, and black New Balance shoes. I was warm enough. I turned right and walked down the sidewalk to the very end and found my room, unlocking the door while shoving it open with my shoulder. The room smelled like a combination of floral air freshener and cleaning products. To my right in front of the window were two cushioned chairs with wooden arms and a table between them, behind the table was the air condition unit. The bed was a decent size, maybe a queen? It had chocolate brown and deep red bed sheets, it seemed a little too romantic for just me. Above the bed was some painting they probably got at a local craft store and a light color wood nightstand on either side. There was a small rectangular dresser in front of the bed with a flat screen TV on top of it and in front of me was an open vanity to the bathroom; the shower and toilet were off to the side. I heavily dropped my bags next to the bed and headed straight for the shower. I turned the water on to hot and pulled the nob on the faucet to turn on the shower head. I walked to my suit case to pull out my black travel bag that held my toiletries in it. I let the water warm up as I began to undress, feeling the tiredness wash over me. I grabbed body wash, shampoo/conditioner, and a loofa out of the bag and carefully stepped in the shower; afraid of slipping and cracking my skull. Sometimes my thoughts were really morbid. Turning off the water, I wrapped myself in the white towel and headed to my suit case to pull out some lounge clothes. The room felt like an igloo after being in a steaming hot shower, I began to shiver. I pulled on some black bikini briefs, black yoga pants, and an old t-shirt I had from Camp Quest when I was a kid back in Arizona. It still fit and was well worn into a thin material and the yellow faded into a pale color. I pulled back the covers and climbed in, adjusting the pillows to my comfort, I needed a nap. The hum of the a/c unit kicked on, slowly warming up the room, and the warmth and sound lulled me into sleep. In the distance I heard a rumble of thunder at the same time the rain began to pour. Flashes of white zoomed past me, my vision was blurry, my arm felt like it was on fire, and it sounded like my heart had moved to my ears. "Burn the pieces!" I looked around trying to move but I felt heavy like my limbs weight a ton each. Flickers of orange appeared and suddenly the room was filled with a haze of purple rolling up from the flames. I heard screaming…Where was that awful sound coming from? "Edward!"-my lungs constricted, "She'll turn if you don't!" I heard someone say in a harsh whisper. I felt a searing pain shoot up my arm. There was that awful scream again. It clicked the sound was coming from me. I was convulsing now, despite my efforts to hold still. I wanted to black out already, to be consumed by unconsciousness, but the burning pain refused to release my mind. I heard a loud banging then…What is that? I heard a muffled voice, unable to make out who was saying what. Boom boom boom! There it was again along with a voice I could tell was a man's. Boom boom boom! "Bella! You in there?" My eyes rolled under my lids struggling to open. Boom boom boom! "Bella Swan! Open up!" I groggily snapped into reality and managed to hoarsely shout, "Yeah, wait a second!" I stumbled out of the covers nearly falling to the floor and braced myself against the wall opening the door. I rubbed my eyes with trying to focus them and looked up.