was very charming. On the last day, I said yes." "And the rest is history." "It sure is. We dated, got married, bought our first house on the Makah reservation, and had you," her mom said, taking Julia's hand in her own and giving it a gentle squeeze. "Life was good." Julia smiled up at her mom, studying her face. Behind the small wrinkles forming at the corners of her eyes and mouth and the grey hairs popping up here and there, she could see the young woman her mother used to be. The young woman who had the perfect life, until that one fateful day in May ten years ago… "I'm going to go check on the food, I'll be right back," Julia's mom stood up and disappeared into the kitchen, leaving Julia to flip through the pictures on her own. As her fingers traced over the images before her, she couldn't help but think back to life on the rez. It was simpler. Quieter. Everyone knew everything about each other and always looked out for one another. For the first eight years of her life, she had lived in Neah Bay on the Makah reservation. That was where she considered home to be, her place of birth and where most of her father's family lived. And he had lots of it – she had more aunts, uncles, and cousins than she could count on her two hands. Julia remembered seemingly endless summers spent being around them. She had been the closest to her cousin, Emily, who became more like the big sister she never had. The older girl was Julia's best friend, her mentor. The two did almost everything together. Julia's favorite thing to do with her cousin was spend hours at the beach, watching the waves roll in and combing the sand for treasures. She had once even gone on a trip with Emily down to La Push on the Quileute reservation, spending the day with Emily's maternal cousins Leah and Seth. Just like her mother, she had been living a perfect little life. That all changed the day the police department showed up on their doorstep. The fragments of this memory often haunted Julia in her nightmares, where she would relive the moment over and over again until she eventually woke up in a cold sweat. Some details were extremely vivid. In her mind's eye she could see the officer's face, mouth twisted into a frown as he approached her mother, who ordered her to go back inside the house. Obviously, being eight years old and a curious child, Julia didn't listen. " Heather Young?" " Can I help you, officer?" " It's your husband, Daniel. I'm afraid there's been a fishing accident, and…" Julia had never heard her mother cry like that. Old enough to comprehend the basics of what was going on, but too young to calmly process the information, Julia remembered how her whole body seemed to turn off and go numb. The next thing she knew, she was running. She did not stop until she reached the beach that she and Emily frequented to look for shells and other interesting things. Standing alone by water's edge and watching as the little waves rolled onto the shore, it was not until she became completely still that she allowed her tears to fall. Lost in her memory, Julia didn't even hear her mother come back into the room. "...Jules, I said dinner is ready. Help me set the table." Relaxing in her bedroom after dinner, Julia picked up the phone and dialed Emily's number. It was one she had committed to memory; she talked to Emily at least once a week. No matter what, Emily was always there with an open mind and a listening heart. "Hello?" Emily's soft voice sounded from the phone. "Hey Em, it's Julia." "Hey sweetie! How are you feeling today?" Emily very much knew what the day was and what it meant. After all, Julia's father was her uncle. "I'm good. Great, actually. And you?" "Better now that you called. I have so many wedding things on my mind and it's driving me nuts," Emily said, sighing through the phone. She was getting married in a little over a month to her longtime fiancé, Sam. "Tell me something exciting." "The team won our game today. I scored the game winner." "That's great, hun! I'm so proud of you." "Thanks, Em. Your turn." "Hmm… Sam and I picked up my wedding dress the other day from the tailor in Port Angeles. It's all ready for the big day! Oh, speaking of dresses… Did you get your bridesmaid dress yet?" "I did." "And it's blush pink, right?" Julia laughed a little at how specific Emily was. "Yes, don't worry, Em," she reassured her cousin. "I can't wait to see it. And you, of course." "I can't wait to see you, too. I miss you." "I miss you too, hun. Just a few short weeks and you'll be here. I'll take you down to First Beach and we can go treasure hunting just like we used to." "That sounds like a plan to me." Although she had moved back to her mother's hometown of Port Orchard after the accident, Julia would visit her family back in Neah Bay at least once a year up until the time she turned thirteen. By the time she started high school, she had become busy, picking up the sport of lacrosse and devoting much of her time to it. Emily had moved to the Quileute reservation around the same time anyways to live with Sam in La Push. Julia hadn't seen her in person since then, and felt that her visit was long overdue. "Great," Emily said. "Well, I should probably be heading to bed soon. I have to get up early tomorrow to get out in the garden before it's supposed to rain." "Alright. Goodnight, Em," Julia responded. "Love you." "Love you too, sweetie. Goodnight."