At the mention of my Mum, a conversation we had flashes in my mind. "I think I've had a break-in Riley." Worry griped me at the thought of my Mum being alone and vulnerable. "What do you mean? Have you called the police?" It'd be just like her to call me instead of them. "Yeah I did but I feel a bit silly now." "Mum you shouldn't feel silly, tell me what happened." I said a little exasperated. Only my Mum would feel silly for calling the police. "Well I was out shopping with Aunty Esme and when I got back I went straight in to the kitchen and noticed some glass on the floor and when I looked up one of the glass window panes in the door had been broken, but the door was still locked. I can't tell if anything's been stolen." I frown a little, "Ok Mum I'll be over in 30 minutes. Make sure you keep your doors locked and check it is actually the police before you let them in." I nearly throw up again at the thought of Jane being in my Mum's house, but I don't really have that much in my stomach so I just gag a little. Jane doesn't notice and just starts to read. I've realized that Jane only sees what she wants to see. I haven't quite figured out how that can help me yet. She reads for what seems like hours. I don't really hear her but all of a sudden, I notice she's stopped. I turn my head to look at her and she's asleep. If I didn't know better, I'd say she looked like an angel. Adrenaline courses through my body as my brain catches up to the situation - I can escape! I calm my breathing and pull on my handcuffs. The metal bites in to my skin and cuts my flesh making me bleed. I don't pause though; the blood can only help me. I turn my head and bite down on my pillow so I don't make any noise, these cuffs are really tight and I'm afraid I'm gonna have to break my thumb to slip them. Taking a deep breath and clamping my jaw around the pillow I pull and pull and pull and then snap , my thumb is broken but I'm free. Pain radiates up and down my arm and my vision swims - I will not pass out! Once the dizziness has subsided, I sit up slowly and untie my ankles, never taking my eyes off Jane. When I'm free, I carefully and oh-so-fucking-slowly slide up and out of the restraint around my waist. I'm standing upright next to the bed, panting a little from the effort and a little from the pain that's flooding my body and I try to think of the best way to get to the front door. I can't put any pressure on my broken ankle so I might have to crawl, but will that be too slow? If I make a mad dash-hop for the door she'll wake up for sure. I drop to my knees carefully, again not taking my eyes off her and I back out of the room on my hands and knees. I'm halfway through the living room and I can see the door. I can taste freedom and tears of relief are flowing from my eyes. I'm giddy with excitement and that was a mistake - I'm rushing too much and I bump in to the display case against the dining room wall. I watch as a picture frame falls in slow motion to the floor and shatters in to tiny pieces, the noise is so loud I fear it might rupture my eardrums. There's no way she didn't hear that so I don't hesitate - I jump up and hop-run towards the front door. I hear Jane scream in frustration and her heavy footfalls as she runs towards me. I'm almost at the door when I feel her weight crash in to my back, under any other circumstances I'd have been able to keep my balance but I have a broken ankle and I'm still feeling the effects of the drugs she's been giving me and I fall head first against the door. JPOV I hit Riley's back hard and he pitches forward in to the door - there's a sickening crunch and then we're lying in a heap in front of my door. I scramble out from under him and roll him over so I can check he's ok. His eyes are open but empty and there's blood trickling from his nose, his head is bent at a really weird angle. Oh god no! I shake him and scream his name, but of course, he doesn't answer. What have I done? I let out a cry of anguish. It bubbles up from my chest where I can feel my heart splintering in to tiny shards of hurt. Oh my Riley, no please I'm sorry . I hold his body close and sob, letting my tears soak in to his feather soft hair. I can't live without you, please don't leave me . I cry for hours. I cry until I have nothing left in me and then, after closing his gorgeous eyes and kissing his pillow soft lips one last time, I walk back in to my bedroom. I know exactly where it is, where my daddy left it for me, in the top drawer of my right bedside table. It's black and has a dull shine and the metal is as cold as Riley was by the time I left him. I undress and re-dress in to his shirt - it still smells like him - and I take the teddy bear I took from his Mother's out from under the bed. I hold it close. "Don't worry, Teddy, we'll see him soon." I place the gun in my mouth and pull the trigger.