sat at the mirror putting on my make up as it was getting close to curtain call. I had already warmed up my voice and in my first costume for the evening. I could hear voices outside my door calling for light checks and missing costume pieces. I smiled and felt my heart flutter when I saw the bouquet sitting on my counter. It was always the same flower and the smell brought me back to that night when I decided to go forward instead of living in the past. "15 minutes Bella!" The ever present stage manager knocked on my door telling me to make my way to the stage and find my place on stage left. I still had butterflies on opening night even though I was an old pro at this. I was going to miss the smell that the theater had of heat mixed with perfume and dust. The actors and actresses came and went but the rest of the crew never changed. They had become my family and we all helped each other out. "Miss Bella, break a leg tonight and I am going to miss you around here."Jameson the stage manager gave me a hug and walked off. I found my spot and and waited for the orchestra to start up the cues. I could see the house lights go down as I could see bits and pieces of the audience. Tonight was my swan song and I was going to miss being on the stage but there were more important things that I wanted to accomplish in my life. After the third bow I was handed a huge bouquet of roses and we finally made it off stage. The after party would be held in the same place just like always. A ballroom at some hotel that Alice had found years ago. I found my way to my dressing room and there were the loves of my life. "Mommy you were bootiful." that little voice melted me each time I heard it. I picked up my daughter from my chair and put down the blush brush she was playing with. I held her to me and hugged her. Even though it was just a few hours, I missed her. I missed him too but I knew he was always there watching me in the darkness no matter where I was. My mom came in and said it was time to take her back to the hotel. That they had a party of their own to get to. I saw our daughter kiss her father and then smooch me. I tried to tell mom thank you again but she said it was no problem, that she needed this time with her. "You were gorgeous up there tonight. Are you really sure you want to do this? You know mom and dad would work around this." His arms wrapped around me while he looked into my eyes. I knew this was the best decision and besides I wasn't leaving the stage, just taking a more behind the scenes roll. "Edward, as much as I am going to miss it, I can't see me missing moments like the few I have already missed with her. Being on stage is wonderful but my heart and soul are with you both." He watched me undress and helped me into the dress I had chosen for the party. It was a little snug but that was to be expected. We had twins on the way and even though Kerrigan grew up on the stage I was not going to do it with 3 children. Carlisle and Esme were ecstatic about more grand kids coming into the family. Emmett and Rose had 3 boys and she was pregnant with a little girl. Alice and Jasper had a boy and girl. We didn't know what these babies were and I wanted to keep it that way. When I told Carlisle this was my last show, he said he didn't want to lose me as an actor. My skills were too good to let slip by. He handed me the script I been working on and Edward must have given it to him. Carlisle said this was going to be the next big hit and even though they were producing it, my work was my work. So my last night on the stage ended up being the start of my career as the next big thing in the world of Broadway. I had won many Tony's and a few Oscars from the movies I had been in. The whole family had won awards for each of their categories. This time it was going to be me writing the words and lyrics with Edward writing the music. I was going to slow down and enjoy this pregnancy and all the things that went with it. The party was in full swing by the time we had arrived. Edward was making the rounds as he made me sit and enjoy what there was to eat. No more strict diet for me but I still was going to eat healthy with some give and take. I sat with Alice and Rose and we started discussing what I wanted for costumes and dance moves. Esme tried to hush us as this was a party not work time but she knew her daughter's well. Even during the down times we still managed to talk work while having fun too. Alice brought up that she had heard that Tanya had propositioned the wrong producer and ended up in jail. I secretly did a dance in my seat when I heard that news. She never did learn that talent didn't get you any role; respect, honesty, and hard work did. I looked over at him and blushed as he was watching me. I saw my life, my world, and the missing part to my soul walk towards me. We had found our soul mates...our missing piece to the puzzle.