as I danced around in the rain. Using the headlights to see where I was stepping, I started spinning around with my arms held out and my head tilted up towards the down pouring rain as if I was welcoming an old friend. As I opened my eyes to stare into the dark clouds, I was suddenly greeted by several bolts of lightning shooting across the sky. I suddenly felt like electricity was creeping across my skin, making each and every hair on my body stand up on end before I felt my fingers tingle. Raising my hand up to eye level, my eyes widened when I saw thin streams of electricity shooting between my fingertips as if they were lightning rods. It's strange because I didn't find this frightening in the least, I actually found it rather cool. " Bella, what are you doing? " now that was a voice I never thought I would hear again, not since he left me in the middle of the woods and broke my heart. "I know you're not here, you said you would never bother me again," I said to the figment of my imagination without breaking my gaze away from the storm clouds that rage above me and the lightning that seems to rage with my sudden turn of emotion. " You said you wouldn't do anything dangerous ," why didn't he just go away, I thought I was finally rid of him after so many months of not thinking about him. So I chose to simply ignore Edward in favor of twirling in the rain, but I made the mistake of looking away from the sky and my eyes found the ghostly image of the man I use to love. Edward looked like he wasn't even there, I could see right through him without any trouble, and yet I knew now that this wasn't my mind suddenly playing tricks on me. Despite the situation of standing before my former love in nothing more than my own skin, I didn't even think of putting my soaked clothes back on. So I just stood there, secretly hoping that my state of undress was making him uncomfortable where ever he was at the moment, and it was Edward who tore his gaze away first. " You promised that you wouldn't do anything reckless, " the pitiful look on his face made me want to smirk in triumph, I really have become a lot like the La Push boys if I'm having fun making a Cullen cringe in such a way. "And you promised the forest was the last time I was ever going to see you, that you wouldn't put me through anything so bad ever again, and that you would let me live my life. So that's what I'm doing Edward, I'm living my life as if you had never existed!" I snapped and my transparent (which was rather ironic) ex-boyfriend before a bolt of lightning suddenly hit one of the nearby trees, causing the base of the tree to suddenly explode and begin falling towards the truck. "Shit!" I cursed as a quickly grabbed my cloths from the truck and stepped out of the way just seconds before the entire front end of my truck was crushed, ironically the tree also fell of the apparition of Edward and seemed to make him fade away. "Well this is just great," I said to myself, I knew I was closer to La Push than I was to Charlie's but how was I supposed to explain being naked in the middle of a thunderstorm? " Oh, Great Spirit, whose voice I hear in the winds. Whose breath gives life to the world, hear me. I come to you as one of your many children. I am small and weak. I need your strength and wisdom. May I walk in beauty. Make my eyes ever behold the red and purple sunset. Make my hands respect the things you have made and my ears sharp to your voice. Make me wise so that I may know the things you have taught your children, " a old voice said through the thunder and lightning before I saw another ghostly man appear in front of me, only this was a person that I didn't know. " The lessons you have written in each leaf and rock. Make me strong! Not to be superior to my brothers, but to fight my greatest enemy...myself! Make me ever ready to come to you with straight eyes, so that when life fades as the fading sunset, may my spirit come to you without shame, " the man finished before he reached out with his hand and somehow took hold of mine, all of this was so strange the I couldn't really react to any of it. There was a burning sensation that slowly crept up my arms, and yet this old man's gaze pinned me to my spot in the middle of the thunderstorm, and I could have sworn that my forearm was actually glowing. Just as I thought I would actually cry out in pain, the burning on my arm suddenly stopped and the old man faded away as if he had never been there. Yet, when I looked down at my arm, my eyes widened when I saw the image of a bird was now present where the burning sensation had once been. I gently ran my fingers over the bird that had apparently been burned into my skin, yet my skin was cool to the touch and it didn't even feel like my skin had been burned black. "OK, what in the actual hell?" Well this is my first official story on this account, which I'm sharing with my brother Shaun. So if you like a Naruto/Star Wars fic then go check out his "ARC Captain" story, but if you want to see Bella be a badass without having to be a Vampire or shifter then stick around!