it. Alice Sway had no idea who I was or what I'd done in my life at New Roads. We talked about movies and music we both enjoyed. She was different from the girls I'd dated or slept with. She was beautiful, funny and always in motion like her brain never rested. She liked old movies and music like Queen, Led Zeppelin and The Doors. She was different and didn't try to hide it from anyone; I think that's what I liked most about her. She told crazy stories; exaggerating with gestures and cute impressions of people. Always keeping a smile on her face. We talked about more serious things for her, which was crazy because we din;t know each other but I think that's what made it so easy to talk and listen. She told me about past relationships how she had dated a couple guys who turned out to be assholes, just like me. And how her family too didn't have time for her and didn't care to talk to her. They would rather send her away for the summer than have to worry about entertaining or conversing with her. I wasn't ready to talk about my life though. So I kept quiet and listened to her completely captivated by every word that left her beautiful lips. I suddenly felt compelled to tell her what I thought of her before we got off the bus and parted ways. I wanted to tell her how different she was and how talking to her was like swimming in a cool river on a hot day. But, instead I just smiled lightly, "so excited to go to your grandparents for the summer?" I asked. She smiled ruefully as her eyes lit up like a bomb had exploded, "who said that's where I'm actually headed?" "Where are you going then?" I pondered. "Wherever you are" she said nonchalantly, but her eyes were wide with inquisitiveness and her mouth hung slightly open waiting for my reaction. I smiled dangerously, "how do you know I'm not dangerous?" She smiled impressively before getting thoughtful look on her face and then she slowly spoke, "I don't" she paused. "I know it sounds absolutely senseless because we just met but I trust you strangely. We have a good connection don't we?" She looked at me deeply and my heart throbbed in my chest. "We do, but your grandparents can't be that bad?" I said questionably. "Jasper my curfew is 8 p.m. and I'm not allowed to even wear lip gloss." She glared at me. "Besides I'd much rather go on a wild summer adventure with you" I smiled, "if you really want to come along with me I'm all for it." Alice clutched my hand and squealed, "This is going to be the best summer I can just feel it!" I laughed and agreed. When the bus finally stopped in Agoura I grabbed both our bags carrying them in one hand and taking Alice's hand in my other as we waited for the rest of our luggage from under the bus. She smiled at me brilliantly. A taxi suggested judging my expensive clothes that we stay at the Hampton, it was a real top notch hotel. After they brought our luggage bags to our room I turned around to Alice, "Do you want to order room service? You must be starving" I said looking down at her slim waist. "Yes!" she exclaimed and blushed at my gazing stare of her waist. When the food came we sat on the bed and drank expensive champagne and ate delicious stuffed chicken. Alice paused before sipping her champagne, "Jasper are you sure you can afford this all?" I laughed drinking my champagne fast out of habit "I have a lot of money from my parents, I'm almost scared to see how much my trust fund is." I poured myself another glass. "Don't worry were covered for the summer" I smiled. Alice smiled swirling champagne in her glass, "Private school kid problems'' we laughed. When we finished two bottles Alice took our glasses and put them on the table stumbling a little before making her way back to the bed. I was laying down with my hands behind my head watching her silently as she crawled upon me. Her hair was soft on a part of my stomach that my t-shirt wasn't covering and it gave me shivers. She leaned down and kissed my neck brushing her cheek against mine before meeting my lips. Her kiss was hot and soft. But I wanted more. I wrapped my arms around her and flipped her over smothering her with my body, rubbing myself on her as parts of me throbbed for me. She feverishly wrapped her legs around my waist thrusting herself against me. The kiss deepened before I abruptly ended it standing up in front of the bed. "I can't do this, not with you" She was drunk and she deserved better than me. "What do you mean not with me" she said as if the words burned coming out of her mouth. I sighed ignoring her and started pacing as my mind ached for drugs and more alcohol. Alice stood up on the bed and jumped off stepping in front of me "what's wrong with me? Why am I not good enough for you?" she was drunk and desolate. I took her face in my hands and leaned down kissing her softly, "you're too good for me Alice and you're drunk. I left for the summer to get away from who I was, not to continue being the same scumbag." I held her face in my hands and sat on the edge of the bed our foreheads leaning on each other. "I'm no good for you." I said before kissing her forehead. She straddled my lap, "Then tell me who you are... or were, I want to know everything." She stared intently at me. I sighed wondering where I would start…