could potentially harm me. My normal chocolate brown hair burned auburn in the sunlight, and I could only bet I looked like a shiny blur that took ablaze. Hours went by and I still ran, trying to put as much distance from me and my coven. I didn't know where I was going, but I knew I needed to find shelter for the next day. Because after getting far enough way, I could begin to travel at night. It was an hour after the sun had set when I finally came to forest of thick green foliage. I looked up in amazement of how many trees were bunched together in one place. Never before have I seen so much green. I paused before taking a step passed the forest's edge. I cautiously crouched low to the ground, my ears perked up and on high alert for any life around me. I made my through the woods, smelling everything for any signs of any vampire. The deeper I ventured into the forest, the more aware I became. Nocturnal animals squired around searching for food while the day time critter slept peacefully in their burrows. A snap of a twig turned my attention to a large animal that had prowled behind me. It was a creature I had never seen before; a large black body that was covered in thick fur. It growled at me and I returned the gesture with a hiss. The animal turned away with no interest and moved on. I narrowed my eyes in wondering what that animal was, but I simply shrugged and continued my way. Another hour passed till I finally felt exhaustion creep up on me. It had been a tiring day, and it was not time to find a place to rest. I decided a nice high tree limb would do just fine and I climb the trunk with ease, settling comfortable with my back against the hard bark. The simple article clothing of animal skin did nothing as I felt the chilly temperatures drop within the night. I shuddered slightly, but was too sleepy to care about my body temperature. I closed my eyes and let sleep take me. I was jolted awake by the sudden burn in my throat. My eyes snapped open and I slowly took in my surroundings. It was still dark, but the break of dawn was nearing. It was then did I realize where I was. I was no longer in the safety of my parent's den. I was on my own. A giggle flutter out at the exciting thought. I hoped down from the tree, gripping my throat at the small thirst I felt. It had been a while since I last fed, and it was time to hunt. I finished off a small doe, a perfect size for just me. I normally didn't feed on animals, but considering there were no humans around, I figured it would be easier to consume a much more attainable prey. After disposing the carcass, I began my travels once more, flying through the forest. Today was the day I would find my mate! I was sure of it. I scouted each tree for any scents that would lead me to an unmated male. I could only whine in despair when I came up empty. In fact, I came up with no smell of vampire at all. I cocked my head to the side in confusion. There must be another vampire in this forest! I shouted in my head, growing aggravated. I began to doubt myself when I caught scent of an unfamiliar scent. I perked up when I noticed it was indeed another vampire. I began to follow the scent, hoping for the best when it got stronger. The smell was intoxicating, and I knew it was coming from an unmated male. I began to run faster at the thought, and I only halted when I came to an open clearing. I scanned the field and spotted a crouched figure in the middle. It was in fact, a male vampire. He stood still, unmoving. I stepped out of the clearing cautiously, my head snapping back and forth for any unusual movement. I crept closer and decided to speak up. "Hello?" I called forward, hoping my voice would draw the male to look at me. When he didn't move, I grew wary. I began to feel worried; what if he was hurt? Did he need my help? I crawled closer, my body lowering to the ground since I was out in the open. I looked around once more, before finally moving to where I was only a step away from the male. "Hello," I tried again, moving forward to place a hand on his shoulder. I turned his body around to see him face, and what I saw struck me with pure horror. He had no face. I screamed and shot away, my instincts finally kicking in. I was suddenly aware of the smell of humans and shouting from all around me. I couldn't move in time as I felt tiny pricks hit my body. I hissed in pain at the unfamiliar feeling. I tried to run, but my body suddenly became very drowsy. Before I knew it, my body was tumbling to the ground and my world went dark. ALYALYALY Hey me again, I just wanted to clarify that this is not a prequel to My Mate or anything. Just read and enjoy the new story! Also please review and tell me what you think! Dr. Spencer is going to play a big part of this story as she is the main scientist behind the vampire captures and experiments. There will also be a journal entry each chapter in the beginning explaining little bit more about the human's POV of vampires. If you do not wish to read them then just skip over it. Again thank you for your time and REVIEW ! Until next time, Lot's of love Alynelovesyou