(what she took to be) panic and desperation on his chiseled face. The corners of her mouth twitched and she turned slightly further in his direction hoping Kim would not see through the game. "After all, we could always start our scouting tomorrow," she shrugged, beaming up at him. So which did he want least? Vegetarian chicken...or to take her into the woods at dusk? Not that she would hold him to it. But she couldn't help enjoying his discomfort just a little... Chris smiled slyly at Tatiana, "Kim, I have to pass… I do appreciate the offer for dinner, but Tatiana is here to do some very serious scientific research. It's important enough that we have to meet this evening to go over maps of the forest where I can show her the animal attacks we have recently experienced. This is important not just for their research but the safety of all our park guests." That was 100% truth and the ranger sounded very official. Kim stormed off from the two of them obviously she felt rejected, "Whew I dodge a bullet thank you." Watching the retreating form, Tatiana just knew that that would not be the end of things with Kim. If she was not very much mistaken she had just made an enemy... How dangerous of an enemy to be seen. If only the woman were a little less... rustic looking, maybe Jones would take an interest. Well it was still worth a try. Though maybe sending her boss into the arms of an enemy wasn't her best play. With a small sigh she turned her attention back to the rather rustic man beside her. Yes, women of all sorts would fight like cats for his attention. The realization that this was all like a cliché plot for an adult film... or horror movie... made her smile ruefully. "Not a problem, though she will be back." Tatiana warned. "You might need to invest in a Billy club." She couldn't help but snicker at the image. Big as he was physically defending himself wasn't the problem. It was how to do it without sending his admirers running to his boss with complaints. Diplomatically, the hunky forest ranger chose not to comment. "I hope you like spaghetti…" he said, "vegetarian Puttanesca sauce, my mother's recipe." Chris was raised vegetarian but since his first change he has been drawn to the smell of meat and his body seemed to crave it. "Coupled with a nice Caesar salad that should give us a boost to go for a hike before sundown." He was asking her to dinner? On the one hand she couldn't help beaming at him. But before she could comment a more likely motive stuck her. How did they put it in that British TV show? 'Come over, I'll cook,' really meant 'let's have sex, I'll cater.' The result was that in the few seconds it took her to answer her face went from joy to suspicion to a sort of wary resignation. Handsome as he was, and as flattered as she was by the invitation, she wasn't going to sleep with him. But the project would be so much easier with him. And truly she simply wanted to know more about him. "Vegetarian, huh?" She never would have guessed it, looking at him. He definitely looked more carnivore than herbivore. "What time?" Chris was embarrassed it sounded like he was making a major pass at her… Damn! "Yeah, it's healthier not to eat meat, and the animals sure appreciate it." He said with a kind smile, "I hope I didn't give you the wrong impression… seriously I made a lot of sauce and it's been cooking in the crock pot. I usually have friends that love to eat it. I can't make a small batch and I found that the deep freeze in the cabin was used to store dead animals found in the forest that are sent to the University for Dissection… I don't think I want to put anything I intend to eat in it… ever!" She waved away his concerns, glad as she was for them. The idea of a man cooking - well, she had to see that just to believe it. Cringing at the idea of keeping food, she wrinkled up her nose in an exaggerated expression of disgust. She had dissected more than her share of animals as part of her training, but unlike some of her classmates had never gotten so comfortable as to be able to eat over the specimens. He sighed, "I have enough you can take to the professor when he gets back I'm sure he would appreciate a home cooked meal." He looked at his watch, "I am actually off duty now and while this uniform makes me look authoritative, it's rather itchy, hot and uncomfortable. Let me go home, shower and change into some civvies and meet me there in a half an hour. There are maps on the walls there that show all the attacks and where the large animals have been observed." "He might at that, thank you," she nodded. Honestly she wasn't certain how she was going to finesse Dr. Jones' into letting her have the evening off, but a gift of food couldn't hurt. "And I'd love to see the maps. The attack sites might prove good places to put the cameras..." Knowing she would need to go check out the public showers, she warned him with a parting wave, starting toward the RV's door, "It might be closer to an hour... I hope that's okay?" He smiled, "Perfect… everything will be ready when you get there. I look forward to learning more about your project." With that he spun on his heal and walked towards the ranger's cabin up on the hill. Please let me know if we should continue with this let me know if you Love it? Hate it? Either way, please post a review. It is most appreciated!