heartbreak I have been experiencing all day. This was absolutely nothing. I fainted multiple times, from the intense pain and dizziness in my head. I must have a concussion. My eyes fluttered open slightly, a white figure came into view behind a cluster of trees. My eyesight was blurry, but I believed it was finally Edward. I moved my head to get a better view and confirm it but in result my stomach convulsed and bile rose up my throat and made an appearance in a nearby bush. I choked, my throat burning. My eyes were heavy, the rusty scent of blood still in the air. "Bella!" I moaned in response. His cold marble hands were on my face, the dizziness made my eyesight blur, I could barely make out his face. Pain was constant, numbing. My body shook in the freezing damp air, another coughing fit broke from my chest. A metal taste evident in my mouth. Blood. I was coughing up blood. I tried hard to concentrate on not fainting, but with the immense pain, heartbreak and the smell of blood in the air, it was very difficult to say the least. I could scarcely make out being picked up in stone arms before everything went black, sucking me in, consuming me. X~X~X The darkness still enveloping me, though I could faintly hear voices, panicked voices laced with worry. Pain weighted down my body, my heart pounding heavily with each unsteady breath I took. But that wasn't the worst of it, the worst was in my heart. A crippling affliction. It was the most awful kind of torture, like a thousand sharp knives stabbing at you repeatedly. Actually I would rather that than this agonizing anguish. A inaudible moan escaped my parted lips. "Bella? Can you hear me?" A velvety voice asked, interlaced with concern and worry. My eyelids fluttered open, quickly shutting as the light hit me causing my headache to intensify. "Love?" My throbbing heart skipped a beat when he called me love. My plan worked! I managed to make him stay for a little while longer. But I couldn't keep him here forever. The thought sent the dread back, and the heartbreak doubled. I let out an agonized yelp silently, the misery obvious in my voice. "Bella?! Are you in pain?" I opened my eyes slowly, allowing myself to take in the surroundings. I was in the hospital, a heart monitor beeping beside my bed, Edward on the other. "Should I call the doctor?" I stared at him blankly, I opened my mouth to speak but I couldn't form words. My brain couldn't comprehend the events that had happened in the last twenty four hours. I shut my mouth, looking away, another wave of pain washing over me. I squeezed my eyes shut, not wanting Edward to see me so vulnerable. Tears welled in my eyes with the rejection that I felt. He didn't love me. He doesn't want me. He never will. I'm not good enough. "Bella! Talk to me!" I could feel Edward boring holes on the side of my head, but I wouldn't turn. "Please." He begged, looking torn. He yanked at his bronze locks. At that moment the doctor walked in the room with a clipboard in hand. "Isabella, how are you feeling?" I looked up at him through pained eyes. But I didn't speak, I couldn't. I just stared blankly, no expression. I was numb, unable to grasp what had happened. "She won't speak." Edward spoke in monotone. "Hmm, it could be post traumatic stress. Do you know what happened?" "I just found her in the forest." "What were you doing in the forest?" The doctor questioned, furrowing his brow. "I was taking a walk. I didn't see her at lunch so I assumed she had taken a walk, so I decided to investigate." He lied. "I see, and you just found her like that?" "Yeah." He answered in a pained voice. Edward was such a good actor, he genuinely sounded like he truly cared about me. Even though he was probably just guilty, so he would be staying momentarily, then I would get better and he would leave. Then I would need a new plan to get him to stay longer.. "Well we should get her something to eat." The doctor turned to me, "What would you like Isabella?" I stared, emotionless, but no words left my mouth. "That's alright. I will get a nurse to bring something up." With that, he smiled weakly before turning on his heels and swiftly leaving the room. A nurse came in minutes later with a tray of food. A bowl of soup, toast and a glass of juice. She set it on the bedside table beside Edward. I made no move to pick it up, I just fixed my gaze on the plain wall ahead of me. All I could think about is not being wanted, I was unworthy and undeserving. "You need to eat, so you can get better." No, I don't want to get better. The sooner I get better, the sooner the day in the forest will come where Edward will leave me. I flinched, though it didn't go unnoticed by Edward. At that moment, Charlie decided to run in. "Bella! You scared me half to death when I got a call from hospital!" He choked out, his voice thick with emotion. But I just couldn't sort what was reality and my imagination or dreams. Memories mangled. Everything was blurred together, voices and events. People I love. Certain people who don't return that love anymore. I flinched away, focusing on the white bed sheets twisted up at my feet. "Bells?" The voice was fuzzy, but his words had no meaning. My limbs were heavy, like I had no control over them, they were just still, frozen. I am trapped. In my own body. X~X~X " I hate getting flashbacks from things I don't remember" Except, they haven't happened yet...