closet. She was not making any move to leave, and I would catch her before she did, but I still listened carefully to her movements around her room. She closed the closet door and went to the bathroom to explore that space before going back and lying on her bed. "How's she feeling?" Peter interrupted my thoughts and I looked at him and that damn knowing smile. "Scared, worried, anxious, a little curious, but mostly upset and frightened." He nodded and the smile turned into a smirk. "And how does she feel about you?" I growled at Peter, and he leveled his gaze to me. "I warned you, if you took her tonight she would hate you." Before I could speak Charlotte interrupted. "Peter, leave him be, you would have done the same thing if someone had threatened me and I was human, and you know it. Jasper, it can't last forever. Give her time to get over the fact that you did in fact kidnap her from her life and have told her she will basically not leave your presence. If she's your mate, which we both know she is, she'll come around eventually." "Right, I'll take your word on that, Char. I'll be in my room for the night, I need to let Aro know that the missing human that will be reported soon in my area is in my possession." "Don't forget to tell him she's your mate!" Peter included as I walked out of the room. I stopped between my door and Cora's, which she had shut and listened. I could tell she was still lying on the bed, but what bothered me the most was that she was sobbing as quietly as she could. The sound was muffled by a pillow, but it was loud to my ears, too loud. I wanted to take her in my arms and comfort her, even the war hardened part of me ached to hear her sorrow. As much as I desired to take her pain away, with my touch and my ability, I knew humans well enough to know that they needed to work out their emotions, any influence I had on her emotions tonight would only be temporary. The moment I stopped taking her pain away it would come back and she would feel worse. So, instead of entering her space, which I had promised not to do unless she forced me by escaping, I turned and went to my own room. The room was large and spacious. My wooden desk sat against the right hand wall when you first entered. After the desk were two oversized chairs and a coffee table that were arranged near the fireplace. The bed sat against the far left wall facing the fireplace across the room. With a heavy sigh I pulled my cell phone from my pocket and sat in the chair at the desk. I scrolled through the contacts and then dialed Aro. "Goodevening, Jasper. This is an unexpected contact. I do hope everything is alright in your area," Aro said the second he picked up the line. "All is fine. I am calling tonight to give you a warning before word reaches the news and you and the Kings. There will be reports of a missing girl in my area, and I'm already aware of her because I was the one who took her. I discovered she was my mate and have been following her to find the right time to introduce myself." "Oh... That's very exciting news!" Aro interrupted. "And I have a reason to believe that you took the young woman?" "Yes, that was not my original plan, but she was threatened. We have been in contact before about a vampire named Benito." "Benito? Yes, I remember him. He fought against you in the southern vampire wars, pardoned him once we changed the government." "He threatened her and I took measures to insure that my mate was safe. As for now, I have kept my word to him that he would remain alive, but if he makes a move to hurt her or threaten me again I will take end him." Aro sighed. "I completely understand your need to protect what is yours. I do hope that we will get to meet her at the ball in October." I chuckled. Aro was worse than a high school girl when it came to gossip and the need to meet with and know about everyone under his reach. "Well, to be honest, Aro, I don't think I'm she's my biggest fan right now, but I hope that changes before October." It was his turn to chuckle. "Well, that is only late May, you have four more months before October. I'm sure in that time you can win your mate over with that wonderful, intriguing southern charm." We shared a laugh and I decided it was time to wrap up the conversation so I could check on Cora. "Well, Aro I shall keep you informed of any new occurrences in my area, and I look forward to seeing you and yours in October at the Cullen residence." "I look forward to the event, and meeting your mate, Jasper. Keep in touch." Aro ended the call with the same words he always did and I set the phone back on the desk. I listened carefully to my mate across the hall. Her breathing was even and her sobs had stopped. I stood and slowly made my way across the hall. Just as my hand touched the doorknob, Charlotte stopped me. "Uh huh, no sir. You promised her you would not enter this space without her permission or if she was escaping, and she is neither escaping nor has she given you permission. I'll check on her and tuck her in, you can go sit with my obnoxious husband." I nodded and stepped back as Charlotte opened the door, giving me a saucy wink before shutting the door in my face.