in and catch up," Rose said. Esme shook her head, "Of course, we haven't gotten much time with one another with all the children around." Esme smiled at her grandson before turning to her daughters. "Carlisle will call for a meeting later on to night." Bella raised a brown eye brow, "For what?" "You'll see, tonight will be filled with many joy and happiness." Alice came bouncing into her mother's den, two little girls following close behind. "What is going on in here? You can just feel the excitement pouring out of the den!" Nessie was immediately by her mother's side, wrapping her tiny little arms around her, remembering her daddy's words and being careful to not hurt her belly. "Mommy!" Bella cooed lovingly to her daughter, "hi my baby girl!" Lizzy soon made herself known, skipping in front of Bella. "Mommy where's daddy?" "He is with papa Carlisle right now, he will be back," she assured her hyper offspring, running her hand through her messy hair. Bella would admit, Elizabeth's hair reminded her so much of Edward, she could help but always want to touch it. Lizzy purred at her mother, pressing herself to Bella's side opposite of Nessie. Anthony peeked up between his long blond hairs, "Are we still going to the river?" Carlisle strode into his den, answering his first grandson with a warm voice, "I'm afraid no one will be going out today, it's pouring out there." They children expressed their displeasure with groans of disappointment. "But Mommy, the river is always fun when it rains!" Lizzy argued, crossing her arms. Bella gave her daughter a stern look, "Papa Carlisle said no, so we must obey him." Lizzy huffed but accepted, hopping away from her mother to tackle a surprised Anthony to the floor. "Liz!" Anthony hollered, trying to escape his cousin's grasps. "Nes, help me!" Renesmee laughed, jumping off the bed to join her play mates. "Hello my love," Esme greeted her mate, standing up to embrace Carlisle. "Where is Edward?" Bella asked him, looking towards the entrance to see her handsome male walk into the cave with a massive grin. "I am right here. Miss me?" The large vampire purred, making his way to where his mate sat. "Every time," Bella giggled, reaching up for Edward. Edward picked her up easily, setting her on her feet. "I need to talk to you," he told her, pulling her out of the cave and rushing her quickly to their own den. "What is it going on Edward?" Bella implored, worried. Edward took a deep breath, staring down at his beautiful mate. When he exhaled, he let the words out so fast Bella had a hard time registering what he had said. "I'm sorry what?" She tried again, looking confused. "Carlisle had just resigned," he blurted, his excitement clear on his velvety voice. Bella gave him surprise expression, staring up at him with wide eyes. "You mean he's not our leader anymore? But then that means..." Edward couldn't hold it in anymore, he let out a loud bellow and practically swung Bella around the cave. "You are now the first mate!" Bella let out a breath, kissing her mate to stop his movements. Edward quickly realized what he was doing and stopped, setting her back down and checking her over for injuries. "I'm so sorry baby, I didn't mean too." He dropped to his knees and kissed Bella's stomach sweetly. "It is alright dear," She reassured, reaching down to run her hands through his hair. "This is wonderful news! Congratulations my love, you will make an amazing leader." Looking up, Edward gazed at his mate with adoring eyes. "Thank you Bella, this means so much to me." "Is that what tonight is all about?" Bella proposed, her eye brow rose in question. Edward nodded. "Yes, there will be a change positions ceremony, everyone will attend and we will have a great feast!" "This will be so much fun, I am so proud of you!" Edward's ears flushed pink, looking back down to rub his hand against the round belly. "I can't wait till our little son will grow and soon take over as leader. I could just see him now." Bella purred, "I'm sure he will take after his father." "Let's just hope he doesn't spend over a century looking for a mate, and wind up getting locked in some illegal human institute" Edward muttered, still petting his growing child. Bella rolled her eyes, reaching down to lift up his chin. Staring deep into his eyes, Bella crooned softly to her love, "Don't worry, our coven is about twelve members strong. And with a father like you, I know he and our daughters will be safe from silly old humans," she stated confidently. Edward smiled, standing up to wrap his long arms around her. He would protect them; it was his job and duty as a father and a leader. "My Protector," the small female murmured into his lower chest, rubbing her button nose against his shirt affectionately. ALYALYALY TADA! The sequel to My Mate is finally here! Now just to let you know, all of these chapters are going to be originally my work. My writing style is different and not as detailed. I like to get straight to the point. Also you guys are going to help me write it :P What I mean by that, is I am going to have a question for each chapter, each review that gives an answer will count as a vote. So don't forget to Review! Here's the first question…. When Edward becomes the leader….Who should be his deputy? Emmett-His blood related brother Jasper-his battle brother and ex war leader. Give me you vote and I'll make it happen! Also don't forget to check out my profile for any updates on the Covens. It really helps you remember who died who is what. Thank you guys so much for sticking with me! I love you all :D Alynelovesyou