to gasp before Edward had me in his arms and was leaning me back for a kiss that was far too passionate for public. But I couldn't find it in me to care as I gripped the lapels of his jacket and kissed him back with equal passion. We broke apart as the crowd started whistling and laughing at us. I blushed as we turned back to the crowd. "Ladies and Gentlemen, I'd like to present for the first time. Dr. and Mrs. Edward Cullen." The crowd cheered and we both chuckled when Emmett started whooping and jumping like he was at a rock concert. We quickly walked back up the isle and back into the house. Edward pulled me into his arms and smiled down at me. "I love you so much, Mrs. Cullen." "I love you too, Dr. Cullen." He kissed me again and then took my hand and pulled me into the laundry room. I heard the door close and the click of the lock sliding into place. I turned back to Edward and the look on his face took my breath away. He was looking at me like I was something to eat and I was immediately turned on. "Dr. Cullen, what do you think you're doing?" I asked as he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me closer. He leaned over and ran his tongue over the top of my breasts and down in between. I felt my head fall back and I involuntarily moaned. I didn't quite hear what he said, something along the lines of me teasing him with my breasts all during the ceremony and him trying to hide his hard on from Pastor Weber. All of the sudden I felt Edward lifting me up onto the washing machine. I almost squealed in surprise and then he ducked under my dress. "Edward Anthony Cullen! Get out of there, we don't have …" I didn't get to finish my sentence because all I could think and feel was his tongue on my clit. All that came out of my mouth was incoherent words as he worked me over. Then he started talk and I lost it. He said he needed to feel me come on his fingers and asked if I wished it was his cock. As soon as he said cock I was gone. I felt my orgasm wash over me. I don't even know what was coming out of my mouth all I know is that I was loud. Then all of the sudden I felt another wave hit me. Once I came down from my second orgasm, I was panting. I felt him give me an almost chaste kiss and then he removed himself from underneath my dress. He grabbed a clean towel out of the dryer and tenderly cleaned me up. "Oh my God Edward. I can't believe you just did that. Alice is going to kills us. You know that right?" He snorted a laugh. "Like I give a shit. I wanted to taste that pussy so I did. End of story. Are you saying you didn't enjoy that? Because I would beg to differ." He said with a cocky grin. I just shook my head. "I didn't say I didn't like it Edward. God you are insatiable. But now, I'm sure I have that thoroughly and freshly fucked look. Our grandchildren will love seeing that in our wedding pictures." I pulled him closer for a hug and felt that he still had a huge problem in his pants. I snickered. "Bella, you look beautiful, as always. Do you feel what you do to me? You're off the hook right now because of time constraints but later on, you will be taking care of this problem I seem to have." "Oh Handsome, you can be rest assured I will take very good care of you. I love you so much Edward. Thank you for this beautiful life. I'm not sure what I would have done if I hadn't met you." I could tell he was about to lean in and kiss me again, and I was going to attack his lips, but at that moment there was a bang on the door. "Edward Anthony Cullen! Isabella Marie Cullen!" Esme yelled. I pulled back from Edward as she kept yelling. I heard her say she had Jasper keeping Alice occupied and that the photographer was waiting. I glanced at Edward and we both burst out laughing. "Well doc, you heard her. We better get a move on. If she has to come back it won't be pretty." "Truer words were never spoken baby. After you my beautiful bride." Edward held the door open for me and we re-entered the kitchen. Emmett was standing there and I felt myself blush again. "Whoa there Bella, You look..." He paused for a second and looked at Edward. "Gorgeous as usual." Then he gave me a dramatic wink. I blushed then grinned when I heard Rose slap him upside the head. Alice found us as soon as we stepped back outside. The look on her face was scary. She pulled me away from Edward to touch up my makeup and fix my hair. She didn't say a word, just kept shaking her head. Photos were taken and then the reception in the back yard began. It was a beautiful evening spent with our family and close friends. We were spending the night at the Fairmont Olympic that night. I had never stayed there before, but Alice assured me that it was beautiful. It helped that it was also close to the airport so that we could get there in the morning for our honeymoon flight. I didn't know where we were going, Edward had planned the whole thing wanting to surprise me. I didn't care where we ended up, just as long as we were beginning our lives together. A/N Stay tuned for EPOV Next chapter. It will be posting soon