Edward's grin wider. He knew he had her rattled. "Oh! Stop being such an ass, Edward!" "What about my ass?" he teased. Bella knew he was out-witting her and it pissed her off. There was no way she was letting him win this round. She took a deep breath and folded her arms across her chest. "Well, I suppose you should hope that your ass is enough to make up for your rather mediocre kissing skills," she told him demurely. Edward's grin instantly fell. She'd surprised him. Not only did SHE take the initiative to be the first to bring up the kiss, but she somehow put him on the defensive. "Mediocre?" he asked doubtfully, raising one eye-brow and trying to give his best cocky grin. Bella didn't back down. "Mediocre, at best!" she informed him smugly. "So, you're saying you've had better?" "Oh, please," Bella rolled her eyes, but didn't really answer his questions. "Have you?" he pressed. "Have you ?" she asked back, and immediately regretted it. Edward didn't answer for a long time. They both had their arms crossed and they were standing so close to each other now that their elbows nearly touched. Bella was very aware when Edward's gaze shifted from her eyes to her mouth. "Hmmm," he finally spoke. "That is a difficult question to answer considering …" "Considering what?" Bella asked. What the hell did that mean? What was Edward playing at now? "Well, you found my kissing skills mediocre at best which, I promise, they are not. So…" "So, what?" "So, apparently it was impossible to make an accurate judgment under those circumstances." Bella looked at him confused. "Don't worry. I'm sure it is better this way," Edward told her as he began to back towards door. "Without a proper kiss to judge by, I can't know for certain that you really ARE that bad at it." "What?!" "So, your secret is safe with me, Bella," Edward grinned and walked out of the kitchen, heading for the stairs. What the fuck had just happened? How had he turned this around on her? Bella was so angry her hands were fisted at her sides. Bad at it, was she? She was not letting him get away with that. Edward was already passed the landing by the time Bella followed. She charged up the stairs and caught up with him as he entered in his room. "Wait just a damn second!" she screamed at him as she stormed into his room and slammed the door. Edward suppressed a grin, loving that he'd gotten her so riled up. "Yes, Bella?" He turned to face her calmly, anticipating the tirade of arguments that would only make her more flustered. "I am not a bad kisser." She informed him, putting her hands on his hips and staring up at him. He looked down at her, noticing how her cheeks were flushed and her eyes were dilated. "Is that a fact?" He smirked in reply. Bella smirked back. "You tell me!" she challenged a split second before she grabbed the back of his neck with both of her hands and yanked him down to her level so she could kiss him full on the mouth. Edward had definitely NOT expected that, but it didn't take his body long to react. He wrapped his arms around Bella's waste and hauled her up against him. Their bodies rubbed together and they both let out an involuntary moan. Bella gripped Edward's neck tightly and moved her fingers into his hair. She kissed him hard, holding nothing back. Edward reacted by pushing her across the room until her body slammed into his desk. As if in sync, they both opened their mouths and flooded their senses with the taste of each other. This time Edward didn't stop himself from sliding his tongue past her teeth and feeling the inside of her warm mouth. Bella shocked him again, though, when she pulled his tongue in deeper and sucked on it. That proved to be his undoing. No one had ever made him feel like this before. Edward's hands were suddenly at her waste, lifting her until she sat on his desk. Bella had never intended for things to go this far but she instinctively locked her legs around him and gasped loudly as he rubbed himself against her. Their lips having finally parted, Edward moved his mouth to her neck and kissed a line down to her collar bone. Bella tried to breath but all she could manage were short pants and moans. The sounds she made were driving Edward insane. He moved his hands from her waste to finally caress that damn blue sweater he'd been obsessing on all evening. As he sucked on Bella's pulse point, his hand cautiously moved to one of her perfect mounds covered by the soft material. Bella's nails racked down Edward's back as she pressed herself closer telling him without words to continue his touching. Edward brought his other hand up to feel the second breast and squeezed them both at the same time. Bella thought she was going to die. She arched her back while she grabbed Edward's face and kissed him again. His mouth was hungry on hers, like they were both starving for the same thing. Bella ran her fingers across Edward's toned stomach, trying to remember how she had gotten his shirt unbuttoned. Damn, she had never realized how muscular his abs were under his hot skin. Edward moaned into her mouth as she continued to stroke his chest frantically. He slipped his hands underneath the back of her sweater and rubbed his palms over her smooth back until he got to her bra clasp. "Edward, are you in there? Have you seen Bella?" Alice called cheerfully as she knocked once on Edward's door and tuned the knob to open it… If people like this story and want to know what happens next, let me know I promise to update SOON! ~Alexanya