left me …." He said so quietly "I didn't want to… I just thought we never had a chance…. I didn't think it was possible for us to be together… for us to be free." Edward turned and stood infront of me, my back to the wall of the elevator. His hands found their way to my hips again and his lips were just so close… "I told you I would find a way Bella…" he sighed "Im sorry …. I was afraid Edward…I'm so sorry, I don't know what else to say" I was ashamed, tears streamed down my face. "Shhhh" he soothed me placing one hand on my cheek "Open your eyes baby… look at me" I opened my eyes I hadn't even realized were closed. What I saw was so sincere, so real, the only real thing I had ever had in my entire life. I placed my hands around his neck and pulled him to me. I was tired of being responsible, tired of doing the right thing. He was everything, and I had denied it for so long I couldn't take it anymore. "I heard you were to marry Jacob Black" He sighed, looking down at my ring finger. "No! My father is trying to force me into it" I said lifting his face too look me in the eye. "Never Edward, I don't want him, if I had a choice I would spend every moment with you, but my father…" "I know Baby, but things are different now, you don't have t listen to him anymore." He smiled. The elevator doors opened and Edward took my hand leading me into the penthouse. He took my jacket and purse and without a word led me to the bedroom. As I stepped inside I was flooded with memories, with moments I thought I would never live again…. 3 years ago… The party died down a few hours later and as everyone fell asleep Edward grabbed the last blunt and my hand, leading me into his bedroom. When we stepped inside I heard the lock click behind me and smiled at the sound. It had been a whole 7 days since I had felt his touch. We lived an hour away from each other and only spent one night a week together. Immediatley I slipped my shirt over my head and my pants down my legs before turning to face him. He was leaning against the door watching me, arms crossed over his chest, a sexy smirk on his face and a lit blunt hanging from his lips. Once we made eye contact he closed the gap between us, pulling my body against his. Arms slid around me and lips pressed against mine… and I was in heaven. "Don't go back home…" he sighed pulling his lips from mine for a moment "Just stay with me, your safe here… I'll take care of you baby" "Oh, Edward…. I want to stay forever, but we both know I can't" "One day you will…" Edward groaned sliding his hands up my body. I took the blunt from his mouth and took a long pull. "That's so fucking sexy…" I exhaled and smoke swirled between us as Edwards mouth made its way down my neck. He picked me up and layed me down on the bed taking the blunt from me. With one more hit he put it out and returned his attention to me, his hands gliding down my thighs. "Damn baby… you have no idea what you do to me" I couldn't manage to make a sound with his hands and lips all over me. "Your mine baby…. Only mine…" He groaned his lips kissing down my chest. His hands slid behind my back and unhooked my bra with ease and he flung it over his shoulder quickly. He was right, I was his. Edward was my first, my only, and he loved that fact as much as I did. I groaned feeling his lips pull a nipple into his warm inviting mouth and suck. His hand slid over my pussy, covered in black lace. "mmmm baby …. Your so wet for me." He sighed pulling away to look down at me. "Did you miss me this week beautiful girl?" "So much Edward.. Missed you so much… I need you" I said breathlessly "I know sweet girl, I missed you too…" he whispered his hand rubbing me over the rough fabric. "Lift up baby" He sighed hooking his fingers in the waist band of my panties. I did as he said and watched as he slid them so slowly down my legs and threw them aside. "So perfect…" He sighed. His fingers were on my clit in seconds, circling and rubbing, just the way I liked, he knew my body so well. I closed my eyes and moaned his name, loving his hands on me. Suddenly I felt his tongue slide up and down over me and I moaned louder then before , my eyes opening. "Fuck you taste good" he groaned and sunk back into me. "So good baby…" My hands slid into his hair and pulled. I wanted more, I need the connection. He slid up my body until his lips were on mine. Without a word he pushed into me. "Yes baby…. I love you…" I sighed "Bella… baby…" He groaned once he was all the way inside. "So good, so tight…. Mine baby… only mine" "Yours baby… Only you… " I moaned. He pushed and pulled and kissed and whispered love and I tumbled so far off the ledge I thought I would never come back. "Fuck yes baby…" he groaned as he came, filling me and loving me. As I came down my eyes fluttered open and stared into his. "I'm never letting you go baby. You'll be my wife one day…." He sighed, his hands made his way to my stomach "I want you to have my babies, I want you forever"