Aro and Caius flitted over to my side as I fell to my knees. I couldn't explain farther, I had no time to lose. I ran for home in fear of what I might find. My heart knew, the feeling of the absence of her bond, emptiness. Gone. The only one thing could've happened, death. I reached the castle and flitted frantically to our room. I found Corin and my sisters in mourning for my sweet Didyme. They wailed out many cries, holding one another for comfort. By the time I arrived, the fire was out and the smoke cleared. All that remained was her ash. I knelt next to the pile and scooped her remains in my hands. I cried out into the heavens as the agony ripped my heart into pieces. Memories of her life flooded my soul and pain of losing her drove me into madness. Who could have killed such a beautiful, loving creature as my Didyme? She existed just to make people happy. She used her gift when ever she saw anyone down. She was loved by all who knew her and she never did anything wrong. " WHY!" I screamed into the night as its lonely; cold spread over my darkening soul. Back to the present...Marcus POV... I am Tired. Tried of existing. Tired of the pain. The pain of loneliness. The pain of loss and the emptiness that consumes me. The events in Forks drew me out more than usual. I could not just stand back; silent as Bella and Edward's little Renesmee's fate hung in the balance. I didn't speak often, but when I did, Aro listened. He knew when I did speak, it was important. I was glad to witness the family safe at last. The love they share is very rare. My eyes are now closed, to shut out my surroundings. To prevent more pain from my memories if I gazed one more time on the painting over my fire-place. Memories of Her...my Didyme. Back in the throne room... Aro POV... The thoughts of finding Marcus in the aftermath of my sister's death was heart breaking to dwell on. The cry of her name shouted by him shook us all to the core. The only one thing that motivated him after that night was revenge. The only clue was the false letter received by Didyme. As we analyzed it, we discovered that the handwriting was of no one we knew. One thing we knew for certain, it was one of the Romanians we failed to destroy. So indeed they got their last blow in before defeat. An act that crippled my most beloved brother for many years. My emotions came raw to the surface at the thoughts of the past. I now shared somewhat of the sorrow Marcus endured for hundreds of years. I was determined to make this right, somehow for him. He never found the peace that killing Didyme's murderer would give. That satisfaction was a lost cause. Marcus felt robbed of this essential need and fell into deep depression as a result. I tried to find him a suitable mate or lover but he would not have it. I even tried to convince him to let Corin ease his pain but to no avail. I look over to observe Caius when I heard raised voices bringing me back to reality. He was scowling at his wife that suddenly appeared by his side. "Caius! I want an answer!" Athena loudly demanded. "I said not now, go back to the tower with Corin!" Caius ordered. Corin shifted uncomfortably as they argued. "I will not! I want to move back in with you! I grow tired of that tower, and it's not for safety, its a prison, and with Sulpicia gone, it's lonely!" She whined. Caius sighed, tiring of arguing with her. "Guards, take her to her room, NOW!" The guards came forward and took the protesting Athenodora by the arms then practically dragged her out. "Brother, maybe she's right." I say then he snapped his head at my direction. Caius looked at me with angry surprise etched on his face. "What! I thought we agreed since the death of Didyme, we need to keep our wives safe and guarded." I closed my eyes in resignation because I truly did not wish to fight. I raised my hand to quiet him. Suddenly, in the midst of the short-lived silence, Demetri flitted in front of us and bowed. I motioned him to speak. "What news, Demetri?" I inquired. "An army my kings! The Romanians have created an army of the children of the moon!" He cried out explaining. "Where!" Caius bellowed as his eyes widened in fear and rage. I leaned forward in alarm; on the very edge of my seat. "They are coming. Even now. They crossed the boarders of Italy just moments ago, the scouts reported back to me just now!" Demetri explained farther. I stood up and called for all members of the coven to come to the throne room ready for battle. All the guard were assembled in front of the us and Athena then slowly Marcus joined us. They all listened to the devastating news as I relayed it to them. "The Romanians want revenge, it seems they were more than disappointed that they could not meet us in battle in Forks. So they hatched a plan of attack. Since no coven would help them get the revenge they crave, they decided to breed an army of the children of the moon to destroy us! Now they cross our boarders and we need to face them before something worse happens...like exposure. Ready yourselves for battle. Athena will not be left behind this time. I will not come home to more tragedy." "Corin and Heidi, guard Athena with your lives!" I instructed to them. "Yes, master!" They said obediently. "Come dear ones, we must not fail!" I called; over my shoulder as they followed behind me; fearlessly.