his lap. Covering his lips with hers, ending his angry words, while pulling at the hem of his t-shirt. Paul was...shocked. It took a full thirteen seconds before his mind had caught up. He pulled his shirt over his head, clashing his lips back to Bella's and gliding his tongue to finally taste her. His hands moved to squeeze the plump ass he had jacked off to fifty seven million times. He groaned as she kissed and nibbled down his neck and across his collarbone. The sensations causing him to pull her hard against his jean covered cock. He took the hint when she pushed his shoulders, laying back on the hard ground. She palmed his dick through his shorts, popping the button as she sucked his hard nipple between her lips. He hissed when her teeth scraped the tight brown skin before moving down to kiss, lick and suck his abs. He couldn't stop himself from moving forward when her pink tongue darted out to lick over his hips. Their eyes met as she unzipped his shorts, tugging them down until he could kick them off. He thought he'd lose it when her soft hand gripped his cock. She winked at him before licking from the base to the head of his dick, finally wrapping her lips around him. "Oh, sweet Jesus!" Paul was so happy at the moment, if the aliens came, he'd probably let 'um probe him a little. His restraint broke when he watched her small hand glided underneath her skimpy shorts while she sucked him off. He grabbed her by the arms and flipped them over, ripping her clothes to tatters in seconds. Diving between the creamy thighs that had taunted him for years, he finally got a taste of what he had fantasized. "Holy hell, don't stop, Paul!" Bella looked down at the nearly black eyes between her legs, unable to count the number of times she had gotten herself off thinking of his sexy mouth on her. His plump lips sucked her sensitive clit, a low growl building in his chest as she pulled at his silky hair with one hand and pinched her nipple with the other. The two fingers that had been stretching and pumping her pussy curled, causing her back to arch, pushing herself harder against his mouth as she came screaming his name. Her head thrashed as she begged. "Holy shit, Please, Paul! Please! I need you inside of me, NOW!" He took his time mapping her body with his mouth and hands as he moved north. He was pretty sure he could play with her tits for hours, but she was getting louder with her demands for his dick. Sitting back on his heels and gripping her hips to pull her to him. He watched his cock sink into her inch by inch until he was fully inside her sweet heat, Pausing for her to adjust to his size i-cough-/i trying not to immediately cum at the sight of his dick inside his fantasy girl. He picked up the pace of his thrusts, the bounce of her tits spurring him on. Her cute little feet had moved to brace against his upper chest, he nipped her left ankle with his teeth before kissing it. His thumb slipped to rub slow circles around her clit, thanking god that he could feel the small flutters against his cock hinting at her impending orgasm, he was worried he would blast before she did. Bella muttered Paul's name like a prayer as she felt the build up of ecstasy overflow. Her release pulling his, roaring 'Bella' as his hot streams filled her, their hands searching for each others, intertwined fingers to hold themselves to earth. Rolling over to his back and pulling her soft body to his chest. Letting out a happy sigh, he muttered. "Mine." Bella's eyes met his. "Um, what did you just say?" "Uh, ikind/i, it was very ikind/i of you to let me touch your vagina with my penis. So, uh, thanks." Bella busted out laughing. "You're welcome. Come on, I see cop lights, the road must be over there." Paul slipped his shorts back on and pulled his shirt over Bella's head. He bent down latching their mouths together before smacking her ass and pointing to the lights. "Come on, road is that way." Bella rolled her eyes. "I just told you that. What are we going to tell everybody?" "Fuck if I know." Holding hands they walked to the deserted pavement. center.../center Sam, Jared, and Leah were huddled into the small space beneath the dining table, aluminum hats firmly in place, when they heard the door rattle. Jared was nearly hyperventilating. "Oh, fuck. This is it. I don't want an anal probing." Sam whimpered when the door lock was forced open. "We're all going to idie/i." Two sets of footsteps were coming closer when Jared planted his foot on Leah's ass and pushed her into the walkway of the bus. "Take her! Don't breed her though, she's mean as hell!" Leah cautiously looked up to a disheveled Bella and Paul. "Oh my god! Were you abducted?" Paul and Bella nodded furiously. "Abso-fucking-lutely. They were green, probed the fuck outta us." Leah's ringing cell phone caused everyone to jump. Slowly, she slid her finger across the screen and pushed the speaker button. "Hello?" Charlie's voice boomed across the speaker. "You wanna tell me why in the sam hell Quil, Embry, Kim, Jake, your brother, and iJessica Stanley/i are in a New Mexico jail and the only damn phone number they remember is mine?!" "Um, okay. I'm not so sure, but I'll get back to ya." Leah ended the call just as Charlie's second round of screaming started. Sam climbed from beneath the table. "So, uh, walk to the jailhouse, yeah?" a href=" ?ref=25tdd0n" target="_blank"img src=" . " border="0" alt="Image and video hosting by TinyPic"/a bPart two coming soon! Let me know if ya like it ;) /b