feet when I heard my dad's voice. He smiled softly so I knew Bella was alright. My dad's hair was blond while my mom's was caramel; I guess that explained my red hair. He was a very good doctor and I knew I could entrust Bella to him. "Dad? How's Bella?" My dad patted my shoulder. "Next time, if you want to introduce a woman to me, a family occasion will suffice, son. Alice will be thrilled." "Jeez, Dad." He laughed lightly. "Don't worry about Bella. She is fine. She's already awake and she's looking for you." My dad looked over at Jake. "And you, Jake." Jake barked. I smiled and then I remembered something. "But, aren't dogs not allowed-" My dad winked. "Don't worry. This is special occasion." I smirked. "You are the devil." He shrugged. "If it's necessary." I laughed and turned to Jake. "Come on, Jake. We're going to see Bella." I walked with my dad and Jake walked next to me. Several nurses, visitors, and doctors glanced at us, but I ignored it. We stopped in front of a room-apparently they already moved Bella to a regular room-and my dad opened the door. Bella sat on her bed with a hospital gown on and an IV in her arm. Jake ran and jumped to the bed while Bella laughed lightly and hugged him. I glanced at my dad and raised my eyebrows again. "Is he allowed to jump on the bed like that?" He grinned. "Special occasion, son." He patted my back. "Go on." "Thanks, Dad." I smiled and looked back at Bella. Jake was already on the floor and sat there. Bella smiled weakly and I approached her in a blink of an eye. I hugged her with all the emotions that I had. "Bella," I breathed on her hair. She was slightly warm, but not burning up like earlier. "Edward." "Gosh, you were scaring me." I leaned away from my embrace and sat on her bed. She looked slightly pale, although there was a little bit of color on her cheeks. "Are you alright?" She nodded. "Yes, I'm fine." I blew a breath. "I'm sorry I didn't know you were sick. If I'd known, I would have brought you here sooner." Bella caressed my cheek. "It's ok. I guess I was too stubborn to ask for your help." I held her hand. "Bella, you can ask for my help. Anything. Please, don't let something like this happen again. I almost couldn't breathe when I saw you lying on the floor." I took a deep breath. "It's a good thing Jake came after me so I could bring you to the hospital." Bella's eyes turned misty and she looked at Jake. "Oh, Jake…" Jake barked. "He really loves you, Bella," I said in a low voice. She turned her head back to me. "I guess Jake was looking for you when I passed out. He knows I trust you, so he did the same thing. The last thing I remember was my head was so heavy and I wanted to reach for my phone to call you, and then I think I was out. When I woke up, I was already here. The blond doctor told me everything, and he said you and Jake were in the lobby so I asked him to get you both here." I chuckled. "Yeah, leave my dad to do that." Bella smiled. "Your dad is amazing. I can see where you get your genes from." I rolled my eyes. She sighed and played with my fingers. "I had no idea how devoted Jake was until now." "Animals can be so loyal to their owners. They love unconditionally, as long as we love them too. Jake loves you." I took a deep breath. Okay, now or never! "And I love you too." Bella's eyes widened and then a small smile escaped from her lips. "You do?" I looked at her eyes. "Yes, I do." And I'm hoping you do too. Please, God… She laughed lightly and then hugged me in one move. I hugged her back almost automatically. "Oh, Edward. I love you too." Her revelation made me lighter and I laughed along with her. Bella slowly leaned away from her embrace and our face were inches apart. Our eyes sought each other and my eyes fell on her lips. Oh, how I long to kiss those lips. Bella seemed to read my mind and she slowly closed our distance. When our lips met, my body felt warm and tingled. The fire of desire and love consumed me. Our kiss deepened and Bella knotted her hands in my hair while I wrapped my hands on her waist. We had to break apart because Jake was barking loudly and we needed air too. Our foreheads touched. "I've been waiting to do that for a long time," I whispered. Bella chuckled and ran her hand through my hair. "Me too." Jake was still barking and I glanced at him. "What's wrong with him? He doesn't like me kissing you?" Bella giggled and pecked my lips, urging me to look back at her. "No, silly. He likes you." I quirked an eyebrow. "He does?" Bella nodded and I looked back at Jake. "Thanks, Jake." Jake barked again and I pulled Bella tighter to me. "I hope he doesn't mind seeing a man next to his owner, because I want you to become my girlfriend." "Hmmm…" Bella caressed my jaw. "Even if he minds, he has to accept the fact that his owner wants you to become her boyfriend." We both laughed and kissed again before I broke the kiss. "Do you realize that it's because of Jake we can do this?" She smiled. "Yeah, I can't imagine thanking a dog for that." Bella glanced to Jake. "Thanks, Jake. You gave me a very handsome boyfriend." I chuckled and Jake barked again. Yeah, it was because of Jake and I was so grateful. ~boj~