his words. "I know you don't," I whispered, pulling away. This time he let me. "Can't I come with you?" I asked. He shook his head sadly, "The chances that I'll have to fight the wolves are very high, love. I don't want to endanger you like that." "Why would you tell me that? You can't fight them!" Fear seized my heart as I remembered my dream. "They'll kill you, Edward!" I was crying now. He wrapped his arms around me, kissing the top of my head. "Shh, love. Don't cry. I'm much faster than they are. I'll be with my family before they can catch up to me, and there are more of us than the wolves. I'll be fine; I promise," he rocked me in his arms. He had to go. His family was in trouble. I couldn't be selfish, and I couldn't let my fears hinder him. "Okay," I pulled back and nodded my head. I took a deep breath calming myself, and I took his hand and tugged on it slightly. "Follow me," we ducked under the water and swam out of the cave. I led him to the jagged rocks where I sunbathed on the far side of the beach, away from where the wolves had last seen us. "You can escape the beach from here. These rocks are too jagged and slippery for anyone to cross, including the wolves. The forest isn't far from here. I can distract the wolves for a while," I told him, trying not to think about what was happening. "What do you mean distract them?" Edward asked concerned. "Don't worry about me," I tried to calm him. "Love, don't do anything dangerous, please" he pleaded with me. "I won't, and the same goes for you. You have to promise me you'll be safe…and you'll come back," my voice broke at the last part. "Isabella," he wrapped his arms around me, pulling me close to him. "I will come back to you, and I'm not making wait more than day. I hate that you have to wait at all.. You've waited enough in your life." I shrugged, "I'm good at waiting." I kissed his cheek. "I don't care how long I have to wait; just come back to me safely. Promise," I suppressed the urge to cry. "I promise," he kissed me softly. For that precious moment, I forgot about my fear and his danger, and I drowned in the sweetness of his taste. My tail wrapped around him once again, holding him to me, but reality slapped me in the face when we finally had to break apart. He looked anxiously in one direction as if he were listening to something again. "Go!" I urged him. Don't go! I wanted to yell what I hadn't yelled all those years ago. Now I was saying the opposite, and I hated it. "I will come back, Isabella. I plan on kissing you many more times, and next time I come, I'm taking you with me. That is my promise," he kissed me one final time before hefting himself out of the water and onto the rocks. "I love you," I said trying not to cry. He looked beautiful standing on the rocks. My beautiful boy. My Edward. "I love you, too," he whispered smiling softly at me. I did cry then. He loved me. He loved me. "It's not goodbye, Isabella. I'll see you soon." I nodded, and when he ran from me, I bit my lip, so I wouldn't scream for him to come back. I took a shaky breath and dove back under the water. I had to distract the wolves, so they wouldn't follow him. I focused all my attention on that. It became that much harder when the fire returned to my chest, achingly familiar, but even more painful than before. I finally reached back to the beach. The wolves roamed around as if they expected Edward to jump out of the water any time now. Most of them were there. I climbed up on a rock, took a deep breath, opened my mouth, and sang. My voice carried easily over the waves, and the wolves heard it immediately with their sensitive ears. My siren song enticed them. They shifted back to their human forms, and lured by my voice, they made their way into the water. I didn't want them to come so deep that they would drown, but I had to make sure they couldn't get back to shore too fast. Other wolves came, concerned when they had noticed that their pack members had shifted. They too became entrapped by my song. I sang with all my heart. I sang with all my love, all my fear, and all my pain. When I was satisfied by the number of wolves and how far they were, I stopped singing and quickly dove back into the water. I swam deep down, and I did what I had done for years. I waited and hoped. I waited for Edward to come back. I hoped that he was safe. I would wait for my Edward. I believed in his promise, so I swam into the depths of the sea, and I waited. So what I'm think is, this is a freakishly long one-shot, but I have no problem turning it into an actual multi-chapter story with a plot and everything. What do you think? Should I leave it as a one-shot? Recommendation: A Little Bit Author: MrzEdCullen "...please, you know you don't have to go…You could stay here, with me…" He's playing a losing game. She will always choose another, but he hopes for a change; maybe, someday. Rated: Fiction M - English - Romance - Edward & Bella - Chapters: 17 - Words: 59,773 - Reviews: 61 - Favs: 40 - Follows: 52 - Updated: 10-05-12 - Published: 04-27-11 - Status: Complete - id: 6945840 Read it, review it, love it! I promise you will. See you soon!