clothes?" Paul asked. "Yes that would be nice. I think I have mud in places that it should NEVER be." I said as I walked awkwardly to the water hose on the side of the house. I turned it on and handed it to Seth for him to started rinsing himself off. But instead he started to spray me with the water. I screamed with surprise as the water was freezing cold. Paul and Seth stood there laughing as chunks of mud fell off of me. I flipped my head down to try to rinse as much mud out of my hair as I could. When I was done I grabbed the whose and started to spray Paul and Seth. They laughed and turned to look at each other. Seconds later they were stripping down to their boxers! Oh my god, they have insane bodies. I tried to turn away not to stare but they just kept laughing. "Ave I think you should look cause you're totally missing!" Seth said with a laugh. Ave? No ones called me that since my twin sister Milagro(miracle) died 4 years ago. It happened a couple days after our 17th birthday. She decided to go out with her boyfriend. He was abusive and I had tried to tell her to leave him. But that night she left with him and she never came back. Her boyfriend was convicted of man slaughter a month later. I stood there with a blank look on my face. "are you okay?" Paul asked as he went to my side. I quickly tried to forget the bad memories before they could as me what was wrong. "Yeah, I'm fine. Its just no ones called me Ave in a long time." I said. "So should we not call you that or is it okay?" Seth asked. "Um, You can call me that if you want." I said with a slight smile. I had to get over my sister's death before anyone could ask about it. I didn't like to talk about it much and when ever I did, I would always end up in tears. "Okay, so why don't we go inside and I'll grab you some clothes." Paul said as he handed me his hand wanted me to hold it. I grabbed it and smiled as we all walked into his house. It was similar to mine but with an extra room. It was an addition. Seth and I stood in the living room waiting for Paul to come back with some clothes for us to wear. He came back and handed Seth a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. He handed me a large t-shirt with a pair of sweats. "Do you mind if I use your shower?" I asked Paul. The water at my house hasn't been turned on yet and I didn't want to wait to shower till it was on. "Sure, the bathrooms right over there and there's towels under the sink." He said pointing at the door across the room. "If you need anything just let me know." He said as he sat on his couch. "Okay, Thanks." I said as I walked into the bathroom. As I closed the door and I could hear Seth and Paul already talking and laughing about something. I stripped down naked and I turned the on the water and hoped in the shower. I looked down at the water and it was brown color. Gosh I hope I don't clog his shower with all this mud. I grabbed the bar of soap in the corner of the shower and started to scrub my body. It smelled really nice, and manly? He must live here alone because everything in his shower was men's shower gel and soap. It all smelled really good. I slowly washed my hair and rinsed off my body. I turned the water off and grabbed a towel to dry my body off. I wrapped my hair in the towel and got dressed in Paul's clothes. I didn't have any underwear or a bra to put on so I just went commando. Hopefully they don't notice. I walked out of the bathroom with my muddy wet clothes in hand. I left my clothes outside to rinse off some more in the rain and went and sat down next to Seth and Paul on the couch. They were watching tv. "How was your shower?" Asked Seth. "It was nice. I think I might smell like Paul for the rest of the day though." I said with a laugh. Seth leaned in and sniffed my shoulder than went over and sniffed Paul. "You do smell kinda like him" He said with laugh. "Well I think I'm gonna head home. I need to fix up a few things. Hopefully I'll see you guys tomorrow." I said with a smile as I got up from the couch. Paul walked me out the house and stopped me at the porch. "I had fun with you today." He said in a whisper. He moved in closer to me. It felt like he was trying to lean in for a kiss so I took a step back. I was nervous. I barely knew him, I didn't want anything like this to happen so soon. I looked up and saw a frown on his face. I felt bad. "Sorry, I gotta go." I said quickly as I grabbed my wet clothes and ran back to my house. I ran into the house and shut and locked the door behind me. I leaned back into the door and sighed as I slid to the floor with my knees to my chest. I hope you all enjoyed the first chapter of ALONE. If you'd like more details of Aventura's past life before the she ran away I'll be gladly to post a chapter about it. Please review your thoughts about this story :) I'm enjoying writing this so I hope you all love it! :)