in. "I know," I said quietly. "But I don't care if they give me a thousand scholarships – it's not Force." I shook my head, knowing I was being stupid. "I'm sorry," I said. "I know there's nothing you can do...and if Collaianni is offering me a chance to keep dancing, then I guess...I'll take it." Mom stood up and gave me a hug. "I promise, sweetie, you'll have a ball there!" Dad put his arms round the both of us, "We're so proud of you, Bells." I smiled, but inside I was dying. \*\*/*/ I found Alice up in my room, pulling bed clothes onto the mattress we'd found for her. "Hey," I said quietly. "Hey," she replied, equally softly. She finished tugging on the corner of a sheet and stood up. Worry played in her eyes. "So...what's happening?" "My parents don't have the money to keep me at Force," I said blankly. "And Aro Colainni's has offered me a full scholarship. I start in the Spring." "A scholarship?" Alice repeated, a frown suddenly on her face. I nodded, "Apparently someone had to pull out, and I was next in line." "Isn't that a bit odd, this far into the year...?" she sighed and shook her head. "It doesn't matter...I guess I should say congratulations..." she gave me a sympathetic smile. I pushed my fingers through my hair. "I just can't believe it...and I can't face leaving Force..." "You've still got the rest of the semester. Maybe by then we'll have worked something out." But we both knew it was totally unrealistic. We got ready for bed in silence. There was nothing more to be said...I had to go. I just couldn't believe that it things had come crashing down in the space of a few short minutes. And that I hadn't thought about fees before...I'd just assumed that my parents were able to pay them. But a private boarding school, dance or no dance, was always going to have been expensive...and Force... well, it didn't get the best dance teachers in the world through charity. "Don't tell Edward," I said quietly as I sat on the bed, plaiting my hair. "I know," Alice replied solemnly. How had a day of fun turned into this? "He'll be sad. Of course you should tell him yourself." I nodded, though the very thought of telling Edward that I was leaving Force made me feel sick. "Oh!" Alice suddenly exclaimed, abruptly returning to her usual state of bounciness. "That reminds me..." she got up and rifled around in her suitcase. Eventually, she brought out a small black box, tied with a dark blue ribbon. "Here – hopefully a nice present this time. Edward thrust it into my hands as I was leaving." I gave her a small smile, "Thanks." Taking the box, I undid the ribbon and lifted the lid. Inside, cushioned in dark blue satin, was a shining silver pinkie ring, intricately carved and...perfect. And looking closer, there was a thin band of delicate blue sapphires running through the centre of the carvings. "This is beautiful," I whispered. There was a note tucked into the side of the box. My heart fluttering, I took it out. Edward's neat, almost old-fashioned handwriting was easily recognizable; Bella, I wish I could be the one with you today, though Alice is very excited to see you – I miss you so much and I know that recovering from injury is as lonely as anything. But since I can't be, here is a trinket. Don't worry – it didn't cost me anything. Just a part of me to always be with you. Happy Thanksgiving, Edward I stared at the note. My heart ached – would he still be able to give a part of himself to me when I was at Aro Colaianni's and not at Force? How could he? We wouldn't be dancing together or even seeing each other...it would be over. Our relationship is over before it's even begun... I gulped back tears, and tried to remind myself that I still had what was left of class until Christmas. I still had him until then...we could still be together, still act like everything was perfect. Gently, I took the ring from the box and put it on my right pinkie finger. I understood why it wasn't a full sized ring – I could cover this with sports tape and wear it on stage. A part of me to always be with you...always. With a sigh, I put the box on my desk and flicked off the light. "Goodnight, Alice." "Goodnight..." I could hear she wanted to say more, but she let me be. I curled up under my comforter and pressed my lips against the cool metal of the ring. Edward...what can I do? \*\*/*/ Alice left the next morning. Her cheeriness was a little more forced than usual, but she thanked my parents with all the necessary graces. After she left, I slipped back, even deeper this time, into despair. My parents tried to cheer me up with telling me all sorts of facts they'd gathered about Aro Colaianni, but they didn't understand. I tried not to resent them. After all, there was nothing they could do; if there wasn't the money, then there wasn't the money. But I couldn't feign acceptance. I slouched around the house for days, eating little and talking even less. The only time I went out was to visit the physio. She gave me the piece of news that I had been waiting for for so long; that my ankle was strong enough to dance on again. It was time to return to Force de la Beauté. Oh dear, poor Bella... Still, it's so good to be back with them! Please review! I want to know, even if it's to tell me I should find a small hole and not come out of it ever again for fear of literary apocalypse! Tell me your thoughts! :D Thanks!