I stumbled but large hands caught me. Once I was steady I looked up to see a very pretty boy. He was just taller than me, with shiny black hair that fell in his eyes (which were blue) and a strong jaw line. He looked worried for second before his eyes lit up. "Hey, you're Annabelle Swan? Or are you Isabella?" He asked. His voice was still a bit high but not much. "Anna." "Oh cool." He said. He was silent for a moment, still holding onto my shoulders. He seemed oblivious to the fact that I still had no idea who the hell he was. "Are you going to tell me who you are and let me go, or am I going to have to pluck some grapes today?" His face turned into one of shock before he laughed. "Sorry." He said, taking his hands off my shoulders. "I'm Andrew Miller – hot, hilarious, charming..." "Is dickhead in there anywhere?" I asked him. He poked his tongue out at me but he was still smiling, so I knew he wasn't offended. "What class have you got next?" Andrew asked. "Advanced English, building 1." He winced. "Oh, you have Mr. Bale. I'd start writing your will now." I laughed, shaking my hair out as I pulled the beanie off my head. It was starting to annoy me. "That's okay. I already had an argument with Mrs. Sheerman this morning." "What?" He gasped. "You have a death wish don't you?" I laughed again. I had a feeling we were going to be fast friends. The rest of the morning progressed really well. English was okay but I'd read most of the books on the reading list. Andrew was the other freshman in the advanced glasses, so I was glad it was someone I could get along with. After that I had Music, which Andrew wasn't in but I met his twin sister Avery. She was quieter than Andrew but still nice. Her short black hair was shoulder length and her blue eyes were a little wider than her brother's. She explained it was a family thing – apparently their father's family had always had blue eyes but her father was the odd one out. He had green eyes. I found it really funny. We had a substitute teacher today. He must have been very young because he didn't really know what to do. He just told us to practice whatever instruments we wanted or finish any assignments we had. "Mrs. Kai is better, I promise." Avery explained to me as we moved over to the piano. She grabbed a cello a few meters away and came to sit next to the piano and continuing on. "She's pregnant though and occasionally has to take off because of back pain or something. She very optimistic though, and she is amazing at music. She knows how to play pretty much everything." "She sounds lovely." I murmured. I was distracted by piano in front of me. It's been a few weeks since I last played, since mum couldn't keep my piano anymore and there was no room at Dad's house for one. I missed playing. Music went by in a blur and soon Avery and I were walking to the cafeteria. We were quieted but it wasn't awkward. It was actually nice. I spotted Bella walking towards the cafeteria doors with a really tiny girl with a wild curly hair. She seemed to be talking a mile a minute. Bella had a stiff smile on face. I decided to rescue her. "I'll catch up in a minute, okay? That's my sister." I said to Avery. She nodded. "We are up near the back. See you Anna." She said sweetly and walked inside. "Bella!" Her head looked in my direction and she looked so relieved I almost started laughing. I held it in though. Don't want to irritate her any more than I have to. "Anna!" She exclaimed. The girl next to her stopped talking and turned to me with curious eyes, almost hungry… for information probably. She looked like a gossiper. "How has school been?" I smiled at Bella. "It was fine. How about you?" Bella shrugged and I knew she wasn't really enjoying it but didn't want to say so in front of the girl, who was still looking at me. I turned to her and held out my hand. "I'm Anna. Bella's sister." "I'm Jessica." She replied, shaking my hand quickly. "How old are you?" Yep, she's a gossiper. "I turn sixteen this June." It was January now. I was so happy that my birthday was in the summer, which means I don't have to walk around school with people constantly giving me unwanted attention. I am not a new toy, thank you very much. Jessica nodded and turned to Bella. "We should get inside so we can eat. Do you want to sit with us?" She asked. Bella looked at me, pleading me to come sit with her. I felt mean but I already had people I really liked. I wanted to sit with them. "No, sorry. I already am sitting with some other people." I gave Bella a hug and whispered "Good luck!" earning a glare before walking into the cafeteria. There were students running around everywhere, some studying and other eating. Some were even making out. In public. Ew. Get a room! As I walking over to the canteen to get my lunch, I glanced around. I nearly tripped. In the corner of the cafeteria, sitting at a table as far away from the other students as possible, were five inhumanly attractive people. Jasper and Alice included. What is in the water here? Was it good? I hope so. I'm hoping for at least three reviews. I am setting my goals low hahaha I have pictures of Anna's outfits, her dog and... her. Lily Collins is how I visualise her, so just imagine her. Hope you enjoyed it! Review! xxx