that if I had one year to escape, I would, even if it was for only a night at a time. I'd watch for the wolves, and then take off with my vampiric speed into the woods. In those few hours, I began to truly see the world. Well, Forks and Port Angeles, anyway. I spent nights in clubs, cafés, coffee houses, concerts, sports games, and so many other places I've long forgotten. The one night I remember the best was the one at the newest Starbucks around, the one that Father grumbled about for months. The inconspicuous clothing I'd bought in Port Angeles was an earthy green long-sleeved t-shirt and pre-ripped jeans with black converse I enjoyed getting muddy. My hair was back in a braid. Lana Del Rey's "Young and Beautiful" was playing over the radio as I walked into line. Why do I remember it so well? It was the night I met him. Prince Charming. Of course, that wasn't his name. Alistair Kingsleigh. He was the most beautiful person I'd ever met-not that most people would think that. His dark hair was too long and too lanky, and the serious expression ingrained in his face made his smiles awkward and perhaps to some, ugly. It was love at first sight-for both of us. I ordered a latte with some fruity, chocolatey mix, and he ordered a pumpkin latte. He lived on the corner of the street, seventeen like I was supposed to be, kicked out of his house. Alis, everything about him was beautiful to me. His large, holey sweaters, his songs on the guitar, his coffee-dark ryes, the smell of his pumpkin latte and mint soap packets. I'd try to bring as much of my own luxurious life to him as I could, and in return, he made me wake up. As Aunt Alice's veil and dress became more complete, I was falling in love with a stranger-a human stranger. One month before the wedding, I made up my mind. I would not go through with it. I knew how to stall-that was simple enough. I ripped the strands like Queen Penelope, forcing Aunt Alice to start sections all over again. But it wouldn't work forever. I had to be clever. "Why do you only come out at night?" Alis asked that night. "Why do you keep everything about you such a secret? Come on, tell me, Ness! I just want to help you, to-" "To save me from myself?" I demanded, finally snapping. "No one can save me from what is to become of me!" "What the hell is going on, Nessie?" he demanded, angry. "Just open up for once! Stop being such an ice queen!" "Stop thinking that you can change any of it!" I screeched. "I'm a monster, Alis!" "Don't talk about yourself like that!" he screeched right back. "My father was a vampire!" I screamed, and suddenly I was left with very little to say. "My father was a vampire, and my mother was a human." "You're joking?" he was the type of boy to believe in those things. As much as he didn't want to believe it. . . "You aren't. . . Are you?" I shook my head. "I'm to be married to a wolf who has loved me before I was born in one month. I wanted to be free. I'm sorry, Alis." As I started to go, I said my last piece. "I love you. Always, and forever." Before I could run, he grabbed me by the wrist. Despite my own strength, nothing stopped me in my tracks as much as his voice cracking as he pleaded me to stay, his warm hand around my wrist. Reader, do you know what I did? I left with him. We spent the night at Grandpa Charlie's house. He gave us the Rabbit Jacob had made before he became obsessed with Bella, then me. We drove. We drove into Arizona, where Persephone had come from. We drove to Florida, to Renée, who hadn't known of my existence, but welcomed us with open arms. I couldn't understand why Mother had thrown any of this away. I worked a dead end job until my paintings became recognized-when Nessie Swann, later Nessie Kingsleigh, began to take off. Alis's music would become recognized because of me. We'd have our own children, and a long happy life. I was lucky, reader. One-hundred years with my beloved. One-hundred years I was truly awake, truly alive. I was there, in his last breaths. I cradled him in my arms when he was old and dying, and I was still young and beautiful-and for the hundredth time, I'd wished I could die alongside him. "Always know that you are loved." His last words to me. I stayed for my grandchildren, who I loved and mentored. I stayed for all that continued to be. There was always something new to do or try or see. I intend to see all of it, for Alis. I only returned home once. I cut my hair like I had the night I threw it all away. I had eternity to grow it back. I approached the house of my youth-abandoned, excepting a russet wolf I knew all too well. He popped into existence a little too eagerly. "Hello Jake," I said with a polite smile. "I see you haven't grown up." "For you," he said. "It's not your fault," I murmured, mostly to myself. "But you need to try to forget about me. My heart belongs to another." I had to fight off my Big Bad Wolf. I walked to Alaska, hoping to find them-and find them I did. Grandfather Carlisle and Grandmother Esme welcomed me, but Mother and Father, among others, did not. "Go, see the world," Aunt Rosalie said, her hand brushing my curls softly. "Live, Renesmee. Leave us behind. We're the past. You are the future." I left them behind forever, enjoying love as constant as the stars above.