I love you very much," I whispered in her ear. She blushed once again, "Really?" "Really," I promised. She smiled bashfully I decided to ask her the question that was troubling me, "Bella, how long have you been looking for me?" "Three months," she answered cheerfully, not understanding the extremity of what she just said. Three months! "Where did you come from?" I asked. "I don't know what humans call it," she said, struggling to voice her thoughts. Instead she showed me images in her mind that seemed to be northern Canada. She had come all the way from the top of Canada to find me. "It's called Canada, love," I told her for future reference. "Canada," she repeated. "Did you live alone?" I asked her. "Don't you have a family?" "No, dryads are born from trees, so we don't have parents," she told me. "I didn't like being alone, but then I started dreaming about you, so I looked for you, and now I found you, so that makes everything alright," she said cheerfully. I kissed her forehead, "Then I'll be your family from now on." She smiled her enchanting smile at me, "Can I have another kiss?" "Where would you like me to kiss you?" "Here," she pointed to her cheek. I kissed it. "And here," she pointed to her other cheek. I kissed that one as well. "Here," she pointed to her little nose. I kissed it. "And here," she pointed to her rosy lips. I kissed those as well. Her lips were so soft and warm against my own, and she tasted of strawberries. She sighed happily into our kiss, and I used the opportunity to explore her mouth. My tongue tangled with hers, and she moaned against me, a sweet, gentle sound that made me kiss her deeper. Her tiny fingers tangled in my hair, and she shifted her body so that she was straddling me. She whimpered in disappointment when our lips separated. Her eyes were slightly glazed and unfocused, and I imagined mine looked similar. Her lips were red and puffy and her cheeks were bright pink. She looked as if she had been thoroughly kissed. "I think that one was my favorite," she whispered shyly. "That was my first kiss." "It was mine as well," I confessed to her, softly brushing my lips against hers before pulling back. "Now love, I need to make a phone call. I'll be right back," I said lifting her off my lap. I kissed away the sad expression that she now wore on her angelic face. What's a phone, Edward? Bella asked me. Her little head cocked to side in a confused manner. "It's something that people use to talk to each other when they are far apart," I explained to her. I went and retrieved my phone from the living room before returning to the kitchen. I leaned against the counter and sighed when I saw the twenty three missed calls. Bella, seeing me distressed, came over to me. What's wrong? She asked me, concerned. She seemed to prefer speaking to me mentally. I picked her up and placed her on top of the counter. Her small legs dangled and she giggled when I picked her up, "I'm fine, sweetheart." She blushed at the endearment. I put my finger to my mouth, the signal to be quiet. She mimicked me obediently. They should have reached Alaska by now. I called Carlisle believing he would be the most calm; I was wrong. "Edward, do you have any idea how worried we've been? Your mother is beside herself; Alice is having a panic attack because she can't see you." Alice couldn't see me? I looked over to Bella. Alice couldn't see Bella, w ho was worried about me. Why is he yelling at you? She asked concerned. It's fine, love. He's just worried. I assured her. "Is that Edward?" I heard Esme ask. "Edward," she had taken the phone, "we are coming home." "No, Mom, stay in Alaska. I'm fine really." It would not be good if they came here. "But Alice can't see you, and you weren't answering your phone. Edward do you have any idea how worried I've been?" Oh no. She was going to use guilt on me. "Alright Mom, how about this, winter break is in two weeks. I will take the time to withdraw from the college and pack my things, and then I will join you in Alaska," I tried to appease her. All the reasons that I had wanted to remain here didn't matter anymore because Bella was here, and I could manage Tanya if Bella was with me. You're leaving? Bella asked panicked. She misunderstood. No , love. I'm taking you with me, of course. I would never leave you. I stroked her cheek. She caught my hand and held it gently to her face, her eyes sparkling. "Fine, I can agree with that, but two weeks exactly. No longer than fourteen days, alright? I will be counting," she warned. I chuckled at her overprotectiveness, "Yes, Mom, I understand. I'll see you then. Bye." "Good bye, dear. Be safe," she told me before we hung up. Where are we going? Bella asked. She was still holding my hand and was playing with my fingers. "We are going to be with my family," I explained to her. Your family! She squeezed my hand excitedly. Are they like you? "No, not really," I answered her. She pouted, "But they are very nice. You'll like them," I assured her. "What if they don't like me?" she whimpered. "They'll adore you, angel. I promise, but they won't come close to loving you as much as I do," I kissed her sweet lips, overjoyed that I now had this privilege. As I expected, she was blushing when I pulled away. I kissed her nose before lifting her off the counter. "If we are going to Alaska, Then we need to get you some clothes."