you help me paraphrase this?" "The soliloquy?" she asked. "Gesundheit." It was the soliloquy. Bella tried to explain Hamlet's state of mind. "It's like he's hit rock bottom. He can't do it any more. So he's wondering if he should even bother, you know? He thinks maybe things would be easier if he just stopped being. That's the 'to be or not to be' part." "Like suicide?" "I guess." Jake seemed horrified. "He's lost someone he loved," she continued. "And no one understands him. It's criminal, really. I mean, some one is getting away with murder, and he can't seem to do anything about it. Everyone thinks he's crazy. Sometimes he thinks he's crazy. His weird behavior has alienated his friends and he—" Bella started feeling cold all over again. She tried to keep talking. "He feels powerless. And scared." The pages started to swim beneath her eyes but she forced herself to focus on the part about shuffling off "this mortal coil." "It's like, it's like..." She had to take a deep breath. Crap. That feeling she'd had in Newton's bathroom was coming back. This is not about HIM. I'm not thinking about HIM. She made herself concentrate. "He feels like mortality is constricting, like a coil, or a fist, squeezing you. And he wants to shake it off. But then there's the 'undiscovered country,' and the fear of the unknown has him frozen between the choice of living, which is so hard—" her voice squeaked— get a grip, Bella — "and dying, which is scary..." Her words trailed off as she noticed Billy had come around the corner and was looking at her oddly. Jake, too. "Bella," he said softly, "he can't just give up." "But he feels really bad, " she insisted. Why couldn't she breathe? "No," Jake said, leaning toward her. "Yes!" She practically shrieked. Jake was making her upset. Why was he sitting so close? "He lost someone he loved! No one understands!" Oh God, this was not happening. She grabbed a pencil and started to underscore the important lines in Jake's book. Breathe. Move the pencil. Breathe. Pencil. "I understand," said Jake. "No one can understand. That's why Shakespeare wrote it this way, it's why he's talking to himself and not some other character." Breathe. Move the pencil. Eyes on the book. "I lost my mom," he said. "I understand. It's okay." Bella felt, rather than understood, that something big was coming at her. She shot out of her chair so fast it clattered on the tile. "I—water," she said, and dashed into the kitchen. She leaned her head against a cupboard and realized that the weird shape she had sensed coming toward her had been Jacob, trying to hug her. With shaky hands, she filled a glass of water from the sink. She willed herself to swallow some of it. Her throat felt so tight. Then she just tried to breathe in and out, slower and slower, and she looked out the window at the falling snow. Some of it was gathering on the hood of her truck now. Jake had hugged her before. It was nice. She...liked...his hugs. He was always so nice and warm. But she could not let him, could not let anyone, touch her right now, or she would come apart. She rubbed a hand across her cheek. It was wet. She had seen Edward in Port Angeles and now all this, this feeling was happening to her again. She thought about his face, the sad way he had looked at her in the foggy night. It helped a little. If she was going to feel, to see, then she would think of him. When she was able to leave the kitchen, she saw that Jacob had put away all their homework and was now flopped on the couch in the living room with Billy. "Want to watch Iron Chef ?" he called. Bella sank gratefully onto the couch beside him. How did he always know what she needed? It was dark outside when the ringing of the phone woke her. She lifted her face from Jacob's shoulder as he smiled down at her. How did I get here? she wondered. And had that been his hand in my hair? His hands were at his sides now, innocently enough. "Bella?" Billy called. "Your dad's on the phone." "Oh, crud," she said, stumbling around the coffee table. "What time is it?" "It's six-thirty," Billy said. She must have slept for a couple hours. With no nightmares... But now Charlie would be wondering about dinner. She picked up the receiver. "Dad?" Charlie told her not to worry about dinner, that he'd called in a couple of pizzas and would be bringing them over to the Blacks' house. Then he asked her to put Billy back on the phone. She could hear one end of the conversation as she returned to the couch. "Yeah," Billy said. "Bring it with you." While his dad was on the phone, Jake took the opportunity to whisper with her about the bikes. "Almost ready," he said into her ear. "Maybe tomorrow." "Really?" she looked up at him, half-hoping, half-dreading that he would lean close to her again and whisper more. But he just nodded. He got up to help Billy set the table, and a short while later, Bella looked up at the sound of the door opening. "It's really coming down out there!" said Charlie, knocking the snow from his boots onto the mat. He balanced two boxes of pizza in his right hand, and, to Bella's horror, he held that brown guitar in his left. Author's Note: Thanks for reading. Please leave a review and share your opinion. I appreciate all comments and will write to thank you. Dude, and not just one of those "Hi, thanks," notes. I care. And I get a lot of awesome ideas and critiques from readers, so you all are like a team I write with. Thank you!