thought she was. Her eyes nevertheless drifted to his left hand. His ring finger was bare. That discovery made Esme unreasonably happy, considering that she had known this gentleman less than ten minutes. "The break is in the femur shaft of your tibia bone," Doctor Cullen explained. "Since it's location is rather high up, the pain will most likely be felt throughout the limb. Am I correct?" Esme nodded, she could definitely still feel throbbing pain from the top of her thigh all the way down to her ankle. "This kind of break requires a cast and six weeks rest. Strictly no climbing trees," the doctor said, accentuating his last few words with a kind smile. "Hopefully you have another, less physical hobby, to occupy your mind in the meantime." "Oh yes, I love to read," Esme admitted. This was true. Countless hours were spent mulling over various works of fiction by various authors. She loved all kinds of literature. She loved fiction and poetry. Doctor Cullen was beginning to soak bandages in a small pot of plaster that he had retrieved from his medical bag. The corners of his lips quirked into a smile at Esme's words. "What would your favourite novel be?" "The Merchant of Venice," she said, trying to hold very still while the doctor placed the bandages. "I've read it," Doctor Cullen said, momentarily looking up from the bandages. "Why is it your favourite?" "Because of Portia. When she dressed as a young male lawyer solve Shylock and Antonio's case. At first the reader believes that she will lose but then she thinks quickly, and intelligently and she manages to save Antonio's life. She does the unthinkable, she does things that she had been told her gender cannot. I find that inspiring," Esme explained. "As do I. Shakespeare had a way with breaking molds," the doctor agreed. Esme was surprised by his response. Usually when someone asked her a question it was simply to be polite and any response she gave was waved off with the hand and a simple 'that's nice dear'. Doctor Cullen actually seemed to care about what she had to say. He was most wonderful. Esme looked down, out of simple bashfulness if she was being honest and she was rather surprised at the sight she found. She had know that Doctor Cullen's hands had been working with silent success but she had not been expecting him to have made such progress. His hands were extremely steady and worked with such precision that his pace was remarkable. He must have been a very skilled man to be both quick and precise. "Does this hurt?" Doctor Cullen murmured as he wrapped another bandage around her leg particularly tightly. The doctor's gaze left his body of work and fell upon Esme's face, concern in his golden eyes. "A little," Esme admitted with a slight honest smile, "Nothing I can't handle." Doctor Cullen gave a warm smile, "I'm sure you can," he agreed. It warmed Esme's heart in a surprising way that this stranger would believe in her so. While the doctor continued to work with great caution on Esme's leg, he asked questions about her. After he asked questions, he listened to what she had to say. It was strange, the way a man Esme had only known for the good part of an hour could make her feel so important. There was kindness in the way he healed her and there was interest in the way he spoke to her. Doctor Cullen was genuine and Esme hadn't really met anyone who was sincere towards her. When she saw that Doctor Cullen was nearing the end of his work, her heart sank. "What other activities occupy your time, Miss Platt?" the doctor asked. His eyes meticulously studied his work as though it was a piece of art. In a way it was art, he had given so much care to his project. "Painting when I have the supplies. Occasionally writing," Esme explained. "What do you write about?" Doctor Cullen asked. "Anything and everything. Although I do believe I am a better painter," Esme admitted. "Perhaps you could paint your cast," the doctor suggested, gently tapping the bottom of the cast, testing if the plaster was dry. "And cover up the wonderful craftsmanship?" Esme said. The words surprised her after they left her lips. Doctor Cullen chuckled and it was a wonderful, musical noise that caressed Esme's ears. "I'm afraid the 'wonderful craftsmanship' if you can call it that, is to be removed in six weeks," Doctor Cullen said. He was beginning to gather his things. "Promise me you shall take more care when you are back up in that tree," he playfully teased. "I promise," Esme said with a small grin. "Doctor Cullen, would you like to stay for dinner? Or perhaps just tea while the storm blows over?" Esme's mother asked, rushing over when she realised the good doctor was done with his work. "Thank you Ms. Platt but I best be going. I'm sure that the rain will not cease for some time and I have other patients to attend to," the doctor said with a polite smile. "I'll see you out then," Esme's mother said. "Thank you, Doctor Cullen," Esme called out, finding her voice. "It was a pleasure, Miss Platt," Doctor Cullen said. His golden eyes made butterflies dance in Esme's body. Then he turned and he left. The doctor did not leave her mind however. In fact, he stayed in her mind as if she had met him only yesterday. Doctor Cullen with his wonderful charm became a great admiration of Esme's. She dreamed of the doctor, she missed him and when the time arrived, she compared every suitor against him. Yet, she never mentioned to anyone how deeply he had affected her. Or how she still looked for him, on occasion, when she was in a crowded space. At least. she didn't mention it for for ten years.