tried to refuse the money seeing as we had so much fun. But she insisted," he says with a crooked smile. The smile, which she had found endearing just a little while earlier now strikes her as smarmy. Something inside Bella snaps. She jumps up from her chair and crosses to J, slapping and striking out at him while she yells. "You fucking son of a bitch! Who the fuck are you? Why would you be part of such a disgusting plan to deceive and manipulate someone? What kind of human being are you?" J raises his arms to defend himself from her blows, quickly managing to capture her hands and stop her attack. "Whoa there, kitten, pull in your claws," he says. "Really, Isabella, you insist on repeatedly demonstrating your white trash tendencies. Stop hitting poor J and sit down!" J gently pushes Bella back into her seat. Her eyes shine with unshed tears as she looks back to Esme. "What do you hope to gain by this, Esme? Edward will hate you for putting such a despicable plan into action." "Actually, he won't, because he will never know. Let me tell you exactly how this is going to play out, Isabella. You have one decision to make here, and only one. You see, I recognize that, for some reason I cannot comprehend, Edward adores you. Since I love my son, I would like to avoid completely destroying him by having him view this tape. So, here is the decision you get to make, Isabella. You can go home and tell Edward that you are leaving him. I don't care what reasons you give him, but you are leaving and there is nothing he can do to change your mind. Then, you will, indeed, leave town. I will provide you with a stipend to support yourself and will arrange for an attorney to represent you in the divorce proceedings – all of this will be untraceable to me of course. The divorce should be accomplished relatively quickly since you will not be contesting anything and once it is concluded, you will never contact Edward again. I don't care where you go, what you do or whom you fuck, but you will never again cross Edward's path." "No. I won't do that, Esme. I love Edward. He's everything to me," Bella says, tears rolling silently down her cheeks. "Well, if that is your decision, you will leave me with no alternative but to make sure this video finds its way into his hands. He will be devastated, I'm sure, to see his beloved Bella being so wanton with another man, but I'm sure it will be enough to convince him that you are not who he thinks you are. You know he values trust and loyalty above all else, Isabella. With this video, you will have broken his trust and shown how disloyal you are." "No, no. I'll tell him everything," Bella says in desperation. "How you planned and manipulated and deceived me in order to make this happen. I made a terrible choice but you started this whole thing rolling. We'll be able to come back from this, I'm sure of it. And he will disown you, Esme! He will never want to see you again once he learns what you've done!" "Is that so? That's why you confronted him over what you thought was his indiscretion, right, Isabella? You have so much faith in your love and your relationship that you immediately went to him and asked to work through it? No. I suspect that you know your relationship is not nearly as strong as you want to believe it is. That's why you chose revenge instead of taking the mature, responsible approach of talking to Edward directly. "Also, it would be a shame if this video found its way onto the internet. Some celebrities may be able to parlay a sex tape into career success, but I don't suspect the mousy daughter of a small town police chief would be able to do that. Imagine the scandal, the disgrace Edward, a well-respected surgeon, would face. Not to mention his poor parents. Carlisle and I will, of course, bear the burden of the humiliation with stoicism, providing unwavering support to our beloved son, the victim in all of this. But society will see this mark on our pristine family reputation and place it fully on you, Isabella. Edward, with his staunch belief in truth and loyalty, will see the evidence of your betrayal and the further damage it incurs on his family, and he will well and truly hate you. "So, you decide. Break his heart as gently as you can and willingly walk out of his life, or crush him completely and suffer the public disgrace of having this video released. You have two days to decide. If I don't hear from Edward in three days telling me how shocked he is by your sudden departure from his life, I will give him this video." She leans toward Bella and fixes her with a stony stare. "I've planned this for years, Isabella. Don't doubt that I will do it." Esme stands and steps toward the door. Bella rises as well and reaches toward her. "Esme, you can't mean this-" "Shut up, you disgusting trollop!" Esme declares, spinning to face her. It is the closest to yelling that Bella has ever heard from her. She points her finger in Bella's face. "I'm done dealing with you. Make your decision and prepare to live with it." She turns to J. "You've already packed up the cameras, yes?" She continues when J nods in affirmation. "Good. Grab the computer and your bag and let's go. Isabella has some thinking to do." J does as she directs him, and they quickly leave. When the door clicks closed, Bella slowly collapses to the floor, tears streaming down her face in hopelessness as she begins to grasp the depths of Esme's evil deceit.