tomorrow afternoon." "An appointment?" Charlie's gratefulness faded and was once again replaced by suspicion. "For what?" "He has some ideas about what might be causing her sleep issues," Edward explained and sighed. "If it's medically related, my father will find it." "All right," Charlie replied hesitantly. I could tell he didn't like accepting so much help from the Cullens. Then again, I was pretty sure his distrust was exclusive to Edward. "I'll make sure to write you a note, Bells." "Okay," I said and nodded, realizing that there was no way I was getting out of seeing Carlisle. The thought of Edward's pseudo-father asking personal questions was just…weird. As the seconds ticked by, the silence became excruciatingly palpable, and I realized that Charlie was expecting Edward to leave. It was even more obvious when Charlie cleared his throat and inclined his head towards the door. Thanks for the subtlety, Dad. Glaring scathingly at my father, I guided Edward to the door and hugged him tightly. "Will I see you tonight?" I whispered, since Charlie was standing at the edge of the hall. "Of course," he responded and kissed me softly, much to Charlie's displeasure. "If you want me, that is." "I always want you," I muttered and bit my bottom lip, feeling the same tension rise between us. Edward bid his goodbyes to me and a glowering Charlie, before heading out the door. I sighed and headed into the kitchen, feeling somewhat famished from my long day at school. Unfortunately, after getting a snack, I realized that I was under the speculative stare of my father. He was no doubt curious as to why I was home so early, and the smug look on his face told me he assumed I was mad at Edward. "So, I wasn't expecting you so soon, Bells," Charlie said, voicing the curiosity within him, and leaned against the kitchen door frame. "Did you two have a fight?" I scoffed and turned to him. "No, Dad, we didn't have a fight—Edward just needed to speak with his family about something." "Hey, I'm just wondering," Charlie answered and threw his hands up defensively. "As I said, I wasn't expecting you, is all." "Uh huh." I nodded, not buying his fake innocence, and proceeded to eat my sandwich. "Uh, Bells," Charlie said, his tone suddenly losing its sardonic twist. "Look, I'm not entirely comfortable with you being here alone tonight." The first thought that crossed my mind was spending the night at Edward's. The previous summer, I had stayed over quiet frequently and it had never been an issue with Charlie. However, that was before Jasper had attempted to take a snap at me and Edward had left to keep me safe, putting me in a near constant coma. Since then, I was fairly certain that he wouldn't go for me spending the night at their home. "I guess I could invite Alice over tonight," I said offhandedly, like it wasn't something that I wanted more than anything. Alice would tell me what was going on, something Edward never did. There were no secrets between her and I. "I don't think she has anything to do." "Two teenage girls alone?" Charlie's tone told me that it wouldn't fly. "I don't think so—what about Billy's? You haven't been there in awhile, and I know Jake would love to see you." Oh…so that's what this is about. "Dad, I don't think that would work," I responded, chagrined, and pushed away from the table. "Oh, come on," Charlie responded as I cleaned up my dishes and grabbed my backpack. He touched my shoulder as I attempted to push past him, and I stopped. "Jake's going through a tough time right now—something I think you can relate to. Don't you think you owe it to him to make an effort?" "I think you're a little out the loop," I answered and shook my head. "I have been trying to make an effort…remember? The notes?" "But you stopped," Charlie pointed out. "Yeah, because I wasn't getting any response," I sighed and shrugged lightly, not really appreciating the direction this conversation had taken. I get that he didn't trust Edward, and even acknowledged that he had a good reason not to. However, I'd made it perfectly clear that I wasn't interested in Jake, so why did he continue to push? "Look, I'm going upstairs—do you want me to stay at the Cullens or stay here alone?" I was driving a hard bargain, and I knew it. However, I was sick and tired of his underhanded tactics to get Jake back in my life. My former best friend had made it abundantly clear that he was not interested in being friends. So, I had done my best to cut him off. As Charlie acquiesced to whatever decision I made, I headed upstairs and threw my worn out body on my bed. The exhaustive numbness spread through my appendages like a wild fire, and my eyes began to flutter. Not only was I physically tired, I was spent mentally and emotionally, as well. I loved Edward, which was never up for consideration, but sometimes I disliked the inequality in our relationship. Trying to get him to include me was like trying to squeeze blood from a stone at times—it was impossible. True, he had gotten much better than before—but I still wished that he saw me as an equal…that he trusted me enough. As I lay back on my bed, I allowed my eyes to close and, after a few minutes, I fell into unconsciousness. **Author's Note: These chapters are not going through a beta. I do not need any comments telling me what I already know. This is your warning: these chapters are going to have punctuation and grammar mistakes… I'm really not trying to be rude, but I want to clarify what's to be expected from this story. I removed this story due to a plagiarism incident. I am now reposting it. :)