monstrosity?" "I think I have some sweats and a t-shirt that will fit you; after we eat, we can sit outside and talk while we burn the clothes." "Sounds like a plan," I said as we walked into the kitchen to heat up the lasagna before he ran up to his room to get some clothes for us. It didn't take him long to return with some sweats and a shirt for me. "Here you go, baby," he said, handing them to me. "Can you unzip this monstrosity?" He nodded, and I felt his fingers glide down my back to the zipper, where he pulled it down for me. "Thanks, I'll be right back," I said as I headed to the bathroom. He nodded as he started getting out plates for our dinner. Once inside the bathroom, I slipped the dress off, and let it fall on the floor. I looked at myself in the mirror, and smiled. My eyes looked bright, and actually had a twinkle in them. I'm actually proud of myself for once; I had finally stood up to Alice. I moved my fingers over the side of my neck where there was a small red mark from where Edward nipped at my skin during our little escapade at the reception. I'm very lucky to have found someone like Edward; he's perfect for me, and seems to love all of me. I am looking forward to seeing what the future holds for us. I quickly dressed in his sweats and t-shirt, and grabbed the dress from the floor, and walked out of the bathroom. I walked into the kitchen to see him waiting for me. He, too, is dressed in sweats and a shirt. "Where shall I put this?" I asked, holding up the dress. "By the door; we'll burn them after dinner." I sat down next to him, and he took my hand in his, and held it as we started eating. "I cannot wait to see where this leads us, baby." "Me either," I said softly. "I'm so glad that you're MS90." "Me, too. It's kind of perfect, and, as soon as I saw you at the table at the rehearsal dinner, I felt some weird connection to you. When we started flirting with each other, I'll admit that I felt a little guilty about it, but I couldn't stop myself from being close to you." "Me either, baby. The more I talked with you, the closer I wanted to be to you. I felt the same connection and guilt. But, when I sent that message to MS this morning, and then heard your phone ping, I was shocked, yet happy it was you. I wasn't sure how to tell you, and then, once we got to the wedding, and all that happened, I just didn't get the chance to say anything." "It's fine; I like how it all worked out." "Me, too," he said as he finished eating. "Ready to go burn those hideous clothes?" "Definitely." BPOV One Year Later I was laying on a hammock next to Edward on a beach in Fiji. He brought me here for our honeymoon, and it has been glorious. I had my head on his chest as he looked at Facebook to catch up on any news that we have missed. "Anything new?" I asked as I lazily moved my fingers over his chest. "Um.. it looks like Rosalie and Emmett ran off to Vegas to get married, and Jessica is pregnant by the UPS man." "Are you serious?" "Yep, you can read it," he said as he held out his phone to me. "Wow, this has been a crazy year. We got married, Alice caught Jasper with three women, she found out about his BDSM clubs, and now they are getting a divorce." "Yeah, it has been a crazy year. I'm glad that I found you, we are happy, and so in love." "That we are. I hope that we are happy forever; I don't want anything like that to happen to us," I said softly. "That's not an option for us, because, if things ever got that bad for us, I'd fight for us. I'd never give up on you or our love." "Ever since I met you, I have found my strength to fight for us. Thank you for being the man who brings the best out of me." "You're welcome; she was always in there," he said as he placed his hand on my heart. "She just needed help coming out." I leaned up, and kissed him softly as he pulled me closer to him. "Are you ready to start our new life in New York?" he asked as he pulled away from me. "Yeah, I'm excited, and I want to work on my book. Maybe we can also work on adding to our family." "Really?" "Yes, I think we can try. I went off the shot about three months ago, like we talked about, and my doctor said it might take at least six to nine months for us to get pregnant." "Cool, we'll have fun practicing. I still can't believe you are writing a book about a Dominant Billionaire." Edward chuckled. "Why is it hard to believe? It's a very hot topic right now," I asked with a smirk. "Just don't have Jasper give you private instructions; I will take care of that." Edward said, with a wicked look in his eyes. "And what would you know about BDSM?" "Jasper was my friend for a long time, I may have picked up a few things along the way." "He did give us a very nice wedding gift. Do you want to go try some of it out?" I asked him. "Sure," he said as he got up and then helped me up, and we walked back to our villa. Hand and hand, the way it always will be. Who would have thought that online dreams to could lead to offline reality.