stopping to think if he'd wake or not, I called Emmett. It rang three times before a very groggy voice said, "Mphfello?" "Emmett?" His voice was so muffled that I had to make sure I had dialed the right number. "Is that you?" "Yeah," he confirmed and I could hear him groan. "What's up, Ally?" "I'm sorry for calling," I said and softened my voice, realizing that the stranger may have doubled back and be listening. "Could you do me a huge, amazing favor?" "Depends," Emmett said, yawning. "What is it?" "I'm at the tree house," I said meekly, feeling guilty for waking him up at three in the morning. "Is there any way you could pick me up and drive me home?" "The tree house?" His voice became a little clearer, and I could tell he was a little miffed. Emmett thought of me as his baby sister and had never liked the idea of me camping alone. There had been one occasion where he had camped in a tent a few yards away, after hearing about an escaped convict on the loose. He took no chances in regards to me. "Is everything all right?" "Um, kind of," I hedged, not wanting to divulge what I had seen. "I just think it's best if I head home—maybe try for another day." "How about with someone else next time?" Emmett suggested, clearly disapproving of me being there alone. However, as he sighed heavily, I could hear the squeak of his mattress as he got out of bed. "All right, I'll be there in about ten or fifteen minutes—don't leave the tree house until I get there, okay?" "Okay," I agreed, nodding. "Thanks, Emmett—I owe you one." "Don't worry about it," he said before disconnecting the line. I knew that if I was idle for too long I'd start getting nervous again. So, I immediately started packing up everything I'd brought with me. I had just thrown everything into my backpack when I heard Emmett's unmistakable grumbling from below. I giggled and listened to him. "I can't believe I'm marching through the forest at three in the morning," he griped and she could hear him start to climb the steps. "I'm glad she called but, damn. If she does this again, I'm going to set her tree house on fire." A knock came at the bottom of the tree house and I climbed down, shivering when I saw the spot where the man had been standing. I followed Emmett down the stairs after locking the door behind me, and we started through the woods. There was a road not far from where we were, and, after about five minutes of walking, we were climbing into Emmett's old jeep. "So," he said as we drove towards my house. "You've spent many nights out there before—what was different about tonight." I debated internally about whether or not to tell Emmett what I had seen. The town had pretty much written me off as a kook, and I couldn't stand the idea of my sister's boyfriend thinking the same about me. Even though I knew he was different, I couldn't bring down my wall enough to open up fully. "I don't know," I responded with a shrug. "I guess I just got spooked or something." "So, you're not going to tell me, then?" He grinned when I gave him a semi shocked look. "All right, keep your secrets, Ally—just know that I'm always here for you." "Thanks Emmy," I said and leaned my head on my broad shoulder. We stayed like that for the duration of our trip, and hugged each other when he dropped me off at my front door. Emmett was very protective over me, had been since the day we'd first met. Sometimes I wondered if it was odd that he felt a stronger bond with me than with Rose. It wasn't a sexual or romantic feeling whatsoever, but he did tend to look out for me more. According to him, Rosalie was a strong woman and capable of taking care of herself. Everyone was fast asleep when I got in, and I was able to slip up to my room without waking anyone. I briefly thought about checking in on Edward—especially when I noticed his bedside lamp was still on—and finding out what happened with him and Bella. However, I decided that was best saved for the next day and headed upstairs. My family's home was an ornate, three story house, which Esme, mom, had restored prior to Rosalie being born. Esme and Carlisle's room was on the first floor, Rosalie and Edward on the second, and me on the third floor. The third floor used to be the attic, however, when I had turned fourteen, I had wanted a larger space. So, Esme had commissioned to have the attic altered for her youngest daughter. The room was large, with a massive skylight—so I could sleep under the stars—as well as my own bathroom. After only a day or two of being up there, I had transformed it into my own personal haven. While I did have light fixtures, I preferred to light the space with discarded Christmas lights, and Bella had painted a mural on one of the walls for my sixteenth birthday. The mural was something I had drawn once; a collage of images I'd collected from my own dreams. Everyone had been skeptical, mainly because it was so bizarre and eclectic, but somehow I had known it would come out lovely, and so it did. In fact, Bella had taken a picture of it to use in her portfolio when applying to art school. I decided I'd unpack my backpack in the morning, and, after changing into a new set of pajamas, I curled up in my bed and fell asleep. That night, the only subject of my dreams was the strange man who had come with the lights. They were very good dreams. Author's Note: Repost.