I saw loyalty to their friend and the desire for revenge against the pack was strong. After all, Yanara was also their friend, and they were together as a coven for a very long time. When Laurent knew my motives, he thought it was absurd; given our species have so many beautiful women to choose from. Laurent knew that Tanya loved me, and had for many years. But I could not love her, nor wanted her for the moment. I had simply been waiting for the right one, and it was worth the wait because I met the best woman for me, Isabella Marie Swan. My Bella does not know it yet, but she and I are meant for each other; I am the man for her, not that dog. I was not going to explain to Laurent why I loved my Bella. When she is one of us, everyone would understand why I fell in love with this amazing woman. All would envy my luck, although that luck would be forced, because my partners would make her a vampire against her will. But I believed the end justified the means. Best of all, I could see in the mind of my three new members, plotting the best way to attack, destroy the Alpha and convert my Bella. I told them that we should plan our attack when we went to Forks. I wanted to go today; I could not resist being away from my love any longer. Besides, I knew she was with that dog and the jealousy was killing me. She would sleep in the house with the dog, would be in his arms, his heart melting by her smile, but this dog would enjoy very little time with her. But Laurent asked me if we could leave tomorrow; Irina wanted to spend a little more time with him. If we traveled tomorrow, we would be coming to Forks on Wednesday. That same day I would try to see Bella, because I could not stand being without her. So my mind was wandering when Tanya came to me. As always, she was flirting; I wanted her to leave me alone, to keep thinking about my love. But Tanya had other plans. "So you fell in love with a human, eh? She must be very special to make you want to turn her against her will—make her one of us. That, Edward, is very inhumane." "Don't worry, Tanya. I'm not human, remember? I'm a vampire." "But, Irina told me she is with another man, the Alpha of the pack that killed Yanara. And apparently, she is happy with this dog. Why not let her be happy with the man she chose? Why can't you see what you have in front of you and be happy with what I offer?" Tanya never wasted an opportunity. "See, Tanya, you and I have discussed this topic before. If previously I've declined your offer, why would I accept now that I have what I want? That leaves you out." After I said this, I regretted it, because Tanya, when injured, could be very insulting, and vindictive, even if it meant that she had to wait for her revenge. "True, that leaves me out. But don't you realize that she wants you out of her life? She is happy with her love, and you have no place in her heart. You can only have her bound to you as a vampire, when she doesn't want that and she doesn't want you. You know—you're so pathetic; you're the most selfish and despicable being. I don't know how Carlisle let you do that. Irina has not been able to convince Laurent to desist; she knows there is danger in what you proposed to them, because it won't be as you said. That man is the Alpha, and is the strongest of the wolf pack, and has defended a child of their tribe by himself before, and won. Imagine how he will defend his woman from danger. He will prefer to die rather than allow anything to happen to his Bella; you will never have her. Laurent still agrees, even so, knowing what Irina said him ... " This woman had angered me, and I could not continue listening to her taunts. She was nothing to reproach what I would do. Without even realizing what I was doing, I took her by her neck in my hands, and with grunts I said, "Enough is enough. You think that with everything you're saying will make me change my mind? Or have any regrets? That will never happen, Tanya, never. I am fully decided on what I am doing, so you and your sister had better not intervene; I will not stand for it. I came to offer a business proposition to Laurent and he accepted, and now we are partners. With his help my plans cannot fail. Although that dog is the Alpha and the strongest of the pack, he can never win against two experienced hunters. And now, I will not dwell on what I have proposed, even if Laurent does not help me, this woman will be mine, because I swear that if I do not get any help from anyone, I will do it by myself. Tanya, Listen to me, it is better that no one stand in the way of my happiness, because to do so, they will be sorry they were ever born." I was fighting for my happiness, and I did not regret anything and I would never regret what I have done or will do to have happiness with my Bella. I would allow no one to come between my woman and I, because I was able to destroy the one who tried it, no matter who they were, and that included my family. No one had better interfere ... if they wanted to live. Okay wolf girls, a long chapter. I hope you enjoyed. Let me know what you think.