brain knows that this should feel strange, that he's a stranger , but I've been seeing this man in my dreams for the last five years. There is nothing I want more than to have him close. Thankfully, the idea that he's real, and that he's finally here , is still enough to quiet the logical part of my brain. The bed shifts as he settles beside me, green eyes roaming every inch of my face, laying me bare with his burning gaze. Shaking his head, he brushes his thumb over the length of my cheekbone so softly I barely feel it. "I could have drawn you every day for the rest of my life and never gotten it right." Smiling, I lean into his hand, my skin warming head to toe at his touch. It feels comfortable and new and perfect—and wonderful. I sigh, and my body hums in appreciation, my mind reeling at the one million ways this might never have happened and at the crazy turn of events that led to it. "I'm Edward, by the way," he says with a chuckle. "Edward Cullen." "It's nice to finally meet you, Edward. I'm Bella. Although, you probably already know that." . . He stays well into the day, unable to leave, and me unable to let him go even though it's clear that he's exhausted. In the end, somewhere along the way, he succumbs to sleep, his head resting on the bed beside me, my hand tucked into both of his. I doze lightly, unable to sleep. The cracked ribs make it hard to breathe, and the broken leg prevents me from getting comfortable enough. But in reality, there's nothing I'd rather do less right now than sleep. With his head resting on his arms, Edward sleeps heavily, and I've never wished for a pencil and paper so much in my life. Instead, I trace a feather-light finger over the angles of a face I know so well, reveling in the fact that I can finally get them exactly right. I'm so lost in him, entranced by the dip of muscle at the corner of his jaw, that it's not until he sighs that I notice he's awake again. "Hello again." "Hey, you." His eyes slide shut a few more times while he dozes, his lips turning up at the corners as I pull my fingers through the hair above his ear. I'm not sure when it happens, but it's me that drifts off next, pulled under by lingering sedatives and exhaustion. For the first time in years, I sleep without dreaming, and it's deep and dark and restful. Minutes or hours later, I have no idea, something stirs me in my sleep, like something tugging at a memory, pulling it to the surface. Edward. The sun is setting, casting the room in a hazy gold glow, and there he is. Still there. Right beside me. The sound of scratching, of charcoal on paper, is the only sound in the room, and I'm dying to see what he's drawing. I watch him for a moment, heavy set brow pulled low over his eyes as he focuses on the sketchpad in his hands. "Any good?" Green eyes find mine, his face lights up, and I swear the sunlight streaming in through the window has nothing on him. "Not as good as the real thing, that's for sure." I grin, trying to keep the butterflies at bay. "Show me." Edward blushes, the tips of his ears stained pink, but turns the book to show me anyway. The girl in the picture is beautiful, all dark lines and soft features, and she's so pretty that it makes me blush to think that he sees me this way. I try to shift myself into a sitting position, but the pain in my ribs is so much I can barely do more than lift my head. In a heartbeat, Edward is there, hands cradling my head and lower back gently as he eases me up, positioning the pillows for comfort. This close, with his lips and mouth and those damn eyes so near to me, my head is clouded with his scent, with his presence, with him . The humming in my body sings in my ears, as if my whole being is calling to him. Like he can hear my soul calling for his, Edward pulls back just a little, enough for me to see the gold that flecks his irises—something I'd completely missed. Fire lights the space behind his eyes until they're so bright I almost look away. His soft hand brushes my hair from my face, and he leans in slowly. So slowly. Too slowly. I know he's hesitating, given that I'm bandaged like a mummy and incapacitated, but now that he's this close, the humming in my body feels like it's screaming. My body feels as though it's vibrating with the need to feel his lips on mine, to seal the connection. Pressing forward as much as I can, I finish the thought for him. The moment his lips touch mine, it feels like everything in the world is right. A space right in the center of my chest I never knew existed fills with heat and light and all at once, I feel complete. The feeling of rightness is so bone-deep that I know in an instant that I'll never kiss another man for as long as I live. He feels it too, his shoulders relaxing under my touch, his body melting into mine as much as he can without causing me discomfort. I don't know how long we stay like that. Hours, days, forever—I don't know, and I don't care. Suddenly, I feel like my future just opened up in front of me, cracked open like the earth split in two. The Connection sings between us, like two pieces of a whole put right again. No more visions, no more dreams, no more waiting. Just the future.