hiding something, but surely whatever Renee wanted to keep secret couldn't have been too obscene otherwise she wouldn't have hidden it in her own house. Isabella's small fingers wrapped around the cold, rusted door knob as she made her decision. She would just take a quick survey and then be on her merry way. She pushed the wooden door inward and found herself inside of an unexciting storage room. Finding a light switch on the wall, Isabella turned the lights on in the room so she could see. She was completely and utterly confused. There were paintings, drawings, and pictures lined along the walls. Tons of notebooks were scattered around the floor. A little, yellow tea-table that she did not remember playing with sat lonely against the wall with tons of other toys that she'd never seen. Isabella had been expecting to walk into a room of atrocious secrets and not a room filled with her lost childhood memories. She was completely disinterested with everything inside of the small room except for one painting in particular. She moved forward to pick it up and study it more closely. Messy bronzed hair... She ran her fingers along the fine masterpiece. Piercing green eyes... She smiled at the warmth. Kind smirking lips... Her heart tugged. He was so beautiful. Pale opaque skin... She hugged the picture to her chest. Youthful, beautiful, real... Isabella allowed herself to feel personal with the painting of the little boy. She could not hold onto it exactly, but she felt a tug of remembrance flicker inside of her somewhere. The boy looked oddly familiar but she couldn't remember if she'd actually known him or not. A hot moment of impatience sat with her. She was always mildly irritated that she couldn't remember anything but tonight it was too fucking inconvenient. She noticed that there were plenty of other paintings of the same boy. Had she painted them? She couldn't have. She had no skills in painting whatsoever and the paintings in this room were elaborately constructed by someone with passion. It just couldn't have been Isabella but if not her...who else? She knelt down and picked up one of the old notebooks. Maybe she'd written about the familiar boy. She opened the book, struggling a bit to read her formerly messy handwriting. May 2, 1994 I am Isabella Swan, I am seven years old My mother does not believe me when I say that I have a best friend named Edward. How can she not take my word for this when he is so clearly visible to me? In fact, he is sitting right next to me as I write this. He has a kind smirk on his lips at the moment. His eyes are piercing and green as he reads what I am writing. His hair is messy and weirdly bronzed. His skin is so pale and smooth. I want to run my fingers against it. I am kind of worried that my mother will make me stop being Edward's friend. She always gets upset whenever I try to mention him. Edward tells me that it doesn't matter that she does not believe me. He says that as long as I never start to forget him that he will always be here with me. Isabella closed her old notebook forcefully. Her eyes widened into enormous brown ovals as a trickle of hard realization hit her. A slither of her erased memory seemed to crashed into her out of the blue, as if her silly childhood writings had invited their arrival. It was an overwhelming sensation. Recollections of things she found impossible began to swarm her mind viciously. She looked down at the painting once more. She could say that she remembered that boy somehow. She remembered him just enough to recall spending an enormous amount of her childhood with him. "Edward?" She whispered to herself quietly, his name felt oddly eerie slipping from her tongue. She could remember him. She could remember sitting at that tea table and drinking fake tea together. She could remember the warmth his smile could bring her and the chill that his touch always gave her. He was real. He always had been real. "It's about time." Said a haunting voice, smooth with decadence and branded something bitter. Isabella just about just about jumped out of her skin at the sound of it. She let out a yelp of surprise for she had not expected an intrusion and she turned quite ungracefully to face her invader. When her fearful eyes landed on a boy about her age leaning against the door frame to the little room, her jaw just about dropped onto the floor. "E...Edward?" She asked shakily. Fear encompassed her entire body as she studied the attractive boy. He was definitely not the little boy he'd been on the painting anymore. Of course with age he'd gotten considerably taller. His body stature was lean but slightly toned. He boasted strength but not in a conspicuous way. His face was all precise sharp, cuts, and angles. There was unabashed youth still inside of the dimple within his chin. His eyes were the mesmerizing green as before but somehow darker with emotion. There were deep purple shadows beneath his eye as if he'd missed out on years of sleep. His skin was was so pleasantly milky-white that she longed to touch it. Though the slow curl of his lips advised her otherwise. There was no longer a kind smirk waiting there for her. In fact, the smirk on his lips was nothing of kindness. He was sinister and dark, his wispy hair falling freely into the midst of his magnetic eyes. "This can't be happening to me." Isabella took a moment to question her sanity. "Beautiful girl." Isabella's eyes widened once more. Actually hearing the sound of his voice made this all the more real. His voice was the phantom father of all that was frightening and beautiful. "Did you miss me?"