and the rest of the guards and the wolves all stood on either sides of the room which had been decorated and switched about for the ceremony. Caius stood with Athenodora on the bride's side, and all the guards minus a few close to Valentina stood on my side with the wolves. The music began to play, and at the end of the room the doors opened to reveal the bridesmaids coming with the groomsmen. Ness walked down with Jacob, who had a little too much cologne on but it wasn't too bad and it masked his wolf scent. After them going halfway Jane walked with Alec, and a third ways down Renata went down with Santiago, my sparring partner. We had good fights here and now, but after I met Valentina I had lost my edge to fight, though we had a few good runs. Right after the music changed to 'Here Comes the Bride', my lovely Valentina appeared on her father's arm and began to slowly walk down the aisle. She shined like a true angel; her beauty had enhanced itself in that gown. I had to admit Heidi did great work, the woman certainly had taste. The whole place was decorated in red and white, roses and ribbons everywhere just how Valentina wanted it. We had a huge wedding cake and champagne, but we'd only eat a couple of pieces before the wolves would get any. God knows they'd devour that thing in minutes. As soon as they reached me, Aro lifted Valentina's veil to reveal her face and kissed her forehead. She took my arm, and passed her bouquet of white roses to Ness. Marcus cleared his throat, and began the ceremony. "We are gathered together on this beautiful afternoon to share with Valentina and Trystan as they exchange vows of their everlasting love. Who gives this woman to this man?" "Her mother and I do." Aro said before he went to stand by Sulpicia. "At this time, I'll ask you, Trystan, and you, Valentina, to face each other & take each other's hands." we did so. "Trystan, will you take Valentina to be your wife, your partner in life and your one true love? Will you cherish her friendship and love her today, tomorrow and forever? Will you trust and honor her, laugh with her and cry with her? Will you be faithful through good times and bad, in sickness and in health as long as you both shall live?" I didn't have to even hesitate. "I will." he then turned to Valentina. "Valentina, will you take Trystan to be your husband, your partner in life and your one true love? Will you cherish his friendship and love him today, tomorrow and forever? Will you trust and honor him, laugh with him and cry with him? Will you be faithful through good times and bad, in sickness and in health as long as you both shall live?" "I will." she smiled so beautifully; damn I love this woman. "If there is anyone who objects to this union; please speak now or forever hold your peace." I made a silent prayer that no one would, and after a few seconds mere silence was heard. "Now, before we have the rings, the couple has decided to give vows of their own to each other." he stepped back as I took Valentina's hands in my own. "Trystan, you are without a doubt the most breathtaking man to ever walk this earth. You have shown me so much more love than I thought was possible, you accept me for me, just as I do for you. I admit, when we first met I thought you were…an oddball…" everyone laughed, even me. "But you are so much more than that, you're the love of my life, my heart, and everything I could ever want in a man. It's on this day in front of all these people that I take you to be my husband and I promise I will do all I can to make you happy." "Valentina, the only thing in the world that could ever make me happy is if you were happy. If you need me by your side I shall always be there, because all my life I have never loved someone as much as I love you. I once thought that love wasn't possible, but after I met you, and I had Ness, I knew love must exist. You are my shining jewel, and I will protect you from anything or anyone who would cause you harm. I will forever be with you, now and always. I love you." she had tears in her eyes. "After hearing those words, there is nothing more to be said." Marcus smiled. "By the power vested in me, I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride." I took Valentina's face in my hands, and kissed her sweet lips. "I love you Trystan." she hugged me around my neck as I embraced her around the waist. Everyone clapped and cheered for us, and I knew now that with Valentina at my side, and with the love of my brothers and sister, I would have all that I ever wanted. Unknown to myself though, the next greatest thing to ever happen to me would come soon. Alrighty, this is only the first part. The sequel will be up in maybe two weeks & it could be either just as long as this or longer. I understand it may have a few gaps, but again this is a oneshot and Trystan pretty much explained what his life was like as a child. The Cullens, are they finished? Will they appear in the sequel? Fear not it will be up as soon as I get it finished. Partial credit will go to MsBitaBoo again though my sequel is going to be a little different from hers. You should check out her fics too, they're really good. R&R Later!