head from under her moist eyelashes and she moved a hand between their bodies. She touched herself, but, feeling the velvet skin of Edward's erection brush the back of her hand, she turned it and enveloped his length. Edward's head popped up from her chest, but she spoke before words could spill from his mouth. "Now, Edward. Fuck me now." Edward's lustful eyes lowering towards her were the last things Bella saw before hers fluttered shut. His mouth closed on her once more. His fingers were at her slit and he tested her readiness. One finger, another, and then a third stretched her wide, and she shifted her hips to find the most comfortable angle. Edward's other hand cupped her hip, his fingers brushing her spine, as he helped to position her. He removed his fingers, but he was there himself before she could finish her moan of protest. His thumb returned to her clit and pulsed a short, firm pressure against it that made her hips buck. He moved his hips to counter her thrusts and began to press into her. He drew in and out with each press of his thumb, deeper each time until his inner thighs pressed tight against her own. And then he began to fuck her in earnest. "Jesus fucking Christ!" Bella screamed to the summer sky as the water rocked around her. She'd never considered herself religious, but she felt like she was in the middle of a conversion. Her entire consciousness seemed focused on the small place between her legs that Edward caressed as he pushed into her again and again. Edward muttered as he flexed above her. Words like 'God,' 'fuck,' and 'Bella' were jumbled in new and exciting ways. If the world came to an end right now, he'd be happy. If he was able to do this until the world's end, he'd be ecstatic. But then the moment would change, grow, adapt. Bella would find a new way to shudder his name. Her legs would tighten a bit more. The angle would change as one of them shifted. And then he'd think that this was it, the perfect moment, the one to save; only not, because another would take its place, becoming better in a different way. Bella arched again and she pulsed around him. A bead of sweat ran down his forehead as he manipulated her clit to try to extend her climax. Her body relaxed back in the water, against the pool wall and she gazed worshipfully up at him. "Damn!" She exclaimed before rejoining his rhythm. She pulled his hand from between them, allowing even deeper penetration and focused on maintaining that tilt of her hip that made him gasp each time he plunged into her. Soon, he was making no sound at all beyond a tortured breathing. His mouth had fallen open and his eyes were glazed with pleasure. With a final buck, his legs shuddered and then gave out completely as he pulled out of her. Bella caught his body to hers, wrapping her arms and legs around his buoyant form. His head collapsed on her upper chest but he managed to make one demand of his body, hugging her tightly against him. The pool water stopped sloshing, and returned to gentle waves. Bella glided fingers up and down Edward's back as one minute dragged onto two, and then three. Edward continued to drift boneless, clinging to her. "Edward?" He grunted. "I don't think you have to be jealous of your pool anymore." He snickered in appreciation and mumbled, "Damn straight," snuggling his nose in her cleavage. A minute later, Bella tried again, "Edward?" He breathed 'tsk,' in response and snuggled deeper. "You going to move?" "Give me a reason." Bella looked down at his back and grimaced. "Well for one thing I was right about the sunscreen, white boy." Edward's back was developing a suspiciously pink glow, the white handprint where she had clung to him a few minutes ago was slowly changing to match the rest of his back. Edward pushed back slightly with a frown and stood on his own two legs. He felt the back of his shoulder with faint resignation. Then his eyes sparked as he looked hopefully at Bella, "Did I mention that fantasy works with both fragrant oils and aloe vera?" Bella's laughter rang out across backyard as she allowed Edward to help her climb out of the pool. Edward declared himself 'versatile' with a flair of his hands and began to walk towards the main house, casually at home with his nakedness. She grabbed her top from where she'd tossed it, and scanned the pool for her floating bikini bottoms. She saw Edward's jean shorts, a sodden pile at the base of one wall, and her sunglasses, lying mid-pool, but couldn't spot the other half of her suit until a flash of pink near the filter gate caught her eye. Edward spun around at her outraged gasp in time to see the pool filter gobble up the last of Bella's suit bottom. He decided he was actually very happy with his swimming pool. Bella turned to face him with arms akimbo, her top hanging like a forgotten flag down her leg. She startled as he leered at her, and quickly tried to cover herself. Edward took pity on her and grabbed a fluffy white towel from a nearby chair. Wrapping it snugly around her body, he tugged her towards the glass doors. "Forget about the missing bikini, Swan," he encouraged. "I need your help with something." Bella allowed herself to be cozened out of irritation and smiled up at him. "And what would that be, Cullen?" She followed him through the doors. "Well you see, something has been keeping me awake in bed at night…" The glass door swung shut as the couple disappeared into the shade of the house, leaving the gently lapping waters behind them. The filter gate gurgled once, and then was silent.