hadn't made sense but Piper hadn't cared - she liked the attention, it was a distraction. The talks, the laughter, the warmth ; it was exactly what she didn't know she'd needed at the time. "You're only hanging out with me because you have to?" It's not real. It's not real. It's not real. How could it be? Who would stick around for the shit-show that is Piper Biers life willingly ? "Stop it. Stop whatever you're thinking," Leah sounds frustrated. She looks like she wants to take a few steps forward and take Piper into her arms, but thankfully, refrains. Piper doesn't know what she'd do. "It's not like that with us. I've seen the way Sam fusses over Emily near constantly. I don't - I don't do that, okay? I know you can handle shit yourself. I don't obsess over your well-being like Jared, or feel the need to hover constantly like Quil - though that's another mind-fuck of a ballpark entirely - and the only real effect I've felt was when it pulled me to you initially. And I'm not going to pretend to be sorry for that, so wipe that mopey look off your face, alright?" "I don't," Piper swallows. "I don't like the idea of being forced on you. That's - this is actually insane! You're telling me that if you'd had the choice, we wouldn't be here right now, and you don't want me to feel responsible for it? Why aren't you angry?" If they'd never met, she'd still be miserable, her mother would still be killing herself slowly, and her father would be little more than a ghost. What is Leah getting out of this? NOTH ING "There's no legitimate reason for you to feel guilty," Jasper says calmly. "You had as little choice in the matter as she did." "For an empath," Leah replies, tone biting. "You've sure got a shitty, skewed view on how human emotion actually works." He gives her a shrewd glare, but somewhat miraculously, remains silent. "I was, at first. Angry. Really, really angry," comes the admission. "I had been hoping for so long to imprint on anyone, I didn't care who, just to get..." Leah's intense gaze meets her eyes intently, and Piper feels that shock-like jolt again. "Just to get over myself, okay? So, when I met you it felt like a cruel joke of cosmic proportions. This is what you wanted, isn't it? This is what you asked for? I tried staying away. I didn't want to get to know you, I thought you'd annoy me, or something, but I'd still feel attached like Quil with his Baby Alive fuckery. But you didn't. You weren't what I expected at all and getting to know you didn't feel like a chore at all, or like the universe was trying to force me into something inherently wrong; it felt right." Piper's body betrays her as it fills with that trademark Leah Clearwater sense of warmth. It washes over in waves. Her eyes flicker towards Jasper, suspiciously, but she knows that not even he is capable of this severity somehow. "You made everything better," she admits quietly. Leah quirks a half-smile at that. "Until now." The smile abruptly drops, and Piper's guilt does not outweigh her hurt. "I need time. To process, or something." She doesn't know how the hell she's going to be able to swallow the actuality of werewolves and vampires and whatever else might be crawling out there - but she'll try, she has to. She's got to figure this out, if not for herself, then for Riley. Human Riley, happy Riley; the one that was her little brother. "I'm not...I won't make you stay away if it's going to be painful. I just need to be with my thoughts for a bit." Leah nods, but Piper wasn't exactly asking for permission or approval. She nods back a little uncertainly. This...is necessary , she thinks, for her own sanity if nothing else. "I'm gonna...go," she jerks her head back towards her house which is just barely visible through the trees. "I guess, even though it really sucks, thanks for being honest at least?" Her crystal blue eyes find Jasper and she purses her lips into a thin line. "Your little party trick is neat and all but try it on me again and I'll summon my inner-Buffy." He smiles pleasantly at her, and tips an invisible hat in her direction. "Ma'am." As she walks back towards her house, she chances one last glance over her shoulder. She meets ember eyes and feels eternally grateful that, this , at least, doesn't feel like giving up. AN; This was gonna be a cute coffee shop AU sort of deal but I ruined it with my own shitty views on Imprinting ur welcome ╮(︶▽︶)╭ I just legitimately believe that Leah would be the only wolf capable of handling an Imprint rationally (after the initial denial & anger, obv) because of her situation. I wanted to play on the idea of the Imprintee "needing" something beyond a romantic partner or a babysitter (in this case, Piper needed closure regarding Riley, and she gets it even if it is a *bit* of a rude awakening.) This was supposed to end w/ a romantic sort of relationship when I started but I ended up deciding against it. It just felt too forced and that's the entire reason I dislike the Imprinting concept to begin with. But I couldn't help implying that *maybe* something could happen down the line, if they both decided to just go for it, I guess. Piper's gay as hell, and I don't think Leah gives much of a fuck either way. Jasper may have been a little (a lot) OOC. Other than that, I was trying to stay as closely in-character as possible, so feel free to let me know if I missed my mark. I don't know if I'll write for Twilight again but who knows