as surprised as she is. He knows she hates this, she realizes. So much that he thinks she'd take any chance to leave. She leaves before she shouts at him or tries to take it back. (It feels a little like she cut her own rope while hanging off a cliff.) . . . The third attempt never makes it off the ground. After one particularly Royce-like look from Edward, Rosalie showers furiously and begins to think. The nausea resurfaces, and she clutches at her stomach before retching uselessly. She cannot stay here any longer. She cannot. She's just started planning what she needs to bring, and how she can possibly sneak Emmett out while managing his bloodlust when Carlisle calls for her. She goes into his study again (she hadn't been back since the day he told her the truth) and says, What? Oh, nothing, he says, with that damn smile . Then he touches her, and she no longer remembers her plans. She goes back into her room twenty minutes later and stares quizzically at the jewelry strewn over her bed. What on earth was that there for? She shrugs and puts it all away. (Half an hour ago, Rosalie could've told you that she was going to sell them to raise funds for their escape. But half an hour ago Rosalie isn't there anymore, is she?) . . . Rosalie is selfish. Oh yes, she recognizes that. How could she not, after living with herself for this long? She is selfish. She does not run. She tried twice, but made only cursory efforts. So she just stays and lives off the Cullens though she despises them and their ill-gotten gains. She still contemplates leaving, sometimes. She can resist human blood without difficulty by now. But Emmett's control is still poor and it is not safe for them to live in places full of humans. She herself has no marketable skills. That is, except for beauty. But the thought of marketing that as a commodity, inviting people to look at her for her looks and nothing more, makes her want to vomit the food she's now accepted she can't eat. A lot of things in this life seem to do that to her. So she sits and waits and prays and hopes. Hopes that one day, she'll find a way out of this parasitic life, and then she can begin to truly earn forgiveness for her sins. . . . Rosalie likes cars. Not riding them, though she does enjoy that. It's working on them that she loves, taking them apart and putting them back together. Yes, it makes her dirty, but it's a good kind of dirt. Real, solid, something that can be washed away in her many showers. Something that gives her good reason to shower, in fact. There are a lot of other reasons she likes fixing cars. For one, it makes her feel in control, and she needs that in this chaotic world, when she's permanently trapped in the mindset of a girl who spent her last moments subject to other people's control. Still is under others' control. Also, car engines are complex and they have to be fixed carefully. It makes her feel accomplished. It is very unfeminine. It's the exact opposite of what Royce wanted out of her. She realizes she shouldn't let him dictate her preferences, but she doesn't really care. . . . Rosalie is still the only one in the Cullen coven (if she can even be called a member) who has entirely abstained from human blood. Other vampires think her willpower is inhumane (she isn't human, it's true), but it's very simple. She has two reasons. The first is the best: she refuses to be a monster. Those are people. She will not take them away from their families. She will not make them victims. She knows the feeling all too well. The other is pettier. She hates the thought of becoming like the Cullens. She hates their emptiness, their true apathy to anyone who isn't them, their veneer of kindness so easily worn thin. So she refuses to sink to their level. She refuses to be someone who will discard her claimed moral principles as soon as it becomes a little inconvenient. . . . Dear Lord in Heaven please save Emmett heal my broken spirit. Thou art my shepherd so I may lie in green pastures thou restoreth me and though I live in the valley of the shadow of death I shall fear no evil so please protect us guide me. Forgive me. . . . Rosalie hates her life. Emmett is still the only bearable part about it. He's getting better at control, slowly, and she prays someday it'll be enough for them to survive in society. He'll be her crutch whenever she falls and she'll make sure he doesn't kill anyone and take care of him like she always does. It'll be good. Not perfect, but Royce and Carlisle took that option away. Her only hope of survival is still to run. And she wants to so desperately. She wants to run to the other side of the world, flee this mess of a life with Emmett, but Carlisle can always tell and he wipes away the thoughts with his clean touch (cold, so cold) every time. And slowly, little by little, Rosalie Hale begins to slip away. Both the canon Cullens and the ones in this fic deserve a thousand vases thrown at them, and a whole lot more. This stops just as Rosalie is losing her original personality, and my idea of how they finished the job . . . is not pleasant. If you have any questions, you can always just ask on my Tumblr. Link's in my profile. In fact, please ask there so the answer is public, and I don't say the same thing twice. I'm also posting extra info there, and accepting drabble requests, for the interested.