until I felt warm, protected, safe. The feverish way Edward kissed slowed down as moments went by until eventually after I'd forgotten my own name, he stopped and pulled away so slowly I thought he was still there. He looked me with a mixture of relief and lust. I had no idea how I looked back at him. All I could feel was...amazed. Amazed, that I, Bella Swan, had kissed a vampire. Amazed that a vampire had kissed me. Amazed that I had liked it. Maybe that was what was written on my face because he smiled before leaning toward me again. That night was perhaps the best I'd ever experienced. I'd confessed my love for Edward and his for me. He kissed every surface of my body. I kissed every surface of his body. We made love in the purest form... "Bella," I looked up to see Edward staring down at me with a smile, my husband holding onto the handles of my suitcases along with me. I let them both go and he put them down behind his feet before embracing me. "I'm sorry...about Charlie." The mere mention of his name crumbled my resolve and I stood there bawling like a child. Three months after that night, we ran away to elope in Paris, knowing noone would allow a witch and a vampire to be happy together. Seth came with us as a witness and it made that day the next best of my life. Two weeks later, a nomad passing through caught us both off guard and bit me. Edward had killed the vampire,but by then it was too late; the venom had already made it's way into my bloodstream. Noone had ever heard of a witch becoming a vampire, which made the likelyhood of my survival that more slight. But I survived. Two days of blistering fire and agony while my husband held my hand and I was a vampire. The first year was bareable; though I was new to the lifestyle, I was able to control my thirst and still have Seth in my life. But after three years I became miserable without the rest of my family. Edward saw my pain and drove me back to Forks to see my mother and father. But when I came back, I wish I hadn't. The look of utter horror and hatred from my own father etched itself into my very core. He hated me, for marrying the enemy, for bringing Seth along with me to witness such an 'abomination' and worst of all, for becoming the very thing I used to slaughter. He took one glance at my golden eyes and pale skin and looked ready to puke at what he saw. He'd called me the worst kind of traitor and I watched as my mother said nothing to defend me. All I saw in her face was grief for losing a daughter. I left afterward, right into Edward's arms to cry tearless sobs. I didn't know until after that day the horrors of what my father did next. Renee and Charlie argued over Seth's well-being; Renee thought it best for him to come back home, and Charlie thought Seth as a trader for doing nothing to stop the wedding and deemed him banished from coming back ever again. He stabbed my mother in her heart. He put a pistol to his mouth and pulled the trigger. I found out two days later and left immediately to be here, home in Forks. A note was taped to my bedroom door: Isabella, I never wrote this note to apologize for my allegations; you know well enough to never apologize to the enemy. I wrote this only to tell you to take care of Seth. The boy is only a child and even though you will most likely change him into the disgusting being you've become, I trust that you will keep him from killing anything with a heartbeat. By the time, you've read this, your mother and I will have already left this earth, which means that there is none left to protect Forks. Don't concern yourself with our deaths, they are a blessing in comparison to what this town will suffer through within the next two days. Charlie I felt disgusted that Charlie really believed I was nothing to him after all this time. I felt shame for disapointing him, but most of all I felt hurt. They would've perferred my death to the walking blood-sucking monster that was their daughter. I sobbed heavily in Edward's arms for what felt like years before I finally calmed down. After all, I wasn't saddenned by their deaths, more by how they chose to die. Edward watched my face as I managed to finally myself back together. "Are you ready to go, love?" I nodded slowly and he bend down slightly pick up the suitcases before leading me outside. Half down the driveway, I stopped and turned around to face the house. Edward's steps faltered behind me but I shook my head. "Just give me a second." I whispered since he could still hear me from ten yards away. I reached into my backpocket, fumbling slightly, before finding what I was looking for. I could feel Edward's gaze on my figure as I lit my last match and tossed it onto the front porch. The flames licked the surface of the house quickly thanks to the gasoline I'd poured over it earlier. Edward's hand slid delicately in mine as we watched the flames grow larger and travel into the house and I smiled at him in gratitude for let me make this decision. "Are you sure that was a good idea, love? What if you decide you want to come back here someday?" His smooth velvet voice drifted silently through the air and my face broke out into the biggest smile. We pretended the dead bodies of my parents weren't still in the house as I answered: "I won't."