he sorry for? "What for, Edward?" I asked in whisper, my voice cracking with emotion. I didn't hug him back. I simply kept my arms at my sides afraid that I might do something he doesn't like, something that would prevent me from enjoying a few more seconds with him here. The last thing I wanted to do is scare him away. After all this time, I always hoped I would find him somewhere, but at the same time I didn't. He raised his head slowly and when I saw his face there was even more pain than before, if that were even possible. "I'm sorry for lying, Bella. You didn't deserve that, but it was the only way you would have a normal life" he said, his eyes shining with emotion that was also laced with his words. I still had trouble believing that this was real. But then something he said hit me "it was the only way you would have a normal life." So part of having a normal life was getting your heart broken and your soul taken away? "You already said you were sorry, Edward" I said his name even though it burned my throat "you said that back in the forest." "I lied, Bella, I'm so, so sorry" he repeated. "I know you did, Edward. You left that clear that day." "I lied, everything I said that day was a lie. The worse lie I've ever said in all my existence. That's why I'm sorry. For saying that I didn't love when that wasn't and still isn't true." I was beyond shocked. This couldn't be happening. It was just another cruel trick my mind was playing on me. He had been convinced about what he was saying when he spoke to me that day, I could see it in his cold eyes when they had been glaring at me –as if trying to force me to understand that I was no longer wanted. "You're lying" "I swear that everything I just said was true. That day, I had to leave you, Bella. You had to be able to live a normal, happy, human life without any interference from my kind, like it should be. I lied because I knew you weren't going to let me leave any other way, and you believed me so easily, that was heartbreaking. After all the times I said that I loved you, I thought that I would take hours to convince you knowing how stubborn you are, but it only took me minutes. The most painful minutes of my life." I couldn't say anything. I couldn't move. "After I left you I became a wreck, my family all missed you even Rosalie -an emotionless smile crossed his lips- after eleven months of being alone Alice and Emmett finally dragged me back from Brazil to reunite with the rest of the family but I didn't care. I was as if I were disconnected from my body, my mind racing wondering if you were okay, if you ever got over me. "Alice didn't give me a choice and signed me up here. And I tried for my family's sake to at least be a little like I used to be. But I still couldn't be around them much so I asked Alice to get me a dorm only for myself and she did. I just came today; they helped me put all of my things away and left. I was left with nothing to do so I tried to walk along the campus but then I heard your lullaby. At first I thought I had gone insane but I followed the sound, after that I heard a beautiful voice singing and I would recognize it anywhere. I literally ran here and when I finally did get here I felt as if everything that was missing went back into place, I felt like I was alive again instead of being dragged by time. Then I actually heard the lyrics of the song and I started feeling hurt. I was so ashamed about what I had caused and I was ready to leave but instead of heading towards the door, I headed to the bench were you were sitting, then you got up and tripped I simply acted out of reflex, trying to protect you like always. "I needed to tell you the truth Bella. I am sorry, for everything. And if I could turn back time I would because what I did is not worth all the pain." He became silent after that. My brain was still trying to process his words, they were just too much. "I know it would be hard and I don't expect you to but I have to ask, do you want me to stay? Do you still want me, even after what I did?" I didn't have to think of it. I launched myself into his arms and kissed him. He was surprised at first but quickly started to kiss me back. This was all too good to be true. "I love you Bella and if it takes me forever to prove it to you I don't mind trying." "I want to be forever with you" "I love you, Bella" he repeated, making my heart swell now that it was back in its rightful place. "I love you too, Edward." I said, a smile coating my lips. And for the first time in a year, it was genuine. Ok, so for the newbies: Hi, I'm Anna, and this is my second attempt at this story. I'll be updating every couple of days or so, since part of the story is already written and just needs some major editing. The original story was a one-shot, which was then turned to a longer story. The problem with that was that my 13-year-old self was a pretty sucky writer. So this is take two, in hopes that I've gotten slightly better at this. See y'all next chapter! -Anna