to her. One million, no strings except for the ones you're required to cut. What do you say, Liam?" The softest whimper squeaks out from beside him, and I almost lose my hold on control. Is Bella upset at my offer? Does she still dislike me, and is that affecting her decision? Would she really rather stay with a man who almost certainly hits her than let me help her? Am I making a serious mistake? No . I can't let these thoughts distract me. I have to believe that I'm doing the right thing by her. I have to see this through. "I want it in cash," Liam blurts out. "You give me a million in cash, she's yours. But not until I get the money." "Well, I certainly don't have that much on me now," I chuckle. "You'll get it on Monday when the banks open. I want her tonight, though." "No, not until I get the money," he repeats stubbornly. Sighing, I pull out my wallet and withdraw all the bills inside. "This is just over a thousand, which was my offer for one night. Consider it a down payment." Liam stares at it for several seconds, then shakes his head. "That's not enough of a guarantee that'll I get the rest." Drawing myself to full height, I level an icy glare at him. "My word is all the guarantee you need." After holding his glance for a long, tense moment, I then move forward with the proposal I'd intended all along. "Well, you're quite the tough customer, aren't you?" I grace him with an insolent smirk as I remove my watch. "Rolex Daytona Cosmograph in platinum with eleven baguette diamonds. It'll clear fifty thousand, easy. You can hold onto it as collateral. Even if you never heard from me again, that's a decent chunk of change. But as I said, I'm a man of my word. And I really dislike loose ends. You'll get your money." The watch swings lazily on my finger from its band. "Take or leave it. I'm finished here." His answer comes immediately. "Deal," he says, snatching the piece from me. "Liam, no!" The hands that clutch at his arm unknowing slash a knife across my heart. "Don't touch me," he hisses, wrenching away from her. Tears stream down her cheeks. "B-but...you said...I thought...I thought you l-loved me…" Liam sneers at her anguish. "Yeah, about that...you really haven't figured out by now that I've been lying all these years to get access to your dad's insurance money? Damn, you're stupider than I thought." He shakes his head in disgust. "Oh, and by the way, you know how I told you I'd take care of the mortgage payments? Sorry to break it to you, but the house is going up for auction next month." "Not the house!" she gasps. "You know how much that means to me. It's...it's all I have left of him…" Her lunge forward might be nothing more than a desperate attempt to grovel at his feet, but he doesn't care. With a heavy swing of his hand, he smacks her across the face. "I told you not to touch me, bitch! You never listen, do you?" This time, I can't hold back. Putting all my rage behind my fist, I drive it into his jaw. My left hand comes up to repeat the action on the other side. Liam staggers backward and then falls to the ground, dazed. "Dammit, Edward!" Kate curses behind me. She's going to give me hell later, for sure. Acting quickly, I roll the large man over to dig his wallet out of his pocket. After snapping a picture of his license, I tuck the thousand dollars inside and toss the wallet on the ground as he groggily attempts to push himself into a sitting position. "That's a warning, Mr. Riley ," I say, stressing the last name that I've just learned. "Stay away from Bella. If you ever lay another finger on her, I'll make sure you're a lot more sorry about it than you are now." I turn to the woman who has motivated all my actions for the past two hours. She's shaking violently as she stares down at the struggling figure by my feet. Even in the muted light of the parking lot, I can see the redness blooming across her cheek. "Bella, would you please come with us?" I ask softly. "I'm not going to make you—I'd never do that—but I'd really like to put a little distance between you and him. After that, we can talk about what you want to do next." Holding my breath, I reach out a hand to her and hope like hell she takes it. Liam is starting to get his wits back, and I'd rather not be anywhere near him when he does. The world stops existing as Bella lifts her wet eyes to look at me. She studies my face with an unfathomable expression. "Bella?" I whisper, my fingers stretching toward her. "Take a chance on me. I won't let you down... please? " Another endless moment passes, and then, ever so slowly, she lays her hand in mine. I close my eyes, taking time we don't have to savor the moment. The most perfect warmth spreads from where we touch and radiates throughout my entire body. For this feeling alone, it was all worth it. Everything I went through in high school, the grueling ten years that followed...none of it matters now. Nothing matters except the incredible joy of holding her delicate hand in mine. The three of us walk away from the scene, away from Liam, and toward my car—toward an uncertain future. I don't for a minute imagine that the road ahead will be easy or lead to assured happiness, but I'm so thankful that we have the opportunity to explore it. Bella and I have been given second chances. Now we have to make the most of them.