hurt." Cam said with a shaky voice. Jaime went over to them to examine the dog. I couldn't move. The only thing I could register was the dead body and the gun on the floor. "How did you know where the gun was?" I asked her. "I had a feeling." She told me in a whisper. "Yea but how did you know to pick up that book?" I continued. She shook her head at me. "This doesn't matter. My father is dead and Nala is hurt. What are we going to do?" She asked Jaime and started crying. I went over to her and I took her in my arms before I looked at Jaime too. He looked into my eyes and shook his head. He didn't know either. Our 12 year old sister just killed her father. Jaime walked over to the table and took the gun. He wiped it down. "That will only get out the fingerprints, not the DNA. We need a PCR inhibitor like the stuff they use for pools." Cam said. She was gifted so it didn't surprise me that she knew this stuff. "We have a pool so there should be supplies in the shed. Do you know what you're looking for?" He asked her. Cam nodded. I just looked at them horrified. "What the hell are you two thinking? We clean the gun and then what? He's still dead. When he doesn't show up for work on Monday they'll come after us." I told them. We all looked at the dead body. I felt bad for him. He was always a miserable man but he was my father's brother. Cam looked at him with so much pain that it hurt me to see her. "We can tell them it was a burglary." I quickly suggested. "That won't match the evidence and I am not letting them send our sister to juvi. We're cleaning the gun, erasing all traces of our dna before we put the damn thing back where it was and then we are leaving. They can think he went into a drunken rage and we left. For all they know someone else shot him." He said. "Do you think anyone is going to believe that story after they see your face and find your blood on the floor?" I asked him. "We'll use the PCR inhibitor. It will be suspicious but they will probably think that the thief was getting rid of his DNA. they can't prove it was us." He said. "What about your face? What about Nala? How do we explain that?" I asked him. "I'll do what I can for Nala and me here with the first aid kit. He had a really good one in the garage so we may not need professional help. For now the most important thing is to get as far away from the crime scene as possible and fix the scene to our advantage before we go. If they find, we'll tell them we left before this happened. If they find us, we can say that we were running away from his violent tempers but that he was alive when we left." Jaime told me. "In that case we should just take the gun with us so that they can't find it. They can't trace the bullet to any of us if the gun doesn't exist." Cam said mechanically. She was still staring at the body. "I think they'll find it suspicious if his gun is missing." Jaime said. "I don't think this gun is registered to him. Its not his gun." Cam said. "What makes you say that?" I asked her. She finally looked away from him to the book I was holding. "It was in mommy's favorite book, see." She showed us the title on the old book cover. Wuthering Heights . "Make's sense. Aunt Lee always liked the old school stuff. This gun is ancient. Its probably not registered to her either." Jaime commented. "No. It would have shown up on the list of assess if it was registered to her. It looks like a 2012 standard glock. Its an antique. Usually cops had these so maybe it was an heirloom." Cam said. "So what are we going to do? They can track the car anywhere we go." I reminded them. "Dad has the old Chevy truck in the garage. I saw it the other day when I went to see Nala. It will call attention to us in the big cities but it can't be traced." Cam told us. "Why the hell does he have that? Aunt Leanna said that was like an old family heirloom or hers." I said confused. "She left here without anything. Like she was running away. I bet you he was beating her." Jack said. I looked at him and he realized what he just said. We both looked at Cam to make sure she was ok but she seemed unaffected by his implication. "Do you think it still runs?" I asked her, trying to change the subject. "It'll run. No one will think anything of it and I bet the license plate can't be traced either so its our only chance." She told us. "We're leaving tonight. We need to make it look like we are fleeing. Nobody knows what stuff we brought with us so go get some clothes. Don't take too much that they would suspect we're intentionally running away. One pair of jeans, a couple of shirts and underwear, we're not on vacation here. We have to make it look like we left in a hurry, in case they do find us." Jaime told us. Cam looked at her father one more time and nodded. As she looked at him she saw something. Her eyes glazed over again. "You ok?" I asked her. "I just thought I saw something weird. Impossible." She said. She was shaking again. I took her hand and we went upstairs to get out stuff.