if you can hear me." Aro said. I squeezed as best as I could. I knew that my strength was failing. "Shh, save your strength." Aro said. "Send for him." I whispered. "Alright." He said. He kissed my forehead and walked out. Caius walked in and sat next to me. "What did you want to tell me?" He asked. I reached for the remote and I played the song "Can you feel the Love tonight from the Lion King. "This is what you wanted to tell me?" He asked. I nodded my head slightly. I felt my strength failing. I knew it would be my time soon. But I felt a holy presence in the room. And a voice said, "Daughter, you are well. Live and love your mate." I felt a quick pain and I could move my fingers. I laughed. I looked down to see Caius weeping. "Caius?" I said. He perked up; his eyes had venom running down his cheeks. I took his Kleenex and wiped his tears away. "It's me, love." I said. "Amoretta? Are you well?" "As well as can be expected." I said. Carlisle POV I walked in to see Amoretta in Caius's arms and knew that he had asked God on her behalf to heal her. "Amoretta, I will need to take a blood test to see if you are completely healed. She looked at Caius, not knowing if he was gonna be alright with the blood. "I'll be fine. I just hate seeing her in pain." She rolled her eyes and gave me her arm. I placed a Tourniquet on her arm to see if any veins were good enough. There was a good one. I grabbed a needle and place a container on it so that it would catch the blood. All I needed was one container. I looked up and saw Caius holding her hand and talking sweet nothings to her. I smiled. I knew that those two were gonna be fine. "Caius? I talked to and he said that he will have your divorce in a matter of days." I said. "Amoretta will be pleased. I plan on making her my wife as soon as possible." Caius POV Carlisle was right. J. Jenks did have my divorce from Athenodora. I signed it and sent it to her so that we could move Amoretta's belongings into my rooms once we got back to Volterra. I was looking forward to finally having Amoretta in my arms. Athenodora POV That little whelp! Thinks that she can love my husband? We'll just see about that. Edward POV That little whelp! Thinks that she can love my husband? Well, we'll just see about that. I showed Aro my mind. He left to take care of her. Amoretta POV Well, I was in remission, till the cancer comes back. In the meantime, I plan on loving Caius, and becoming his wife. I loved him so much that it hurt me to see him with his former wife. We were married when she signed the divorce papers. We invited our friends and family to celebrate our marriage. I introduced Paul to Eriana, Needless to say, they hit it off immediately. "Look at my cousin and Paul." I whispered to Caius. He looked in the direction of my cousin and Paul. "I think they're gonna be the next to get married." He said. "If you are wrong, you are sleeping on the couch for the next year." Jacob smiled when he heard that. "That will suck man." He said giving me a high-five. "Hey, I gotta do something to make my girl happy." He said. I rolled my eyes. He was such a kid when it came to Jacob. "Amoretta?" That was one voice I didn't want to hear. I turned around and saw Joe. "What are you doing here?" I asked. "I wanted to see if you wanted to get back together." "Guess again moron." I said sarcastically. "Here Paulie." I said. He walked up. "Can you take out the trash?" I asked nicely. "Will do." He said. He grabbed Joe by the collar. I waved bye. "And stay out." I heard Paul say. I giggled. We got back to dancing. I heard Cotton eye Joe, grabbed Eriana and we did the dance that I taught her as a kid. Caius caught on pretty quick. Jasper and Edward looked at us like we were nuts. Carlisle and Esme came out and I taught them as well. Pretty soon everyone joined in. 5 years later It felt good to be married to Caius. Eriana had gotten married six months after us. I smirked. Caius was so sleeping on the couch in our sitting room. Eriana had flown to Volterra to see me. "What's up Cuz?" I asked. "Paul and I are getting married in a few weeks and I want you to be my maid of honor. I looked at Caius. He realized that I had won the bet. I kissed him on the cheek. "Better get the couch ready for tonight." Aro smirked. "You know better than to bet against Amoretta." Caius flipped him off. Eriana and I busted out laughing. Marcus had a smile on his face. I could set him up with Ashley. He needs someone to love. I looked at Marcus and looked at Ashley. Caius raised an eye brow and smirked once he realized that I was trying to set Marcus up with someone because he had been alone for too long. I asked Aro for permission to set Marcus up with my sister. "Whatever you need to do to make Marcus happy." He said smiling. I knew that we were gonna be fine. My hair started growing back and before long it was the same length that it was before the Chemo treatment. Did you enjoy it? I hope you did! Read and Review! Much love, AB1536 Italian- Cara Mia-My dear, Mia Sorella- My sister, Amoretta- Little love, Zinara- Thistly plant