five, long dark brown hair, and she's incapable of walking a straight line without falling." He put the picture on the bar. "This is her. Her name's Bella Swan. She moved here about six months ago. It's important that I find her." As her name had left Emmett's lips, Dex's eyes had fallen to the picture in front of him, and at that moment, he was thankful for his ability to maintain a calm façade. He looked at the picture with as much indifference as he could muster and shrugged. "Sorry. I don't know anyone by that description." Well, it wasn't exactly a lie. Emmett cursed under his breath. "Do you know anyone who might know? We've been asking around and haven't found anything." "We?" Dex's interest piqued. "There are more of you?" Realizing his error, he tried to dig himself out of the hole he had created by amending his words with, "Just me and one of my brothers." Unfortunately, Dex could see right through Emmett's attempt to backtrack and it set him on edge. The last golden-eyed vampire that he had crossed had almost killed someone he cared deeply for, and as he inhaled deeply and tasted the scent of the leech in front of him, there was a slight similarity in their scents. Although it had been over 300 years since then, Dex could still recall the odor of his venom. It was a memory that would never fade away. It was irrelevant to even spare one thought toward that leech, though. If he hadn't turned up after three centuries, Dex was confident that he had be eliminated in one way or another. "I see," Dex answered after a long pause. "Well, unfortunately, I can't think of anyone who could, or for that matter, would help you. Generosity isn't common in these parts. And, speaking from experience, Emmett, this isn't the place to be asking about people who have disappeared. You'll find it's an easy way to find yourself in a fiery pit." Emmett put the picture away with a heavy sigh. "I was afraid of that. Well, I appreciate your time. Thanks, man." There was something about the disillusioned Emmett that struck a chord with Dex. He had never cared for leeches, even the ones that they had developed a rapport with, but this one was different. He wrote it off internally, though, and returned to the task at hand. There was nothing to be gained by fraternizing with the enemy. Feigning the duties of a bartender, he picked up two black bags of trash and left the bar. He passed the large mass of undulating bodies, the bloodletting spectacle at the center, and found his way to a back corridor, which led to a long hallway. It was there, that he pushed open a door that led to the outside world. He dropped the bags just outside the door, and to the unknowing observer, he checked up and down the shadows of the back alley. He casually ignored the brief toss in his hair, as well as the swift moving shadows that slipped easily through the open threshold, and with a sinister smirk, he closed the door. Emmett had retreated to a corner bar table and was in the middle of staring at Bella's portrait. He had always gone out of his way to make her laugh, but even he had to wonder if he had gone too far. Perhaps she had been unable to see the tenderness and love that had laced through his teasing. It didn't matter anymore, or so he thought. From what information they had gathered, Bella was dead. He bit back the tears that wouldn't come and silently apologized to Edward, who he realized had probably been listening. From his periphery, he could see Dex returning from taking out the trash. He growled, and for the first time, he regretted his immortality. Emmett wanted to get drunk, really drunk, so drunk that he passed out in a puddle of his own vomit. It was impossible, though. Alcohol would sit in his stomach until he was forced to regurgitate it, but the venom in his system prevented the effects from hitting him. And there was no forgetting, either. All memories that came after the Change would always be there—in perfect clarity. He looked up from the table and returned the picture of Bella to his wallet, where it had been ever since he had stolen it from Edward's room. It would stay that way until Time ravaged it, but she would forever be in his heart. The music changed again. This time to some techno beat. As Emmett looked around the wide space, he couldn't even begin to imagine Bella in a place like that. Why on earth would Edward's connection at the high school have sent them to this horrid pit of depravity? There was no way she would have stepped foot in a place like that, not willingly, anyway. However, as Emmett began to despair over his lost sister, a slight movement at the bar caught his eye. Dex was speaking to a girl in a language he couldn't identify, which was strange. Although Emmett hadn't set out to learn every language on the planet, he could at least identify them. The words coming from Dex's mouth sounded like a derivative of Gaelic, but they were different, almost guttural in their pronunciation. His brow indented as he unsuccessfully tried to translate them by comparing them to modern Gaelic. What was it? Emmett turned his head, and at the same time, the woman that Dex had been conversing with shifted in his direction. In that moment, Emmett's long frozen heart felt as though it were on fire. Was it a mirage? Wishful thinking? Had his grief caused him to go insane? Their eyes met, and he gasped. "Bella?" Author's Note: I cannot respond to questions left by "guest" reviewers. If you genuinely want your question answered, you have to sign-in.