on running the pack. Seth is still young and although through bloodlines is the Alpha, Paul was a wolf for a long time before him and learnt a lot from Sam. Sometimes I think Paul joined Seth to run away from what happened to Sam...I know he felt guilty. He was the one to kill Sam's murderer, and I know it keeps him up all night, wondering what would have happened if he was just a little bit faster... "Seth." I greeted him. "Are the new guys all sworn in?" He nodded and took his place next to Jacob, and I knew that he didn't like Bree anymore than Elisa did. I took a deep breath, knowing that I had to face this sometime. "Hello, Bree." I said to her nodding. "Are you keeping well?" "As well as could be expected." She said, smiling at me, her little teeth glistening. "What news have you brought?" Emmett said, cutting through the pleasantries. Bree was undisturbed, and I remembered that courtesies were a very human thing. "I have seen your vegetarian friends." She said. "They are being held in Volterra, as you feared. They are not treated well." I pressed my lips into a thin line as I listened. She didn't pause to make sure we wanted to hear it, she spoke in a unsympathetic voice. "They are treated like animals. They refuse to take human blood, although sometimes they are forced to. Brandon finds it amusing to cut young women with brown hair and eyes in many places and leave them bleeding in a room with Edward. He is starved otherwise, and he kills a great deal of them in sheer thirst. If he refused to drink them, they are left to die bleeding in his room. One girl he managed to stop drinking enough to change her, and she is taken to him remind him of what he did. Sometimes he is starved to the point of madness, and then brought out, chained, to fight bears and feed off of them, which Brandon finds very amusing." She surveyed us. "He is beyond madness sometimes, I could not get close enough to him to tell him of you, he believes that you are dead." Emmett swore under his breath, and I found tears welling in my eyes. I stubbornly disallowed them to pass the threshold though. I had to be strong – of course they are doing his to him – but he is alive, he is alive and that means we can get him back. "And Rosalie?" I asked, knowing that Emmett couldn't trust his voice right now. Bree's eyes flicked from my face to Emmett's, to Elisa's behind him. Who knows what Elisa's face betrayed, but Emmett's was like stone. "Brandon is very drawn to Rosalie." Bree said. "She is his constant companion, although she is there against her will. She is not starved like Edward, but she is forced to feed from human women that Brandon is attracted to whilst he watches, although she is given rats as well." Emmett's face was losing its composure. "I'm quite sure he rapes her, or perhaps she yields to him to stop him hurting her and others in front of her - I know that he holds Edward's imprisonment over her head. Although I saw her, she is kept mostly chained to Brandon's throne like a pet, and I did not have the opportunity to talk to her." "Do they have the others?" Elisa spoke up now, as Emmett and I were incapable. "The other Cullens? Not as yet. It is thought that Carlisle and Esme may be somewhere in Thailand, and nothing is known of Alice and Jasper. They are on the most part an arrogant lot, content to play with their toys and not worry about the future, although the haven of Forks irks them, as does this operation." "How can we get to them?" I asked. "We need to get them out." "It won't be easy." Bree said. "Rosalie is always watched like a prize, and Edward is locked in the dungeons. There is a time though. Brandon is planning a parade through the streets, symbolising vampire's rule over humans. Both Rosalie and Edward will be brought out to the event, and that will probably be when they are most accessible." "When is the parade?" Emmett asked through clenched teeth. "Two weeks' time." Bree stood. "That is all I can help you with." "Thank you Bree." I said, holding out my had to her. "Don't mention it, Bella. I will of course assist you in Volterra any way I can, but not to the point of them knowing." "I understand, Bree, thank you. Are you able to stay with us for short while? It would be helpful it you were included in our planning." "I can stay here for a while, but I must return soon. They think I am hunting on the continent." I nodded. Emmett beside me relaxed. The worst was over, we knew that our loved ones were still alive, that the others were out of reach. All that was left was the planning, and that was what we were best at. I let my heart soar at the idea – Edward back with me, protected in our base. Anything he'd gone through – any mental state he was in we could fix. He would soon be with us again. And from there we could do anything... AN: I ended it here because this is a ridiculously long chapter and I'm incredibly aware that I have other stories to work on and I want approval for this fic to continue. If you want this fic to continue please review telling me so, and if you'd rather I continued a different story, either review that one or review this one telling me off for not updating that one instead of uploading this piece of rubbish. I am your indecisive servant and will bend to your will.