brain off for two minutes, Jake and I always had fun, and we were never awkward. Not even when our dads would gang up on us and show us baby pictures or regale everyone who was listening with tales of our antics as children—for one, Jake and I had decided, at the age of five and six, that we would get married, so that I could stay in Forks with him and dad. I remembered that day. It was a bittersweet memory—I loved remembering how pure and sweet my love for Jake had been then, but it also hurt to remember that when I told my mom I wanted to stay, that I was going to marry Jacob so it would be okay for me to stay, she laughed at me and told me that I would get over it, that there would be more boys in Arizona who could be my new Jacob. Of course there never was a new Jacob—there had only ever been my Jacob. I sighed and shook my head, tugging Jake's arm around my shoulder and snuggling into his side as we walked out of the airport. I grinned when Jake tossed my bag onto the backseat of his orange Chevy truck—I loved that truck, had since the first time I saw it back when Billy bought it when Jake and I were kids—as I leaned against the driver's seat door. Jacob slammed the door and turned towards me, mirroring my position as he leaned against it. "So…" He drawled, reaching out to take one of my hands in his— huge —hands. "Should we… Talk when we get home? Or now? When we're driving? I don't know, I just—" He shuffled a little, his eyes looking everywhere but mine, and I knew I shouldn't think that he was adorable when he was nervous and trying to ask me if I still felt more than friendship for him, but he really was cute. "Jake," I smiled a little and took a small step forward, tiptoeing to press a kiss to his cheek, "My feelings haven't changed at all. You know I love you." His answering smile was bright and beautiful and so inherently Jake , and my breath hitched when he tilted his head closer, our faces now so close together that our noses brush against each other and our breaths mingled. "I'm going to kiss you now," he breathed, his fingers brushing over the skin on the nape of my neck, curling into my messy hair, "if you're okay with that." I had some trouble thinking for a moment, because he was so close and he was warm and he smelled really good, and why were we still talking ? "Yeah," I managed to choke in response, "Yeah, I'm really okay with that." I couldn't tell which one of us moved first. My fingers curled in his shirt, pulling him closer as he pulled me up, our lips meeting in the middle, both of us holding our breaths as our lips finally, finally , after a far-too-long separation, meet. I sighed involuntarily, my lips parting beneath his warm, soft lips, willingly allowing him to pull me up and closer—I was pretty sure my feet were dangling above the ground, so I wrapped my legs around his waist, smiling into the kiss when he groans—and to deepen the kiss. I couldn't help but marvel over the the feeling of his fingers sliding over my scalp, leaving tingles in their wake, as he twined his fingers in my hair, my knees feeling very weak all of a sudden. If Jake hadn't been holding me, I was sure I would have fallen over. I'd forgotten how incredibly soft his lips were, and I shivered as his tongue slid out to caress mine—he tasted absolutely delicious , and I forgot how to breathe for a moment or two. Unfortunately, the need for air became too pressing, too urgent, too soon, and I couldn't help but whine under my breath when he broke the kiss. My head is spinning and my lips are tingling deliciously where his were still brushing against mine. "Shit Bella," he swore softly, and I swore I'd never heard him—or anyone—say my name like that before. Like I was the most precious creature he had ever encountered. He sounded thoroughly awed—and I had to say, the feeling was more than mutual. I couldn't believe how good kissing Jake had felt—my memories of the night we had spent together before I'd left again had not done him any justice. If he could make me feel like this with just a kiss, I couldn't wait to see what he'd manage when we had some more… alone time. My eyes fluttered open slowly, lazily, and I tightened my grip on him, so he couldn't leave—so he couldn't set me down on her own two feet just yet. I didn't want this moment to end. Even if we somehow wouldn't end up together—and that seemed completely impossible at that moment—I would never be able to forget how completely perfect that kiss was. Jacob slid his fingers down from where they were tangled in my wavy locks, over my cheek, his thumb lingering on my—kiss-swollen—bottom lip. "We should stop," he whispered, "Before we… I mean… We have a long drive ahead of us and—" My eyes fluttered closed for a brief moment, resting my forehead against his as I nodded slowly. "Yeah," I breathed, "I know. I know." Reluctantly, I loosened my grip on his shirt and unwound my legs from around his waist, pouting a little at how shaky my legs were. Jacob noticed— of course he did—and gave me a smug kind of grin that made me want to slap—or kiss—it off his face. "Let's go home, Bells," he grinned, leaning in to press one more chaste kiss against my lips. "Home sounds good," I sighed happily, crawling into the truck and buckling myself in. Yes. Home—Forks—sounded really good.