to bring me to Master Aro but I ran out of time, the pack found us, and her friend that she called." "You speak of time, what do you mean?" Athenodora asked. Bella shook her head, "Depending on when the full moon lands, we, the Hunted, only get so many days to run. According to the pack, none have escaped, a few have joined their ranks, and all eventually die. By their hands, the weather, starvation, disease, and rarely, to mate." At the look of bewilderment on their faces, Bella confirms their fears, "They can reproduce, and the…" Bella's face contorts into pain, "Litter," she finally spits out. Shaking her head she changes paths, "A mother who is not already a wolf has never survived." Jane's face looked gutted, unable to ask the question she wanted to, "Don't worry Jane, while I have been used, I cannot have children." Jane's face relaxed until Bella continued, "they made sure of that." The Queens were furious, and Jane's grip tightened, "Not to tight Jane," Aro warned his ward, "Isabella, can you please explain to us why we should let the wolves find you again?" Jane tensed at this thought. Wincing as Jane growled and clung to her already small frame Marcus growled, "Jane!" Bella's face was contorted in pain. "Please calm down Jane, you're making me feel panicky." New questioned arise in the thoughts of the family at how a family could feel the mating bond so strong as a human, but they did not ask at this moment. Jane agreed to calm down as Bella started her expiation, "They move regularly. I have been secretly sneaking blood to mom over the last 11 months. I couldn't let her starve, vampire or not, I felt the tug of my bond, or at least that is why mom says." Bella looked at Marcus, "After the first few months, she started to regain her mind. When I was in the room with her, she would ramble about many things, mostly about you, Dad. Over the last four months she has been talking to me about my life and all of you and our escape. It was foolish of me to let myself get so close to Volterra." Bella started to mumble to herself. Jane cooed her while the other disproved the notion, but Bella continued to smack talk herself. Sulpicia took ahold of Bella's free hand and urged her to look at her, "What is the plan for escape, and is there any way we can move it up?" "Mother won't drain me like I offered," growls lit up the car, "and she doesn't think we could get out undetected with me going through the change. The problem is I have to little blood to offer her without her biting me to overpower the werewolf blood in her system. For the last four months we have been working the blood out of her system. I tried capturing rats for the small amount of blood they would further us, but it is only repulsed by the remaining werewolf blood. Mother has been able to trick the attending wolf who watches over her and feeds her blood to think that she is ingesting the blood he forces on her, but while most she can expel back up, if I'm not their when they feed her, she will be forced to suffer the influences of the blood, cause I hide the blood she expels. Over the last two months that hasn't been a problem, but that could change." "Why hasn't it been a problem recently?" Bella looked down in shame, "I am a rarity among the Hunted; most are shared and used and disposed of, I fight them still, and the strongest of the pack find that desirable. The guard has access to me when I am their and not in use that others don't. He is stupid to make the same mistake at the last guard, he was put to death. But my distraction urges him ton only feed her while I'm present and he can use me, if he was discovered though, he would be replaced. This guard, while as stupid as the last four guards, is smarter that he uses me directly after I have been returned. I still fight, and it is more likely his treason will go unnoticed. However it makes getting all of the wolf blood expelled fast enough more difficult, since I have more time to recover since my known usage, he leaves me in more disrepair. This Hunt was supposed to be our last." Bella cried on Jane's shoulder. Her hysterics wore on her, almost placing her in a restless sleep. "One more thing Piccalo , then we will let you rest with your mate, why did they take my Queen? What purpose to they have for her other than torcher." Bella forced her eyes open and to Marcus, "Her gift, it helps keep the birthed wolves docile enough so they can grow their numbers. The new birthed wolves aren't allowed far from the base during the hunt, her gift of happiness keeps them from killing each other, and encourages mating with the female wolves during usage times. They kill off the made wolves, because they see them as unclean, but use them during the hunt. Most of the made and not birthed are killed within a year of when they are made because they have out lived their use. They are creating an army of birthed wolves. Only one or two survive from the litters, but they are creating an army, over fifty strong that I know of. They have been waiting for me to lead them to you." Bella cried herself to sleep as the Kings and Queens talked at vampire speed about all they have learned. AN: Don't forget to comment below. I would love to see your feedback! Thank you so much for reading. Let me know if i should continue on with this story!