a vampire's would... And being a vampire's what you always wanted. Oh, Bella. How could you let the thing you wanted so much slip out of your hands just as soon as you'd obtained it? How could I- how could I let this happen? I'm a failure of a protector and a lover. I'm sorry, Bella. I'm so sorry." And whereas Bella had yet to learn how to cry in this form, it was clear with the shudders erupting within him, that that wasn't true of Edward. Walking towards him before she could stop herself, and think maybe it would just rip the bandage off even more, or maybe even send him hurtling even further away, Bella brought him as close to her as she dared and simply held onto him, as she said the worlds that finally set her free from her own second guessing again, and that she knew would him. "You're wrong, love," Bella stated, using the endearment he'd always used on her; as he sucked in a breath against her, Bella sensed it didn't go unnoticed. She smiled. "I'm connected to everyone now, and I have access to all these different vampires' powers, so it's like I'm going to be everywhere at once forever. That gives me... so much satisfaction, Edward; you have no idea. Helping people is what I want, so please trust me in that. Now I can keep all of you safe from mental abilities that mean to harm you, or those who mean to enslave you. Whenever anyone needs me, I'll be there and they'll be here." But more than that..." Bella said as she licked her lips and took a deep breath, knowing that this would be the final nail in the coffin and, perhaps, win Edward over completely-even if she sensed he would always sympathize with her carrying such a burden. "Through Chelsea's power-the power that affected people's bonds, so that they'd want to be with someone because of a sense of happiness they felt there, I can manipulate that 'sense of happiness' so it's real. I can make it so you guys follow me because I give you heaven, and through that-and my own new power-I can make it real. When one of you dies, you'll be able to be with me in the heaven I've created for you. And as you've always believed in God, but thought yourself beyond its reach, don't you want it? Don't you want me to give it to you and your family? Isn't that a worthy cause to be this for? And wouldn't you- wouldn't you do the same for me, Edward?" There was incredulousness in his eyes, no doubt about it, Bella knew. He looked as though he was going to argue with her any minute, but then something seemed to pass over his face. And maybe in realizing that he'd always thought just being with her was heaven, so why should he ever doubt she could actually give it, Edward reluctantly began letting her go. "You're right, Bella... It hurts more than I can imagine to let you go, but I... I can still feel you constant and real in my world. And as long as I have that, and as long as I can see you again, I choose- I choose to believe in you. We will see each other again. More than anything I've ever believed in, I'll believe in that, because us being together is the only thing that makes sense in my world." It certainly must have, Bella thought, as she found herself subconsciously pulling her charm bracelet off of her wrist to give to him-the one thing in the world that defined who she was and embodied what she was giving up-for him to remember her by. After all, they'd all thought it impossible for a vampire to shed a tear, and yet he'd just done that. So what else was there to believe in, but there love? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. Bella realized, as her momentarily brown eyes landed on Edward for one final time, in their own impossibility. "Furthermore," Edward told her, as he leaned toward her for just one more kiss, but since she was all ready starting to dissipate-since Edward wasn't someone she needed to protect or give heaven to right now, so he felt of her jurisdiction for the time being-only their cheeks brushed. And that served to say so much that even words or lips couldn't, that they had no need to dawdle. As Bella faded away to go help the others, she heard one last thing from Edward. "I had worried about your immortal soul, but if you're not hurting people but saving all of them-at the expense of your own happiness, even-as a vampire... I know that when the trumpets sound, God will have to bring you to the true heaven then and give you paradise. And maybe... maybe even those you shepherded under your current. And Bella... if I have to wait until then to see you again and be with you, I will do so happily, love. Always." "Always," and as Bella finally imploded like a too bright star that had been forced to blow out, Bella echoed his words, and saw the way Edward reverently held onto her charm bracelet. She knew he'd be just fine. He'd keep his word to an extreme and keep her memory alive. And in exchange for that and everything, like a love she'd never thought she should have been able to hold onto without ascending existences, and now she had, whenever he needed her, she'd be there. She'd be there for him, Charlie, the Quileutes and so many others, always. And when Edward did end up meeting her-whether it was from his own death, or the end of time, she didn't know-she ran to him with open arms. Finally, they could be together with the other ones she'd save. Finally they could move on to their perfect piece of forever.