was pointing to a spot about ten cars away from where we were headed. I looked at the spot. Sure enough, there was a silver volvo parked in the space. I didn't have to looke very closely to know that it was Edward's. He was leaning against the car with his arms crossed over his chest. We were close enough that I could see his face. His features looked torn. I saw happiness and relief but there was also, pain, sadness, jealousy and anger. I didn't understand those emotions. He was the one who told me he didn't love me anymore. He was the one who left me. He wanted me to move on and live a normal life. Why did he look so hurt to see that I had given myself what he wanted for me. I wrapped my arms tighter around Jacob as I stared at Edward. Everything but the anger and jealousy had disappeared from his features. I felt a small pinprick of pain at seeing him again but that was all I had left for him. The was no guilt or sadness. I didn't feel the need to hold myself together as I stared at him. I didn't even feel the need to cry. I felt at peace with the way things turned out. He got what he wanted. I wasn't going to sacrifice my happiness because he didn't like that I moved on. I felt my body trembling. At first, I thought I was involuntarily reacting to seeing Edward again. Then I realized the shaking wasn't coming from me. It was Jacob. I looked up at him. He looked like he was trying very hard to stay in control. It wasn't working. I knew how hard it was for Jacob to control his hate of Edward, especially after everything he put me through. I looked back to Sam. He was shaking too and trying to get back in control. Now, you knew Sam was angry when he had a hard time controlling himself. "Calm down, guys please." I begged. "I'm fine. Really I am." I knew in my heart that it wasn't a lie. I had Jacob beside me. He was all I needed. My words didn't seem to calm them. I had to take drastic measures. There was only one certain way to calm Jacob down. I learned it one night, two months ago, when we were discussing Edward. I stretched up and began planting kisses on his neck. I knew there was still a lot of people standing around. This kind of PDA was something I always scoffed at and tried to avoid. However, I felt it was better that our audience saw this display rather than the one where two men turning into wolves before their eyes. After a minute or so, Jacob calmed. I stopped the kissing and looked back to Sam. Emily had her own way of getting him calmed. Whatever it was had worked. Sam had stopped shaking and was whispering his thanks to Emily. "Are you alright?" I asked Jake. "Thanks to you." he said. I stole one last glance in Edward's direction, the parking space he was in, however, was empty. The four of us continued to the cars in silence. The boys weren't completely calmed down yet. Nobody wanted to say anything that would set them off. Jake and I jumped into Jake's rabbit as Sam and Emily got into Sam's truck. When Jake was in the car, I took his hand in mine. "Are you sure you're okay?" I asked. "Yes." he said. I could hear sadness and pain in his voice. I saw the same things on his face. "Are you?" "Yes." I reached my hand up and gently turned his face to look me in the eye. "I'm not going anywhere. Edward had his chance and blew it. You haven't. I'm staying right where I am. I love it here." He smiled and leaned down to kiss me. I had to force him away. "Come on." I said. "I don't wanna be late for my own party." I said. "I suppose not." he replied putting the car in gear and backing up. When we arrived in La Push, Billy and Charlie had everything ready. The rest of the pack was there. They apologized for not being at the ceremony but we didn't discuss anything more. We silently agreed not to dampen the mood with details. I tried not to noticed when the boys switched shifts. Half would patrol for awhile and the other half would party. The switched every couple hours. I danced and talked with all of my human friends. I had the time of my life that night and never once thought about Edward. The party began to break up at one o'clock in the morning. Everyone was gone by two. Charlie was still talking to Billy and I was tired. I didn't want to ask Charlie to leave. Instead, I went into Jake's room and curled up in his bed. I fell asleep into a restful and happy sleep. I had gone the whole day knowing Edward was back but I didn't shed a singel tear. I even saw him for a mintue or two but it had no effect on my. At some point, I felt Jacob curl up next to me putting his warm arms around me. I knew then that I'd be just fine, whether or not, Edward was staying. A/N: Yes, I know the likelihood of this story isn't good. Like I said, I'm team Edward all the way. I do, however believe Jacob deserves credit. He is, after all, a great guy. I also realized that I didn't state whether or not the whole family came back. I'm not sure yet. That's all going to depend on whether or not you guys think I should continue with the story. I hope you enjoyed the change. Review please? Flame if you want. They'll just get deleted.