Even when the girl came to the reservation to hang out with Jacob, the two of them never really talked except for polite exchanges. She was just Jacob's childhood friend who would sometimes be there while they were all hanging out. All she really knows about the girl is that she was with a Cullen before they all left. The legends the tribe have passed down happened to have the name Cullen in it, and so the family isn't allowed on the reservation and an eye is kept on their going ons around Forks. If you heard the legend, you knew a Cullen was dating the police chief's daughter by association. Not to mention, Jacob always whined about it. He had broken up with her though, Jacob had told her, and that was apparently why she had been so down at first. The girl was visibly upset when she had started coming around, but she seemed to have gotten better as the weeks passed. Looking at the girl from the corner of her eye now, however, she can tell that she's down again. Briefly, she wonders what could've happened since it seems the girl got back what she'd lost. The Cullens have returned according to the idle chat she overhears and Bella hasn't been around the reservation since then, so she must be hanging with them again. She must have gotten back together with the Cullen, so she's unsure why the girl looks as down as she'd been before. If anything, she looks even more hopeless. Had Jacob still been talking to her, she might have told him about all that happened and her observation of how the girl seems to be feeling down. But he's not, so she just pushes it out of her mind. It's not her business, she's just taking the girl home to make sure she gets there alright. Not longer after she resolves to just ignore it all, she pulls up in front of Bella's house. She breaks the silence asking Bella to confirm it's the right place, pulling her out of the daze she seemed to have gotten lost in. "Oh yeah, thanks." The other girl mutters at her before picking up the bag she'd had on her and hopping out of the truck. Right before driving off again, she sees Bella waving at her and returns the gesture with her own wave and a nod of her head. When she's far enough away not to be noticed, she turns to look back at the fading figure before refocusing on the road. It's time for her to head back home and apologize to her mother before she heads off to work. .:. It's the third silent car ride of the day. She's lost count of the number for the past few days. Most spent with Edward, an awkward one with Charlie when he picked her up from the Cullens the day she returned from Italy, and now Leah Clearwater. An odd addition to her list, for sure. Leah doesn't seem to notice the silence though, or maybe she just doesn't mind it as much as she herself does. Their goodbye is as succinct as their whole encounter had been. Her stomach growls as she's watching Leah's truck drive off, reminding her that she's yet to eat dinner, and she pushes the odd encounter out of her mind as she does with most things lately. She makes enough dinner for her and Charlie, leaves his in the microwave and puts a note on the counter for him to see when he returns from his long shift at the station. Mindless television accompanies her dinner and the following hours before she heads up to get ready for bed. It's a school day tomorrow, Spring Break now officially over, and she has to go to sleep earlier than she has been the past week. Her dreams aren't really welcoming. . Edward's there when she enters her room, and she pauses for a second before continuing to her dresser. She'd genuinely forgotten he said he'd come by tonight. It used to be what she looked forward to most nights, a disappointment when he wasn't there. But now, it's just become another part of the routine. "I'm gonna shower," she tells him and waits for his nod of acknowledgement before making her way towards the bathroom she shares with Charlie. As she's washing herself, she contemplates ending the relationship for a few solid seconds. She dismisses the thought almost as quickly as it comes to her mind though. It'll only make things worse, she decides. And so she commits to doing as he's done and reverting back to how it'd been before, continuing with the routine that's been established. At least until she's figured things out. Stepping out of the shower, she makes quick work of putting on her sleep attire, suddenly exhausted and just wanting to succumb to sleep already despite what it may bring her. She'll push it all away to deal with at another time, again. When she enters her bedroom, he's laying on her bed with his arms stretched out in seeming invitation and a big part of her hates that he no longer needs to be convinced to do so. Before he had left, even before her dreaded birthday party, she'd had to tell him that she couldn't sleep well without him holding her to get him to agree to lay with her. She's not so sure it'll bring the same comfort to her now. Still, she complies and settles into his arms once she's climbed into bed as she's done multiple times before. And it seems she was right. With the revelations of late and the doubt that's creeping through her bones, it's no longer the comforting embrace it once was. Even the coldness of his body bothers her now. At least she knows he'll be gone in the morning and she'll have seven hours of school to ruminate over things once more.