to Jasper as they had in the past. Right after the breakup, they thought Bella would be a temporary thing with Jasper. When Jasper and Bella married suddenly was when their attitude towards Jasper changed, but Senna was no longer around to see it. Now at the house, as the guests were being greeted by the family, Senna kept Edward close and held him to her left side. She was, at different times holding his hand and other times holding his arm. The only time Senna let go was to hug Alice, Maria, and their parents. When Emmett showed up after work, he made Edward and Senna laugh. Later, after people started leaving for the evening was when Jasper moved towards the kitchen to talk to Senna, who was helping her mother, father, and brothers put away the food and dishes. The next thing Edward heard was Senna's voice from the kitchen, as he stood right outside the door. He was there to support her if needed, but Senna was doing fine on her own. "You have a nerve even thinking I would take you back. You screwed me over, and you're currently screwing Maria. What the Hell is wrong with you?!" Edward smiled as Senna tore into Jasper. "But, Maria is…" Jasper didn't finish the sentence. "Have you lost your mind? I don't want you back. I have moved on and you should too." Senna now said, her voice steely. "I was hoping for another chance. I was an idiot, okay, but I know you would be a great mother for Michael and a great wife for me." Jasper explained as if Senna had not just told him they were over. The one saving grace was that baby Michael was upstairs sleeping with Maria keeping an eye on him. Alice heard everything as she was moving to go into the kitchen and ended up near Edward. When Alice turned around after hearing what Jasper said about Maria, Emmett held out his hand, and she grabbed it gladly. Edward turned around to talk to Emmett and Alice, but Emmett signaled later without saying a word as he walked himself and Alice out of the room. Jasper passed Edward and once again threw him a nasty look. Edward smiled and went into the kitchen. When Senna saw him, she walked over and threw her arms around him. Edward hugged her back and took a breath he didn't realize he was holding. When they parted, the kitchen was empty. Two Months Later "No, my sister isn't pregnant, you asshole!" John-Henry said to Jasper. "They are madly in love with each other and don't say that shit about my sister again if you want to keep your teeth. " "What he said," said Greyson, backing up his big brother up. Jasper was at the wedding as Maria's guest. Alice didn't tell her sister what Jasper had said right after the funeral in the kitchen. She was still uncertain if Jasper and Maria would go the distance, and why cause trouble. She kept her mouth shut where Bella was concerned and was sorry. Her family didn't believe her when she swore she didn't know how close Bella and Jasper were. Where her sister was concerned, she was still in a wait and see mode. Besides, Maria would hurt Jasper if he pulled half the shit he had pulled with Senna and Bella. When Senna and Edward announced they were getting married one month after her grandfather's funeral, there were a lot of raised eyebrows. The wedding was a small family affair in the back garden of what Senna now thought of as Grandpa's House. Senna now worked out of the London offices of the War Crimes Tribunal. Alfred and Pilar now lived in her late father's house. After a one-month honeymoon, Edward and Senna moved into Edward's London flat. Ten Months Later Senna smiled as Alice made her way down the aisle of the family church. Alice asked her to be her maid of honor. Edward was standing as Emmett's best man. Senna and Edward had some news, but it could wait another month or so. Alice started dating Emmett after the funeral and never again looked at Jasper. The hardest thing she did after Senna came back from her honeymoon was apologize for her behavior concerning Bella and Jasper. Alice showed up at Edward's flat the week Senna and Edward returned from their honeymoon. She started talking and was bouncing from one foot to the other. Her movements were slight, but she couldn't stop the nervous movement. "I saw them together one evening. It looked like a date to me, but Bella said, it was nothing. I didn't follow my first mind, and I'm sorry for that." Alice paused as she looked at Senna and Edward. "I trusted her, and I put her over you. I am so sorry. I hope with time you can trust me again." "Thank you, Alice." Senna didn't know what else to say to her cousin. As Grandpa used to say, time heals. She would give it time. Senna saw Alice to the door. Once she was sitting down again, she said to Edward, "So my cousin Alice is seeing your brother Emmett? Wow." Edward laughed; Emmett was doing a lot more than dating Alice if his blushing was any indication. Two Years Later Three month old, Gaia-Rosalie was fussy so Edward said to Senna, "I will take my darling Rose, you relax, you American." Senna smiled and murmured, "Thanks, you ass." Then she kissed Edward. Senna kissed Edward before Jasper kissed his bride Maria as they said their vows in the register's office in Barnes. John-Henry said, "I give it a year before he starts screwing around on Maria. Wanna bet little brother." "Brother, I second that emotion and no thanks," said Greyson about their former good mate Jasper. This was pronounced right before they stepped into the register's office for the wedding of Jasper to Maria.