in front of me right now in all his perfect glory, and I'm about to rip him a new one. This is crazy. It takes a few moments for him to notice me, but when he does he freezes. Even though this is the third time I've met him now, it's technically the first time we've been in front of each other both knowing that we're father-and-daughter. His right hand starts twitching and he licks his lips. He stammers for a few seconds, swallows, and then throws me a huge killer smile. I have to look away for a moment so I won't forget my anger. He breathes out. "Rose, I –" I hold up my hand to stop him from talking. If there's anything I'm good at, if today's tantrum didn't make that abundantly clear, it's making people feel like shit for doing something I disapprove of. If he's gonna be my father now, I guess it's better he learn that sooner rather than later. "Did I just hear you threaten my mother?" His smile drops immediately. He runs a hand through his hair and gives me a guilty look. "I, um – " I interrupt. "Because when I walked up a few moments ago I thought I heard that, but I wasn't – I wasn't sure. So, I figured I'd better ask before I jumped to conclusions." I laugh sarcastically, narrowing my eyes at him. "Because I'm a big conclusion jumper, Edward. Huge." Inwardly, I roll my eyes at my Pretty Woman reference. Damn my mother for her enjoyment of rom-coms. "Rose, I - It's not –" I pull off the wall and walk closer to him. "It's crazy because I thought I heard you threatening to take me away from my mother, to drag her through the court system when you know very well she doesn't have a penny to her name. I heard you threaten to drag her personal and private life through the media – " "I – " "You threatened to use your power and fame and celebrity to humiliate her and ruin her life. Did you not? Did you not make her feel like shit and not even bat an eyelash because, what, you were angry and upset and wanted to prove a point?" Clearly, we have a lot in common. He is most definitely my father. "From what I've gathered you're supposed to be her one. Her one true love, the one who ruined her for all other men, the one she'll never forget. But what I just heard did not match that sacred person." He looks at me earnestly. "You don't understand. I – " "What my mother did was asinine and hurtful and I am just pissed as hell at her right now and I'm sure you are, too, and we can yell at her about it later together, but she is my mother . And that means something." I think back over to what Uncle J was reminding me earlier this evening. "It means that for the past 16 years, she has soothed every fever, endured every tantrum, watched every recital, paid every bill…" I look down for a few minutes as what Uncle J was telling me earlier begins to make so much more sense and gives me a clarity I didn't have moments ago. Suddenly, I feel awful for the way I reacted and I decide that I will never let someone treat her like that ever again. Even myself. I look back at Edward with stern eyes and continue vehemently, "She lets me cry on her shoulder, gives me advice, yells at me when I'm wrong. She makes shit money and gives most of it to me so I can go to a great school. And I never thank her for it. She gave up fucking Julliard to have me. To raise me. You know, she didn't give me up for adoption like everyone, including her asshat of a father, was telling her to. And, besides all that, she is my best friend. And I love her more than anything else in the entire world." I look him dead in the eye and declare, "We are all each other has. She raised me. And you are going to respect that." Okay, speech over. I take a deep breath, run a hand through my hair again and place the other hand on my hip. I look back at him darkly, right in the eye. Edward Cullen is going to learn today that I am no one to fuck with. "So, I'm gonna ask you again. Did you. Just threaten. My mother." He rubs the back of his neck with his left hand and shifts his weight from one leg to the other. Opening and shutting his mouth maybe five times; eventually I can't take the silence anymore. "Whatever." I push past him to get to the door. I think I put enough fear into him that he won't talk like that to her again. At least, not in my presence. And I don't want to be so rude to him that he doesn't want to get to know me anymore, because I still think he's, like, the coolest guy in the entire world. He grabs my arm before I can enter the apartment. He stares at me silently and then sighs. "Rose, I want to –" "You know," I figure one more guilt trip couldn't hurt. I pull away from his grasp roughly. I give one more sarcastic laugh as I step inside. "It is sooo awesome to know that I have two assholes for parents." And then I slam the door in his face. I still can't believe that my father is Edward Cullen. And I probably can't tell anyone. Fuck. My. Life. Be on the lookout for the next chapter of DOAT. It should be out at the latest Sunday/Monday of next week! Love you guys! Thanks for being the best readers ever! Angie :)