car- well, a truck- was good, I had suspected I would have had to save up for one and borrow some money off Charlie when I was older and went to university, or college as they called it over here. Still, I felt so grateful to Charlie, it wasn't guilt I was feeling but I was certainly feeling like he shouldn't have done this for me, that I was being enough of a problem without him feeling the need to do this for me. I just didn't know how to tell him. Admittedly, a part of me did wish he hadn't so I could save up for the car I wanted…well, motorbike I wanted, and now I'd be stuck with this truck out of wanting to be kind to Charlie, but the part that was simply overwhelmed with how selfless and kind and how brilliant he was and how nice the thought was simply consumed the other part of me. "What year is it?" I asked, glancing down into my lap to undo my coat, and I noticed he seemed to be calculating his answer and I wondered why he'd need to do so. "Well, Billy's done a lot of work on the engine- it's only a few years old, really." I couldn't help but laugh, in my head I could see a rusting old thing clattering to the ground with me in it with a caveman stood beside it. Charlie tried to not look confused by my reaction, but it was clear that he was. "Alright, as long as it doesn't fall apart when I'm driving, it sounds good to me. But seriously Uncle Charlie, when did he buy it?" Charlie sighed, peeking over at me cautiously "Well, 1984 I think." I raised an eyebrow "Was it new?" I smiled as Charlie squirmed, tapping his fingers on the wheel. "Well, err, no. It was new in the sixties, maybe late fifties at the earliest." I sighed, as much as I liked to think I was good with cars, I wasn't, and would I really be able to take care of something so old? I'd break it in the first five minutes. "But the thing runs great- they don't make them like that anymore." I smirked "Guess that applies to you too." I chuckled and Charlie sighed, smiling. "Was that an old joke?" he asked "No, I just made it up now." I giggled at my own joke and Charlie groaned jokingly, dragging a hand down his face, glancing over at me as though to say you have the weirdest sense of humour ever. For a moment, we sat in silence, the only sound was Freddie's snuffling as he slept in the back of the car, and the pattering of the rain on the roof of the car, neither of us knew what to say. I knew I was meant to say something at this point, like they did in the movies, but I just wasn't sure what. "Uncle Charlie…"I started, but broke off, feeling stupid and sentimental. "Um…thank you. It's really nice of you to um, do all this for me…thanks." He stared ahead at the road, his tapping of the wheel intensifying and then dropping into silence. I stared out the window, feeling silly for saying such things, knowing Charlie, a little like me, didn't like expressing all of his emotions out loud. "I don't mind. I just want you to be happy here." He replied, still staring at the rumbling dark emerald green we were slowly entering and I smiled momentarily, glad that he was saddened or feeling awkward because of my thanking. "How's Renee?" I asked quietly, although they had only been married for a short while whilst I was very young, Renee had always kept in contact with my parents, and I adored her. She was harebrained in the most brilliant of ways, she, like me, always had something going on- when I saw her, it was not long before she would have a new idea, a new project to chase after in her bumbling manner. She was bright; the light seemed attracted to her as though she were a plant, green and lush, she simply absorbed warmth and brightness. Perhaps that's why she left Forks…because it was too dark for her to bloom. "She's fine. She recently got remarried to a guy named Phil…nice guy, minor league baseball player." I smiled inwardly, I was glad Renee was happy, but equally, I was sad for Charlie, he really did deserve a beautiful woman, somebody who would stay beside him no matter what. "That's good. I should go visit her sometime." Charlie nodded silently and we both stared out of the windows again. We sat in silence for several more minutes as we began to catch up to the traffic, the gloom of twilight beginning to rise in the distance. I hadn't realised how long I had been driving. "You've changed your hair." Commented Charlie after a long while and I snapped out of the snooze I had been drifting into, dazed and confused. "Oh, yeah…I let it grow." I smiled, running my hand through it, reminding myself it was still there, still damp and curling messily because of the insistent rain that had attacked it before. My eyes began to droop again, heavy as though they were a dam about to break under the weight, and I felt my neck drop to the side to rest it, knowing it would be stiff when I woke up. "It's nice." He quietly added, and I wasn't sure it was because he didn't like expressing himself too outright, or because he could tell I was dozing off. It was probably the second one though. My eyes slipped to sleep under the emerald glow of Forks flying by outside, Charlie's jacket ending up wrapped around me, the thrum of the cruisers humming me to sleep… and I can promise you this… I hadn't slept so well in three years.