started to feel this overwhelming jealousy and envy about Jacob, it was probably the imprint doing its magic. I gaped at her as she swore like a sailor, which I found super hot, but it didn't change a thing. So what if she said a couple of swear words, so what if I've never heard her swear before, so what if that glare made me flinch and made me slightly hard. So what if she was hot, sexy, smart, feisty, sassy, a bit of a bitch…what was my point? "hello? You in there?" she snapped me out of my thoughts of her. "Huh?" I said smartly, so much for being able to form an understandable sentence. "I said are you going to answer my fucking questions or are you going to stand there and gap at me like you've never seen a woman before? God you are slow dod your parents drop you on your -" she cut herself off. "Wait, aren't you one of those douches that are in Sam's little wanna-be gangsters gang?" she said with an eye roll. I stayed silent, did she just say gangster? I didn't know weather it was hot or disturbing, from the state of my rapid growing dick I'd say hot. "Tell me something you slow fucker." I'd like to slow fucker her, wow that was lame what ever you do don't say that. "I'd like to slow fucker you ." Smooth, yes because instead of 'her' you said 'you'. She won't think you're an idiot at all. Why do I even care? Because she's your imprint and no matter what you do you still imprinted on her. And no matter what, even if Jacob rips you into shreds your not leaving her. I mean do you want to? I thought about abandoning her and pain shot though my body, shit I can't do that, I have enough fucking pain in my life without this shit. "We don't even know each others names and your fucking hitting on me? that is the only fucking comprehendible thing you've said to me." She said looking at me like I was some prev. When it came to her I think I was, I haven't thought this much about sex since that my first day in health class when I was 13. "Sorry?" it sounded like a question but at least it was half was decent. Funny how I have all this going on in my head and yet when I try to talk and I sound like a total dork, a nerd, a complete dumbass. I cleared my throat, "Um I'm sorry it just sort of slipped out, you kind of make me nervous." It was the truth but some how it still made me feel like a pussy, even bigger one because I meant it and not because I wanted to fuck her. Well I did want to fuck her but that wasn't the only reason, god I hate imprinting. She deflated a bit, I stood there awkwardly as she thought I had no idea what was going to happen. "I'm Isabella Swan but you can call me Is." She said holding out her hand. Is? I like it, Bella didn't really suit the person I saw standing in front of me. "I'm Paul Long." I said shaking her hand. An electric shock went though my had where it met hers and straight to my dick. She felt it to because she snatched her hand back. I fucking look at her and I get hard, she fucking talks and I get hard, now when she fucking touches me, not even my dick just my hand, and I feel like I could fucking jizz in my pants. FUCK. Our eyes met again and there was a fire burning in her eyes, it was an inferno of Lust, desire and attraction. She looked like she was a staving man and I was her cake, double chocolate with a fudge centre and chocolate sprinkles. Oh and a glass of cold milk on the side… Great, I thought to myself, now I'm horny and hungry. She shook her head and the look was gone replace by that earlier anger. "You tell to leave Jacob alone, Tell him that If I find out that Jake has joined his little gang I will get my fathers shot gun and shoot his left nut sack off. And if he still doesn't leave Jacob alone then I'll shove the shot guy so far up his ass he'll turn gay and shot fast then he can say Oh no you did-n't." she said dragging out the last part. I didn't know what I was feeling, I was confuse, definitely, Horny, hell yeah and I kind of felt sorry for Sam. But I also felt jealousy again, why did she have to be so damn protective over Jacob? It kind of hurt me. She paused. "You should get out too you're too hot to be following that mother fucker." She said. I blinked. She said I am hot, fuck. It took everything I had not to push her up against her truck and attack her with my mouth. Her whole demeanour changed and she turned shy. What the Fuck. "I have to go, nice meeting you Paul." She said jumping in her truck and driving off. It was weird, in that few minutes that she was here and she said my name I didn't feel that jolt that I did when she was talking to me. I expected my dick to fall off if she ever said my name but…nothing. As I said, it was weird. Hope you liked it. Review and fav and alert please. I originally wrote this for a Paul, Jake and Jared with Bella then I remembered that Jared imprinted on Kim so that was out. Wait it was Jared that imprinted on Kim right? Right? Tell me if I'm right please. I'll update as soon as I can. ;o)