especially love the kitchen! I am going to have to be pulled out of there most of the time more than likely. I really could live in the kitchen." Everyone laughed at that but it was Demetri who said "We will make sure that you don't spend all of your time in the kitchen, Bella. Besides you will have too much going on for you to spend all of your free time in the kitchen. You still have the nursery to decorate along with the parties that you will be hosting. We all know that you hate being the center of attention but the few parties that you will be hosting will be ones that are needed in order to make sure that all vampires know that you are off limits." Bella groaned but nodded as she sat down at the table with Paul on one side of her and Sam on the other. She noticed that all of her vampires stayed in the room with them and couldn't help but smile at the sight of them standing around talking among themselves. "So, Paul, did you have any problems transferring to Forks High from La Push High?" Paul shook his head and shot a grin at Bella after he swallowed what was in his mouth. "Not one bit of trouble, Bella. It probably helped that Caius and Marcus went to Forks High with Jared and me to make sure that there were no problems with us transferring. They both also made sure that the school board and the principal were made aware that there would be a couple of people positioned inside and around the school for your protection. Once they finally got it through their thick skulls that Caius and Marcus really were royalty they had no problems with bowing down to the demands that were made. Billy talked to Carlisle Cullen and told him that Jared and I were transferring to Forks High but not the reason." Billy chuckled from his place next to Charlie. "It will do them some good not knowing everything. I just told him that there were some problems and that Jared and Paul needed to transfer to Forks High. Once I promised him that they wouldn't phase without a reason he had no problem agree with the transfer. I did hear one of the girls in the background complaining about Carlisle agreeing to it but he silenced her without saying a word to her." Peter smirked from where he was leaning against one of the walls. "If I had to take a guess it would be Alice that you heard complaining, Billy. From what my gift tells me she can't see any of the wolves. She hates not being able to see anything. Personally I think that she relies on her gift way too fucking much as does Edward. Speaking of Edward, Demetri, are you still taking over as the biology teacher?" Demetri nodded even as he asked "Why?" Peter sighed. "Edward is going to have a reaction to Bella in biology. I am hoping that with you being the teacher that he will think twice before even opening his mouth to Bella and saying something that would have Jared and Paul tearing him apart. I can't really see the outcome of everything right now but I am hoping that by Monday I will know everything that I can about the situation." At Peter's words everyone growled but it was Charlie who hissed "That little boy better not say anything to Bells that will upset her or he will wish that it was the wolves who got a hold of him before I finish with him. I do not give a flying shit if he is a vampire or not." Bella smiled softly at her dad. "I am sure that everything will be fine on Monday, dad. We shouldn't worry about it right now because we have tomorrow and Sunday to get through before it even happens if it does. Although I do know better than to bet against Peter. Now that I am finished eating why don't you all show me the rest of the house? That way I don't get lost once I get up in the morning." Everyone laughed at that even as they stood up or walked forward. Once everyone was surrounding Bella they all led her through the rest of the house. On the second floor of the house there were twelve bedrooms, 3 bathrooms not including a couple ensuites in some of the bedrooms, another media room, a family lounge, and a couple of rooms for extra clothing. On the third and final floor excluding the attic and basement held the last thirteen bedrooms, a family lounging area, gaming room, more bathrooms along the hall and some within the bedrooms themselves, and there was also a solarium so that if she wanted to she could look up at the night sky. Once she saw everything she hugged each and every vampire, wolf, and human and thanked them for what they did. She gave them all another round of hugs before she finally stepped into the master bedroom which had been left open for her. She was exhausted and just wanted to sleep. She quickly changed out of her clothes and into the night clothes that she found laid out on her bed and then climbed into the bed. She was out like a light as soon as her head hit the pillow. She knew that tomorrow was going to be a long day and that she would need all the sleep and rest that she could get. A/N 2: *smirks* Yes I know that this chapter is longer than I normally type for my Twilight stories but I wanted all of this in one chapter... I do hope that you all enjoyed the first chapter... I already have several other chapters typed up lol... Click the button and let me know what you think of this chapter!