wanted to destroy Laurent when they learned he confronted Bella when she was alone. "To your left!" Alice suddenly shouted. All of the Cullens started to run towards the direction Alice had told them. Ruby and Emmett were in the lead of the group, followed by Jasper and Carlisle. Alice was a bit further in front of Rosalie and Esme. "I'm going to win," Emmett winked at his sister before he started to run faster. She huffed and watched him catching up to Victoria. She thought that he had the redhead until he was thrown to a tree. "Stop!" Carlisle shouted when Victoria jumped the rocks and to the other side of the river. They all saw two wolves come out of the trees and beginning to chase Victoria. Carlisle and the rest of the Cullens took off running after them in their side of the river. It didn't take long for the redhead to jump on their side again. Jasper and Ruby shared a look when Victoria started to jump in zigzags on trees. They nodded at each other and did the same thing. She took a leap towards the redhead but Victoria managed to throw her to the ground. The dark haired vampire snarled and pushed herself off the ground. "Are you okay?" Esme asked when she reached her daughter's side. She nodded and they continue to run after the redhead. She noticed that Jasper was also thrown to the ground. "I'm tired of this!" Emmett growled. "It's going to end now!" "Emmett no!" Carlisle shouted when he saw Victoria taking a jump to the other side of the river again. "She is in their territory!" Emmett decided to ignore the warning and followed Victoria to the other side. Before the big vampire could land on the rocks, a dark silvered wolf jumped out of the bushes, and threw Emmett to the river. A second later, Emmett resurfaced and snarled at the wolf. The Cullens stopped and saw the conflict that was going to happened. Ruby took her eyes off her brother and the wolf, and started to scan the trees. Not far from the river, she noticed the red flaming hair of Victoria. She saw the redhead vampire smirking at their direction. She narrowed her eyes and ran towards Victoria's direction. She heard the shouts of Esme and Carlisle telling her to stop but she chose to ignore them. She also didn't get far when a grey wolf jumped in front of her, blocking her way to get to Victoria. She glared at the wolf before turning her attention back to the redhead. Victoria smirked at her again before dashing off to the forest, escaping. Ruby let out a frustrated snarl at the escape of the other vampire. The wolf must have misinterpreted her snarl towards Victoria. One moment Ruby was glaring at Victoria, when suddenly, she was been thrown on her back in the river with the grey werewolf on top of her. The wolf let out a snarl and bared her teeth at the vampire. The dark haired vampire could hear the shouts from Esme and Rosalie under the water. But before they could do anything, a growl was heard from the other side of the river. The grey wolf immediately got off Ruby but stood close. The vampire stood as well, not caring that she was wet from head to toe. Her eyes were on the grey wolf. She would not hesitate to punch the wolf if it attacked her again. Rapid footsteps were heard with a gush of air and Esme stopped next to her. She grasped Ruby's arm and inspected her for any injury. "Are you alright?" Esme urgently asked. "I'm fine," she reassured the motherly vampire without looking away from the wolf. The smaller grey wolf snarled at Ruby, her stance ready to pounce again. Ruby returned the snarl, ignoring Esme's warning to back away. She could feel Esme trying to pull her away from the wolf but she didn't move. She will relax once the pack would leave. "We didn't mean to cross over," Carlisle explained to the wolves, his eyes on Emmett and Ruby. "I apologize on the misunderstanding." The black wolf shared a glance with one of its pack members. It glared back at Carlisle before letting out a growl. The black wolf started to head back to the line of trees and was followed by his pack except for two wolves. The gray wolf and the dark silvered wolf kept baring their teeth to Emmett and Ruby. From the corner of her eyes, she could see her brother wanting to throw a punch at the wolf that was standing on the rocks. Rosalie, who was standing next to Emmett, was grasping his arm in order to stop him from doing anything else. Ruby kept her attention on the grey wolf, waiting to see if it was going to attack again. The black wolf growled at the remaining wolves when he noticed they were not following him. It took a few seconds before both wolves started to retreat back with the rest of the pack. Emmett let out a frustrated growl. "Is that it?" "We can't do anything else at the moment. She managed to escape when we got distracted by the pack," Carlisle calmly explained Emmett. Emmett punched one of the rocks in frustration and ran back home with Rosalie following behind. "We should head back home," Carlisle softly said, not taking his eyes from the retreating pack. "I will inform Edward of the situation." Ruby glanced down at herself and grimaced at her wet clothes. "Let's go," Esme softly told the dark haired eighteen year old. She glanced back to where Victoria had disappeared. She let out a frustrated snarl before following her family back to the house. Her brother is going to be furious of the redhead's escape. So that's the first chapter. Let me know what you guys think so far of the story.