and he knew that he didn't want this to be the way he would come for the first time of the night. Yes he wanted this all night. He stilled her hips and stood up carrying her upstairs to her room. Bella squealed at the fast motion before settling down when he put her on the bed. Embry was too impatient as his wolf was clawing for control so he stripped out of his clothes the moment he put her on the bed. He saw the way Bella's eyes strayed to his engorged cock and he could tell she was nervous. Embry moved closer to her and she looked up at him clearly trying to figure out what came next. "It's okay, Bella." He took her delicate hand and placed it over his heart letting her feel the speed that at which his heart was racing. "I'm nervous too. I've never done this before." He reassured her. She nodded before removing her tank top and proved his suspicions right that she was indeed not wearing a bra. He laid on the bed and cradled her in his arms feeling skin upon skin. It sent shivers through his body. A rumbling purr sounded in his chest and he felt Bella sigh as she rested her head on his bare chest. He rubbed his hands up and down her back slowly touching ever part of her skin, but not touching uncharted territory. She sniffed him, collecting his enticing scent. He could tell that she was feeling more comfortable so he pulled her closer to him pressing a heated kiss to her lips. She moved causing her breasts to rub deliciously over his chest causing his whole body to shudder with want. Once again the animal took control and in a fast move pushed her back into the bed with a low growl. She looked up at him with eyes drunk with passion and that was all the incentive he needed to rip her shorts and panties off. Later he would be upset with himself for ruining those tiny shorts that looked so good on her, though her little cry of surprise would more than make up for it. He nuzzled his face into her neck as his fingers trailed her chest before tweaking a pert nipple that made Bella cry out in pleasure. Embry kissed down her neck and to her right breast taking the rose tip into his mouth and circling it with his moist tongue. Bella was moaning and he could smell her arousal. It was addicting. Embry knew he would never get enough of it. His finger traced down her body to the curls of her sex and slowly he touched her nether lips. Bella bucked her hips into him letting the tip of his index finger slip inside her. Embry pushed his digit into her heated channel and he groaned when he felt how tight she was. His dick throbbed as it ached to be the one inside her. Embry knew he needed to work her up to it, because he was pretty big and she was so tiny. "Oh... oh please..." She begged trying to get more of something she did not know how to get. He began pumping faster giving into her request and she moaned his name. When he added a second finger he felt her walls start to flutter so he picked up speed and took her nipple into his mouth. Bella fell over the edge quickly with a scream upon her lips. Embry slowed his fingers before pulling them out and licking them clean. He did not want to waste her nectar. His body hovered over hers as he touched his mushroom tip to her nether lips rubbing himself along those slick folds. He groaned at the friction. "Oh God, please. I... Embry,..." Bella tried to speak but she was coming up short with the need for him that coursed through her body. "What Bella?" He said hoarsely still rubbing the tip of his cock against her. "I... I need you... please." He nodded and held his breath trying to keep control over himself. Embry slowly eased his aching member into her wet channel and stopped when he felt resistance. She was so damn warm and so, so tight. He worried he would just come right there. Embry let out a breath. "Please..." She whispered as her face scrunched up. "I know it's going to hurt, but I need to feel you all the way." He pushed past the barrier and was fully sheathed inside of her, as she cried out only briefly. She panted a few times and then took a deep, resetting breath and settled herself under him in a comfortable position. They were one in the most intimate of ways. "Fuck," he groaned. Embry held still letting her have time to adjust to the intrusion. He peppered kisses all over her face and then he felt her stiff body relax. "Are you okay?" He asked his lips brushing against hers as he spoke. "Yes, it feels good. You can move now. I need you to move I think. It's okay." she swallowed. Embry pulled out and then plunged back into her. It was a sensual dance between them and it was so natural that it seemed like they had always been making love. The breathy moans and cries of passion echoed in the room. Bella's head thrashed from side to side as she met him thrust to thrust. Embry felt his balls tighten and knew he would not last much longer. His hand reached between them and his finger began to circle her little nub. It only took a few passes before she gripped his cock, milking him with her juices. Embry pushed home hard twice before spilling his seed into her. "Embry!" She screamed as she came. He roared his release and bit into her neck. She was his and now everyone would know it. A/N- Thanks for reading!