as he had when I'd left during Spring Break. Although the circumstances had been different, I couldn't believe Edward was making me leave home for the second time in less than a year. The hours passed by quickly, possibly because I was dreading the conversation with my dad, and before I knew it, Charlie was unlocking the front door. I was sitting in the living room when he came in, and judging by the look on his face, he wasn't happy. " Would you like to tell me why you left school, young lady?" Charlie's nostrils flared, but he couldn't hide the panic in his eyes. I could easily tell that he was extremely worried about me. "I come back to the office to find a message from Ms. Cope saying that you never came back after something involving clothes." I remained silent. "What's going on, Bells? Is this about him leaving?" " The Cullens are still in Forks," I said and shuddered at my own words, all the painful events that had led to this moment crushed me. "Edward and Alice are in school." Charlie's face showed many emotions—anger, shock, pity, and caution—before he took a seat beside me on the couch. We were silent for a few minutes, both of us staring at the other, not sure what to say. " And…" Charlie motioned for me to continue. " And they want nothing to do with me," I responded and felt my chest heave as I struggled to choke the words out. " Why that miserable bastard…I should go over…no, I should call Carlisle...I should…argh!" For a moment, I thought Charlie was going to kill someone. I'd never seen him that furious before. However, after a few seconds, he took a deep breath and said, "What do you want to do, Bells?" " I…uh," I stammered, suddenly feeling embarrassed about my decision. "I was thinking about taking Mom up on her offer." " Oh." Charlie's shoulders fell, and his gaze found the floor. " I just think it's for the best," I rationalized and tried to get my dad to look at me. "This could be a fresh start." " Are you really going to let him chase you off?" Charlie's head snapped up as he spoke, and I was shocked at the anger in his eyes. "You're really going to leave home because of some boy?" I didn't know what to say; everything Charlie said was the truth. But what more could I do? Knowing that Edward was showering Jessica with affection was hardly bearable; seeing it would kill me. I had to preserve whatever form of dignity I still had. " Bells, if you think this is a good idea, I'll support you," Charlie hedged and ran a hand through his hair. "I just hate to lose you again." " You won't lose me, Dad," I promised and offered him a smile, or as close to one as I could manage. "I could visit—or we could do San Diego again." He nodded, halfheartedly. "We'll figure something out." " All right, kiddo," Charlie said, defeated. "When are you planning on leaving?" " Uh," I glanced down at my suitcases, "today." " How about tomorrow?" Charlie glanced at the clock. "It's a four hour drive to Seattle, Bells, and a long flight on top of that." I conceded and retreated to my room for the rest of the night, taking time to set my alarm clock for six in the morning, and when the sun rose the next day, I was ready to go. Charlie was less compliant, and I had to continuously poke my head in his room to make sure he had actually woken up. I did feel a little bad for making him get up so early, so I made it up to him by scrambling some eggs. It took us five and a half hours to pack up the car, drive to Seattle, and purchase my one way ticket to Florida. The previous night, Charlie had called and let Renee know what was happening; so there was no worry that Mom would be surprised, or that I would be stranded at the airport. Charlie and I hugged one another, an awkward move for both of us, but as the seconds passed, neither one of us tried to pull away. The past eight months had brought us closer together, and I was thankful for it. In fact, I actually felt like I'd miss my dad. As the aircraft pulled away, I peered out the window and spied my dad waving slowly to me. I knew he wouldn't see me, but I did it anyway. I stared out the window until we were high in their air. Once the ground was a spot below, I leaned back and chuckled. I laughed because, a few seconds prior, I had thought I'd seen someone standing behind Charlie. He had a familiar mop of bronze hair, wearing a blue shirt, with extremely pale skin. That was ridiculous, of course; why would Edward have come to see me off? Author's Note: PLEASE READ! None of the Cullens will be in this story! Also, this is a W.I.P. (Work in Progress), and updates will not come often. (Often = an update every Tuesday) This story is very dear to my heart, and I want to make sure that it unfolds appropriately. This story will also be available on t w i l i g h t e d . n e t, however it hasn't been validated yet. While I don't expect anyone to review my stories, I would love to know what you think so far. Also, I know there are plenty of twi-fans out there that hate depressed Bella. Unfortunately, I'm trying to keep her character canon until the last possible minute, which means she's going to be crying over Edward. I don't relish writing her like that, but, I hope, it'll make her transformation that much more awesome.