parents left on Friday morning so Collin picked us up after school. Aunt Rachel brought Lina so that she could sleep over for the weekend. Harry, Chris and Kara came over in the afternoon. "I can't wait until they come!" I told Lina as we shared a bowl of ice cream. "Me either. I haven't seen Chris in a while." She told me. She had a huge crush on him since two years ago when he snuck us all out to a midnight movie and she fell asleep against his shoulder. Chris always let us do things that our parents would never allow us to do which was why we all loved him. Chris saw us all as his little cousins. Lina was 13, so she also fell under the little cousin category and she hated it. We spent most of the afternoon going through mom and aunt Leah's closet to get something for her to wear that made her look older. "Do you really think this is going to work?" I asked her. "No." She told me sadly. "But its worth trying. He's worth me making a fool of myself." She said as she looked at herself in the mirror. "Maybe you need more than just a change of clothes." I told her skeptically. "What do you mean?" Lina tried on my mom's earrings and smiled satisfied when she looked at herself. "Maybe you need to shock him. Talk to him as a grown up." Chris was a happy, open and carefree guy but he was never going to be open minded enough to go for a 13 year old. "And how do you suggest I do that?" She asked me. I honestly didn't know. "I don't know. Its just an idea." She opted for some skinny jeans with momma's favorite heels and a loose translucent blouse that had a tight tank top underneath. I accessorized the outfit with a belt and I pulled her hair to the side with a decorative pin. I may be tall and fat but I was still half Cullen so I knew how to dress. "Eep! I look so good! I have missed you so much! No have no idea!" She told me and I rolled my eyes at her. "Sure sure. You mean you missed my fashion sense." She giggled. "That too." She said and then she hugged me. We walked to the kitchen when we heard the door open. "Honey! I'm home!" Chris yelled out as he came into the foyer. I ran over to him and he picked me up easily. Liam went over to his brother Harry and gave him a big hug while Lina stood by the hall trying to look cute for Chris. "Seriously kid. Did you get taller?" Chris asked me. I shrugged. "Maybe a few inches." Kara came over and gave me a hug. "Well she is on the volleyball team now." Liam told them "Volleyball? You? I hope you took video little bro cause this I gotta see." Harry told Liam. I crossed my arms and grunted. Even my stupid family made fun of me. "Is this why you come to visit? To make fun of me?" I tried not to pout. Harry laughed and pulled me into his arms. "Aww. I missed that little pout." He told me. Chris laughed and then he walked over to Lina. "Wow. Look at you kiddo. You sure grew up fast. So how many boys am I going to have to kill?" He told Lina behind me. I turned around just in time to see her blush. "Thanks. You look grown up too." I saw her blush even further and Chris laughed and gave her a quick hug. Kara immediate stepped in and hugged her dragging her to the kitchen while she asked her a bunch of questions about school. I followed them to the kitchen and we started talking about the new school. We all talked for a few hours before we headed out to the tribal bonfire. Grandpa Billy and aunt Rachel would be telling the story this time. Collin and Randy, one of the other wolves that lived with us, were out for a run so when they got back we left for the bonfire. I was glad for it. I was starting to feel sorry for Lina and her terrible attempts at flirting. Chris had come to a few tribal bonfires when he was younger but he had never heard aunt Rachel talk about the legends so he decided to come with us. Normally, Cullens wouldn't be allowed but Chris and Harry were usually tied at the hip so he was allowed in our lands at any time. He was the first non-imprinted hybrid allowed in our lands followed by Kara before she married Harry. You would think that they were finally starting to diversify but it was all bullshit. Sam and his old pack still hated us. There was a clear division between the Cullen allies and the Cullen haters. I really hated these events. I said hi to my grandfather and took my seat between Collin and Mica. Ally, one of my bullies, was sitting at Mica's other side but Mica was blocking me from her line of sight. She was younger than me but she was still a bitch! I liked to sit between two wolves because they were big enough to hide my from people's stares. Collin put his arm around me when they told the story about my grandmother. I hated this part the most. I could hear the mumbles but I couldn't understand what they were saying. Chris always tried to lighten the mood by making jokes during the ceremony. Grandpa Billie would always glare at him but I could tell that he was trying not to laugh at some of Chris's comments. After the storytelling portion of the evening everyone started eating. I saw Lina and Chris walk off and I mentally wished her good luck.