says yes. I like that word on her lips. I help her straighten that gorgeous red dress with the V-neck that goes to just below her breasts. She is in a haze and has forgotten about her panties; the ones safely tucked in my pocket. The panties she won't be getting back. We are walking to my car in the parking lot. Well, more like briskly walking . Okay, truth be told, I am trying not to break out in a run and drag her there. My body is still humming from the orgasm I just had . She looked so innocent, but it never crossed my mind she was a virgin. I can't lie; I like the thought of her being only mine. If I can help it, no one will ever touch her again other than me. I don't think I could have stopped even if she had asked me too. Thank God she didn't. Just the thought of another man touching her causes me to pull her closer to me. As we approach the car, I can feel my cock start to wake up again. I guess it's just the knowledge that we will be at my apartment soon, and I can properly worship her and her body. Just as we reach my car, Closer by Nine Inch Nails begins thumping from the club. I can hear the lyrics and I'm sure she can too. I wanna fuck you like and animal I want to feel you from the inside I wanna fuck you like an animal My whole existence is flawed I look at her, knowing I just did, but seeing her in the dim light of the parking lot, her hair gently blowing in the breeze, her scent swirling around me, the red against her skin, the way she is walking like a woman who was just thoroughly fucked for the first time… it does something to me. My semi-hard cock is now at full attention and wanting. Instead of leading her to the passenger's door, I pull her to the back of my car and push her on the back of it. I drive a Nissan GT-R, (don't ask why I picked a Nissan. It looked cool as shit, drove well, and got good mileage. I may be wealthy but I am conservative), customized (no shitty spoiler on the back), so the back of my car is perfect for what I am about to do. I have never fucked a woman on the back of my car, so I guess this can be my first. I push her back until she is lying flat. The music from the club almost has me in a trance, as I look at Bella. I push her skirt up until she is bare before me and her ass, that delicious, toned, extremely bitable ass, is directly on the cool metal of my car. Less slippage. I unbutton my slacks and push them and my boxers down just far enough to free my painful erection. I don't speak. I just act. I run my hands under her shoulder blades and let them rest on the tops of her shoulder, and then pull her down forcefully as I slam into her. We both let out some kind of feral moans. I didn't even know I could make that noise. Hearing it from Bella is fucking hot. I am relentless, hard, fast and completely possessed by her. Her head tips back and I take the opportunity to lean forward and latch onto her neck. Shit, even the skin of her neck tastes good . I am pounding into her and pulling her down all at the same time. Being in complete control like this with her is like fucking Heaven. I barely notice the group of college boys walking to their cars. But the thought of one of them looking, seeing my Bella in the throes of passion like this, using the image for their sick pleasure later causes a caveman reaction in me I've never experience with anyone. I lean my body almost completely over her, like I am defending a fresh kill. I dare a fucker to look over here. Anger rockets through my blood at the thought … but I won't stop fucking her. I raise a hand and place it over her mouth to muffle the moans coming from her, all the while watching those pricks' every move. I admit I may have growled. Once they have pulled out of the parking lot, I turn my concentration back to our wicked good fucking. She is tight, wet and so, so warm. It is beginning to be too much, but when she arches her back and yells out MY name again, clamping down on my cock with her inner walls, and I feel her come, that's it for me. I unload everything in me. It begins to drip out of her. I don't think I have ever cum so hard or so much. And I did it saying her name like a prayer the whole time. As we catch our breath, I lightly stroke her hair, inhaling her scent like it's a drug. When we have both calmed enough, I gently help her sit up. As I look at her, she has a beautiful blush and a light sheen of sweat covering her angelic face that goes all the way down the V-neck of her dress. I'm sure it covers the rest of her amazing body. I swear she looks like she is glowing. This is all mine too. No one will ever see this either. Only me. Always only me. I place one hand around her tiny waist and one cradles her face. I lean in and give her a gentle kiss on her beautiful, swollen lips. I move to her ear, kissing the spot that drove her to distraction earlier and whisper something I hope I get to say repeatedly. "Let's go home mi ángel hermosa."