I'll understand. I'm sorry for this; I didn't want to cause trouble." "I can accept your apology, seeing as you're likely the only sensible one of your group. You can all leave now. Ness and Jake will stay for a while." they protested, all but Bella, Emmett, and even Carlisle. "Leave now." Caius growled. "Or Jane will have a field day with the lot of you." "As will I." I held Valentina to me. "I will consider Bella's request, but the rest of you are forbidden from going anywhere near my kids." the guards escorted them away, but Bella stayed for a brief moment. "Take care of yourself Trystan." and she left. "You handled that well Trystan, both of you did." Marcus smiled a bit. "Yeah…I guess we did." I kissed Valentina. "Let's go see the twins, I think we both need them right now." I did, and after we entered into the next room Ness looked at me as she handed over Damien while Janessa was in Jake's arms. 'Are you alright Trystan?' she thought. 'No, but I will be.' I had the Cullens out of my life again, but this time…I don't think they'll ever return. Ten years later: "Papa!" I was in my study going through some old books when my ten year old son Damien came running in. "What is it son?" I picked him up. "Mommy said Aunt Nessie and Uncle Jake are coming, when?" "In two days Damien, you'll just have to be patient. Where are Janessa and Carmen?" "They're playing with Grandma and Aunt Dora." "And why aren't you with them?" he made a face. "They're playing girl games." "Well then maybe you should go play with Alec." "Can't I play with you?" I smiled. "I'll play with you soon enough, I need to take care of these books for Grandpa. I'll be done soon though, I promise." he smiled. "Okay." I let him get down and he ran out of the room. "No running in the halls!" I called and I knew he heard me because his footsteps slowed. Ten years had passed since the encounter with the other Cullens, and it had been much more peaceful ever since. My twins had grown nicely, but along five years after they came Valentina and I were blessed with another daughter we named Carmen Didyme. She was a ball of energy, but she was like her brother and sister, mostly human. We had learned that the children would need small amounts of blood each month, but not much. They all drank a little human and animal, but they mainly fed on human food. None of the kids had special powers that we could see, but Aro and Marcus both said it wouldn't likely be until they got older and if not, they were still very special to us. They aged like normal humans, which made time with them more precious. Aro loved all his grandchildren and spoiled them rotten on occasions, but left most of the parenting to myself and Valentina. My children were my life, and so was their mother. Speaking of children, Ness and Jake had two kids of their own and another on the way. Their firstborn was a little eight year old boy named William Charlie for his grandfathers, and their second a six year old girl named Valerie Renee. They were the same as my kids, but only time would tell if they had any special powers. Ness was pregnant with another boy due in two months, and they were planning on naming him Jason Ephraim. I had met my niece and nephew and I loved them both greatly; the family visited ever other summer for a month at a time and every other year we would go and see them but only at their house, and the other Cullens kept away while we came. The other Cullens I hadn't spoken with since that day, but I let Bella have photos which I sent each month and a letter saying how they were. She wrote back saying she was glad they were happy, and sent them presents on their birthday and Christmas. I figured she would at least watch out for them if they ever met. From her letters the others were adamant after they left, but Carlisle set them all straight and it was done and over with. I would tell the kids about them one day, and if they chose to go and meet them when they were ready that was up to them. "Trystan…" I looked up from the book I had gone back to examining and saw my beautiful wife in the doorway. "Val, is something wrong?" she smiled, so I suppose nothing was wrong. "Trystan, come here." I couldn't refuse, but when I reached halfway I saw her hand touch her stomach. "Valentina, are you…?" she smiled bigger. "Are you pregnant?" "I am." in a rush of five seconds or less I picked Valentina up around the waist and spun her. She started laughing and I set her down. "Does anyone else know?" she shook her head. "Only you and I, not hard to tell after having three." we shared a kiss and I embraced her. "Another baby, what do you think boy or girl?" "Maybe another boy, we already have two girls." "Either way, we have all we could ever want." it was true, my life was now complete with my wife, my children, my family in the Volturi, and my family in Forks with Ness and her own. I had everything I could ever want, and could ask for nothing more. The End. Hope you all enjoyed it, took me two weeks total to make this shot. I did say it would be longer, and I hope you liked it but some opinions would be nice. If it looks a little rushed I'm sorry, but thanks to MsBitaBoo's fics I was inspired to make this and the prequel before it. R&R Later!