swinging a knee up towards his groin. He shakes his head. "I promised I'd take care of you." "Fuck you." I snarl at him. "You lying sack of shit. I won't let you take this from me. You murdered my parent's. Carlisle wouldn't lie. I trust him. He's my watcher and he wouldn't-" I'm cut off when he kisses me, hard and unyielding. A screech comes from the back of my throat, his scent blocking my senses. His hand drops from mine and wraps around my hair. "Give in." He murmurs agaisnt my lips. And for some reason, I do. It's like all the aggression I was feeling moments before, morphs into something else. More powerful. Lust. My arms wrap around his neck and his hard body pushes against mine. He groans when I pull at his hair, and when his lips move down my neck I sigh. My hands move over his back, down to his hips and up his chest. His lack of heartbeat beneath my fingertips is what snaps me back to reality. I wrench back from him, stumbling until my back hits rough bark. "Bella..." He whispers. I shake my head. "Stay away from me." "I'm telling the truth." He pleads. "If you're not gone by tomorrow, I'm coming for you." I tell him, but the shake in my voice ruins any threat. I walk back towards the house on shaky legs and thankfully, he doesn't follow. . . . . I go back to searching. Over and over I play the old VHS movies at night, looking for any clues. Something that will lead me to what really happened. But three weeks after I told Edward to leave, I'm still in the dark. I dig through old drawers, the garage, the attic. Days I spend ridding the house of junk. Alice thinks I'm just getting broody over graduation, but thats the furthest thing from my mind. I just want answers. The night before graduation, I find it in the form of an old video camera, hidden in a box of trinkets labelled "Family". It gives me everything I need. . . . . Hit the target. Hit the target. Hit the target. I shoot, and hit straight through the red dot. Carlisle claps slowly behind me as I lower my arms. "Perfect. You nailed it." "Thanks." I nod. "We're not finished yet, though. There's still miles of-" "I know what happened to my parents." I cut him off. "Of course you do," He sais the words like a question, giving away his underlying lie. "They were murdered." "By you." My back is still facing him, packing away the small collection of weapons I have into my rucksack. He's silent behind me the whole time I'm readying to leave. "He's lying to you." He eventually murmurs. "You'd really brand your own son a liar?" I scoff, turning to face him. "Edward's right. You really are a prick." "What's gotten into you?" He gapes at me. "I never thought you'd be the one to associate yourself with demonic bloodsuckers." If it were any other situation, his expression would make me laugh. "The truth, that what's gotten into me." I nod. "I've been watching old home movies for over a month now, and Edward is in nearly half of them. My parents trusted him and he trusted them, too. Even after he'd turned, he still managed to be around us." "He betrayed their trust!" Carlisle yells, losing his composure. "No, you did." I stay calm. "See, there was one final video. I don't know why the camera was recording at that particular moment, or who pressed the button. It's only a few seconds long, not enough to really show me how you did it, but I saw you." His face goes blank, all emotion wiped away. "You stepped over my mothers body. You walked right over her and out the front door, without so much as a second glance." I hiss in a low voice. "She lay broken in the hallway, and you tread on her like a discarded fucking toy." "It was nessesary." He sais flatly. "A means to an end." I shake my head. "You're insane." "Maybe." He agrees. "But it's gotten me this far. Look what we've accomplished. We can achieve so much more. We're ready to go out and fight." I nod. "I am stronger because of what you taught me, there's no doubt." "See? You understand, don't you?" He smiles proudly at me. "I understand my purpose now, yeah." I smile, then throw the small knife hiding up my sleeve in his direction. Once again, I get my target. He holds one bloody ear, a yelp escaping him as the blade slices through his earlobe and hits the tree directly behind him. "You have one day. One day to leave Forks. You pack your shit and leave by this time tomorrow, or I'll come for you." It's not lost on me that this is the second time this month I've conveyed this threat. I swing my bag over my shoulder. "It'll be your throat I cut if I find you." He stares up at me from where he's crouched over, still holding his injured ear. He sneers at me, a mixture of astonishment and rage. "I'm only giving you this chance because of what you've done for me. You've given me skills I never knew I could possess and I'm grateful for that." I turn my back on him, walking away. "But this is the last time we'll ever speak. If I see you again, I'll kill you." He yells my name, along with thinly veiled threats. I just keep walking, and when I get home and find Edward waiting for me on the porch, I'm not mad. I'm relieved he's come back. He smiles, and then I'm smiling. Hunter or not, he's my family. My home. My one last link to my parent's, and I won't lose that. Not now, not ever.