I'm afraid he'll follow me somehow and can't risk going straight to Washington. *FFTC* "I thought we were done for when the cleaning lady walked in. Holy fuck! You though…" He tugs on his hair with both hands and opens his mouth but no words come out. "You were amazing!" I lay back on my elbows and tilt my face to the sun. "They see worse all the time I'm sure. Two people duck taped is probably softcore to them." We're headed to St. Thomas, and so far haven't had any reason to think The Newton's talked. I stalk them on social media and they claim to have just got back from an awesome anniversary weekend. Morons. "Hey, I'm going to head below to catch a quick nap, are you okay to stay up?" I ask Tony. "I'm too amped up to sleep. I'll yell if I need you," he says with a smirk and leans over to grab my ass. I kiss his cheek and head below deck. It feels like my eyelashes weigh five pounds, the urge to sleep is so strong. I can't be out for very long though, so I set an alarm for every ten minutes to keep myself from falling into a deep sleep. " Bella." I swear I hear my name, but that doesn't make sense. No one here knows my name. " Isabella, my love." What the hell is going on? Something hard and colder than ice is gently touching up my arm, like a kiss from a stone instead of lips. It moves to my shoulder, and then up my neck. A cool breeze in my ear makes me shiver, but feels amazing in this heat. " You're having a nightmare, love. Please wake up for me." I forcemy still-sleep-heavy eyes open and see Anthony hovering over me. But it's not Tony, it's a paler version, with golden eyes, who sparkles like my ring did in the sun. "Are you okay, love?" His cold hand moves my hair out of my face and cups my cheek. His brow furrows in confusion, but his lips curl up at the corner like something is funny. "Edward?" I ask and wonder what the hell is going on again. "You don't feel feverish, but you've slept all day. And you've been yelling and talking quite a bit in your sleep." He cups my face and kisses me much too quickly. "May I ask who Tony is?" "Oh. My. God." I sit up and kiss all over his sweet face. "I just had the most fucked up dream like...ever!" I slap my hand over my mouth. "Quite the language for a married woman." Edward tsks me while smiling like a goon. He narrows his eyes and leans to whisper in my ear, "I like it," he says teasingly and pulls me to straddle his lap. "If you like that, just wait...there was a whole lot more to my dream than swear words." I close my eyes and try to remember it all before it leaves me. "I was gone and Charlie wanted answers. I was so tired and all this crap was in my room. And Rose and Alice took me to some beach and we drank and then I was using guys and conning them out of stuff by sleeping with them and threatening to tell their wives." I take a giant breath and hold Edward's lips shut so he can't interrupt me. "And then I met you, but it wasn't you. And we teamed up to blackmail swingers and we took all their money and...and..." "You aren't making any sense, Bella," he says looking confused and incredibly jealous. Thank God I left out the whole part about Jacob, he'd probably kill him. "Neither did my dream, Edward," I say to patronize him. "God, it feels good to say your name. I knew you were lying about being Tony." I kiss him just because I can. He hesitates to kiss me back and tilts his head to the side as though he's looking at someone he doesn't know. "So you dreamt about having sex with other men, is that correct?" "Oh, well...yeah. But it was only a dream and you were the only one I wanted and the only one who was any good," I say and try to look innocent. I bite my lip and wrap my arms around his neck. "Are you sure you aren't regretting us, this marriage…" I stop his rambling by pressing my body to his and kissing him on the lips with all my strength. I pull back and plead,"Can we please forget my dream and get back to our honeymoon? I only want you." "Of course," he says, relieved I think to not get any more details. "First, you have to promise me something." He looks at me as though this is life or death, "Anything." "Never." I sit up straighter and point my finger at him. "I mean never! Let me lay eyes on Mike Newton or Jessica Stanley again." He laughs so hard I'm shaking and I slap his arm to stop him, not that it hurts him, but still. "You're serious?" He asks, doubting me. "Dead. Fucking. Serious." I cross my arms and wait for him to get control of himself enough to stop smiling. "Then I swear on my life you will never see them again," he says with such sincerity I can't help but smile. He lays me on my back and hovers over me, his eyes turning from gold to lust filled black. "So, Mrs. Cullen, I think maybe we should take today to remind you of the perks of marrying a vampire," he says seductively and lifts my leg to kiss a trail from my ankle to my hip. I run my fingers through his hair and ask "and what would that be Edward?" He kisses up my neck and breathes into my ear, "we never have to stop." THE END