rainbow, gay power, you know." She said as if it was an obvious fact about the dream. "They were all there, and somehow, Oscar Isaac was there too, I don't know why. "Anyway when I saw Jasper everything went quiet and I didn't even need to walk to him, It's like just by looking at him I was already next to him. I told him I had been waiting for him even though I had just arrived and he said he was sorry then we started to super make out, which is like normal make out but with that extra super to empower it." What the fu… "Don't look at me like that, I know what I saw. This is going to happen," she said looking up and crossing her arms. I didn't even have the words to say something. "We're going to meet Oscar Isaac?" I asked mockingly. She slapped my arm and I couldn't help but laugh. I was actually interested in meeting him more than going to the party. It must have been some guy if she was so persistent on going. However, I would fight this. Alice had a way of persuading me to do stuff. I still haven't managed to know how she did it but I thought it had to do with the fact that when she presented her cases as to why we needed to do something, she would mention the greater good. Like, she would tell me it would make her happy, or it would make Rosalie happy — even though Rose didn't even care if I went to have a coffee with her or not — or it would change someone's life. Something that made me feel bad for saying no, so I would end up agreeing to whatever crazy thing she said we could do and then I would have to pay the consequences like getting lost in a club, having to deal with Rosalie's arrogant boyfriend or buying a fifty dollar dress from a stranger woman who donated half of her shop incomes to some creative named charity. But to go to the party of some unknown dude who was the brother and friend of another two unknown dudes who knew Rosalie from her boyfriend's work? Yeah, okay… Maybe it was my father's police instinct kicking in, but not only it was stupid it was also irresponsible. We didn't know these people, Alice had said Rose didn't like them and I was willing to go on Rosalie's side with this. So this guy who invited them kept going after her even though he knew she had a boyfriend? That was kind of an asshole move. True, the blonde almost-supernatural-beautiful woman didn't even like me — or anyone — but she might had something to hold against that guy. And Alice was expecting me to go with her? "Belly, I'm being serious. What if I never see this man again?" "I can assure you, you can see him again without having to go to this party. I know you have your ways." She did. Sherlock Holmes didn't have a thing on Alice Brandon. "And no one is saying you are not going to go. I'm just saying I'm not going with you." "Oh so you just expect me to drop by alone? To a stranger's party? I'm not an idiot, Bella." Oh my god. I looked at her raising an eyebrow. Was she serious right now? Didn't I just…? Ugh. I rolled off bed and placed my feet on the wooden floor. It was warm, since Alice and Rose had central heating in the building where they lived. I sighed before searching for my sneakers. Alice sat up. "You're leaving? I'm sorry. I didn't mean to upset you. We don't have to go if you don't want to. I can try convincing Rose…" She trailed off. I let out a small breath tying my laces. "No, it's okay. We can go." I said in a low voice. Part of me hoped she wouldn't have listened so we wouldn't have to go but if she was so excited about this — enough to try to convince Rosalie — then I could do this for her. After all, that's what friends where for, right? And yeah, another third part thought that maybe this could be right for me. To try and work more on socializing and all that kind of crap, more like try to not drift further from people. The thing was, going out made me a little scared. I had discovered a thing I hated about it. I liked drinking. Well, not actually drinking but what I felt when I drank. For someone as shy and introvert as I was, drinking alcohol relaxed the hell out of me. Made me more friendly and chatty, which was nice, but with my family's history… it scared me profoundly the fact that I found drinking to be an advantage for me. I didn't want it to be and I didn't want to resort to it. It's not that I was afraid I was going to become an alcoholic but — well, family history. "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god," I heard Alice screaming before getting almost completely knocked out of bed with the hug that came from her strangling me with her skinny and small arms. "I love you so much Bella, you have no idea. I promise I won't leave your side and you won't get lost and we are going to have so much fun!" She squealed still holding me. "Ali, I do really need to go. I promised gran I would be home by six." I said struggling to get her arms of off me. "I can take you, I want to say hi to her." I turned back once her arms left my shoulders and looked at her incredulously. "You just want an excuse to get invited for dinner." Alice laughed melodiously but didn't deny it.