he walked out of the room. Esme just gave me a dissapointed look. That look hurt worse then thousands of transformation. Carlisle had yet to say anything. I watched as he kissed Esme's cheek then turned to me. Here it comes. "If you do not have the balls to change her yourself, I will gladly do it. I want my daughter here more then anything. So you two better kiss and make up soon." He got up and helped Esme off the couch. They walked up the stairs and into his study. I swallowed and then flew away from the wall as Rosalie punched me. "What the hell Rose?" Her punch actually hurt. Rose was crouching in front of me glaring at me. "When you came home that day and said that you had found your mate, I was happy. Then you said she was human. I was pissed. Why couldn't your mate be a vampire? Why did you have to go through the struggle of being with a human? "I couldn't understand why you saved her that day at school. Nor why you stalked her in Port Angeles. Now I know what happened that day. When you showed up the next day with her stepping out of your car... I felt like I wanted to rip her apart. Here was a girl who would either be good for you or who would hurt you and leave you broken. "As time went on we saw a side of you we had never seen before. You laughed a lot more. You smiled more. Your eyes would light up when you saw her across the parking lot. Or when you talked about her. I started thinking that this is a girl that would join the family and I wouldn't mind having her as a sister. "When James attacked, I should have handled that better. I appologize. When I saw you two step off that airplane a month ago.. Bella truely became my sister. She proved that she would do anything for you. I felt better knowing that you would be in good hands. When Alice told her you were in trouble, she dropped everything and ran to you. She faced the Volturi and didn't care! She faced the oldest and badest vampires of our history Edward! For you! "When you were gone hunting last week I told her my story. She listened and then told me that that wasn't her. That she didn't want anything but you. It didn't matter that she would never be able to have a child nor grow old with you. She wanted you. She wanted to share eternity with you. She said that she would be okay during the first year of being a newborn because you would be there to help her. Because we would be there to help her. And she trusts us not to let her stumble. She trusts us to not let her harm any humans." Rosalie walked over to me and hugged me to her. "Ed... She knows what she wants. Stop trying to put it off. I want my sister safe. I actually want to spend many decades with her, getting to know her." She laughed, "I want to see her and Alice butt heads when Alice buys her clothes that she doesn't want. So please Edward, stop fighting her." ...well damn... never saw that coming. I looked up and noticed that Emmett and Jasper had rejoined this little group. They were standing in front if us with Alice between them. Jasper tossed me my keys and Alice grabbed Carlisle's. "We are going to go to Bella's and wait for her there." Jasper said as he lifted me up. I drove to Bella's house in a daze. I actually went to speed limit. We pulled up to her house and noticed that the cruiser was gone. I turned my car off and the door opened. Jasper yanked me out of my seat and sat me on the porch. I sat there for who knows how long. I ignored the rain as it poured down on me. I ignored Alice as she gasped. I blocked out every sound. I was too busy replaying every word that had been said that afternoon. Maybe...just maybe, my family was right. I looked up when I heard the cruiser pull up into the driveway. I was shocked when Jasper placed his hand on my shoulder and I was hit with extreme sadness, disapointment, anger, hurt and confusion. I didn't have to ask. I knew he was showing just a little bit of what Bella was feeling at the moment. I couldn't look at her as she walked up to us. I listened as she greeted Alice and Jazz. But she ignored me. I guess I deserved it. I cringed when she told us to tell Carlisle and Esme that she was sorry. I watched as she walked inside and I had a feeling that this was going to get worse before it got better. Charlie looked at me. Okay, he glared at me as he passed me. I caught glimpses of him getting a call from Sam. Him rushing down to La Push with the sirens on. Of him worrying over his unconcious daughter. Of her crying on his lap. Of him threatening to kill me. I knew I was definatly screwed. I gave him a weak nod as he passed. I got up, tossed Alice my keys and then sped off to the woods. I didn't stop until I reached the place where she parked her car when I took her to my...our meadow. Where I first kissed her. Where I first picked her up and ran with her. I ran to the meadow and just laid there thinking. I ignored my phone ringing. I ignored my family calling me. I just curled up into a ball and cluched my chest where my dead heart was breaking into a million pieces. A/N: It get's better.