soon. The assignment for today requires for us to work together, so we get away with speaking. Edward leans on our half-made poster about the diminishing ozone layer when I lean closer and ask, "From your behavior earlier, I take it that you don't like your new-found fame? Or is it old? Do girls always swoon and faint at the sight of you? If so, I'm sorry to disappoint you." It isn't that I don't like Edward, because I do. He's a likable guy like that. (Too many likes, I might need to find a synonym dictionary.) But my problem is that when I get annoyed, I take it out on the wrong way. I throw sarcasm at my insecurities and expect everything to heal itself. I usually fail, but I don't want to lose a potential friend because of my passive attack. Or is it aggressive? Geez, I think too much. Surprised, Edward locks eyes with me and I finally realize what all the fuss is about. His green eyes are "a sight to behold." (But no, I do not blush after having thought that. I blush in awkward situations, like if I had walked in on people having sex or something. I would blush if there were a chance, but lying to myself isn't one of my admirable qualities.) Therefore, no blushing from me. "Uh," he stutters. "Um, no. It was never like that in Chicago. I dunno what's their problem." "I do. It's the eyes." I point at mine before pointing at his. "Definitely the eyes." "Excuse me?" "They're—" I shut up before saying something equally dumb and embarrassing, "—green." "So?" he asks. "What does that have to do with anything?" "It's, well, rare." I swallow. "Maybe they've never seen that before." "That's insane." "That's life. Anyway, if you have that many admirers, why did you sit next to the one who had the audacity not to fall on her knees in front of you?" "Exactly." He points at me with his ballpoint pen before adding something to the poster. "Exactly. I needed a friend." "I'm your friend?" He avoids my eyes. "I mean, uh. It's just..." I chuckle, leaning closer and pretending secrecy as I whisper, "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone." He leans away. I think I have a small seizure when I realize what he might think. I cringe. The thing with being unappealing (and knowing it!) is that I forget that people can easily take my bold actions the wrong way. And my actions are straight-forward only because I am fully aware of how ugly I look. I just don't stand a chance. But I probably need to let Edward know that. No hay problema. "Good." He smiles. "I was so afraid to be seen around you." "That wouldn't make you any different from anyone else, really," I joke, smiling. "No biggie." He huffs and smiles, probably not quite sure if I'm joking or not. Unfortunately, Biology ends soon and we go our different ways for the rest of the day. Until Drama rolls around. There aren't that many people in our Drama class. It has changed a lot over the years, sometimes reaching as many as forty four people, sometimes as little as nine, but this year, we have twenty people, most of whom were here last year as well. The thing about our Drama class is that it includes students from all grades, starting from Grant Elementary School (some from East Side) and ending with North Cedar High School. The older students sometimes belittle and tease the younger ones (yes, I am speaking from experience), but we mostly have a nice environment. We laugh and joke and fool around and improvise with the assignment we've been given. Mostly improvise. We're currently working on Andrew Lloyd Webber's Cats (you know, the musical written after T. S. Eliot's Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats ? Exactly, a musical. You might as well cover your ears before Christmas.) The Arts people are already trying to create the best junkyard (with little point, I might add, since a junkyard shouldn't be the most difficult task in the world. Just throw a few garbage bins upside down and—tada! I am a genius. Then again, it would smell pretty horrible. Oh, well.) Anyway, as we're reading through the plot (we only have an hour to perform it) and adding jokes to the flat tone of the dialogue, there's a knock on the door. I, being the organizational part of our group and a bit of a leader of sorts, (not to mention, being me), yell, "It's open!" Edward's curly and uncombed hair peeks in. "Is this, um, room—" He checks something from paper. "Nine oh one?" A few chuckles make Edward purse his lips. I smile, trying not to laugh. "The first number signifies the number of the floor. We don't have nine floors." Edward fumbles, frowns at his paper and turns it upside down. "One oh six?" "Yup." He shuts the door. "Sorry about the lack of number plates on our doors. Our Student Body President has been trying to fix this problem for a while. Adam used graffiti to make vice principal realize we need numbers, but he got detention for two months and we got smelly corridors." A few people laugh. "Are you gonna join us? The teacher's in some sort of a conference, so I'm your boss today." He looks around to see people snicker and tease me. Edward frowns. He doesn't move. "Grab a chair, Edward." I point at the chairs next to the windows before I realize I haven't introduced him to the others. "Oh, people, that's Edward. He's from—" I turn to Edward. "You're from Chicago, correct?" "Um, yes." "—Chicago. He's made peace with my imaginary friend and he likes to, well, I'm not sure, but we'll find out." A/N: Please comment and hate and nitpick and ramble and ask questions. I love it all. I'll reply and love you.