heart settled. His eyes softened and a smile spread over his face. "Engaged, Bella? Who is this lucky guy? Ah, now I'm hurt! You weren't even going to tell me?" Her grin was proud, happy… content. Carlisle breathed a little easier knowing that his consternation had gone unnoticed. "Of course I was! I mean, I was going to send you a card. Wait," she scrambled to her feet and grabbed something from the desk in the corner of the room. His name looked back at him from the embossed envelope, and his smile this time came easier. She really did want him in her life. He felt emotion well up in his heart, and he gulped down the unexpected tears. "I didn't know if you'd come, but I hoped… And his name is Edward Masen. We live here together actually. He should be back home soon, so you can meet him." She stood and grabbed her phone from the kitchen, rushing back. "Here, I'll show you pictures. He's 26, and just graduated from medical school. We met pretty soon after I moved here, so we've been together for more than 4 years already." "Almost five years, babe," called out a deep, attractive voice from the direction of the front door. A tall, handsome young man with bright green eyes and tousled auburn hair walked in, happily accepting a hug from his fiancée. Turning to the older man, he paused, looking over swiftly at Bella, before holding out his hand. "I'm Edward Masen, sir. It's a pleasure to meet you. Bella's told me a lot about you." "Pleasure's mine, Edward. Please, call me Carlisle. And congratulations." "So you will come, won't you?" Bella cut in, her excitement hard to contain. "Of course I will, darling. Try and keep me away," Carlisle laughed at her hopeful expression. Then sobering up, he tentatively asked, "I don't want you to take this the wrong way… no one can replace Charlie, I know, but… would you mind if I walked you down the aisle?" When Bella didn't speak or react in any way, Carlisle shifted uncomfortably and spoke up. "I understand, Bella. I was just hoping… I know it's been so long and you probably wouldn't want…" Bella's tears stopped him short. With a quick look at an equally stunned Edward, Carlisle shifted closer to the crying girl and gently put an arm around her shoulders. "What is it, Bella? I'm sorry, ok. I won't bring it up again. I'm sorry." "No," she wailed. "I want you to! I wanted it and I never thought it would happen, and now I'm so happy!" Both men let out relieved sighs. Edward quickly retrieved a box of Kleenex, while Carlisle stroked her back comfortingly. Bella sniffled, "God, I'm such a mess! But I can't help it, I'm just so happy." "Excellent," said Carlisle. "That's one more person on your guest list, then." "Just you?" Bella asked with a frown. "What about Elizabeth?" "We've been divorced for years. We had already separated when Charlie passed, but she insisted on keeping up appearances till everything was finalized. You know how she was," he explained with a wry smile. Bella let out a relieved sigh. "That's good to know. I know you were married to her and all, but I really hated her." Sitting up straight, she exclaimed, "Hey wait, so that night, I thought you were feeling guilty for cheating on her, but you were already separated?" Carlisle's eyes widened comically and he looked askance at Edward, who was sitting forward with a highly amused look on his face. "Oh yeah, I told him everything that happened," said Bella waving a dismissive hand. "He's been trying to get me to reach out to you for years." Carlisle slumped back in the couch, looking at young couple balefully. "You two might have taken a little pity on an old man's heart." She just laughed and stood up. "Sure, Carlisle, but where's the fun in that? Excuse me while I wash off all these tears. I'll be back in a minute." As soon as she was out of sight, Carlisle spun around and caught Edward watching him closely. "She really told you everything?" He nodded. "And you're really ok with it?" Edward sighed and ran his hands over his face. "Strange as it may sound, yes. It's not like the two of you had some torrid, illicit affair. I'm actually really glad she had someone to turn to who genuinely cared for her. I mean, if you think about it, she could have hooked up with some ass who would have used her when she was down. She could have turned to drugs or alcohol. She could have gone out and done any number of stupid things. Seriously Carlisle, just let it go. Neither of us thinks you took advantage of her, ok?" "Thanks, Edward. It's just a little difficult to wrap my head around after five years of self loathing, I guess," Carlisle said, ruefully. Then with a smile, he asked, "You really do love her, don't you?" He could have sworn Edward's ears pinked up. "Yes, I really do. I'd do anything for her." Carlisle nodded slowly. "Besides," said Edward, "I trust her. And having met you, I can see why she'd go to you." "Oh, because I'm so hot?" Carlisle joked. "Yeah, sure," Edward rolled his eyes. "That, and I can see how much she means to you." Carlisle's smile softened. "I've always thought of Charlie and Bella as my family. These last five years, it was like I'd lost both of them. So yeah, I am kind of ecstatic that she still wants me in her life." "In our lives," Bella said from the doorway. "You've always been family, Carlisle. You're still family." At her words, something settled in his soul. For the first time in five years, he was at peace. He was home, and there was no longer room for regret in his life. -..-..-