do. I shot awake, a sheen of sweat on my face. I knew what to do. Charlie called up to me that we were invited over to the Black's for dinner, so I changed clothes and washed my face, trying to look more presentable. I wanted to be as ready as I could be for what I had to do when we got to Jacob's house. On the way over, Charlie babbled about his job at the police station. He talked about a new case, a string of burglaries of the local shops in town. I was barely listening; I couldn't focus on his voice with my mind racing. I was dreading what lied ahead. Billy was waiting outside for us, and when we pulled up, he waved happily. He and Charlie were talking as soon as Charlie opened the car door, and he and Billy went inside without, leaving me in the car. I sat for a minute, preparing myself. My entire life would change; I would lose someone I loved, and I had no choice but to pick who I knew would make me happier. I squared my shoulders and went inside. Billy and Charlie were already in front of the television watching some sports recap show, and Jacob, still injured, was nowhere to be seen. Charlie looked up at me and nodded towards Jake's room. "He looks much better," he said. "You were right. He was asking for you, so go ahead." I rubbed my arm, preparing. I knew I couldn't wait much longer; I opened his door and went in. He was lying there just like earlier, but as soon as he saw me, his face dropped. I shut the door, making sure it clicked before I turned back to face him. He tried to sit up, managing to angle himself against the headboard in an awkward half-sitting position. "What happened to you earlier?" he asked. I knew he would waste no time with pleasantries. "I needed some time to think," I replied, my voice surprisingly strong and clear. I wasn't as nervous as I had been in the car; seeing Jake always put me at ease. "I'm sorry I ran out on you." He shrugged. "It's fine. I was just worried about you. Sam stopped by and said you were with Emily." He paused, waiting for me to explain. I walked over and sat on his bed beside him. He scooted his legs over as far as he could to give me room, wincing slightly. "I just needed another perspective," I said, smiling. "She's wonderful. I can see why Sam loves her." Jake laughed. "We all love her," he said, and I heard the weight of the pack plural in his voice. I reached over and patted his leg gently so I didn't hurt him. "I also had something I needed to tell you," I said. I knew, so deep in my heart, that I had made the right choice. The only difficult part was convincing everyone else that I did. But, I also knew that Jacob was my best friend, no matter what. I wasn't afraid. "Spit it out, Bells," he said with furrowed eyebrows, annoyed at my silence. I tapped him lightly instead of smacking him. He smirked at me. "I made up my mind," I said. I took a steadying breath. "I know that you've been waiting for me to choose, and I know who I can't live without. I know who I love more. Jake, I love you. I love you for everything that you are and everything that I am when I'm with you. I never thought I'd be able to pick which of you I could stand to lose, but I figured it out. I know who I want. And Jake, it's you. I want to be with you. I want to grow old with you and start a family with you. I love you, and this is where I belong." He looked at me for a long time, his expression unfathomable. His silence made me squirm. What if he had changed his mind? What if, after everything I had put him through, he had finally come to his senses and realized how toxic I was? What if Sam had convinced him that I wasn't worth the wait? I stared at him, unable to read the crease lines on his face. I wanted to scream. Finally, I could take it no longer. "I guess you changed your mind," I said dejectedly after at least five minutes of stony silence. I started to stand up. "I'm so sorry, Jake. If we can still be friends…" I felt the hole in my chest opening back up, preparing for the worst. I would lose Jacob, and I would have to live my life with my second choice. I felt like I was going to fall apart. I took a step towards the door, but he grabbed my hand tightly. I turned back around, and he was smiling, a beautiful smile, the happiest I'd ever seen him. He tugged me back to the bed, and I sat down again. He put both of his enormous hands around mine. "Bella, I wanted to make sure you were serious," he said, his voice soft. He looked into my eyes like he could see my soul within. "I would never change my mind. You are all I've ever wanted. I love you more than anything, and I'm not going to lose you again." He tugged me down to lay beside him, my head sitting on his chest. He stroked my hair so gently, and I felt complete. "I love you," I said, turning my face towards his. I looked into his eyes and saw my future, exactly as I wanted, exactly as I knew it should be. He leaned his lips down to mine, and when we kissed, I felt like air. "Love you more," he said with my smile. My Jacob, my smile, all mine.