Carlisle quickly asked and I blushed. "Mhm yes." I answered uncomfortably the one person I considered some kind of my father figure. "I am so sorry darling that we forgot this, you are perfectly fine or will be as soon as Edward will be back. We forgot because we consumed our relationship very soon in our relationship" now I blushed even deeper "and Emmett was changed so quickly that I never experienced it, but now I remember. You are feeling the absence of your mate. It feels like your heart is breaking, right?" "Yes, exactly." "I am sorry baby, but there is nothing I can give you to help with the pain. It will stop as soon as Edward is back or you are either a vampire or your relationship is consumed. I am afraid that until then it will hurt you for as long as Edward is gone." "It is a little bit better now that I know why am I hurting and because you are with me, distracting me. But I don't understand why." "I don't understand it fully either and I asked Marcus, one of our leaders the very same question. His answer was that mates weren't meant to be apart so the pain was a reminder." "Is Edward in pain, too?" "I know that he will feel your absence, yes, but vampires aren't made to feel pain so I am very excited to learn what it was like for him." "Do you have any other questions or do you want to watch a movie with me to distract you?" Esme asked kindly. "A movie sounds great." "Alright, I carry you downstairs ok?" "Ok, thank you, I am not sure if I could walk." "It's no problem little one." Esme had called Charlie and convinced him to let me have a sleepover with Alice and watched one movie after the other with me. I was dog tired, but the pain was too much to even think about sleeping so distracting it was. In the early morning hours the pain began finally to lessen and a few minutes later Edward burst in full panic mood into the movie room. "Are you ok? Are you hurt? Why are you here? I got to Charlie's and you where gone, but then I smelled dad and rushed here, what happened?" "Son, calm down. Everything is ok now, right Bella?" "Yes, Carlisle." "Good." "Wow the mating bond, I totally forgot about it. I am so sorry Bella. Did you hurt bad?" "It wasn't that bad." "Now we know that you play things down. It was pretty bad. After we knew what was going on it became manageable and distraction helped." Esme explained. And Edward pulled me into his arms. "How did it feel like for you, son?" Carlisle wanted to know. "It was strange, I felt as if I forgot some really important thing. It bugged me without end, but it didn't hurt. Now it makes sense. Let's talk about it later. It is nearly morning and Bella needs to sleep. Come love, I carry you to our bed." I was asleep before my body touched the soft beddings, what a shame. "So you spend the day at the Cullen house again?" "Mhm." I answered my sperm donor. "As long as you don't bring them into my home. Can't have them parade through my front door. This won't become the Forks' brothel! Just like Renee." He murmured and I also thought I heard the word 'slut' in his ramping. I had to fight my tears and was glad that Edward left for a short hunt. We found out that I was ok until he stayed in a 20 mile radius and as he didn't wanted me to hurt he would disappear for an hour or two every other evening. Usually I would try to stay awake until he got back so we could talk a little bit more and he would sing me to sleep, but tonight I only wanted to forget. "How did this Dr. Cullen" she spat his name "knew that you want to be called Bella?" I didn't answer. "Isabella Higgenbottom, fucking answer me!" "I don't know." "I know you're lying you little piece of shit. Did you tell him about us? Did you tell him that your mommy hurt you? You little cry baby. You will know what pain is after I am done with you. After I am finished with you, you will never talk to a doctor again! The evidence will be enough." I awoke screaming, my ears were ringing but I still heard Renee's evil laughter in my head. "What's going on in here?" Charlie stormed into my room with a shotgun in his hand. "Damn, I thought I could shoot one of your loverboys. Thought you were a screamer like your mother." And with this he left my room again and I burst out crying. "I don't know how much longer I will be able to stand Chief Swans thoughts." Edward said softly as he reentered my room through the window and pulled me into his arms. "Are you ok now, love?" "Yeah, just a bad dream." "I tried to wake you, but Charlie awoke before I could calm you down. I am sorry." "Don't be, I don't blame you! It's not your fault." "Do you want to talk about it?" "Mhm no thank you, just a silly dream." "If you are sure. Go back to sleep or you'll be exhausted tomorrow everything is going to be alright." I wished it was that easy… Hi guys, just a little story I needed to get out of my head. I always wondered if there was a reason for Bella's clumsiness and her aversion to doctors. And I am a sucker for father-daughter-Bellisle stories. I hoped you liked my one-shot (for now, but if you did like it you could probably convince me to write a sequel). So let me know what you think! xo Anna