than one black and white approach to the text but she liked debating critical analysis, regardless. She desperately needed to let off some pent up steam, so perhaps ranting a little angrily at her pretty-boy-partner was the cure. Indulging him, she replied, "I don't think that it's God that the man is talking to or that his role as the child's guide sustains him. I think his relationship and love for the child does. McCarthy seems to suggest that while God may or may not be present, He is undoubtedly indifferent to their suffering and thus, becomes non-existent as a result. I think the point of the novel is to show morality in a godless world. Morality, here, is achieved because of love, not religion – the man teaches the boy and himself to be the 'good guys' not for the sake of a Godlike being, but for the sake of the child. Every time he does something 'bad', the child distances himself, and in that way the child is the moral compass, not God. When the Man states that, 'If he is not the word of God God never spoke,' as you said, I don't think he's suggesting the option of godlessness is impossible. I think McCarthy is transforming the boy into the role God should fulfil but fails to." She looked up and noticed Edward staring at her, thoughtfully. She would even go as far as to say there was a spark of surprise in his eyes. "Are you an atheist?" He asked bluntly. "Does it matter either way?" "Yes," he stated, leaning forward. "A believer in God wouldn't imply that the world is godless." "I'm not saying that. I'm saying that morality entwined with religion becomes self-interested." He tilted his head. "Why do you think that?" Nora huffed, threading her fingers together and turning to face him properly. "Because if religion becomes the compass of morality, then moral people are selfish – they're only being good because they have to be in order to reach their afterlife in heaven or whatever it is they believe in. Here, in this novel, the man encourages morality and being the 'good guy' for the sake of his son, and his love for the child. Not for God." "That would suggest that the man in the novel is equally as selfish as religious believers, though," he pointed out. She shrugged nonchalantly. "I'd say he's less so than most people. And I'd argue that the point is that the child is the selfless character. He's being good solely because he wants to be – he guides the man to be good because it's what right. Good has no purpose in a godless universe and yet, there they are," she gestured to her open text, "striving to be the 'good guys'." They both paused and Nora could feel his stare on her face. His eyes were intense, blazing with something indefinable, as if Nora had touched upon something raw. She didn't mean to offend him but she always thought telling the truth of your opinion was more important than hurt feelings. Besides, her interpretation was just that - one interpretation of many. None were right or wrong, it was part of the reason she loved this subject so much. "You're very... different, compared to other teens here." She snorted, looking up with a bemused smirk. "Not particularly. I'm your stereotypical teen; I love coffee, Netflix and sarcasm. Perfectly normal," she glanced at him, slightly suspicious of... something . Something that was glaringly obvious. Something that - throughout their absolutely ordinary discussion, arguably since she'd first noticed how flawless he was, as if his skin were marble rather than malleable flesh - remained unknown. She didn't know why, but Edward Cullen seemed wrong, somehow, and that made her wary. But she pushed those thoughts aside for later dissection, instead quipping with an undertone of honesty, "Besides, you're one to talk about being different, Mr Photoshop." Edward let out a laugh that seemed to surprise him, but still managed to frown at the same time. He looked troubled. "Touché." She considered questioning him. Just turning around and asking him to explain to her why she felt on edge. She had an inkling that if she did, he would lie. Suddenly, the bell rang loudly, dismissing the class. Chairs scraped back and the sound of chattering erupted as if it had only been paused. And with the noise, came her acceptance of this enigma beside her. She had enough on her plate to deal with, without having to barge herself into someone else's secrets; that wasn't exactly tasteful. So, collecting her things, Nora breathed out a smile. She enjoyed debating, had yearned for an intellectual partner to do so with. She felt that familiar adrenaline pumping through her veins, as if she'd stretched a muscle at long last; chiding her with just how much she'd missed it. She turned to Edward once she'd packed up, noting that he'd already done so and was beginning to stand as well. "It was," she pursed her lips, " refreshing to have a debate with someone who actually read the novel. So, I guess it was nice to meet you, Edward. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go act like a proper teenager and brood my way through lunch with music playing ridiculously loudly out of my headphones." Edward smirked like the douchebag she knew he secretly was. "You realise this was only the first class. Lunch isn't for another three hours." She rolled her eyes. Amateurs. "This is why they invented pop tarts," she replied, snagging the delicious treats from her bag, "to scoff between classes. Want one?" "No, thank you," he replied, quickly. "Calm down," she chuckled at his sudden response. "No need to panic and almost ruin a strand of that perfectly coiffed hair of yours," she smirked, eyes taking in his reaction to her words: he looked distinctly uncomfortable. "See you in class, Eddie."