to talk to them or say goodbye. Never able to build a family. And these last few days…" He couldn't continue. He was thinking about the days I'd just spent in agony. I too, began to remember flashes, moments in the car, arguments and discussions about what to do, my own screams and Edward's agony at hearing them. Edward is going insane! I winced. "Yes, the past three days were hard. But they were necessary. All of you have had to pass that stage, complete the change. I'm…I'm one of you now." I finished tentatively, with a warm tingling in my cold heart. This made him look at me again, looking me up and down, examining me from head to toe. "God, Bella!" he exclaimed just before he pushed me against the wall and started kissing me again. His distress turned into desire, he seemed to be starving for me, and I responded with just as much hunger, though controlled on my side. We stopped when chips of wall began to break loose behind me. Esme wouldn't be too happy if we ruined the house. "Wait," Edward said as I started to wriggle away from between him and the wall. "Stay in my arms for a bit longer." He begged into my ear. I froze instantly. I may have had superior strength, but it was no match against his tone. "I held you, all the time I kept you with me, from the moment I killed James and came back to you. But there was nothing I could do, it was too late already, it…" My heart was tearing, the stone was shattering. It seemed like he'd barely survived until now. Alice's words were right, he had nearly gone insane, just as tortured as I was, if not more. Mine had been mere physical pain. I imagined our roles reversed, me holding him while he writhed in agony, and let out a defeated hiss of desperation. "What's wrong?" He immediately demanded, panic instantly present. I shook my head and pushed away the mental image. I could not deal with it. Edward sighed against my forehead. "Jasper is worrying. He thinks you need to hunt as quickly as possible. And Alice is impatient to see you." I nodded and he led the way out of the room and down the stairs. The first floor was completely silent. Rosalie and Emmett were standing by the window, looking out at the river which was partially obscured by the evening fall, but far from unclear or invisible to my new eyes. They also caught a reflexion in the windowpane, but I did not pay attention to it. I wasn't ready for the confrontation yet. Alice was silently but energetically flipping through the pages of a magazine, while Jasper was leaning against the wall, regularly throwing glances at her and the stairs. And Carlisle and Esme were sitting together on the couch. They stood up once we came down. "Bella." Esme said in a tone saturated with warmth. Her smile was equally tender and welcoming. "You're awake." She did not sound very surprised. I reminded myself that everyone must've heard me waking up. No vampire could have missed my very last heartbeat. "How are you, sweety?" "I'm fine." I answered. I was surprised at how controlled and collected I seemed. Edward's hand lingered at the small of my back, slightly hovering. Carlisle joined us and put a reassuring hand on Edward's shoulder. Edward slightly relaxed his pose. "Are you feeling thirsty?" Carlisle asked as he turned to me. But he made no move to touch me. Everyone seemed to be keeping a safe distance on purpose. For the first time since I'd woken, I became aware of the uncomfortable dryness of my throat. I suddenly felt parched, like I could drink an entire lake at once. "A little." I answered carefully. "I'll go with her." Edward immediately concluded. "Maybe you should stay, Edward." Carlisle interjected gently. But not gently enough. His adoptive son still glared openly at him. "You've been under a lot of stress. Your body may be immune to it, but not your mind. You should allow yourself to shift your attention away from Bella for a while." "I'll take her." Jasper joined in, shrugging away from the wall and approaching me slowly and carefully, keeping his gaze fixed on my eyes. "I'll go too." Alice said, cutting off Edward's protest. "I'd rather go alone." Jasper insisted. "It's all right." She smiled and took his arm playfully. "Bella won't hurt me." Jasper frowned, then looked back at me. A fresh wave of calm control overtook me. "I just think we need to keep the hunting party as small as possible. And I'm more suited than anyone to keep a volatile newborn under control." "We trust your expertise." Carlisle said diplomatically. "If you think this is best…" "I do." Jasper answered with determination, mainly directed at Edward whose hand was now clutching the fabric on my back. The same T-shirt I'd changed into in the hotel room, three days ago. "Come on, let's have a wrestling match!" Emmett exclaimed as he slapped Edward on the back with enthusiasm. "Show me that move you used on that Ja—" He was cut off by a furious growl that came from deep in Edward's chest behind me. "All right, all right." He backpedalled. "Let's just have some fun, okay? I'll race you." Everyone looked at Edward expectantly, until he finally conceded and followed Emmett out the door, but not before kissing my forehead for a prolonged moment. Update: Hi again. I notice many people pass through but don't leave any reviews. To be honest, it makes me feel like no one is reading the story and it discourages me. :( I'd be so incredibly happy if you all just left a bit of proof that you've passed through and liked it. :) Pretty please? I wouldn't be asking if it didn't matter to me. Thank youuu! Aoiika