face, and attracts my attention even before his cold green eyes I'd met earlier on the stairway. He's dressed in dark jeans and a black button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, he's a dream, a blessing. And suddenly he's sitting beside me without saying a word. My childhood best friend doesn't even acknowledge me. The next hour goes by without even a glance, and when the bell rings, telling me that its time I go to history, Edward takes his sweet time collecting his things, but doesn't take one second to spare me a glance. I stand to the side awkwardly for a whole minute before accepting hat he's not going to say anything, and storm out of the room before I think too hard about what his silence could mean. My next class goes by fine, seeing as its with Alice who practically begs the teacher to be allowed to sit beside me, and is almost peaceful till someone asks me what my nephews middle name is an I stiffen up, trying not to think about the baby as Alice answers the question for me. By lunch I've calmed down, and I sit with Alice at the same table as the other Cullen brothers, including Emmett who hugs me as fiercely as Alice did this morning, and getting a warm hug from Angela Webber and Mike Newton, two of my old friends who welcome me back and sit at the same table as the Cullen's. I end up squeezing between Emmett and Alice, and sadly am positioned right across and one seat to the left from no other than Edward himself. Who's talking to everyone else, but me. "Chimes, is there no sun in Phoenix either?" Jasper asks me out of the blue, "Because you're as pale as us. I've never really seen the sun before, but I hear if you stay out in it for too long, you actually get tan." He wiggles his eyebrows at me and makes a point of comparing my skin tone to his own. Same exact tone. Despite the fact that in Phoenix I lived outside along pools most of the day, I've never been able to tan. "Good one, Jasper." I narrow my eyes at him, "But maybe next time save it for someone with less of a sense of humor, no one here found that funny." I look around the table to see that no ones laughing at him, but with me instead. Jasper shrugs, leaning back into his seat and nudging Edward beside him, who turns from spinning an apple on the table and raises a single dark eyebrow at his friend. "Edward here thought it was funny, didn't you Ed?" I look at Edward for an answer but he doesn't give an exact one, he just shrugs and turns back to his apple. "I didn't think it was funny, Bella." Kate Denali chimes in from Emmett's other side, the same sister I saw in the lobby. And the same one who Alice informed me is in love with her youngest brother. Kate's the younger sister to Tanya, who's a year older than my own sister. But Kate's much prettier in my opinion, while Tanya was supermodel skinny with a blow out hair style and heather colored eyes, Kate's more round, curvier, with golden straight hair and hazel eyes. She also seems nice, but something about her personality doesn't seem feisty enough to deal with Emmett, and the way he constantly overlooks her makes it obvious that I'm right. "Thank you, Kate." I nod and smile in her direction before looking back at Jasper defiantly, "Swan 1, Whitlock 0." He smiles good naturedly before returning to his pizza slice, bringing silence back the table. Its not until I see the door of the cafeteria open and an African American kid come pacing in fast for the table that I feel the tension rise, for once, Edward looks up and alert as he approaches. Tyler, I think his name is. "What is it?" Edward asks when Tyler's within five feet of the table, Tyler stops at his side and bends down to his ear, whispering swiftly into it and I notice that the whole tables tempo has changed. Alice has gone from pecking at her food to starring off into space, and Emmett's starring at Tyler's moving lips like he's trying to read them. "Very well." Edward murmurs to Tyler when the boys finished talking, his eyes become even colder and more serious. They flicker to Emmett's momentarily for a second in understanding, then to mine cautiously where they widen, like he's just realize that I'm here too, they only linger on me for a second before they move to James, sitting huddled up at the edge of the table. "What's wrong, Ed?" Emmett asks, starting to rise from the table for a second before Edward waves him down with a dismissive gesture. "Nothing." He sighs, rubbing against his temples. "Just there's been another fight on the beach, some young middle schoolers got into it, and one of them has a concussion." "A wolf of a vamp?" James asks, attracting the table's attention down to the blonde Cullen brother. "Vamp." Edward narrows his eyes, "The boy was just messing around on the beach before some La Push thirteen year old comes up and they start brawling. Someone broke it up after a minute or two, but the boys in the hospital now." "A minute or two?" I jump in this time, attracting all cautious eyes and one piercing glare in my direction. "How come it took that long? Its still early fall, the beach is still usually packed so someone had to see it happening for a long while. Who was it?" Its Edward who answers bitterly, starring me in the eyes with such cold intensity it chills me. "It was Jacob Black." Something new I'm trying out. Let me know what you think about this!