the direct result of that, I do apologise if it was not the fate you intended," Looking back laughter may have been an appropriate reaction to that, it had been my biggest wish until the moment he left me. "Who are you?" The question seemed to almost delight him and the subject would never again solely focus on my incident with Victoria, which considering the pain was just fine by me. "My name is Henry, I have had many last names and forsake the covens? That is the name they use now is it not? I am one of the very few recognised ancient vampires, being some measure older than the Volturi. So old in fact I have at some paint laid eyes on all the wonders of the ancient world, in that time I have constructed many houses, this old Gothic design begin my favourite. I have known many of the great men which define mortal and immortal world alike and yet I do not conduct myself as a vampire usually does." Henry has a way of telling you not to interrupt without actually saying those words, its something in his tone, a trick he used on me for the first of what would be many times. "While my Athenian origins tell a story it is one so old, speaking of it would only allow long dead embers to glow in my mind once more. I became a vampire approaching the twilight of my life and upon receiving this gift I precoded to indulge in the more vulgar aspects of existence. Time thankfully rendered such indulgences pointless and an odd habit of existence followed, I was an actor and my condition accelerated my abilities." Honestly he explained in such a roundabout way I wish it was possible to put it into simple English, it is however not possible. "I find life in a one place, simply feeding tedious so instead prefer to act, staying true to my roots. I create characters, mostly in the mortal world, and give them life, tell their story and naturally depart from them when the time is right. It is a cycle I have perfected over the years, I have played popes, kings, queens, great men, questionable men, warmongers, diplomats, aristocrats, peasants and so many more. Characters consume me, then die; from there I journey the world seeing the sights. I've ancient cities degrade, entire civilisations collapse and new ones arise from the ashes, but there will be time for my stories later." He smiled leisurely and by that point I had lost count of the bloody glasses I consumed. "You show remarkable restraint." He muttered to himself, peering at me with a frown. "The last time I met a newborn he devoured an entire bottle before I could blink. Regardless that leads me into next aspect of my tale." He spoke certain aspects like a grand announcement, I thinks he's always been aware of it. "I have had many quittances over the years who have joined in my journeys, many of which I personally transformed. Preforming as duo, well it carries a certain charm that very little else can rival. A charm that requires mutual duality. So that is the basics of my tale which could be summarised so briefly, I have enough stories to entertain you for eternity but I don't have that long." I saw the appeal immediately, for a foolish girl who had been overcome with depression over a boyfriend; escaping seemed ideal. "As a creator I'm afraid I have very little to offer you. If you desire a home then you may use this manor, I don't intend to return for quite some time. It is in a place of relative comfort, but it becomes tedious after a time. If you wish to be free of me then please you may leave immediately, you show remarkable restraint I doubt you will cause any incident, and I have no claim to you or designs on your independence. You don't know me and yet I have a feeling a fresh start in a world you control would be appealing, a new person, a new life and there is no commitment. This sort of life can only happen if your heart is in it." He illustrated the offer eloquently and looking back I know why I accepted. I wanted a fresh start, from the Cullens no one else; I ignored my family, friends and all those I would leave behind. So I accepted, at first to run and then as we began to plan the new lives we would lead, began to obsess over details, began to work out how to mask ourselves, create personalties and the pieces fell together. Henry hadn't been exaggerating when he spoke of his acting abilities, though they were not solely his. As a vampire his ability, or gift, was to alter the perceptions of those around him, something that I would have preferred to the shield I ended up with. Only because the amounts of make-up and dye that were needed to alter my appearance to the fit the character was plain ridiculous. I should clarify, Edward's leaving left me devastated and I think that continued for quite some time. It was some way into the plot myself and Henry had crafted did I wake up one day and realise I had not even thought of the Cullens for a year. It was a big enough move to accept Henry's offer and simply chase after them. Though after so long on Henry's diet of human blood which, he keeps bottled like wine, I'm not entirely sure I could abandon it. The vast blood cellars Henry had were more than worth it, the older the better he said and I can remember drooling when he celebrated with a very sticky concoction from the twenties. So I did get over them leaving, I think and found myself engrossed in a new life, or more accurately a new character.