heart nearly gave way when she heard Jacob say that he was letting her go. Devastated by the very real loss of her best friend and lover of her heart, Bella can't help but sob. Bella decides to finally be honest with not only herself, but with Edward and especially Jacob. "Jacob, I do love you. In fact I am in love with you. I was so scared that you would see the real me and run in the other direction. It killed me being apart these last few months. I begged and pleaded with Seth to bring back word, any word of your whereabouts, but he couldn't give me anything. To hear that you love me and truly see me makes my heart soar. I know without a doubt that what you've said is true, but what can I really offer you? My life and my heart are no longer my own. I can't give you something that another owns. I wish that I could be with you, but I can't. I know that it's selfish, but I believed that you would never give up on me. That you would be my best friend even when my heart stops beating. Unfortunately, I've lost you and I'm not sure if I can ever get you back." "Bella, what are you saying?" Edward asks. Fear is evident in his face. "I'm saying the truth Edward. I'm telling the man that is no longer my best friend that I am in love with him, but can't have him." "I thought that you loved only me, Bella! I came back for you. I defied my own good sense to be with you…" "Yes, you did. You also hurt me in ways that is still hard for me to understand. Jacob was right about everything he said about you and your family. I forgave you out of fear of losing you and your family. Now, I see that by holding on to you, I've almost lost my other family and most importantly, myself. Edward I can't marry you. Not with my heart divided. I know that there is someone out there for you who you'll be perfect for, as she will be for you. That woman just isn't me. I'm sorry." "I'm sorry," Bella says to the crowd. "I'm so, so very sorry Jacob," Bella says looking him directly in the eyes before running off down the aisle. Nobody made a sound or move to comfort the sobbing runaway bride. Shock was clearly what everyone felt. Jacob was shocked for another reason. His wolf whined and clawed at him to chase Bella. Ever since he first felt his wolf, the wolf liked Bella enough, but left the man to his own devices when it came to her. Now, he was frantically trying to get Jacob to chase her down and claim her before the bloodsuckers could get their claws into her again. Jacob looked at Edward and saw that his façade faded away to reveal the true hunter inside. Fear like no other gripped Jacob's heart and quicker than anyone could see, he dashed after Bella. Jacob finally understood what it meant for his wolf to completely want Bella. The wolf knew of her feelings, but wouldn't actively pursue her until she admitted them to herself and others out loud. Jacob's wolf is a proud wolf, the true Alpha of the Pack. He knew that the mate for them had to be bold and proud, but humble. The man and wolf needed a mate who could balance them when times were tough. And now, after all this time, the heartache and pain paid off in spades. Jacob's feelings about imprinting were confirmed the moment his wolf wanted to chase after Bella. For them, imprinting was never on the table. They had the gift of choice. To choose the mate that was best for them, the Pack, and tribe. Imprinting was to prevent the other wolves from taking the Alpha's chosen mate, causing chaos within the Pack. At the alter Emmett grabs Edward just before he could take off after Bella and Jacob. Edward turns, glares, and growls at Emmett. Although Emmett was sad that Bella wouldn't be joining them, he was actually proud of her for standing up for herself choosing what is best for her. He glanced at Rosalie, who too held on to Alice in similar fashion. The couple knew what needed to be done. "You can growl at me and give me the stink eye all you want. You are definitely not chasing after that girl. She told the absolute truth, straight from the heart, as painful for her as it was. You will not take her choices from her again. I won't let you." "And neither will I, Alice. I know how you two tag teamed that poor girl. No one believed me, until now. As you can see, the ruse is up, Alice," Rosalie gleefully told Alice. Alice didn't need her sight to see that nothing her and Edward did now will stop these new change of events. Bella really chose for herself and left nothing for her or Edward to "gently" manipulate to their liking. Alice shoulders sagged in defeat. Edward saw this and gave up. He no longer cared what anyone thought of him. However, still conscious of the humans around them, Edward nodded to Emmett and walked off in the opposite way from where Bella ran. Jasper came over to Alice and gathered her into his arms. He sent out waves of comfort and peace to everyone, hoping to stem off the worse of the possible reactions. Charlie was speechless. Never in his wildest dreams did he see things playing out like this. Billy caught Charlie's eye, giving his best friend a thumbs up. Both men hearts rejoiced with hope renewed. "Hey, Chief. Want to knock back a few Vitamin R's?" "You bet! You're buying of course, Old Man!" Billy says as Charlie wheels him away.