streaming through the store. "Bella," Edward started before stopping short at seeing the three blondes situated around the counter. "Kate, Irina," Edward greeted reluctantly before turning his attention to the bane of his existence, "Tanya…" "Sir Eddikins," Kate called, fake enthusiasm coloring her voice, "It's been a while, have you managed to remove that stick purposely wedged up your ass or would you like our assistance to do so, such as when you couldn't manage to catch that rogue bandit, what was his name…" "Mungler," Irina supplied, smirking at Edward, "A lowlife thug named Mungler who was wanted for capturing girls and selling them to the trolls in exchanged for their services. He was tracked here and you…" "Couldn't manage to catch him, which is why we were called in," Tanya finished, chuckling. "Probably because you spend more time sparkling your armor than actually using it," Kate added. Edward sneered at the three women, taking a deep breath, as it wouldn't look good if he were to attack the women and damage the store, especially since he was trying to woo the storeowner. "I don't know what you three are doing here, or how long you're going to be in town, but I have better things to do than to deal with three glorified bounty hunters." Edward turned his head and spotted the brunette he was originally looking for and rushed over to her side. "There you are Bella," Edward greeted when he saw her. "I came to see how you were doing, as well as to pick up a few more potions from you." Bella mumbled and nibbled on the tip of her quill as she glanced from the list to the shelves in front of her, making sure to tally up the correct amount. "I need to pick up more than usual today since I'm going to be traveling soon. There's some trouble in the southern regions and the King has requested his most trusted knights to go and quell the problem. Maybe, when I get back, you'll consent to begin courting, that way I'll have someone for whom I'm slaying dragons for." The knight placed a hand over his heart, kneeling before the shopkeeper, "I humbly ask for a token of yours to take into battle, so that I may return it to you upon my triumphant return." At that moment, Bella took a handkerchief out of her shirt and sneezed into it, dropping it next to Edward's feet. Not seeing what had happened, Edward looked at the fallen handkerchief and picked it up. "Thank you my lady, I will return it to you as soon as possible," he said, standing up and leaving the store. He came back in a few minutes later, grabbing the potions that he needed and paid for them, smirking at the three women at the counter before leaving once more. "What just happened?" Tanya asked as she stared in bewilderment at the oblivious brunette and out the door after the knight. "Your girlfriend is extremely oblivious and apparently doesn't know that she is also the future Lady Edward Cullen," Irina chuckled while Kate just observed the girl. "She really is oblivious isn't she, does she even realize that Sir Eddikins came into the store?" Kate asked as she watched the girl move down the shelves, carefully counting and re-counting each item. "I don't think she realizes we're still in the store," Irina added, also watching the girl. Tanya just sighed wistfully as she watched the girl with admiration, her eyes tracking her every movement. "Keep your pants on Tristan*," Kate joked, rolling her eyes. "Well, at least until you get her pants off." Tanya shot her youngest sister a dark look, causing Kate to chuckle in response. "But Edward did mention something interesting, trouble happening in the south. I'm going to check with some of my contacts in town to see if its something that we could cash in on." The platinum blonde pushed herself off the counter and grabbed her dirty blonde haired sister, pulling her out of the store. The remaining Rogue turned her attention back to the shopkeeper as she started on the last shelf, which was thankfully the shelf that Edward had taken his potions from. By the time Bella finished with checking the shelves, the sun was sinking below the horizon and it was time to close the shop. "Finally done," Bella sighed, putting her paper and quill down. "I didn't realize it would take you all day to take inventory," Tanya's voice came from behind her, causing Bella to shriek. "Aaaahhhh, ah, oh," Bella gasped out, whirling around to see the blonde sitting on the counter, her legs crossed. "Oh, I forgot you were here." "I figured you might have," Tanya smiled at the absentminded storekeeper, deciding not to mention anything about Edward being there. "So how is the inventory?" Bella sighed again, "I'm low on quiet a few things, mainly potions ingredients, and other regular stock. I can always order those things from the capital but the potions ingredients, I'll have to harvest them myself." The brunette hummed as she looked at the list. "Looks like I'm heading to the south, I'll have to make plans though…" "Who wait south?" Tanya questioned, trying to get clarification from the girl. "Yeah, south, that's where I harvest these ingredients," Bella replied, slowly pushing Tanya out of her store. "I hate to ask you to leave, but I have a lot of planning to do." With that, Tanya found herself outside and the door locking behind her. She looked at the door in confusion then looked around the darkening street. "What just happened?" *Tristan- From the legend of Tristan and Isolde, Arthurian version of Romeo and Juliet, though not as annoying A/N: Really toyed with not posting this, because I like it and I was like do I want to share this with people? Not really... So I'll leave this first chapter here and see what happens