in Edward's voice. She wished she could hear what Sam and the other wolves thought. She had to rely on Edward's replies to piece everything together. "I'm afraid, that's where you are wrong. Jacob is responsible for this mess and will be held accountable for it," Edward explained calmly. Some of the wolves snarled and growled, taking a step forward before Sam rained them in. "No Sam, Jacob broke the treaty. He attacked a member of our coven," Edward answered Sam's silent question. "And so did you. You and your pack have no authority here," he added smoothly. More growls could be heard, but Edward wasn't impressed the least. He held his own. He was a sight to behold, and Bella took in his strong and authoritative stance, not yielding in the threat of danger. He was oozing power, and it made the wolves nervous. Suddenly Emmet, Jasper, and Alice emerged from the trees on her side taking up a protective stance around her and Edward, clearly showing a united front. Bella breathed a sigh of relieve. The wolves would think twice before they attacked the Cullens now. Edward's eyes never wavered from Sam; he didn't say or do anything to acknowledge his siblings' arrival. Emmet, Jasper, and Alice held back, letting Edward handle the situation. Edward continued speaking. "He attacked Bella, forcing himself on her against her will and wouldn't let her leave." Some of the wolves barked in disapproval and denial until Sam quieted them. "I'm not lying, Sam. You can ask Bella if you do not believe me, and if that still isn't enough, look into his mind, that definitely should clear things up," he replied calmly without a trace of anger, despite the declaration of doubt towards his words. Bella saw Sam look at her with his hard black eyes, focusing on her broken hand, which she still held tightly to her chest. He looked away, focusing his gaze at Jacob, who looked constipated, trying not to open his mind to his pack members to hide the ugly truth from them. Sam frowned, clearly not pleased about Jacob's suspicious behavior, before he turned to Edward again. "You are wrong. Bella is a part of our coven. She is a Cullen," Edward said with steely conviction, not leaving any room for doubt. Bella felt warmth blossom at his declaration. "No, not officially, yet, but she is my mate, that makes her automatically a member of our coven. You also forget, Sam, that Jacob attacked me too. I had to protect my mate and defend myself, Jacob didn't leave me any other choice," Edward declared matter-of-fact. "Jacob forced himself on her and made it impossible for her to get out of his grip. Then he kissed her against her will. Bella broke her wrist, when she punched him in the face and…well, let's just say his privates will hurt for a while," Edward answered, his voice hard with accusation, but Bella could detect a tiny twitch of his lips, when he mentioned Jacob's little affliction . At the last bit, the wolves jerked their heads abruptly in Jacob's direction, their eyes bulging in disbelieve. Edward, mentioning that little tidbit, must have triggered Jacob's memory diarrhea , and with their shared minds, they had the unique opportunity and joy, well maybe not joy, to see for themselves what really happened. Every little bit of Jacob's humiliation. The pack would never let him forget, she was sure. If wolves could blush, Jacob definitely would have. Bella could hear the wolves' snigger, at least to her, it sounded like a snigger. "We will contact you with the details of how we will proceed with this situation, but one thing is clear…this will have consequences, I assure you," Edward promised Sam coldly. Sam didn't have anything to dispute Edward's accusations; he had seen the truth for himself through Jacob's mind. It was out of his hands. Sam was still rankled that a member of his pack had done something so atrocious. Edward turned to Jacob. "Listen good, you dirty fleabag. Stay. Away. From. Bella!" Edward threatened and emphasized every word to get the message through Jacob's thick scull, once and for all; his steely gaze promised severe retribution if Jacob was dump enough to ignore his warning. The pack retreated back to the reservation with a humiliated Jacob in tow. As soon as the wolves disappeared into the woods, Edward rushed to the truck and opened the car door. Gently he pulled Bella out of the car and into his arms. He could feel her shaking. She was tense. He soothingly stroked her back. His siblings silently left, leaving Edward and Bella alone. "Edward, I'm so sorry I didn't listen to you. please forgive me," Bella begged sobbing, tears streaming down her cheeks. "Shhh, sweetheart, everything is fine," he reassured her. "No, it's not," she denied. "I should've listened to you." "Bella, yes, you should have, but I understand why you didn't. You thought I was jealous of Jacob and didn't want him near you. And to an extent you were right, I was jealous, but you are my main priority. Your safety means everything to me. I have a lot more experience with the supernatural than you, it comes with the territory…," Edward chuckled. "…and if I gave you the impression that I was patronizing you, then I'm sorry, it wasn't my intention. I just can't lose you, Bella, you are my life," he concluded. "I know that now. But even if you were just jealous, I should have considered your feelings. If you were in my position and would have wanted to spend time with Tanya, I wouldn't have liked it either. I know it's hypocritical, I'm sorry. Please forgive me," she admitted softly. "Of course, sweetheart. I love you," Edward said affectionately, caressing her cheek. "I love you too, more than you know," Bella returned the sentiment. "I do know, love. Let's go get your hand fixed," Edward said.