Mine has a cream filling," he raised his other finger to her lips which she saw had a dollop of vanilla custard on the top, "try it." His sultry whisper elicited a gasp which forced her lips to part. He took that opportunity to place his finger on her tongue gently. His eyes darted down to where her lips closed around his finger and then his lids fell closed. Bella had never been more turned on in her life. She gently sucked the cream off his finger and he groaned as he pulled it out of her mouth. " Bella," he leaned in to whisper in her ear, "are you as turned on as I am?" Bella didn't know how to answer or even if she could. Her eyes found his and seemed to give him the answer he needed and then his eyes dropped to her lips. " Bella?" he whispered with a crooked smile again. She didn't answer—she was too dazzled—but he continued anyway. "You have chocolate on your lip. Can I get that for you?" Before she could respond, her bottom lip was between his. He nibbled her lip and soothed it with his tongue before he pulled away and whispered, "You are so sweet." She wasn't sweet. She'd been tarnished, but Edward didn't know that. And, the rest of the afternoon was delectably sweet. Hell, there were two weeks of hot yet frustrating seduction that were both sweet and sensual. He followed the same pattern of being painfully close and alluring and not touching her; winding her up, when he'd finally give in what he claimed were his uncontrollable desires. He told her that it took all his control not to ravage her all the time. She liked feeling desired instead of broken and dirty. Edward made her feel sexy and beautiful because he was sexy and beautiful and he wanted her. It took less than two weeks of a steady and free supply of Edward to get her hooked. Even after Bella found out about his wife, she couldn't stop herself. She was addicted. She needed his words, his touch, his breath. She needed him. He seemed to need her as much as she needed him also. He had all the right reasons and explanations to continue their affair too. He told Bella that his wife sucked him dry. But Bella filled the void. Even after he left four months ago, to "protect her" from the fallout of his jealous wife who had discovered he was having an affair, she could feel his memory lurking all around her. The library, the coffee shop, and the many classrooms where they met for trysts were constant reminders of her scandalous affair with a married man. She was weighed down with guilt and remorse and the more she missed him and his touch, the guiltier she felt. She'd seen what infidelity had done to her father and now she was the "other woman." It left her hollow and more unsure of herself than ever before. Jake forced her to move out of the dorms—where much of their affair had happened—and in with him so he could make sure she was eating. She'd completely lost her appetite and when she did force food down, she had a very hard time keeping it down. She'd been much better the past few weeks—well, months actually. But on days like today, when she knew Jake was off with some slut-muffin, she needed to be in a place that she associated with being desired. Bella knew it was wrong. Bella finally admitted to herself that Edward was not the kind of man to settle down with anyone and he was just using her. After a few weeks of therapy and a frank discussion with Dr. Cullen, it became clear that Edward was a complete womanizer and his wife's behavior encouraged it. But he had made her feel wanted. Love was born from desire and Edward was the only man who had ever desired her in her adult life. Bella desperately wanted to be wanted. Bella's phone buzzed loudly and scooted across the library table. She fumbled for it self-consciously hoping that it was Jake telling her his plans had fallen through. Jake may not desire her, but he was happy to spend time with her at least. You're lost in thought, Love. I hope it's me you're thinking about right now. I miss your scent. I miss how you taste. Bella's heart dropped and she closed her eyes in disbelief. Another memory danced across the back of her lids. " Edward, someone's going to see us," Bella giggled as his lips sucked the side of her neck. He pushed her against a shelf of books from behind. " Don't draw attention to us then," he purred in her ear. His fingers found the waistband of her yoga pants and dipped in and down to her hot, slick folds. She gasped at his brazenness in public. "Fuck, Bella, you're not wearing any underwear!" His middle finger found its way inside her where he pumped a few times. Another gasp escaped her lips as he pulled them out and spun her around in time for her to see him suck her essence off the finger he'd just finger-fucked her with. " You taste so good," he said and kissed her, sliding his tongue into her mouth so she could taste, too. "Let's go." Bella opened her eyes from the memory and her eyes roamed to the stacks where it had actually happened. She gasped when, leaning on end of the row where she was pondering, she saw his bronze hair and crooked smile. He stood up, pressed a button on his phone and disappeared into the stacks. Bella's phone buzzed again. Come and relive a memory. A/N: Leave me your thoughts. I like to hear them. Pssst: the better the response, the more likely I am to update faster. Chapter 2 is written and ready.