touch her. Over my dead body!" Edward spat. "That can be arranged," Jacob replied; malice glinted in his eyes. He was more than ready to fulfill that promise. He took a step towards Bella. In a second Edward stood in front of Bella. "She needs me," Jacob snarled, his body trembling with the effort not to shift inside the tent. "I'd rather freeze to death than let you near me," Bella stuttered between clenched teeth. "You heard her. Now get out," Edward warned. "You heard her, Jake. Sam will have your head if you cause any more trouble," Embry warned him. "She needs heat," Jacob spat in agitation at not getting what he wanted. "And she will get it, but not from you. I'm sure Embry won't mind helping Bella get warm," Edward said not taking his eyes from a seething Jacob. Embry looked at Jacob before he replied. "No, I won't mind at all," he said and went to Bella folding her into his arms. A moment later she stopped shivering and fell asleep. "You let him help her, but not me? She is my friend. There is no difference, you are just doing it out of spite," Jacob seethed with rage. "The difference is that he hasn't inappropriate thoughts about another man's woman mongrel. And you are anything but her friend. Now get out," Edward hissed. Jacob growled deeply before storming out into the cold. He shifted and howled into the night. "Thank you, Embry. I really appreciate it," Edward said. "No problem," Embry said. "I'm sorry for Jacob's behavior. He just doesn't know when to quit," he added. Edward just nodded. When Bella woke up the next morning she was alone. She left the tent and saw Seth coming towards her. "Hello, Seth," Bella greeted the young wolf with a smile. She saw Edward walking towards her. "Morning love," he greeted, giving her a morning kiss. "Morning," she returned. "Is Jacob still here?" she asked, worried he would cause more trouble. "Unfortunately, yes. He's lurking somewhere," Edward replied bitterly. She sighed in resignation. What will it take for Jacob to come to his senses? She felt responsible, if she had listened to Edward and everyone else's warnings, maybe Jacob wouldn't be so delusional. "What is he still doing here?" she asked irritated. "He hopes to catch you alone so he can try to change your mind. He wants you to finally accept that you belong to him," Edward explained what he had read in Jacob's mind all morning. "I don't believe this. I'm sorry, Edward. I feel responsible. If I had listened to you than…," she tried to explain, but Edward interrupted her. "Don't, it's not your fault. You couldn't have predicted how he would react. You thought he was your friend," he comforted her. "Still, I should have ended it sooner. I hurt you, and I'm sorry for that," she said with deep regret. "Maybe, but everyone makes mistakes. You were hurt. I shouldn't have left. I think deep down you wanted to punish me for leaving, and that's understandable," Edward said when she wanted to deny it. "We both made mistakes, but as long as we learn from them, everything will work out," Edward promised, making sure she knew that he had forgiven her. Bella wasn't the only one who made mistakes. He kissed her softly, caressing her cheek. "I love you, Bella. I can't wait until you're my wife. Bella Cullen," Edward proclaimed passionately. He took her hand and gave it a kiss. "You're marrying him? Have you lost your mind, Bella? You can't marry that bloodsucker!" Jacob yelled, storming towards them. Edward stepped in front of Bella, shielding her from Jacob's irrational wrath. This was getting old. It was time to put the mongrel into his place. "Jacob, what are you still doing here?" she asked in surprise. His sudden appearance had startled her. He looked ready to attack Edward, his whole body was shaking, his eyes glaring with hatred, and he was snarling viciously. He was starting to scare her. "What's the matter, Bella, do you have something to hide. Didn't want anyone knowing your dirty, little secret, did you," he mocked her. "I don't have anything to hide, especially not from you. And it certainly isn't a secret that I will marry Edward. I love him, he is mine, and I'm his. The only thing dirty here is you and your disgusting delusions you have concerning me," she retorted angrily at his gall. She watched him tremble, anger, malice, and even a bit craziness radiating of him in waves. The tension was getting to her, and she had enough. "It's time you leave, Jacob, and I don't want you to come back. Whatever friendship we had is over. After everything you have done, I just can't trust you. And to be honest, I don't want to. Too much happened," she said with finality. "Go, just go." "Fine. I'll go. It will be on your conscience if I'll be killed, because I couldn't concentrate," Jacob said maliciously. "No, it won't. You won't guilt me into anything, Jacob. You are responsible for your own actions, and no one else," she said indifferently. She wouldn't let him manipulate her ever again. He gave her one last hateful glare before he shifted into wolf form and ran towards the approaching battle. She thought she would feel sad or regret at ending their friendship, but she didn't. She felt nothing but relieve as she watched him leave for good. It was finally over. At least she hoped. AN: This was the last installment of the Eclipse One-Shots. In the book and movie were so many things that irritated me, I just couldn't resist writing my own version. Every time Bella ran to Jacob, completely dismissing Edward's feelings, I wanted to groan and scream: Not again! Well that was it for now. Merry Christmas. I wish everyone wonderful holidays and a good start into the new year.