"He wouldn't actually do it." I kissed him again, pushing myself into his palms. "I know that. I can't wait until you are all mine and I don't have to sneak these moments or share you with anyone." His mouth slammed into mine and his hands cupped my bare ass and pulled me impossibly closer to him. A small part of my mind wondered if Edward thought that I would cut off all connections with Charlie if and when we ever got married. I didn't quite know what he meant about not having to share me. I could never just abandon Charlie like Renee had already done. But that small little portion of my mind was distracted by what his mouth and hands were doing to my body. "Come on," I tried to pull away, "I really should get home. I don't want to be late." The last time we'd lost track of time I was grounded for two weeks and both Charlie and Edward were almost impossible to get along with. Edward sulked at school and Charlie lectured me at night. I almost went insane. "Okay, Pet." He gave me another quick kiss. "This was good tonight." I loved that crooked smile of his. I moved off Edward's lap and back into the passenger seat. I pulled my skirt down and dug my underwear off the floor while Edward resituated himself in the driver's seat. "Where's my shirt?" I giggled as I turned to look in the back seat. It had landed in the back window and I had to crawl back and retrieve it. When I turned back around to climb back into the front seat I could see him smirking at me. "What?" I asked, grinning back. "You have a nice ass." We were quiet on the short drive to Charlie's house and the windows were completely defogged by the time we pulled into the driveway. "So I'll pick you up for school tomorrow?" He always asked me this even though he knew I loved to drive my truck. It was a gift from Billy that Jacob serviced on a regular basis. "I can drive myself," I tried. Edward hated my truck. He said it was an eyesore and he didn't know why I wasn't embarrassed to drive the 'rusting piece of crap.' "Nonsense, we don't want to add to our carbon footprint do we? I'll pick you up." I looked at my phone in my lap and remembered the bonfire. Maybe I could strike a deal with him. "Okay," I replied. "But can we go to the Bonfire on Saturday? Please? It's an annual tradition and it would win you some points in Charlie's book if you took me." I pulled my bottom lip in between my teeth. His best friend Emmett told me that Edward thought that was my sexiest expression. Emmett was great for information like that. "Will you let Alice pick out your outfit?" he asked with a crooked smile. Edward thought Alice had a great sense to style. Too bad that was based on what he saw her wear to school—the clothes her mother bought her. "Fine," I grumbled. I knew that meant something cute, but completely inappropriate for the beach. But it'd make Edward happy; and going would make Jake and Charlie happy. I was hopeful that for one day of my life, I could make all the important men in my life happy at the same time. After a few more heated kisses to show my gratitude, Edward walked around the car and opened my car door. I was satisfied. I felt his hungry eyes on me as he watched me walk up the stairs to the porch. I turned around briefly to wave. He was indeed still gawking at me. The door was still unlocked for me and I locked it behind me. "Did you get everything you needed?" Charlie called from the living room. "Yeah," I answered with a light tone. "We did. And Edward's taking me to the bonfire on Saturday. Jake invited us both and Edward agreed." "Did he now?" Charlie mused with a smile. I didn't know if he was pondering Edward or Jake. I picked up the empty beer cans and chip bowl and took them into the kitchen. "I'm bushed, so I'm going to go to bed," I called from the stairs. I pulled out my phone and happily texted Jake back as I walked up the stairs. EDWARD and I will both be there on Saturday. Quit calling him a wanker. You're watching too much BBC. Who's this girl? What's her name? Where'd you meet? I'm so happy for you, Jake! My phone buzzed while I was brushing my teeth. Nessie is her name nd shes here for a year on a native exchange program. Shes goin to skool here shes awesome bells u r goin 2 luv her I'm sure I will, Jake. I'll see you then. ly ly2 bellz I had one more text to send before I went to bed. I need you to pick out a SUITABLE outfit to wear to a bonfire on Saturday. I need to stay warm, but I need Edward to like it. Are you up for the challenge? I changed into my pajamas thinking about how nice it would be if all the men in my life could get along. My phone buzzed again. R U KIDDING ME? YES IM UP FOR THE CHALLENGE It was just like Alice to squeal through a text message. I could almost hear it. Another buzz. B over after school and b4 my dance class in PA Okay. Love you, Alice. Good night. I slipped beneath my sheets and blankets. I was completely exhausted. I always felt exhausted these days. I wondered if life and relationships were always this hard. Please leave me some love and tell me what you think. I plan on posting once a week. More love means more motivation to post. Just sayin'.