that afternoon. It was after 4 before Leah finally got home. Her parents were waiting for her in the house when she got there. "Where have you been young lady?" Harry demanded, standing to meet her when Leah walked through the door. "Uh, class…" Leah said, rolling her eyes, "I know that you really don't care about my life or anything, but you think you would remember when I had class." "You shouldn't even be going to class in your condition," he thundered forward, his face red. "What 'condition' are you talking about?" Leah asked, her eyes narrowed. "The fact that you're a protector, a wolf," Sam's voice came from behind her. Leah whirled around and glared at the man. She could see the other elders filtering into her house behind Sam. Chief Billy Black rolled himself into the living room and parked next to Harry, Old Quil following him and sitting on Billy's right. "Sam told us about what happened last night," Billy said, glaring at Leah from his seat. "Told us how you shifted, endangering the Alpha's imprint, and how you refused to submit to his leadership." Leah snorted, "If you bunch of self-righteous asshats think I'm going to submit to Sam, then you've got another thing coming." She sneered at the mention of Sam's name and inwardly smirked at the contempt in the elders' eyes. She wilted slightly as her father was one of those people displaying contempt while her mother wouldn't even look at her. "You will submit to Sam, you will stop going to college in Port Angeles and return to La Push or you will face the consequences!" Harry roared, glaring at his daughter. The young woman stared her father in the face for a full minute. "Hell no," she whispered quietly. Leah turned her eyes to all of the elders and shook her head at them. "What are you all going to do to me? Most of what you would do you can't because I haven't committed any crime. I'm assuming you don't want the rest of the tribe to know the truth, or else you wouldn't be so secretive about this stuff." Leah's frame was vibrating slightly and she could feel her wolf just under the surface of her skin, ready to come out at a moment's notice. "Leah, if you do not fall in line right now, then I will no longer see you as my daughter!" Harry spat out. Tired of all of the elders' blustering and groaning, Leah decided to call his bluff. "I'll go start packing my things then." With that, Leah turned and stomped upstairs. "Leah," Sue called, rushing after her daughter, "Leah honey, Harry didn't mean it. We're just concerned is all, you need to follow Sam in order to learn to control your wolf properly…" "Shut-up Mom," Leah yelled, glaring at her mother. "You are telling me to submit to the leadership of the man who broke up with me after cheating on me with my cousin? Yes he told me about the imprint, but he should've broken up with me before going to her. He should've told me more than, 'you're not good for me.'" Leah seethed. She yanked a duffle bag out of her closet and started throwing some of her clothes in, the ones that would still fit anyway and some of her other things that she couldn't bear to get rid of. "I'll be back for the rest of my things and my furniture when I get a place," she said, walking past her sobbing mother and back down the stairs. "You're not going anywhere Leah," Sam sneered, barring the exit to the house. Glaring, Leah braced her hand against his chest and pushed, thrusting him out the door onto his ass in the yard. "Some alpha," Leah snorted, climbing into her car and pulling out of the drive. Leah turned down the road that lead to the tiny town of Forks about 20 miles out of La Push. Once she reached Forks she located the house of the one person in town who she knew would help her out if she asked him. Pulling up to his house, Leah saw his car in the drive and smiled with relief. She walked up to the front porch steps and knock on the door. "Leah?" The man said, opening the door. "Hey Chief," Leah grimaced, greeting her father's best friend, Forks Police Chief Charlie Swan. Okay, so I made an important change to how the wolves are colored, which I feel should have been more obvious in canon. In canon, the wolves' colors are based on their personality. I felt this was an interesting point, and decided to keep it. However, I also added in a little thing about the blood lines of the wolves, and decided to make it that the wolves would have the color of what bloodline they inherited the wolf genes from. The three bloodlines that I know of are Aterra, Black and Uley. I have no clue what their wolves were colored, I looked, but I don't think author lady ever said, so I assigned colors based on the current descendants of those lines. So, i.e. Aterra line- Chocolate brown Black line- Russet brown Uley line- Black (does anyone see the irony here?) So, wolves descending from any of these lines will have those colors in their fur, as well as colors that define their personalities. I looked up the wolves on the wikia Twilight thingy, and found which bloodline they came from. I thought it was interesting that Leah had all three bloodlines in her, so decided to make it more prominent. I also thought that it would give her a leg up over the other wolves, hence why she was able to break away. Review guys, this chapter was really more prologuish, but I've found that people tend to skip prologues. That's why I merged the prologued and first chapters together, giving you this thing!