she started dating Sam, but after reading that journal, I understand better now. Sam wanted a housewife he could fuck at any time, and forced that on Emily." "So what is Paul doing to me?" "I phased and waited until I felt Paul phase as well, and I heard what he was thinking of," she started again. "Bella, he, he's been sleeping around, that's who he is, the man whore of La Push, but every time he sleeps with someone else, someone not you, the imprint punishes you for not being enough for him, for not being worthy of his dick, his sperm." "What are you saying?" Leah took a deep breath, "He knows his fucking around is hurting you, he can feel you through the bond. When he fucks someone else, or even masturbates, the imprint takes it as you not being enough for him, not being worthy of carrying the next line of wolves, and punishes you accordingly." "It feels like a pressure is sitting on my chest, a cord around my neck and claws ripping apart my organs," Bella whispered, her hand still rubbing at her throat. "That's the imprint, the spirit of the wolf is literally tearing you apart from the inside," the older girl said, sympathy and disgust present on her face. "Why are you helping me?" Bella asked suddenly, looking at Leah with suspicion. "Why are you telling me this? You hate me…" "I'm not going to lie Swan, I don't like you, but I was disgusted once I knew what Paul was doing. I don't like you, but I hate the pack, the council, the tribe even more," Leah replied, anger present in her eyes. "They took everything from me and then expect me to sit by while this shit happens? I don't think so." "They… what?" Leah sighed again, "Once I knew what Paul was doing, I stayed phased for a while until Sam phased in. He started talking to Paul about how he was doing with 'fixing' you, correcting your leech loving behavior I guess. Apparently Sam and the elders were operating under the assumption that Paul was using the imprint to correct your behavior, they have no idea what he's really doing, though what they think he is doing is bad enough." "Did they… did they do something to the other imprints, I know you said Emily was…" "A whore, yup, a dirty, rotten, whore, and I'm pretty sure they knew about 'correcting' her behavior. As for Jared's imprint Kim, well, she's a genius, had a scholarship to Berkeley for engineering. As soon as Jared imprints on her, she rejects the scholarship to stay with him. Now she's finishing her senior year of high school and well on her way to being a statistic for teenage pregnancy." Bella jumped out of her seat at Leah's words and started pacing, "I can't fucking believe this shit, I can't believe it. First my dickhead vampire boyfriend dumps me like yesterday's garbage and his whole family leaves, then I find out a psycho vampire is hanging around and I'm pretty sure she's after me, I get imprinted on and controlled by a rat bastard, and then I find out that the old farts in charge of the place, some of the people I've known since I was a baby, are condoning have girls basically brainwashed and forced into situations they don't want. And they want me to go through that as well!" She collapsed on the floor, tears flowing out of her eyes. "I can't do this," she whispered before looking back up at Leah. "Is there a way to break the imprint? Get rid of it? I let someone control me before because I thought I loved him, because I thought he loved me. Looking back, I regret it, so I'm definitely not going to let some racist, prejudice idiot control me." Leah looked pensive, "As far as I know, there is no way to break the imprint. Only death will free you." The brunette's heart dropped into her stomach at the older girl's words and she slumped to the ground in defeat. A stray thought entered her mind as she mulled over Leah's words. "Only death will free me…" She murmured. "So if I die, then the imprint is broken?" "Yeah, but you'll be dead so there isn't really much of a point," Leah said, sitting back. She paused for a moment and thought about her own words before glancing down to look at the other girl. She took in the thoughtful expression, the almost calculating look in her eyes as she realized what the girl was thinking. "Please don't tell me that you're thinking about-" "It's the only way Leah, the only way to be free of this," Bella stated firmly. "It's the only way to be free of the imprint and see the next sunrise. At the rate Paul's going with his nefarious scheme, he might kill me sooner or later, so I'll die either way. At least one option has me waking up three days later." Leah pondered her words and nodded her head. "I hate it, but you make sense, doesn't mean I have to like it. And how are you going to get turned into a bloodsucker anyway? Just find the closest leech and go 'Hi, can you turn me into a vampire, I know I smell and look like food, but don't do it.' Like that will work." Another memory flashed through Bella's mind, which helped make her decision. "I have an idea but you're not going to like it." "I'm a wolf Swan, I don't like any part of this conversation but I agree, you turning into a vampire is better than turning into a mindless drone or Paul finally killing you." "Thanks Leah, I need your help with this. I need you to help me get out of town." "And go where?" A/N: Let me know what you guys think, I'm curious Review