up, because the large amount of time we spent on the phone almost every week was not enough, according to myself. We left Bella alone, to get settled in, while we went to Dad's room to place my clothes in a single draw, Dad cleared out for me, and my baseball gear in his closet. That's probably the biggest thing Dad and I had in common. Our shared passion for baseball. Many nights we had stayed up, watching the game, sometimes into the wee hours of the morning. It was great. He's probably the reason I loved to play it. I just hoped that they would let me onto the school's team. According to Dad, they were in need of a catcher, my ideal position. But really, anything would do as long as I could play. There was only one small bathroom at the top of the stairs, which I would have to share with Dad and Isabella. I didn't mind too much, considering I only really took a quick shower and brushed my teeth and hair every day to get ready. It was Isabella I worried about, but as long as I woke up before her, I would hopefully be able to get ready in time for school. Even if I did have to walk two miles in the rain if Isabella ever managed to destroy her truck, and believe me, if it's Isabella we are talking about, it's possible. One of the best things about Dad is his ability to convey his emotions in actions, not words. He understands people, especially his family. Knowing exactly the right times to leave you alone, or to come to your aid if you're in need. It's the main reason why I always wanted to live with him instead of Mom. Don't get me wrong, I do love my mother, Renée. But Mom always found it hard to communicate with me. We had nothing in common and she was used to only flirting with men, not holding proper conversations with them about sport or their day. She always gave all her attention to Isabella, knowing that it hurt me, but not knowing what else to do. I was used to by now though. I understood that she did try her best and I loved her for it. I just wish she would have let me at least see my dad more often. Forks High School had a grand total of only three hundred and fifty-seven - now fifty-nine - students; there were more than seven hundred people in my junior class alone back home, something that I never quite liked. All of the kids here had grown up together - their grandparents had been toddlers together. Bella and I would be the new kids from the big city, a curiosity, freaks. But honestly, I didn't mind it. I loved the thought of not having to learn a few hundred different names when I started just to forget them all as soon as I left the building. Maybe, if we looked like people from Phoenix should, people wouldn't question us as much. But physically, we didn't fit into that image. We should be tan, and compared to Isabella, I was. Although I hated living in the valley of the sun, I still went out with friends, playing baseball every chance I got, generally just getting out of the house that always felt suffocating. Unfortunately, for Isabella, she did not look like she fit in anywhere. She wasn't tan, she wasn't sporty, nor blond - a volleyball player, or a cheerleader, even - the thought of her participating in either enough to make me laugh for hours on end. No, she wasn't any of those things. Instead, she was ivory-skinned, a few shades lighter than me, without even the excuse of blue eyes or red hair, despite the constant sunshine, because she hardly ever left the shade - a feet I didn't think possible in a place like that. We both had always been slender, but soft somehow, even with my athletic tendencies, I never seemed to build much muscle definition, and there was no chance Isabella would ever be any type of athlete. She didn't have the necessary hand-eye coordination to play sports without humiliating herself - and harming both herself and anyone else who stood too close, mostly me, back when I didn't know any better. Thinking on it more, I realised that it wasn't just physically that Isabella never fit in. She was always alone, back at our old school, if she wasn't with me. I just hoped that she would be able to find somewhere to belong, here, if only so she would stop clinging to me at school. We never really got along well. She didn't relate well to people our age… sometimes I wondered if she even related to people, period. Even our mother, who she was closer to than anyone else on the planet, didn't always see eye to eye with her. Sometimes it was like she didn't even see the same things we did. She once said that maybe there was a glitch in her brain. It just made me laugh at her silliness, but now that I think on it more, maybe her brain is a little bit different to others. A bit more… focused, in a way. Once she got something into her mind, she couldn't let it go. Almost like an obsession. I'd hoped that maybe this new school would be good for her, to stop the strange obsessing she does over the smallest of things and her self-deprecating tendencies. Tomorrow we would find out how she would react to Forks High School. Hopefully it would be better than the last place. Personally, I just hoped that they would have a baseball team that would let me join. That night the constant rain and wind going across the roof ebbed me to sleep, where I dreamed of old memories, containing Dad and I.