and cherish the time we had spent together as the most beautiful gift life had given him. (A shiver seemed to pass gently through her thin frame.) He wished me all the best in life, and promised he would come and see us whenever he came to India. That's why he was here today. He is here for a medical conference." "And did he get married?" she fired another question. Mum nodded. "I begged him to move on, insisting I wouldn't be happy until he was. Finally, he got married to a girl he used to know as a child. They are happy together." I wanted to ask only one question, and I asked it then. 'Mum, your parents neglected you, your relatives always compared you unfavourably to Aunt Rose, and you had a lousy childhood, all because of her. Yet you gave up the one chance of happiness and love you had for her children. Why?" She looked surprised. "Oh no, I didn't have a difficult time because of Rose. It was not her fault she was pretty and I was not. I know you imagine us as a kind of reversal of Cinderella and her ugly sister, but it wasn't like that." She gave a rather impish smile at the look on our face. "Oh yes, you have let your imagination run away with you, haven't you? Although I must say your faith in me is touching. But you know, in spite of all the pampering she received Rose was quite unspoilt. She was a happy person, and she liked everyone around her to be happy. Why, all those photographs in which we are together—she was the one who dragged me in front of the camera. I would never have faced one on my own." "But you have changed now, haven't you?" I asked. "I thought you were always like this." She shook her head. "No, I wasn't. Like others I gave too much importance to looks. I believed that I didn't deserve love, romantic love, I mean. But Toni made me see how wrong I was. And Rose's death really shook me up. It also taught me an important lesson, which I should have learnt earlier as a doctor. That life is truly precious. Rose was pretty, but she had such a short life. Shouldn't I thank God then, for being alive and well? And surrounded by so much love? What I did was the least I could do, actually." "But grandmother says Dad took pity on you and married you because nobody else would have," I said bitterly. "And both of them are so sentimental over her death even now!" Mum raised her eyebrows at my tone. 'Well, who else should be they sentimental over? I'm still alive, am I not? Anyway, what mother thinks doesn't matter. You know the truth, and so does your Dad. That's enough for me." Her tone was very serious. "I have seen mother devastated over Rose's death. In fact, I was afraid for her life then. No, it's enough that she is still with us." She looked at Pari curiously. "You are very quiet. What are you thinking of?" "Just that you couldn't have loved Dad the way you loved Toni. It must have been difficult…for both of you," she answered softly. It seemed to me Pari had suddenly grown up a lot in the last hour or two. Mum did not reply immediately, but looked at her feet, which was uncharacteristic of her. When she finally raised her head her eyes were very bright. "I did what I thought was right," she said, and her voice was steady. "It was my choice, and I have never repented over it, nor do I intend to. Life's like that. It asks us to decide one way or another, and does not give us much time. Maybe you don't understand it today, but one day you will. Children are the most precious gift God has given us. Whatever we do for them is worth doing." She blinked and looked at us, her eyes warm and shining. "You two love me, don't you?" "Of course Mum," we said in unison. "But are you happy…with Dad?" I asked hesitantly. She smiled shyly, her cheeks going pink. Was she blushing? "Your father is very easy to love. It took us time to adjust to the shock life had given us, but yes, eventually we learnt to make the best of it." Pari asked, "Can I ask you another question?" Mum nodded, looking anxious. "Does Toni have a son? Of course he will be younger to me, but I can wait for him to grow up." Pari's eyes were alight with mischief. Mum and I dissolved into laughter. Later that evening, I watch my parents with new eyes. I notice how attentive Dad is to Mum, how he looks at her with adoration written on his face, and how his attention makes her eyes sparkle. Even the way he calls her Bella , not Isabella. Oh yes, they love each other all right. It is such a relief to me. We all know Dad is a big softie, in spite of his tough guy act as a senior administrative officer. When Aunt Rose died, it probably shook his world. I am sure that Mum saved him as much as she saved Pari and me when she agreed to marry him, even though most probably she has never realized it. You know, you are right. You really can't call my Mum pretty. You can, however, call her one of the most beautiful women on this earth. A.N. : Thank you to all the readers who read and reviewed this story in the contest, and voted for it of course. It was a happy surprise to win the various awards in this contest. Honestly, I hadn't expected anything! This story is a one-shot. However, if you are interested in an EPOV or an outtake, please let me know.