say that he immediately raised a red flag on my radar. The way he moved at the museum, the fact that he wouldn't talk about the chalice although it was obvious that he knew a lot about it. I actually spent my Saturday afternoon researching the chalice. That's how I found out about Volterra." "A legend.…" Bella corrected with a smile, remembering her own research when she had first known Edward. "Yes, a legend. But don't all legends have some elements of truth?" "Some secrets are best kept hidden in plain sight. Information is there, but no one pays attention," Edward confirmed. "Still… offering your guest a glass of blood.…" Bella giggled. Neal winced, not really proud of himself and brought the conversation back to the real reason for their visit. "So, you went back to the museum?" "Yes, I did, with Bella. We spent most of our afternoon there. Your observation skills are remarkable. The cameras, the blind spots, the safety exits, everything was right where you had said. I found out the best way in and out. Then I checked the glass casing protecting the chalice." "Did you spot a wire, a black box, something that would hint to an alarm attached to the casing?" "No, I didn't see anything like it. I think they are relying on the weight of the glass to protect the chalice. Its thickness is quite impressive. Still, there is something you did not see. Here, I took a picture, from as close as I could manage." "Well done, Edward. You do seem to have a natural gift.…" "Neal, please, do not encourage him," Bella complained. Neal looked sheepish. Edward's gifts were so wonderful he couldn't help contemplate other thefts to run. "Sorry, Bella. As regards to your picture, to put it in simple words, it's some sort of a scale with a silent alarm. It's triggered when the weight changes. A simple but effective alarm." "Is there a way to bypass the trigger?" "By replacing the chalice with an object of the same weight like Indiana Jones? Not really. It's not just about the weight, it's about the pressure. The weight needs to be kept constant, the slightest change and the alarm is triggered... Give me a second." Neal took a paper. "This is a map of the buildings around the museum. We could use your speed. Let's ignore the alarm. You take the chalice and run as fast as you can. Then, if you can jump from roof to roof fast enough before the security teams get there, that should do it. Of course, you're the only one who can do that." "I'll go and check tonight, but I don't think that's a problem. The buildings look close enough for me to jump easily." "Then I guess you're all set. Remember to dress in black, hide your appearance, particularly your hair, and use a hood. Your hair color is way too distinctive. The police would find you in no time by checking IDs at the airport entrances." Neal raised his glass in a toast. "Good luck. From now on, I don't want to hear about it anymore. I don't want to know when. The less I know about this, the better for me, especially if unfortunately the FBI is given the case." "Is that possible?" Bella asked suddenly worried. "We wouldn't want you getting in trouble." "No, that's highly improbable. Simple thefts are not our jurisdiction," Neal confidently soothed her. "In any case, thank you very much. For your time, the risks you're taking. I am aware of it and I really hope we won't cause you any problem." "Reminds me of the good old days.…" Neal sighed in regret. "I realize I'm breaking a lot of the ground rules we have with Peter. To tell you the truth I do feel a bit guilty; let's get this over with quickly so that the chalice goes back to the museum." "Neal, how can I thank you?" "Don't worry, really. Meeting a vampire, even though I still have trouble believing it, is quite the reward." "Can we at least invite you for dinner before we leave?" "I thought you didn't need to eat?" "I can pretend, and Bella does need food. It could be a nice evening." "All right then. Make it a table for four; I'll introduce you to my girlfriend Sara. We could do it this Thursday if you're free. Then we're leaving for a few days. My first vacation out of New York since… way too long." "Perfect. I'll call you back to let you know the restaurant. By the way, we're staying at the Waldorf-Astoria, if you need anything." "Well, well, pricy choice.…" "When you have a sister that can read the future, it's easy to make the proper investments." "Good night Neal. Thank you again. We will never forget your assistance." "Good night, Bella. Thursday, we can enjoy a normal conversation. I saw that you were looking at my paintings. We could talk about art if you want to." "With pleasure. See you on Thursday." Neal closed the door and shook his head, still amazed by this surreal encounter with a vampire, surprised to be the one to help such a creature. After a few minutes of musing, he remembered the planned weekend in the Catskills with Sara and he turned his computer on. A few minutes later, the reservation was confirmed and he sent the data to Sara. His phone beeped almost instantly. He picked up the line with a smile. "Hello, Santa's office.…" "Is this a joke?" "Nope. A gift from Peter." "How did you convince him to let you leave New York?" "My exemplary behavior." Sara burst out laughing. "Can't wait, then." "By the way, keep your evening free for me on Thursday. I would like you to meet some friends over dinner." "Okay, good night. "Good night, Sara." End chapter 1 Note: Recognized the surprise character? Merlin, from the BBC show "Merlin". TBC