the front of my teeth to her neck, teasing her. "Imagine her surprise when you tell her all about the hot sex you had with this handsome, superior, god-among-men. How you spent the night in his bed… getting fucked ." I whisper the last part in her ear and then lick the shell. "Coming. Over… and over… and over." "Jesus, Edward. You're awfully sure of yourself," she taunts, but I hear the trembling in her voice. Strangely enough, I like it. No one else is brave enough to tease me. How is it even possible to want her more than I already do? To like her more. I pull back to look into her eyes, even more desperate to keep her from leaving me. "Stay. Just until Monday morning. Then, if you still want to go, I'll let you." It'll kill me, but I'll do it. As long as Bella is happy, I'll deal — but I'd prefer she be happy with me. She's so quiet, I start to get nervous. Finally, she tilts her head to the side. "Say I stay with you all weekend. You mentioned a lot of… um… orgasms. How many are we talking?" Pink stains her cheeks, and I take a deep breath, savoring the bouquet. "Until you lose count." Seeing her eyes widen in shock, I add, "Or you ask me to stop. Whichever comes first." I want to ruin you for anyone else. Make sure you ' ll never forget me. Her heartbeat speeds up and she swallows hard. I follow the movement along the length of her neck, and fight the sting of venom in response. Then my eyes wander lower, where I'm greeted with an indecent amount of cleavage. God, she's gorgeous. "And if I want, you'll let me go and I can count last night among my fondest memories?" "Yes." I'm amazed I can say anything past the knot of anticipation in my throat. My voice hasn't cracked since I was fourteen years old, but it does now. Because she's… important. And because she's sitting on my dick . "What are you thinking?" I have to know. "That I'd be an idiot to leave." One hand comes up, the feel of her soft fingertips on my cheek like silk. "If you want me to stay, then I will." "Stay. Please." My voice doesn't really even come out this time. She nods, pinching her lower lip between her teeth. I pull her down to me to lick away the sting before she can break the skin, but I'm too late. I groan into her mouth, sucking at the salty-sweet blood that trickles from the tiny wound. I try to keep any venom from entering her body, and because she's not writhing in pain, I know I'm successful. From the moment I awoke craving the taste of blood, I swore I'd never condemn another person to this half-life. As I open my eyes to see the black velvet slash of her lashes against her pink cheek, something occurs to me. Is it only a half-life because I spent it without Bella? She pulls back and it takes everything I have to let her. Such a tiny taste isn't enough. I need more. My eyes are locked on her lips, watching raptly as another drop of blood wells up and trickles over the curve. The need to bite and drink wars with my need to protect, to keep her human. I raise a trembling finger to wipe it away, looking into her eyes as I lick away her essence. Pure pleasure races through me and an animalistic growl rumbles in my chest. "Yes," Bella whispers, her breath amplifying the combined scents of woman, sex, and blood. It's too much. I need to put some distance between us, and I mean to do just that. Just one more sip… I kiss her again, hold her tight, and before I realize what I'm doing, I've rolled her to her back, pinning her to the bed. We break the kiss and stare at one another, lips smeared with crimson. My mind screams at me to make her truly mine, and I'm quickly losing the will to resist. Now that I know the taste of her, I'll never get enough. Bella reaches down, pushing at my pants until my erection springs free. It's one moment in time, one heartbeat as we freeze, waiting. She nods almost imperceptibly, murmuring, "Please." I plunge into her, licking at her lips at the same time. Her fingers twist in my hair and she pushes down on my head, guiding me to her neck. I let her. I hold her close, take us both to the edge. And as we tumble over, I sink my teeth into her neck. There was never a choice. I am irrevocably hers, and she will be mine. Forever. . . . A/N: If you haven't already, check out the other stories in the contest. Search author RedEyedEdward. Monolith (by NewTwilightFan) , Mate (by SheViking) , Blood and Water (by JMolly) , and Vengeful Intentions (by purpleC305) are must-reads. "Eat the rude" is taken directly from the NBC TV show "Hannibal." I'm still devastated they cancelled it. Sad face. So I know it's not Chain Reaction, but I've been so blocked that I just wrote what I could — this one shot. I have about 1500 words of an epilogue for CR and the last chapter is in rough draft form, but it's done. I just want to get the whole thing complete, so when you probably have to reread the whole thing to catch up on what's going on, you'll only have to do it once. Sorry. I'll do my best to make it worth the wait! Thanks for sticking with me. You never know when I'll pop up. I have a tentative outline for a few more chapters of this, so alert me or the story and maybe you'll get a surprise one day. :)