like people that took my Mama from me?" "Yes little one, like those people." Bella nodded, feeling slightly sleepy from her mother stroking her hair. "Good," she murmured, "then they can't hurt people anymore." Victoria hummed, slightly shocked at the opinion held by the young girl, but realized that she still held some pain and sadness from when Victoria told her about what she thinks happened to her mother. Not the part involving her grandparents, that would have to wait until she was older, but about her mother being attacked by ruffians. "Mommy," Bella's voice broke Victoria out of her thoughts. "Yes baby?" "Am I gonna be a vampire like you one day?" That question caused Victoria to freeze momentarily, her thoughts racing around her head. Did she want Bella to be a vampire? Would she have the strength to turn her, causing her intense pain? But if she didn't change Bella into a vampire, would she have the strength to let her go, live a human life and eventually die? The very thought caused her to shudder. "Mommy?" Victoria realized that she has been thinking too long. "What do you want baby?" She decided to ask. "I want to be like you, I don't want to live without you, you're the only mother I have left," Bella cried, tears rolling down her cheeks. The red head quickly shushed her daughter, wiping away her tears. "Don't worry baby," she soothed, "I'll change you, I'll change you, but when that will happen will be discussed at a later time. Now it's time for you little one to go to bed, I have to go to work." "Must be nice," Bella said yawning, "not having to sleep." Victoria smiled, "Well, it does give me more time, but I do miss it sometimes." She tucked the little girl in, kissing her on top of her head and giving one to her teddy bear too, their nightly ritual. "Mhm, I love you mommy," Bella murmured, quickly falling asleep. "I love you too baby," Victoria whispered, brushing the braids out of the little girl's hair. The vampire sighed as she watched the little girl sleep for a few minutes before checking the time on the clock. "Time for work, maybe I'll grab someone to eat before I go in though." Victoria grabbed her clothes and left the apartment, life couldn't get any better than this. Approximately same time: New York "So we can go see her now right? I mean, I haven't slipped at all and I have really good control right, so we can go see my little girl?" Rosalie asked, eyes pleading with Carlisle. He looked hesitant for minute, before nodding his head. "Alright, we'll all go. It's night time so it should be safe." Rosalie flashed the biggest smile any of them had ever seen from her and took off out the door. They were living in a grand house in northern New York. Rosalie begged to stay close enough so that she would be able to go to her daughter when the time was right. It didn't take anytime at all for the four vampires to run back to the city. Rosalie traced the steps back to her former home but stopped just short of it, a confused look on her face. "What's wrong?" Esme asked. "I don't… smell her," Rosalie said slowly, a disturbed look coming over her face. She climbed up the side of the house to look in the window of her old bedroom. The others followed her up and looked into the room; it was transformed into a paradise for a little girl. Toys and stuffed animals littered the room, and a giant canopy bed sat in the spot where Rosalie's bed once sat. "Isn't that her?" Carlisle asked, referring to the blond head poking out from under the covers. "N-no," Rosalie stuttered, "My daughter has brown hair, and would be over seven years old now. That girl in there is barely four." Anger crossed Rosalie's face as she started to growl lowly. "Where is my daughter?" She hissed, fingers leaving an imprint on the windowsill. She jumped down and raced inside before anyone could stop her, appearing in front of her startled mother. "Where is my daughter?" She repeated, growly at the older woman. "Rosalie?" Mrs. Hale whispered, horrified, "H-how? We thought you were dead?" "Where is SHE? I will not repeat myself again." "S-she's gone," her mother stuttered hesitantly, slowly edging her body away from her. "What do you mean gone?" "You never came back! Your father and I didn't want to take care of your bastard daughter," she yelled, completely forgetting her fear. Rosalie growled and Mrs. Hale shrunk back, cowering. "Please don't hurt me, m-my daughter Rosaline needs me." "My daughter needed her mother, needed her family," Rosalie hissed out. "Please Rosalie please." Rosalie just stared at her mother. "I'm not going to kill you," she said slowly, "because I don't want another girl to grow up without her mother." The blond glared one last time at her mother before disappearing out the door. "That wasn't very smart Rosalie," Carlisle said once she was back outside. They all took off back to their house, Rosalie working out her aggression on the forest along the way. "What was she thinking Edward?" Rosalie asked. Edward looked hesitantly at Carlisle and Esme, before looking back at the irate blond. "I don't think you really want to know," Edward said carefully. "I probably don't, but I have to know," Rosalie said. The bronze haired teenager sighed, "Your mother and your father abandoned your daughter when you didn't come back. She didn't think about it long, but there was a flash. They took her to the woods, it's doubtful that she survived." At his words, Rosalie broke down. "My baby," she gasped, "My beautiful baby." Esme hugged her while the other two watched on in pity as the normally icy vampire wept invisible tears for her lost daughter.