your eyes just drew me in," Isabella admitted blushing slightly, "And I don't think I ever got your name." "If the night goes well, I might just tell you," Tanya smirked, drawing a peal of laughter from the brunette. Once the song ended, Tanya bowed slightly to the brunette woman. "Care to join me outside?" She asked, "I would hate for our time together to be interrupted by others requesting a dance from you, though I wouldn't deny you the pleasure of more dance partners for the evening." "That is kind of you, but I think I've found my favorite dance partner of the evening, but don't you want to dance with other young women?" "You're the only one to catch my attention," Tanya answered truthfully, eliciting another smile from the brunette. "So then, where shall we go from here?" "Well if you would be so kind as to take my hand beautiful, the gardens here are quite lovely. Not as lovely as you of course, but they are satisfactory enough." With that, Tanya took Isabella's hand, and led her out towards the gardens. Emmett and Rosalie watched them as the two left the dance floor and retreated outside. "Looks like my best friend is smitten, you think it's true love?" The bulky man asked. "Not yet, but definitely love at first sight," Rosalie smiled before a thoughtful look crossed her face. "What's wrong?" Emmett inquired. "I'm not sure, but the woman seems familiar," the blonde scrunched her face up for a brief moment, "I can't place her though." "Well, we'll just have to find out if Tanya decides to relinquish her attention for a moment later on," Emmett smirked, looking forward to knowing the woman who has entranced his best friend. A few hours later, just before midnight, Tanya and Isabella were still in the garden, deep in discussion. The two found they had many things in common, such as a love for books and the outdoors, but while Tanya loved action and adventure books, Isabella loved fantasy and romance with a little bit of mystery. Both of the women enjoyed horseback riding, but while Tanya loved swordplay and archery, Isabella preferred gardening though her father did try to teach her to use a sword when she was younger. "I was too uncoordinated for sword fighting, I would literally trip over air and almost impale myself with the sword," Isabella told a laughing Tanya, "I'm not as uncoordinated now, but the memories are just too much for me to be able learn swordplay properly." "You must be joking?" Tanya gasped out in between peals of laughter. "No, no joke, a doctor was pretty much on call at my house all the time when I was younger," Isabella replied, smiling at the older woman. They both lost themselves in laughter, enjoying the sound of each other's laughter. Once they got control of themselves, they sat quietly and simply stared at each other, relishing the silence. "Do you believe in true love?" Tanya asked, staring into liquid chocolate. Isabella snorted and rolled her eyes, "I read romance novels, of course I believe in true love." "What about love at first sight?" The brunette studied the strawberry blond for a moment and lifted her hand to ghost her fingertips across the older woman's face, the part not covered by a mask anyway. "I'm starting to," Isabella whispered, moving forward to capture the pink lips in front of her. Tanya felt she should have been surprised by Isabella's actions, but she wasn't. This had been building between them since the moment their eyes met in the ballroom, and Tanya was not about to let the opportunity slip from her. She moved forward, wrapping one arm around Isabella's waist and bringing her other hand up to cup the young woman's face. Isabella's arms wound around Tanya's neck, pulling the strawberry blonde closer. Tanya opened and closed her mouth over the brunette's, capturing her bottom lip between her teeth and soothing it with her tongue. Moaning at the feeling, Isabella opened her mouth, allowing the other woman's tongue to sneak in, entwining with her own. The two dueled and danced, moving the words they didn't speak between their mouths, creating a new type of conversation, transcending language itself. "Oh I definitely believe in love at first sight," Isabella whispered once they broke apart, breathing heavily. "Me too," Tanya replied smiling. They both sat there with goofy grins on their faces until the distance chime of the clock tower in town drew their attention. "Half an hour until midnight," Isabella said, regret lacing her voice. She turned back to Tanya and gave her a sad smile, "I'm so sorry, but I have to go. I have to get home." "So soon?" Tanya asked, "The ball doesn't end until later." "I have to get home before my family does. They wouldn't be happy if they returned and I wasn't there," Isabella replied, standing up. "Please don't go," Tanya pleaded, her hand catching Isabella's arms. "I'm sorry," the brunette replied, her eyes full of regret before rushing out of the garden. Tanya sat there for a minute before shaking her. "I'm so stupid," she murmured before standing up to give chase. She caught sight of Isabella leaving the castle in a golden carriage. "I'm too late," Tanya cried, staring down at the ground in defeat. Something sparkled further down on the stairs and caught her attention. Stepping down the stairs, Tanya bent down and found that it was one of Isabella's crystal slippers. "I will find you my love," Tanya murmured, staring determinedly after the disappearing carriage. A/N: Review if you like, also if you would like to see more fairy tale renditions using Bella and different characters, just drop a line and I'll see what I can do. It's kind of amusing for me, and they make good short stories, despite what the writers of Once Upon a Time think, fairy tales are short for a reason...