her last dreadful task before clocking off. Thankfully, or unthankfully, he interrupted her again. "Ange?" he read off the name tag. "What's that short for, Angela?" "No. It's short for Anglerfish." She cringed instantly, looking around. Jesus, if one of her managers had heard her… Her blooming worries were squandered by the short burst of laughter that escaped the man's mouth. "I'm Paul." "Nice to meet you… Paul." He nodded back, and she shifted her weight. "Sorry about the…Anglerfish joke. It wasn't really even a joke. I was just being stupid." It was a crappy apology, but he waved it away "Nah, don't worry about it. It was kinda funny – Anglerfish . That's clever." Angela shrugged. "So, Ange. I haven't seen you here before?" "You…come here a lot?" He didn't look like the kind of guy who listened to mopey indie bands or dressed like a scarf-wearing lumberjack. He was actually incredibly tidy-looking, with a clean shaved face, cropped hair, and a watch. What kind of guy wore a watch anymore, anyways? Maybe he always had somewhere to be. "Nope. First time here." He grinned, but it was a quirky kind of grin. It was almost sarcastic. "And I meant I haven't seen you around here, meaning Forks ." "I live here. I've just been at Seattle for a few years." "For college?" "Yeah. UW." "What'd you go to school for?" It wasn't so much the questions he was asking her that caught her off guard, it was the intensity he had in his eyes when he asked, as if he was honestly curious and not just asking to gossip to his friends about her later like everybody else. "English." At his look, she elaborated. "Bachelors in Literature." His eye brow cocked. "So…what?" "What?" "I mean, why are you working here? Do they let you read up on their incredibly interesting books about elephantitis and do book clubs on how to make a voodoo doll?" Angela shrugged, picking up a plate and coffee cup from the table next to him. She frowned at the spill on the floor that the costumers didn't bother to tell her about before they left. It would stain the carpet. "Right, okay," Paul said. "Don't want to reveal the real reason why. I get it." She looked at him from over her glasses. He leaned in closer, a crook in the corner of his lips. "It's the erotica they keep in the back, isn't it?" Angela sniggered, and she noticed the tips of his ears go red. He wanted her to laugh, but she was unsure on how to receive the joke. Her laughter died down and she looked away. She could feel him still staring at her. Feeling self-conscious, she cleared her throat. "It's just for now." "Pretty small place; don't think they pay that well." He didn't have the right to know, but her mouth moved before she could stop it. "I live with my parents. It's just…extra money." He had that look that made it seem like she was too wealthy to work in "real life." Which wasn't the case, though she did live in one of the nicer neighborhoods in Forks. But that didn't mean she couldn't be a functioning member of society. "Times are tough, I guess." Angela sucked in her breath and gritted her teeth. It wasn't like she was destined to stay there forever, to serve forty-year-old hipsters who didn't understand that you can't wear a tie with a plaid shirt. She was proud of herself for holding her tongue, but still felt guilty when she bit out, "So, what'd you go to college for then?" "I didn't go to college." "Oh." It fell out before she could hold her tongue, but it was said, and she felt horrible. But it wasn't exactly unheard of for Native Americans to not go to college. It wasn't racist, she justified within herself. It was the truth, and it was just something they decided not to do. But still… "So, what do you do now?" "Construction. I help out the general contractor. I call people who call people." He laughed gently, scratching his neck. "Still can't read a blue print, though." Angela nodded politely, and they fell in silence. She wondered how she could know so much about a stranger in under five minutes, or how he could know so much about her. He could be a murderer for all she knew, but she knew that wasn't the case at all. She wasn't sure how to explain it, but she had a very settled and comfortable feeling about him. Taking the last of the trash, she heard Gage call out for her. As the one costumer in the shop, they all had to wait for him to leave before they could start to leave, too. Gage moved to clock her off when she heard Molly call, "Come back to see us soon!" Turning, she watched as Paul walked out of the glass door, not looking back. Her heart dipped to see him leaving, but shook herself out of it. "You sure you'll be okay?" she asked. Gage and Molly were closing together, and though Gage could be annoying, he had a terrible memory. No one would likely forget when he'd tried to roast tea bags instead of coffee beans. "Yeah, we'll be fine. I won't kill her, and she won't kill me. I hope." Collecting her things, she pulled out her phone while stepping outside. The sun set later this time of year, and she was able to soak up a bit of the sun that peaked through the clouds while she climbed into her car to drive home. A/N: The main difference in this AU is that Bella and Jacob are together. Edward never came back. This is also set in 2012, four years after Breaking Dawn was published, for time line purposes. Many thanks to my friends who have read it over before its publication. Reviews are appreciated.