Marcus, who were so shocked at her actions that they were speechless for once. For half-an-hour straight, Lara had scolded Caius for "All the stupid things!" he had done. Caius merely listened to her attentively, mumbling an apology only to have her start all over again and extended his hearing to another half-an-hour. When Caius is going to mumble another apology, Aro stopped him and told him that all Lara wanted is for him to cease apologizing to her. Caius had asked her why she rejected his apologies, and she in return had told him something that he had never thought she would say considering she is a very reserved and shy person. "I am your bride, your wife, and your lover," she had said, while he observed her struggling to keep her 'terribly humiliating blushing issues', as she called them, at bay. "I need only hear one apology from you, and that is more than enough when you tell me that you still love me. That is what I need to hear, not your constant apologies. I'm tired of it, Caius; I don't want to hear it anymore." His thoughts down memory lane were interrupted when Lara takes a deep breath and turned around. Opening her eyes, the first thing she saw was her beloved bathing in the twilight's light, instantly carving a smile on her lovely lips. "Good morning, Caius," mumbled Lara, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes while stretching one arm high above her head, arching her back in a long stretch like a child. Caius chuckled at the sight. Smoothing her hair back, Caius leaned down and whispered right above her nose, "It's 'Good evening, my beauty," and kissed her soft plump lips, sucking on her bottom ones before letting it go with a little 'pop'. "You had the time upside down again." "Really?" she sighed tiredly, snuggling further into his neck while breathing in the perfume that seemed to radiate from his skin. Oh, how she loved the smell of his skin; it was something that she can never put into words to describe it, and even if she did, the only word that could describe about the perfumed skin is that it smelled wonderfully addictive. Sure, the other vampires smelled nice too, but they smelled nothing like Caius. And his taste? Dear God, it was even sweeter than the smell of his skin. His sweet breath would spread over her face like a direct spray of the lightly concentrated perfume of his skin whenever he leaned in, which would drown all her will to fight or refuse his kisses and advances. And of course, his many advances to coax her into bed, where he would pleasure her thoroughly and made her scream his name, realizing only hours later how embarrassing it was. Then a loud hungry noise broke out from her stomach. Caius chuckled again, earning himself a light slap on the chest from the furiously flushing Lara. "I see that someone is starving." "Terribly," Lara replied with a shy smile, getting up from bed and pulling the bed sheets with her, coving her naked body as she made her way into the bathroom. Until a light pull on the long bed sheets trailing on the floor stopped her, effectively pulling her back to the bed and right into the arms of the vampire king. "I would love to have my meal too, my dear…" Caius voiced out huskily into her hair, feeling her blushing to the roots of her hair, smiling when the red finally reaches her ear. He loves making her fluster around. She looked so adorable when she blushes, and he loves nothing more than to tease her about it. Lifting his head from her hair, he came nose to nose with her and smiled as he brushed her nose with his, loving it even more when she would shyly look up at him through her lashes and smiled back awkwardly to him. It's a routine of his to brush his nose with hers, and he liked the effect it had on her. "But first, my darling," Caius whispered huskily hoarsely, feeling her shivering pleasantly against him when he ran his finger down her naked spine. "We shall have our long awaited bath. It's been a while since I've seen you…thoroughly wet…" He could just practically feel her reddened against him. Chuckling, Caius tilted his head a little to the side and presses his lips lightly on her supple warm lips. Lifting her up from the bed, he allowed the bed sheets to slide off her naked body and walked straight into the bathroom, the thoughts of pleasuring her in the baths sounded delightfully wonderful to him. Lara never knew that a vampire who is known throughout the vampire world as a cruel and sadistic leader of the Volturi royalty could be so sinfully seductive and generous in showering love to someone so insignificant like her. She feels so lucky to have him, of all the vampires she could own and love, and all the while, the simple thought that Caius loved her dearly could sent her into a small fit of giggles, attracting unwanted stares from the other vampires in the underground castle. She would willingly stand by his side as his guardian; guarding his unprotected back, his heart and his emotions. She is the key to calming him down, and she is the one and only person known to make him change his mind. She is his lover, she is his bride, and she is his wife. She is his La Tua Cantante, and she promised him that she will lead the life of an immortal with him so long death do not set them apart. A/N: Like it? Review and tell me about it. Flames are mildly acceptable (be nice on me) , but critics are welcomed! Let me know if I should proceed with a series about this story. ^_^ Completed on: 20 th March 2012