You know that, but what you didn't know was that I was married to Alice." Her breath hitched and jealousy overcame her but at least she didn't interrupt. "I thought we were happy. We were together for so many years. She brought me out of such a depression. She was everything I could have ever asked for. She brought me to the Cullens, and they helped me stay on the vegetarian diet." I closed my eyes, those blissful years with Alice running through my mind like a slideshow. "The family went hunting one day. Alice and Edward decided to stay home since the hunted earlier. I decided to come back early, to spend time with Alice. She was gradually pulling away from me, spending more and more time with the others, than with me. When I got there, I thought Emmett and Rosalie were home. I went looking for Alice and saw her giving Edward a blow job. They were both naked and the room smelled like sex. Imagine my surprise when Alice looks up and see me. She fucking winks! There was no guilt, nothing to say that she was sorry for anything." Bella's hand stopped running through my hair and she was perfectly still. I couldn't bear to look her in the eye. "The rest of the family came back. Edward and Alice came down the stairs, holding hands, not even pretending they did anything wrong. It shocked me when I realized that the rest of the family knew. There was no shock from any of them. They all knew my wife was having an affair and they never told me. I grew angrier and angrier and then I snapped. Everything I worked so hard for at that moment, snapped. I needed to get away. I needed to get away from the sorrow and guilt from the others. I was running through town when I came across a human. He was walking through the streets, drunk as shit. I didn't even care. I lunged at him and drank from him until he was dead. "They were disappointed in me when I came back. Alice didn't even pretend she was guilty for what happened. Eventually, they came to an agreement that it was best I leave. Me! They wanted me to leave. I officially lost my family. Emmett was sad to see me go but he offered nothing. He knew I didn't want to hear it. I felt betrayed. I shouted at them and left before I could cause any damage. I didn't want to ruin their prefect image." My tone turned bitter towards the end. When I heard sniffling, I sat up and looked at Bella. She was crying. "Bella?" I wiped her tears away with my thumbs and cupped her cheeks in my hand. "What's wrong, baby?" "I'm so sorry." She whispered. "You didn't deserve that." She buried her face in my chest, crying. I didn't bother trying to calm her down. I was in no position to calm anyone down. Besides, I don't think she'd appreciate it. "God, Jasper, why didn't you tell me sooner?" I looked down. "I was afraid you'd blame me as well." "Blame you for what?" She demanded. "Loving your wife? Losing control because you learned something that you were kept out of the loop?" Bella cupped my face in her hands and kissed all over my face. "You maintained your diet, even after your slip up. Yes, you had a couple of other slips but, Jasper; you don't realize how strong you truly are. You could easily have fallen back into your natural diet but you proved to them that you are not a weakling." She kissed my forehead. "You are loving." She kissed my cheek. "You are passionate." She kissed my other cheek. "You are a great father." She kissed my nose. "And you are the best husband I could have ever asked for." I pressed her lips against mine. I deepened the kiss, moaning into her mouth as she brought my hands up to her breasts. My hands grazed over her nipples. They hardened. I broke the kiss, allowing her to breathe as I sucked and nipped her beautiful tits through her shirt. "Jasper, make love to me." Bella whispered. I didn't need to be told twice. I pulled off her shirt until she was completely exposed to me. I leaned down, licking and sucking her nipple into my mouth while I palmed her other breast. Bella worked to rid me of my clothes. I could feel the frustration build when she couldn't. I chuckled and did it myself. Watching Bella, I slid slowly into her wet centre, moaning. "God, you're tight." I whispered, kissing her. She was so warm. I thrust into her slowly, picking up the pace as she begged for it. Before long, her walls tightened around my cock. I rubbed her clit, pushing her over the edge. She came hard, milking my cock. I came not much longer, collapsing on top of her. I flipped us over until she was lying on top of me, still connected. I pulled the quilt over us, so she wouldn't get cold from my body temperature. Bella snuggled into my arms, her eyes fluttering closed. "I love you, Jasper." I smiled and kissed her head. "I know darlin'. I love you too." She fell asleep soon after. I pulled out of her slowly and took her upstairs. It wouldn't be wise for the kids to come home and see us naked in the living room. I brushed her hair out of her face and kissed her head. Changing into a pair of sweats and a t-shirt, I grabbed my phone and with one last glance at my wife, I went to the kitchen. I already knew what I had to do. I dialled the number and waited. " Hello?" "I'll be there soon." A/N: Okay, so that's all. Detail will be explained in the next few chapters. Please Review.