and soft. Jacy began to dry out my long, wavy hair and brushed it through, and images of my mother came rushing in. I let out a shaking breath, trying to calm myself. She braided a part of my hair, letting the rest air dry. We walked back to the village area, and I saw lots of other people there just standing there watching me. I saw the mystery man watching me with wide eyes. I felt a bit self-conscious and lowered my gaze. Jacy took me into a different cabin and I saw the holy man, Old Quil, and another older man that I have not met yet. Old Quil took my hand and smiled. "The dressings suit you, my dear." I blushed. "This is the Chief. Bilagaana Black." The Chief took my hand. "It had just occurred to me that we do not know your name." "Aiyanna Hawke." "Aiyanna. Interesting. Do you know that Aiyanna means 'Eternal Blossom'?" "No, I didn't know that." "Well then, how about you tell me what you know from this legend, and we will try to fill in the rest." "Well, it was always my favorite story growing up. It told of an entire tribe being sent to this place where time is no element to them. They are basically frozen in time, never aging. There is a group of men amongst them, known as warriors and protectors. They fight against the evils of the cold ones, otherwise known as the Cullens. But there are others out there that try to get onto the Quileute land. The borders are constantly monitored and none of the cold ones dare to pass over the land. The Quileute people are sweet and kind, helpful to those who need it. The legends say that the Quileutes do not have a way out of Neverland because the only known entrance is guarded by the cold ones. There is a never-ending war going between the cold ones and the protectors of the Quileute tribe. I believe that's it. Am I missing anything?" I would take breaks in between every sentence, because the whole time I was speaking, Old Quil was translating for Chief Black. They exchanged words, and then turned to me. "That is very good. You know the story of how we came to be here. Do you know how long ago?" I shook my head. "I am 237 years old. But my body is only 58 years old." Um… WHAT? "Uh… Wow." He started laughing. "I guess that is a reasonable reaction." I began to laugh along with him when the door of the cabin busted open. I screamed and tried hiding myself when I saw a large figure standing in the room. Hot hands cupped my face, and I heard whispered words. I didn't understand them, but I knew they were ones of peace and security. I felt my body relaxing automatically to the touch. The words calmed my mind. My trembling stopped and my hands gripped onto the arms of whoever was making me feel so safe. Lifting my head, I looked into the eyes of the mystery man. His face was once again contorted into one of a deep hurt and concern. I backed out of his arms, ignoring the this weird feeling in my chest and the wounded look on his face, and turned to Old Quil. "This is Pallaton, meaning warrior. Believe me, the name suits him. He is the best warrior that we have in the tribe." "Pallaton." I said the name slowly, feeling the separate syllables form with my lips. It felt so right to say it, like I was meant to. He smiled at me, and I was in awe. His smile lit up his whole face, making him look less intimidating, more sweet. His smile made his features more pronounced. His teeth were straight and white, making it a more pleasant smile. I couldn't help but smile back at him, I was so happy to see a look other than the ones he was giving me before. Old Quil spoke up again, "Pallaton, Aiyanna." "Aiyanna." He swallowed deeply. I was in complete wonderment at his voice. It was deep, husky. Pallaton took the couple of steps to stand in front of me. He grabbed my hands and whispered to me, "Kwoh-lay-yoht." I looked at Old Quil, who said "He is telling you that he is Quileute." I looked back up at Pallaton, and whispered back "Sioux." Old Quil said something to Pallaton in Quileute. "I'm assuming that he doesn't know English?" Smiling, Old Quil shook his head. "No, I am afraid not. He is one of the stubborn young people that refused to take the time to learn." I smiled at the older man. Noticing that my hands were still encased in heat, I looked up at Pallaton to see that he never took his eyes off of me. "Now, would it be alright if I ask you how you came here to Neverland?" "It's quite a long story." "That's alright. We have an unlimited amount of time." "This is true." I sighed. "Alright. But, I must warn you that I don't necessarily know everything that happened. It's all fuzzy at times." "That is fine." Taking a deep breath, I sat down on the floor, noticing that Pallaton followed me down still holding my hands. I was ready to tell what I could remember. "Well, it was, I believe, a little over a week ago…" As I began my story, I could hear Old Quil translating to Chief Black and Pallaton. So, yeah. Like I said, this is just an idea for a story. I really suggest watching Neverland if you haven't yet. It's pretty amazing. So, please review and let me know about what you think! Should I continue, or just drop it? Lol I can just hear that voice in the old school video games, like Mortal Kombat or Killer Instinct "Continue?" Until next time ~Ariya-angels