under the cook's nose, and then riding thy father's favourite horse without his permission—it's a wonder thou did not get punished more." "And thou always saved me, standing in front of me and distracting my parents with thy sweet smile and innocent eyes, giving them thy word that I would not trouble them again." Edward smiled as he said this, but his heart was heavy. Bella had forgiven his mischiefs when they were children, but would she forgive him now? "I knew thy heart was good, and that is why I took thy part. Thou were ever ready to help the needy and the weak, and then thou trained to become a doctor. I know thy purpose is not to earn money but heal the sick—thou art a good man, Edward. I am thankful to God that He led thee to me that night. But how did thee find me in that great city?" Edward bowed his head and closed his eyes for a moment, knowing that he could not avoid answering her any longer. And the idea of lying to her did not even cross his mind. They were connected on a level that she would have known his lie instantly, even had he tried. "Bella," he began, attributing the butterflies in his stomach to the rocking motion of the coach on the uneven road. "I have done something very wrong. To pay back my father's dues, I have stolen a few times. I thought—I thought that the sooner I pay back thy uncle, the sooner we could get married. I cannot begin to tell you how ashamed of myself I am for that. When I entered thy house, it was with an intention to steal whatever trinkets the occupants might have left behind in their haste to flee the city." He looked up to see Bella staring at him with wide eyes and concluded without much hope, "I beg you to forgive me one last time. I will never do anything again that might displease thee." "Oh Edward," said Bella sadly, "it is not a matter of displeasing me, but doing what is right. Thou knowest full well stealing is a crime, even though thou didst it for me. Now I feel I am as guilty as thou art. If my uncle had not lied to thee—" Edward, who had been sitting across her, slipped from his seat so that he was on his knees in front of her. Holding her hands he looked at her, imploring her to understand. "Do not blame thyself, my sweet. Even if thy uncle lied to me, I was the one who committed the crime. Canst thou forgive me this once? Truly Bella, I canst not live without thee anymore." He hid his face in her lap, for he did not want her to see him cry. He heard a heavy exhale and then felt her fingers run gently through his hair. "Edward, pray look up." Of course he did, and she wiped his tears off. "I am sad thou resorted to thieving, not angry. And I canst not live without thee either. We will do only right from now on, all right? When God will see thy good deeds, He will forgive thee. Besides, I have a secret too that I have not shared with thee." "And what might that be, my Bella?" Edward asked curiously. "I know thou canst not have done any wrong." Bella sighed. "I do not even know if there is anything to share, yet I must tell thee this: Angela, my waiting-woman, reckons that I might be with child. She tried to inform mother Newton of this, but she did not believe it. She attributed my paleness and lack of appetite to grief over losing my husband." Edward blinked and swallowed as he tried to digest this extraordinary piece of news. Also, he wondered what it meant for them. Would Bella prefer to return to the Newton Manor if it turned out to be true? They certainly had more means to care for her, and if there was an heir—they would certainly try to lure her away from him and his relative poverty. Gulping down his fears, he asked her straight, hoping to get a straight answer. "Bella, if this turned to be true, wilt thou leave me? The Newtons will want their heir, and its mother, close to them. And they have so much more to give thee—" He was silenced by her astonished glare. "Edward! How canst thou even think that I will leave thee? Thou knowest how much I love thee—there, I have said the words, like a shameless woman—" Edward recovered from his own astonishment and beamed at her. "Thou art not shameless, but honest. I am sorry for doubting thee, my love." He sat beside her and embraced her warmly, and then their lips met softly for the first time in their life. The kiss conveyed love and longing, but also it brought to them a great sense of relief, for finally being close to each-other, and being sure of the other person's feelings. When they separated, both of them were wearing identical, grateful smiles. "Art thou sure thou wouldst not mind raising another man's child, if it happens so, Edward?" He shook his head. "I swear Bella, I will love the babe as much as any child of ours. And now I must ask thee—wilt thou marry me and make me the happiest of men? I canst not wait any more to begin a life with thee." Bella smiled wider, even though her eyes brimmed with tears. "Yes, yes, Edward! I want to be thine forever." "Forever," he promised, and leaned in for another kiss. End Note: I plan to add a couple of chapters here, but I want to know if I should drop the 'thee' and 'thou' language will still be old-fashioned, but it will be easier to write and read, to my belief. What do you think?