he sees is her… And when she closes her eyes and bites her lips when he touches her neck and her collarbone, as if to suppress a moan from coming out from her beautiful throat, he – too – bites his own lips. To contain his own pleasure of moan… When she opens her eyes, he looked deep into them, and knew. He just knew that he will make sure that she survives this massacre… "This will not be a pleasant feeling," Caius said, drawing her nearer by pulling onto her neck and pushing the rest of her hair to her back. "Close your eyes, and think about me…" The last sight that she sees is his eyes – his blood red eyes. They were bright and shining, luring her into a temporary lull as she admires his beautiful features and eyes. He leans into her face, breathing softly onto her, his breath fanned out like perfume to her, making her close her eyes. They were so close to kissing, just another small movement and their lips would have connected. Caius closes his eyes and held on. The passion would have to wait… It would have to wait… She is still human… he thought to himself, suppressing his own needs of surprised passion. He knew she would not have survived were he to kiss her. The need to have her is too much to bear, and he knew, just one tempting kiss would have sent her to her grave. He would have become a monster after the kiss… And so, Caius turns his head sideways and leans right into the crook of her neck. Lara's hand digs into Caius's granite-hard wrist as he bites down onto her neck, a strange sucking feeling felt right after he bites onto her neck, breaking the delicate and sensitive skin there and drawing blood. Massive amount of blood... She felt him sucking hard onto her neck, not letting one single drop of blood slip out from his mouth. Supposedly she is to feel pain, or some form of fear to this man who is to be the reason why she would die soon. He would be the death of her, and she – as the victim – is supposed to fear him. And why does she not fear him then? And instead, why is she feeling this… this… Caius's arm wrapped around her waist and pulls her to him tightly, while the hand holding onto her neck gently strokes her neck in a sort of soothing rhythm, as if he is massaging her neck. Lara understood it immediately that he meant to make the blood flow into his mouth in a quicker flow. She felt the passion brewing within her. The heat begun to pool deep inside her belly as he touches her and held her so intimately close to him... they couldn't have gotten closer enough, seeing as Caius kept on drawing her closer and closer, almost crushing her small body to his. He groans at the unique and sweet taste of her blood, so unlike anything he had ever partaken in his entire life as an immortal Vampire. He heard her breathing by the side of his ear, and that sound ignites a desire deep within him as he had done to her. In other words, he wants her. Not just her blood or her life, or her touches or the sound of her voice when he touches her. He wants her all. All. All of her. All. Of. Her. And then it struck him. The sudden thought regarding why her blood taste so unique and different as compared to the other humans and blood he has ever drunk in his lifetime as a Vampire. There is this strange unique taste in her blood that when he drank them deep and sucked hard on the open wound in her neck that he had made with his razor sharp teeth, it suddenly dawn on him that in his lifetime, he had never had a more delicious blood meal before. He had never had such a feeling in him that grew more the more he drank her blood. The longer he sucks on her neck where the blood is flowing into his mouth, the more the thought that he wants no other blood meal other than this unique taste of blood dawns onto him. Her fingers delved into his hair and gripped onto his head as he slowly started to slow down on his sucking her blood. Her other hand – which is gripping onto his strong forearm – made his desire for her soar as she gripped onto it, causing him to groan out a response against her neck. Strange feelings arises from within him, pooling deep in his belly and making a certain organ of his swell up in response to their close proximity and her scent. Oh, her scent, her lovely lily-like scent that's so heady and exquisite at the same time. It made him want to bask in her scent forever. Forever… And that thought made him stop. For the first time in his eternal life, Caius did not kill his victim. He removes his mouth from her neck, and licked his lips. Wiping the blood off his mouth with the back of his hand, Caius lifted his head up from her neck and takes a deep breath as he brushes his cheek with hers. Then came nose to nose and face to face with her… Eyes half lidded with her mouth open in a small round 'O', Lara stares at the snow-haired vampire through her blurry gaze, the blood loss getting to her head as she struggles a little to stay awake in his arms. He held her; safe against him, as he stares into her eyes steadily, all traces of cruelty and evil gone from his eyes. Leaving only the gaze of a man seeing the sun for the first time… Written On: 18 th of Jan 2015