of us simply eat all the time, so we never run out of energy...do you have a gift?" "Why should I tell you?" Even with us not running, we were still going rather fast if compared to a human. About the speed of a professional athlete. Nothing too hard. "Idunno, cuse I saved your life?" "I've lived far too long to be swayed by notions of honor or favors. Try again." "Oooo. Mysterious. How old are you?" "Again, why should I tell you anything? And we're here." Scooping up my large green cylinder I called 'supplies' I turned to face the perplexed face of Alice. What was it now? "Why do you carry around books and maps? Are you that young? Do you not remember anything?!" She looked more exited at the prospect of me not knowing who I was. It seemed that they didn't trust my take on diets, so they still thought I was a youngster. Oh, how wrong they were. "I assure you, I'm not young, and I remember just about everything from my human life." "Awwwww." I could literally see her deflate. I was almost saddened myself. Almost. "So you don't know anything then?" "Nope. Only that I come from Mississippi. And that I woke up alone, my creator nowhere to be found. Where's yours?" "Dead." No harm in telling that one. "Oh...I'm sorry." "No need, I'll be going human hunting soon. I know you and your coven are animal drinkers only, but I ask you understand and tolerate my own feeding habits." "But...but you kill people." I could see the sadness in her eyes as she spoke to me, those carmel orbs boring into me and revealing my very soul to the world. However, I wouldn't be swayed. Besides, I didn't always kill my prey. "Not all the time, but yes, I normally do. Listen, since I know it makes you guys uncomfortable I'll refrain from killing anybody. Sound like a deal?" Life coming back into her face, Alice excitedly bounced on the balls of her feet and nodded eagerly. But she didn't move. Dammit. She was going to follow me. I had hoped she'd be dumb enough to allow me to hunt in peace. Guess not. Not all vampires are smart, some are idiotic hicks. "I assume your going to watch then?" "I don't want to but...kinda have to." "Forks or Seattle?" "I'd prefer Seattle. We have other things here." That didn't even make sense, but oh well. Getting into my jog, which was the speed of about 30 MPH, I began the rather short trek to Seattle, which would be my hunting ground for the foreseeable future. "Why are you so tired? Do you not drink enough?" "No, I've always had low stamina compared to other vampires. You should't be so surprised, theres always minor variations in each vampires physical ability. I just happen to have a negative." "I guess that makes sense. I've never really gotten to know many vampires outside of my family." "Is that what you call it?"" "Yes, you have a problem with that?" Her normally cheery tone took on a steely edge. Sensitive subject I see. "No, more perplexed than anything. Do you truly function like a family?" It wasn't unheard of, but it was certainly rare for vampires to truly coexist like humans. I've always wanted to study the psychology of those covens; perhaps I could here? The rest of our trip was spent with her detailing many family stoories. It wasn't dull, but I could have gone for something more stimulating. I'll take what I can get. Hunting without killing is, technically, against the laws. Not explicitly, but the few times I did, I did it out of experimentation. Mainly to see if it was indeed possible to restrict venom flow during feeding. Turns out it was. I also wanted to test the psyche oh humans, to see if they would accept what happened to them. But that was back in the old days, days without globalization or running water. Entering the city limits, conversation stopped and I opened up my senses to the world around me. Hunting was one of my favorite experiences, I could almost feel the world rotate under me and smell everything that moved. Hyperbole of course, but it's truly euphoric for me. Running through the alleyways, I came upon what appeared to be a homeless gathering of sorts. Barrel on fire, rugged looked humans surrounding it, alcohol thrown about. It was textbook perfection for someone like me. There were five of them, more than enough to refill me without draining one of them. My eyes dark as night, I wasted no time in using my super speed to knock them all out. The drugged up fools didn't know what hit them. Picking up the limp body of the first, I pulled aside his heavy coat and sank my teeth into his shoulder. Sweet, sweet blood filled my mouth and I greedily drank it. The taste of blood...it was comparable to the finest of wines back in the 1300s, when the ingredients were pure and aged to perfection. Without the alcohol taste of course. Feeling the mans heart start to wain, I just dropped him onto the ground and moved onto the next, and the next, and the next. All that running and pathetic resistance I called fighting had really worn me down. And I had kept my word, all still lived. For now. They would die of exposer to the cold and possible complications due to massive blood loss. I didn't kill them. In my haste I hadn't noticed Alice off to the side, watching the display with morbid fascination. Don't tell me they didn't know about venom repression. "How can you bite them without turning them?" I gave a sigh and shook my head. This was going to be a long, long stay with the Cullens. That's chapter one. Tell me what you guys think. Reviews are more than welcome.