face' as I hitch one leg around his waist. A throaty growl resonates in his chest, and in one swift motion, he grabs my ass, grinding himself against me. Oh dear Lord , he's huge. I can't hide the look of shock that crosses my face. "I promised I would be gentle with ya, darlin. And I'm a man of my word." He catches my bottom lip, pulling it between his before sucking and kissing his way down my neck. His teeth occasionally graze my flesh, causing me to gasp. It's not from fear now—no, that's been replaced by need . He worships each inch of my flesh while grinding his hips into me. Every kiss and tease seems like heaven and hell wrapped in one. He captures my nipple with his mouth, and I nearly come right then and there. A moan escapes me, and suddenly, he's gone. I open my eyes in shock, almost dropping to the floor. There before me is a God. My eyes take in every inch of him greedily. I lick my lips in anticipation. In that split second, he has completely disrobed. Under the florescent light, I can see silvery marks all over his flesh, little crescent shapes repeat over and over on the skin of his arms and chest. He is breathtakingly beautiful. He stalks toward me stopping a foot away, a devilish smirk playing at the corners of his mouth. In my half crouch, I can't help but stare at his massive cock as it stands at attention. It's just as beautiful as the rest of him; pale white and hard as a rock , I think with a smile. It twitches then, and my eyes flicker to his to see his eyebrows twitch too. If that isn't a come-hither look, then I don't know what is. And like the good little girl that I am, I obey. Rising from my crouch I take a step toward him. Now, it's his turn to fall into a crouch at my feet. He runs one hand down my body, sending quivers of anticipation throughout. His hand continues over my belly and down my inner thigh, touching everywhere except where I want to be touched the most. "I have to make sure yer ready for me." "I'm ready." I reply, my voice shaking with want. His finger dips inside me then and I feel my knees buckle. I brace myself against the metal shelving. "Not quite, but close." He breathes huskily. His eyes lock with mine as he bent towards me, flicking his tongue over my sensitive nub while his fingers continue to dip inside me. "Oh, dear God." I moan. He increases his pace, flicking and sucking with his tongue before adding another finger, and then another. I can feel the warmth spreading through my body. He straightens up from his crouch, his fingers continuing their work. He withdraws them abruptly, roughly grabs my hips, and pushes his cock into me to the hilt. I cry out with an exquisite mixture of pleasure and pain, tightening my grip on the shelves while wrapping my legs around his waist. He grinds into me without restraint, pumping himself in and out at an unnatural speed. Letting go of the shelves, I wrap my arms around his back and dig my nails into his shoulders, knowing full and well I'll leave no marks. I have to bury my head into the crook of his neck to avoid the screams that protest in my chest. I can feel my body pulsating, each and every muscle clenching with my approaching release. My mouth seeks his, urgent. I need him, all of him. He growls into my mouth, bucking his hips wildly as we both reach our climax together. Reluctantly, I unwind myself from him. I feel like I'm coming down from the clouds as my feet touch the cold floor. It's back to reality now. I'm naked, drenched in my own sweat and standing in front of the most beautiful creature I have ever seen. He pulls his clothes from a nearby shelf, all neatly folded into a pile, and begins to put his clothes back on. I frown, jutting my bottom lip out in a pout. "Aw, don't look at me like that. We both have to get back to work." He chides while buckling his belt, and an impossible smirk graces his face. "I need another shower." I muter to myself, reluctantly getting a new uniform from the shelf behind me. "I'd like to join you fer that. When'd you get off?" When you're inside me . "At nine." "Me too." He smiles. "The name's Peter by the way." Oh shit, I just realize I screwed a guy without even knowing his name, in the supply closet … in the children's wing of the hospital. "I'm Bella." I mumble timidly while fidgeting with the strap of my smock. In a split second, he's right in front of me, a cool finger under my chin lifting my face to his. He plants the chastest of kisses lightly on my lips. "So how does a vampire end up as a Janitor?" Leave it to me to completely ruin a tender moment. He chuckles. "Carlisle suggested I take the position. My brother, Jasper, is his adopted son. Jasper, well he's helpin' me through a tough time right now. I knew I'd need somethin' to keep me busy, and I also needed to prove my self-control to the good doctor." He bends his head to mine, whispering in my ear. "He thinks I can't control my … urges ." He pulls away, laughing. "He's right on one count at least. You were jus' too temptin'. I guess I'm a sucker for a girl in uniform." I can't help but point out the obvious. "Um, I was naked when you first saw me." "Details." He gives me one last devastating smile before walking out the door … leaving me completely speechless.