had listened to the loud speaker announcement. They all had worried looks on their faces and were all nervous about what would happen next. Even the people who very much disliked Lyra were there because they didn't want people thinking that they didn't care because otherwise their reputations would be ruined. Everyone stood there, still, statue like. All of their eyes boreing into the scene. Rain started to fall slowly on everyones heads, but they didn't seem to notice. If you probably waved your hands infront of their faces, they probably still wouldn't budge. The rain fell more heavily, pour down onto everyone and completely drenching them in ice cold water. The weather chilled a bit more and a few people started to shiver The paramedics loaded her into the back of the ambulance and slammed the doors shut. They hopped in the front and sped off to the hospital. Music played heavily in the background, the paramedics were listening to 80's heavy metal, their favorite song from when they were young. The rain had picked up a lot and you could faintly see bits of hail starting to form. It took a while to get there. They drove past paddocks with horses in them, fields with wildflowers that Lyra had passed this morning. But they also had to drive slowly because of the rain, they didn't want another incident to happen. The main road was long and made out of deep black asphalt. They entered the town of Willowdale with uninterested looks on their faces. Willowdale was a small and shabby town with a population of 20,000 people. Though there was many people the town square was only small with only seven shops and one petite city hall. Nobody really ventured into the town unless they had to. Otherwise this place would go unnoticed until something big happened like a fire or an accident. Yet it still was not known out of the state of Washington which had a population of 7.2 million people. ~o0o~ Eventually the ambulance reached a white building which was the hospital. It was large, with two floors, many carparks and a big sign with red letters that said Willowdale public hospital. The paramedics drove into the dark car park reserved for staff only. They jumped out of the van opened the two double doors at the back and loaded her out of the ambulance. They walked over to the elevator and pressed the button, as they waited some weird music started playing, it was the eerie music they played at reception desks. The elevator made a paramedic pressed the button that led them straight to the emergency room on the second level. The elevator slowly went up the two floors. The elevator made a scraping sound as it ascended up. The two paramedics were whispering quietly amongst themselves. They also very worried about what would happen. They didn't want someone dying on them. The elevator dinged as it finally reached the top floor. The paramedics carefully step out and moved out of the way so some other people could go into the elevator. They moved through the pristine white hallway. The stretcher rolled against the snow colored linolieum tiles. They passed many other rooms with sick or seriously injured patients. They all had miniscule rooms that were very enclosed. There weren't even windows. Once they got Lyra into her room, they called in a doctor to operate on her. He was blonde, young and had tan skin. His name was Blake, he was twenty-four years old. Blake had a white doctors coat on and a stethoscope draped around his neck. He walked over to Lyra and started the procedures to get her breathing again. After a while her breaths were normal, but still very uneven. "We'll have to keep an eye on her for a while, I would like to keep her here for a while longer." Blake said to the receptionist in his velvet smooth voice. She nodded her head as she wrote it down on her file. She walked over to Lyra's tiny room and placed it on the side table next to her bed. Lyra twitched slightly and moved her head. She was well rested, she hadn't slept this well in a while. Since she had been put in the hospital nobody had come to visit her yet, but she had basically slept the whole time. The door was pushed open by a helpful nurse who gave Lyra a tray of food that consisted of a Nutella sandwich cut in half, a bunch of barbeque flavoured chips, a bowl of pumpkin soup and a glass of mineral water. She helped sit Lyra up and pushed the food onto her breakfast in bed table. She downed it unatrually fast as this was the first food she had eaten in a while. There was a sharp knock on the door. "Come in" Lyra croaked. Her sister, Elise strode in and stood near her bed. She was upset. The look on her face was hurtful to look at. She knew that her sister would be the only family member to vist her as her father was probably to drunk and her mother was somewhere on the otherside of the country. "Are you okay, Lyra?" Elise asked anxiously, holding her sister in her arms. "I'm fine." She quantified. Elise had spent the entire time wondering how it happened. Because she was perfectly fine the other day, before she was put into the hospital. They chatted for a while more, talked about school and family and then Elise asked the question. "So, do you know how this was caused?" Elise piquied. Lyra hesitated and then something triggered in her mind, it was one word. "Vampire." She said. Hello, thanks for reading the first chapter in my story. It would be much appreciated if you could review, follow and favorite. Happy holidays, Merry Christmas, Happy Hannukah, Happy Kwananzaa! I will be updating soon. Ariana :) :) :)