We will figure something out, I promise. Just give me some time." I began to blabber my apologies, asking him to forgive me again and again. He stared at me, completely confused. "What are you—why are you saying sorry to me, baby?" "IheardthemtodayEdward," I gasped, then realized how garbled it had come out. I took a deep breath and then another, and repeated myself, slowly this time. "I heard them today—when I went to their place to tell Rosalie—" I suddenly remembered the CD in my bag and looked around. "I must have left it on the chair…" "What, baby?" Edward asked in a soothing tone. I probably sounded crazy to him. "Just a sec…" I rushed to the living room and flicked on the light. There it was, on the chair I had stumbled against. I fished out the CD and waved it in the air. Edward had followed me, questions written on his face. "There were mistakes in the Kyle Pharma account—well I thought they were mistakes—so I checked the whole year and the year before that, and then other accounts as well. They are being fudged, Edward. I—oh God—I thought I would let Rosalie know that I was loyal to her, so I went to her place. The Newtons were there, Edward, and two other couples. They were all having—sex, but not with their partners, and Jessica was going down on Rosalie." I looked up to see his eyes widen with shock. "They were talking about us, about how we will be trapped in their lifestyle and have to—join them eventually." My mouth had gone dry and it was difficult to push the words out. Edward's face was a picture of horror. "Emmett said he would blackmail you until you gave in—you know, with the prescriptions you would write for his friends—and Rosalie—she boasted that she would get us addicted as well. We would do anything to get the drugs then— anything at all . Their words were so degrading—they made my skin crawl!" Edward sank down on the sofa, his head in his hands for a long moment and his eyes closed. I guessed he was trying to prevent himself from berating me for trusting the McCartys blindly. Finally he looked at me. "What did they say about you?" I gaped at the unexpected question. I was expecting more of an 'I-told-you-so' statement than anger over the McCartys' opinion of me. "I don't—it doesn't matter. Nothing complimentary obviously." I laughed weakly. He raised an eyebrow. "Bella." His tone made it clear that he wanted an answer. I sighed and sat down as well. "Well, Rosalie assured Emmett you will break down soon as she had made sure I was after you to do so. She said she will somehow get me addicted to 'those little pills', so I would be more or less a slave to her. Including getting her off, I suppose. She said she will corrupt me completely. And the strangest thing was—she admitted she was jealous of me while at school because I had so much freedom." I shook my head in disbelief. "And here I was, burning with envy because I thought she had everything in life! How very stupid of me!" Edward nodded slowly. "Perhaps it was, but Bella—you are still a much, much better human being than she is. You made a the mistake of being dazzled by wealth—" I moved to him and sat on my knees in front of him, supporting myself on his thighs. He pulled me closer and his hands went to my back, comforting me. "Edward, lots of people are dazzled by wealth. My stupidity was trying to get that life without working for it. But it's more than stupidity—I forgot the distinction between right and wrong. What's more, I tried to get you to do the same." My eyes burned with tears again. "I can never forgive myself for that." "I forgive you." I blinked at him. "How can you? I was horrible to you!" "Because you wanted a better life for us—" "But I did it all wrong! You don't do that to people you love, even if you think it is better for them. I made you suffer—" He stopped my babbling by kissing me passionately. My lips, my eyes, my neck—all were showered with kisses until they felt like tiny points generating heat. All my guilt and disgust was burnt away as his lips told me that whatever I might have done, he still loved me—a miracle. "I have missed you so much," I whispered. His arms tightened painfully. Without any more words, we walked to the bedroom—our bedroom—shed our clothes, and got lost in each-other. And found ourselves again. -/-/- Both of us resigned from MSC the next day, citing 'personal reasons'. The next day we moved to Forks, having packed our clothes and personal effects. Since the apartment had come furnished, we didn't have to bother about anything else. Carlisle and Esme were delighted to see us. So was my father. My mother pouted in disappointment that I had come back to waste my life in 'stupid Forks'. I didn't even bother to answer her. We sent the CD I had to a prominent news channel, with information on what was going on at MSC. It wouldn't have been enough for a trial, especially because we had not given our names, but it turned out that the hospital was already under suspicion. A major investigation was conducted, resulting in a number of convictions. The night before the final judgment, Rosalie Hale-McCarty was found dead in her bed. The police stated she had overdosed herself on a combination of drugs. End Note: I guess I could have made it darker, but I didn't want to torture Edward any more. Please let me know your thoughts. Would you have preferred Bella to be caught in the lifestyle? Do you think she deserved Edward's forgiveness? Whatever it is, do write a line!