sat my other big brother who pulled me into one of his big bear bone crushing hugs. "Bells! I missed you, I didn't want to leave I promise I tried to talk him out of it!" I smiled at that I had missed my brothers Jasper cut him off "Is it safe? Emmet suddenly turned serious "I think Laurent is keeping his promise when he said you have a four hour head start no one's been following you Bells. I don't think he expected you to call in backup" I was so relieved to hear that Emmet climbed out the car winking at me "see you in a bit Bells" as he made his way back over to the tree line. I looked back over to Jasper "I'm guessing you want to drive?" he smiled at that then got out the car and walked round as I shuffled across onto the passenger seat. Jaspers driving was even faster than I remembered, I could tell Jasper was having a conversation with Emmet from the low murmur that was coming out his lips that was too fast for me to understand. I didn't want to sleep though I knew I would have nightmares so I stayed awake, watching for glimpses of Emmet in the tree line after ten minutes of not seeing him I decided to break the silence. "Is Emmet alright?" I asked Jasper he seemed surprised by my question I clarified "I haven't seen him in the tree line for a while" Jasper smiled at that "you were always to observant you know that? And so is the family in the blur car just behind us the kids were doing exactly the same thing you were, so he's dropped back further into the tree line slightly" "cool" I replied with that conversation dead, I decided to open the box at my feet and had another look at my passport. Jasper glanced over "Do you like it?" he asked "I had it made before I even knew your name." "Why?" I asked in return. "Because Alice said you would be a very important family member someday, and I always protect my family, it's my job to get all the fake documents sorted whenever we move town." Absorbing that information "Is that who Jenks is? The person who fakes all the documents" I was no curious. "Yes, that's Jenks thought you might need him if we were too far away or whatever. He would do anything you asked if you mentioned my name" He looked slightly mischievous "Do you pay that well?" it must be the money. "It's not just the money that makes Jenks create the documents for me with no questions asked, you've only ever experienced one side of my gift." It was only when he said that, that I realised I was way to calm for the situation I'm in "Hey I didn't even notice you had done that" I pouted "I must be out of practise usually I can tell". This made Jasper chuckle but he never lifted that artificial calm feeling I was now aware of. "Anyway I find humans that I work in this way respond best to fear, Jenks will never know why but he has always been and will always be absolutely terrified of me." I was just about to reply when Jaspers phone went off he immediately answered, he spoke in a series of low murmurs before he flipped his phone shut and answered my unasked question. "Alice is closing in on Edward, she estimates that they will be here by tomorrow evening, and we are currently ten minutes away" Jasper didn't let me react to that news emotionally he kept my emotions subdued with an even stronger dose of artificial calm, but that didn't stop my thoughts running wild even through what Jasper and Emmet said that he still loved me that he never stopped I was slightly nervous to see him again the man that broke my heart that made me crippled with anxiety and depression, even though my heart yearned to see him again to feel whole again I don't think I would survive if after this threat was dealt with he decided once again that I would be safer without him. I felt Jasper turn up the notch on his gift now going passed calm and into drowsy. "Jasper" I called quietly "I don't want to go to sleep" he gave me a dubious look but let up a little still keeping the calm there for which I was grateful but I now felt more alert and awake. Jasper shifted in his seat as he turned off the main road and onto a similar looking driveway to that in Forks, it was slightly shorter and we pulled up to a more rustic red brick house, that was still huge. On the porch of this house stood Esme. She looked as if she had been crying, or the closest she could get to. She stayed on the porch I think slightly afraid I would hate her, but all it took was one look from me and she was over in a flash pulling me into a hug sobbing apologies that they should never have left. Jasper remained by our side and a few seconds later was joined by Emmet who was just returning his pone to his pocket. Jasper looked around cautiously "maybe its best if we move inside the house, I'm sure Bella is freezing out here." He sounded like he said the last bit as an afterthought. Esme hurried me inside and offered me every type of drink you could possibly by in a supermarket non-alcoholic of course. Jasper and Emmet then got in to a very detailed conversation about battle plans but after the first two sentences I tuned out falling asleep with my head on Esme's lap and my feet resting on Emmet finally feeling comfy and safe in the presence of well half my family.