nerve." His hands ran over my folds and his thumbs teased me clit again. Desire pulled again in my gut and my own hands found my breasts as I began to tease my own nipples and rock against him. "This is going to be painful, Isabella. I will have to break the hymen with several thrusts and then my semen will prevent it from reattaching," Carlisle explained. "I can do it after it's broken," I heard Edward's husky voice. "Let my venom seal the breach, please," he asked. He seemed to appear from no where, but that explained why I could smell him. I guess he didn't think I betrayed him if he was standing here waiting to finish this necessary task. "I think that is a wonderful idea, Carlisle," Esme agreed. "Sort of sweet and then you can finish on me." "Perfect," Carlisle said sounding very pleased indeed. He never stopped his foreplay and I was so ready to have something inside of me I just groaned. "Hurry," I panted. "Please!" I begged. The sound of screeching metal accompanied the pain that ripped through my body as Carlisle slammed his rock hard dick deep within me. He wasn't kidding-it hurt. The degree to which all my senses had been heightened was also applied to pain. I was glad they showed me what an orgasm could feel like because this pain was almost unbearable. The power and speed of his motion gave my body no possibility for resistance and the barrier reluctantly but abruptly gave way. I screamed trying to release the pain through my mouth but it didn't help and it only seemed to upset Edward immensely. The look on his face stifled my need to vocalize my pain as I didn't want to add to his. "Just a few more, Isabella, and then we're through. I promise," Carlisle grunted. "Fuck you're tight. Esme, get ready, please!" I looked at Edward as Carlisle slammed into me two more times; each time the screeching lessened as well as the pain. Edward was completely naked stroking himself, doubling Carlisle's speed. I bit my lip as the pain was finally replaced by pleasure and the sight of Edward stroking himself excited me even more. I released my lip from my teeth and opened my mouth. "Edward…" his name spilled out with lust and desire and all of a sudden I didn't want Carlisle on top of me or in me anymore. Carlisle pulled out of me without a word and disappeared from my view. And suddenly Edward was there with me, filling my senses with his scent, taste, and sound. "Edward," I breathed and my sigh was devoured by his kiss as his penetration filled me with his love and not just his lust and another orgasm began to stir in my belly. "You aren't angry with me for…I…" I didn't know how to tell him that what Carlisle did felt so good. His rhythm picked up a bit and became more demanding. "Oh, Bella-love," I loved how he made that all one word. "Let us finish this so you can heal properly and then I will explain it all. Your emotions were boosted to feel that. Just concentrate on this…on us right now." He leaned in the kiss me again and then leaned back on his heels to get more leverage. His thrusts became more insistent and his thumb found my clit. My panting increased and I realized that my moans were joined by those of Esme's, though theirs were some distance away. "Baby, play with your nipples, again. That was hot," Edward whispered at me and his thrusts increased in both speed and intensity. I did as he instructed and the pressure that was building that urgent knot suddenly released its energy and I screamed my pleasure again. Edward pounded into me a few more times and there was an explosion of liquid inside me that seemed to sooth the burn that had taken a backseat to the pleasure. Edward pulled out of me, but inserted his fingers. I felt a painful, but short tug and the soothing feeling again. His venom was healing me just like he had turned me into this glorious creature. I lay shuddering in the aftermath of our orgasms as he kissed his way back up my body and wrapped himself around me. "That was so worth it," I murmured. "I'm so sorry this had to happen this way," he whispered into my ear. "I couldn't have caused you that kind of pain after watching you burn for three days. I'm so sorry." He peppered my neck with kisses and his hands stroked my breasts tickling just a little causing me to giggle. "Carlisle is a doctor and I knew that he and Esme would handle it in the most professional way." I flipped around to face him. "Why was I so attracted to him? Someone mentioned your brother…Jasper. What did he mean I'd tear Carlisle apart if he backed off? Does he have a gift like you?" I asked. Edward smiled and nodded. Our legs entwined like we'd been doing this for decades. "Jasper can influence mood and he had a difficult time over riding your loyalty. Which I must say made me very happy since I can't read your thoughts. Carlisle and Esme saw it as a duty to help me be happy." His hand found slid down the curve of my back and cupped my ass. "I make you happy?" I asked him knowing the answer as soon as I looked into the depths of his golden eyes. "Let me show you how happy you make me." And before I knew it, I was in his arms headed towards his bedroom where I soon discovered the largest bed I had ever seen. Thanks to my beta for all her work and suggestions. She's my friend from down under. :) You should check out MarinaNamaste's little lemon called Hotblooded Need. It's pretty awesome!