toward me. There's no doubt about it. "Yikes," Brittany says, crunching into her apple. "What do you think happened to him?" My lips part to speak but no words come out. I have nothing to say, no explanation. He is walking stiffly, his hands are clenching into tight fists and his back is ramrod straight. Maybe it's not me , I think to myself. Just as he is about to enter a Biology classroom, he sends one more hateful glare at me. Brittany walks into chemistry to save me a seat just as she had before, and I follow her in to attend the class, which goes by quickly. "You're Isabella Swan, right? Jess introduced us during lunch, I think." Brittany has already left to attend her physics class, and I was standing in the hall outside the biology classroom. I look up to see a cute, baby-faced boy, his pale blond hair carefully gelled up into orderly spikes, smiling at me in a friendly way. He obviously didn't hate me for no reason like Edward did. "Bella," I correct him, with a smile. "I'm Mike." he grins at me. "Hi, Mike." "Do you need any help finding your next class?" "I'm headed to the gym, actually. I think I can find it." "That's my next class, too." he seems thrilled, tough I'm sure it's not that big a coincidence in a school this small. Edwards quickly strides by in the same stiff manner as he had before, but he looks at me strangely this time instead. Mike turns to see what I'm looking at, and he frowns. "So, did you stab Edward Cullen with a pencil or what? I've never seen him act like that." I cringe. I am not the only one who had noticed. And, apparently , that wasn't Edward's normal behavior. I can feel my eyes beginning to water. For some reason, my temper is hardwired to my tear ducts. I usually cry when I'm angry, a humiliating tendency. "Is that who he was?" I swallow weakly, deciding to play dumb. "Yeah, he looked like he was in pain or something all through bio. But he's a weird guy," Mike replies. "I don't know what's wrong with him," I say honestly. "I've never talked to him." Mike must have noticed my distress, for he changes the conversation. He's a chatterer - he supplies most of the conversation on the way to the gym, which makes it easier for me. He'd lived in California until he was ten, so he knows how I feel about the sun. He is the nicest person I've met all day. But my thoughts linger on Edward. What did I do to him? I'm not stupid, but maybe I was too ugly for his eyes? Did I smell bad? Have I said something? "Anyways, if I was lucky enough to sit by you, I'm sure I would've found something better to talk about than shopping." Mike laughs, and I do too at his jab at Jessica during trig. I smile at him before walking into the locker rooms. He is friendly and clearly admiring. But it isn't enough to ease my irritation. Coach Clapp finds me a spare uniform, but he doesn't make me dress down for today's class. I watch four volleyball games running simultaneously. I have been manager for the volleyball team before, so I am used to sitting aside and watching, but I am dreading actually playing it next class. The final bell rings as last, and I slowly walk back to the front office to return my paperwork. The rain had stopped, but the wind was colder, stronger. I wrap my arms tighter around myself. When I enter the office, I almost turn around and walk right back out. Edward Cullen is standing at the desk in front of me; I recognize his tousled bronze hair. I pressed my back against the wall, waiting for the receptionist to be free. He was persuading her in low, attractive choice to be switched out of biology and into - AP Chemistry? My jaw drops a little. Does he know that I'm in that class? How could he possibly catch up anyway - I'm certain he would fail if he transferred halfway through the semester. Also, it's a class filled with seniors. Who would choose to be in a class with strangers and a girl they despise? To my horror, the receptionist is easily convinced. "Well, as long as you can catch up with the curriculum, I don't see why not. That class has plenty of space." The door opens again, and the cold wind suddenly gusts through the room, rustling papers on the desk, swirling my hair around my face. The girl who comes in places a note on the desk and walks back out. But Edward Cullen's back stiffens, and he slowly turns around to stare at me, his expression stoic and unreadable. He turns back to the receptionist, who is in the midst of rearranging his schedule, and says, "Thank you so much for your help, but I must be going." And he turns around on his heel without looking at me again and departs. I meekly go to the desk, my face white instead of red for once, and hand the receptionist the signed slip. "How did your first day go, dear?" she asks maternally. I take a deep breath. "It's going to be a tough year for me." End Chapter One: Welcome to Forks Thanks for reading the first chapter! Just a quick note, Rosalie and Emmett are seniors and Alice, Jasper, and Edward are supposed to be juniors. Also, just know that I don't like having too many OCs, so Brittany and the teachers will probably be the only ones. I'm definitely going to expand on the humans, so you'll be seeing more of Jess, Lauren, Tyler, Eric, and Mike for sure! Please let me know all your thoughts! I love constructive criticism. Please REVIEW!