the ideas it had created. This is going to be embarrassing. "I don't know. When I came into the living room, you seemed so distant. I've learned in the past that usually means something bad is coming." I rub my forehead, cringing at the thoughts my mind had conjured earlier. "You're so . . . you. You're beyond gorgeous and smart and well-established . . . Edward, you've taken your life and made something amazing out of it. I sort of feel like a wayward teenager by comparison. You can have any woman on earth, and I guess I don't understand why you would want—" "Stop right there. Don't even think about finishing that sentence." Edward drops to his knees in front of me, his hands on my thighs. "Bella, look at me." I feel so stupid . Taking a deep breath, I rip my attention away from my knotted fingers to look into his fathomless gaze, astonished anew at how incredibly handsome he is. I don't think I'll ever become immune to the sight of him. "I really, really like you." "I really like you, too," I whisper. "You're my girl now, okay?" My mouth quirks into a half-smile at his words. "I am?" Edward reaches up to smooth a finger over the dimple on my left cheek. "Yes. I honestly don't think I could go on like this much longer. I'm driving everyone in my life bat-shit crazy. And I certainly can't go another two weeks without seeing you again. I like the idea of us being together a lot more than twice a month." I can't help the daft smile that spreads across my face. "Together sounds nice." Edward leaps onto the bed, knocking me flat on my back, and together, we ring in 2015 all over again. OOOOOOOOOOOOOO Forty-four days later It's Valentine's Day, and for once, I'm not celebrating alone. My usual dates, Ben and Jerry, will just have to sit this one out. I'm currently waiting for Edward to get home so we can meet Mike and Jess for dinner at Canlis. We've become quite the foursome in the past month and a half. In fact, the bromance Mike and Edward now share is one for the ages. He may have teased Mike about his comic book obsession before, but it turns out Edward has a soft spot for anything Marvel, himself. Once they bonded over X-Men, Edward's inner geek blossomed, and they've been fan-girling together ever since. In the beginning, Edward and I both agreed, despite our strong feelings, we should try to take things slow. Slow never worked for us, though. We spent nearly the entire first month together in bed, and every single time felt more powerful than the last. Our sex life continues to blow my mind, but our relationship is far from being purely physical. Edward is like an open book. He's not afraid to tell me anything, and he's always eager to share his thoughts. And he's the best listener. When I talk, he pays attention; he cares; he wants to hear everything I have to say. He wants to know what I think about everything from the country's deficit to whatever book I happen to be reading. Sharing everything about myself and my life took some getting used to, but now, I can't imagine not having him as a sounding board to my every thought and idea. He's added so much depth to my life, and I know he feels the same about me. I never have to question his love for me. Speaking of, the first time Edward actually told me he loved me was at Emmett's Super Bowl party. He let me pick the team he put money on—the underdog—and when he won, earning himself a pretty penny from Emmett, Mike, and their gang of goons, he picked me up and swung me around, shouting his love for me. I looked at him, eyes wide because he may have just committed a major faux pas, but he didn't skip a beat. Right there, in front of all his friends, on the biggest bro-night of the whole year, Edward said it again. And again. He said he'd been dying to tell me, that it was bound to burst out of him at any given moment anyway. He was only sorry he didn't have the opportunity to make it more romantic. I told him it didn't matter. He's such a romantic anyway; every day and every night we're together is like a chapter from a Jane Austen novel. Cue the gagging noises from our testosterone-filled audience. Okay, it's not all perfect, and not every day is hearts and flowers. We've had a lot of firsts in our six weeks together, including our first fight, our first break-up, and our first make-up. We're two fiery souls with strong opinions who are bound to butt heads, and often, but we're much better at the making-up part. There's never any fear that the fights we have will last more than a few hours. Neither of us can bear to be apart from the other any longer than that. So that's Edward and I. There isn't one single thing I would change about our lives together, not even the carnal—okay, downright slutty—manner in which we first met. It may not be a beginning we can share with our future grandchildren, but it's our beginning, and as far as we both can see, there's no end in sight. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Hello again! I hope everyone liked the follow up to A Holiday Liaison! Looks like these two have quite a future together, yeah? I'd like to thank both Alice's White Rabbit and Sunflower Fran for betaing this monster during the craziest time of year. Love you ladies! You never know when I'll be back with something new, so feel free to follow me on twitter ( ashesashes83) for all the latest news. Until next time, kids! Have a great New Year! XOXO, AshesAshes