you're just way too fucking adorable to pull off the right kind of indignity." "Oh, yeah? Watch this," I say, turning on my heel and marching toward the ballroom with my fists balled in what I hope is fury. Edward is laughing behind me, and it takes everything I have to keep a straight face. Once in the room, I stand in front of the Christmas tree with crossed arms. "Michael Andrew Newton, get your sorry ass out from behind that tree right now," I yell, making sure everyone in the room can hear me. This isgoing to be so great. About ten seconds pass before Mike steps out from the tree, shame written all over his face. Jessica is behind him, nearly vibrating with embarrassment at the crowd I've drawn, and Mike holds his hands up. "Bella, where have you been? I've been looking everywhere for you." "Oh, gosh, Mike, I'm so sorry I worried you. For your information, asshole, I was in the bathroom throwing up all night." "Really?" Mike asks, breaking from character with real concern. I cock my head to the side, and he quickly remembers himself, glancing at Jessica. "I swear, baby, this isn't what it looks like." "Don't baby me. How could you do this to me?" I say and pause to fight the tears that aren't coming. "Do you think you're invisible? That no one can see you through the fucking window? I saw the whole thing; you had your tongue shoved down that whore's throat." "Hey!" Jessica says, affronted. "Shut up, whore." I walk up to Mike, smacking his face and grabbing his tie. He's more than surprised by my performance, but I'm having way too much fun to stop. "Look at you; you're covered in lipstick." "What's going on in here?" Edward approaches us, and I turn to him. "Your date was making out with myboyfriend; that's what's going on in here," I say dramatically, and Edward looks at Jessica with raised eyebrows. She has no recourse and looks at her feet in shame. "Wow, I'm sorry to hear that," he says, shoving his hands in his pockets. "I guess that's my cue to leave, then. Sorry it didn't work out." Edward glances at each of us, and his eyes linger on me just a little longer as he backs out of the fabricated situation and leaves the ballroom. Fuck, I didn't even get his number. Mike looks at me again, his eyes begging me to tone it down. "Bella, I don't know what to say. I guess I've liked Jessica for a while now, and you're all the way across the country ... I'm sorry." I shake my head with perfect indignity and wipe the tears that, again, don't exist. "Don't be sorry. I should've seen this coming. You're just ... too much of a man for me, Michael." I look to Jessica, who meets my eyes with total fear, not knowing what I'll do next. "Be good to him, Jessica. Don't let him get away like I did," I say and bury my face in my hands, running from the ballroom, wailing like a lunatic. Once I'm out the door and around the corner, I double over and burst into laughter. I listen as the party slowly picks back up and laugh once more. Finally composing myself, I straighten up and fix my hair with a sigh. I wonder if the front desk will call me a cab, but before I can go find out, slow applause from behind startles me, and I spin around to see Edward. "I retract my earlier comment; that was some show. I caught the whole thing; well done. And making him look like a stud to all his buddies, instead of a piece of shit ... nice touch." I'm smiling like an idiot, still in shock at the sight of him. "You're still here. I thought you left." "How could I leave if I didn't get your number?" Grabbing my hands, Edward pulls me to him. "Besides, it looks like you could use a ride." Once again, I'm swept away in his sea of gray, and my thoughts turn to mush. "I was going to call a cab." "Not anymore." Edward scans my face and it seems he's lost in space right along with me. After a short moment, he blinks and releases a slow breath. "I don't even know your last name." "Swan," I murmur. "Bella Swan ... I couldn't have put it better myself," he says, ghosting his fingers along the side of my face. "Well, Bella Swan, I'm Edward Cullen. It would be an honor to drive you home." I smile and hold onto the hand that's now caressing my cheek. "That would be lovely." Edward's smile is like the sun, and he weaves his fingers through mine as he leads me from the Edgewater Hotel. This day will live on in infamy. Even if I never see Edward Cullen again after tonight, a part of me has changed forever. The night is a part of my history now, and I can only wonder if we will someday be able to call it our history. Chapter End Notes: Thanks for reading, guys! I hope you liked it. Bella and Edward are definitely on Santa's naughty list this year, yeah? Leave me a review and let me know what you think! **My WIP, The Space Between, is currently on hiatus. If anyone is curious, I have been going through major RL stuff, including my first surgery as an adult. Now that it's almost behind me, I'll be able to start working on it again soon. Thanks for your patience! By the way, I made the banner for this story; although, I can't take credit for the amazing manip of Bella. I found it when doing a random search on Google. Whoever you are, I'd love to give you credit. Thank you for your superb talent! See you next time, everyone! A