Sue before heading off to bed. Sue was a lenient mother, so she allowed Jacob and Alicia to spend the night around the house on a few occasions. Did she know what they were truly up to in the wee hours of the night? Probably not in Seth's case, but you couldn't really put much past Jacob and Leah. Seth devoured Alicia's lips, slipping his hand under her uniformed top. It fit tight against her body, so his fingers barely had enough room to roam around. She felt him struggling, so she took the liberty of ripping the shirt over her head. She brought his lips back down to her own, slipping her fingers through his slick hair. He let out a pleasure filled grunt and reached up to fondle her breasts. She showed him how to remove a bra, so he didn't waste any time in ripping it off of her. She gasped lightly as he began trailing kisses down her neck. She pressed her lips to his forehead, running her fingers over the soft skin on his back. He had to admit that he was pretty muscular, so she was enjoying it just as much as he was. He kissed her quickly before lowering himself to her creamy stomach; she had a belly button piercing that mesmerized him. He placed long, slow kisses over her stomach before dropping down lower. He tugged her skirt down, pulling it from around her ankles. She had on some black, laced panties that were begging to be removed. She looked down at him, a look of pure yearn in her angelic eyes. He kissed her inner thigh before yanking the garment from her body. He was so hypnotized by her wonderful body that he couldn't think straight. He trailed his tongue along her center, listening as she let out soft, quiet moans; she couldn't be too loud or Sue would hear them. He had done this a few times before, and he felt that he was getting quite good at it. After making her body tremble with gratification, he slid his way back to her face. She gave him a flushed smile, kissing him slowly. She reached her hands down, running her fingers along his crotch through his sweatpants. A strangled groan escaped his lips, vibrating into the kiss. He kicked his sweats off of his legs, breaking the kiss to tug his boxers down as well. He was ready for what was to come. He brought his lips back to hers as she spread her legs apart even farther. He blindly felt around for the condom that he had set on the bedside dresser, grabbing hold of it. He allowed the heated kiss to last for a few more minutes before their bodies began to protest from the lack of movement. He stared down at her, pecking her forehead. "Are you ready?" he whispered, watching her eyes closely. She nodded quickly, placing a kiss to his shoulder. "Yes," she breathed, her hips jerking up in response. Seth ripped the condom open, much like Jacob showed him, and eased it onto his length. "Okay," he panted, angling it at her center. "I love you." "I love you too," she moaned as he slowly eased into her. She let out a muffled cry, digging her nails into his waist. He winced from the pressure, but moaned at the tremendous feeling that he was currently experiencing. She was so warm. And tight. She began to breathe heavily, squirming beneath him; her hold on him grew greater and greater as the seconds passed. She threw her head back, taking a deep lungful of air; she was trying to get used to being stretched this way. Seth tilted his head back to look at her face, frowning from the amount of pain that was written all over it. Seth was a bit large, and since she was a virgin, it was probably a bit much for her. Alicia opened her eyes, and Seth noticed the unshed tears that were pooling her vision. He kissed her cheek, swallowing nervously. "We don't have to do this, Alicia," he pleaded, even though his body was telling him otherwise. She shook her head quickly, smiling through her tears. "No," she said, pressing her lips against his briefly. "I wanna do this." He watched as she closed her eyes again, moving her hips against his once. She let out a shaky moan, tilting her head back even more. He couldn't tell whether it was from pain or pleasure, so he stayed still. She took a few more minutes to get comfortable before opening her eyes. She looked much calmer than she did before. "Okay," she let out, a smile on her face. "You can start moving." He swore on his life that he had never felt anything better than that. … A month later After that night, Seth and Alicia couldn't get enough of each other. It wasn't the sex that they were addicted to, even though it was tremendous; it was the fact that they were with each other in such an intimate way. They were doing well with condoms, until the actual night of Alicia's birthday. They were in her room, kissing, sucking and feeling all over each other's bodies before the realization dawned on them; they didn't have a condom. "Um," she breathed, her body aching for him to be buried deep inside of her. "I've heard that if you pull out before, you know, everything will be okay." "Are you sure?" he asked, even though that was good enough for him. "Yeah," she told him, running her fingers along his chest. She didn't have to argue her case any further after that. Talk about the best sex ever . Well, until Alicia began missing periods, and complaining of a stomachache. Talk about worst judgment ever. Author's Note: What'd you guys think of the first chapter? Enjoying Seth and Alicia's relationship? (: let me know in your reviews!