scrubbing. It glanced off the counter and clattered noisily to the floor. It didn't break, but it spattered the room, and all three of us, Charlie didn't even notice. "Bella?" he asked in a stunned voice, it was just tickets for airplane how everybody started to act like someone died? Bella kept my eyes on the plate and I retrieved it. "Yeah, they did." Charlie swallowed loudly, and then his eyes narrowed as he turned back to Edward. "No, she never mentioned it." "Hmm," Edward murmured. "Was there a reason you brought it up?" Charlie asked in a hard voice. Edward shrugged. "They're about to expire. I think it might hurt Esme's feelings if Bella doesn't use her gift. Not that she'd say anything." I stared at Edward in disbelief. Charlie thought for a minute. "It's probably a good idea for you to visit your mom, Bella. She'd love that. I'm surprised you didn't say anything about this, though." "I forgot," Bella admitted. He frowned. "You forgot that someone gave you plane tickets?" "They gave one for me too in case anyone is thinking," I murmured vaguely. "I noticed that you said they're about to expire, Edward," Charlie went on. "How many tickets did your parents give Bella?" "Just one for her... and one for me." The plate Bella dropped landed in the sink, so it didn't make as much noise. I could easily hear the sharp huff as my father exhaled. The blood rushed into my face, fueled by irritation and chagrin. Something was going to happen here and Edward is making Bella go far from here. "That's out of the question!" Charlie was abruptly in a rage, shouting the words. "Why?" Edward asked, his voice saturated with innocent surprise. "You just said it was a good idea for her to see her mother." Charlie ignored him. "You're not going anywhere with him, young lady!" he yelled. I spun around and he was jabbing a finger at me. Anger pulsed through Bella, it was probably instinctive reaction to his tone Bella could be scary like me she just need the right emotion to do it. "i have a ticket too dad I will go with then and will even sleep with Bella if that better for you" "i still don't like this." "Charlie Swan, stop acting more immature than Bella" "i will let her if you go with her and him ." "I need to remind you that we both are legal adults? i will do what I said, don't need to worry" Charlie seemed to let this go, but he changed his opinion. "This is my house — you follow my rules! And I don't want you to go there" My glare turned icy. "If that's how you want it. Do you want me to move out tonight? Or can I have a few days to pack?" Charlie's face turned bright red. Bella took a deep breath and tried to make my tone more reasonable. "I'll do my time without complaining when I've done something wrong, Dad, but I'm not going to put up with your prejudices." He sputtered, but managed nothing coherent. "Now, I know that you know that I have every right to see Mom for the weekend. You can't honestly tell me you'd object to the plan if I was going with Alice or Angela." Bella said calming herself. "Girls," he grunted, with a nod. "Would it bother you if I took Jacob?" Edward's teeth clenched together with an audible snap when he heard the name. My father struggled to compose himself before he answered. "Yes," he said in an unconvincing voice. "That would bother me." "You're a rotten liar, Dad." I said to him "Max —" "It's not like I'm headed off to Vegas to be a showgirl or anything. We are going to see Mom ," I reminded him. "She's just as much my parental authority as you are." Bella said. Dad then threw Bella a withering look. "Are you implying something about Mom's ability to look after me?" Charlie flinched at the threat implicit in my question and I had to contain a laugh. "You'd better hope I don't mention this to her, you too Max I see that you are laughing" Bella said, making me stop immediately. "You'd better not," he warned. "I'm not happy about this, Bella." "There's no reason for you to be upset." He rolled his eyes, and we all I could tell the storm was over. Bella turned to pull the plug out of the sink. "So my homework is done, the dinner is done, the dishes are done, and I'm not grounded. I'm going out. I'll be back before ten-thirty." "Where are you going?" His face, almost back to normal, flushed light red again. "I'm not sure," she admitted. "I'll keep it within a ten-mile radius, though. Okay?" then she and Edward went somewhere. Some time passed and I heard Edward car go somewhere, Charlie grunted. "don't worry dad, like I said I will be there they won't do anything, and you should trust Edward a little" i said. "you saw what he done to Bella remember she waking up screaming everyday, you slept with her everyday just to calm her, how I will trust him?" he said. "he only left because he thought he was being a bad influence on Bella life, you saw how they are like a planet and his moon, now good night and those emotions and talk left me tired" I said yawning "and you have to know by now they are serious it would take the apocalypse to separate then." I went to my room after a good dose of shower, I took my time to go to sleep but when I went it came quick, and I had a dream one that made me wake up, me and Alice kissing, after waking I tried to sleep again and this time was a dreamless sleep just the type I like.