can't fight her. You'll lose." I said quietly, looking up at Jake. "Don't worry, as much as I'd like to fight her and rip that bloodsucking head of hers off, any time we get even close enough for a fight she bolts. She's trying to get to Forks...we don't know what she wants but whatever it is we manage to run her off before she gets close enough." Jake smiled. "I know what she wants." I breathed. Everything was silent, I swear most of them even stopped breathing. Then the silence was shattered. "Well are you going to spit it out or what?" Paul muttered. And all my dreams are on the ground Crawling around somebody save me "Me." I glared at him. "Victoria wants me." Everyone was staring at me but I couldn't form any more words. I hated feeling so scared, so useless. Everyone was shocked and for a second I could have sworn Paul even looked scared himself. "Do you know why?" Sam asked me. "Yeah Bella did you turn into such a leech lover that you pissed off a few females for-" Paul started but my fear was gone now, now I was just angry. "Will you just shut the hell up about things you know nothing about!" I screamed at him. Then his nostrils flared and fist clenched at his sides and in a heartbeat Jake stood between us. Paul seemed to calm himself then and stepped back in front of me, and Jake let him! Was he crazy? "Sorry." Paul mumbled, looking like it killed him to say it. "Would you like to explain?" "It's a long story." I replied. "Jared, Embry!" Sam called. "Go to Bella's house and keep a lookout, if Charlie comes home we don't want him to have any unwanted visitors. Jake go find Leah and guard the perimeter round the res. If Bella's what she wants we've got an advantage." Jake looked desperate not to leave me but he did. He just gave me a look that said sorry before disappearing out of the door. "You were saying?" Sam said, looking at me expectantly and taking a seat at the table. "Charlie's in danger because of me?" I asked, more to myself than to anyone else. "Oh God...I really am a danger magnet." I feel the waves crash down inside And they pull me under "Focus Bella. Why does she want you?" Sam asked. "Do you remember last year...when I had my accident?" I asked them. "When the strange wild animal attacks started?" They nodded at last. "Right well, I was in a clearing with the...with them. We were playing baseball and must have caught their attention. Three of them; James, Laurent and Victoria, James was a tracker...he made it a game to hunt me down and so we fled to Phoenix. Anyway, Ed-Edward had to kill James and Victoria was his mate. Mate for mate Laurent said...she won't stop..." "But you're not his mate anymore." Paul fumed in a frustrated voice. "I don't think that'll bother her much..." Sam sighed. I couldn't hold it in anymore, I tried I really tried because Jake wasn't here. Jake was the only person who I wanted right now. I didn't even want Edward. I had been so stupid, I had gone diving into a dangerous world and now it wasn't just me that may have to deal with the consequences. A sob escaped my lips and then the tears came. And two warm hands break right through me Somebody save me "Ah damn." Paul muttered, and then I was pulled against his solid frame. It was surprising how comforting it was being in his arms, even if it was Paul holding me. He practically hated me, we always brushed each other up the wrong way but right now I was clinging to him like he was my lifeline. "Come on Bells we'll get her for you." "He's right, we know what she wants now. We can lure her to where we want her and take her out away from anyone that might get hurt." Sam agreed. "Want to help?" Paul asked me, I glanced up and his smirk was almost evil. "You know you do. Help us, you could play bait. Got to be better than staying here waiting." He was right. She had had enough of being protected and coddled; she didn't want to stay here while they risked their lives for her, not if she could help. It took Paul's twisted view on things to allow her to do that. "Yes." I croaked out. "Alright, but Bella when we do this, if you're there you have to follow the orders we give you exactly got it? It's not a game. You'll be a great help but if you don't do as I say you'll very quickly be more of a hindrance than a help." "Of course." I nodded, stepping back from Paul awkwardly. "I'll go call the boys." Paul said, turning quickly away from me. "and Leah." I watched him leave and then continued to stare at the door. No matter how much we hated each other and no matter how much we seemed to get into fights...the worrying thing was that he seemed to get me more than anyone. There's no way Jake would ever let me do something so reckless and Edward definitely wouldn't have. I don't care how you do it Just save me... Author's Notes: Well That's the first chapter, pretty much just introducing where the story is starting from really so it does follow New Moon quite a lot at the beginning but I hope you were able to bear with me through that and will come back for the next chapter. This is a repost to try to fix the italics for the lyrics but it really doesn't want to play ball so if it hasn't worked I'm sorry I swear on my word document the lyrics are italic and the story normal.