with another adult in the picture, they all backed off. Paperwork stacked as high as my hip sat on the coffee table in the living room for weeks after that point, which I helped my father go through as we both signed what was necessary to get out of this place. Every single night grew worse; I could barely sleep, and whenever I did manage to catch some shut eye my dreams would tease me and place me back in time where my mother was still with me and teaching me how to cook, or dance, or sing. It was hellish. Still, I denied any therapy services my father tried to push on me. The month of March passed at a tortuously slow rate, and a flight was booked for April the 17th. Before I knew it there were movers in the house taking all of the furniture day by day; I had been clear that I only wanted to take a couple things back to Forks, Washington. One of those things was a small box full of my mother's precious things, including necklaces and small gifts she had received from our family. I knew she would have wanted to keep them, so I made sure to pack them as well as my clothing. "They'll sell the house, and the money will remain with me until you're old enough to take it," My father explained as we watched the truck drive down the street with the majority of our house in it. He had briefly spoken to me about a will, but I hadn't wanted to read it quite yet. "You're sure you didn't want anything else?" I shook my head. In the next day I made sure that I had packed everything I could and officially dropped out of my public school, asking for my transcript so that I could apply to attend the school on the Quileute reserve upon my arrival at La Push. Clothing and whatever special objects I could think of were crammed into my suitcase that I had recently purchased, courtesy of my father who knew that I wouldn't be able to fit all that I wanted to bring in my smaller bag. We were getting on the plane tomorrow. I couldn't think, couldn't breathe, as I locked my mother's house for the final time and was carted away from it. I couldn't react as we cleared check-in and left our bags with the kind ladies who bode us a safe flight. I made it through security with equally unforgiving emotions stuck inside of me, unable to process the fact that I was actually leaving Vancouver. It made sense because this was no longer my home and this province no longer brought me happiness, but it still tore my heart in two to leave Canada. I had always loved Canada. "We'll come visit," My father assured, but I wasn't so sure that that was going to be the case. What was there to visit? I appreciated everything my dad had done for me; he had been my rock this whole month and had shown no sign of letting up. He was ever so organized and strong that I was surprised to admit that the loneliness I had felt had been greatly diminished by the end of his visit. I still felt like half of my family was missing, because to be quite frank it was, but it was more bearable with my father to cling to. I needed him, and he needed me. We were a team now; there was no going back. The plane ride was long and tedious despite it only being two hours, with myself being unable to sleep at all which was rather upsetting since we had left at eight in the morning. I still couldn't eat properly; I had lost at least fifteen pounds since mid-March and was afraid that I was breaching twenty. I felt weak and foolish, but I couldn't bring myself to place some cardboard tasting meal in my mouth. I got through the last several minutes of the journey by sleeping, thankful that when I woke up all I could hear was the Pilot notifying everyone on board that we had begun our descent into Forks, Washington. We were landing in the city's airport in Clallum county, and would then take a taxi to the reserve. My father had been absent from his duties for a month and a half now, having taken leave until he had sorted his 'family business' out. I still wasn't sure if my tribe was expecting me back. I could clearly remember all of the kids faces, as my excellent memory had served me well over the years. Sam, Paul, Jacob, Jared and Embry's faces all passed through my mind first before I briefly thought of all of the other children I had been acquainted with prior to my moving away. They wouldn't be kids anymore, and I hoped that they remembered me. The last thing I wanted was to go back to a home where I would have to re-introduce myself to old friends. "I told Billy about you a week or two ago," My father admitted when we finally clambered into a cab and began our voyage away from the airport. "wanted you to be properly welcomed." "Oh..." I made a face, hoping that a 'proper welcome' did not include a meet and greet of a bunch of people all at the same time. "Dad, I -" "It'll just be him, Tehya," My father sensed my anxiousness and placed his large hand on mine, locking me in with his forest green eyes. "I know this is hard. I know." I inhaled shakily, gazing back out of the cab window where the familiar land of Forks, Washington stared back at me. At least I had begun to feel something . A/N: If you liked the first chapter, feel free to leave me a review! I will be updating fairly regularly.