of excited for shower sex I'm also excited I have my Rosie back and I plan to keep her. "Yes, mi 'lady." I state as I pick her naked form up from the bed and then make my way to the hotel bathroom with her in my arms. I set her on the counter, on top of a towel so she's not cold, and start the water. It comes out flushing with power, "shower or bath?" I ask moving to stand between her knees and placing my hands on her thighs. "Shower, I think I'd fall asleep in the tub." I nod my head and take a few steps back before bowing before her and saying "your shower is ready mi 'lady" she giggles and hops down from the counter and into the shower. I stand there admiring her for a minute or two before she holds out her hand and pulls me in with her gently. Her hair's already wet so it clings in ringlets to her body I smile and grab the tiny bottle of hotel shampoo, squeeze it into my hand and then lather it in her hair, massaging her scalp as I go. When she's all rinsed I soap up her body and she does the same to me lingering on my chest. I flex my pecs at her and she laughs and slops soap on my face. Thus starting the soap war. Once we're done fighting with soap, and have ourselves all rinsed off we get out and I dry Rose off and tell her she can wear my shirt to bed. She gives me a kiss on my cheek and walks out of the bathroom, I finish drying myself off and make way to my boxers. I find them on the floor in front of the bed and put them on, Rose has already crawled under the covers and is watching me tiredly. "You ready to sleep, babe?" I ask her crawling on the bed. She nods her head, "Will you turn on the T.V.?" she asks. I make it seem like a big deal huffing and puffing as I reach from the bed to the table where the T.V. is and grab the remote. As I make my way back to Rosalie she makes some remark about 'big babies' that I choose not to acknowledge. "What shall we watch my darling'?" I ask plopping down next to her and throwing my arm around her shoulders. "See what movies are on…" she mumbles moving closer to me, sniffing. "Did you just smell me?" She shrugs her shoulders and I call her a weirdo. She sticks her tongue out at me and says "You smell good, for once." Ouch. I feign hurt and roll over her to the other side of the bed so she's closet to the T.V. and I'm closest to her. I keep flipping through the menu and stop on The Spectacular Now. "Ever seen this?" she shakes her head against me and I turn it on. As the movie starts Rosalie turns around facing me and snuggles up to me. I wanna say something smart like ' weren't you the one who wanted to watch the movie?' but instead I just flip the light switch next to the bed off and pull the covers over us, pulling Rosalie into me. "Goodnight sweetheart, I love you" I tell her placing a kiss to her forehead. She tells me she loves me too before sleep lulls her in. When we wake up we both realize that it's time to get back to the real world. "Where do Charlotte and Rachel think you are?" I ask as I'm handing Rosalie her pants. Her face pouts just a bit as she starts to pull on her leggings. "I told them I was going over to Alice's, she's covering for me until noon." I looked over at the clock and saw it was 11:15. "Guess I should be getting you home then." I told her slipping my shirt on. "It's not my home." She's quick to retaliate. I should've been more careful with my wording. "You're right. I'm sorry babe, I know it's not. Your home is with me. Always." She nods her head and rubs her hands across her face. "Can I keep your sweater?" I nod my head to let her know that it's okay and when we're all dressed and ready to go I take her hand and lead her out of the hotel stopping for checkout where I make Rose let me pay and then by the complimentary breakfast bar for some grub and hot chocolate. I pull up to the corner of her street and give her hand a squeeze, she hasn't let go of mine since we got settled in the car. I glance at the clock and see we still have a little time together. I pull her gloved hand up to my lips and kiss it. "Will you call me tonight?" She asks. And with that little insecurity sweeping back into her head I know that I have to do all in my power to keep her happy. "Of course, you know I love talking to you before I go to sleep." She nods her head "I love you Emmett, thank you." She moves to open her door but I reach over and close it before she gets out. "wha-?" She looks at me confused. "I…" I want to tell her that I need to know she'll be okay but I don't want those thoughts to start setting in "I want a kiss" I tell her and pucker my lips, she laughs but puts her hand on my cheek and gives me a kiss that I interpret as she'll be alright. "I love you, I'll call you at 9 sharp." I smile as she gives me a smile and says "I'll be waiting," Then she gets out and walks down the block to her house and I'm alone.