five beats. I'd done it. I'd found the "one". She was right there, looking extremely pissed. She had pixie cut red hair, and looked statuesque, like Rosalie. She was very tall and had the same dark gold eyes as the rest of them, even the dark bags. She was beautiful; more so then Rosalie, or even Alice. Her pale arms were crossed and she held something in her hands. She had a fingerless fishnet glove on her left hand that went to her wrist and was a deep blue color. She was wearing a dark purple halter top and dark blue skinny jeans, with violet-colored flats. She was beyond mad. Why? Because in her hands, she held...a charm of a black bear? "DID YOU THINK THIS WAS FUNNY!? I STILL HAVE NIGHTMARES BECAUSE OF THIS SHIT! I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU!" She had stomped over to his table, fuming. It was then, in the silence waiting for Edward's answer, that Jessica finished her sentence feebly. "Anastasia Cullen..." Hearing her name in the silence of the cafeteria, the girl spun around. Her eyes landed on our table, and her gaze flickered from Jessica, to Bella, and finally landed on me. It may have been my imagination, but I thought that the anger disappeared for a second, before it was back, as was her gaze on Edward. "And for all of you who are curious...WE ARE NOT DATING!" With that, Anastasia dragged Edward out of the room, and even I could see he looked pretty scared. "Umm...So, which one's are the Cullen's? They don't look related..." Bella tried to continue her conversation with Jessica as I sat dumbfounded. What the god damn hell just happened!? I was like that all of lunch, and even when Bella dragged me to Biology II. When we entered the classroom, I was dragged back to reality by the back of someone's head - someone I could never forget. Someone who was currently chatting happily with Edward, as if the whole lunchroom fiasco had never happened. Suddenly I could walk on my own again as I strode confidently to the teachers desk, Bella behind me. She seemed embarrassed about something. There was one empty desk with two seats so I headed towards it once I had given the teacher my slip to sign. Mr. Banner called me back. "Anastasia, please move to the seat in the free desk. Isabella, you sit next to Edward. Kaylin, you can sit next to Anastasia." I felt very lucky. I could tell I was going to get my heart broken by this girl. She smiled at me as I sat down, before refocusing on the teacher. I felt my heart melt. Through my haze of happiness, I noticed something. Her eyes seemed to be a different color, almost appearing to be coal black under the light. I continued to gaze at her the entire time, and she didn't seem to be offended. When she caught my stare, she smiled bemusedly with one eyebrow raised. In her eyes shone amusement and dare I say it, happiness? But at what? She was difficult to figure out, cool. Gimme a challenge to work with. Suddenly the bell was ringing and she was grabbing Edward by the shoulder and dragging him out the door. I drifted towards gym behind Bella and some guy named Mike. These boys were getting too friendly with my sister. I grabbed her shoulder and steered her towards the locker room. The coach - I'd already forgotten his name - sat us down on the side and gave us uniforms, but didn't tell us to put them on. I watched the game of volleyball with excitement stirring in my gut. It was the only sport I could stand, and just so happened to be Bella's mortal enemy. She looked green as she stared at the game, and I put a comforting arm around her shoulder. And then gym was over, and we were heading back to the office to give in our slips. It was cold out, not that I felt it, as Bella hurried towards the warm building, me in tow. As the door whooshed open, Bella seemed to shrink into me, and as I looked up, I saw why. Edward Cullen stood at the front desk, having an argument with the receptionist. I couldn't hear anything, only the pounding of blood in my ears. This was someone who inspired fear in my little sister. This was someone who annoyed the crap out of me, with his pompous attitude and smug smirk. And unfortunately...this was someone who meant a lot to the girl I had a crush on. Oh, joy. The door whooshed open behind us and suddenly, Edward's back stiffened as he turned to glare at the two of us. I glared right back, my arm around Bella's shoulder, until he turned back to the receptionist. "Never mind, then. I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." And he was gone, striding confidently through the doors without sparing us another glance. I glared at his back when I heard the sighs of a group of girls who were in front of the office. Bella was handing in her slip, so I decided to follow, my anger boiling inside of me. "How did your first day go, dearies?" The receptionist seemed nice enough. "Fine," Bella replied weakly as I shrugged. We took our leave as we headed back to the truck. I wanted to say something to break the silence, but knew Bella needed some time. When we got in the car, Bella shrunk in on herself, hugging her knees to her chest. My anger dissipated as I watched my friend. "Bella, you know -" She held her hand up and hid her face in her knees. When she turned on the car, I saw her eyes watering. I tried to say something more, but she shook her head. We rode back to Charlie's in silence.