with himself he conjures every time he looks at the scar. Although I am less than grateful for the shred of fabric Rose has picked out for me to wear as a dress, I'm incredibly indebted for the jewelry. This, more than anything else, will ensure that we actually get a first date tonight. After another unsure glance at the length of the dress, I pull myself away from the mirror. No one there will know that I'm any different than any of them, that I have scars to hide. Tonight I don't have to be the Alice that everyone knows and tiptoes around, I can be the Alice that the kids at school will never see, the one who can just be on a date, enjoying herself. I will not let my mind ruin this for me. I, Alice Brandon Cullen, am going out on a date. Me, a date! I never would have believed it a few short months ago. Not only am I going on a date, I'm going on a date with Jasper, an incredibly nice looking man who really cares about me and I really care about too. I don't have to be who I've been, careful and afraid. I can choose to be different, normal, happy, at least for a few hours. When I'm tempted to turn back to the mirror one more time, I quickly turn it around to face the wall. I look good, if I do say so myself, and I'm not going to worry about it one more second. I sit down on the bed, and busy myself carefully winding the intricate leaf-like straps of the deep green high heels around my ankle and calf the way Rosalie showed me. The task completed, I lay back on my bed to wait for Jasper to finish whatever it is he's been doing and come get me. It shouldn't be long, he said he'd pick me up at six, and it's nearly five fifty now. I close my eyes and try to picture him dressed up for such an occasion as this. I can't, really, but everything I picture him in he looks pretty good. I remember when Cynthia and I would talk about the sort of men we would court when we finally grew old enough to take suitors. We had it all figured out in our sage preschool years. We catalogued hair and eye color, height and build. We wrote out their lines in our minds and made lists of acceptable names. We were so young then. I wonder if Cynthia ever married, if she found a man with a name on that list, if she ended up having the number of children she'd decided on and named them from the lists we made so long ago. Jasper certainly wouldn't have fit well in the company of my imagined princes, but I was six, what did I know about how to find a hero? After years, decades, even a whole lifetime, I'm finally figuring out what I should have been looking for all along. I may not have known at six, or even sixty, but now I'm beginning to catch on. If I could go back and make that list now, it would look a lot different. It would describe someone a lot closer to Jasper than the tall dark and handsome cardboard cutout named Mark, Paul or Jonathan. Nothing is as black and white as it was when I was younger; something about being in the sort of situations that most people only read about in the papers changes everything. I've learned over the years that fairy tales only look perfect from the outside. Real life, real happiness, is harder, less predictable, more harsh and gritty and so much sweeter because of it. The best times can't be explained to an outside observer, the times that literally take your breath away and make even the most eloquent stumble for words. When he walked into the café, when I finally gathered the courage to wait somewhere until he came, that was one of those moments. Although there have been so many others in between, last night, when he finally gathered the nerve to ask me, was another. Somehow, however tonight goes, I know that it'll be another one of those times. I hear the steps, coming upstairs. It's time. He's coming for me. He may not be the prince I thought I wanted as a child; he isn't my favorite six crayons and the thick, dark, simple coloring book outlines that were all I knew. He's so much better; the real life version in a thousand nuances of color and the scars to prove that he's really been through life. The kind of scars that convince me it's alright to have my own. I take a deep breath and stand, carefully smoothing out the tiny creases from sitting back in the delicate fabric. I don't even glance at the mirror, still turned away from me, as I walk slowly but deliberately to the door. He's everything I never knew I needed, and I feel the same sense of destiny tonight that I've felt only a few times in my existence. This is significant… in that same sort of inexplicable way and I know that whatever happens, I'll never forget this exact moment. He takes the last step to the door and I open it before he can knock. His eyes widen as he takes in the ensemble Rose has put together at the same time as my eyes trace his pressed black tux. Tonight he looks like the prince I thought I wanted, black and white, predictable and presentable. But deep in his eyes I can see the gray, the spark of life, the real Jasper. Behind the portrait of a hero lies the real thing, and with that assurance I put my hand in his. Whatcha think? You should let me know because I love hearing it :) Manda