he's taking his old name back. I liked it. She nodded and came to stand a little closer to the bed. She looked down at me and smiled a sad smile. "Bella, I'm here because I want to help you. I want to give you a little more peace, Bella. I want to catch who did this to you, and I need your help. Bella." She said. I had calmed down from my hysterics and went into an almost catatonic state, my expression as blank as my heart. I don't know what triggered it, but it was like my emotion had suddenly disappeared, and I do mean all of my emotions. In that moment I couldn't tell you what I was feeling to save my life. I starred at her, looking straight into her eyes. I could tell she taken a back by my lack of emotion so quickly. "Bella, to help you, I'm going to need you to give me a testimony. We can do it right here. Do you think you could try to tell me what happened?" She asked softly in her deep voice, well, deep for a women. I looked away from her as she took a note pad and pen out. I rested my head on Jasper's shoulder and starred at nothing. "I was walking home from work, I had just finished finals that week, I was less stressed, happy if you will." I began in a flat emotionless voice. "I never walked home late by myself, but I didn't want to bother anyone so I walked home. I was passing through the campus park to get to my dorm when he grabbed me. I thrashed and I kicked and tried unavailing to scream and free myself. I have no idea where he took me but I remember being thrown on the cold hard dirt floor of the woods. I kicked him and he punched me in the stomach. I lost all my breath and he told me if I ever tried to hurt him again he would kill me." I continued while one single tear fell down my cheek as my voice staid emotionless and my eyes staid glued to nothing. "He... He tore my clothes off and called me all kinds of names like whore, hoe, slut, bitch, the list goes on and every time I would try to scream or get away, he'd slap me. He...He umm..." For the first time, my voice got caught in my throat as more tears came, and I cleared my throat to get back my toneless voice. This voice was the only thing keeping me sane. "He raped me then. Oh and how he loved to grope." I said for the first time letting an emotion sink into the voice. Sarcasm and disgust. I snorted my running nose and wiped the tears while continuing. "You see, most women have the pleasure of there rape only lasting long enough for there attacker to get off, but nooo. I had to catch the attention of a fucking psycho, the fucking energizer bunny." I snorted. "He would stop, change his condom, beat me a few and then go again. He never stopped. It hurt so bad, and it never got numb. The pain never got easier. He never went slower. He never went softer. And dammit I never stopped praying to whatever would listen to die. I never blacked out. Oh how I wish I would have just blacked out. I never did." I said wiping the tears off as everyone that wiped, another one dropped. "I begged him to stop, but every time I did, he hit me and went harder until the last, the very last time. It had to of been hours later, though it felt like days, he told me I deserved it. And I believed him." I didn't even bother with the tears any more. "I believed him so much, I didn't think I was worthy of dying .The last time was almost as worst as the first. He hit me so hard, I got what I had been waiting for. Darkness. Death. Yet it wasn't as I woke laid in the middle of a forest. My clothes were almost completely gone and it was raining. I was freezing and I was petrified and I did nothing. I laid there hollowing in my pain and fear until I heard Jasper. At first I thought it was him , but when I saw Jasper, I didn't see him. I saw male . I was terrified because I knew, I was sure he was there to do the same thing. I tried to get away, to run, but my body was useless. It did no good and the male got me. I'm sure if you asked Jasper, he would agree I screamed as loud as I could in my raw, voice. My throat hurt like hell but I screamed for all I was worth. Yet he didn't hit me, every time I yelled. He rocked me and thank God for him, because if it wasn't for him, I would have laid there and let myself die. Because I was nothing in that moment." I couldn't see at all now, the tears taking over. "I was nothing, and I was split in two. On one hand I was unworthy of living and on the other unworthy of dying. I wasn't worth anything and yet you can't hide from nothing. Thank God for Jasper." I half yelled half cried frantically as the tears turned to sobs. I clung to him as he clung to me, dry sobbing, squeezing me to him like I would disappear if he held me any less close. I had seen the detective wipe a tear away as she left us alone, clinging to each other like life wouldn't go on with out us in each others arms. Thank God for Jasper. A/N: I know it was a bit rushed but review! Continue? -Asha