there petrified. I couldn't feel pain. I couldn't think. The next thing I know, Alec took down the corpse that had me in an iron grip, munching at my wrist. Then Lety came, took my arm, lifted it, and with her brand new machete she remove the infected part of my arm. The pain brought me back to reality. I was out of my mind. I can't remember how we go out of there because I fainted." He sighs deeply. "When I woke up we were in the Hummer and James was driving like his ass was on fire. When I only saw that James, Vicky, Lety, and Alec were in the car I went mad." "I know I should have been happy that almost all our friends got out of there, but I wasn't. I didn't know where you were. I had what was left of my arm wrapped in a towel and Lety was concerned. We found a Pet Clinic on the outskirts of San Bernardino and she fixed it there the best she could." I started to cry again and hugged him tighter. Lety had been a pain in my ass since we found her and her brother but now I wanted to kiss her for saving my man. But then something clicked in my mind. "Garrett? Our other friends?" I asked, but Jasper didn't say anything. He just hugged me tighter. "Garrett didn't make it," I heard Edward say behind me. I turned around giving him a sad smile. He kept talking while he started to walk, making a gesture with his hand, asking us to walk with him, and extending the other one to Bella. She took it and we followed him. "James and Peter are teaching in an improvised school. Charlotte has her hands full with her babies and Vicky is helping to cook. When someone is in need of a haircut she is glad to help. Alec and Lety are at the hospital helping my father with a surgery. Well, just Lety, Alec is guarding the entrance. Sometimes the corpses appear lingering in town. We take them down easily but we don't want to take any more risks than is necessary. You found us here today because one of the boys of the reservation had appendicitis. And because Bella had a dream." He smiled at Bella condescendingly and she smirked at me. "I dreamed of you," she said lifting her eyes to the sky. "We were running through the forest, making fun of each other, laughing. But then we stopped by the river and you told me; 'Tomorrow is the day,' and I woke up. As soon as I was dressed I went to see Jasper and told him about my dream." She smiled at him triumphantly and he returned shaking his head. "He was so mad at me. But I was certain you were going to show up today. So, I dragged him and Edward out with me. And here you are." She gesture with her hand to me. Edward started to laugh. "I wasn't going to let you come without me, love." Bella huffed and rolled her eyes at Edward in mock indignation. "Yeah, yeah. You are my knight in shining armor!" Edward stopped and embraced her. "You know I am, baby," he said huskily and then he kissed her. Jasper and I turned around trying to give them privacy, but all I wanted to do since I saw him was kiss him, so I took the chance. Taking him by his shoulders, I pulled him down to me. When our mouths were inches apart I spoke. "I love you Jasper Whitlock." Giving me his crocked smile, he put his arm around my waist. "I love you Alice Brandon." And then he kissed me. It was the best feeling in the world. I was ashamed to admit to myself that I had almost forgot how soft and gentle his lips were on mine. After our kiss, all of us walked to the hospital. Alec was so surprised to see me that he almost fell when he took off running to greet me. He asked me about Jane and Kevin and I just shook my head. His face fell, I muttered an apology and he nodded. When we arrived at the hospital we quickly found Edward's dad and Lety. Lety was cordial with me but clearly not thrilled to see me. I was polite too because I owned her a lot for saving Jasper. Edward's dad was a fox! I think I drooled a little when he introduced himself and asked me to call him Carlisle. I was in a trance and Jasper had to pinch me in the ass to bring me back from my Doctor Cullen induced fantasies. Seth, the boy with appendicitis was well, so Emmett took an Ambulance to transport him, back to the marina with Alec riding shotgun, while Carlisle and Lety went in the back with Seth. The trusty Hummer was parked at the Hospital front door and Edward drove us to the Quileute marina. A boat was there and it was big enough for all of us. We put Seth in first and then all the supplies that Carlisle and Lety were going to need for his recovery. The island wasn't too far. When we arrived some people I didn't know helped us with Seth and the supplies. The others started to walk to the camp but I stayed back. I was standing on the little dock, looking to the other side when Jasper came up beside me and put his arm around my shoulders as I put mine around his waist. "We are going to be safe, Alice." I smile at him. "Yes Jasper, we are going to survive." The end...? Author notes. So, this was Alice and Jasper I hope you like it! The sequel is going to start from this point, so. stay tuned. Thanks to my awesome Beta Kymbersmith90! Hugs, AstridGreenEyes.