the thin paper wrapping. "Tommy I promise that now till the day you die I will…never again hit you with a baseball bat and should I break this promise I swear on my great uncle Thomas I will lick your toe!" she finished with a giggle. "ew!" Tommy said but laughed. "ok your turn Tommy!" Sophia said. "Ok I got…Johnny... Johnny I promise to never put a spider down your shorts ever again and if I do then I promise with my uncle Thomas that I'll put old lady Turner's cat in the pool!" he finished with a loud laugh. I shook my head and smiled. "Now Johnny get yours." Alexandria said. "I got…you Alexandria! Ahem! Alexandria I promise that if you ever need me to throw a water balloon at anybody I will do it without…um wines? No, no with out question! And should I break this swear I promise on my uncle Thomas that I will put pudding down my shirt!" he finished. We all laughed at his cute mistakes. "Your turn sissy!" Tommy said happily "I think I might know who I'm getting." I said but took a necklace anyways. "ah-ha just as I thought I got Sophia! Now Sophia I promise that if I ever have any secrets I promise to always tell you about them! And should I break my promise I swear on my great uncle Thomas, that I'll kiss a giant fox or wolf!" I said thinking of the most ridiculous thing I could think of. "Ok so I now have Emilia! Emilia I promise-" "Flight 1620 to Washington now boarding!" I heard the loud speaker say. "That's my flight guys!" I said as I got my backpack and put it on. Suddenly I was ambushed by 4 crying people. "Wah! Don't go sissy!" "Please stay with us Lili!" "We'll miss you sis!" "…!" I smiled sadly and gave everyone a last hug. "Listen, once I get to m uncles house I promise I'll oovoo you guy's! And should I break my promise I swear on my great uncle Thomas that I'll get on the next available plane and come back with you guys for a week!" I said as I smiled. "Then we'll keep you to that promise!" Sophia said as she gently pulled the twins away from my legs. "Final call for flight 1620 to Washington." The loud speaker said. "Bye guys! I love you all!" I said as I walked away from my crying and waving family. I gave the lady at the door my ticket and walked into the plane. I didn't know where I was supposed to sit so I asked the flight attendant. "Oh my it seems you have a first class ticket. Just walk down here and you'll see it." The man said with a smile. I nodded my thanks and began to walk. Soon I walked through some curtains and noticed that the uncomfortably cramped carpet looking chairs had suddenly turned into white leather, very roomy, and very comfortable looking ones. I found my seat next to the window and sat down, with my backpack on my lap. I pulled out my camera and took short video of where I was. 'I'll send it to everyone once I get to uncles house.' I thought to myself and put it up once they said we were going to begin the flight. I wasn't very hungry so I decided I would get some sleep. It's a good thing I changed in a long sleeve shirt, some baggy pants and an over sized jacket. ~~~5 hours later~~~ "Ma'am! Wake up ma'am. We've reached forks Washington." A female flight attendant said softly. I opened my eyes and noticed I was the last one here. "Oh my goodness! I am so sorry!" I said I as quickly stood up. The lady smiled softly at me and said "Don't worry it happens a lot." I grabbed my stuff and walked out of the plane and into the airport. It took me around 3 minutes to find all my stuff, and get a cart thing. Once I did though I walked over to the lobby area and looked for my uncle. There weren't as many people here as there where in Florida, actually it was kinda empty except for a few people. I noticed one man who was very tall, muscular and looked very intimating, although I knew better than to be frightened by him. "Uncle!" I called out while I ran at him. Once I did though the man looked at me and a giant smile broke over his face. "Oh there you are my little Emilia!" he said and gave me a big hug. "Man if you keep shrinking like this you'll end up being as small as a fly!" he joked and grabbed my things. "And if you keep getting bigger I bet your clothes are all gonna rip off!" I said as I followed him out side to his truck. "Oh shudap and get in!" he said playfully. I rolled my eyes and opened the door of his old beat up truck. 'I feel at home already!' YO people! I'm got a new story! Yeah I felt inspired to write this while I was watching this movie with my aunty. Ok listen very carefully I made this chapter very long and made it happen very fast because I didn't want to make 3 chapters just on the prolog ok? Well anyways I hope you enjoyed reading this so I'll end it here…nvm I wont I forgot to say I have never been in an airport before so I really don't know how things really work there. If you see any mistakes, and I know there will be, please tell me so I can fix them! sorry if the ending sux its like 2:00 am here...-.-'' anywho see ya later and review make me update faster? plz! AND THAT'S THE END! Of chapter one anyways so review plz thx!