be lonely, and he hoped that whoever I was waiting for would come. Today is like any other day, the waitress is walking by as if I'm not sitting in the same corner. She doesn't understand why her boss lets me stay when I rarely order anything. I am running out of my small savings, and so I've taken to living mainly off of animals outside the town, although I always felt bad about it. Some days I didn't eat, it was sort of a gift to some forest deer or a few foxes. It was also one of the few ways I could feel in control . I may not be able to bring back my father or Mark, and sometimes I couldn't close my eyes without Charles' finger prints burning into my skin, but this is one thing I could always control. Once in a while my host family will have odd jobs for me to do in the evening, after the diner was closed, to help me pay off the rent. So days like today I treat myself to a pastry from the shop, like I used to love as a child. I close my eyes and pretend to share it with my sister. I twirl my finger around the apple filling, smiling as I picture my sister's disapproving frown. She had always hated getting her hands dirty, even as a small child. I draw my finger back from my mouth, humming quietly the beautiful music I had heard from the window of the cathedral earlier in the week. I never had much of a talent for music, but I thoroughly appreciated those who did. The elderly woman who played the organ was incredibly talented. I sat on the sidewalk during mass every Sunday. I wasn't sure what I was, but I was pretty sure that whatever I was, God didn't want much to do with me, so I enjoyed his music from outside. This song had been slow and beautiful, the melody drifting above the rafters like it would make it all the way to heaven, and the low harmony- My musings are suddenly cut short by the familiar rush of darkness, covering my vision and sending a violent shiver through my body. I have gotten used to being less conspicuous, and it is slightly easier to control now in my stronger body, especially with several decades of practice. I pull myself more fully upright again, my eyes still blank but my face composed as if I still I see my real surroundings. I can him, the blond man as familiar as my own reflection. He is running, the fierce woman who often accompanies him nowhere in sight. And as the scenery flashed by, I began to recognize things. The giant oak on the edge of the forest I like to sit in at night, the broken old bridge over the dried up creek, the small fence that denotes the town limits. He was coming. Finally, I would meet him. My vision clears as I hear the first raindrops on the thin roof. He is coming. Uncertainty tugs at the back of my mind. I have spent a long time puzzling on this man, but a new question is now lingering. A nagging, almost childish fear. What if he doesn't like me? I have spent days deciding how I would will to him, someday, today. But I have never guessed what his reaction to me might be. I hold a hope that we can be important to each other, but what if he doesn't need me? I am alone, and I have been for years. I wake up every morning with the hope that today will be the day I meet him. But he has a life, violent and tremulous though it may be, he might not want me. The other woman, the sharp and vicious one I see so often, maybe she is his. I see them together and they often huddle close, conversing on some secret unknown to the onlookers. Maybe that is all I am destined to be, another onlooker, maybe fate has allowed me only a brief encounter and a lifetime of unbidden voyeurism. The rain is thundering on the roof now, and it drowns out most of the conversation of the patrons. The door opens and closes and I hear heavy footsteps, boots if I had to guess. Familiar, oddly familiar. Its him. Right there. After years of watching through my mind's eye, he is standing not ten feet from me, his back toward me as he casts sideways glances back at the staring towns people. I start to move to stand, but just then he turns and I see his eyes. I freeze. So different from hazy visions, his eyes are deep, terrifying crimson. Like the man who had taken the only people I had from this earth. Like the day he showed up at the gate instead of my father. I am frozen in place. I know that if I don't move soon he might leave. I will lose what might be the only chance I will ever have at knowing this man. But all of the sudden I am overcome with doubt. For all I know he is just like Charles. Or the man whose eyes bore into my memory. But I know that an eternity wondering and watching is worse than anything this man can do to me. I have to know. So I push my shaking legs out of the booth that is my only security and I close the distance in a few steps, each intentional and forced. I have to know. He is facing me before I am even aware he has moved, his arms pulled slightly back and his fists pulled in tight, his body ready for attack. I falter, but only for a heartbeat. I am offering my hand before I reason can take over. "You kept me waiting a long time."