future, feeling that credit I was due, and then it was snatched away. As I seethed silently, holding my smile in place with effort, the song finished. They smiled to each other as if in a world of their own, and politely applauded the band before moving off, talking in voices too soft for me to hear from my high vantage point. Just as before, all eyes moved with them. Their beauty nagged at me. There was something I was missing. Then it clicked in my mind. Of course this was Dr. Cullen and his wife. I had heard mother and her friends talk endlessly of the good looking young surgeon who saved lives but unfortunately was married and spent much of his free time alone with his young bride. I had even met Mrs. Cullen a few years ago in the course of society duties. Mother had been quite fixated, talking about her grace and poise as a model for me. I had remembered her beauty and my irritation and how unconscious she seemed of her impact. Though mother had pursued an acquaintance, seeing in their aloofness an opportunity to finally gain the upper hand, I was secretly pleased that they had proven to be uninterested. "Rosalie, are you quite alright?" Bonnie asked nervously. I realized I had been glaring after them, filled with vexation at the turn of events this night. I quickly smoothed out my face. "Of course, my dear," I cooed back, forcing a smile. "Only a minor irritation in how neglectful the servants have been in distributing the refreshments." Her face lightened as she gleefully prepared to abuse the hired help. "Do excuse me," I interrupted before she could begin. "I believe my mother is seeking an audience." Sparing a smile for them I glided away. Of course I had no intention of putting myself in the clutches of my mother's circle so made a slow turn around the room. I tried to regain my sense of excitement from earlier in the evening but it would not do. Perhaps a damp towel would wake me up. I moved toward the lavatory, pausing to take a deep breath and calm my face should there be ladies lying in wait for me in the powder room. Pushing through the door I was momentarily distracted by the beauty of the room. Gilded mirrors on cream walls bespoke the elegance of the room. Soft towels in wicker baskets beckoned to the wealthy ladies allowed to dry their hands in such wealth. I walked over to a mirror, pulling my shoulders back and examining my face. Nothing seemed amiss. If anything I looked natural in such a setting, a belle embedded in luxury. I tried a smile as my stomach finally unclenched and saw my face transform into the ticket my parents sough. The beautiful Mrs. Cullen could not compare to me. The pull of a commode chain shocked me out of my reverie. I had thought I was alone and gasped, whirling toward the tall stalls that had hidden my company. I was prepared to provide a broad smile when I saw that it was her. Mrs. Cullen. Emotions tumbled through my breast. She was so much more beautiful in our close quarters. Her caramel hair tumbled down around her shoulders as if every curl had been carefully placed. Her body in stillness was fluid and held up with perfect posture. Her face was so classically beautiful, her ivory cheeks gleaming off the glow of the electric chandeliers. Even the slight shadows under her eyes and the uncomfortable expression on her face as she looked away from me did nothing to diminish. Frustration coursed through me as I noted the ruby at her throat, a deep red against her pale skin. She shifted her weight, raising the arm holding her clutch and I noted an unusual silver bracelet on her arm. Where would she have gotten such a trinket? Why would she ever accompany rubies with silver? And yet, even if her taste was off, she made the combination natural. My eyes darted back to her face, still uncomfortably looking at the ground. "You must be Rosalie," she whispered hesitantly, eyes darting to mine and away just as quickly. My eyes widened, did she remember me from my mother's graceless introduction a few years ago? "I don't believe we've ever been formally introduced. I'm Esme Cullen." She finished, raising her eyes to meet mine. Immediately I looked away. Esme, what a strange name. And yet so beautiful. Anger and frustration filled me again. A beautiful name, a beautiful face, a beautiful husband. How was she allowed to have all these things? I was infuriated by all that she had attained seemingly without a thought or effort. She shifted her weight and moved toward the wash basin and I realized I was glaring at her. I tried to resettle my feelings and once again regain my composure. At least I could take comfort in my attire, so much finer than her simple unembroidered dress. I ran my hand absentmindedly over the flowers on the shoulder of my dress as she washed her hands and reached for a towel. "It's a pleasure," I replied brusquely. I held myself erect as I remembered my lessons. She turned gracefully, as if still in the center of the ballroom and I was distracted immediately as she smiled. Her smile lit up her face, moving her beyond beautiful to unforgettable. She offered her hand and I felt the blood leave my face. How could I ever compete with such a one as she? Unable to keep my composure, I turned away, rushing to the stall for some way, any way, to escape her. I heard the door shut softly as she made her exit and finally allowed myself to succumb to angry tears. With a beauty like hers around, it would no longer do to just be beautiful. I must be irresistible. I must win.