of how deeply I had hurt him, how terrified he was of my leaving again, how much he blamed himself for it. I started to shake, his thoughts replaying themselves in my mind. Clutching my chest my shoulders shook, crying for his pain as well as for my own. "Carlisle..." I sobbed, rocking back and forth against the ache as it emerged in my voice "I'm so, so sorry." Those words, the only ones I could utter, did not even begin to express the depth of my emotion, but somehow this compassionate, loving man who had chosen me understood and instantly accepted my apology. In a fraction of a second his arms were around me. His mind and body shook too, wishing they could alleviate my tormeent, hoping for just a few more minutes of this, of us together again. For the second time in a month, I had become a lost child, sobbing in the arms of a man so much better than myself. As my shaking subsided, I felt his emotions shift, from sharing in my grief and wishing there was something, anything he could do to prove to me my own worth, to slowly, painfully, beginning to prepare and mourn for losing me again. That thought brought me up short. He was waiting, looking for me to leave. Did he already want me gone so soon? I pulled away, looking up at him, uncertainty and fear dominating my thoughts as I realized that he might not want me back. "Of course I understand if you want me to leave," my still heart throbbing at the idea of leaving two people so dear to me. Unable to speak from emotion Carlisle expressed through his thoughts, Of course I don't want you to leave...son. His simple utterance almost undid me again. I clutched at his words for hope but only found despair in his thoughts. But I understand if you have to go. I know that the life we choose is not an easy one, and perhaps one that goes against our very inclinations. I only want what is best for you. Finally grasping that he was not forcing me to leave but rather that he thought I would leave again of my own accord to pursue the life that I so recently had held. "So your fear is not of having a murderous, soulless demon in your house, but that I will leave voluntarily?" I said, disbelief coloring my words. You are far from being a demon, my son. He thought back at me fiercely. And my opinions on your soul remain unchanged. But yes, I will understand if you choose to leave us for a different life. "Carlisle, father," He looked up suddenly, joy radiating though him as he reveled in the word. "I don't want to leave. You and Esme are my family. While I understand if what I have done disgraced you, I will not leave unless you ask me to go. You would be entirely in your rights to do so in light of my recent actions, but I hope," I paused, looking into his face, intent on my every word, "I hope very much that you will allow me to stay." His face burst into a smile, hope shining through his pure, genuine mind as he dared to allow himself to consider that I was here to stay. "Yes,I'll stay" I answered his unspoken question tentatively, adding quickly, "Only if you want me, naturally. Please know that if you do not choose to take me back, I will feel you entirely justified. I do not want you to acquire the weight of sins I have burdened on myself or have to face the terror of the life that I chose. No matter how earnestly I wish I could repair my actions of the last few years, I can never truly repent." I wanted to convey just how great my shame was, the terror that I had become. I read him absorbing the distress in my face and quickly composed a mask over my emotions. I would not unduly influence him, playing on his compassion and taking me in out of pity for my state of mind. It was time I faced the consequences of my actions, no matter if they tore me from the very place I could finally learn to heal. I held my unnecessary breath, the decision hanging like an axe over my head, sentencing me to renewal or despair. Instead, I registered a nearly imperceptible change in his face that I couldn't quite identify. He placed his hands on my shoulders, his unreadable expression burning through his golden eyes. Fervently, he said "Then stay. Please stay. No matter what you do or have done, you will always be my son. There is no action that you could do that would cause me to want you any less than with whole self. You belong with us, and there you will stay." Then I recognized the expression. It was not anger or contempt. No. It was pride . Somehow this benevolent leader, my creator, the only father I had, examined the contempt I held for myself, the terrible actions I had committed, the rejection of every lesson he had ever taught me, and was proud that I was willing to stand up to my actions. "Come," he said, getting to his feet and holding out a hand. "Let's go home. Together." As I examined his outstretched hand, I finally understood. There really was nothing to forgive, despite the fact that I would try to make up for my actions for the rest of my existence. With him, I was home. And there was no other place that I could be. In the moonlight I took his hand, swiftly getting to my feet. With my father at my side, I ran back to the life I would create. I would prove that I was deserving of his pride. My life would begin anew.