where I still sat. "Hey, suga," he spoke softly while putting a palm against my right cheek. Once he had my attention, at least what I was capable of at the moment, he continued to talk quietly. "What has you so panicked? Is it me? Or what you are running away from?" My near panic stopped me from talking; from answering this man. I was scared of what would become of me if I went with him. Would I be his slave like I have been trained to be? But I was more terrified of what would become of my life if I went back from where I escaped from. I knew I would be punished severely for my disobedience against Master. "You don't have much choice now," he mumbled as the fire alarm rang out somewhere above us. He gently lifted me by my right elbow and dragged me out a door near the fridge in the kitchen. I didn't notice it before, but I also wasn't looking for it. "Now, you need to keep up. That fire was started by someone wanting us out. But I have the advantage of having a hidden exit," Peter yelled as the building began to fill with smoke as we walked out towards a dark and deserted parking lot. He carried a duffle bag in the other hand that was not holding on to me. Glancing back the way we came from the building, I could see flames flickering out of some of the broken windows. Sirens could be heard in the distance. One thought ran through my mind was 'did Master start the fire to get me out, or to try to kill me?' I knew without a doubt he was behind the fire. "Hurry, girl. We need to be out of sight before the fire truck gets here," he spoke horridly, drawing my attention back to where we were headed. I tried to hurry my steps to match his, but it was useless with how tired my body was. I ended up tripping over my own two feet a few times, each time Peter would pull me back up before I would hit the ground. Once we reached the truck, that I assumed belonged to Peter, he threw his duffle into the back and lifted me as easy as a feather into the cab. I scooted over towards the passenger side and put the seat belt on. He started the truck and sped from the parking spot right as the building a little ways down the block gave off an explosion somewhere within. The blast shook the truck as he drove off, going just a little faster than the speed limit should have been. Peter fiddled with the radio as we left the outskirts of the city. I kept my fidgeting hands in my lap, playing with the ends of the black and blue flannel shirt. I watched out of the windows as the lights flickered past us. There didn't seem to be very many people out and about. I had to guess that it was about three or so in the morning. Since my last 'job' was at midnight. It almost seemed like it was so long ago with everything that had happened in such a short time since then. He took a few back streets going one way then another. I wondered if this was to see if we were being followed, before hitting the main road out of town. A tune of a cell phone began to sound as we drove farther away from the city limits out towards the country. Peter answered with a 'ello' while turning the radio down. "I'm headed your way to the homestead," Peter replied. "And I'm bringin' a guest. . . . Well I really 'aven't gotten a name. She hasn't exactly spoken, or made any sort of noise . . . A few hours . . . I will explain when we get there. You will see what I can't explain . . . . Okay . . . See you in about three hours or so." During the phone call, I kept my ear on the conversation and looked out the side window trying to make it look like I wasn't listening in. With the training I had to endure, I learned fast that it is always better to make sure you listened to everything that was being said while in someone's presence. You never know if you are told to do a job or you are to completely act like they aren't there. It was obvious he was talking to the caller about me. I don't remember the last time I really said my name to anyone. With all the jobs' I was supplied for, the men never wanted a name to go along with a face. Names weren't really an important part of what I had to do. After a few minutes of silence, Peter sighed deeply. "You must be tired, girl. Go ahead and get comfortable and get some sleep, I'll wake you up when we get home." At the mention of sleep, my body yearned for the little piece of rest it so much wanted. I couldn't contain the huge yawn that escaped. I covered my mouth, trying to keep it from being noticed, but Peter still chuckled quality to himself. He flipped on the radio to a country station then grabbed a fleece blanket from behind the seats. "Here, this may work to either use as a pillow or whatever," he said as he laid the black blanket in the seat between us. I was tempted to mumble a 'thanks' but wasn't sure if I'd be able to get it out. Since the cab of the truck was warm and the air vents didn't work the best in the truck, I bundled the blanket next to the window and leaned my head against it. It didn't take me long before I was sound asleep.