girls shower! Now, that'd be some great photography." My eyebrow was crooked at him but I didn't say anything. Emmett cleared his throat. "Damn, still on the lookout for a lookout." "You know that after you turn twenty-one you're not legally suppose to be here, right?" I asked warily. In past schools I knew of students that were twenty-one. The year that they turned that age they had to leave at the end of the school year. Whether they technically graduated or not. Emmett snorted. "Wait, you think I'm twenty-one or older? I wish the bouncer of Twilight thought I was twenty-one. I can't get in that club!" "You're not twenty-one?" I asked wide eyed. Emmett didn't look like he belonged in high school. "Dude, I'm eighteen. You?" He was one of those kids that always looked older than their age. I was slightly surprised that he didn't get into whatever club he was talking about. "I'm seventeen." "I've been told that I was held back in kindergarten." Emmett shrugged. "I don't remember." I couldn't help but laugh. "What? You couldn't color inside the lines? Did you forget to go potty too many times? Did you not play well with others?" At first, Emmett just stared at me. Oh, great, I pissed him off. My first day of school and I'm dead meat. Then something I didn't expect happened. Emmett's face suddenly erupted into a huge shit eating grin. His body started to shake with laughter. Other students turned in our direction to see what was going on. "Alright class, it's time to start." Mr. Moorhead stated from the front of the room. "Simmer down back there Cullen." Emmett extended his hand to me. "Emmett Cullen." "Edward Masen." I took his hand and tried not to wince as he shook mine. The kid was strong. "You're alright, kid." Moorhead shot a look in our direction. Emmett whispered. "I think this is going to be an interesting school year." If he only knew. xXxXxXxXxXx I sat in the corner at a table by myself at lunch. It was much easier this way. I finished my miserable excuse for a piece of pizza and chugged down the last of my milk. I had planned on keeping my head down in a book and wait for the forty minutes to pass by. Fate is a cruel and miserable bitch and had other ideas for me. Emmett walked into the lunch room with his arm around a cute brunette girl. Her chocolate brown hair went mid-way to her back in little ringlets. She was wearing a short pleated and plaid skirt with a white short sleeved button up shirt. She looked to be about five foot, five inches or so. You know, the not too tall, not too short type of deal. If you put some pigtails in her ears, thigh highs and tie the ends of the button up shirt together and she'd be every man's private school wet dream. I could see her gyrating down the hallway with dancers, singing that god awful Britney Spears song. I wanted to wipe the image of the video – Britney's and Bella's version – out of my head, and fast. They were quickly joined at a table by two blondes – one a girl, one a boy – and another short girl with short spiky black hair. They were the epitome of the high school in crowd. At least, they looked like it to me. I was surprised that Emmett had even bothered to speak with me in Photography. I was sitting there, at my table in the corner, and I sensed that I was being stared at. I looked up and thought I caught Emmett's girlfriend – the brunette – moving her head from my direction. I was trying to forget about her staring at me when I sensed that someone was in front of me. It was her. She was leaning over the table across from me. Her white shirt, the top two buttons undone, billowed out some, allowing me a view of some incredible cleavage. I shook my head and made myself look at her face. She knew where I had been looking and held her arm in front of her shirt. Her eyes matched her chocolate brown hair. Her pink lip glossed lips held a smile and I think it was for me. Although, I couldn't figure out why. "Hi, my name is Bella. Why don't you join me and my friends at our table?" I glanced around her and they were all looking in our direction. The girl with the short, spiky hair waved. Emmett cupped a hand around his mouth and yelled out across the cafeteria, "Don't make me come and get you, Eddie! Get your ass over here!" One of the monitors in the cafeteria went over to Emmett to give him a warning. I nervously ran my fingers through my copper colored hair and met Bella's eyes. "Um, that's okay, I'm fine here." "Emmett will come over here and drag you back to our table." She smiled at me. I melted a little bit inside. "He wasn't kidding about that. Come on!" Bella picked up my backpack and took two small steps backwards. "Come on!" She repeated and flicked her head back toward their table. Grabbing my book, I left my seat and followed Bella across the cafeteria. I took my bag that she had slung over her shoulder and plopped down in the seat next to her. She pointed across the table, starting with the spiky haired girl and then the blondes. "That's Emmett's sister Alice – she's a junior. Those are the wonder twins, Jasper and Rosalie Hale. You know Emmett and I'm Bella Swan." "Hi Edward!" They all chimed in together. I felt like I was in a bad episode of Cheers . And soon enough, everyone in the stinking little rinky dink town of Forks would know my name and everything about me.