the sweet spot, on his neck. "You're so beautiful. I want to taste you so bad," he said, sitting on his feet. Edward laid there, panting. Normally, he wouldn't have the need, but he needed to now. It was like he could once again breathe. Pulling himself up onto his elbows, he looked up at Emmett. Looking deep into Emmett's eyes, he could see the love he had for him, something he had seen in Jasper and Carlisle's eyes, when they looked at their mates. "I want to taste you too, my love," Edward said, reaching out with a shaking hand, pulling at Emmett's belt. "I love you, Emmett, with all that I am." He popped the button on the jeans and, before a mere human could blink an eye, both men were standing naked in front of each other. Each man was drinking in the others body. Edward reached out and ran his finger along a scar, which ran across Emmett's chest, just where his heart used to beat. He remembered when Emmett got the injury, and cringed. That was probably the first time he wanted to reach out and hold the man in his arms, and protect him from the evils of the world they lived in. They had been out hunting when they came across a coven of rogue vampires. The Cullen's didn't want trouble, but the coven seemed intent on it. Edward was busy trying to keep Bella from harms way. He didn't realize they were planning on going after the biggest member of the coven, in hopes it would prove their worth. He should have known Bella was of no interest to them. If he could cry, he would, until Emmett stopped his finger and kissed it. "Edward, it's not your fault," he whispered. Edward nodded. Emmett never blamed him for the mistake he had made. Rose, on the other hand, did, and it was decades before she finally stopped reminding him Bella wasn't that special. How right she was. Maybe she had reasons for leaving Emmett but, right now, he didn't care. All that mattered was, he was now his. "You know that isn't true," Edward groaned, as Emmett's lips traveled down his body, inch by inch. He worked the inside of Edward's thigh with his lips while his other hand stroked the other side. So many sensations were coursing through Edward. Never before had he felt so wanted. The mere touch of a man, who he had loved for longer than he could even remember, made him feel like he belonged. His hands ran through the tight curls on Emmett's head. It was as soft as he imagined it to be. Millimetres from his ball sack, Emmett paused. Edward chewed his lip and stopped his hand in Emmett's hair. "May I?" he asked, as he looked Edward right in the eyes. Giving a nod, Edward closes his eyes, his body still as a statue, as if he was tense. Sensing Edward wasn't so sure, his lover reached for his hand and gave it a squeeze. He felt him relax and took it as a signal. He ran his nose against Edward's full ball sack. Gasps escape Edward's lips Never before had anyone been close to his private parts, Bella had always refused to go down on him. He tensed, just thinking of her, making Emmett stop and looked up. "Don't over think, Edward, just feel." He again licked Edward's ball sack. Emmett wanted nothing more than to please his lover, to make him enjoy what he hoped would be a new beginning for them both. Edward's eyes fluttered closed and he began to relax. Pleased he was taking heed, he rolled his lover's ball with his tongue, earning him a beautiful moan, making his own cock throb even more. Edward's long, nimble fingers scraped through Emmett's hair while his hips thrust upward, needing more. "Sweet mother of all that is good . . . " he moaned, tilting his head back, as Emmett's fingers caressed his ass cheeks. Emmett pushed his hands under Edward's thrusting hips and held him up, so he had better access to his hole. His tongue, wet with venom, flicked with one, quick sweep. Not expecting anything of the sort, the red-headed vampire squeaked in surprise, but only tried to move his legs farther apart so he could feel the wet tongue again. Pushing his strong muscle into the tight ring that had not been used in over two hundred years, it was tighter than anything Emmett had ever experienced. Thrusting his tongue in and out, he began to feel Edward's hole become easier to manipulate. Opening up his mind, Emmett showed the now-withering lover what he was going to do. Without giving him any time to protest, Emmett flipped him over, using a strong arm, then placed it around Edward's slender waist, kissing his back with soft, gentle lips. "You are a beautiful man, Edward," he whispered. "I'm not beautiful," Edward protested, but he really did feel beautiful, by just the mere touch of Emmett. "My mind can't lie," Emmett opened his mind completely. Edward gasped at how Emmett saw him. If he could cry, now would probably be the second time in his second life he would want to; the first time being when he held his daughter in his arms for the very first time. "Make love to me," he said, as he let his body go limp. He wanted to give Emmett something he had never given anyone else before. Helping him turn around, Emmett let Edward straddle his body. Emmett let his eyes melt into those of his love. "You mean it, don't you?" "You have me, heart, body, and soul, Ems. I have never felt more alive than I do right now." Edward leaned in and softly kissed Emmett. "I love you, Edward," Emmett said, smiling. "As I you, my love." Edward leaned forward and kissed Emmett's chest, where his heart once beat.