of the solicitations of the so-called friends he'd met through Tanya or through Breaking Dawn. Because sex, sometimes, is an addiction. Of course, Edward knew that sex was healthy. That it should be healthy. Even rough sex. Even kinky sex. Edward knew this, intellectually at least, and he'd been trying to convince Bella of this as much as himself with all of that talk about the value of sex. And even though part of Edward was still angry at Bella for that stunt involving Lauren Mallory all of those years ago, Edward knew that his addiction wasn't Bella's fault. Unfortunately, he wasn't so sure that about his own part in what looked like an aversion to sex on Bella's part. It wouldn't be his fault, not directly, but he was there that night in Port Angeles. And he'd certainly made a mistake with regard to Bella's mother. So yeah, Edward was running and thinking about Bella. He was still struggling with his addiction—and he was mad at himself for caving the other night and walking into Breaking Dawn. Then there was his anxiety about the situation he'd gotten himself into at work, to say nothing of the mistakes he'd made with his family. And on top of it all, here was Bella. Exhausted, but forcing himself to run just one more mile, Edward returned to his apartment drained. And in his relaxed state, Edward was able to admit that seeing Bella again wasn't all bad. At least she knew him. There would always be a part of him that was Masen, not Cullen. His so-called relatives might think that they loved him, but it was for precisely that reason that they would never really understand him. Bella was different. Edward knew it the first time they met. The first time he looked into her eyes. She was broken. Just like him. And he hated her for it. Newly showered and dressed, Edward was still tired from his run, but he didn't have to work and he didn't want to sit at home. A few months ago, a day with nothing to do would have brought him to Breaking Dawn, looking for a woman—or two—to pick up. Today, he decided to head downtown. Edward had never been particularly fond of window shopping, but it had been a long time since he had let himself just wander around, taking in the sights, with nowhere to go and nothing to do. When Edward saw the woman standing on the other side of the street, the scene was so reminiscent of his dream that at first he thought that he was asleep again. He was awake, though. And there was Bella, alive and in the flesh. Walking into his favorite sex shop. AN: No, Edward is not "hearing voices." It's just his imagination. If Edward's freaking you out: Reminder, he does engage in consensual rough sex, but that's it. This is the one and only chapter that has Edward teetering on the edge like this. He's recognized that he's at a precipice and I think that's an issue worth looking at, if only because we all of us, victims of abuse or not, have the potential to wreak very real damage on others, physical or not. I've certainly been stuck in the moment, when I've considered the next words that could come out of my mouth, when I've wondered if I really want to hurt a person as much as I could with what I'm thinking of saying. I've teetered at the edge. My Edward has done his own teetering, in a way that's much more physical, but this story's a metaphor, isn't it? Having stood on the precipice and stepped back, does that mean that I never open my mouth again? Does that mean that Edward never has sex again? Or that he only has vanilla sex for now on? Where's the line? I think it's important to explore these questions, because ignoring them means ignoring the degree to which we're responsible for our actions. We might be inclined in certain directions (by previous experiences), but we choose to follow our inclinations or to head in another direction. By ignoring the fact that some people see the temptation and refuse to follow it, I'm afraid we enable abusers to excuse their own behavior by saying it's natural/inevitable/they can't help themselves. Again, Edward's never going to be physically abusive. But neither he nor Bella are perfect. They have and will do things that can be interpreted as mentally abusive. This story is about them learning how to break the cycle. This isn't a story about feeling sorry for abusive people. It's a story about how people who are inclined towards unhealthy behavior learn to take responsibility for their lives and change. If you're in a physically or mentally abusive relationship, get out. It doesn't matter if the person abusing you is your lover or your friend or a relative. I've been in mentally abusive relationships. The person who's abusing you will try to make it your fault. It's not. They're choosing to do this to you. You don't deserve it. Don't feel sorry for them. Speaking from personal experience, I know that you can become addicted to being with a person who's abusive. And this story is about addicts breaking free. I think that this is the last long AN in this story. Diamond in the rough Rec: Blind Date from Hell? by bebe86 Bella is unlucky in love and has been set up on one bad blind date after another by Alice and Rose. She finally agrees to one last blind date with Edward Cullen, but is this going to be the worst blind date yet? Rated M for language and lemons. AH, B/E - Twilight - Rated: M - English - Romance/Humor - Chapters: 34 - Words: 104,173 - Reviews: 756 - Favs: 805 - Follows: 473 - Updated: Feb 20, 2010 - Published: Aug 28, 2009 - Bella, Edward - Complete