voice was quiet, iced over, full of authority and confidence. That voice alone was enough for you to know that if you wanted to live, you couldn't try a thing. Anabelle lifted her shield silently to let his talent through. She still blocked the other two - boyfriend of that human girl, and the vampire who dared to pretend Jasper belonged to her. Mister Lethal didn't show he was reading her already, but he didn't have to, anyway. She knew exactly what he will see in her. She respected and admired Mister Lethal, those were the two main emotions that never disappeared when she had the honour. The backing, but still present, were love and caution. They were weaker than the first two - she loved the real mind, the real self of Major Whitlock, but Mister Lethal only contained a little part of him. She knew Mister Lethal felt that love, and he knew it was an emotion that was always present, and mostly leading, when she was face to face with the God of War or Major Whitlock. "Long time no see, Anabelle," Mister Lethal remarked, but didn't loosen the grip he had on her. Anabelle relaxed completely and all the fighting left her. He remembered her. He recognized the emotions he felt from her, he remembered what he felt from her when the control belonged to Major or God. Mister Lethal was more or less controlled by instincts, the animalistic vampire part of his being. He didn't need to read her thoughts, he knew why she came there. She didn't have to do anything more. Everything depended on him now. "I owe you an apology for both of my tamer selves," Mister Lethal continued quietly, indifferently. "None of them wanted to accept it even though they knew as soon as I found out. It may be of an interest to you that ever since letting you go, they never allowed me to take control. They knew what I would do, and they couldn't allow it when they had Maria, now could they?" He paused for a while. "Tell me, darling, why did it take you so long to finally get your arse here?" A fearful tremble shot through Anabelle. His grip didn't change, but she knew what that tone meant. But why was he angry with her ? "I don't understand, sir," she whispered, frightened. While he knew what was going on and who she was to him, Mister Lethal wouldn't keep from hurting her. She didn't think he would kill her, but still... "For more than eighty years you kept clear and let your mate do whatever he wanted. I can't take the control whenever I want, something you know very well, and because they didn't let me through I couldn't seek you out to end this ridiculous farce. But what excuse do you have?" She knew it wasn't the best of her ideas while he still had full access to her emotions, but she couldn't dull the sudden flare of anger at his words. "They would have both killed me for Maria if I came back, and just afterwards realize what it was that they did. I couldn't know if Maria ordered them to finish what they started, just as I couldn't know if you were in control or if you would behave differently. When I found out you left Maria, I didn't know if it was safe to approach, and I didn't know if I could take another rejection. I decided to try only when I could take it no longer, and I didn't care was happened anymore. It took me a few years to track you down. I do not appreciate you blaming me for something your tamer personalities caused." Gradually, her voice grew colder and harder, and she more or less just hissed the last sentence at him. He chuckled into her ear. "So you still have your spark, don't you, Anabelle? I wasn't certain, though that trick with Bella had potential. So it seems you can be salvaged yet, even though they did a real number on you. You're but a shadow of my mate, but that will change quickly now." She didn't even manage to start hoping before he continued. "I always recognised you, Anabelle, and now that you are finally here, I will not waste another minute. I can't accept you while you are still so damaged, but worry not. I will stay here until you pick yourself up, and then you will be mine. Once the bond is complete, not even those two idiots will wish to change it." "Three," objected Anabelle, but her face glowed with happiness. When she went there, she had no idea Mister Lethal was on her side. She had no clue he recognized her as his mate. If she knew that, she would seek him once she heard he left Maria. Or she would have found a way to circumvent Maria and get him in control before that. "You don't have to worry about that anymore. My basic personality is the Major. The Cowardly Cub, as you put it, will never appear again - he damaged my reputation more than enough already. And you don't have to fear the Machine. When the bond is complete, he will not hurt you and you will be able to deactivate him." With that, he gave her jugular a short lick and straightened. She felt like she was about to burst with happiness and love. She knew that from that moment onwards, love would be one of the main emotions she felt for Mister Lethal as well, just for what he did for her now. For recognizing and accepting her all along, while his tamer personalities failed to. Her dead heart twitched when she noticed an extremely rare smile appear on his face. "Glad to be appreciated, mate," he purred to her. Then he turned to the house to take care of the loose threads left there.