I gained speed. After a minute of running they suddenly disappeared. I was standing in another part of the sewers. The air was colder there. The air stagnated. There was moss growing on the walls and black molds. "Thomas?" I softly called out. I was gripping my sword tightly as I scanned the walls and ceilings. I stopped. I could hear whimpering. There was a turn at the corner and I took in a breath. "Thomas are you alright?" I called out. As I made my turn I could see a shrouded figure in gray - It's back facing towards me. My heart skipped a beat. "Thomas is that you?" I could see the figure nodding. I couldn't see its face, I walked closer, "Are you alright?" I halted in mid-step. Approximately 5 feet away from the figure. I could see blood stains on its cloth, I swallowed hard and raised my sword. "Carlisle. . ." A voice so weak and fragile spoke from the darkness. I veered the torch to the left. I could barely see his face. But I knew from that red hair it was Thomas. He was lying in a pool of his own blood. "Thomas-" I could barely recognize my own voice as panic slowly crept it's way onto my spine. He raised a bloody hand and before he could even point, I knew. I didn't even get a chance to turn and take a glance when the torch fell from my hands, its light submerging in the stale water. Everything was pitch black. I could feel a strong pair of hands lifting me off the ground. The stench of blood on its breath. I tried valiantly to escape it's clutches but I failed. In a flash of a second I was being pinned against the wall. I remember screaming as I tried to raise my sword, trying in desperation to wound it with my weapon to no avail. I screamed so hard I thought my head was going to burst. And before I could take a breath I remember it's teeth sinking into my skin, digging deeper and deeper before the burning sensation started. It's teeth like blades as it bit down firmly - tearing my neck open. Somehow my breath was leaving me. I was no longer sure wether the darkness had made me blind or the pain. I could feel my blood gushing onto my clothes. I was writhing in pain. In my mind I was begging for it to stop. For the pain to leave me. But it didn't. I was choking, gasping for air. When it was finished, I remember sliding down from the wall and onto the wet ground. I laid there in huddled spasms for what felt like an eternity. It was not long till I could feel the rodents starting to gather at my feet, the stench from the canals still in my nose. Somehow I wondered why I was still alive. The burning in my neck was starting to worsen as I crawled, inches at a time. I Found my way through the darkness - slowly leaning against the wall and slowly stood up. I then dragged myself forward, my mind in a daze. I was walking for what seemed like an hour till I stumbled upon something. I could remember seeing flashes of lightning. I looked up and saw the hole from which we entered. Somehow my heart lightened at the sight of freedom, but then. . . As I looked down, Dilion was lying there. Dead like all the others. "Oh God no. Dilion, no." I cried as I knelt beside him. Through the flashes of thunder I could see his eyes were open, "Forgive me, please forgive me." I took off my cloak as I covered his body in it, gently closing his eyes with my thumb. I climbed the ladder and began my ascent. Once I was outside the raging storm was out to greet me, I was drenched within minutes. My clothing was ripped, stained with my blood. The ground was spinning and I stumbled towards an old bakery shop and began pounding on the door for help. But no matter how hard I shouted, no matter how hard I pounded no one would answer - my words were being whipped away by the wind. I was stumbling through the streets like a lost child in the dark. Frightened by the elements. I fell to the ground once more. The weight of the tragedy was still in my mind, but then the pain retruned with a tenacious grip; as if my body was on fire yet I could no longer feel the warmth in my hands. I propped myself up with my elbow, somehow trying to gather my sanity - and something caught my eye. It was a window of some sort, a window to a cellar. I quickly dragged myself towards it and broke the window with my fist. I can still remember how the glass broke into my skin as I dove in feet first before falling to the ground. My vision was blurring as I looked around the darkened room. There seemed to be sacks of some sort, potatoes most probably. I sunk further onto the ground. I could no longer think as I sat there shaking. All I could think about was the burning, the pain, I couldn't escape it. . . And before I could cry out for help, darkness took over. . . A/N: Hey guys! I'm back with a new fanfic! :) I hope you guys enjoyed this first Chapter. :)This story will be inspired by different aspects of Carlisle's life. And this also will be my first time writing in multiple-oneshots so I hope you guys will like it. :) Please read and review, I LOVE to hear your thoughts and comments. And it makes me insane with happiness to hear from you guys. :D And story suggestions are always welcome! God bless!