that was bullshit if you ask me. Who would make people do something they wouldn't do themselves? That was one thing my mema had taught me. I sighed, I missed my mema. My father, not so much, he was a real bastard of an alpha and more so as a husband and father. He treated my mother like shit and had him popping out cubs every year until it finally took him from us. His body just too tired. My father was warned repeatedly by the elders that he needed to stop producing. My mema died giving birth along with my two younger brothers. My father had a new mate by the next spring, getting the sub pregnant. I never got to meet my new step brother or sister. I never had anything to do with my family. I considered Emmett my family and any others we managed to bring into the pack would become family. Emmett was standing at the end of my bed with a coffee for me early the next morning. "We have to be at the treaty line in an hour," he said sitting on my bed handing me my cup. "Emmett, don't get your hopes up," I sighed after taking a much needed gulp of my coffee. Emmett turned and sat on his leg. I could almost see the excitement rolling off him. "I got a feeling about this one. That scent Paul, god it was perfect," he sighed. He jumped up telling me that breakfast would be ready in five minutes. God, I hoped he found his mate just as much as I found mine. The smell of bacon cooking pulled me out of bed and I headed downstairs. We raced to the meeting place and check the area one more time. I wondered if Jacob would phase. If it was true what other packs said, Jacob feared no one and wouldn't hesitate to phase. We smelled them coming towards us, the alpha had his thoughts blocked like I thought he would. "There is only four of them?" Emmett questioned. I sniffed the air and he was right, there were only four wolves. They came through the trees but, there was one missing, the submissive Emmett huffed. I looked at the alpha, he was slightly bigger than myself, his fur russet in colour. His stance screamed alpha and even my wolf stepped back. It was known that he would be the one to become the king of alphas when our raining alpha king stepped down. " Welcome to Washington, " he voice said. I could feel he was calm and held no threat. " Thank you for allowing us here, alpha ," I replied trying to sound as sincere as I felt. Jacob trembled and shifted to his human form slipping his shorts on. I quickly followed suit ordering Emmett to stay in wolf as the La-Push pack didn't change. "Please call me Jake," he said stepping forward holding out his hand. I stepped forward, both of us on our own side and shook hands. "You told me you were a pack of two and I would guess this is Emmett," Jacob said pointing to Emmett who now sat on his hunches trying to look relaxed. "Forgive me, I am Paul Lahote and this is my beta Emmett McCarty," I smiled. "I take it you are looking for more to join your pack?" he said stepping back and crossing his arms. Maybe I had read him wrong and he wasn't happy we were here. "Yes we are but, we will only take ones that wish to come to us," I said looking at his pack. None of them looked slightly interested and I really couldn't blame them. Hell, I wouldn't want to leave his pack. "We have more joining us soon, three will be submissives. One however, will not join your pack as he is my mate," he said a glaze going over his eyes. "Congratulations Jake, does he accept you?" I asked confused as normally the submissives had to shift first before they decide. The pack gave a wolfy bark at my question. "Seth will accept me," he just smiled. I inclined my head, I would not argue. "Well, like I said welcome and we will see you around. As you can see none of my pack wish to join you," he said turning to his pack who all nodded their heads. Emmett whined. I stroked his head. "Can I ask where your submissive is now? We smelled him last night when out patrolling," I said. "Forgive me but, are you hiding him from us?" I asked. "You are talking about Embry our only submissive. No we are not hiding him. He has gone on heat and has left for his own safety. I am sure you understand we didn't want him to have anyone trying to calm him. He will return within the month," he said smiling. I nodded. "Does he not have a dominate interested?" I asked. "No, we have a pack problem with Embry so, we won't mate with him. But, as yet, he has not found his mate from anywhere else. Now if you will excuse us, we have things to do," he said stripping. "You too and thank you again, Jake," I said as he shifted he howled and he and his pack took off through the trees. Emmett phased and quickly slipped on his shorts. "Do you think he was telling the truth?" he asked. "Don't see why he would lie to us. Plus, he said there was a problem. Maybe something is wrong with the sub," I said. "Come on, let's go explore the town and stock up with food," I said patting my friend on his shoulder. I knew he would be gutted that today we were not going to meet the submissive. "Embry, his name is Embry, Paul," he huffed but, followed me home in human form. Please let us know what you think.