kind and escort our visitors and Bella to the reception. Heidi is here, they can wait there and say their goodbyes. You will be turned after we feed, Bella, and Alice and Edward will next see you when they come for a second, this time announced, visit." "And if you wilfully reveal our secret to another human or delay ridding of them when they find out, you will be terminated. The same goes for the rest of your clan," Caius hissed decisively. Edward glared, but Alice bowed with acquiescence. Alec bowed to Aro and approached us, giving Edward a cold look. He carefully took me by the elbow of the hurt arm. Alice ran to my other side and took my other hand. Then they lead me out of the room together, with Edward stomping angrily after us. We saw a group of people on the distant end of the corridor, and Alec and Alice fastened their walk immediately. When we came closer, I saw that an amazingly beautiful woman was in the lead – she was as incredibly looking as Rosalie, and vampire to boot. The larger group of people that followed her was human – they looked like tourists visiting the castle, with the vampire posing as their guide. „Hello, Heidi," Alec greeted her when we come closer. „Alec," Heidi greeted back and looked at me with interest. „I see we are alternating on time." Alec just nodded and hurried along. Alice looked worried. I heard them opening the door to the room we just left, and I weakly heard Aro's voice. „Welcome, visitors! I welcome you to Volterra!" I managed a little snort despite the anxiousness which gripped me. I knew we just met Aro's dinner. „Isn't he a little dramatic?" I asked with a slightly tense, but still amused voice. „A bit. You'll get used to it," Alec smiled at me and hurried us on. I still heard the screaming that erupted behind us and echoed down the corridor, though. I flinched and goose-bumps shot all over my body, but I still tried to depersonalize myself from it all. I tried not to think of those people like persons like me, who had their lives, and families they'll never return to. I liked Jane and Alec, and Marcus and Caius too. I knew they saw them as food only, the potential vampires approached them differently. And they had to eat. However disgusting it was, they weren't about to change their menu and I can't and won't ask that of them. None of them would listen to me anyway. And Caius would just get angry with me for such an idea. „I'm sorry, Bella," Alice whispered, when we finally got to the illuminated reception area where that woman, Gianna, was sitting. I shook my head. „It's fine, Alice. Alec, won't you go hungry now?" „Bella!" Edward cried objection at my caring question, and I turned on him angrily. „Shut up, Edward!" I snapped. „You've already proved yourself a complete ass today, don't make it any worse. Alec?" „No, Bella. I will run out later or they will get someone for me." I nodded and looked at Alice. She looked quite unhappy, but there was hope in her face still. „When will I see you next?" „I don't know, Bella. We have to talk to Carlisle, but I suppose we will all come for a visit in some time. We'd just have to agree on the date with Aro. He truly meant it when he said 'announced visit'." "But we're fine, aren't we? We made it out alive," I asked hesitatingly. I didn't want them to be apart from me for too long again, but it was better than if one of us got killed. Alice smiled. „Yes, we are, Bella. Now it's crystal clear that you are going to be a vampire. You will be happy, that much I can see. And we, at least Jasper and I, will come see you as soon as possible." „How can you take it to easily, Alice! Bella cannot stay here!" Edward spit out furiously. „She is staying, Edward Cullen. It is set. It is her will and the will of Aro, Marcus and Caius. She will stay, you will leave," Alec said firmly. Edward snarled it him, baring his teeth. I looked at him contemptuously and took Alec's hand. I smiled at Alice. „Don't you dare blame yourself for any imagined crime here, Alice. It's not your fault. None of it. Except maybe for the fact that you didn't say goodbye to me when you left Forks. Still, I will see you again, even Marcus confirmed it. We will have to meet sometimes, our bond is too strong for that." Alice returned my smile, and gave me a careful vampire-to-human-with-hurting-arm hug. „I'm looking forward to seeing you again, Bella. Vampirism suits you very much." „But that's not fair! You've already seen me after my change here?" I cried. Alice smirked. „I saw you as a vampire just a few days after we met you, Bella. Now you will look even better than you did back then. I really look forward to seeing the faces of others in family when they see you at last." I rolled my eyes. "Come on, Alice, it's not going to beat Rosalie of even Heidi back there. But I am looking forward to finally seeing you guys." Alice smiled secretively, and gave me one last kiss on the cheek. Then she turned to Alec. "You better take good care of my sister here," she warned him good-naturedly. Alec actually smiled at her. Edward huffed and turned his back on us, like the mature vampire he was. AN - I am toying with the idea of writing a second chapter to this thing, but if I do it will be long time coming, so for now this is categorised as "complete". Don't be afraid to leave a review, I can't bite through the computer screen.