too graceful-even Emmett. it was kind of funny actually. I left earlier than Bella, not sticking around to converse save to discreetly give Angela my number. She had offered to go with me since we had Biology II together but I told her to accompany Bella instead as she'd appreciate the company more than I would at the moment. When class was getting underway I noticed that Angela and Edward were the only ones without partners, something else done to accommodate my presence no doubt. I was partnered with Angela and Bella with Edward. It was a difficult class for me, not because of the lab we had to do, but because of all the visions I had to hide from Edward as he went through his whole decision of whether or not to kill her. At this point I knew that he knew I could see visions of the future. I'd flashed a few mundane ones during lunch when I had looked to see what we would have for dinner tonight and how long it'd take me to do my homework so I started to let through a few harmless visions that showed him walking out of this classroom, everyone inside still alive. I saw from the corner of my eye that he seemed less tense, though he had still stopped breathing and that he seemed resolute, as if my visions helped him consciously decide that he wasn't going to kill everyone in the room. I resisted the urge to let out a sigh of relief when the bell rang, admittedly more than glad that I was still alive. I quickly made my way over to Bella as I didn't want Mike to be the one to escort her to our next. I knew Mike would try to help her during gym, but I had more experience in doing so than he did. It'd be safer for everyone if I did it myself. "Do you need help finding you next class?" I heard him ask and before Bella could give away that it was the same as his I interrupted. "No thanks, I already know where it is, so you don't have to worry about us," and before either of them could protest, I whisked Bella away quickly trying to get out of sight before I let the pace fall back to a slow walk. "Don't worry about Edward, Bella. He wasn't feeling well today. He'll act nicer after today," I assured her, leaving out that she wouldn't see him again in a few days after they meet in the main office. Bella seemed both relieved and disbelieving at the reassurance which made sense as Edward had acted pretty crazy rude. I was glad that Coach Clapp didn't make us participate on the first day, allowing my thoughts to wander until the bell rang. Bella and walked to the front office to return the paperwork, hurrying a little because it had started getting windy when the rain stopped. When we walked into the office, I could see that Bella wanted to turn right around, but didn't. Of course, Edward Cullen was right there, trying to convince Mrs. Cope to switch him out of Biology. It was when the door opened again that I was hit with visions of Edward driving to Alaska and spending time with a family that looked like them in the sense that they had pale skin and dark circles under their eyes and were devastatingly attractive. Edward had stiffened the same moment I was hit with the visions and he turned to give Bella a hate-filled glance then turned to me with a glaring, thoughtful look before turning back to Mrs. Cope. "Never mind, then," he said hastily. "I can see that it's impossible. Thank you so much for your help." And he turned on his heel without another look at us and disappeared out the door. I hovered over Bella as we made our way to the desk, her face pale white, no doubt from the fright of being the source of Edward's hatred, and handed her the signed slips. "How did your first day go, dears?" She asked maternally. "Fine," Bella lied weakly. She didn't look convinced. I put my hand on her shoulder and gave Mrs. Cope a bright, innocent smile. "It's been a long day, Bella's just a little tired. Our first day was great, thank you for asking," I said politely, warmly. Her cheeks flushed with pleasure at being thanked for her question and she gave us a warm goodbye as we left. I hugged Bella to my side and rubbed her arm in comfort as we made our way to the parking lot. "Will you be fine driving home by yourself?" I asked softly. She just nodded weakly, not even speaking as I gave her one more squeeze before letting go and going to my own car while she went to hers. Well, it was a great day for me, I established myself as an unsociable freak and I got to see Jasper...but Bella obviously was not so great. I felt sorry for her, but knew I couldn't do anything to help her. Edward would have to do that when he got back. * Notes: I'll be putting links on my profile for any star notes that may be in this chapter, so if you want to see it, check them out. AN: As you can see I put the prologue and the first chapter together, so this chapter is much longer than the others. And you obviously know by now that this is from the perspective of my OC, that won't be changing. The length of the chapters I write will greatly vary depending on which chapter from the book I'm looking at. They can be extremely short or rather long so there's no set number. I will say that this is the longest chapter I've written so far for this story. Thanks for reading, reviews are appreciated.