it, one time was more than enough, if I had anything to say about it; she wouldn't get to see them again, no matter how well she got on with. I reached over for his hand with mine and explained my thoughts fully to him. "Child, I often forgot how much humanity you have retained. As long as they are loyal, I must allow them to continue, they are at least discreet with their activities." I sneered in disgust as I sifted through my memories, thinking of the visits I had made to the Denali coven in the past; their ways had never ceased to disturb me. I remembered the sight of the large piles of bodies around their cabins. The Denali sisters, Kate, Irina and Tanya were notorious for what they did. The only reasons they were allowed to continue were that they were incredibly loyal to the Volturi so they were well respected and they had governed the area by themselves peacefully for many years. There was not a human soul in Alaska who knew even the smallest detail about the existence of vampires. They were despicable but careful, and the latter was what Aro regarded as admirable. Once they had lured human men into their territory they were used for pleasure by the female vampires, except the sisters had no regard for human life. No regard for the frailty of the human body. They fulfilled their use until they were broken, no matter how painfully or inhumanly, and then they fed from them one by one until all was left was a mangled pile of torn flesh and bones. And then they would move on to others. They had been living and feeding this way for hundreds of years and in my mind they were an abomination. Not only did they neglect to have any respect for humans, but in their actions they desecrated the act of having a vampire mate. This was now something none of them would ever know of; they had ruined their bodies for empty pleasure and denied themselves the highest honour of belonging to one vampire. The only reason I allowed Rosalie to stay with them for the shortest time was because Aro insisted and because it was essential that I travel alone with other members of the guard to visit the Transylvanian brothers to issue a warning. They had been somewhat disrespectful to our name. "She will stay with me. I am her sire, she is my responsibility and she will honour the way I choose to live." "Very well Isabella, I will respect your decision." "Thank you Father. I truly believe she will settle, I only wish for her to be content." "Yes, I see this. But what about your own contentment little one, this is of much greater importance to me." He didn't need to make contact with me again to know my thoughts on this subject, they'd been painfully clear for hundreds of years. "I must admit to having only achieved a mild sort of contentment throughout my life so far, this is only for the lack of a mate. I could not have asked for a more enriching upbringing, you know that I am grateful for everything you have given me," he nodded his head in agreement and understanding and I took it as a sign to carry on. "- but life without a mate, it is a difficult existence. Has anybody gone this long before without being mated, without finding their other half?" He held my hand and I knew his answer was no, I was an anomaly of sorts; my life span was far longer than it took the average vampire to find their mate. "No. But you my dear deserve so much more than average. I cannot think of a vampire in existence that would truly deserve you. But, I do dream of the day when you will walk through those doors together. No union could make me happier." He gesticulated with his hands intertwined together on the word 'union'. "Thank you Father." "Isabella, I feel your sadness, your loneliness, your pain – it is much for one such as you to shoulder. I have counselled with my brothers on many occasions about this and while we may have showed our anxiousness for your bond to be forged with another in the past, we want you to be as happy as possible while you wait." I smiled ruefully, remembering the last time I stayed for an extended period in Volterra. Aro had summoned all of the known vampire covens to Volterra one by one, introducing me to every unmated male vampire he could find in the hope of bringing my mating forward. His attempts were unsuccessful and Caius often teases me that I will find my mate in one of the out of control newborns I so regularly hunt. Needless to say his comments are never taken lightly. "I am still capable of carrying out my duties as I have done in New York." "If that is the way you wish to continue then I am happy for you to do so, you seemed to enjoy your time in America. But I understand your reluctance to return to a city , and while I do not understand your peculiar diet little one, I know I cannot persuade you otherwise. With that in mind I want to send you to a somewhat greener environment." I leaned forward when I realised he'd made up his mind. He smiled at my eager attitude and stood up from where he was sitting. "Where must I go?" "Seattle, Washington." Thank you for reading. I really hope you liked it; I've got quite a bit of this story mapped out in my head so writer's block shouldn't be a problem (in theory). As always, please leave review with comments / suggestions / questions if you have any. Also, if you're a 'Sight' reader, I'll be updating soon! Thanks again, Aurora