and back of my neck stood at attention. And my heart picked up in speed once again. Thump. Thump. Thump. I pressed my truck as fast as I could towards home, hoping to outrun whatever was chasing me. I glanced out the side mirrors, seeing nothing but the passing trees. That helped to calm my fears somewhat, but it didn't help the feeling of being followed. It was almost as bad as waking up being stared at. Quickly, once I parked the truck, I dashed inside, finding the door unlocked. I had locked it before leaving, but maybe dad had come home and forgot to re-lock it before leaving. It was a small town anyways. I made sure to lock it behind me, and then shut the curtains so no one would be able to see in. It gave me some piece of mind as I began to debate about leaving early and finding an apartment to live in near my college across the country. Dad wouldn't be happy that I was leaving so soon, but he'd understand. I couldn't stay here knowing that I wasn't able to feel safe. That night, dad called saying he was working late on a case that needed solved, so I made myself dinner and sat in front of the TV, watching a new drama show that really wasn't all that great. I was maybe about half done with my mac and cheese before I heard a loud knock, causing me to yelp in fright. I sat down my bowl on the side table and slowly made my way to the door, peeking out the little hole to see who was there. I was met with red eyes. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. With a force I didn't know I had, I pushed myself away from the door. I ran upstairs, knowing there was no point in being quiet. I decided to hide in my closet underneath a pile of blankets, hoping that whatever that thing was, would leave me alone. My body shook is fear, my breaths coming in heaves as I tried to keep my sobs from escaping. I could hardly breathe through the panic, and the blankets that covered my entire body. I heard the front door break in, and I cowered in fear. I had one pillow up against my mouth to muffle any sounds that would by chance come out. "Where are you?" the voice asked, echoing off the walls. He was already on the same floor I was hiding on. I heard him banging open doors, and moving things around as he slowly made his way to my room. Once he entered my room, he began to whistle to himself. I tried to stay as quiet as I could, hoping that he would tire and leave. But I had no such luck. He pulled opened the closet doors, then stopped to listen. "I told you to run," he whispered,causing me jump. I closed my eyes tight, praying it wasn't real. He laughed darkly, a chuckle that sent chills to my bones before reaching down and removing the blankets that covered me. He grinned at me as my wide brown eyes met his red ones. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. Thump, thump. "I got you now," the monster laughed, taking a hold of me. I screamed, and that only caused his eyes to darken slightly at the thrill of a fight He moved me to my bed like I was nothing before holding me down on my bed, flat on my back. His weight held my body down as his legs held my own thrashing ones down. My wrists held above my head in one strong hand. He moved fast, and I didn't understand how I could be forced down so quickly. Thump. Thump. Thump. I had struggled against his hold, although it didn't do any good. He was ten times stronger than I was. "But now what shall I do with you?" he asked, his dark red eyes looking me over, drinking me in. "Please," I begged. I wanted him to either kill me, or just leave me be. It had been one long week. Tears fell from my eyes as I pleaded for my life, or my death. I wanted it to end, whatever it was. "Please, what?" he asked, tilting his head to the side, his voice laced with humor. "Let you go? Kill you?" He leaned down, sniffing my neck with his nose. I was terrified, but oddly turned on at the same time. "I'm not sure what I will do with you, my sweet. You are so addicting," he finally answered before licking the pulsing vein in my neck. I couldn't stop the groan that escaped me. "Why?" I asked out in a whimper, wanting to know why me. "You tempt me, my sweet," he said in almost a purr. "I feed from your kind, and you smell so wonderful. I can't help myself." "Let me go, please," I cried out, but my body gave up the fight as it sagged into the mattress. "I can't do that," the thing said. "Then what are you?" I asked out, feeling his arousal against my hip, causing me to stiffen. "Your worst nightmare," he answered as he met my eyes with a knowing look. He paused, debating something before moving back to my neck, where he bit. I gave out a half moan, half scream, as his razor sharp teeth sunk into my neck. My body gave into his actions. My vision going dark as he took my life. "I'll see you soon, my love," he whispered as he pulled back from me, leaving me alone on the bed as darkness took me. I will continue this story, once i finish one i am working on that will begin posting Jan 1. I haven't had time to work on this entry, but reviews may motivate me to try to work on 2 stories at once :)