we were within perfect distance. "What's wrong?" I pressed quietly and his brooding increased ten-fold as he peeled back one pale, lavender eyelid to study me from for a moment before sighing exaggeratedly and falling back into a false slumber. He looked funny, stretched out on my too-small bed, with a simple pucker to his brow but, at the same time, he looked entirely too un funny and entirely too glorious. He kind of took my breath away. "It's a girl…" he started with a hint of derision and, despite always having known in the back of my mind that this day would come, I couldn't help that immediate reaction of my lungs holding the air they had taken and my muscles freezing in place. Edward, having sensed my reaction, looked over at me apologetically and with a hint of amusement. "Not like that," he said and I immediately relaxed, ignoring the small curl to his lips as he watched my counter reaction. "A girl, as in Alice ," he explained and I shot him a glare. Why couldn't he have started out with that, and not his oh-so-typical melodramatic entrance? "What did Alice do this time?" I asked, knowing, undoubtedly, that it was something . There was never a time when Alice hadn't annoyed someone in the family, and it was usually either Edward, Rosalie, or me. He sighed theatrically and ran a pale, long-fingered hand through his untamed bronze hair, even more so after his wild run, and closed his eyes once more. "She's hiding something from me," he said after a long pause. His eyes flashed open as he stared up at my ceiling, hands resting across his chest, "From me , the only one who may be able to help her decipher her abhorrently confusing visions." He sat up quickly, looking over at me, our faces a mere six inches apart. His eyes crystallized and I studied the mixing runs of onyx and emerald green, a reminiscence of his human life, flecking throughout the pure gold irises. "Jasper hasn't any idea what she saw either, but I am guessing it has to do with me," he accused. It took everything within me not to roll my eyes. He always assumed the absolute worst. "Maybe it's a gift she is planning for you. Christmas is in a week," I reminded him and watched as his shoulders slumped in misery. "I don't like surprises," he insisted despite his absolute love of receiving things from Carlisle and Esme. "And I know what you are thinking," he started, wagging his pointer finger at me in a sign of resistance. "The Baby Grand doesn't count." Of course, he had guessed the direction of my thoughts. "Oh, definitely not," I mimicked, my tone aghast. "And neither did the collection of first edition Frank Haddock's from Jasper, or the Mausoleum tour from Rosalie, or the – no!" My possibly never-ending list was cut off by a stark cry-turned-laughter straight from my stomach as Edward's lithe fingers danced mercilessly over my waist and up my torso, ending my tirade before I could even really begin. The tickling was sudden, but not nearly as painful as the laughter as I begged him to stop, nearly slipping off the bed in the process. He wrapped an arm around my waist to right me and brushed the hair out of my face, his lopsided grin giving me as many goosebumps as it did warm, tingling sensations up my spine. "Don't forget the Victoria Falls," he added as his dancing eyes watched me catch my breath. "How could I? You snuck us in during the night and threw me in." I had only been with the Cullens for five years at the time, and Alice had helped me pick out something suited for Edward's tastes. He loved cultures, and he loved traveling – two things I had not experienced much of. "My gifts from you are always my favorites," he said instead of replying to my accusation, though it was not an entirely true one. I had, as a child, been on his back and had, at the time, agreed that it seemed fun. It was cold – and frothy. I rolled my eyes, the ridiculous smile still pinned to my face as he tightened his grip on me. I could feel the chill of his fingers through my thin long-sleeve and remembered at once the main reason I had been so impatient for his return – convincing Carlisle and Esme. "Edward!" My excitement returned ten-fold as I moved to kneel before him on my toes, pressing my hands to his hard shoulders. He looked up at me in question, curious as to my sudden change in temperament. "I need you to talk to Carlisle for me!" I moved from the bed quickly, pulling at his arm as I did to get him to move with me. He did, much faster than I had been able to. "What for…?" he started and then trailed off, his eyes glancing away towards my closed door and then back to me, understanding lighting his gaze. I always knew what that look meant – he was listening to something, or some one , elsewhere. "Ah," he said and then smiled softly. He placed his hand on my warm cheek, "Fret not, I will speak with them," and then was gone, leaving me standing in the middle of my room with a pit the size of an apple growing in my stomach. They had to say yes; they just had to . A few things to clear up: Bella is a hybrid found fifteen years ago by the Cullens. She is, therefore, fifteen years old in human years, though she has been physically and emotionally a teenager for a few years prior to that due to a hybrid's quick growth. Edward and Bella are not a couple as of now due to her young, legitimate age. Other than that, I hope you enjoyed!