us, however. "Here, let me help you get her back to your hotel," he said as he went to the street, hailing a cab. Did this man look good doing everything or what? "Bella he is so hot. I'm so proud of you," Rose tried to whisper in my ear but ended up yelling. I cringed away, watching as Edward laughed. True to his word, Edward helped me get Rose into the cab, into the hotel, and safely dumped on her bed. She was snoring as soon as her head hit the pillow. I was surprised I was feeling as sober as I was, but it probably had something to do with the fact that Edward was standing next to me. "I'm sorry Edward, I was really looking forward to talking with you more," I said looking away. I was surprised that was actually the case. Edward walked over to the nightstand and wrote on the notepad that was there. "Here's my number. Call me the next time you're in the city and we'll have that talk," he said. I had a huge grin on my face as I walked him to the door. "It was really nice meeting you, Bella," he whispered as bent down close to my face. "Same to you, Edward," he barely let me finish my sentence before his lips were on mine again. This must be what heaven felt like. He pulled away and shook his head giving me one last smile before he walked away. I continued to watch him as he walked down the hall. "Bella, turn your ass around and go get that man," Rose mumbled as soon as I walked in the door. "I'm fine. I'll sleep it off. Our flight leaves later tomorrow so please go back to that man and jump him." I just stared at her. You know what, she was right. I needed to take a leap if I ever wanted happiness. Edward might not be my forever but damn I would be okay with him being my tonight. Without even saying a word to Rose, I turned around and ran out the door. How I managed to run down the hallway in heels and not die was a miracle in itself! "Edward!" I yelled as the elevator door was closing. Quickly, a hand shot out to stop it from closing all the way. I stepped on the elevator breathing a little heavily. Guess it's time to workout a little more. "How about we have that talk now?" I asked hopeful. His award-winning smile was all I needed to see that I had made the right choice. Damn, he sure did make me feel like a million bucks. "Wanna go to my hotel? My apartment is getting redecorated," he stated as we got off the elevator. All I could do was nod because my nerves finally decided to catch up to me. The taxi ride to his hotel was quiet as was the journey up to his room. Edward broke the silence as soon as he shut the door to his room. "Bella, I just want to remind you that I don't expect anythi-" but before he could finish I just pounced on him. He was shocked at first but eventually figured out that kissing worked better if both parties participated. "I swear Edward, I'm not this kind of girl, but something about you is just pulling me in," I said as I worked on unbuttoning his shirt. "God, I feel it too," he whispered back as he lifted me up against the door. I wrapped my legs around his waist as our lips collided again. Finally, I got to run my fingers through his hair. I think I actually moaned when I did. What kind of shampoo did he use? Oh damn, now is probably not the time to be thinking of that. Edward walked us back until his legs hit the bed and he fell backwards with me on top of him. His hands immediately went to grab my ass. "Bella," he moaned as we created friction as we dry-humped. He flipped us over and that's when clothes just started flying off. "Edward, please tell me you have a condom," I groaned as he continued to explore my body with his lips. "Shit, yeah of course," Edward mumbled as he pulled away. I whimpered as his body heat left my body. As he got a condom I just laid there thinking, was I really going to have a one-night stand with a stranger? "Edward, hurry! I need you," I said sounding as wanton as I felt. I guess the answer to my question was a definitive hell yes . "Umm… yeah, okay. We are good to go," Edward said with a smirk as he came back to hover over me. "You sure about this Bella?" "Yes. Please." End Flashback The next morning, I woke up wrapped in Edward's arm. I almost didn't leave. But I was already beginning to regret my decision last night. That wasn't me. Bella Swan did not meet guys at bars and then go have sex with them. Nope. So I of course silently grabbed all my clothes quickly and got the hell out of there. I had thought about Edward a lot over the past six weeks. Of course, I had no idea I was pregnant and all I really wanted was the chance to talk to him again. But I threw away his number because I was ashamed at my behavior. I mean, I threw myself at him for crying out loud. But as I looked at my pregnancy test in one hand and his number in the other, I knew what I had to do. He deserved to know. I picked up my phone with shaky hands and dialed the number. Here goes nothing , I thought as I somehow found the courage to press 'send'. Feedback is welcomed and encouraged. Thanks again for checking it out! ~Audrey