to call it limbo, because we were stuck there just waiting for the next step. We were both waiting for the social services to track down a next of kin. We got together for a little while until they found his family, he went to live with them and my dad came to get me the week after. I didn't find out about Beth till I was already living with him." "Woah," Alice replied, "Does he know?" Bella shook her head, "Not for lack of trying I might add, he's been impossible to find. Dad reckons he's changed his name or something." "At least you tried though," Rose spoke then. Bella smiled slightly, "I'll never stop trying to find him. He has a right to know." Silence fell for a moment again and Bella looked down at her phone in awkwardness. She didn't really understand why she had opened up to these two girls but she was glad that she had in a way. She really did want to make friends with people who were like her. It was the reminder of making friends that made her decide to suggest it. "Could you do me a favour?" she asked them both, "My dad doesn't believe that I'm capable of making anything remotely like a friend." She gestured her phone camera and Alice nodded after a moment. "Sure," Rose stated, leaning towards Bella's right shoulder as Alice leant towards the left. Bella sent the photo to her dad hoping it would be enough to convince that she was making friends. She smiled at the thought of female friends and tried not to laugh out loud as her dad reply came through. How much did you pay them? She didn't know how to reply and settled on; 'not nearly enough. I scowled at them and they ran away.' "So," Rose spoke again then, drawing Bella's attention from her phone, "You said you were in foster care?" Bella was surprised for a moment before she nodded and explained, "Yeah, my mom got arrested," she began, leaving out all the reasons why, she didn't know them that well yet, "and I got put in the system till they could tack down the 'Charlie Swan' on my birth certificate. He didn't even know about me so they had to do DNA tests and all kinds of legal shit before I could go." "Oh, did you not go back to live with your mom?" Bella tried not to let her distaste show at the mere suggestion. Her mother was rotting in a jail cell where she belonged and even if she wasn't, Bella had no intention of going anywhere near her ever again. After all that woman had put her through, she liked to pretend that she didn't exist. Beth certainly had no idea about her other grandma and she never would. Her dad's wife, Sue, was the only grandma Beth needed to know about. "Hell no," Bella told her, "She's still inside." Rose's eyes widened, "Geez, what did she do?" Eight counts of unlawful neglect towards a minor… the judge's words echoed through her mind … endangering a minor, causing unnecessary suffering and abuse of a minor. Solicitation and coercing a minor to engage in sexual activity to the same ends. There was no answer that Bella could come up with that was remotely true, it was a part of her life she would rather not discuss ever. Her father knew and Beth's father knew, but it was only them and the courts. No one else needed to know about the past. "She sold drugs and got caught speeding with a shit tonne in her car boot," Bella lied easily, she was used to lying about that. "Woah, I'm sorry," Rose apologised genuinely, "I really shouldn't have asked. It's just, I moved to foster placement a few months before Henry was born and I was just curious after you said that you were too." "Nah, its fine," Bella assured, "honestly, we're good." She smiled to reassure the concerned looking teenager, just as Beth came hurtling over to them all. "I'm hungry," she announced, "Can we go now?" The girls laughed at the forwardness of the six year old. "Soon, sweetie," Bella told her before reaching into her bag and handing her daughter a cereal bar. She had hoped that Beth would make it through the morning without needing it, but actually Bella was just impressed that Beth had lasted this long without moaning about her stomach, especially after her comments in the car. The little girl climbed up onto her mother's lap, whacking her in the jaw as she did so. "So," Alice began, bring about the conversation again, "what are you guys up to after the group?" "Nothing much," Rose replied, "We can hang out if you want? I'll just have to let my foster dad know if I need a later lift home." Bella smiled, despite her prediction it would appear that she had indeed made friends or at least potential friends, and they weren't running away. They actually wanted to spend more time with her. Before Bella could speak up, Beth replied for her. "Can we go get ice-cream?" Alice and Rose laughed lightly at the child's comment. "I don't see why not," Bella told her, "What do you say, Snow, Cinders, you up for ice-cream?" "Hell yes," Alice stated, "As long as it's chocolate." "Erugh no," Rose argued, "Strawberry all the way." Bella didn't get involved in their argument over ice-cream flavours and instead moved to text her dad. Going to be home later than planned, I think I actually made friends. A few seconds later his reply came through, glad to hear it, but remember stranger danger. Don't let them steal your kidney. Laughter vibrated through her and she smiled. Maybe coming here today hadn't been such a bad idea after all. She hoped then that her dad would agree with her assuming she returned later with both her kidneys.