Her eyes widen fearfully, which makes no sense at all unless— Unless this boy's mother is admitting that her son is a murderer and that his daughter lied. "After everything he did," she says. His heart stops in his chest. But she continues, "After what he did to Isabella." He feels a rush of relief and is even wondering to himself how he could have ever suspected his daughter— Wait. What? What did Edward do to Bella? They never dated. Charlie would have known if they had. At least, he tells himself that he would have known. But his daughter is such a mystery to him. A thing he doesn't know or recognize or even know how to try to understand. He likes to think that he's given her a safe place to live and food to eat and clothes to wear, as if that is enough. But he knows there's more that a parent's supposed to do. He knows there are things she hasn't told him that he ought to be concerned about. If she were some punk, he'd have no trouble questioning her. Yet this is his own daughter. He doesn't know how to pose questions that aren't laced with threats. That is a lie. He knows how to coax young women into pressing charges against their abusive boyfriends. He knows how to convince a child to tell him who hurt them. But he doesn't want to hear those kinds of things from his daughter. He doesn't want to even imagine that it's possible. Even though he knows. He knows there's something. He tells himself that he's respecting her privacy. Really, he is just afraid of the truth. He can ask this boy's mother, though. It wouldn't be the same thing as asking his daughter. He can coax her into telling him the truth. And then he can pretend that he didn't hear it. He treads carefully. "Bella isn't one to let a grudge stand in her way." The boy's mother sighs. "I wish Edward would take a leaf from her book." She shakes her head. "Sometimes I don't think that I even know him. The things that he said about Isabella." She clears her throat. "Well, I just couldn't believe it." She seems to decide something, and steels herself before going on. "I want to tell you how sorry I am. I can't believe I didn't know. Carlisle and I are not letting Edward off scot-free, I can promise you. Even after everything with—with Tanya, I still believed in my son. I knew he was innocent. But this—to hear it from his own lips. I am so deeply ashamed. I had no idea. I really fell down on the job as a parent. Really." He doesn't know what to say. He can't ask any more questions without admitting that he has no idea what she's talking about. And he can't admit that without also admitting what a horrible father he is. "Well, I appreciate that," he says in the end. She smiles. "You are just like your daughter. Truly, it's an injustice how people mistake kindness for weakness. It's the exact opposite. It's the bullies"—she snorts indelicately—"the stupid little boys like my son who are the weak ones. Your daughter could have stood by and watched my son go to jail but she's stronger than that. So many people would have wanted revenge. But your daughter has too much character for that." He cocks his head to the side, thinking it over. "Thank you," he says. He had been pleased that his daughter was willing to come forward—not that he had given her much of a choice—but now he is seeing that there may have been much more to it than he'd imagined. "Esme," a voice interrupts. The boy's father has appeared. "Charlie," he says. "It's so good to see you." They shake hands. "I'm so grateful to you, well you and Isabella," the boy's father says. The girl's father shrugs. He doesn't how else to respond. The boy's father frowns. "And we're making sure that Edward faces repercussions for what he did to Isabella." Good God, how bad was it? "I don't know how my own son turned into a bully. That isn't how we raised him." A bully? "Do you think that it would help if Edward tried to talk to Isabella? He says that he's tried. But who knows what really happened? He could come over when you're present if you like." The boy's father looks at the girl's father expectantly. Edward come over? To talk to Bella? No. Bella wouldn't like that. She would hate it. Of that her father is certain. The girl's father makes a decision. His face hardens. "I think he's done enough, don't you?" The faces of the boy's parents fall. "Look, I know you're doing your best," the girl's father says. "But I have to look out for my daughter's interests. And I think that it's time she just put all of this behind her. No need to open up old wounds." Best she forget everything—her mother, her stepfather, whatever they did to her (something else he hasn't asked about and never will), and everything having to do with Tanya's murder, including, apparently, this boy and whatever it is that he did to her. The boys' parents nod sadly. "Well, it's been good seeing you," the girl's father says. Well wishes are exchanged and they part amicably. So civilized. The way people should behave. Not like rats trapped in a cage cannibalizing each other the way they do in American high schools. Bella is home when Charlie arrives. He thinks of saying something to her, but she is reading a book on the sofa and he doesn't want to bother her. He clicks on the tv to watch a game and she goes upstairs. He tells himself that it's okay. She is putting it all behind her. Besides, if there was really something wrong, she'd tell him. Right?