left. I was looking forward to it. It's been over a month since we got together as a group. With finals, the end of school, and the long weekend where everyone else but me had plans to be out-of-town, I needed this. I know this was probably going to be my last happy night with Jared. I had to tell him tonight that I was leaving for California at the end of the summer. The party was perfect. My two families got along great. My little siblings from both sides played together. I of course got lots of pictures of them together. I didn't know if this would ever happen again, and it would be nice to have group shots of them together for when I leave for college. Jared and I were practically inseparable. My aunts had asked if we had been joined at the hip by doctors right after the graduation ceremony. We both just laughed and kept on with the fun of the day. As the sky began to darken the adults began to leave telling us not to have too much fun. As always the rules were still in place. I needed to be home by midnight and under no circumstances should I walk home alone. I just nodded and told them I knew the rules. With that they left us to ourselves. I wasn't sure if I wanted to tell Jared now or wait until the end of the bonfire to tell him. However, before I could make my decision it was made for me. I had thought all the adults had left but I was wrong. The elders of the tribe had stayed. I was a little confused as to why. They had never stayed for our bonfires. They had called for our attention and had asked that we each take a sit around the fire. As we sat the elders began to tell the history of our tribe and how we came to be. It was a story I had heard but not in sure great detail. I was sure that most of the tribe could tell you these stories by heart, but since I wasn't raised here I was a little rusty on some of the details. When they started the stories on the Great Protectors I could feel the air change. It was as if the area grew more silent and everyone was sitting up straighter. I couldn't understand what made the change in the air but it was a bit eerie. As soon as the stories had concluded all eyes were suddenly on me. I was starting to worry. Did I miss something or was I supposed to say something? "Kim." Jared started, but stopped to look over at Chief Black before starting again. "Kim, the stories are true." I rolled my eyes at him "I know how the tribe started Jared. Oh course that's true. Just because I didn't grow up here doesn't mean I don't know how my tribe was founded." "No Kim." He said shaking his head. "The part about the Great Protectors that's the part I'm telling you is true. Me, us…" He gestured to everyone around us. "…is a shape shifter or a Great Protector." I titled my head side to side trying to figure out what he was playing at. As I told him I knew the stories but this was just insane. Then it hit me "You're trying to break up with me aren't you? That's why you're telling me this crazy idea about it all being true. Dear Spirits, Jared, if you wanted to break up with me you could have just said it. You didn't need to get the chief and everyone else involved." I stood up trying to put distance between us. He shouts "Kim! That's not what I'm trying to do. I can't leave you." "What do you mean you can't leave me? We're 18 and not married or anything." I asked not knowing what he was talking about. Signing he responses "Part of being a wolf means you find an imprint, your soul mate or other half. You're mine. When I saw you that first day in class I imprinted on you. You're it for me. I haven't been able to see another girl since I looked into your eyes. The wolf can be anything the imprint wants. I can be your lover, brother, or just your friend. You already have seen the imprint in action. Sam and Emily are imprinted." I back away even further "Are you kidding me? This is just insane. Stop lying to me. Wolves and imprints… that's just…" As I was trying to find the right words a sandy brown wolf the size of a horse came trotting out of the nearby wooded area. With that I let out a scream and took off running. This can't be happening. Maybe I've finally lost my mind after all these years of being awkward. Maybe I'm in some kind of weird dream. What did I watch before I went to bed? It had to of been something scary. I had to be dreaming, right? This has to be a bad dream, but as I saw my house I knew it wasn't. This was a real life nightmare. I made it home in what felt like seconds. I ran in and locked the door behind me. I then proceeded to run up the stairs and into my bedroom. I can't believe this. Where the hell did I move to? The better question is what the hell is wrong with these people, my people. I don't understand what just happened. If the wolves were real then that means what Jared told me about imprinting is real. Oh my goodness if the stories on the wolves were real then that means…oh hell then vampires were real. I couldn't think anymore I needed to…I don't know what I needed to do but I couldn't deal with this anymore tonight.