trusted that Edward wouldn't start his abuse on her. He didn't lack control over his own temper but expected everyone else around him to behave at such a level that it was ridiculous. "I just...the money...I hate that I have to spend it on this. There is so much more I could use it for but keeping Charlotte one day longer away from the Cullens is worth it." Shrugging my shoulders I scooped my spoon into the fluffy mash potatoes and shoved it in my mouth to prevent me from saying anything that might create tears in my eyes. It was sickening to me that I was forced to use the money we dearly needed to fight a man whose own lawyer fees was just a drop in the bucket. "Maybe I can help you with that." Billy set his fork down next to his plate, placing his elbows on the table he grasped his hands and looked directly at me. Rachel and Paul didn't join into the conversation. They sat there quiet as a mouse and were deeply engrossed in what should have been a private conversation between the two of us. "How?" I gulped hard as I prepared myself for some outrageous plan he had his mind set on. We all knew that Billy's health wasn't in the best state. Rachel informed me just a few days ago that the doctors didn't see any point in trying to force chemo on him. The cancer that was once in remission, returned with a fierceness that they suspected couldn't be cured any longer. "I've invited Jake home this weekend. As you know my son, a handsome devil, but unruly child, wants more than anything the inheritance from his mother. I'm going to offer him the money in exchangeif he marries you." I dropped my spoon and heard it clank hard on the plate. My mouth fell wide open. Billy was always coming up with one wild ass scheme after another and most of them came out to his advantage, but not all of them. The thought that his medication wasn't strong enough or having some crazy side effects,crossed my mind. Why else would he propose such a preposterous offer such as marriage to a man I didn't even know. Sure, when we were kids we played a few times but by the time we both reached adolescence, I no longer took visits to Forks. From what I gathered and heard from his family and my own father, Jacob was no longer the sweet and compassionate young man I had the privilege of knowing. The picture that was painted of him proved that he was capable of being like any other man, an ass. How could Billy think that I would accept his offer or even worse, that Jake would be willing to give up his freedom and marry a total stranger just for money? That really didn't say much about his reputation. I was already in a dangerous mix with one greedy neanderthal, I didn't honestly want to get tangled up with another one. "Are you out of your mind?" Rachel cried out. It was a relief to hear her say what I was already thinking. "Nope. I think it's a perfect arrangement. Bella needs a husband to show that Charlotte already has a family setting and Jake needs his money to do whatever it is he dreams about. The two of them could provide Charlotte a healthy and stable home environment. Why would a judge give Edward custody if the child was already provided with all she needs?" My heart was hammering in my chest, a far off ringing roared in my ears. The air in my chest seem to lock up andthe room was starting to spin around me. "DAD! There is no way in hell that Jake is going to agree to this. No offense Bella, but Jake already has a life and he isn't about to give it up and move back here." "I have to agree with her." Paul muttered. "If he wants the million dollars in that bank now, he will do it. If I really wanted to be an ass, which apparently all my kids think I am already, I could change the will to force him to wait until he is forty to receive it." his fist slammed hard on the table, causing the dishes to clatter. "Billy, I appreciate the offer and I know you only want to help me but I really don't think this is the way to do it." My voice shook as I watched a vein pop in his forehead. "Isabella Swan, I made a promise to your father on his deathbed that I would do whatever I could to keep Edward away from you and Charlotte. This is the only way I can honor that promise. None of you will stop me from trying." he looked around at all of them with a severe look before standing up and walking out of the room. "This is crazy." Rachel sobbed. Paul reached over and patted his wife on the back and for a moment I envied her. It would be nice to have someone to comfort me when I was dealing with trouble times in my life. "I'm so sorry." My voice squeaked. "It's not your fault Bella." Paul turned and gave me a sincere smile. "No, it's not." Rachel agreed. "I guess we have to hope that Jake feels the same way we do." I hoped Jake wouldn't be agreeable to this crazy notion of his fathers. Rachel shared a look with her husband before turning her attention back to me. "You might be onto something. Jake has never caved into Dad when it comes to bribery." We all sighed with relief, realizing now the ball was in Jake's corner. If we were right about our hunch, Jake would end this crazy idea and none of us would have to hear about this again. XXX "