because apparently when I was at work and lined up my team telling them what they had and more importantly, hadn't done, I was like a gun firing them off one by one, ah to reminisce "everyone's fine, Esme's great, no longer working, in fact, I don't really work anymore, I love it but I'm just the owner at this point, I leave all the other shit to Edward." He couldn't help but grumble the last bit. "Papa C you mean now you're only the major share-holder of a billion dollar banking corp, you've sunk low. I'm disappointed." I tried to suppress the smile but couldn't help letting out a giggle. Just then my blackberry decided to intervene, "Meeting reminder for Bella Swan, the time is 1.55, and you are due in the conference room at 2 o'clock." "Oh shit!! Of all the fuckery!" "I know you're late Bella but I do love that thing, I almost forgot how much fun it was." "Yeah, fun. Listen I have to do a stupid TRAP (team response and presentation) so sit yourself in my office and we'll talk ok?" "Sure thing BB." I tossed him my key card and pulled the lemon scent cloth out of my pocket, placed it under Sheila's nose and gave a small tug on her lead, telling her I wanted to get there pronto. We jogged down the corridor and to the door in under a minute. I entered the room panting and thanked God that no-one was here yet. "Computer, activate voice control for use with Bella Swan, access code – 2-5-4-6-9-2-44-2." " Good afternoon Miss Swan, time check is 1.57 and all communications are set up for activation." "Thank you, system standby for power point activation, and folder code 8709-B in my files." " File is loaded and ready for use." Excellent, I had three minutes and as I began counting, the door opened and in shuffled the Dragons, as I had named them. Not because they were any fiercer or better than me, but because they thought they were the rich know-it-all bastards from that stupid TV show, Dragon's den. And…what's that, overdose on cologne, must be our JJ. 1…2…3…GO "Miss Swan, is everything ready?" "Yes Sir, ready when you are." Only one more week of plastering on a fake smile in front of this bunch of idiots. One week, one week. The meeting went by comfortably, even more proof to them that their well-paid miracle Isabella Swan was worth every penny. After everyone had filed out of the room, I couldn't wait to get back to see Carlisle, I had really missed him and Esme. I pulled the other scent cloth out of my pocket, strawberry scented this time, which meant my office, and I placed it under Sheila's nose. "Time to go see Papa C, She." She wagged her tail excitedly against my leg and if I had a tail, I probably would have done the same. We glided gracefully back into my office "All systems go Renee, system recover." " Systems recovered and fully functional. Would you like to update?" "Yes please." "How was the meeting BB?" I could just tell he was smirking as I heard him experience first hand the shit coffee. "Oh jesus, that's bad Bella. Honestly, is it really coffee?" "Evidently. Look Carlisle I'm so glad to see you, but, this isn't just a random visit is it?" "No BB, cut to the chase, well, I told you before that Edward took over my work post at EGB." I had never met Cullen Junior before but opinions were mixed. Esme could see no wrong in him; he was the prodigal son who was in her eyes, perfect. Papa C described him as a womanizer who was never able to focus but they needed to shape up if he ever wanted to earn a living. One thing they both agreed on was that Edward was, kind of brilliant, intellectually. "Yes…" My interest piqued, I think I knew where this was going. "And, he needs someone to guide him, he needs a really good SNP (senior project manager) to keep him on the straight and narrow, otherwise, they're going to run circles around him." "Then why have you thrown him in at the deep end?" "I thought I'd see how he'd cope, technically he's far more than qualified, and he's still got the Volturi brothers working with us, thank God. But, he needs someone with experience of the company and a good knowledge of how to handle people..." He paused suggestively. I knew what he was asking, and honestly, after everything the Cullens had done for me, I should be volunteering to do this for free. But I knew that wouldn't happen, I knew if I went to work for Edward, that Carlisle would make sure I was well paid and comfortable. Hell, he's probably put my interests before the Golden Boy." "So you want me to whip everyone into shape instead of letting Edward fuck anything with two X chromosomes into shape. Correct?" I couldn't see it, but I could feel Papa C beaming at me, he rushed over and gave me a big hug, I felt home again and knew there was no way I could say no to this job. The Cullens deserved this. "Thank you Bella." He kissed the top of my head and pulled out my blackberry. "I'm putting in a few numbers for people to help you get moved from the office, I'll get some people to talk to you about getting system updates for Renee at EMG, you good for a week Monday?" "Mmmhmmm." For some reason I thought there was something wrong with this, but I didn't care. Edward Cullen, buckle up and hold on tight, you have no idea what's waiting for you. Did you like it? I really hope this goes down well. Any questions / suggestions, anything at all, don't hesitate. I'll be eagerly anticipating reviews. Happy Holidays.