"I guess we'll see. Night dad" "Night Bells" I walk into my room and get start on my English Paper; I get so lost into writing it that I don't notice that it's past midnight. So I jump into my shorts and a tank top and head to bed. While passing the window I notice a movement and when I look I see Noah walking through his room talking on the phone. He turns around; noticing me and he gives me a small wave. I wave back at him, close the curtains and immediately drift to sleep, hopefully one without nightmares. …. Noah's POV Why on earth did I ever think that moving to this damn town would change anything! I am lying on my bed with my headphones on and I can still hear my parents yelling at each other, a sound that has become a regular rhythm in our house. It is the same thing, dad working till late hours, mom thinks dad is being unfaithful; dad can't handle mom's yelling or nagging so he even works more hours and the cycle just keeps on going. Of course they don't act like that outside the house; no of course not, outside the house we are the perfect family. Just like what they should to that Chief Swan tonight, but I kind of blew that with what I told his daughter though. I have no idea what came over me earlier, the way I blurted out the stuff my family is going through. I lean up and look at her window that is now covered with her curtains. I hope she's not one of those gossiping girls and tell everything to kids at school. "Noah!" My sister's voice pulls me out of my thoughts "Hey" I look at her small figure in her pink pajamas and clutching her favorite blanket "can't sleep?" She shakes her head and I gesture to her to come over, she quickly climbs my bed and cuddle by my side; laying her head on my chest and clutching my shirt with her small hand. It's always like this with her; she gets scared when she hears the yelling. I take off the headphones throwing them aside before I cover both of us and fall into a restless. sleep. … "Noah" "Noah, wake up" I wake up and find my mom standing at the end of my bed already dressed for work "What is she doing here?" she asks while looking at Hannah "What do you think?! She got scared from you and dad almost destroying the house last night with your yelling" I try to rub the sleep out of my eyes "Don't start with me young man, get up and get dressed for school" She says while picking up Hannah and leaving my room ….. To think that the day couldn't get any worse, not only it's a boring day at school but this Lauren girl ambushed me the moment I set foot at school. She won't stop rambling on about herself that I seriously consider jumping in front of a speeding truck. It was after lunch and I was putting my stuff in the locker and getting my Chemistry book with Lauren stuck to my ass when I notice Bella three lockers downs also putting away her stuff. It's the first time I see her since morning, she didn't show up at lunch. She's wearing black pants, white shirt, and a black leather jacket with some biker ankle boots, and unlike the other day she let her hair loose and I notice that it nearly passes her mid back. It looks so soft, that I want run my fingers through it. I shake these thoughts out of my head What is wrong with me?! "Noah, are you even listening to me?" Lauren whines "What are you looking at?" She glances behind me and spots Bella closing her locker and walking the opposite direction. "Seriously! You have got to be kidding me, not you too" Lauren almost screams "Lauren, what are you talking about?" "You were just staring at her, at Bella. Great first Tyler, Mike, and Eric, then its Cullen the goddess, and now you. What is it with Bella Swan" She says while whining like a five year old! But I catch something out from her rambling "Mmmmm, who is Cullen? I don't think I met any Cullens at our school!" "That because they moved last year, Bella was with a serious relationship with one of them, Edward. But he dumped right before he left, if you ask me she got what she deserved, trying to steal all of the guys from us" Damn, that explains that sad look that's in her eyes; I turn to Lauren "She seems actually nice, not the guy stealing kind of girl." "It's just an act, pretending to be the sweet innocent girl. But I can see through all of her crap, take my advice you shouldn't waste your time with her." … I walk into Chemistry and see that Bella is already there sitting way in the back, the only empty seat is right in the middle. "Alright everyone settle down please, I have an announcement to make" Mr. Hales says to the class "Starting from today I am assigning each of you to a partner, together you will work on project that will take 50% of your final, and no you will not get to choose, I will be assigning the partners" He pulls out the attendance sheet "Alright we have Anne with Tyler, Isaac and Jackson, Derek and Mia, Beth and Ryan, Aria and Caleb, Sarah and Brooke, Bella and Noah, and finally Eric and Alison. Please boys and girls take this project very seriously. Ok, let's start our lesson for today" The moment he finishes talking I look back and catch Bella's eyes also looking at me, she gives me a shy smile before focusing on what Mr. Hales is saying. ….