In fact, Sue had been spending more and more time at Charlie's, leaving her house mainly in the care of her two kids. Jacob's face was grim as he took his mother's hand in his. "He's in surgery, Mom. Sue was trying to reach Seth and Leah all afternoon. There was a note on the table, and they're headed over to the hospital. That's all I know right now." "I have to go, guys. I'll call when I get there." "You okay to drive, Mom? I can take you." Jacob frowned and watched his mother carefully. "I'm fine, Jake. I just need to be there for Sue, you know? I'll let you know how Charlie's doing as soon as I find out anything." Leah and Seth were huddled with Bella in the waiting room. "Where's your mom?" Sue asked Leah. Leah gestured toward the ladies' room just as the door swung open and Sue emerged, drying her hands on her jeans. "Oh. Sarah. You didn't have to…" She didn't finish the sentence but fell on her friend, hugging her fiercely. "Thanks," she muttered instead. Sarah led Sue to a plastic couch and sat next to her, taking her hands. "Tell me what happened, Sue." Sue dabbed at her eyes with a mutilated tissue. "It was a robbery. The bullet...it just missed his heart. He's been in there a long time, Sarah." She continued in a whisper. "He can't die. He just can't." Sarah slipped her arm around Sue's shoulders. "The surgeon will do his best, Sarah. Charlie's strong, and he's a fighter." She wished she were as confident as she tried to sound. The evening was endless. They drank cup after cup of foul coffee-machine brew, talked in whispers, and paced. Finally, an exhausted looking doctor approached the group. "Mrs. Clearwater?" he asked, looking from one to another. Sue stepped forward, gripping Seth's hand for support. "We think he'll be okay. The bullet was lodged very near his heart, and we nearly lost him twice. But the worst is over, and he's asking for you. Don't tire him, though - only a few minutes, and then he needs some sleep. Follow me." Sue motioned to Bella and took her hand, and the two of them followed the doctor through the double doors into the surgical suite. Sue quickly scanned the gauges and dials surrounding Charlie, and she squeezed Bella's hand to reassure her. He opened his eyes when they approached his bed.. "Don't try to talk, Charlie," Sue whispered, her voice unsteady. She touched his face tenderly. "We're all here, and the doc says you'll be just fine." She put on what she hoped was a convincing smile. "I love you." She was blinking hard, determined to be brave. Bella had lost the battle, and she was sobbing quietly as she clutched her father's hand. Sarah ran across the porch, threw open the front door. "Billy!" "Shower, babe - five minutes!" His voice was muffled by distance and the sound of running water. She pounded up the stairs, wrenching the bathroom door open. She didn't pause to undress but slipped into the shower stall and threw her arms around him. His strong arms closed around her and he pulled her to his chest. "I needed you, Billy. To hold me." He smiled and murmured against her hair while the water soaked through her clothes, "It's only a shower, honey." She sighed, her shoulders relaxing now. "I couldn't wait." Billy helped Sarah strip off her sodden clothes as they stood under the steaming, pounding spray. The combination of the hot water and his natural warmth soothed out the tension in her muscles. They dried each other with large, fluffy towels, and without a word they tumbled onto their king size bed and made love. It was the frantic kind of sex - leaving them breathless, their lips swollen from urgent kisses, their bodies bruised from hurried, frenzied coupling, their hearts too full for mere words. Afterward, Sarah was the first to speak. She touched Billy's lips with her fingertip as she lay on her side, studying his face. "I love you, Billy Black. I always will." He looked into her eyes. "I love you too, Sarah. Is Charlie going to be okay?" She nodded before laying her head on his chest. Exhausted, comforted by the steady beating of his heart, she fell asleep almost immediately. It took him a little longer as he lay still, stroking her hair. He pulled a sheet over their naked bodies and wondered how he would handle being in Sue's place. He hoped never to find out. Charlie was in the hospital for a week. Sue went over every day and gave Leah a hand with cooking, cleaning, and laundry. Sue spent every waking moment at the hospital, but Charlie insisted that she go home to sleep. Bearing a warm apple pie, Sue tapped on Sarah's back door and poked her head in. "You busy, my friend?" Sarah met her with a hug and inhaled deeply. "Mmmm...you always did make the best apple pies on the rez. Come on - can you stay for coffee?" "Sure." She took a seat at the kitchen table. "Charlie's settled in his recliner with Bella waiting on him hand and foot. He's just so happy to be home. How can I thank you…" Her voice broke. "Don't be silly. What are friends for? I was glad to be able to help in some small way, Sue." Sarah poured them each a cup of coffee and sat across from her friend. "It must be great…" She never finished the sentence. Sue was seated facing the back door, and she gasped as it swung open and Billy stomped in, naked as a jaybird. "Sarah, I….oh shit." Sue was too shocked even to cover her eyes, and she stared for a long moment before jumping up and hiding her face in the corner while Billy edged quickly past her and up the stairs.