operator's voice was calm and impersonal. "Hi, um...I don't really know but there's a man here and I think he's going to hurt my friend." My voice was trembling. The operator's voice instantly became more human. "Where are you, sweetheart?" "I'm at Horton Plaza, at a store called Azalea's Spiritual Emporium. I um...I don't know the address." "That's OK, honey, I've got it. I'm sending a unit your way right now. Are you safe where you are?" The operator asked. "Yeah, I think. I'm in the back, in the stockroom. He doesn't know I'm here." I whispered. "Good. I want you to stay where you are. Who is the man?" "I don't know. The lady that owns the shop, she got scared when she saw him, and she made me hide. She's alone with him right now...please hurry!" My voice was threatening to crack. "Just stay calm...there is a unit in the area and they're on their way. Did you see if he had any weapons?" "No...I..." My voice broke off as I heard muffled shouting through the wall. "Wait...something's going on." I put my hand over the receiver and strained my ears. "I'm going to ask you one last time, Sheila!" The man's voice was no longer calm. "Where is my wife?" "My daughter is not your wife anymore!" I heard Nancy yell back. "After what you did to her, she never wants to see you again!" "And whose fault is that, huh?" I heard a crash and flinched. "It's your fault, Sheila! You could never keep your nose out of our business. You're the one who was in her face all the time, on her back to press assault charges, get a restraining order, get a divorce, to take my son and hide from me! Did you really think I'd let either one of you get away that easily?" "You'll never touch her." Nancy's voice was hard, but bleak. "We knew you'd come after us again, that's why we split up. She's somewhere safe, somewhere far away where you will never hurt her again, and I'll die before I tell you how to find her!" "That can be arranged." The man's voice was an angry snarl and I gasped and brought the phone back up to my ear. "Oh my God, he's going to kill her! Please, get someone here!" Tears were beginning to trickle down my face. "They're almost there." The operator's voice was meant to be reassuring, but it didn't help. "What's your name, honey?" "Elisa." I whispered. "What's happening now, can you tell, Elisa?" "I...hang on." I pulled the phone slightly away from my ear, listening. "Please, Scott." Nancy's voice was pleading now. "It's over. Just turn around and leave. Do it now and I won't even call the police. If you ever cared about Melissa at all, let her go. She's happy now. Please, just leave us alone!" There was silence for a moment and my heart swelled hopefully. Maybe he would actually listen. Please, God, don't let him hurt Nancy...just make him leave. My hopes were short-lived though when I heard another horrendous crash and then his laughter sounded through the room. "What a bunch of superstitious crap you're peddling here, Sheila. What's this? Scented oil?" There was a pause and another barking, half mad laugh. "Smells like cheap ass perfume to me." There was a sudden thud, a cry of pain, and I winced, my hands automatically going over my ears. He was hitting her now...if the police didn't come soon, Nancy would be out of time. My heart was thudding so hard it felt like it was going to fly out of my chest. "Still, this stuff could be handy." Scott was speaking again and I strained my ears to catch every word. "It's flammable, isn't it? You know, I have a bullet with your name on it, but I think this is more fitting. You want to act like a witch? Fine. You know what they did to witches a couple of centuries ago, Sheila? They burned them, that's what." There was a splashing noise, and I thought I heard Nancy moan. My breath caught in my throat as I realized what was happening. He'd doused Nancy with oil... he was going to set her on fire . "No!" I cried. Instincts taking over, I jumped to my feet, the cell phone falling from my numb fingers. As I desperately looked around for a weapon, I vaguely registered the operator's voice coming from the phone at my feet. "Elisa? Elisa! Stay where you are-don't go out there!" I wasn't listening. There was no way I was going to let this sick bastard murder my friend while I crouched in a corner. My frantic fingers closed on the box cutter Nancy had been using earlier and then I was running out of the stockroom and into the shop. As I came into sight of the unshaven, red-eyed man who bent over Nancy's crumpled figure, time seemed to slow to a sudden crawl. His head snapped around, staring into my terrified eyes in shock, and then there were three very loud, very distinct noises that happened all at the same time, although I registered them almost as separate events. First there was Nancy's agonized scream. "Elisa...NO!" Then there was the welcome sound of the sirens as the police car finally pulled up outside. And the last thing I heard was the sound of the gun that was pointed directly at me as it went off. To Be Continued... Again, I really enjoy your feedback and would very much appreciate knowing what you think. :) Crap, I almost forgot...you may have noticed that there is a big difference between how much time has passed for Elisa since she last saw Bella, Edward, and Co. and how much time has passed for the Cullen Clan. There is actually a reason for that...(although I don't promise that it will make it any sense. :p )