off his back and to prevent Quil from winning the bet. He had declined both of the generous offers. They were right though. He couldn't stop thinking about her. Everyday when he woke he'd think about mindless things about her. What cereal did she like best? Did she have bed hair in the morning? How long did she take to get ready? Did Embry have to wait 5 minutes, or 5 hours to take her out? What was he favourite type of cheese? Just give in, dude. Go and get to know her. You're literally thinking about her cheese preferences. It's Brie, or anything creamy, by the way. Claire brought those string cheese things to school once and had a whole conversation about cheese with Ro. I just think that it's better for both of us to not be close at this point of my life. Why? At least you've found somebody. Better than wallowing in self-pity. Sorry, Leah. Besides, it's not like anything has to happen. You could just be a friend. If she starts to like you then you cross that bridge when you get to it. Also, it's actually physically painful for you to be away from her, admit it. I was trying to ignore that, but thanks, Seth. I still don't get why you're staying away. It makes no sense. Jacob, have you seen my shoebox apartment? Have you seen how many zeroes are in my bank account? One. Like...not even double digits. Just zero. You're exaggerating. You've saved up a ton. No. Mom's birthday took a whole chunk out of it and I paid for Ro's bill the other day at the hospital. That shit was expensive. Why is it so expensive to like, I don't know, not die? It's the patriarchy, Em. Shut up, Quil. Do you even know what that means? It's only cute when Claire says it. Right?! So cute! You're not helping Embry, Quil. He's generally very unhelpful. Why can't you be more like Claire? She did a way better job wingman-ing me than you did. Yeah Quil, that was real lousy. Hey! Stop ganging up on me! Can we get back on topic, boys? That still doesn't explain why you won't go for her. You think she's gonna wait for you 'til you find work? Girls like that never have to wait long until they're not single anymore. Embry shuddered at the thought. How'd you know she was single, Lee? Quil asked. If you hadn't been so caught up with trying to forget her, you would've noticed. See? I'm totally helpful! Jake, we headed to the Cullens? I thought we were doing patrol. Oh, no. You guys are doing patrol. I'm meeting Nessie. Bella and Edward wanted some alone time. Eurgh, vampire sex. Gross. Is it beastiality if Jake and Nessie were to have sex in the future? I mean. Half leech and one werewolf? That's kinda kinky. Hey, no kink-shaming. Boys! Crisis at hand! Stop thinking about Jake's future in-laws having sex! Ew, Leah. You guys started it! Anyways, I don't really wanna talk about it anymore guys. Reminds me about how pathetic my life is. The only thing pathetic about you is yourself and how you don't want to go after your soulmate. What if you lose her? What if she finds someone else? What if she gets married? Just because you didn't take the chance when you had it. Fuck. Embry felt like he just got punched in the gut with a knife. I can barely take care of Mom as it is. How am I supposed to take care of her? Did you know she's already been in the hospital twice before? How am I supposed to pay for all of that? I can't treat her to nice dinners, or share a nice place with her, or go to fancy museums with her. I can't give her what she deserves. Ugh, boys. Seth, tell him all I taught you. You don't have to do all of that. If you treat her right, she'd be happy to just have you. You don't have to take care of her in that sense, even though I know everything in your body tells you you need to do everything you can. Girls aren't glass, Em. They're like diamonds. Strong and beautiful. She can hold her own. Besides, asking a werewolf what their problem is, especially asking a werewolf like you, is already showing how ballsy she is. Just do what your instincts tell you. Don't be a dick, and treat her right. ...Damn. When did you get all grown up? When you were all busy messing around being dicks. Also, I have Leah as a sister, remember? This is my proudest moment. Maybe Seth was right. Uhm, hello? Maybe Leah was right. Damn right, I am. It was physically impossible for him to stay away from her. He couldn't get rid of her face from his mind, like it was burned into it. It hurt that he hadn't seen her in 5 days. Hey, what do you mean a werewolf like me? You're really scary when you're angry Em. I dunno why. You face gets all dark. Maybe it's the shy-guy effect. You know when people you don't really expect to get angry actually do get angry? You know shit's about to be lost. Huh. Anyway, he'll get his girl...next week...maybe. What? After all of that? And all we get you to do is next week?! What a waste of our breath, Jesus. Fuck you, Call. Hey, hey, hey! I'm busy! I've got finals coming up soon! Mom needs help with the house, and I'm working double shifts because the Cullens are coming back. Isn't it already enough that I've agreed to go after her? He heard a collective sigh from his pack mates. Yay. Get it, Call. You go, gurl. I'm sensing a hint of disappointment and exasperation from all of you, despite those encouraging words. You're sensing right