jumble throughout the entire period as we orally read through an act from Hamlet. Everyone's voices were mumbles in my ears. All I could think about is my mystery guy. I'm distracted by my mysterious Valentine's Day gift giver that before I knew it, I'm eating lunch at the bustling cafeteria with Alice and Rose during lunch period. The girls are squealing in excitement once I tell them about my unknown Valentine. "Finally, girl!" Rose exclaims. "This guy has great taste." "So who do you think is it?" Alice questions. "I dunno," I tell Alice. "Whoever it is, I'm meeting him after school to find out." Seconds later, the suggestions of who my mystery guy begins. "Might be Mike Newton. He's always got his eyes on our B." Which he needs to stop doing. Can't the boy take a hint? "What about Eric? He asked her out once." That was two years ago. He's over me. "Let's not count out Tyler. He tried asking her to prom last week." Who I didn't say yes to. I'm not going to be someone's last resort. "Oh! It could be Lee! He stares at her as much as Mike." Which is way more creepier than Mike. I tune out my friends' conversation. The only clue I have about my mystery guy is the flawless handwriting on the note. There are no guys that I know of that has that handwriting. Surely a perfect handwriting like that belongs to a perfect guy, right? I shouldn't get my expectations up too high. But a girl can hope, right? Rose waves her hand in front of my face. "Hello! Earth to Bella!" I blink. "Sorry. Just thinking about something." I switch the topic. "So Aly, what did Jas give to you?" Alice beams. She flashes her right wrist to us, revealing a silver bracelet with a lock-and-key charm. "Jas gave me this. He says I'm the key that unlocked his heart." "Classic Jas." For a 16-year-old, he puts the gentleman in southern gentleman. We spend the rest of our lunch break finishing our lunches. When the bell rings, we say our goodbyes and go to our respective next periods. Only a couple more hours. I can't wait to see who my mystery guy is. ~:~ I stand in the near-empty hallway, leaning against my locker. Everyone has either left school grounds or hanging out with their friends outside the building. It's two minutes until three and I'm waiting anxiously for my mystery Valentine to show up. With most of the student body nowhere in sight, it's safe for me to have the gift out of my backpack and in my hands. Holding it will be my way to let my Valentine know how much I appreciate his gift. A dark silhouette walks toward me from the north end of the hall. As the figure inches closer to see, I could make out his features. I gasp. It's Edward. "Hi Bella," he says for the second time today. I'm speechless. Is this happening? Is this true. "You… you sent me this?" He nods. "All of it is from me." "But… why? You're the most popular and maybe the most hottest guy in the school. Why send a Valentine to a dork like me?" He shakes his head, stepping closer to me until our faces are centimeters apart. My body grows warmer at our close proximity. "I bought those things because I like you, Bella. I've liked you since the first day of school." He chuckles. "If you haven't noticed, I like brunette girls with chocolate brown eyes with real intelligence, a sense of humor and cares more about school than partying all night long." "R-really?" I stutter. "Yeah." He brings his hand up, laying his palms on my cheeks. "My main reason for breaking up with Tanya is because I want to be with you. I really want to be your boyfriend." FUCK, EDWARD CULLEN IS ASKING ME TO BE HIS GIRLFRIEND. This isn't a dream. It's real. My perfect guy is telling me that he likes me too. "I… wow." He gazes at me timidly. "Do you like me too?" Of course I do! Still in a state of shock, I'm unable to get the words out of my mouth. Instead, I give him the biggest grin I can muster and repetitive nods. He mirrors my grin, and he does the one thing that every boy does to a girl that he likes. He kisses me. I squeak. His lips feels soft and slightly chapped. The teddy bear and box slips from my hands, landing on the floor with a light thud. I snake my arms around his neck, matching the same pressure of his lips with mine. Our lips are locked in a seemingly never-ending dance. I wish this moment can last forever. I break away sometime later, gasping for air. So this is what good kisses are like. Edward laughs, picking up my gift from the floor. "Didn't know you're a great kisser." "I have an inner vixen," I tell him cheekily. He smiles, kissing my cheek. "So… be my girlfriend?" This time, I don't stay quiet. "Of course. I don't have hot make-out sessions with anyone." He smirks. "Good, because your lips are the only ones I'd want to be kissing for the rest of my life." "That was corny. You need to work on your pick-up lines, Cullen." "As you wish, beautiful." He holds out his right hand to me, and I hold his hand with mine. Maybe Valentine's Day isn't so bad a holiday after all. So yeah! Changed the grammar, added some new things. I'll try to get the next chapter up as soon as I can. I'll be juggling on updates between this and my Phan story (which you can check out if you're into Dan and Phil fanfics). And just like my former author's note, I'd love to know what you think of V2 of OPR! ~ AA