sitting opposite me and looking at me attentively, while both of us engaged in casual conversation. I thought he seemed nervous, but brushed it off quickly. This was Edward I was talking about. I had just finished swallowing the last bite of the spaghetti when Edward moved from his seat opposite me and came to kneel beside me. No, definitely not to propose, he knelt down on both knees and looked me in the eyes so intensely that I knew I would have collapsed if I weren't sitting down. "Bella, please promise me something." His voice was filled with such desperation that my breath caught. Before I had the chance to speak, he continued, "I don't know… I don't know if what Alice told me… if that was true… please promise me… promise me you won't feel inadequate in any way." He'd said the last part in a rush, but his words carried the burning intensity of his feelings. Yet I'd never heard him speak so hesitantly, never heard his voice falter so many times, as if he was afraid, as if he was in pain. I wanted nothing more than to offer comfort, to tell him it was all okay. I looked away, my cheeks flaming. I couldn't think of a suitable response to his request. He was superior to me in every possible way, how could he expect me not to feel inadequate? I would never let him know this, but I struggled with this issue almost daily. I was hopelessly afraid he would abandon me, because I knew better than anyone else that should he decide to leave, he could do it easily. After all, hadn't he done it before? He had absolutely no incentive to stay. Even though he had promised never to leave me, I wouldn't – couldn't – allow myself to believe that he would stay forever. I struggled to form a reply, but the moment I looked at his face, I knew that honesty would be the only way out. "I... I, I can't." I stuttered like an idiot. He spoke in a quiet, thoughtful tone. "Please explain that to me." Edward put his head in my lap, and I knew that he wasn't angry at me. That made it slightly easier to speak, but it didn't eradicate my anxiety. My voice was constricted with emotion when I answered. "I don't think I'm good enough for you." I bit my lip and looked down again, my words coming out in a rush. "I'm grateful that you're with me now, but I'm scared that you'll leave me again. I can't help feeling that I can't match up to you. You're so accomplished, and I can barely –" My breath hitched, and I couldn't go on. I realized that I was crying, my tears flowing freely now. It was incredibly frustrating, that whenever Edward asked me anything, I would cave in and reveal my innermost thoughts and feelings, even when they were secrets I wanted to keep. I was aware of being jerked forward before I found myself on Edward's bed. His voice was unintentionally alluring, but a hint of frustration coloured his tone. "I will prove to you that you're not inadequate. You're precious to me, and you will believe that I love you and need you more than ever." He caressed my face while murmuring something about self-worth, but I didn't catch it. He touched my face over and over, but I refused to budge. I let him comfort me while I tried to stop crying like a five-year-old. "When I was away, I was counting the minutes until I would come crawling back to you. I was thinking of ways to beg for forgiveness, of how to win you back from Mike or Tyler or whoever might've caught your eye when I was gone." But I couldn't allow myself to hope he'd feel this way forever, knowing these words would hurt me like knives if he ever left again. "Stop," I pleaded, and my voice broke without my permission. A battle raged in his eyes, and then they were as still as stones, painted over with a layer of sadness. "Why won't you believe me?" I offered him a ghost of a smile. "Why would I?" I almost whispered. Edward stared at me with a look that would have stopped a train. "You're right. I'm sorry. Bella, I'm terribly sorry. I broke your trust in me, and I'm going to have to fix that. I'm here for the long haul, and I'll be here until you can believe that again." I knew building my conviction had to do with his credibility and my self-confidence, none of which seemed secure at this point. He couldn't seem to stop talking. "I love how you stand up for what you love, how you can defend things like 'Romeo and Juliet' even when others don't view things your way. I love how you're responsible and hardworking and incredibly disciplined. I love how you're witty and brilliant, how you're one of the kindest and most compassionate people I've ever known. I love your selfless devotion to those you love, the way you love your family, how you're overly responsible and take care of both Charlie and Renee, because you know they need you. I need you, Bella. I need you to take care of me too. Who else would love me through my terrible temper and my caustic words? I'm so incredibly lucky to have you." I blushed with so much heat in my face, I might almost have caught fire. The euphoria I felt then could not be expressed in words. I found it painfully hard to breathe. At that moment at least, I knew that I meant more to him than anyone else in the world. "I love you, Bill." I gave him a sly smile as I referenced the Lewinsky scandal. He smiled the beautiful, crooked smile that I loved. "Love you too, Monica."