thinks about when he looks at me. Does he feel guilty about his actions? Or is he proud that I became another one of his many forgotten girlfriends? I could ask him those questions if I wasn't scared with the possibility of my impulses overtaking me again. Talk to me, my mind would tell me every time I see him. But I can't, and that's that. ~:~ "Why did I have to have math at the end of the day again?" I curse to myself. Today's the first day of my senior year. So far, the day's going well like any other first day of school. A.P. is hard, as everyone who had A.P. English last year said. English 4 was fun since Mrs. Cope was the class joker as always. Japanese 2 was okay, so I'll be excited once I start learning Kanji. That leaves my last period, trigonometry/pre-calculus. I'm having all the tough classes this semester, just like last year. And math at the end of the day? Cue face palm. I'm just no good at math, even though everyone always goes to me for help. Thank god I have Jane for trig. I won't be alone in case we'd have to do one of those group works that teachers insist we do. When I enter the class, I don't recognize the students that are already in there. I do spot students like Marcus and Claire that I've known since middle school. Other than that, the rest are strangers to me. "Yeah, I have work today." My body tenses. I'd know that voice anywhere. My eyes land on a familiar head of tousled penny-colored hair. I gulp. What the hell? It's finally happening. "Edward," I whisper. Trig? Really? We have to be classmates in a subject I suck at? Holding down my panic, Jane and I look around the room, searching for our assigned seats. The sinking feeling returns when I see the group I'm sitting with. Edward Cullen, Tanya Denali, Embry Call, Bella Swan. "Damn." I could deal with being in the same class as Edward. Working together in a group? It's a deal-breaker that I wish the Earth could swallow me up in. "Bella?" Jane's voice pulls me out of my thoughts. "Uh... yeah?" "You okay? You don't look so good." I shake my head. "I'm fine. Still a little full from lunch." Jane eyes me suspiciously, but lets go of the subject. We squirm away from other wandering students and head toward our seats. Be calm, Swan. Plastering my best poker face, I walk to my seat and sit down, my gaze looking anywhere but Edward. Tanya and Embry are in a deep conversation, looking oblivious to my presence. Even though I'm not looking at Edward, I can feel an intense gaze on me. I don't have to look at Edward to know it's him. C'mon bell. Ring already! "Isabella." I gulp. Edward is saying my name. My full name, in fact. What happened to Bella? Plastering a smile on my face, I steel my courage to look at him. "Edward." His face doesn't give away what he's feeling, but a hint of a smile appears on his lips. "How are you?" "Fine." It's all I can come up with. Anything else I want to say shouldn't be heard with nearby ears, especially Tanya and Embry. Why did you ignore me? Are we still friends? Do you love someone else? I wish I could ask him those questions. After over a year apart, I deserve some sort of answer. He hurt me more times than I can count, even before we established a working friendship following our breakup. But, with the curious gaze that Edward has on me, I don't care. It's your chance to start over. Can I do that? Start over? Pretend that the past five years never happened? We've faced too much with each other. Forcing myself to forget all the rough things we went through is more painful than the physical and emotional distance we had. I've shed countless tears for him. I pinned my heart for him, hoping he'd come to. Maybe being in the same math class this year is a sign. Maybe... maybe it's a second chance. Alice tells me to make second chances count. Maybe this is a second chance for me to put together pieces of the puzzle and find out why Edward did the things he did. "Edward?" He blinks. "Yes?" "Let's talk. After class. We have a lot of catching up to do." Second one-shot this month! That's a new record. I'm happy to be getting back to the fanfiction groove. Most of the things in this O/S are true. Edward is based by a dear friend of mine who I haven't spoken to in a while. My personal narrative glazed over the first part of this and excluded most of the dialogue. The ending in my narrative originally ended with this paragraph: I've learned to cherish the friendships I make with people and to think before I act. Impulses caused me to lose someone I truly cared about. As long as I think about my choices, then I can control their outcomes. No longer will I be a closed box. I'll be an open box, be the conquest one step ahead, and prove that impulses will no longer get the better of me. I like it, but I decided for an updated approach. So I came up with the open-ended closing you just read. I picture E & B meeting after class and deciding to try to be friends again. It's up to you. I'm marking this complete and you fill in the blanks. Until I feel absolutely committed, I'm sticking to posting one-shots. ~ AA * Update Feb. 13, 2015: Changed my mind. If enough of ya'll want it, I'll add one more chapter to give a more completed ending. I'll post it after I finish posting the second part of InstAnt.